Since China lied and is still lying about the number of people who died from #Covid_19 . . Lied about Human to Human transfer . . . How can the U.S. Trust China - If they claim they developed a #Covid_19 Vaccine, Medicine or Good Treatment Plan?
FEBRUARY: TRUMP: "China is very... professionally run... they have everything under control." BIDEN: “I would not be taking China’s word... I would insist China allow our scientists in to (determine) how it started, where it’s from, how far along it is."  …
. @VernBuchanan & I are calling on @POTUS to urge President Xi to drastically expand regulation & enforcement of often contaminated & cruel live animal #WetMarkets in China. #COVID19’s emergence was linked to one such market in Wuhan. This is unacceptable & cannot 
“Our relationship with China was good until they did this,” Trump said Saturday 
i don’t wanna hear  about how china handled its covid-19 outbreak especially now that state governments in the u.s. have reopened public beaches at the height of the pandemic.
It is the China Virus. The Communist Party of China unleashed this virus on the world. What’s racist is that same Communist Party banning Africans from public spaces and blaming the virus in black people. China is also putting tens of thousands of Muslims in concentration camps.
Liar. You inherited a stockpile that you sent over to China. Who the hell do you think will swallow your lies?  …
COULD WALMART SURVIVE? What if President Trump did a national T.V broadcast to explaìn why the U.S can no longer allow CHINESE PRODUCTS to flood our ECONOMY? What if @realDonaldTrump made the rewards for U.S manufacturing so ASTRONOMICALLY HIGH it wiped out CHINA imports?
Trump campaign wants to go anti-China, anti-Biden. Some aides like Kellyanne Conway want a different approach. Questions linger if campaign is fully in loop. Campaign manger Brad Parscale learned his spokeswoman had been hired to White House through news.  …
 … Just saw Report! @WIPO 2019 ranking (Global) 1.China no 1 2.Huawei no1 @WIPO 2002 ranking (Inst/industry) in Asia 1. @CSIR_IND no1 2.Huawei no 5 My slogan then was - patent, publish & prosper Needs reinforcing with 
This @JoeBiden campaign ad will really anger @realDonaldTrump .... but Biden's not wrong. All about #COVID19 & China & #Trump #pandemic  …
Birx was interrupted twice by Trump trying to get her to say that China's numbers are fake. He hovered around behind her like he did during the debate with Clinton. But sure, brave Twitter, explain how she's supposed to blow herself up on stage, just like you would.
To give you an idea of how incredibly difficult is it to get PPE out of China right now, I mailed this fun fiber optic face mask with a box of other stuff to @adafruit and it got stopped as "Medical Equipment". They aren't taking any chances after all  
Pompeo: China Has ‘Not Permitted The World’s Scientists To Go Into’ Wuhan Lab  …
Translated: Trump was too busy licking Xi’s boots to care about Americans. U.S. sent millions of face masks to China early this year, ignoring pandemic warning signs  …
Adrien Brody for Harper's BAZAAR China. Chen Man. 
President Trump: "And if sleepy Joe Biden wins, ... China will own the United States."
President Trump: "Our relationship with China was good until they did this... The question was asked: Would you be angry at China? Well, the answer might very well be a very resounding yes. But it depends. Was it a mistake that got out of control? Or was it done deliberately?"
It came from China.  …
I find it curious Trump's State Department cut funding by 35% & fired diplomats yet still funded @ASPI_org $250K USD a year to have shills like Fergus Ryan & Vicky Xu write lies that Uighurs are bought & sold like slaves US propaganda far far far more sophisticated than China's
They need to fill this out and put it in their stupid red hats (made in China) so no one accidentally saves their lives. 
#TRUMP OPENS INVESTIGATIONS: White House Looks into #OBAMA Grant to #Wuhan and the @WHO China Corruption! @realDonaldTrump @BarackObama Watch the Speech  …
*U.S. manufacturers shipped millions of dollars of face masks and other protective medical equipment to China in January and February with encouragement from the federal government...*  …
are you sure Corona is from China? Because Chinese things don’t usually last this long..
OK, up until this moment I thought the WHO just made a mistake when gauging the situation in Wihan a few months ago. Now, I‘m certain they‘re in China‘s pocket. Just lost all respect for them. Pathetic and disgusting.
President Trump is faced with 706,770 confirmed cases and 31,456 deaths. NYT Opinion said 90% of deaths were avoidable by acting Mar 2 instead of Mar 16. China said there was "human to human transmission" Jan 22. Trump's tried blaming China, WHO, Obama, Democrats. It's on him
Any debt owed to China by the US should be cancelled; all properties they own here shall be seized & sold. The proceeds will then be used for reparations to the American people. Remove all ties to China permanently & treat them as an Enemy; not a Friend. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
President Trump just stated China could face consequences for their made in China virus. I agree with President Trump 100 per cent.
Things made in China can actually last  …
The Times of Israel claims Israeli television reported tonight that US intelligence agencies warned the country of an impending pandemic with coronavirus, gaining speed in China, a startling five months ago.  …
ICE car manufacturers are dying a slow death, and the reason for this is Tesla @Tesla @elonmusk @teslacn #Tesla #China  …
reminder that CHINA IS ASSHOLE >buy a "4500 PSI" brass fitting >MADE IN CHINA proudly stamped on the top >today it blows itself apart on a 2000 PSI pressure washer 
reported cases China - 83k New York City - 130k i live hours away from one of these ... guess which one 
Why R we depending on China? Or India? We have intelligent people at home. Have we not learnt our lessons yet ? COVID-19: China suspends trial of remdesivir, a potential antiviral agent, because there aren’t enough sick patients – National Post  …
Where is media’s coverage if this! The racist #China!  …
Please don’t turn a blind eye to WHO’s corruption. They are covering China up. Please fix WHO’s problems first otherwise we can never defeat the virus because we need to know the facts
A virus  from China that attacks and kills with impunity. Pelosi, Biden, and the Dems won’t condemn China. 184 counties have been torched. Will Adam Schiff investigate China? Hell no. Schiff, Pelosi, and the Dems must go.
Beijing moves to strengthen grip over disputed South China Sea. ⁦ @CollinSLKoh⁩: ”the move signalled that Beijing was likely to build more infrastructure and enhance its military presence in the area.”  …
For the moment, forget the Wuhan lab and conspiracy bio weapons stuff and know this. China gave #Wuhan residents time to leave the area before the Jan 23 lockdown and an estimated 5 million people fled. This how #COVID19 became a pandemic, negligence bordering on 
Dr. Birx Shreds China: If an Outbreak Begins In Your Country, You Have a Moral Obligation to Be Transparent  … @townhallcom #AAG #AAG2020
The "Foreign Press" briefing seat sat empty today. With only 14 seats in the briefing room, it's time for the WH Press Office to re-assign this seat to @OANN. This seat has given a platform to PhoenixTV and Shanghai Media Group, mouth-pieces for China. @realDonaldTrump
Some interesting tidbits from Wuhan Virus “invisible scourge” briefings... . Using the military to fight narcos . WHO de-funding . China investigation . “Looking into” NIH funding . Voice of America disgusting . Many governors corrupt . Empty cubbard . “Third rate” anything  
All these "Joe will beat Trump in November" tweets are making me believe that his dementia is more contagious than the China virus.
If it wasn’t already clear that the US ruling class is united in seeing China as the singular greatest threat that must be stopped. Now the only contest is who can be more hawkish and aggressive  …
I'm well south of disappointed with #WHO's behavior in it's acquiescence, bordering on obsequiousness toward #China But there was a key action NOT taken back on January 22nd that's highly relevant. Unfortunately Canada is among several countries with fingerprints on this one.
If we find out that China created COVID-19 in a lab (even if it wasn’t released on purpose)... what do the Western nations about it? If I’m Trump, Macron, Johnson, Merkel... I would not *want* to find out it was created in a lab.
U.S. sent millions of face masks to China early this year, ignoring pandemic warning signs  …
I wonder why Trudeau would give China $Millions of Canadian taxpayers monies, to boost China's $13 TRILLION economy, while there is such high unemployment here in Canada?  …
. @David_Speers asks @MarisePayne whether China deliberately attempted to stop Australia from delivering aid to Vanuatu. "We have raised our concerns with officials in Vanuatu and in appropriate places with the Chinese Government. I don't know whether it was deliberate or not." 
#Germany #China: After this response from the Chief Editor of BILD to President Xi, I doubt relations can go back to normal. #Covid19's impact on China's image really a rollercoaster: from horrible to great getting back to horrible again  …
Joe Biden . . . Why did Obama think our U.S. Taxpayer $$should fund Communist China's Wuhan Top Level Virology Lab . . That Experiments in High Level Biohazards? Why didn't Obama think of U.S. National Security?
let’s start with the american people not buying any junk that says “ made in china”
Feb vs Now: Uncle Gordo Chang, US “No. 1 China Expert” since his 2001 book “Coming Collapse of China” on #coronavirus and China 
You sent the 3M masks to Ontario, and then you found non-NIOSH certified masks from China that had to be rushed through a quality process and now we all still need to be fit tested, costing 100s of hours and we are supposed to say thank you for an inferior product? Get stuffed
Don’t buy made in China! We all can do that without Democrats being on board
Boris Johnson sold our stocks of PPE to China! Let that sink in! Our #NHSheroes don't have PPE because the PM sold 279,000 items of it to China! #BorisMustResignNow #sundaytimes #BeAngry
We need to learn a lesson here @realDonaldTrump bring back our Manufacturing #China is NOT our Friend #SaturdayThoughts 
CNN, NBC & ABC are owned by corporations who depend on China & their Communist Party for a revenue stream. AT&T, Disney & Universal. Think of that when they criticize the POTUS because China lied for months about a virus they let loose on the planet. Start asking questions folks!
I think this is what was shipped to China
This is why allowing the WHO/CCP to rename the virus was an epic mistake. China should be directly linked, via the virus’ name, to the massive human and economic suffering they have directly caused.
Talk to your Dear Leader he lied right along with China. 
"It could’ve been stopped in China, it could’ve been stopped in China before it started... and it wasn’t... and the whole world is suffering because of it." - President 
He’s serious. He objects to Trump calling out China and Iran for clearly lying. And Birx backed Trump up in questioning China’s numbers. In fact she said she put China on the chart specifically to highlight that they were full of shit. This guy is a total !  …
What should America do to hold China accountable for the coronavirus?
If you’re angry at China for releasing this virus on the world, just remember: our very own NIH funded it. Feel better now? #BringItALLHome
You know why dictators in African countries have always been quiet on China’s abusing behaviors against their citizens? China’s telecom virus Huawei has been spying on their political opponents for Beijing & African dictators China’s bought.   …
@MarisePayne demanding transparency from China on #coronavirus on @InsidersABC , this is a government that has massive transparency problem of its own #PotCallingKettleBlack on #insiders AFP Raids , Ruby Princess , Sports Rorts ,Press Freedom  …
Good old fashioned China bashing. Payne asserts virus originated from Wuhan and likely from wet markets. Cases first started to rise in Wuhan but no one is sure where it actually originated, there’s speculation it may actually originated in US. Why make wrong assertions? #insider
does the Foreign Minister “trust China” is the Speers gotcha line of questioning today. Payne doesn’t bite, as she shouldn’t. Imagine the screeching murdoch headlines if she said no. She knows it, saying she “heard what Greg [Sheridan] said” lol #Insiders
Really curious how all the MAGA folks feel about this BS?! China needs to be punished. End of conversation.  …
The dangerous plans and views of Donald Trump should mean Australia’s relationship with America should be in question more than China/Australia relationship. #Insiders
The issue isn't criticism of her performance, it's the insinuation that she's acting as an agent for China, which is blatantly xenophobic and bigoted  …
Q: how will the relationship between Australia and China change? A: we consider these questions every day. We believe transparency is highest order. This or that will need to be reviewed... Q: has your trust in China been eroded? A: sort of [paraphrased] #Insiders
25 Jan. Cobra met today to discuss the situation in Wuhan, China.. A Lancet report that day presented a study of 41 coronavirus patients admitted to hospital in Wuhan, which found that more than 1/2 had severe breathing problems...six had died.’  …
. @MarisePayne says we will need to see transparency from China going forward. "Transparency from all of the key countries across the world who will be part of any review that takes place." #Auspol 
But let’s keep kissing China’s feet.  …
How to politicise a crisis - watch and learn Marise Payne wants an independent investigation into China and WHO ? will the constant China criticism continue once trade starts again? @David_Speers #insiders
China Tries (and Fails) to Get Wisconsin to Pass Law Praising Beijing on Coronavirus  …
The United Kingdom pays for trusting China: Spends $20 million buying 2 million faulty Coronavirus ‘home test’ kits  …
The government's position on China is incredibly ambiguous. They allowed a 99-year lease of the Port of Darwin. They have allowed farming sales to Chinese interests. They have signed a huge trade deal with China. #insiders They are having their cake and eating it too.
Dutts and his unconfirmed claims are then used to segue into asking Marise Payne what we should do about China. I just find this line of discussion laughably arrogant. What can Australian politicians do about Chinese governance? Anything? Since when? #Insiders
Is the China-Africa ‘all-weather’ relationship in the midst of a Coronavirus storm? Recently the whole world has seen how China abusing Africans in Guangdong, kicking them out of their homes. China is the most racist country in the history. China Virus!  …
Politicians in interviews, who turn themselves into contortions to avoid answering questions, demanding that China answer questions. #insiders
Distraction Politics on #Insiders. As if China "coming clean" on anything will exonerate #Dutton's Border Farce allowing the Ruby Princess passengers to disperse across Australia without even a temperature 
Cuomo hires firm with close ties to CCP to develop reopening plan But the BRI was yet another far-reaching effort to expand China’s tendrils into governments and private businesses around the globe  …
Ha ha Trump says nobody believes China's figures, like, everybody believes Trump's figures #Insiders
Probably because China and Iran are lying.  …
Sheridan jumping on the Anti-China bandwagon-quoting Trump! China winning because it does not have @realDonaldTrump as leader @InsidersABC #insiders
Republicans don't fight for us Why did Republicans allow Obama/ Biden do all this crap and get away with it They had to know about the Wuhan Lab Funding and the Iran Money in the middle of the Night 3:00 AM Delivery They had to know about the China deals What was their Cut?
What happened to those who spoke up about coronavirus in China?  via 
as well as Tasmania getting a good run we now turn to China. Seemingly so Sheridan can indulge a bit of sweeping generalisation about the past Chinese response and speculation about future Chinese response #Insiders
If the virus came from a Chinese lab, China lied about it, spread it to the world, killed thousands and blamed us - Democrats picked a REALLY bad time to ask Americans to vote for a guy OWNED by China.
China shut down domestic flights out of Wuhan but allowed International flights to continue! Is there much more that needs said?
Were you around when Harpo signed FIPA? Ya, I think you were there. China must have changed a lot eh?  …
. @marcthiessen writes that China should pay for the damage they caused due to the coronavirus crisis even while they lie and cover up critical data about it.  …
Stunned. "A 25 March paper in JAMA Cardiology documented heart damage in nearly 20% of patients out of 416 hospitalized for COVID-19 in Wuhan, China. In another Wuhan study, 44% of 138 hospitalized patients had arrhythmias." 
- Waited 70 days before taking any action - Praised China numerous times - Said "Everybody who wants a test can get one" - Where is the #COVIDTesting?
1/4 Its all about the #Vaccine. 3 PHARMAS all involved with infectious disease tests and vaccines announced they are "in the running" to create one for COVID19. They are: Moderna CanSino Bio-Tianjin China Inovio #FollowTheMoney  …
Special edition Transnistria + Reformed Government of the Republic of China = Reformed Government of the Republic of Transnistria: 
Gee whizz there are a lot of bad reckonz about Aotearoa NZ out there. Seems a lot of people think those hobbit movies were real? We’re a predominantly urban archipelago w huge reliance on tourism &international students especially from China. Some of us do have hair feet though.
Next they are going to start welding people into their houses like they did in China.
This article by General Spaulding goes right to the heart of the problem . Corporate  before National Security. This needs to stop right away. Pleae read & see this example that involves China.  …
Me too. I haven’t stood in ONE outside line this entire time. I don’t live  China.  …
A Florida law firm has filed a class-action lawsuit against China for the damage they brought about with the COVID-19 pandemic.  …
This just happened and Americans need to see! President Trump said that if Biden wins that our country will be owned by China. This election is about saving our nation. Who is voting RED with me?! 
The greatest gift ever given to the Communist Party of China -- pulling out of TPP.
When I was helping the street stalls in #HongKong to call for public awareness to arrests of lawyers in #China 2 years ago, I never would have thought that the day, #HK lawyers being arrested for defending #HumanRights & fighting for #Democracy,  so  …
1/ THREAD: Trump telling us that his Chief of Staff, Mark Meadows, "has that, pretty much under control." (that being previous monies being given to a lab in China). #BodyLanguageExpert #BodyLanguage 
China decided to send contaminated testing kits to Canada. @CisNyakundi @BelAkinyii @nahashon87 "Thousands of kits meant to screen for COVID-19 delivered to New Brunswick from a supplier in China last week were contaminated and can't be used....."  …
Germany’s largest paper to China's president: You're endangering the world. @FDD’s ⁦  …
Finally the #UKGov  to their senses and dumped China's Huawei in 5G tech roll out — Citing its Lies Over #COVID. It's hard to believe we even considered this deal given the risk to our countries  …
We must vote Republican in 2020. Democrat politicos are bought out by China. Share this if you are voting RED. 
Modi 'Trumps' Xi Along with India's clampdown on Chinese investments, the USA has also stepped up scrutiny of investments from China esp due to the trade war between the 2 of them. #IndiaCheckmatesChina
Why did Donald Trump “deliver” #PPE to China in February while he minimized the threat of #Coronavirus to the American people?? #TrumpLiesAmericansDie
HUGE: The UK Just Dumped China's Huawei in 5G Tech Roll-Out — Citing its Lies Over Coronavirus  …
Imagine being china. They thought they'd be the new world superpower. They made a deal with the devil. Literally, made a deal with a bunch of luciferians. Luckily god stepped in and said "Not today satan!", meet my man Donald J F'n Trump. Stable genius, and destroyer of pedos!
A new Biden ad that will run in battleground states like Wisconsin and Florida focuses on Trump's praise of China early in the coronavirus crisis.  … via @HuffPostPol
Editor-in-chief of Das Bild, a widely read tabloid broadsheet published by Axel Springer in Berlin, videotaped this sarcastic rejoinder in English to President Xi Jinping on why Bild demanded that China pay billions in damages for coronavirus pandemic.  …
A flight carrying essential PPE & NHS supplies landed landed at Glasgow Prestwick Airport from China on Saturday morning The cargo included around 10 million face masks as well as infusion pumps for ICUs & virus collecting kits for use in laboratories  …
Patriots outside the Texas Capitol building chanting "Fire Fauci"! Texas Population: 29,472,295 Texas China Virus Deaths: 318 Enough is ENOUGH! Patriots around the country are done staying home & not working, because Fauci wanted to shut everyone down! 
The GOP has gone all-in on scapegoating China, talking about taking revenge, starting a war, kicking Chinese people out of the country And the Democrats' galaxy brain response is that Trump is too "soft" on China
Great idea for a Girl's Halloween costume- a Witch outfit and instead of a broom she carries a pail of ICECREAM and CHOCOLATES. China doesn't realize it yet but the financial backlash for their little stunt is gonna be BRUTAL. PRAY HARD AND VOTE #Trump2020! #RandomThoughts
. @realDonaldTrump is asking the right question: does anybody really believe China’s numbers? 
Pres. Trump points to China on Dr. Birx mortality chart: "Does anybody believe this number?" 
Thank you @SecPompeo Now we need to hear from @DominicRaab @10DowningStreet @vonderleyen @EmmanuelMacron @JustinTrudeau @ScottMorrisonMP and others Oh, and @antonioguterres, you might like to say something? I mean, I know China is UN member, but it's not the only one, right?  …
"The refusal of the Trudeau government to condemn China & the WHO, and their refusal to follow the Taiwan approach very concerning. It’s more than just  it’s something more disturbing."  … #cdnpoli
A charter flight carrying essential personal protective equipment (PPE) and NHS supplies including around 10 million face masks, infusion pumps for Intensive Care Units and virus collecting kits landed at Prestwick Airport from China on Saturday morning. More on 
“ Why are your toxic laboratories not as secure as your prisons for political prisoners?" Germany’s largest paper to China's president: You're endangering the world  …
Asked Trump if China should face consequences for COVID-19: "Well, if they were knowingly responsible," @realDonaldTrump said, "certainly. If it was a mistake, a mistake is a mistake. But if they were knowingly responsible. Yeah, then there should be consequences."
I can no longer keep up with Trump's excuses of everyone who is "responsible" for his failures in dealing with COVID-19. Please add anyone/thing I'm missing: 1. News media 2. Democrats 3. Impeachment proceedings 4. Governors 5. China 6. Obama 7. WHO 8. Nurses/MDs ..anyone else?
I wonder who colluded with China to get this virus into USA? Who would want President Trump out of office? Gee, I wonder…..
With China holding 1.+ trillion dollars of our Treasury bonds, what is our response to them. Thinking back to Nazi invasions of WW2 isn’t the coronavirus as devastating???  …
U.S. sent millions of face masks to China in January and February, in move underscoring failure to prepare for threat 
I have been saying this about #CHINA and the #CCP's aspirations FOREVER. #XiJinping keeps his eye on the prize. He's not above using a global pandemic for military advancement. #auspol #taiwan #covid_19  …
China sucks.
WHAT WOULD CHINA DO IF THE ROLES WERE REVERSED? @realDonaldTrump WHAT EU DO IF U.S HID THIS AND INFECTED WORLD? How do we get 20 TRILLION from CHINA ? HOW MUCH IS PATENT SEIZURE OF EVERY CHINESE INVENTION AND PIECE OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY WORTH? ANYONE KNOW?
China lied and innocent people died. China lied and innocent people died. China lied and innocent people died. China lied and innocent people died. China lied and innocent people died. China lied and innocent people died. China lied and innocent people died.
I can't believe leaders who should know better are making anti-fact, anti-science attacks on @CPHO_Canada Dr. Tam, often with racist and sexist undertones & false allegations of a conspiracy with China (spoiler the timelines don't match that made up story) #IStandWithDrTam
@GavinNewsom I guess Made In America means nothing to you, eh? Why on God's green Earth would U think we would wear masks you purchased from Commie CHINA? U do realize they are the SOLE reason we are going through this, don't U? Yet you give them $1B. Thats helping Cali, how?  …
The Juyan Lake is located in Ejina Banner of the western Inner Mongolia. It was a lake in the Gobi desert with an area of 267 square km in 1958, 213 square km in 1960, and eventually dried up in 1961. The lake reappeared in 2005 because of the increase of raining in West China. 
China already owns @JoeBiden, so that makes  …
SHOCKER: China Now Admits Coronavirus Death Toll In Wuhan Was 50% Higher Than Reported  …
All of the possible things they could have hit him on with regards to covid19, and they choose to make some xenophobic anti-china ad? They're gonna get smoked in November.
Non-stop China bashing plus the usual anti-Muslim, anti-Mexican, anti-immigrant incitement.  …
This ad reveals the truth about Trump and China, and that truth is ugly. Trump is in really bad shape tonight. Is it his poll numbers sinking or is something  
Takes notable imagination (or never having been to India) to predict a strengthened China-India partnership  …
Biden is basically agreeing with Trump’s premise this is all China’s fault.
"Does anybody really believe this?" At press conference, Trump slams China, Iran coronavirus stats  …
Never forget that trump has spent his entire time in office groveling to the ruling dictator of the  party. His China-bashing is cynical lies to distract you from his catastrophic failure.  …
. @billmaher tries to blame Trump for China Virus — @DanCrenshawTX drops a Truth MOAB on 
No surprise... Greta the Climate Puppet supports the Communist China-owned WHO.  …
Loved it! Especially when he said if Sleepy Joe Biden gets elected China will own us.
This shouldn’t even be a question. There is no way under the sun I would send America’s best athletes to China anytime this decade after what they’ve done.  …
Yet the Left will rush to defend China and ignore all of this. You know why? Because they’re so blinded by their hyper-partisan hatred of Donald Trump that they’ve convinced themselves that anything he does or says must be opposed. Trump is Chinasceptic, so the Democrats are not.  …
 to the new cold war. Biden's new ad is just unhinged anti-China propaganda. Biden will attack Trump for supposedly being "too soft" on China, and Trump will do the same to Biden. The 2020 election will be nonstop bipartisan scapegoating of China. 
 are not planning to remove their supply chains from China.  …
This PAC @American_Bridge is funded by Democratic Party donors and labor unions and now they are collaborating with Republicans to build the "blame China" narrative that is threatening people of Asian descent in this country  …
Donald Trump gave China a pass over the worst public health crisis in over 100 years. Now over 30,000 Americans have lost their lives and our economy's in a tailspin. Joe Biden warned him not to let it happen. You should have listened.  …  
Chris Wallace soft ball interviews the satanic Nancy Pelosi as she’s eating gourmet ice cream hiding in the her mansion in San Francisco while $250 Billion held hostage so why doesn’t he interview CHINA PUPPET Joe Biden? Biden cannot put together two coherent sentences.
. @realDonaldTrump: The coronavirus "could have been stopped in China. Before it started and it wasn't. And the whole world is suffering because of it." 
John Kerry broke Logan Act and if Sleepy Joe wins Iran and China will own America! Boom 
the apparent biden campaign tactic of blaming china for the coronavirus isn't just morally reprehensible, it's also very bad strategy bc it takes some of the blame off of the trump administration, the only opponent you have in this election. which seems like a dumb thing to do?
British political and international relations analyst Tom Fowdy shares his views on China's revised numbers of #coronavirus deaths in Wuhan.  …
It's highly likely that #China will use the #coronavirus-induced economic crisis to go on a buying spree. The #USA #UK & other #European governments must restrict the purchasing of  as this would be a major threat to our  …
. @realDonaldTrump, if there is take away lesson the COVID-19 virus has taught us, it is that we cannot trust China ever again! They are not our allies and never were. China must pay for unleashing their biowarfare on the world. That is what it is. Please take action against them.
Trump: Chief of staff looking into payment of $3.7m from NIH to the lab in China at the Center of the #Covid19 debate.
So are y’all ignoring what’s happening to black people in China cuz I don’t hear much
Making Love With The Devil Hurts! #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChinaVirus #China 
G7 refuses to use the term “Wuhan virus” Merkel affirms support for WHO Macron rejects the Wuhan lab conspiracy Europe is planning a future that’s closer to China and farther from the USA. The future is EURASIA
If this gets to a point where African governments begin evacuting their citizens from China because of racism, it is hard to see how the China-Africa relationship survives.  …
If ANC was able to sell SASOL n now we can't control petrol price, ISCOR n now we importing poor quality steel from China. What's a small matter of SAA? This is just ANC living up to its mandate, to manage African anger on behalf of Euros. In 1994 ANC wanted Dept of privatization
Joe Biden sold out workers to China and the rest of the world for decades while dismissing the idea that China is  He’s done it since the 1990s. He didn’t change course when he was Vice President and he won’t change course if given the chance again.  …
Firstly, PPE has been hit thanks to austerity by Tory governments, a lot of PPE is out of date and hasn’t been replenished. Also, sending 279,000 worth to China in February. Or as I said missing emails and not responding  wanting to help make PPE who instead shipped
The Tanfa Pagoda, also known as Jin Pagoda, is located at the Jinta Park of Hancheng City, Shaanxi Province of China. The pagoda was built in 1173 during the Jin Kingdom (1115 - 1234), which is a minority regime founded by Jurchens in Northern China. 
James Doolittle sitting by the wing of his wrecked B-25 Mitchell bomber, China, 18 Apr 1942 
The problem is that there are a lot of ppl out there that will follow him no matter what. Him bashing Biden, China, 2nd amendment, etc is a win for them and shows them “how strong their president is” I fear for all of us in November...
 BLACK PEOPLE to ANIMALS at art expo.... But Americans are racist for calling Corona the Chinese Virus We are living in the upside down! 
You are tweeting #ChinaMustFall like you have economies that can sustain themselves without China. You are clowns! 
Ahh you remainers get a real kick out of Slagging off your country's government don't you. No finger pointing at China, the WHO or the dreaded Virus itself; just a barage of blame gaming and vicious rhetoric. Agenda driven fools.  …
The Communist Party of China is just the worst. Why any foreigner would risk random arrest by working there is beyond me. #Cdnpoli  …
The fear of being called racist and xenophobic stopped elected American officials from stopping all fights from China in January. We don't have to live like this. Political correctness is no virtue; putting the interests of the American people First is no vice.  …
#CheapChineseJunk isn’t a myth. Illinois blows $17M on shoddy face masks from China  … via @nypost
U.S. says China should stop 'bullying behaviour' in South China Sea "The United States is concerned by reports of China's repeated provocative actions aimed at the offshore oil and gas development of other claimant states,"  …
He calls BS on their numbers because he doesn’t like China & Iran. Meanwhile he constantly touts his own fake numbers & fake projections engineered by people who want him gone.  …
These deaths aren't on China or the World Health Org or Democrats...they're on him. Donald Trump has aggravated the death toll in this country by his inaction and now fomenting of reckless and possibly violent behavior on the part of people with the least ability to think.
Zhaoxing Dong Village is located in Liping County, Guizhou Province of China. All buildings are wooden-stilt houses. This is a picturesque village noted for beautiful natural sights and unique ethnic style. It surrounded by verdant mountains with a crystal stream running through. 
This was Trump's best answer tonight. John Kerry violated the Logan act and told China and Iran that if Sleepy Joe wins, they'd own the United States. 
REMINDER - 15 November 2018 "Brexit news: @MattHancock refuses to rule out deaths from medicine shortages if UK crashes out of EU with no-deal" 23 Jan 2020 - Hancock stated: "NHS is well prepared to protect UK from China coronavirus"  …
Why was 1 penny from taxpayers being sent to a lab in Wuhan, CHINA? We have billions upon billions of a trade deficit each year with China and the Obama Admin was sending millions to a lab in Wuhan, CHINA. Something is off. The stench of Obama treachery is all over this.
I just want to know how many of you like seafood. In colder northern China, lamb and pork are  choice. Southern China, on the other hand, is heavy on all kinds of fresh seafood. What about the people outside of China choose their food, mutton, beaf, pork or seafood? 
Kerry violated the LOGAN Act! He interfered in Trump's deal with China hoping Sleep Joe wins. If Biden wins China owns the US. Wake up America! Democrats have been selling us out to China for decades. Now we have. "the plague." If Biden wins we'll be quarantined forever!  …
I want this guy in charge of China Instead of the mass murderers currently in charge, who  crimes against humanity against their people, destroyed #HongKong & wrought devastation on the world - lives lost, jobs destroyed, loved ones separated Xi Jinping & CCP: 
China Failed .  …
The Anjihai Grand Canyon, also known as the Hongshan Grand Canyon, sits at the northern foot of the Tianshan Mountains in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. It is an impressive natural  of steep cliffs, jagged rocks, and vibrantly colored stones. 
Meanwhile in China - The Media MUST REPORT THIS ! Black people are being banned from shopping centers ! Last week a sign was put outside of a McDonalds in China saying "No Black People Allowed" Why is there not an international uproar ?! 
Trump sent critical medical supplies to China as we continue to suffer Voters across the country know full well not only how badly Trump f'ed up this crisis, but also how badly he bent the knee to China in the midst of our crisis Look at the mess we're in now thanks to Trump 
while the us tightens its stranglehold on other countries and blocks their access to medicine and supplies through economic sanctions, cuba and china continue to demonstrate the international solidarity and cooperation needed  the virus  …
The Commerce Dept encouraged PPE exports to China when US should have been stockpiling for our own needs.  …
Just like China Owns Australia  …
As President Trump continues to give information to Americans by Press Conferences, CNN refuses to air in full while manufacturing propaganda at the same time. CNN and DEMOCRATS are actually siding with China who released the pandemic to the world. And lied about its effects.
She was never supposed to lose.. "If Sleepy Joe Biden were to win, China would own the United States." @realDonaldTrump 2020 
 … China puppet Adam Schiff begs President Trump to stop blaming China for the Chinese virus
Dr. Deborah Birx: China had a “moral obligation…never an excuse to not share information” 
Savage. REPORTER: "Why would the U.S. Give a grant to China?" TRUMP: "When did you hear the grant was made?" REPORTER: "2015." TRUMP: "Who is president then, I wonder?" h/t 
That Biden attack ad calling Trump soft on China is like contemporary Yellow Peril propaganda it mentions China and the Chinese more than it does Trump. Ridiculously irresponsible and racist
Exactly Part of why we are Quarantined POTUS gets to speak directly to all Americans ALL AMERICANS are slowly being Red Pilled on: 1. China 2. MSM 3. Vax 4. Govt Overreach 5. Supply Lines 6. Cures 7. Human Trafficking More  #QAnon  …
It will be interesting to see whether China, by mistake or "KNOWINGLY," let the Coronavirus spread. #Consequences for 
I’d be willing to bet some people who used to be in positions of power in China are suddenly disappearing this week as China "investigates" what happened. The coverup is in full swing now.
Stop with the BS. How many times do we have to replay Trump’s tweets and statements praising China’s handling of the  …
Chinese doctor Li Wenliang tried to warn the world about the pandemic. The CHINA dictatorship arrested him and it is suspected that they intentionally caused his death by #Covid_19 . yet more evidence that CHINA is guilty. #KingTrump @Lrihendry @AppSame @bfraser747 
It was her and Zendaya. But China don’t get her creds tho. Ant farm entertained all us 2000-2004 kids for years.
Like they own Canada now. Everyone living here knows it. China has bribed and blackmailed every Liberal leader in the entire country. #cdnpoli
China is getting dangerous for foreigners and foreigners are leaving or getting kicked out.  …
TRUMP: “If Sleepy Joe Biden wins... China will own the United States.” 
POTUS is fed up and letting the media and china know it!
6 cities in #China, including Wuhan, Guangzhou and Suifenhe, are considered potential hotspots for the next #CCPVirus outbreak. Photos on social media show airport passengers are told to take a different route than others if  from the 6 
China Anne McClain really did carry Disney for some years tho. Like during that period where all the throwback shows had their season finales she filled that void.
He was on fire! Even Dr. Birx called out China today! And he ended at 6:17 exactly! (17:17 CST) #QAnons #Qarmy #WWG1WWGA
Yaaaaaaaaaasssssss!!!!! This is what I’ve been talking about!!! Wage and win the information war with truth and facts. Push back on Trump’s attempts to lie & deflect his  on China. I love it! I approve of this ad. More please. Every. Day.  …
China owns Biden. If A = B and B = C then A = C  …
CoronaVirus cases and deaths are now “ probable, “ per Debra Birx. This is UNACCEPTABLE! I don’t wanna hear any more numbers. This is all a SCAM! If the White House is questioning whether China and Iran have accurate numbers, then how hard is it to falsify data in New York?
President @realDonaldTrump is putting China on notice right now.
A look at China's disappeared 
HOLY COW. President Trump just laid waste to the unhinged journos today. China, Iran, 2nd amendment, North Korea, Joe Biden, Russia, Putin, oil, Nancy Pelosi, and the list goes on... LIVING LEGEND.
This is..Yellow Peril material and I can only imagine how this will contribute to the continued violent attacks on Asian ppl with ads that scapegoat China and mention tens of thousands of Chinese ppl ‘let into’ the US with implications they are a foreign contagion. Awful ppl
Two Trump statements on China. 1) "No one could see  2) "We wanted to go in to inspect early on before it got out of hand." Interestin', huh?
I think any university taking money from China’s CCP should be denied federal research grants. Try & change my mind.
The President just seemed to casually float the incredible accusation that China may have deliberately released #COVID19. "Was it a mistake that got out of control or was it done deliberately?" He then adds Beijing would not allow in US inspectors perhaps due to embarrassment.
A Democratic super PAC has launched a $15 million ad campaign criticizing Trump for initially praising China's handling of the coronavirus crisis and donating U.S. personal protective equipment to China, in a move to counter pro-Trump ads.  …
Trump says again that China has paid the U.S. billions in tariffs. Naw:  …
Come on, reporters. A room FULL of you. Can't ONE of you point out that CHINA DOESN'T PAY THE TARIFFS??????
Trump is claiming that we can't elect Biden because then "China will own us" and that under this administration, China is paying the US hundreds of billions in tariffs, which - in reality - are shouldered by American consumers.
Holy shit DJT just saying **again** John Kerry violated the Logan act.. Brought up Obama again, talking about his talks with Russia about the “wait to after the  And just said if he didn’t win in 2016, China and Iran would own the USA... This is HUGE
This is just a punch bowl full of all of Trump's lies and smears. There isn't any coronavirus news. We've got North Korea, smears on Pelosi, Maggie Haberman, John Kerry, Joe Biden, praise for Putin, praise for the Saudi King, lies about China tariffs. Crazy salad.
Rally, rally, we want a rally: Trump bashes Iran, "Sleepy Joe," and John Kerry; repeats his usual exaggerated figure for how much money Iran got in the nuclear deal (and doesn't explain it was Iran's money); falsely insists that Americans aren't paying his tariffs on China.
Trump says that if @JoeBiden wins, "China will own the United States."
¿Le creen a China? 
and just seen @BorisJohnson just kicked china and 5g out of UK
Did China Just Admit the Obama Administration Funded $3.7 Mil for #COVID-19 Development? If you don’t think #China made it a bio weapon then ask yourself why we were told H1N1 was a“bird Flu” and magically it transferred to Humans. #WWG1WGA  …
China are liars. Germany there’s many questions on their data criteria. Spain, Belgium and Italy horrific numbers. UK and Netherlands similar paths. USA mainly confined to big cities so far. Iran liars as well imo  …
An American general who has never lived in China and does not speak Chinese wants to tell you how "China views the world".  …
Why are news organizations still using China as a reputable source?
Walling off China: India changes FDI policy to block threat of takeovers Read: 
FREE QUESTION Do you regret sending 17 tons of personal protective equipment to China when American hospitals were facing shortages?
Chart you won't find put out by most of the media because it doesn't fit with the US-is-the-worst narrative. Also nicely demonstrates  ridiculous China's numbers are. (I know this number is sure to go up because we're earlier than Italy/Spain) 
Anti-China xenophobia, now available in both blue and red varieties.
Because the Press works for China Sir! 
Biden's new ad claims that "Trump rolled over for the Chinese" and that Trump supposedly letting in 40k Chinese led to the US' crisis, while images of Chinese people play in the background. Aggression on China is about the only thing that Democrats and Republicans can agree on.  …
when will the history books say the US/China Cold War began?
Dr. Deborah Birx: China had a “moral obligation…never an excuse to not share information”  
Everyone is saying that the Government have acted sooner. But I honestly think it would have been so hard to impose self-isolation measures much sooner than they came. Many of us were in denial. We knew China looked bad but we couldn’t face it until it got closer. Human nature.
Trump calls BS on the numbers from Iran & China. Birx doesn't seem too thrilled when he does. Trump is in full control. No doubt about it. #WarTimePresident 
Lawmaker organizes protest of governors Wuhan China Virus stay-at-home order. REP CHRIS JOHANSON SMACKS LEFT CRAZED GOV JANET MILLS ! WARNING LEFT WE ARE DONE WITH YOUR SHIT ! WE WILL SHOW UP ARMED AND IN NUMBERS ! A WAR YOU WONT WIN !!! Paint my country red 
Let's see, if I was inclined to vote, I'm going to have to decide which sinophobe I like better, Trump or Biden. It's a bad ad, and more than that, morally appalling, putting more Asian Americans at risk for hate crimes. Biden's advisor spoke favorably of China in late January.
Joe, sure glad you are not waging War against this China Virus... 
Hong Kong police have arrested 14 pro-democracy lawmakers, activists and a media tycoon on charges of joining protests last year calling for reforms. China thinks we won’t realise because we’re busy with fighting their virus. We see what you’re doing, China.
While the US is stealing protective equipment from its own "allies," China is helping the world fight the coronavirus pandemic. Here Argentina is thanking the People's Republic of China for sending medical goods  …
Regarding if China should be held responsible: “If they were [Knowingly] responsible certainly. If it was a mistake, a mistake is a mistake. But if they were [Knowingly] responsible, then there should be consequences.” @realDonaldTrump  …
People who scream America first then carry confederate flags and buy stupid red hats that were made in China.
She then agreed with him, said she included the China figures to show how unrealistic they are and then said "When you are the first country to have an outbreak, you really have a moral obligation... to provide that information that's critical to the rest of the world."  …
"It could have been billions of people if we had not done what we did" -- Trump absurdly claims that his move to restrict travel from China saved a billion or more lives 
#Opinion: "There are three kinds of lies: Lies, damned lies, and statistics." Some in the United States have studied this expression well, given their latest attacks on China. #Covid_19 @isgoodrum
#ChinaLiedPeopleDied China cost the USA trillions of dollars in damages and wrecked our economy. Now, they must pay the price. I introduced the Stop COVID-19 Act to allow Americans to sue Communist China and seek justice in US courts. @SenMcSallyAZ @Lancegooden
at 5:55pm Trump shifts to a new reporter who asks "Should there be consequences for China?" "If China was [knowingly] responsible... yeah, there should be consequences." - Trump 5:5
Trump is asking why the media is not pointing out China's ridiculous coronavirus case numbers ... Some of us did, a few days ago.  …
CLASSIC...Scarf adds IRAN & CHINA death totals to her powerpoint, POTUS calls bullshit and SCARF folds @realDonaldTrump 
China’s dictatorship admits 50% more died in Wuhan but denies any cover-up—Authorities admit “mistakes”, not to have lied about the true extent of China’s coronavirus outbreak, amid mounting international calls for an investigation into their culpability  …
Trump continues to pretend he did not have extensive intelligence on what was going on in China. He knew everything and chose, chose to downplay it and not prepare the country for the pandemic.
The US sent millions of medical grade face masks to China despite warnings of pandemic. Via @washingtonpost
Both Cohen and Avenatti are being released from prison due to the China Virus, while Roger Stone goes to prison till he dies. The justice system is severely corrupt in the US. Justice would be served if both get COVID 19 outside of prison. The Irony. 
Trump knows what he’s doing. At each briefing, he repeats the half truth that he saved the day by “closing the country” to China. Like a marketing slogan, that gets drummed into the minds of viewers, while his inaction throughout February  up.
China doing an investigation on themselves much like their friends did over at NBC.
President Trump calls out the accuracy of the  out of China and Iran. 
US has released this graph on Coronavirus deaths per 100k population. Look at China’s blatantly bent data. Total disinformation. 
Trump isn't wrong about the media's absolute failure to report on the failure of China.
I wonder if Trump has one of those pill boxes marked with the days of the week. Monday blame Congress Tuesday governors wed. china Thursday the media Friday Pelosi Saturday WHO Sunday blame himself...just kidding
As a Chinese American who plans to vote for Biden, I find this ad dangerous to people like me. It doesn’t distinguish between “the Chinese“ and “China’s government“ in highlighting Trump’s praise.
The President of the United States is castigating the press for not figuring out if China’s numbers are adequate, as if he is not sitting on top of one of the most advanced intelligence organizations in the world
Why did the @POTUS praise China’s handling of the virus in January?
The episode I did @_whitneywebb is maybe the most mind blowing interview I’ve ever done.  out tonight at 9pm PST. We cover everything: Epstein, Gates, China, etc. Here’s is a clip about how the US, under the guise of beating China, will  China. It’s terrifying. 
If you: - End the pandemic team - Cut funding to the CDC - Give away 18 tons PPE to China - Ignore every warning about  crisis while golfing Then you don't get  and blame the President before you.
WTF? Biden is trying to outdo Trump in #COVID19 China-bashing. So, we're good with bipartisan anti-Asian hysteria now? There are so many ways that the Trump administration failed in this crisis... but this is what Biden is going with.  …
Boom Baby... One of the most devastating political ads I’ve seen in years. It reveals the truth about Trump and China... and that truth is not pretty. 
And Birx *immediately* agreed with Trump, saying she included the China figures on the chart to show how unrealistic China's numbers were, noting China is likely lying, and went on at length about how important accurate reporting from other countries is during a global pandemic.  …
SMH! Was Birx actually annoyed at President @realDonaldTrump's interruption of her to mock China's preposterous Wuhan coronavirus death rate? Astonishing! She works for him & us.
Dr. Birx just put up a chart that shows how ridiculous even the adjusted Chinese figures are. She spoke of the moral obligation of China. The real problem is imposing a legal obligation when current laws shield nations even for triggering a pandemic.  …
This could be us. But people from China wanna eat bats. 
President Trump is right to call out China on their death “reporting” figures on COVID19. No serious person believes their numbers. @POTUS 
This is exactly why I called for an investigation. We need to get to the bottom of why this administration allowed PPE to be shipped to China—while we’re now short on supplies here at home.  …
There you have it. US COVID mortality rate is lower than all countries at 11 % per 100,000 only Iran and China are lower than us if you can believe that. So our @realDonaldTrump has done a phenomenal job  this biowarfare Virus from China. Thank you for your hard work!
So the country where this all started claims this? Really? Why can’t China be honest about this pandemic? See below (this was the chart Dr. Birx showed at the coronavirus briefing...) 
Whoa!!! Did you hear Trump while Birx is talking?! “Does anyone REALLY believe this about China?!?!” He’s BLASTING the narrative to SHREDS in front of the WORLD! Making her look like a TOTAL FOOL. He KNOWS the numbers  BS. He’s exposing it!
. @realDonaldTrump RIGHTLT points out how unbelievable China’s reported numbers are. Dr. Birx —> “I put China on there so you could basically see how unrealistic this could be.” 
Dr. Birx showing charts of potential hot spots in New Orleans, Detroit that didn’t materialize. Then she pivoted to deaths per 100K population in underscoring (A) USA health system performance and (B) How utterly ridiculous the China number is, which some news orgs push as gospel 
Even Dr. Birx, who is usually very measured and just adheres to the data, is slamming China for their lack of transparency and discussing how unbelievable their numbers are. We have to hold China accountable for what they've done.
Germany’s largest paper tells China's President #Jinping: ”You're endangering the world. You [Jinping], your government and your scientists had to know long ago that coronavirus is highly infectious, but you left the world in the dark about  …
This needs to be said: no matter what China did, no matter the accuracy of their numbers, this President knew a pandemic was on the way as early as November. AND DID NOTHING. Approaching 750,000 Americans infected, and 40,000 dead. IT'S ON HIM.
Trump keeps interrupting Dr Birx to point out how fake China & Iran's numbers are he is in a mood today
Today, Trump tells Americans not to believe China's numbers on covid-19 deaths. That took awhile.
Trump just interrupted Birx to challenge her slide, asking “does anybody really believe this about China?” Birx trying to stay on track. Wow. Trump trying to hijack the moment again. Birx is trying to speak. He has lost his shit, and every American needs to be watching this.
Trump on mortality rates from China: Does anybody “really believe” this number? 
Amb. Dr. Birx says China’s mortality rate  implausible.
China must be brought to their knees unmercifully by the United States for this virus release! Make the ChiComs pay dearly, so they never ever forget! #AmericaFirst
The president is interrupting Dr. Birx's presentation to note that China and Iran show very low mortality rates reported and the president repeated "Does anybody believe that number?"
Feel like China should at least report a semi-realistic death rate.... Like when you cheat on a test and still miss one or two questions just to make it look less suspicious.
President Trump, standing in front of a  Deaths Per 100,000 Population, points at China and asks “Does anybody believe this number?” Excellent. No, Mr President, we don’t believe it.
Dr. Birx shows mortality rate chart Trump points out China: “Does anyone really believe this number?” 
DR BIRX; The US has a lower mortality rate than several European countries. China reports a rate of 0.33 and the president said "Does anybody really believe this number?"
Cyborg Beetles on #5G can Kill Humans Guided by #AI Poison/Virus Delivery Systems. Published in my Books  … Used to Crawl into UR Homes by Terrorists/Big Tech=MBT? China CCP Stole this #biotech Retweet, Support My Efforts Pls Demand Media Stop Censoring 
We should not be funding anything to do with China after this. They should be funding stuff for us, such as ALL the economic recovery efforts.
#China's economy shrinks for the first time since records began 3 decades ago. Its GDP fell almost 6.8% in the first quarter. Factories shut down and exports fell due to the #CCPVirus. Many countries are re-evaluating their trading relationship with China. 
President Trump has announced that he will end Obama era funding to the Wuhan lab accused of spreading the China virus. Why were we funding it in the first place?
. @BillGertz: China has produced scientific papers revealing that it has done incredibly dangerous work on viruses, including manufacturing new bat viruses. This research must be exposed. #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell #CCPVirus  
Notable. Today's China Virus Press briefing with @POTUS. YouTube TV LIVE moderator appeared again with: WRWY (translated: We Are With You) 
China wants a Return on their Investment... 
China want a Return on their Investment... 
Inside that Wuhan lab... and Britain's suited svengalis doing China's bidding...  
Biden Changes Tune On China As He Takes Aim At President Trump Over COVID-19 Response  … 
"Police arrested 15 high-profile pro-democracy figures in connection with allegedly “organizing and participating in unlawful assemblies,” according to the security bureau." #CCP: Never let a crisis go to waste. #COVID #China #HongKong  …
Trump keeps trying to please Xi despite GOP’s desire to bash China. And Trump keeps touting his travel ban on flights from China as a major action on the coronavirus. But about 40,000 people traveled to US from China in the 2 months after the travel ban:   …
President Trump, China is still dreaming of sniffing Joe winning! Well, they can dream on because that’s all they will get! You r winning as always! Trump 2020! That’s not a dream it’s reality! 4 more years! 
President @realDonaldTrump: #Coronavirus “could have been stopped in China.” 
IT COULD HAVE BEEN STOPPED IN CHINA... AND IT WASN'T AND NOW THE WHOLE WORLD IS SUFFERING" 
This is worth reading if you are a Kiwi. While Australia can play India and China off each other, it is clear that this Government has all but surrendered our Sovereignty to China and the UN.  …
Hunter Biden. $1.5 billion. China. My ad. 5 words.
Trump is slamming China much harder than he has in recent weeks. He may or may not have seen this @maggieNYT @jmartNYT  …
At least you now agreed he shut down travel to China. That's progress. Now apply yours to it and you may just decipher all the other things he's done  #Covid_19, maybe in time for November. Here I've laid out crumbs for 
We have  China.
I can't believe I have to say this in 2020. Mulan is not wearing geisha makeup. Mulan is not wearing a kimono. Mulan is bit Japanese, she is chinese. Geisha and  from japan. Mulan is wearing hanfu and traditional wedding makeup from that time period in china.
"Unfortunately some partisan voices are attempting to politicize the issue of testing, which they shouldn't be doing, because I inherited broken JUNK!" –Pres. Donald J. Trump The novel coronavirus — 2019-nCoV — was first reported in Wuhan, China in Dec 2019. There was no test. 
“Even as the president tries to rebut criticism of his slow response to the outbreak by highlighting his January travel restrictions on China, he has repeatedly called Mr. Xi a friend and said ‘we are dealing in good faith’ with the repressive government”  …
BREAKING: Trump says “It could have been stopped in China.” Trump knew about the virus the same week in November that the first case of COVID19 occurred. He’s the one who didn’t do anything to stop it. No one else! Him! #TrumpPressConf
New evidence that the Trump administration actively encouraged  to export PPE to China (because the price was so good) - - in late February and March - - even after everyone knew about thousands of deaths in Wuhan  
What Trump did is 11 times worst than China China = 6 days delay Trump = #70DaysDeadlyDelay #TrumpLiedAmericansDied
People dropping like flies in #Heilongjiang Province in #China as it emerges as the new epicentre in China... 
Trump: "You're going to see some incredible hard facts and evidence that what we did was right." Had we done it "a different way," millions would've died; 60,000 is "horrible," especially when "it could've been stopped in China"... He is now boasting about the former economy
This is the most devastating political ad I’ve seen in years. It reveals the truth about Trump and China, and that truth is ugly. 
“Someone needs to take responsibility for this epidemic." A #Hubei resident is suing the Chinese regime for its coverup in the #CCPVirus pandemic. It's the first known lawsuit of its kind in China. The police summoned him the night he filed the lawsuit. 
One other thing. Even if this were the case, this president has been in office for more than three years. What’s HE been doing? He folded the NSC unit in WH designed to mobilize our defenses at the first hint of pandemic. He folded U.S. gov labs in China meant to prevent them.  …
US ignored early coronavirus warning signs, sent medical gear to China: analysis  
. @realDonaldTrump says China is way ahead of us in deaths. You know it, I know it, and they know it but the #FakeNews doesn’t want to talk about that. They’ll have to explain why and one day @realDonaldTrump will. 
Donald Trump said Joe Biden is China’s dream candidate... ...is he really?
If Digong just heeded the call of VP Leni on the last week of January to ban the travellers from China immediately, then the situation of COVID cases would not be as bad as now.
ATTN WH reporters: Here is a suggested Q to ask Trump right now (h/t @MichaelJGwin) @washingtonpost reports that your administration was actively encouraging U.S. manufacturers of PPE and ventilators to sell their equipment to China as late as March -- why did you do this? 
I had a nightmare that the US pursued legal action against China and the rest of the world was saying forgive China, but their apology was fake then i saw Xi Jinping face smirking while a bomb went off in NYC
An eye for an eye leaves us all blind, but on this China issue… —  … via @dailynation – at Garden Of Eden
Canadian government scientist & staff were under investigation in July 2019 at Level 4 Wuhan lab in China. RT non-coincidental Please follow @Leighforusa1  …
Every goddamn day trump tells the lie that he "inherited a broken and obsolete system." 1. You've been there for 3.5 years 2. There was no COVID before you 3. You gave away 18 tons of PPE to China while saying "it's under control"
For china to fall, African leaders must first fall!!! 
Due to 370 imported cases in China's northeast city Suifenhe, within days China has built a 600 bed hospital, bused in thousands of health & gov workers, & brought in millions of supplies. This is the power of a state that swiftly allocates resources to meet the people's needs.  …
China Tries (and Fails) to Get Wisconsin to Pass Law Praising Beijing on Coronavirus WTF!! Wow China really needs to keep out of other Countries business!!  …
Trump was discussing the MSM underreporting on COVID19 deaths in China and the fact China is no.1 in per capita deaths & said, “You know it, I know it, they know it, but you don’t want to report it. Why? You’ll have to explain that. Someday, I’ll explain it.” He knows.
CBS, WGN, Fox local and Fox News only channels covering the President Task force report for today. #BoycottFakeNews including, NBC,ABC, MSNBC,& CNN for violating the rights people have to have free and fair media. Check their sponsors. They are probably China! 
The world  together and Hold China, WHO and Democrats accountable for  …
Trump attacks media for reporting stats indicating US has more coronavirus deaths than China: "China's number 1. Just so you understand. China is number 1 by a lot. They are way ahead of us in terms of death. It is not even close. You know it, I know it, they know it." 
. @realDonaldTrump just blatantly lied about whether the US has the highest number of COVID-19 deaths. It does. China does not. 
Despite Democrats resistance to help small businesses, President @realDonaldTrump will get the economy going and Americans back to work! Joined @JennPellegrino to discuss restoring our economy, help for small businesses & holding China accountable for their deceit. 
Trump on coronavirus deaths: "We're not number one, China is number one. China is number one by a lot. It's not even close. They are way ahead of us in terms of deaths. You know it. I know it. They know it. But you don't want to report it. Why? You'll have to explain that."
trump says china is number 1 in the world in deaths, he offers zero evidence for this claim and then follows up with "you know it, i know it." and "one day i'll explain."
We can't trust the #CCP or @WHO US Intelligence evidence appears to be mounting that China may've hid that #COVID19 came from a #WuhanBioLab China is relying on the statements of the @WHO to try to counter evidence that this came from a bio 
Trump is saying that China is "way ahead of us in deaths." The upward revision a couple of days ago put China at 3869. We have TEN TIMES THAT.
President Trump dismisses China’s official coronavirus death toll: “China is way ahead of us in deaths. You know it, and I know it.”
Grenada condemns sanctions against Venezuela and Cuba. Foreign Minister Peter David thanks Cuba, Venezuela and China for supporting the global fight against the coronavirus. 
The way they treat us Africans in China is a disgrace. Yet when  to Africa we treat them like kings. We should boycott China
Trump starts out by pointing out that the US has a much lower per capita death rate than most of Europe, calling China liars, and ripping the press for not calling China out, so this is off to a fun start
Trump on global coronavirus cases and deaths: "We're not number one, China is number one...You know, I know it, everybody knows it, but you won't report it."
#Chinamustfall we must not end here on Twitter, we must send a msg in China mall n dragon city 
The world's energy order is changing — and China is set to reap the strategic benefits “Australia's economically-demonstrated solar and wind energy resources are estimated to be 75 per cent greater than  coal, gas, oil and uranium resources."  …
Trump opens up his press conference by saying the U.S. has fewer deaths per capita than other nations, says China is way ahead in terms of death (despite the numbers)
Dr. Tedros, Dr. Tam, Greta Thunberg, Xi Jinping. They are all in this together. Greta's refusal to criticize China isn't just about emissions. It's about Chinese neo-colonialism. They are all Chinese assets.  …
Outsourcing our jobs to China should have never happened in the first place.  who don’t want to pay a living wage !Coronavirus pressures US manufacturers to bring plants home from China  …
“When people have been told from all sides that China is a menace, it’s easier to spread the idea that China has engineered a global pandemic.”  …
68 of 80 US aircrew from Doolittle raid have landed safe in China, abandoning their planes & hidden from Japanese soldiers by local resistance fighters. 
America is in decline. What happens with China afterwards is irrelevant to the point. But it is inconceivable that any country with this kind of demagogue leadership, spewing lies and encouraging social unrest is in a healthy condition? The fall of the US is painful for the world
The yellows have a new script so let us give them FACTS. As early as Jan. 27, PRRD suspended free visa for Chinese As early as Jan. 31, PRRD declared travel ban on Hubei, China wc includes Wujan. On Feb. 1, declared travel ban on whole China. Take note of the dates.
He believes he is intelligent and handsome, too. It’s too bad that his ignorance and greed is now costing lives. Just watched a 60 Minutes Australia piece about the cover-up. The world blames China AND Trump for this pandemic. 
Let's be honest. The Chinese regime didn't just invest in a joint venture with the crack addict son of the vice president--they were buying the vice president. China OWNS Joe Biden.
Weeks before American doctors and nurses were forced to re-use masks, use trash bags as PPE, and make plans to ration ventilators, Trump’s administration encouraged American manufacturers to send supplies to China — leaving our workers vulnerable on the front lines.  …
And this is why we should not deal with China: No visitors for Michael Kovrig, Michael Spavor due to COVID-19 as 500th day in Chinese prison nears  … via @nationalpost
China had 6 days to warn of a pandemic! We need to hold them accountable! RT if you agree! #ChinaMustPay Follow 
The Blockchain Service Network ( #BSN) is about to launch its national #blockchain platform in China via @coindesk and @IEEESpectrum:  
DJI donated hundreds of drones to dozens of police agencies in 22 states. The same drones have been banned by DoD for national security concerns. One mayor says: "It is clearly worth the activity and information that the drones are sending." (to China)  …
A detailed timeline of the COVID-19 outbreak including key dates tied to China's coronavirus censorship and the WHO's support of misleading information.  …
We The People Demand our United States Congress take action by Binding Resolutions,Bills,Treaties &Laws that limit Countries Belligerent or otherwise restrict/prohibit from:Buying US RealEstate,Send Their Children to US Colleges ,Ban Access to Intellectual Property. CHINA 
UK moves to drop Huawei as 5G vendor, citing China coronavirus transparency  … 
U.S. officials have reportedly launched a "full-scale investigation into whether the coronavirus "escaped" from a lab in Wuhan, China.  …
Rep. Chip Roy: Why Are Democrats More Interested In Supporting China Than Reopening American Businesses? 
China Tries to Get Wisconsin to Pass Law Praising Beijing on Coronavirus  … via @BreitbartNews. You have got to be kidding me! F China!
Preparing for a pandemic? Hardly. The U.S. sent millions of dollars worth of masks and other PPE to China in January and February.  …
If Trump decides blaming China for the pandemic is core to his re-election campaign and puts muscle behind it, could shift the equation. But so far Trump’s been careful to continue to praise President Xi.
The fact is that Joe Biden would never be tough on China, because after all his tough talk when he ran for POTUS last time, he did NOTHING but help China for 8 yrs as VP. Joe hates tariffs because it might upset China!  
International Govts are low on PPE because China banned exports of all PPE in Jan while simultaneously buying up PPE from all over the world and sending to China! It’s Common knowledge ! Even westerns owned 3M manufacturing plants in China were banned from export!
The only country in the world that can make a pandemic in which thousands die a witch hunt towards the government,it originated in China.France Spain Italy have as many if not more deaths , and shortages all over the world of PPE and equipment yet some blame only our government
Video: Tucker Carlson Methodically Explains China’s Disinfo Campaign and How the Media/Dems Have Played Along  …
China, if you’re listening maybe you can find Donald Trump’s integrity.  …
Trump Admin has been particularly troublesome for China on technology. And they don’t like the tariffs. But no focus on human rights from Trump, a big win for Beijing. And Trump pulled US out of TPP, the most important strategic balancer vs China.
Internal documents show #US sent millions of face masks to China early this year, IGNORING PANDEMIC WARNING SIGNS The move underscores the Trump administration’s FAILURE to RECOGNIZE AND PREPARE for the growing pandemic threat. #TrumpGenocide  …
Signs that the #USA is a #FailedState now: -stealing other countries resources -pirating medical supplies -thousands of dead with no health care, majority are minorities and elderly -Prez calls Armed militias against governors -Defaulting on debt to China
. @realDonaldTrump 1) you claim that you knew “all along” that it was a pandemic 2) so then why did you encourage the export of face masks and other PPE to China?  …
Do your job. Investigate for facts! @ABC @ThisWeekABC @DavidMuir @GStephanopoulos Don’t believe the brutal, repressive, religious fascist Iranian regime! #LazyJournalism Stop parroting #Ian #China #Propaganda! #FreeIran2020  …
CCP is getting impatient, trying to add more suppression on us when everyone were busy  #Coronavirus. HKHRDA could be a way to hit China! 
Glad to see this report uses " #CCPVirus" too, as well as a video I shared. Like in Wuhan, people are collapsing on streets in Harbin; China enforces emergency lockdown  …
We'd have a 10th of the deaths if Trump had acted when he was briefed in December 2019. Instead he pussyfooted around with China's president and lied repeatedly to the American people. Trump must be removed from office and stand trial for his crimes.  …
Trump praised China 15 times in January and February. While Joe Biden was warning that we shouldn’t trust them. 
President @realDonaldTrump Says He’ll End Obama-Era Funding To Chinese Lab That May Have Spawned The Coronavirus! Good I don't Trust China I don't Trust Who They've cost American & the World so many lives Investigate them & cut them off immediately!  …
Biden is China's choice, he is their dream candidate!
Mehliya Cetinkaya (14) talks about the things she doesn’t understand the issues of why people refuse to act on #Uyghurs suffering. She lists the reasons you could detain for and put in a #ConcentrationCamp in #China if you were to live in  …
February 7, 2020 Q: Are you concerned about a potential impact on the global economy?” Trump: “I think that China will do a very good job.” February 10, 2020 Trump: “I spoke with President Xi and they’re working very, very hard. And I think it’s going to all work out fine.”  …
Brexiteers...looks like it's true. UK has dumped Huawei 5G. Reputable source so I can't say I'm unhappy. Bloody delighted. U.K. just dumped China's Huawei in 5G tech roll-o  …
I talked about this too. This report quoated some of my  China revises death toll with another 1,290 dead  …
Here's the front page of tomorrow's Sunday National: Millions of masks arrive in Scotland from China ... and part three of our series on the history of the Scottish independence movement 
Important look at the backlash brewing against China's defective medical equipment, its harassment of foreigners (particularly Africans) in China, its aggressive export of conspiracy theories & its jingoistic "Wolf Warrior" diplomacy:  …
Hack Batters resorting to personal attack to criticize PMJT's policy is the furthest thing from holding the government to account. It is sleazy campaigning. Trudeau is conducting diplomacy in the world of realpolitik, where China has 45x the population and 10x the economy.  …
Brexiteers...if this is true...I'm delighted... @Cisco all the way. HUGE: The UK Just Dumped China's Huawei in 5G Tech Roll-Out — Citing its Lies Over Coronavirus. | News and Politics  …
Guinea has allegedly arrested Chinese nationals in the country and has asked Beijing to assure the safe return of her citizens from China before they are released. 
Illinois blows $17M on shoddy face masks from China  
Another report about the 3 whistleblowers who are silenced by #CCP. I shared some of their videos with English translation before. China's apprehended coronavirus whistleblowers are still silent  … via @RecIaimTheNet
Cons are like wetland frogs. Trump croaks China's to blame. Scheer croaks China. Kenney croaks China. Trump croaks annoyance w/ Fauci. Sheer croaks Tam. Kenney croaks Tam. It's okay in frogs. #COVID19
ICYMI: “It’s really the polar opposite of surveillance-focused solutions we have seen in places like China. Very government-centric solutions have serious implications for ongoing privacy.” #WeekendReads @jamiedsmith  …
> #China stopped shipment of medical supplies during #COVID19 crisis to let us kill w/ infectious disease. >Stop dependency on China supply chains. It's National Security. >It's time to bring our mfg plants home. #Trump2020 #KAG2020 #WWG1WGA 
Your daughter has coffin, body bag and voting machine patents from China- you personally owe them $600 million- I would sit this one out Donnie!
Before Martin Lee was arrested, as a member of the Basic Law Drafting Committee, he rejected suggestions that China's constitution takes primacy over #HongKong's mini-constitution. @icablenews #龍門並非任你搬 
NEW: Instead of preparing and replenishing our National Strategic Stockpile, the Trump Admin, as shown in documents I exposed, was actually encouraging the export of millions of masks and other critical PPE to China. I spoke with  …
Brutal ad by Joe Biden's campaign -- this is EXACTLY what we need. Trump and his cronies are desperately trying to turn Biden into a Beijing puppet, but the reality is that Trump has been China's fawning friend for years. If only John Kerry had been this tough against Dubya! 
"Two if by Sea." The enemy approaches by Sea. Or C? China?  …
#CCP holds Anastasia's father hostage in China, she is still fighting back.   …
Oh, look! Another reason not to buy #Starbucks coffee! Starbucks to invest $130 million for roasting plant in China's Kunshan - Reuters 
I hope everything we experienced during this pandemic has taught us something as Africans. Praying for Covid to invade us. The vaccine nonsense. Telling us we are financially incapable to survive. Now China. "Black man, you're on your own" -Steve Biko. #Chinamustfall
Miss sports? Watch #Dragonskin and relive my one season playing American football in China. #Dubsup FULL SERIES  
The democrats are now openly colluding with China .
UK moves to drop Huawei as 5G vendor, citing China coronavirus transparenc  
US sent millions of masks to China in early 2020 despite virus threat  …
"China did not allow Wuhan, Nanjing or other cities to reopen until intensive surveillance found zero new cases for 14 straight days..Compared with China or Italy,..US is still a playground." The Coronavirus in America: The Year Ahead  …
what the Government is saying about our fellow brothers who are racist victims in china, the sad part we treat them as investors, #Chinamustfall #ChinaMustPay #ChinaMustExplain @CyrilRamaphosa @Julius_S_Malema
WHO and China failed the world. Because of their lies 142+ nations tote high body counts. Thk goodness the Prez banned flights/formed cv19 grp in January against the Democrats/Repubs wishes. Glad he took the heat from these bozos or count would be worse.
[Takes a deep breath] For the millionth time, China is not paying *any* money to the USA in tariffs. I outlined the tariffs that just my small business paid - in the tens of thousands of dollars in 2019 alone. China did not pay a single cent of it.   …
“Fears and ambitions are inseparable. They explain why the Chinese Communist Party is obsessed with control—both internally and externally.” A fine weekend read by H. R. McMaster on China’s strategic aspirations, at 
#Chinamustfall I'm sure our brothers and sisters, aunts and uncles can make a good use of that china mall/city/town and this will revive our economy.....chinese must leave Africa 
China Blamed Wet Market To ‘Deflect Blame’ From Lab, DESTROYED Evidence 
US may 'hold China accountable' after investigation into COVID-19 outbreak  – report 
One man made it his mission to go to China and win a Super Bowl. That man is @DonnieDoesWorld. Watch the full Dragon Skin series here:  
ICYMI: Bill Maher took on politically correct liberals who refuse to blame China for causing the outbreak of the coronavirus, while calling anyone racist for referring to the outbreak as the "Chinese" or "Wuhan" virus. 
Blame Trump Misses the 30 years of consecutive Western governments pandering to the Chinese for market access. Who failed to react to Chinese influence in Africa, did nothing over IP theft, build up in the South China sea, did nothing to support Taiwan etc etc.  …
I don't trust China 
#China’s Sneaky Cold (Hearted) War After Coronavirus Spread the #CCP Applied for STOLEN Remdesivir Patent - They Knew THEN It Would Treat Coronavirus - See Application #CCPLiedPeopleDied #fboLoud #tcot #maga #AmericaFirst #Patriot #ycot  …
Is that the same China that’s not allowing black people to buy food? The same Cuba where people try to swim to the USA! You sure know how to scrape the bottom of a barrel ... forsure!!!
Steuart Walton knows Arkansas and he’ll work hard to ensure our state recovers from the China Virus pandemic.  …
South Korean Companies Want To Move Units From China To India; Hyundai Steel, Posco In Talks With Govt: Report  … via @swarajyamag
Whatever your opinion of the tariffs, this portrayal simply isn’t how they work. China is not “paying” the U.S.; the cost of the import tax is assumed by businesses and consumers. 
RAM coated J-31V-II appears to be testing in China. 
The mistake was reelecting Trudeau for a second term. He is beholden to China, Iran, and every other country led by a dictator who holds the power to grant him a useless temporary seat at the UN. He simply does not want to be asked tough questions. Full stop.
How much did Ivanka make on those tRump branded coffins she trademarked in China?  …
“The president is stoking anti-Asian sentiment by blaming China for the virus, and it’s encouraging a climate of hate crimes, a climate of suspicion and fear.” - Our @amarHoboken in 
The Donald is about to force the pathetic dems to choose Team China in  weeks.
Gen. Anthony Tata: Repercussions of China's coronavirus misinformation tantamount to accidentally detonating a nuclear bomb Problem is, the disinformation was NOT an accident  …
Rich get richer and the poor blame Obama and China for their own fate, with encouragement from the Right to frame it that way.
Conservatives are the same guys who sold canada out to China. Then, they missed the boat on 5G and now are stalling to keep consumers from buying a legal product... That's conservatives for you. #cdnpoli
Cuba and China will be assisting South Africa. China assisted with the supply of goods. India has created support to get medication. 180 Cuban doctors are expected in SA. SA is taking a preventative approach this the importance of Cuban doctors who are strong on PHC #Covid_19
Waiting for that one president in Africa who will realise that China needs us we don't need it. 
China’s probably pretty happy with this current guy who credits them with paying us billions of imaginary dollars.  …
Then go live in China, where there's Asian people with guns.  …
Did you realize that tiny New Jersey now has the same number of cases as Iran? And almost the same number as China or Turkey? 8.8 mil live in NJ. 82 mil live in Turkey and the same in Iran. And China has 1300 million. But let’s open up the country. @realDonaldTrump
BABY MARKET finally shut down.Yes China has been sending pregnant women here to the USA to have their baby,giving the child BIRTH RIGHT CITIZENSHIP.Then take kid back to China.Child  back to US at AGE of MAJORITY(18)or LOOSE Citizenship.  …
Here’s what can go wrong, Americans are sitting in their home under lockdown, China killed people Worldwide and China tanked our Economy! Good Job Obama!  …
Oh you poor poor entitled privileged fed up thing. You’re going to cry bc you cant malign the President MORE but you have nothing to say about all the dead from China, Italy or Spain? Or their leaders who let that happen? Hush the heck up!
It’s nothing to do with an “under- funded” NHS you moron. There’s an unprecedented Global crisis going on caused by China which has led to huge global demand for PPE. It’s a supply problem not a money problem. God help is if you are typical of academia in this country.  …
I HOPE SO @GOPLeader @senatemajldr Get it done Support Surges in House, for Republican Bill’s, to Bringing Back Supply Chains From China  … #ChinaMustPay #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChinaVirus #WuhanVirus #BuyAmerican #AmericaFirst #AmericaWorksTogether #KAG
#ICYMI: Yemen Friday Sermon by Houthi Islamic Scholar Ibrahim Al-Ubeidi: Allah Brought Coronavirus upon the West, China as Punishment for Having Passed Legislation against Hijabs; Lo and Behold, Now They Are Wearing Face Masks 
Over 1/3 of patients with COVID-19 have neurological symptoms, including acute ischemic events, impaired consciousness, and muscle injury. Congratulations to @BarrowNeuro stroke neurologist David Wang on his work from Wuhan, China in JAMA Neurology...  
If you are gonna criticize your opponent for being “too soft on China,” your resume probably shouldn’t include asking Russia to interfere in our election, and then lifting sanctions on them after they did as you asked. #TrumpsARussianAsset
The whole world must just unite against China maan #Chinamustfall 
China isn’t part of TPP. Opposing it was a win for Beijing.  …
Biden is bought & paid for by China. #BeijingBiden
Smh even w the Descendants movies, China had a few credits songs and ONE big character song knowing damn well she's the only one in 3 seperate films' cast who could sing fr (no offense to fans of the other actors but: lbr), they aggressively held her back to give others a chance
We are talking a lot those days - and rightly so - about lies, propaganda, and threats from #China. Another reason not to turn a blind eye to the arrest of at least 15 #HongKong prominent democratic fighters. Western leaders should speak loud and  …
Aid is no longer enough: China must pay Africa for pandemic damages. Written by  …
In February everybody was shouting I have the video... Now China have released the full video, everyone is at home watching it.. Hw many seasons have you watched so far
China falsely telling Arab world U.S. behind coronavirus -  - @washtimes
WILL SHARE EVERYDAY: Crazy Nancy deleted this video from her Twitter account. She wanted everyone to pack into Chinatown long after POTUS closed the BORDER TO CHINA — THE VIDEOCRAZY NANCY WANTS GONE!!! RETWEET RETWEET RETWEET 
My friend works for a  They first ordered 250,000 and ran out. Their next order of 500,000 is now on hold. They get them from China. The government there is holding on to them. I think they’re preparing for another wave. They already shut down the city of Harbin.
"Joe Biden's presidential campaign released a new ad in battleground states accusing President Trump of being soft on China...'When Trump rolled over for the Chinese, he took their word for it.'"  …
52% of Italians say that China is a friendly country. 45% say that Germany is their enemy  …
4. Even as economic globalization is partly rolled back, internationalism (in the sense of sharing medical knowledge & supplies across borders) is more important than ever. The world's two most powerful nations (USA & China) are both fumbling this.
Dangerous signs that China is using the distraction caused by coronavirus to carry out political arrests in Hong Kong. UK Government has a duty under the handover agreement to stand with them.  …
Trump needs to be held accountable for lives lost, he owns this disaster. Not the #WHO, not China this is Trump’s responsibility.  …
Has anyone ever noticed how @YouTube won’t label China propaganda like they do every other new station? 
China Just Got Caught Deleting The Evidence – It Looks Like They Are Erasing Coronavirus Research As the world suffers from this disease, many are calling on China to pay a price American leaders have drafted legislation to move our manufacturing back  …
New Biden ad accepts anti-Sino Trump framing while exposing  w/China. Wondering who will propose modern Chinese exclusion act first, Trump or Biden? 
Leftists support China over America.  …
Censorship in China doesn’t seem like just a faraway problem now. This week, I wrote at @techdirt about the NBA/China controversy and why it’s both immoral and unwise to ignore human rights abuses in other countries.  …
I hope and believe our intelligence + diplomats are taking advantage of the colossal mistake China made. China lied reflexively because that’s  do. Their lies this time will cost them the trust of the entire planet. We have a chance to flip a lot of alliances.
When Trump insisted on Friday that there must have been more people in China dead from Covid-19 than in the US, it shows how coldblooded he is towards the lives in another country. I have not heard another national leader in this world talking like such a racist asshole.
Dear #CHINA! African politicians who are your medical tourists and on your payrolls will not be able to protect you. Stop the nonsense. It won’t end well
1. China may have the most evil government of the past 50 years 2. The US Left/media would rather see people suffer than Trump policies succeed 3. The media either doesn't believe or care anymore that we can see their ridiculous hypocrisy  …
Coronavirus response: How Ted Cruz wants to 'fundamentally' change our relationship with China  by 
US sent millions of masks to China in early 2020 despite virus threat  …
Imagine if Donald Trump's son walked out of China with $1.5B? Jim Acosta would be crying and throwing sh*t at Trump. HUNTERS $BILLIONS? NOT A PEEP.
If only my king was still alive,we would be halfway to china 
This anti-China wave of news has been created by President Trump and his cabinet to deflect his poor performance. This demonstrates his growing desperation for re-election in November. We need @CBCPolitics to investigate that story. 1/2
Just think - back before the last election, a lot of people were dragging Trump for how frequently he talked about China. He specifically said “Look at what China is doing to our country?” Turns out, he was right
Actually we need to put China on them
WATCH: All the Times Joe Biden Was Right and Trump Was Wrong on Coronavirus and China  (column by 
Washington Post/Public Citizen also took a look at bill of lading data to show US ramped up exports of PPE to China earlier this year  …
“If vaccines are the only answer to the Chinese virus, then how did China beat it without a vaccine?” This is a brilliant question. Can some ask @JustinTrudeau and @fordnation for me? Neither of them is taking my calls.  …
UK moves to drop Huawei as 5G vendor, citing China's poor Coronavirus transparency Well its about time well done to the British Government for standing up to Beijing and well done to Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Excellent news for Brexit Britain.  …
Trump had been briefed repedly about the deadly  to the US. But he shipped millions of masks and PPE to China in January and February. (so he knew about the virus) Then blamed Obama for not enough masks and the WHO for not telling him.  …
With one hand, Pelosi sweeps American job creators under the rug, with the other she props up China, WHO and blames us for Covid-19 Trump ramps up pressure on Pelosi over stalemate on small business program: ‘Come back to Washington’  #FoxNews
How many did you steal this week from states like Maine, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, & anyone else who needed them but so could make @realdonaldtrump look like he "prepared" instead of shipping our supplies to China & Russia as political favors for his ineptitude & corruption?
U.S. sent millions of face masks to China early this year, ignoring pandemic warning signs - People right now, as we speak, are dying because there have been inadequate supplies of PPE.”  …
Before this poll, did you know Fauci is the one who moved the CoronaVirus research from US to China (when the work was made illegal here) and approved its budget? (evidence follows in next tweet)
Did China Just Admit the Obama Administration Funded $3.7 Mil for COVID-19 Development? - Trump Train  …
This is the video of Africans being portrayed as animals in China. Take a look for yourself. 
Let’s hope this is more than just rumours. #China/ #Huawei should never have been allowed anywhere near our #5G network in the first  …
No, China wants you to continue your  administration that has allowed them to move into a position of world influencer and global power as you have foolishly allowed us to recede. Vote @JoeBiden  …
China is Africa's largest trading partner and invests more in the continent than any other country. From trade to film, China's influence in Africa is nearly everywhere. Why—and at what cost? 
Republicans are simultaneously blaming China for unleashing a deadly Pandemic on us and also telling us this has been an overreaction and we need to open up ASAP. That’s some balancing act. @MarshaBlackburn @BillHagertyTN
Wow. The US Ambassador to the Conference on Disarmament, @USAmbCD, assumes Russia and China colluded on a missile test, purely because nobody from @mfa_russia or @mfa_china replied to his tweet, alleging they did, with a denial. 
Essential items must be made in America. It is national security, life and death! It is cheaper to have items made by slave labor in China, but Americans are willing to pay a dollar or two more. More US jobs, a secure supply chain #covid19 #coronavirus #MAGA #Trump
• 160,000+ dead • Millions infected • Millions at food banks • Global economy destroyed • Kids unable to attend school • Skyrocketing domestic abuse • Small businesses forever closed Most of this could have been avoided if China told the truth about the virus.
Are we honestly going to allow China to host the @Beijing2022 @Olympics after they set the entire world on  …
Yeah and apparently you’ve never done it. I’m told From source: 1. Geely is a  and at 11-12%, they are the majority owner of Volvo trucks. They 100% own Volvo cars. 2. The truck parts were manufactured in China. Meadows is getting to the bottom of it.  …
On GPS tomorrow, @10am & 1pm ET on @CNN: How should we view China’s role in the origin & spread of Covid-19? I’ll talk w/ @mahbubani_k & fmr US Dep. Nat’l Security Adviser Nadia Schadlow …
Apparently China needs aid DESPITE their.... **13 TRILLION DOLLAR ECONOMY** #TrudeauFoundation getting bloated? #cdnpoli #TrudeauMustGo  …
Donald Trump left our country unprepared and unprotected for the worst public health and economic crisis in our lifetime — and now we're paying the price. All while Trump was coddling China. 
If any of the naysayers of our @POTUS would do any research of their own, they would see that @realDonaldTrump has been defending us his whole life against China and trying to warn us! He's now SAVING US and some are just too blind to see!
“Many hoped that China would change  engagement after joining the WTO in 2001, but 19 years later, the  has to learn the hard way that China’s political system has not evolved in a liberal-democratic direction.”  …
the COVID-19 has taught us several lessons -- and we had better pay attention. Lesson 1: Way too many products that USA is dependent  from China. This needs to change and fast.
Republican leaders furious with Trump for blowing up their key campaign talking point before the 2020 election #Republicans locked in difficult races are  condemning China  …
It appears Italy, Spain, France, etc all got it wrong as well or perhaps it was what everyone was fed from China and WHO. Regardless who attended Cobra the risk assessment was done early and accessed as low risk based on information provided at the time. Stupid bias agenda.
If Biden won, Air China would as a courtesy shuttle him back and forth from DC to Beijing. 
Retired Air Force general and China expert @robert_spalding describes how a big US  succeeded in getting him fired off the National Security Council staff for warning about 5G and Huawei.  … #Huawei #China
U.S. manufacturers sent millions of dollars of face masks to China early this year, ignoring pandemic warning signs The export of American-made face masks and other equipment was done with encouragement from the federal government Hm...wonder who’s in charge of the Fed Govt
To clarify: As several people have pointed out, China said there was no evidence for human-to-human transmission, not that that could be ruled out. I‘m just pointing out that experts assumed from the start that h2h transmission was likely.
It’s time to re-open a large part of the country. Studies are showing far more people have had the virus than we knew originally. The mortality rate is far lower than we knew too. China must pay for concealing the truth about the virus, destroying countless lives and our economy.
 can't ship out PPE & tests they MADE IN CHINA. Boo-hoo. YOU SHOULD HAVE MADE THEM HERE, instead of putting profits before people. I have no sympathy for @3M @PerkinElmer @generalelectric @emoryhealthcare. And China says OUR products are best!  …
As part of its Covid-19 cold war escalations, the U.S. is moving to default on its debts to China. This will make Beijing sell off U.S. treasuries, which could destroy the U.S. public debt market and greatly undermine the position of the dollar. Imperialism continues to collapse.
New from the @washingtonpost: The Trump administration was ACTIVELY ENCOURAGING U.S. manufacturers to sell PPE and ventilators to China as late as March -- even though there were clear signs that they would be desperately needed in America:  …
Stop lying! You won’t even pass a bill to help Americans & businesses! Why don’t you show how you made hundreds of millions of dollars! Move to China! #Fraud #Selfish #Evil #WakeUpLiberalsNancy h@tes us all, wants a raise, & America to fail! @POTUS 
The revision of the foreign direct investment policy to prevent opportunistic takeovers also follows China’s central bank buying a 1.01% stake in HDFC in the first quarter of 2020.  …
"Seeing a bright side" in China: High school seniors reveal signs of COVID recovery. 
China Tries (and Fails) to Get Wisconsin to Pass Law Praising Beijing on Coronavirus The Chinese Communist Party’s outrageous effort to pressure the legislature of Wisconsin …  
China falsely telling Arab world U.S. behind coronavirus -  - @washtimes
Joe Biden’s Son, Hunter, Reportedly Invested in Chinese App That Spies on Muslims as US Condemns China Over ‘Concentration Camps’  …
China wants to see Trump reelected Russia wants to see Trump reelected ISIS wants to see Trump reelected N-Korea wants to see Trump reelected What do they have  They all benefit from a weaker America.
UNVERIFIED #Uyghur prisoners give a performance for prison guards during Chinese New Year 2020 Even though faces are blurred, the Uyghur  through when they sing & there’s an image of Uyghur-style dancing Location:Zhuzhou Hunan,China Source:  
Encouraged by the federal government, U.S. manufacturers shipped millions of dollars of face masks and medical protective equipment to China in January and February, underscoring Trump's failure to recognize and prepare for the growing pandemic threat.  …
She’s Not Speaking For You – How Much Do The Pelosi’s Have Invested In China?  …
Right. Sis took a break from Disney and Disney saw they was gettin WACK so they called the good sis China up as Uma. QUEEN TINGZ ONLY
#RejectedNetflixShows This is a real one: On the left is Nazi Propaganda movie “Theresienstadt” from 1944,defending concentration camps. On the right, China propaganda defending Uyghur concentration camps Why such lack of originality? 
In China, it is acceptable to walk into an IKEA store to relax and take a nap.
“At the very time that Trump is having his first press conference with his coronavirus team, his administration is hawking the vital medical supplies under the title, ‘Covid-19 to China.’ ”  …
If #China does not voluntarily allow US, UK, & French investigators into #Wuhan, the Trio should move to restrict the movement of Chinese diplomats & assets worldwide. This coercive action is necessary to force transparency; all nations need true info to protect their  …
Just for the record (because the question  up): I don‘t think many - if any - real experts were convinced in early January that there was no human-to-human transmission of #SARSCoV2 just because China said so.
NEW: Analysis of US exports show that US manufacturers sent massive amounts of masks, ventilators & protective garments to China in February, as #coronavirus started spreading in the US. #DemCast  
China Joe lied...He said he was going to pick a woman to be his Vice President.  …
China owns Joe Biden!!
Scoop: As a deadly pandemic advanced on America in Jan and Feb, U.S. firms shipped millions of $$in face masks and protective medical gear to China -- at urging of federal officials. @eilperin @JStein_WaPo @desmondbutler @thamburger and @andrewvandam 
60s China during the Mao Regime... China's poverty rate was higher than some African countries. They died during the Chinese famine. But the people fought on, built their country and became a powerhouse. The only thing that must fall here is Gucci Africans. #Chinamustfall
China raises number of Wuhan coronavirus fatalities by 50%, confirming that Beijing suppressed data to push narrative of defeat against virus. Why is China on a U.N. panel that will play a central role in choosing the U.N. monitor on the right to health?  …
When the world is busy tackling #coronavirus pandemic caused by oppression on people in China, CCP is escalating the oppression on HKers 
BREAKING: While Trump was praising China's coronavirus response and failing to prepare our country, his administration was encouraging American manufacturers to sell millions of dollars in face masks and other PPE to China.  …
Canada is pissed as hell at China and WHO for all the preventable deaths. How much was #tedros paid to encourage Canada to let in flights from China? #ChinaMustPay  …
It’s true that we shouldn’t trust anything China tells us. What’s wild is Republicans know that, yet blindly trust Trump— who openly admits he wishes he could get away with lying to us as easily as Xi lies to his people, and attacks the media that (sometimes) tries to stop him.
U.S. sent millions of face masks to China early this year, ignoring pandemic warning signs - The Washington Post  …
Socialism. Big Brother whatever you want to call it..this is America, not China. Not Venezuela. You will not force us to spy on each other and report it to government.  …
U.S. manufacturers shipped millions of dollars of face masks and other protective medical equipment to China in January and February with encouragement from the federal government. The move underscores the Trump admin's failure to prepare for the pandemic.  …
Democrat Senator Murphy: We’re Not In Crisis ‘Because Of Anything That China Did’ (VIDEO) 
Ruins of the tomb of a Tangut emperor, who founded a multiethnic kingdom centered in Ningxia/NW China in the 11th c. The royal cemetery is applying to be listed in 2021 as a Unesco World Heritage site. I hope it will succeed. Here, an old thread from last year: #WorldHeritageDay  
A Wash. Post review of economic data and internal government documents has found.U.S. sent millions of face masks to China in January & February. Still want us to believe Trump was taking the virus seriously? #FailureInLeadership #wtpTEAM #wtp2020  …
China PERSONALLY informed Johnson and other leaders the seriousness of the virus on its way. Over the last 6 years @Conservatives cutbacks led to a 40% reduction in PPE and other stocks. Operation Cygnus in 2016 warned lack of PPE etc, @BorisJohnson has screwed up BIG TIME!
For #70days Trump ignored OUR intelligence and experts, instead he parroted Chinese propaganda and did nothing to get prepare US for COVID-19 At same time Trump was shouting Chinese slogans, Biden was publicly begging him to do something: should have listened to Biden not China.
Is it any wonder that the Chinese disrespected Obama upon  a very lame duck? His last state visit to China has a whole other spin after seeing all the racism spilling out from behind the Chinese Wall.  …
We start by burning China malls on Monday 
Yes!!!! China was one of the few that’s actually vocally trainer yet Disney kept her in the back.
Why China must pay. #coronavirus  …
U.S. firms shipped millions of dollars of face masks and other protective medical gear to China in January and February with encouragement from federal officials, per a Post analysis. By @eilperin @JStein_WaPo @desmondbutler @thamburger and 
China has raised its official coronavirus death toll in the city of Wuhan by 50%. My thoughts on Sky News this morning... 
Gen. Anthony Tata: Repercussions of China's coronavirus misinformation tantamount to accidentally detonating a nuclear bomb  …
China can have Sleepy Creepy Joe (Hidin’ Biden), just not as POTUS Buy American , bye Chy-Nuh President @realDonaldTrump is the the choice for Freedom Loving Americans in November Drain More Swamp! Trump2020 MAGA KAG  
U.S. manufacturers sent millions of dollars of face masks to China early this year, ignoring pandemic warning signs  …
China, in the midst of spreading a global pandemic and suffering its first quarter of economic decline since records began, clearly has other priorities.  …
 is the WHO in China’s coronavirus cover-up?  …
Economist Danielle DiMartino Booth calls what China has done with #coronavirus an act of war, and more on #job #employment as well 
Breaking: in order to restore international confidence, #China reveals new public relations czar 
Joe Biden would tear up Trumps new Trade deal with China Then he’d let China write one that he would sign
China knows that Biden will give them what they want. It is the easiest way for them to  more powerful than us.
After #ChinaLiedPeopleDied, now the products from China are used with possible backdoor to security and privacy. Comerical distancing with China shall apply immediately. #BoycottChina to #MakeChinaPay
A clarification only for those who didn’t see   overlooked it like it is the case with the #EU countries, which are now faced with a fait  Next shocker is the #Dragonbear (China + Russia) versus the #US in a new bipolar world. #Geopolitics  …
This German news channel regularly spits venom via fake news, just like most other Western news outlets. But of course, we must hate China and West is our trusted ally.  …
Ivanka Trump-Kleptomaniac got 16 patents from China in 29 days while you were negotiating with them. Including voting machines and coffins ... But .. Hunter Biden. What happened to Jared? Botox and plastic surgery. 
The pandemic is on a ReOutbreak china and USA numbers Rise. We might get more days. Mark the tweet
You know what'd be REALLY amazing? If someone just so happened to uncover  between democrats and china, where dems promised to repeal ALL Trump's policies, restoring the OLD GUARD. Even more interesting, the agreements China has made in return for that favor. Mr. Barr
Joe Biden would be the dream President for China. They'd get away with the coronavirus without any accountability. Look at all the connections Joe has to China. Look at what Hunter did in China. Anyone who knows the truth about #BeijingBiden will never vote for him!
One more note about conspiracy theories: Whether our enemy is Communist China or the CIA or the Deep State or George Soros or Bill Gates or the Hollywood Elite or the Illuminati or whoever, God still sits on His throne and Jesus still is Lord and that's what I will focus on.
China doesn't pay the tariffs, dummy.  pay them.
TRUMP, 2/25: China is “working very, very hard” to contain coronavirus and “they’re getting it more and more under control.” BIDEN 2/26: “I would not be taking China’s word for it.”
“If Xi continues on this trajectory, eroding the foundations of China’s economic and political power and monopolizing responsibility and control, he will expose the CCP to cataclysmic change.” 
Bill Gates loves China!  …
Editor-in-chief @jreichelt of Germany’s largest paper @bild tells China's president: "You are endangering the world." cc: @ChinaEmbGermany My latest  …
. GLOBALISM WATCH - WHISTLEBLOWER CONFIRMS that W.H.O. LIED on BEHALF of CHINA WHO official says she suspected human-to-human transmission ‘right from the start’ — but the WHO repeated China’s lies for weeks saying the opposite . END the WHO  …
I almost tweeted MABAHAMBE then thought of all my cheap things at China mall #Chinamustfall
"U.S. manufacturers shipped millions of dollars of face masks & other [PPE] to China in Jan. & Feb. with encouragement from the federal gov't... The move underscores the Trump admin's failure to recognize & prepare for the growing pandemic threat."  …
China wants Sleepy Joe sooo badly. They want all of those billions of dollars that they have been paying to the U.S. back, and much more. Joe is an easy mark, their DREAM CANDIDATE!  …
Despite intel agencies warning about the growing #COVID19 risk in January and February, U.S. manufacturers were still encouraged by federal government to ship masks to China. Now, 90% of U.S. mayors say they're facing a shortage of masks.  …
For those of you who say England is just as racist as China. I don’t know how many of these videos I need to tweet to persuade you that racism in China is far more serious. On a different planet altogether.  …
Canadian Conservatives have started a smear campaign against our @CPHO_Canada Dr. Tam, often with racist and sexist undertones and false allegations of a conspiracy with China. Please share widely and retweet with #IStandWithDrTam to keep this 
China (Hong Kong): Martin Lee, founder of the Democratic Party (Liberal, Pro-Democracy), has been arrested along with 14 other people for organizing and taking part in last year’s unauthorized pro-democracy protests. Lee is known locally as the “Father of Democracy”. #HongKong
Joe Biden’s campaign released a new digital ad in key battleground states meant to counter Trump’s efforts to portray him as soft on China. The ad is part of a coordinated response aiming to highlight Trump’s slow response to the coronavirus pandemic.  …
Step off #ChiComs! We've had enough of your #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChinaVirus China Tries (and Fails) to Get Wisconsin to Pass Law Praising Beijing on Coronavirus  …
Monstrous tyranny #CCP has killed #HongKong’s freedom. As repulsive as it seems, #Beijing is having a field day. Arresting 15 prominent figures, their message to HK & USis clear: they control HK, and no one can interfere. US must now revoke HK’s Special Status, sanction #China. 
In one year: •China tried to kill democracy in Hong Kong. •China put 2 million Muslims into genocidal camps. •China caused the most significant pandemic in 100 years. •China is now scapegoating blacks for their crisis. That's China, in just a year. Where's the outrage?  …
didn't china buy drudge and why is anyone still reading anything there
The same guy who took away money for his sick baby grandnephew’s health insurance. The same guy who praised China killing their own people:  …
Not only is china buying huge agro-productive lands in Africa, China is also giving it's citizens incentives to move to Africa and occupy those lands. 
In  with China, the challenge for the US is to articulate a positive alternate vision that other democracies can get behind. Warnings are not enough. This vision is largely absent from this piece by Trump’s former NSA HR McMaster  …
U.S. sent millions of face masks to China early this year, ignoring pandemic warning signs  …
Who closed the travel to China when everyone else called him racist for it? If anyone was downplaying it, it was the media and the Dems who parroted that talking point ad nauseam Keep watching sir. My  would be to watch his actual press conferences not the media
Was it on this trip Harper sold Canada down the river with his secret FIPA deal with China ... or was that another trip to bootlick China? Maybe ohTool or Helicopter MacKay can recollect. They seem to be emersed in China these days. @ErinOTooleMP  …
: Locks down country under strict quarantine : China is so authoritarian : Sits on hands for months until last possible moment to implement control measures : Protesting to open country after just few weeks : Why are China’s deaths so much lower than us? Must be lying
A Vicious Euthanasia mentality is sweeping the world in the midst of the pandemic. The non- #Covid19 sick can't get medical care to keep the hospitals free and the elderly are dying alone at home in France & Spain, shovelled into ovens while still alive in China, and in the U.S.!  …
Frau Kayleigh has nothing to say that we haven't heard. She's a pawn. If  out and tells us why Trump sold 60 million dollars worth of ventilators to China in Feb instead of warning us, I'll tune in for 3 minutes.  …
China is feeling the heat as the US now turns off funding to WHO. Says, they're "seriously concerned." Yeah, they should be...  …
Greenland Australia, a Sydney-based Chinese-owned property  has admitted that “in late January and early February” it was directed by its Shanghai-based parent to buy and ship huge quantities of medical supplies from Australia to China. Spies in Australia?
Trump is a mass murderer: New reporting reveals that White House officials were embedded with @WHO in Geneva when China disclosed the spread of #coronavirus last  …
While @JoeBiden was sounding the alarm about the coronavirus, Trump was coddling China —-> 
“On Feb. 26 . . . the Commerce Department published a flier titled ‘CS China COVID Procurement Service,’ guiding American firms on how to sell ‘critical medical products’ to China and Hong Kong through Beijing’s fast-tracked sales process.”  …
Just when you thought you couldn’t hold a lower opinion of China.  …
Urgently important thread about what the #China regime is doing in #HK in the last few hours. Including the arrest of the most prominent democracy activists. Terrible  …
If @JayInslee decides to use drones the Communist Party of China has sent us in order to enforce his diktats, I will personally buy several drones and film him at his house and governor's mansion. Anyone willing to cover a shift? 24/7 surveillance of Inslee?
I absolutely do not understand why the CBC is pursuing the anti-WHO, pro-Trump, anti-China coverage. So, the Chinese increased their COVID-19 death toll by 50%. What is this, a lowest  Ghoulish. /2 #cdnpoli @CBCNews @CBCOmbud
A smart observer will say “China has always had a history of racism” - that is true, but that is pure Han Supremacy But, the entrenched idea is that Yt foreigners in China *deserve* more privileges than Black foreigners (as seen in the video) - the difference is Yt Supremacy 
New ad: Trump praised China's coronavirus response while refusing to mount the one we needed at home. Now the outbreak is the worst public health and economic crisis of our lifetimes. Joe Biden warned him not to take their word.  
WATCH: All the Times Joe Biden Was Right and Trump Was Wrong on Coronavirus and China  
NEW: U.S. firms shipped millions of dollars of face masks and other protective medical gear to China in January and February with encouragement from federal firms, per a Post analysis & gov docs. W/ @JStein_WaPo @desmondbutler @thamburger and 
EM outflows have increased to multi-year highs across equity and debt. China saw $3BN 6-week moving average outflows #stocks #markets #economy #investing 
Monstrous tyranny #CCP has killed #HongKong’s freedom. As repulsive as it seems, #Beijing is having a field day. Arresting 15 prominent figures, their message to HK & USis clear: they control HK, and no one can interfere. US must now revoke HK’s Special Status, sanction #China. 
Rosemary Gibson, health care expert at Hastings Center cites if “China shut the door on exports of medicines and their key ingredients & raw materials, U.S. hospitals and military hospitals and clinics would cease to function within months, if not days.” So keep on China bashing
Trump and then his sons and daughter are going to make America the #1 superpower itw by 2027 ahead of Russia and China 
Coronavirus: China's Great Cover-up:  …
China can’t take advantage of COVID distress & buy Indian assets cheap; Govt amends FDI policy for countries which have land borders with India(& that includes China)  …
State-enforced anti-Black racism is a predictable reaction to the loss of China’s power. To “regain” this lost power, you find an enemy - and Europe and America have taught China *who* best to villainize Thus, the legacy of White Supremacy intersects with the CCP’s Han Supremacy 
Treacherous Nancy Pelosi is defending the actions of the Central People's Government of China by vehemently criticizing the POTUS for suggesting their actions contributed to the significant impact of COVID-19 on the USA.
Thank you Speaker Pelosi for standing with Hong Kong. 1C2S is definitely dead now & #HKHRDA must be implemented now. Sanctions must be made for their evil regime/oppression of HKers & don't forget to hold China accountable for the spread of 
Lawd have mercy I had a family  at me this morning and found a way to blame Obama for this outbreak saying he paid China to make it in a lab so @BillGates and @BarackObama could microchip people in a vaccine. They should be paying someone for an ignorance vaccine.
BYE BYE, XI: Japan starts ‘Mass Manufacturing Exodus’ from China following #Coronavirus pandemic.  … via @Politicalite
Need more evidence that China is trying to use the #coronavirus pandemic to advance their agenda? Look no further than Hong Kong where those fighting for democracy are being rounded up while the world is distracted by this pandemic. Where will this  …
The casual acceptance by @jmartNYT and @maggieNYT that a cynical, unjustified anti-China campaign that would stoke racism, xenophobia and hate crimes is a legitimate political “strategy”—and not an outrage—is normalization at its worst:  … SHAME FFS
The former vice president's 2020 campaign is highlighting President Trump's repeated praise for China. 
Taiwan isn't China's. Neither is Tibet or Hong Kong. The reckoning  #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChineseVirus
Chilling about #China's Communist Party coverup of #coronavirus in January when failed to tell the world and allowed pandemic to develop is that two Chinese journalists who tried to expose that scandal still "disappeared" by #XiJinping worst dictator since Mao #COVID19 #CCP  …
Paul McCartney sold his Soul to Fucking China  …
"How beautiful are the deeds of Yu! Far reaching are the effects of his bright virtue! If not for Yu we would have  fish!" Praise for China's mythical founding father (6th century BC)
They're actually under counting them. Those dying in Assisted Living facilities are not included. Kinda what China did in not being truthful about their numbers. Regardless 38 THOUSAND in 7 weeks confirmed cases is massive and heart breaking. Just Imagine the losses by November
US virologists said creating chimera viruses was dangerous & created a moratorium making it illegal, FAUCI/OBAMA broke the law, & outsourced the research of CHIMERA to Wuhan China for 3.7 MILLION $$research grant! FAUCI, OBAMA, CDC, WHO, GATES, NIH are criminals. HEMP OR LEAD.
The thing is, nobody asked him to say all these things about China. He wasn't answering a question. Throughout the early stages of Coronavirus, as scientists were trying to get China to share accurate data, Trump kept undermining these efforts by cheering China's response.  …
Why is it that all the non-medical masks available on @amazon are made in #China!? #ChinaLiedPeopleDied, and I WILL NOT buy from China! @JeffBezos Give #AmericanMade suppliers PRIORITY!!! #AmericaFirst! @realDonaldTrump Please keep Chinese made GARBAGE out of #AMERICA!
- Trump bans flights from China. Dems call him racist. - Trump initiates European travel restrictions. Dems call him xenophobic. - Trump mentions Hydroxycholorquine as a promising treatment option. Dems scream foul. Who's rooting for America and who's rooting for the virus?
China is lying and we are inflating our numbers!
Those Volvo Trucks (a  are manufactured right here in the U S of A, Bobby D. Nothing to do with China.
Who wants to ship Nancy Pelosi to China?
The good China  …
Lol. China has always been xenophobic. They’re literally famous for it. It’s their brand  …
Your PM and Government had to dragged into action, yes China have questions to answer but the Government’s strategy is abject. Many lives lost because of inaction.
'Claim That Covid-19 Came From Lab In China Completely Unfounded Scientists Say' 
YOU SOLD OUT OUR COUNTRY TO CHINA. YOU FIX IT!
THE RIGHT: Don't believe China's phony propaganda. ALSO THE RIGHT: Now here's some phony Russian propaganda.  …
BUT: In private, Trump is venting about China. When @SenKevinCramer on Thurs reminded him the hard-hit @SmithfieldFoods plant in Siouxland is owned by a Chinese conglomerate, Trump told him: “I’m getting tired of China”
NY Times: Coronavirus has created a wave of xenophobia…inside China  …
Oh hell no. Drones from DGI based in China. @HawleyMO please investigate this 
China tryna figure out what Big Truzz Means when Trump fires up that Tweet 
Russia's sham #Donetsk republic pretends pic from #Wuhan in #China is one of their hospitals. Mind you, those pesky #Ukrainian "Separatists" (from eastern Russia) do look a little Chinese. #Donbas 
End all business with China. Bring industry and jobs back to America. This video is disturbing. 
. @JoeBiden's campaign continues to ramp up attacks against Trump on China accusing him of leaving the U.S. "unprepared & unprotected" from COVID-19 in a new digital ad. It marks their first targeted ad campaign in battlegrounds of AZ, FL, MI, NC, PA & WI.  …
Watch our new ad blasting Trump for praising China's coronavirus response while refusing to mount the one we needed at home. Now the outbreak is the worst public health and economic crisis of our lifetimes. Joe Biden warned him not to take their word.  …
Okay guys , I sell lashes & bundles pls support, we have free shipping to anywhere in the U.S , YES we ship during the pandemic. No our products are not from China. Expected time to get ur product is 2-3 business days. 
A virus from China.  …
The day has ended #Notoracism #RacistChina until tomorrow. Tomorrow I will go Live . We have to get to the bottom of this #China #RacismFromChina #weekend is here #We are not free until #Chinese Stop violence against Black 
McDonald’s apologizes after one of its branches in China displayed a sign saying that “black people are not allowed to enter.” 
“US explores possibility that coronavirus spread started in Chinese lab, not a market US intelligence officials are investigating is that the virus originated in a laboratory in Wuhan, China, and was accidentally released to the public.” via  …
Why do people still travel to black hating racistm filled China?  …
#Biden2020 is the pseudo-liberal version of #Trump2020 - both promise more genocidal economic siege, dirty war and crippling, jealous obsessions with China and Russia.  …
Unlike GOP hawks, Trump has never wanted to confront China over their conduct. He just wants to make more money off them. This has led to years of courting + flattery, starting w Xi enjoying “the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake you’ve ever seen” at Mar-a-Lago
I reported that the FBI continues to battle a massive spike in  from China.  …
'Cold War 2.0' With China is Upon Us  …
This virus was most likely here in the fall... I would start a task force on what vitamins can help fight the virus naturally. The Cure is not importing food from China.
This is urgent, China MUST fall first, we will deal with internal issues later. We can't be quite about what is currently happening in that country towards fellow Africans. Now we are blamed for the virus because of the colour of our skin? Disgusting 
Why are they raising money for a corrupt organization that does China's bidding?  …
The Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI), which monitors TV and social media in the Arab world, focused on a March 17 broadcast of “China View” on Beijing’s Global Television Network Arabic (CGTN), which overall has 14 million viewers.  …
Total Cases Of Coronavirus ( 1st March to 18th April ) | Coronavirus Bar Chart Race – USA Surpass 700k Cases – Turkey Surpass China and Iran – India Surpass 15.7k cases #COVIDー19 #Covid_19 
It’s good if China's Taiwan did well in the prevention & control of #COVID19, but no need to exaggerate. Other 18 provincial-level regions in China, which are even closer to Wuhan & some of which are larger & more crowded than Taiwan, report less confirmed cases than the latter. 
20 years ago we’d be sat in the local waiting for the bus to pick us up and take us to Gatecrasher or somewhere. Tonight I’m laid in the bath reading about the geopolitical landscape of China. Where did it all go wrong.
As it turns out, BBI is a project of China to keep the friendly Uhuru in power past 2022. Raila will be  for their role in manipulation of the constitution. BBI money came from China & even if Covid-19 annihilate the country, the 20B will remain intact.
Turkey: World's 8th Highest of Number #COVID19 Cases Cases 82,329 | Deaths 1,890 | Fatality Rate 2.3% Turkey will surpass China tomorrow
China mall Nd their stores must be shut  in SA Nd they must be evacuated from our country please Nathi we dnt want them here 
Finally China is trending for all the bad things they’re doing to our African people 
Spain: Government recalls hundreds of thousands of defective facemasks made in China  
#Chinamustfall finally y'all are back to your senses.. we need to boycott all china towns, china city, china anything.. These ppl must leave our khantri effective immediately. An eye for an eye, they must go. If u buy from them u go with them 
UCLA Professor Stole Missile Secrets for China, Faces 219 Years in Prison  …
It’s California trying to be China.
Today's decision on not allowing the automatic route for FDI from China is a historic  almost 22 years after George Fernandes' prescient statement. Let us raise a toast to the great, the one and only one George Fernandes and dedicate today's decision to him.
Not just that, in a superb Parthian shot from George Fernandes barely a few days after General Fu left India, George declared China to be India ’s potential "threat number one".
But like lightning which  thunder, history has shown that the Chinese indulged in sneaky tactics to gain leverage, or anchor dominance before such visits and talks. This time George Fernandes turned the tables by deriding the Pak's missile firing and bringing in China
The other problem: Trump slathered China with praise in when it mattered!   …
Without supplying evidence, Trump says China has more coronavirus deaths than the U.S. Just as his inaugural crowd MUST HAVE BEEN larger than Obama's, or that hurricane MUST HAVE been headed for Alabama. SAY... has anyone seen Drumpf's SHARPIES? 
Happy #Caturday, everyone! Since arriving in Japan aboard ships transporting sacred Buddhist scriptures from China in the mid-sixth century, cats have proceeded to purr and paw their way into the heart of Japanese life, folklore, and art. 
This 4-year-old #driver is racing to  a social media #sensation #China 
#Chinamustfall but guys what is happening to our African people in China can not be tolerated, it's Rubbish and thuggish behavior, Insane racism at its best *sad 
President Uhuru sold our Country's dignity to China 
Fuck China  …
From now on I will call it the #ChineseVirus I will no longer call it anything else, but where it was originated from and that’s China, hence the appropriate name: The Chinese virus
Kenapa x fokus on Italy or other country yg affected teruk psl covid19 ni? Kenapa Malaysia? Kenapa datang time2 everything is under control sedangkan China pun msh ada kes lagi. Sorry i just dont trust them. Remember where the outbreak started people.
My wife, who is an all-star for a provincial health organization in China, is now receiving the majority of her salary in Groupons. They have an expiration date and there are limited events where she can spend them. This was a very recent change.
"When The Sun Goes Down" wasn't an awful album for Miss Gomez, but like... China Anne McClain was RIGHT THERE & Disney did not appear to push their work equally hard to radio once it was recorded hmm...
Chinese Proverb: If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow. ❖ Chinese Proverbs #Quotes
They climbed up to rank 8!!! Omg Thank you ZS fans in China, you guys always work so hard for our boys  …
Calif. Gov. Newsom signs billion-dollar contract to buy masks from Chinese manufacturer with troubled record -  Looks like California is already a province of Communist China
OH YES!! HOLD CHINA ACCOUNTABLE!! Ted Cruz introducing legislation to hold China accountable for hiding and suppressing public health information about the #coronavirus that has endangered the lives of millions across the 
6. Can think of two explanations for why Trump/CDC didn’t mandate masks after **China mandated mask use in public in January**: 1.  because Trump failed to stock up on masks 2. They wanted virus to spread/people to develop “immunity” 
It only took a few coronavirus cases among African immigrants for China to fully embrace apartheid. I fear the discussion around flights into Heathrow, which scientists say pose minimal threat, will have a similar effect here. Already seeing tweets equating migrants to the virus.
Schiff tells @DavidCornDC the House  is investigating "When did the  first start reporting" on COVID? "What did they first observe going in in China? When did it first make its way into the President’s Daily Briefing?" 
Its Saturday April 18 and here is what we know: China wrecked our economy with 'coronavirus'. Dem's helped. MSM helped.
I am so happy today ! on 23rd march I had tagged PMO with a request to bring ordinance to stop take over of any Indian industry by any country !Its all China money floating for take overs ! Wish Carona Warriors Protection Ordinance  ! @PMOIndia @HMOIndia @rsprasad
In February the WHO was criticising countries for placing travel restrictions on people from China. In January the WHO said there was no human-to-human transmission of the virus. Stop rewriting history.
With China's economy on life support, it's time to turn off the ventilator  … via @nypost
I have the belief that Joe Biden and most Democratic Party leadership are okay with us continuing to be dependent on China and that he doesn’t see that government as a threat to us and to our planet. Am I mistaken?
Good thing we aren't blaming China. I wouldn't want them to get blamed for like not sharing data, biologic samples, restricting medical supply exports, arresting Hong Kong democracy advocates, threatening Taiwan, or annexing the South China Sea. Be nice to them guys
Vietnam says that China is mislabeling products as Vietnamese to avoid U.S. tariffs #Vietnam #China 
Why is Lebron so quiet about this? Africans in China: ‘You Can’t Go Out on the Street if You Are Black’  …
I find it ironic that it was China who (allegedly) gave us the Covid 19 virus and yet we are relying on them for PPE equipment. Why cannot we just make the stuff in the Uk? #musings
Taiwan accuses W.H.O. of deleting recent references to "Taiwan" on its web site in a political move to support mainland China in its pandemic actions.  … #coronavirus
"Modi has been on a crusade to end the coronavirus in India. Why is coronavirus being ethnically cleansed by Hindutva ideology? Just because coronavirus is from China? This man is a genocidal fascist and he must be stopped." - Arundhati Roy  …
In a year when China repeatedly threatened and insulted Canada, the Trudeau government gave the  regime millions in aid money.  …
How Jordan Brand paid China to spread Coronavirus so Bron wouldn't get #4 Thread: 
First, they cover up the virus data. Then blame foreigners and blacks and stir up racism. Then they take away freedom. China is not a responsible member of a civilized world.  …
Senior Advocate Sidharth Luthra Hails FDI Policy Change, Calls It 'Imperative'. Senior Advocate Harish Salve On FDI Policy Change: 'China To Be Under Watchful Eye Of The World'. The step taken well in time by the government should be lauded. 
The Democrats & the evil fake news hoaxed America with collusion, then the border, then Kavanaugh, and we thought they peaked with the Ukraine hoax, but they're doing precisely what POTUS said they'd do, and are HOAXING the USA over the WuWHO virus that came from China!
It is clear now. Communism in America has arrived. Now way out of social distancing violations especially if  accross a raging liberal lunatic with a phone or China drones yelling at you from the sky. @NYCMayor pushes fear as new  …
An diehard Indian 'Republic' deshbhakt... Uses a chinese phone.. Uses chinese lights on Diwali.. Wears a made in china chaddi.. Visits China made #StatueOfUnity and then Cheers for an FDI amendment...and feels proud enough to trend #IndiaCheckmatesChina
I haven't said much about Anthony Fauci....but headlines today are saying he doesn't 'feel confident at all' about China's coronavirus data. Really? Has he been watching sports all this time? Oh wait....we don't have any.
On Evacuation Kenya's government is still wondering how to spell e.v.a.c.u.a.t.i.o.n yet some of the approximately 3000 Kenyans in China are desperately waiting for Kenya's help. Germany's government evacuated 200,000 German citizens in 20 days from all over the world. 200,000! 
This is your daily reminder that #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied The number of reported #COVID deaths in Belgium (5,453) is now higher than reported deaths in China (4,632). Belgium has a population of 11.5 million. China has a population of 1.4 BILLION. 
If you think you are having a bad day, watch this! Wonder if the shelving is made in China? —-Add me if you haven’t! 
100% of high blood pressure  from China. This should worry every living Black person. That medication in the hands of those racist. Yikes.
Meet American chemist Charles Lieber, who was arrested for illegal dealings with China and has connections to  …
We must start manufacturing our own products. China Can Not Be Trusted Ever!Coronavirus pressures US manufacturers to bring plants home from China  #FoxBusiness
ICYMI: @LouDobbs @FoxBusiness US investigating China's possible cover-up of where coronavirus came from |  …
China reports 27 new confirmed cases of COVID-19 
China Impressed By Michigan Governor's Totalitarian Policies 
Is there even one #publichealth expert in the world, outside of the China-influenced @WHO, who seriously believes China has had only 4,632 COVID19 deaths, as they are reporting currently? It is almost an insult to logic. The lack of #CCP transparency is concerning--and telling.
President @realDonaldTrump announced that the U.S. will halt all funding for the W.H.O. after its role in severely mismanaging and covering up the spread of Coronavirus. @TGowdySC joins the show detailing how we can hold China and the W.H.O. accountable, tonight. #FoxNews 8PM 
Highlights of @BryanDeanWright's interview with @TuckerCarlson: “We’ve all lived in a country for the past 30 yrs that has been sold out to the Chinese government. We were promised in the late 1990s that China goes into the WTO and we would all benefit. That didn’t take place.
China just admitted coronavirus death toll in Wuhan was 50% higher than reported  By 
Amen! President Trump is not only having to take on the problems here in the U.S. but he has had to clean up after China and assist the rest of the world in this pandemic! #COVID19  …
Coronavirus: ANC calls on Communist Party of China to act swiftly on alleged ill-treatment of African nationals | @ntwaagae  
Science--the January 24 article in the Lancet--and anecdotal evidence suggest the #coronavirus escaped from the #Wuhan lab. And if there is no "hard evidence" yet, it is only because #China has been suppressing research papers and barring foreign scientists from investigating.  …
Even if China underestimated fatalities, so what? China gave the US plenty of time to prepare. Trump failed to do so. End of story.  …
China is lying. But here in the US we don't even have the capacity to know our true situation.
&Americans will be trying to figure out how to eat,pay bills &survive as you hold your daily propaganda rallies to feed your insatiable ego. You wasted precious time to protect your deal w China & have endangered the American people. #TrumpLiesAmericansDie  …
NEW: With Trump’s numbers dropping and vulnerable Republican senators badly outraised in Q1, the GOP is moving toward a Blame China strategy.  Trump himself is torn on China w @maggieNYT  …
MSM idiots say Trump wasted 70 days not preparing for CV19 How the F’k did  up with this? 1/14/20 WHO: No human to human transmission 2 wks later Trump bans China travel anyway 2/29/20 Fauci: Safe to go everywhere 2 wks later Trump bans Europe travel anyway WTF?? 
The China Communist Party, however, doesn’t have a tradition of doing this, not just on public health, but on so many other issues. They are not transparent. Why is this? [4/5] #CCP #coronavirus
NEW: The Chinese government’s rule by fear endangers Chinese citizens—and the world. Watch MLI's latest video explaining the joint open letter signed by well over 100 China experts, academics, and politicians. @brianleecrowley #cdnpoli #COVID19  …
Without revealing sources or methods, I’ll say I agree with this @washingtonpost writer that all of us, but in particular our media, should be very skeptical of the  out of #China and remind readers of its questionable accuracy. [2/5]  …
Following Rahul ji's path, I also demand that China investment restrictions should be credited by Modiji to my tweet, which was 8 hours before his. 
Lawmakers introduce bill that would let Americans sue China over 'Wuhan Virus'  … via @nypost
The Mask Wedgie by China 
This is Communism. They want you reporting your friends, neighbors and local businesses. If you participate in this, you should have your citizenship taken and then we ship your ass to China. Democrats are a stain on this country.  …
#India toughens rules on investments from neighbours, It's seen as aimed at #China Investments from entities in a country that shares a land border with India will require government approval, meaning they can't go through a so-called automatic route.  …
ALL this woman is thinking about is politics. She is determined to be Joe (China) Biden's running mate. She doesn't care about the people of her state. Gretchen Whitmer Isn’t Backing Down  …
Your country is responsible for massive economic devastation and loss of life because you lied about the Wuhan virus. You get no quarter. China must pay for what they’ve done.  …
Vietnam says that China is mislabeling products as Vietnamese to avoid U.S. tariffs  … via @usatoday
Open Letter to Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus: Are you China’s puppet in W.H.O?  …
Trump has offered more personal praise of Xi Jinping than I’ve ever seen from a US President towards a Chinese leader. What’s particularly surprising is that this has remained the case even after China’s coverup of the coronavirus pandemic.
Tell me one reason why not to revoke HK’s special status to end economy, China: -Create a pandemic -Detain Uyghurs into concentration camps -Massively arrest HK protesters & key political figures, suppress protests at all costs -Detain HK protesters in China -Bully Taiwan etc. 
US Congress demands answers from Dr Tedros for his role in edifying China  …
Stop treating Africans like idiots sir. You are poisoning the relations between Africans and China with your mindless propaganda! We are not all ZANUPF which is afraid to tell you the truth for fear of losing the looting contracts you have with them. Show us some respect please!  …
Everything I say about the Chinese is meant for the country China and its agents. Chinese Americans that love America are my brothers and sisters.
China may be conducting secret nuclear tests, State Department warns 
A lot of the logistics in the US depends on diesel - trains, long-distance trucks, barges. For that, they don't need Nigerian crude - they can get heavier, more sour crudes from elsewhere. So who are we left with? China and India, who will strike a hard bargain.
Ask China questions about the #Covid_19, and you will be labelled one of the two: 1. Liar 2. Racist Here are two videos that expose China. Watch them and decide who is spreading fake news and who is being racist. ( ~WION ) 
New on MoA: The New Anti-China Campaign Is Built On Lies  
Interesting data point to ponder. Is number of death in China grossly under reported? The whole world is paying the price for it now. Or number of users fell as migrant workers surrendered one phone, then India should also see a big drop!  …
If the death toll due to the Wuhan Virus is so high in the US, I wonder what they are hiding in China where it all started. How many have died there?
China #CCP makes the world worser! They use the technology to monitor all dissidents, but fail to monitor the virus. Time to make China pay!
China: We're lifting Wuhan lockdown WHO: no sound, crickets Trump: We're reopening USA WHO: Lifting restrictions is a bad idea Landlords evicting Kenyans in China IOM: no sound, crickets Kenyans say #ChineseInKenyaMustGo IOM: There's a high risk of xenophobia in East Africa
Perhaps we can Jerusalem China Malls in Johannesburg so they can feel it in Wuhan #day23oflockdown 
China should stop 'bullying behaviour' in South China Sea: US  via 
What you get when China, the WHO, the CDC, the Democrats, the Left, and the Globalist Cabal all conspire against America #ThesePeopleAreSick 
#Chinamustfall Actually I think mute China is more like it. I refuse to be part of yet another black people to cry victim. Stop China. Mute China. 
Trashing China. Trashing WHO has made America not first. But America is ALONE. 
Does China think arresting those activists could stop HongKongers from fighting? Seems they never understand how united our people are to fight against them. We just want justice and freedom. #UniversalSuffrage is a 
Five lies China is telling about #coronavirus. "Even as the U.S. prioritizes ending the virus, it’s vital for the American government and media to deny China the benefit of its lies and misinformation." @dcexaminer  …
No Bette...China does!!
This thread is so petty I love it.
Illinois Governor J.B. Pritzker had to sneak a secret plane in from China that was stocked with PPE's. Then he had them distributed before you could hold the supplies hostage while making Pritzker beg for them. Democrats are literally flying secret missions to help Americans.
The parallels between Trump’s blame-China tactic and the lead up to the 2003 US invasion of Iraq  more apparent every day. That’s because Bush-era neocons are crafting Trump’s strategy. I explain here:   …
girls don’t want boyfriends they want actor winwin, wayv to go on reality shows, proper promotions in china for wayvs albums, more support from the sm official account, someone to manage wayvs twitter properly, and for all of wayv to be treated fairly and nicely
It's  increasingly clear China lied about the threat of the virus, and American leaders was crippled from responding to it with full force because of the fear of being dubbed "racist" and "xenophobic." Political correctness enabled this pandemic to hit our shores.  …
Mtgg went to visit Yibo store . That'll be my first stop when I go to China Cr. Ctto #WangYibo 
A Good leader knows when to protect his soldiers. We all know that China is a rogue suspicious country. No opportunist shall take advantage . What a MoveVital move in such a crisis! 
More proof! The @WHO posted false advisory to appease China. The  party hates being caught in lies, but the truth about this avoidable world disaster MUST and  out.  …
Y'all still out here caping for the Chinese? Real racism is going on against Nigerian blacks in China but you're going to continue to sit in your nice chair while your country pays you to be out of work and tweet: "America is the worst place for black people." Clowns. 
Oh please, you’re puppets of China that’s why you have failed to condemn racism against black people in China!  …
I think the press needs to push Trump on when he knew, why he told Israel first in November. Do your job @cnn @nytimes @nbc @washingtonpost @CNBC. Don’t let he go off into “I closed the borders to China?” ASK THE QUESTIONS
How are people still asking if it was intentional with China? They FUCKING LIED! #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
The problem is...the uncertainty cause by China lying and the WHO...added with politicization...has led to reactionary responses. We don't know what the plan is and the plan continues to change. Overreach has begun and now the population is confused,scared and beyond frustrated  …
Thought: What if this virus clears out the Iranian regime, exposes China, AND dispatches Kim Jong Un?  …
How coronavirus is changing what Chinese consumers buy  #coronavirus #China 
3 #CoronaVirus Spreaders In India 1. China 2. WHO 3. #Tablighis
He shut down the travel from China but for non Americans only. BIG mistake. Ask him how many Americans came back from China and sadly spread the virus. No quarantine was set for them after the shut down...
First the open bashing of Zoom and Now the revised FDI policy. This is catching the bull called China by horns. Such quick decision making at the time of a global pandemic is laudable. Now ban TikTok too. 
China Tries (and Fails) to Get Wisconsin to Pass Law Praising Beijing on Coronavirus!! They’re used to having governors in their pockets.  … @realDonaldTrump
When you write "great decision by India to checkmate China" through a mobile which is "made in China". 
So why is @SpeakerPelosi not guilty of a February 24th gathering in China Town....
We The People are going to have to stand up to these politicians that want to take our freedom away, we will not stand for it, we are not China!
Maybe time for some of  to re-evaluate their media investments into China.  …
Remember, China has not invaded. Only persuaded inept leaders. Someone once said to me ''The world seems  to think of Africa as a slave continent, and this is why African people should do the work of imagining a different future for ourselves''  …
If #HK is denied universal suffrage this year, #China will dodge behind HK’s fake autonomy and curate more attacks against USA. This is the last chance.
Do you remember the question I raised on 18 November 2019? Exactly five months have passed and we still don’t know what needs to happen in mainland China and Hong Kong for the British government to take any kind of meaningful action @BorisJohnson  …
HUGE: The UK Just Dumped China's Huawei in 5G Tech Roll-Out — Citing its Lies Over Coronavirus.  …
Only thing @realDonaldTrump is guilty of is #ExcessivePatriotism trying to #MAGA & #KAG2020 If it were up to #democrats, our borders would’ve stayed open longer & virus would’ve spread even more. Blaming China would be correct but media threw integrity out the window long ago.  …
#TheTippingPoint Releasing NEXT WEEK a special report about South Africa’s LEGAL LIVE WILDLIFE TRADE to #China image @BAT_S_A @JournoJane @MoveTheWorldAF @mr_calvero @WildThingsInitv @EleRhinoMarch @harvross @Blood_Lions @BornFreeFDN @fourpawsint 
120 Megawatt Floating Solar Project Completed In China  
Matt Hancock has just tried to order 100,000 masks from China, but has accidentally adopted a snow leopard instead.
Trust China NOT by their words. But, by actions.  …
Do nothing should be your name. Cause that’s exactly what you did after you shut down travel to China. You should have been pushing social distancing, lockdowns, school closures, medical supply production, mask wearing all beginning of February, not late-March. Not qualified!
Just once I would like to see a Democrat defend American like they defend China, Iran and Palestine!
#China's Communist Party has not permitted the world’s scientists to go into the #Wuhan laboratory "to evaluate what took place there, what’s happening there, what’s happening there even as we speak," @SecPompeo told @hughhewitt yesterday:  … #WuhanVirus
@realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer @JoeBiden @SpeakerPelosi @AdamSchiff ''Trump has only had so many months in office & President. Congress could have also did there jobs, but did they? ''NO''. Plus, The virus came from 'CHINA' & the lied about it. So, stop blaming Trump!! 
FREDO, didn’t daddy give millions to China, along with tons of medical equipment? What went wrong?
It’s almost like China released this ‘accidental’ virulent pneumonia flu bc they didn’t want to be fair in US - China trade with farmers primarily.  …
The number of China’s nuclear weapons is only a small part of US’s, plus China pledges no-first-use policy. The US is still not reassured. Washington’s pursuit of absolute security is breaking the fragile balance of the world. Such ambition is evil. 
Biden campaign not hesitating to push back and call Trump the real soft on China candidate.  …
We're so drunk on China that  national suicide. At some point it  really clear that our loyalties are not to America but rather to someone else's stock portfolios.  …
President Trump should immediately open an investigation into how Smithfield was sold to  during the Obama Administration, and why refugee/illegal immigrants seem to be employed so frequently at their factories across the USA.  …
Event without a lab accident, China actively sought to cover up the outbreak, lied about human transmissibility, and proactively imeded the US and global response. If it turns out this was a lab accident, that's even greater culpability. But they are culpable either way.  …
This is hugely concerning. #China must not be allowed to use the #coronavirus crisis to pull strings in #HongKong, cracking down on legitimate protest. BBC News - Hong Kong: High-profile democracy activists  …
I don't want "relations" with the Chinese Communist Party after they intentionally spread their virus to our country. They didn't allow travel from Wuhan to other cities in China, but sent hundreds of thousands from Wuhan to the U.S.  an act of war against us.  …
European governments struggling with the fallout from the Covid-19 pandemic are hardening their positions toward China 
#China using distraction of global #CoronavirusPandemic to roundup pro-democracy protest leaders in #HongKong. "They are doing whatever they can to try to silence, to take down, the local opposition":  … #TeaParty #HongKongProtesters #HongKongProtests #KAG
China falsely telling Arab world U.S. behind coronavirus  …
While the world is preoccupied with #coronavirus, #China has established two administrative districts to control the #Paracels and the #Spratly Island. The latter, đảo Trường Sa Lớn, is actually under #Vietnam’s control and has a civilian population. Smart move?  …
“Do we really want to replace a president highly antagonistic to China with Biden, a lifetime grifter fully owned and operated by handlers in Beijing? -  …
Your media covered for the people (China) who created this mess and that’s reason we had to shutdown this economy  …
With China's economy on life support, it's time to turn off the ventilator  … via @nypost
All that's left is ghost threaded melodies Played on repeat like an old gramophone Rhapsody in blue No interlude between the silence I'm playing solo on this dilapidated bandstand Note by note they all left No one's listening but the china dolls #MadVerse #vss365 
I don't understand - where was this published? 20 out of 20 what? Where's China, Estonia, Sweden, Finland, Luxembourg, Lithuania, Netherlands, Croatia, Greece, Poland? What are the parameters here? How does  with the table on the right here?   …
New narratives emerging: Trump losing popularity, Trump failed to act quickly or Trump acting too quickly, China not to blame, Wuhan Virus "natural", Trump inciting rebellion. Do they not realize we are awake & see what's going on?
“It is too soon to know whether people will end up crediting China for suppressing the [coronavirus] or blaming it for suppressing the doctors in Wuhan who first raised the alarm”—deadly censorship that allowed the virus to go global. 
Thanks to China we all know now 
So, as we fight CoronaVirus, we should remember we have another Enemy. China. That's a Fact. The debt traps are meant to pave way for  to take Over. When you see a Chinese beating a Kenyan mercilessly in Kenya yet they don't even have a work permit! Beats me.
There is officially a Scramble for Africa and if we don't watch it, the world war might even be as a result for the scramble of Africa for the second time. The Chinese want our land & the West want our Minerals, Herbs etc. By 2050, China's population will definitely be exploding.
Hyundai Steel & Major #SouthKorean majors are all set to shut #China Factories & move to #India #Japan has decided to shift manufacturing units out of #China Major #EastAsian Nations also looking to shift manufacturing bases to #India  … via @tfipost
I turned it off after they started asking for Matt Hancock resignation. It’s up to the hospital governors to order stockpile PPE’s by law. Know one knew this  in 2019..apart from China & WHO, Gates, Fauchi, Brixt..& I’m sure many others Clinton’s etc
It's time we bring our supply chains home from China once and for all and hold them accountable for their spread of false information that puts millions of lives and the global economy at risk. Read my piece for the @NFRW here  …
Watch this on China’s lies. American sports leaders need to advocate for the 2022 Winter Olympics to be pulled from China over their coronavirus lies. It’s a small, but important gesture. 
It is time for the #ChineseInKenyaMustGo to China to deal with their Chinese virus. These racist CHOWDERHEAD for a lack of better words must be Stopped from mistreating our people hapa home and Away! 
Pompeo: China Has ‘Not Permitted The World’s Scientists To Go Into’ Wuhan Lab  …
As its leading sponsor, the US has a duty to hold the WHO accountable. The world relied on the WHO to accurately assess & report on the outbreak in China. The WHO's misinformation & delays cost the world valuable time in containing #COVID19 at its  …
Dear world, stop buying fake “testing kits” from China, get your stuff from Israel ffs.  …
And I hope  repatriate or shift their supply lines away from China. The  a crime against the rest of the world. And an enormous error in economic judgement.  …
Why are ppl shocked about the Chinese being racist wtf we have you been for us with our eyes wide open we have know this for years only thing is it's now viral for all to see Fuk China
US intelligence prepared 'secret report' on #Coronavirus in November: Israel's Channel 12  #China #Wuhan
I really feel so bad for the Kenyans in China. One already has to have their guard up when you are in a foreign country during normal times. Now just imagine being out there in the streets - the cold, the hunger, the anger, the uncertainty, and the indignity.
GOT7 – VLive Charts (Channels): #1. China #1. Thailand #1. Mexico #1. Malaysia #1. Hong Kong #1. Australia #2. Taiwan #2. UK #2. Indonesia #2. Philippines #2. Vietnam #2. Brazil #2. US @GOT7Official #GOT7
Remember when Quid Pro Joe and his son took Air Force 2 to China and scored a $1.5 Billion deal with a Chinese national bank in 2013? I do.
Make no mistake about what is happening. Democrats are purposely trying to tank the economy. They don’t care who suffers. Their objective is to defeat President @realDonaldTrump. If I was a conspiracy theorist, I might think the Democrats helped China release this on the world.
HK Gov has just released a new press release saying that the the liaison office and the Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office -- China's top bodies overseeing the city's affairs -- are not bound by the article 22 of basic law 
The senator has this to say about arrests in Hong Kong. She feels strongly about this when it offers a chance to criticize China. Meanwhile, if she’s said a single word about COVID-19 deaths in US federal prisons or outbreaks in state prisons and jails I missed it.  …
Every action against China this admin has done has been fought. I've begun to be more insulted by how stupid our politicians must think I am than their misguided political agendas. Stop lying! From tariffs to travel restrictions, POTUS hasn't been a Chinas supporter.  …
I see the #MAGA crowd flailing in their attempt to make “Biden weak on China” a “thing” It ain’t gonna work TOO MUCH EVIDENCE to the contrary And in fact, trump FAR more vulnerable in that regard WE HAVE RECEIPTS  …
We cannot reform  regime, so we have to reduce our vulnerability to it by drastically reducing ties. This may be unfortunate, but there now is no viable alternative. It would be "deeply irresponsible" to continue failed policies.  …
. @TedCruz is calling for a new approach to relations with China, as they've  "greatest geopolitical threat." " @NIH confirmed to me 76,000 US taxpayer dollars in FY2019 went to one of the Chinese virology labs in 
I wud want Governments across states to use Rapid Testing to detect as many cases as possible in next 10 days so that we can open fast in the month of May. Rapid Testing Kits & Anti Body test kits have arrived from China. Its good to test more in this Lockdown & isolate clusters.
China decimated US intelligence apparatus years ago, posing steep challenge during #COVID cover-up. >China killed 18-20 CIA informants, 2010-2012. >Chinese Spy (driver) for Sen DiFi, 20 yrs >HRC email server/Access granted/CrowdStrike #China, Great Falls God Wins #Trump2020 
Support Surges in House for Bringing Back Supply Chains From China, via @CharlesFLehman  …
The medical supplies donated by #China to #Austria to fight #COVID19 reached Vienna International Airport recently. Austrians thank China for the“great gesture”in this special period 
Escaped from a lab? A stunning Fox News exclusive report on how the Coronavirus sprang from a Wuhan lab as China strove  with the U.S. @BretBaier joins Watters' World with his reporting, tonight. #FoxNews 8PM 
At what point did BigPharma (vaccines made in China) and Planned Parenthood merge? Murdering for profit isn’t in the US Constitution either! #ProLife #DefundPP #SaturdayMotivation #WakeUpAmerica  
Are we certain #COVID19 was accidentally released?? Seems pretty convenient for China.  …
Chinese government hides the start of #Covid_19 The WHO ignored the  of the doctors. China buys  in its country and the world. Biden is his Trojan horse to control the US. @realDonaldTrump @AmyKremer @RealDrGina @PAMsLOvE @AppSame 
As we seek to draw manufacturers back from China, we must take the necessary economic steps to support the movement of manufacturing back home to the U.S. and bring jobs back at the same time. Read my plan →
Sen. Ted Cruz: Rely on Israel, not China for drugs, medical supplies  …
China has sent dozens of medical teams, shared medical knowledge through an online platform they built, sent millions of supplies to over 150 nations. What we must learn from China is that the only way forward in this world is not bombs & war but instead global solidarity & care.
China,what motivates you to give us a plane full of masks and not a plane full of Kenyans who want to return home?....?? #ChineseInKenyaMustGo
The Irish Government’s decision to step up support to WHO has zero to do with China. It’s about Ireland’s  to the UN and multilateralism which is profoundly in the interests of Ireland and its people.  …
China is worried about a second wave of COVID-19. Africans in one city are being evicted. The evictions are blamed on racism, which the Chinese government denies. 
Trump says the death toll in China is now "far higher than that and far higher than the U.S., not even close!" That's a lie. China - 4,632 USA - Almost 38,000 and growing Stay home Stay safe
I grew up in California near the City of Industry. We made everything--from Barbie dolls to air-conditioners. We were a  No homeless. Everyone owned a house, and families had a couple of new cars in the driveway. Then ... NAFTA, open borders, and China.  
While President God was threatening to cripple China’s economy: - He was pulling US scientists from Wuhan. - Ivanka was receiving Chinese patents for voting machines. - Kushner was trying to get China to give him large business loans. ...But Hunter Biden #WhatWeHaveToLose
Gordon Chang, China expert: Doctors in China knew in mid-December that the Wuhan Virus could be transferred human to human, but lied about it until January 21. The rest of the world lost 6 WEEKS to prepare. Jinping "wanted to level the playing field..what he did was malicious." 
Black people are still being turned away from supermarkets in China. 
It is almost as though China has bought Trudeau's silence through donations to the Trudeau foundation.  …
Dangerous raid on Tokyo will take B-25 bombers out of range of a return flight; plan is to land in China. Aircrew, all volunteers, are united in desire for revenge. Colonel Doolittle attaches a Japanese medal to a bomb, to "return" it to its native country: 
Global COVID Cases US - 706,756 Spain - 191,26 Italy - 172,434 France - 149,146 Germany - 142,325 UK - 115,299 China - 83,786 Iran - 80,868 Turkey - 78,546 Propaganda cannot erase the fact that we are by far the global leader because of your gross negligence and unfitness.
It increasingly seems that Trudeau has been bought and paid for by China through the Trudeau Foundation.  …
When the world is battling against the China-exported pandemic, CCP-controlled Hong Kong government is sneaking to arrest the city's pro-democracy figures. Who is the  …
Who exactly does @RepAdamSchiff think we should blame? Tahiti? Italy? Switzerland? It started in Wuhan in Communist China. You have no problem saying the German measles. And we have no problem calling it the Chinese Wuhan virus. Let loose on the world. 
Tamil Nadu purchases the antibody rapid kits for Rs. 600 according to the order copy shared by the health department with the media. The kits are from Wondfo in China. Its again ICMR approved. 
Haha don’t try to confuse ppl. China was the first country to alert because the virus originated in China. The alert was late because China was busy trying to save its image, or maybe hide something, like a leaked virus maybe?  …
American patriots have been asserting that Covid-19 Pandemic was an organized assault on world economy & served to stop millions of protesters in China, Europe & U.S. Now we are watching that very claim unfold. Who are the malicious players that organized this assault?
I spoke with Conservative leader @AndrewScheer about Justin Trudeau's handling of COVID-19, China, and Canada's relationship with the WHO. Watch the full interview here.  …
We’ve already seen China use the guise of the coronavirus pandemic to expel journalists, arrest dissidents, and target Tibetans and Uyghurs. Now, Beijing is expanding their efforts, arresting over a dozen pro-Democracy activists in Hong Kong.  …
Pointing fingers at China is what #cdnmedia & Conservatives do. Acting responsibly on behalf of Canadians is what PMJT does. What purpose does critisizing China  exactly while they are supplying our need for PPE? #COVID19  …
Today’s YouTube show:  Boris to reject Huawei 5G Raab wants to change UK’s relationship with China Social distancing fails during clapping for NHS session 
There are more tapes of @realDonaldTrump slurring words, mispronouncing words and not even knowing Chinatown is not in China. You probably don't want to begin this. Trump has shown too many times how unfit he is to run our Country.
There’s one kind of coverage for China, and there’s another kind of coverage for the rest of the world 
This is truly disgraceful. Because #Trump did NOT make this virus. It originated in China- either as an accident or on purpose- and China worked hard to protect itself while allowing the deadly virus to spread abroad/3
have brought us to this new low- instead of standing with our country and the President against a #pandemic unleashed on the world by a deceptive, irresponsible and often sinister COMMUNIST regime- CHINA- many relentlessly attack and BLAME #Trump/2
. @laurelchor:China Daily's announcement of the @WorldPressPhoto award uses wording like "hard-core radicals", "rampage", "violent radicals". China's Foreign Ministry uses the same phrases to justify violence by the Hong Kong Police Force. @GlobalCRL @LauraHarth @demosisto
Mmusi Maimane failed to fight racism in South Africa and inside his fomer Party DA, all of a sudden his the spokesperson for Nigerians who are being mistreated in China. He even wrote a letter to Cyril Ramaphosa the AU Chairman asking him to intervene. Money does wonders
When some silly Conservative Reform Party MP nitwit whines about PM Trudeau supposed 'love for Communist China' remind him Emperor Harper went to China to introduce Canadian budget measures in a partisan news conference 1,000s of miles and 13 time zones away from our Parliament. 
YES!!! @RepChrisSmith & Ron Wright (R-TX) have introduced legislation to strip #China & other countries of their sovereign immunity for #COVID19 fraud. Thank you Congressmen for running with our @NJGOP message. Lead on. #LeadRight #Leadership  …
It wouldn't surprise me if China is sitting on a vaccine as well. You notice how Senator Rand, Prince Charles, Boris, Trudeau's wife among others caught COVID? But you never hear of anybody at the highest levels of the CCP catching it--or even their military? Very strange indeed!  
It still came from China.  …
SURVEY OF THE WORLD from Doug Noland: “liquidity loves inflation”=why US stocks rally as global economy is prob in a depression; China, Europe & EM precarious. “I wld say it’s the monumental debate of our times-except for the fact that there’s no debate”  
China's hospitals are turning away pregnant black women because they think black people spread coronavirus. China is easily one of the most hateful and virulently (pun intended) racist countries on the planet, yet claims all criticism of  regime is "racist". Sick.  …
This election will be incredibly clarifying as every one of us will be choosing between the United States and China.
I wonder if any black basketball player is gonna keep doing business in China the way they’ve been treating our brothers and sisters.
RT @jaarreaza: Now the Trump Administration is asking Venezuela to receive humanitarian aid. They live on lies. We have constantly received assistance from China, Russia, Cuba and the UN. We have also given help to our brothers in the [...] 
Can't believe China's food industry is so unsanitary  …
This morally bankrupt partisan hack, with the assistance of @SpeakerPelosi has done more to harm the U.S. in the past four years than any other individual My question for the dangerous & repellent @RepAdamSchiff is why wouldn’t President Trump blame China?  …
9. Progressives need to develop a relationship  and production. What does it mean to build things or lend money in a progressive way? Progressives also need to develop a relationship with the military and geopolitics. What does it mean to deal with China?
Cop: I need statements from you both Miley: he came in like a wrecking ball! Bull: all I wanted was a china bowl
The US is claiming that China, DPRK, Iran, & Russia are using the crisis to aggress even though the US has just: ▪︎tested nuclear missiles to threaten China ▪︎bombed Iraq ▪︎sent warships into China & Russias waters ▪︎fired a missile in China's air  …
While we’re focusing on the pandemic, China making sure Hong Kong doesn’t have a democratic future.  …
Rumor has it that some people that have tested positive with #Covid_19 in South Korea & China are testing positive again! Ironic Huh! Texas wants to be the first State to Open Up & let the Virus in! We are behind in testing with 170,000 test done in a State with 29 million! SMFH!
The U.S. must unequivocally reject China’s attempt to shift the narrative on the coronavirus pandemic away from its botched response and silencing of physicians, says the @HooverInst's @CondoleezzaRice. 
China announces COVID-19 vaccines trials  …
Biden campaign not hesitating to push back and call Trump the real soft on China candidate.  …
Mr. President Sir, we know you will defeat the Corona China Virus, and at the same time get NO THANKS from the DEMS. It's a messed up world, it's so cold, but when the hour is near, and the pages turn, miles from home we hear "it's time". WE WILL ANSWER YOUR CALL! MAGA AMEN
Taiwan has the best record in the world in fighting the coronavirus despite being the most at risk country after China Taiwan did not merely flatten the curve, it eliminated it entirely without closing schools or shutting down the economy ! #Taiwan #luxury #cruise 
China on Thursday urged the World Bank to allow its poorest borrowers to suspend debt payments while they deal with the coronavirus pandemic, saying the world's biggest multilateral development bank should "lead by example."  …
All world leaders agree - China and WHO are responsible.
BIG: Hyundai Steel and several other South Korean majors are all set to shut China factories and move to India  … via @tfipost
”This [coronavirus] could have been shut down a long time ago, they knew it." President Trump: "We have a lot of discussions going on with China. We couldn't get in, the #WHO couldn't get in. I’m not happy with #China. #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChinaMustPay #BoycottChina 
With China's economy on life support, it's time to turn off the ventilator Agreed. Crush the fucking ChiComs until they beg for mercy, then apply even more pressure.  … via @nypost
The number of reported COVID-19 deaths in Belgium (5,453) is now higher than reported deaths in China (4,632). Belgium has a population of 11.5 million. China has a population of 1.4 billion.
Trump talks tough on China and #Covid_19. But what are THE  …
Sailors and @PacificMarines with @31stMEU Marine Medium Tiltrotor Squadron #VMM265 assigned to @USPacificFleet amphibious assault ship USS America #LHA6 conduct flight operations in the South China Sea. #FlyMarines #ForgedByTheSea 
Teng Biao gained his initial understanding of #Liuxiaobo’s political views from just a few words of official propaganda aimed at rewriting the history of #China’s pro-democracy movement. “  …
The Hodgetwins Destroy the View Host You Guys are a Bunch of STUPID BITCHES ! Everything Can’t be the President’s Fault ? Why Don’t You Blame The Country Who Started This ? Have You Heard Of F**king China ? The View Should Be Taken Off The Air ! 
China now using the Arabic media to spread anti-US propaganda. On China's Official Arabic-Language TV: " #COVID-19 Does Not Appear to Have Originated in China" Via: 
“OMG, China and the WHO delayed by one week in warning us about human-to-human transmission in January.” Here’s Florida, USA, on April 17 
Indian govt. Takes a bold decision, tweaks FDI policy, govt. Approval needed for FDIs from neighbouring countries including CHINA. India first,  first, indian interest first. #MeraBharatMahan 
Gordon Chang: China and WHO acted maliciously, tried to deceive the World Absolutely right, China and The Globalists are working together against The World!!  …
The Obama administration back in 2015 gave China at the #WuhanLab 3.7 million dollars in a  …
We have a covid fund. Corporates have contributed millions. Bringing our long suffering citizens from china they have to foot their own bill. Quarantined guys it's out of their pockets. We buy our own masks. So what's the money for? Who is the governmnt working for?
The dangerously misguided anarchist attacks against China by 
They will die and then blame China for that
North Carolina is lacking a steady supply of resources to respond to COVID-19—but the U.S. sent 18 tons of PPE to China. We need clarity on this, and a path forward to making sure our state has the resources it needs. 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA-- Adam Schiff Begs Trump to Stop Blaming China and the WHO for the Wuhan Coronavirus Pandemic  …
Inside China's Sneakers City - In December I went to visit Jinjiang, a city of 2 million, where one in three people work in the shoe industry. I didn't know what to expect, but it was definitely an adventure. Go watch:  
With eye on China, India amends FDI policy to curb opportunistic takeovers  
RAMIREZ COUNTERPOINT CHINA’S WET MARKETS  … SUPPORT EDITORIAL CARTOONING SUBSCRIBE HERE:  Like  …  
Yet you still carry water for China. 
SCOOP by @Washingtonpost's @Milbank: 15 Trump administration officials were embedded with the WHO in Geneva, working full time, hand-in-glove with the organization on the virus from the very first day China disclosed the outbreak to the world, Dec. 31.  …
Our first COVID-19 airlift mission  We carried 500K+ medical-grade face masks from China to New Hampshire. Our partnership with @FIRSTweets' Dean Kamen, and @GovChrisSununu will help protect frontline healthcare workers in that state. More:  
What we’re missing due to #COVID19 coverage: This morning Xi doubled down on the misery in #HongKong. He arrested 14 voices for democracy who demanded China live up to its “promise” of 1 country, 2 systems. Xi has no intension of honoring this treaty or any other. #HK #freethe14
Not looking good... This will be the fate of all Chinese residents of Africa if Chinese govt fails to strongly condemn acts of discrimination targeting Africans in various cities of China. We expect @ChinaEmbAddis to strongly condemn open racism in China! 
Now china can't take over  investing they have to take prior permission of govt. We extend our Gratitude to Modi ji For such a strict action This govt is love #IndiaCheckmatesChina
Are you saying that Trump and the GOP was duped by China and Xi? If so it only proves that you guys are unfit to serve and lead America!  …
More proof of racism in #China. They are denying Blacks entrance into shopping centers. Saying blacks are now responsible for #Coronavirus in China. Yet Democrats keep defending China  …
A new State Department executive summary raises concerns that Russia and China may have conducted nuclear tests in 2019. @csisponi decodes the latest U.S. arms  …
Criticism of Dr. Tam by Premier Kenney good medicine | Calgary Herald. This column provides precise timeline showing Ottawa chose for months to believe China/WHO propaganda & misdirection & persistently rejected accurate information,from Taiwan/others.  …
Has signs of Dementia Creepy as hell and has groped little kids and women on camera for years In bed with China , hooked up Hunter with foreign business deals /jobs overseas Calls voters fat and threatens them to their face What are his redeeming qualities ?
Why are we even having China mall in South Africa,is there a South Africa mall in China
WARNING This weekend fake Black accounts are redpilling anti-China/Chinese hatred. #Op0H8 just discovered a nest of them. #disinformation #psyops #boilerrooms FYI #Anonymous #Anonfamily @Red_eyedjedi @Tara_Writer @Scare_x_Face @urbansimian @TalibKweli @MrChuckD @1upmovement
Finally Indian media challenges CHINA’s dominance Arnab asks Suneet Chopra “are you afraid of Communist China even though you are being an  “ 
Debating a dude about why Trump is the best President the US has ever had (he hates him) at 4pm eastern  via FB live. Going 2 prove Trump’s policies putting America 1st not Biden’s globalist UN/China 1st policies are the best policies for US middle class
#IndiaCheckmatesChina | Every country has to ensure long-term stability. Today, with COVID, our market is ripe for hostile takeover. China is trying to make capital throughout the world: Aryama Sundaram, Senior Lawyer SC Watch here:  
We must never forget that after calling Trump racist for banning China travel - Pelosi wanted residents to understand how it’s “perfectly safe to be here” in Chinatown. “We do want to say to  to Chinatown, here we  join us,” said Pelosi.
State Councilor #WangYi: #China has acted as a responsible country thru int'l cooperation & won high recognition.Leaders of over 170 countries & 50 orgs offered solidarity, over 70 countries & orgs sent assistance. The friendship will be remembered.  (1/6)
Noticed that @POTUS never corrected his spelling error on tweet T-14942. Looked again and he is speaking in "past-tense" thus making the error (W) missing = were Q1034 just happens to have a "W"  
Has Trudeau said "China" yet?
The Silent War has Befallen:  The hard truth is, in the past decade or so, China has been quietly pursuing “biotechnology supremacy" and has achieved certain level of success.
There is mounting evidence the virus 'escaped' fr a Wuhan lab. China covered it up and lied abt its transmission. I'm no conspiracy theorist, but I'm honestly beginning to wonder if there aren't a lot of powerful Democrats on China's payroll, or at least financially connected
Won't you get fired if  about China's 
THIS: Shi Zhengli, the "bat lady", at level-4 lab in Wuhan was supposedly working on a cure for HIV. 2/4/20 she co-authored a notice in the journal Cell Research stating that remdesivir & chloroquine were effective treatments for Covid-19. China did not share this info...  …
What are you going to do about it beside crawling in your bed and crying? We don't live in China, we are not helpless Brain, put on your big boy pants and protest your rights along with other Americans.
Just makes it look like China targeted Western Countries... ...enemies of my enemy Soros... ...Gates Rothschilds... Who’s INVESTED in a Chinese Virology Technology... ... @Harvard NANO Biology Department Spy Is Harvard involved... @POTUS #WWG1WGA #5G #TWGRP #KAG2020 #1A 
Kyoto-based % Arabica's new China outpost puts the focus on architecture.  …
#IndiaCheckmatesChina | UPA govt was facilitating all imports from China. All  were made to buy turbines from China. We are correcting it : Syed Zafar Islam, Spokesperson, BJP Watch here:  
@realDonaldTrump Hard-working American families are protesting in the streets of USA? for their freedom & right to go back to work now? & just a few short weeks ago tons protested in the streets of China waving USA flags..? Look up biological warfare,war is based on Deception. 
UK moves to drop Huawei as 5G vendor China transparency  …
But you still wake up every morning ready to do battle for China and the DNC. Bravo, Brian.
In helping others, China also sees potential political rewards 
ModiSarkar is willing to take the hard decisions, China will find it very difficult to look ModiSarkar in the eye. This is opening the door for other countries to act tough against with China.
Trump never stopped  in from China. Hundreds of thousands had already arrived between the start of the outbreak and the partial ban being put in place. And the ban proved useless because Trump did nothing to prepare the country as the virus spread  …
China lied, People died.
Are you starting to see now? Democrats Russian connection Democrats Iran connection Democrats Ukraine connection Democrats Hamas connection Democrats China connection
"He ran for president four years ago vowing to get tough with China, but his ambition was not to isolate the Chinese but to work with them — and especially for the United States to make more money from the relationship."  …
No one should ever be stupid enough to buy into a sudden “tough on China” act from President Beautiful Chocolate Cake.  …
We can decouple from China incrementally and intelligently, and achieve the goal with small disruptions and loss of life. Or, we can uproot immediately, crash the global economy, and go to war to settle matters. This is the real decision. The crosstalk is just grandstanding.
I find US media remarkable. In January, Trump can claim China's warnings about Coronavirus are a hoax. In April, Trump can claim that China's failure to warn him earlier caused the current crisis. Can you spot logical inconsistency? Yet MSM is a stenographer, w/o journalism.
Trump Puts U.S. Public Diplomacy on Notice The White House has charged that the Voice of America “amplified Beijing’s propaganda” about its role in the spread of the disease while whitewashing the People’s Republic of  in the pandemic.  …
China is getting impatient, they want to get fully control of Hong Kong. They thought arresting those activists could stop HongKongers. But they never understand how united our people are to fight against them. We just want justice and freedom. #UniversalSuffrage is a 
I cry because so many "journalists" are misleading the American public and are shills for China. That's why I cry.
Not surprised that #China loving #Communists are supporting  take over by their guiding star #IndiaCheckmatesChina
Prediction: with China potentially poised  out of this pandemic a co-equal superpower — and an attendant sinophobia ramping up — one's views on China are going to  a key dividing line on the US left.
