When the Trudeau government runs a deficit of $200 billion to put the economy on life support, exactly from whom are taxpayers borrowing the money? It's China, isn't it
1.3.20 — Trump was officially briefed about the #COVID19Pandemic in China. That is exactly 90 days ago from today. What did he do to prepare America? Not a damn thing.
No WOW Donna. I don’t know what is going on here but this happened in January and Lieber was charged with MAKING FALSE STATEMENTS AND CONCEALING CHINA FUNDING and nothing more. Are we turning into FakeNews? I hope not.
Remember when Andrew Hastie was hammered by the left & some of his own party for his warning about China? @RitaPanahi @rowandean @pwafork How astute does he look now?
Donald Trump has been talking about the dangers of China, globalism & “America Last” policies for decades. Pull up his old videos from when he was a young man being interviewed. They never imagined in a million yrs that someone like him could get elected. But WE did it. He did it
Joe Biden endorses President Trump's China travel restrictions two months late!  …
JAN 30 WHO announced that COVID-19 is a Global Health Emergency & Trump creates WH Coronavirus Task Force JAN 31 TRUMP declares COVID-19 a Public Health Emergency & issues a ban on travel between the US & China FEB 2 The very first COVID-19 death outside of China was reported
CORONAVIRUS TIMELINE DEC 31 China treats 100's of cases of COVID-19 JAN 17 CDC: Low risk of  to USA JAN 21 1st case of COVID-19 in the US JAN 24 CDC: Risk of Americans contracting COVID-19 is low JAN 28 WHO: China did a great job dealing with COVID-19 outbreak
@MassGovernor just partnered with an NFL owner to fly the team jet to China in a covert op (told the feds it was a "humanitarian mission") to smuggle masks into the U.S. without the feds confiscating them yet again, then shared their supply with RI & NY. 10/10
#Covid19Frontline Ep.19: China donated TCM capsules to Italy #COVID19 
" As a contributor to a website promoting patriotic immigration reform, I sometimes get asked about mainland China's immigration laws. What are they like? Short answer: Like Japan's, but more so. Way more so." -  …
United States just found the man who SOLD the #WuhanVirus to China Dr. Charles Lieber, department head of biology & chemistry at Harvard was arrested for selling virus Him & 2 other Chinese Nationals were charged in 3 other cases #BioWeapon 
Taiwan -just 81 miles from China, 23 Million people (400k who work in China!) -still only has 50 cases and 1 death
Many millions traveled to the US from China between November and the ban. China knew they had a problem in November. When the travel ban was declared, it was criticized by the press & presidential candidates as a racist over reaction. Now the ban wasn't good enough. Ok.
In China, the reported domestic violence cases TRIPLED in Feb due to COVID-19. This is now happening in the U.S. You’re not weak, you’re being strong to reach out for help. 
The china virus timeline of blame #FoxAndFriends #Tcot #Ccot #MediaBuzz #CNNSOTU #COVID2019 #coronavirus #SundayThoughts #KAG2020 
Jeez I hope they work. Never thought a governor would  China for donations to fight a virus they caused.
Trump responded by closing down travel from China in late Jan. You called that xenophobic at the time, but agree with his early preparations now (as of yesterday). Are you sure you know what you’re talking about, grandpa? 
. @NYGovCuomo accepts 1,000 ventilators from China as New York battles the coronavirus. “This is a big deal, and it’s going to make a significant difference for us,” said Cuomo, revealing that Oregon would also be making donations. 
China can no longer hide resurging virus, places county on lockdown  … No one should trust China
Sure he uses that podcast to literally call the Chinese government satanic. Also confrontation with China is his most enduring priority. But he definitely hates Democrats 
Like the test kits, the masks from China will be defective....and late. Why doesn't Canadas asshole make the masks here without government interference?  …
"Grr don't get the Chinese mad there's 1.3 Billion of us" I bet there isn't even a billion people in China.
What is bigger, he is "withholding" PPE equipment, because IT IS NOT THERE. When Jared said it "was supposed to be OURS" he meant it. Trump and Jared have been SELLING OFF the US supply. China BOUGHT 18 tons, not "given" The money went into their pockets
when china finally takes us over I wonder who they’ll take for their operation paperclip
#NewYork secures a planeload of ventilators from China, and Oregon also is sending a shipment to battle the #coronavirus pandemic at its US core, NY Governor Andrew Cuomo says.  …
A N-95 mask costs $14. A similar KN-95 mask, made in China, costs $0.29. The US government has been painfully slow to relax restrictions on these lifesaving masks.  …
This is all China’s fault! 
. @AlJazeera #REPORT: It’s #Crucial That #China #BanYulin & The #DCMT Along w/ #WetMarkets #Diseased #Cats #Dog #Crowded #Together #During #Transport #Unsanitary LIVE #Slaughter..= #BreedingGround For #Rabies, #Viruses Like #CoronavirusPandemic 
Doobie Brothers: 1. Listen To The Music 2. China Grove 3. South City Midnight Lady
How evil and hateful. Why would anyone do this? Anyone still feeling sorry for China - watch this!
New York To Receive 1,000 Ventilators From China As COVID-19 ‘Apex’ Quickly Approaches  
Not at all. The federal govt *gave* taxpayer bought PPE to China, who sold it to Russia, who sold it back to US at inflated prices. So now it goes to distribution centers to be bid on by states, inflating prices even higher. Art of the Deal vs Art of the Steal.
Faulty virus tests are clouding China's outreach in Europe: -Slovakia PM says 1.2 million antibody tests are inaccurate -Czech authorities say a third of 300,000 quick tests were defective
When this coronavirus epidemic is over we need to always remember what China did to us. No more made in China. Make all USA prescription drugs and health care items in America  …
Biden flip-flops, now supports Trump's China travel ban  …
Iranian Ambassador to china: Tonight, during two flights from Beijing, #Chinese aid will be sent to #Iran to fight the #Crona 
People think that the CPC is gonna break down your door if you use a VPN when probably tens of millions of people in China do it every day lol
We're mighty proud Senator @MarshaBlackburn is being #TennesseeTough on China! #MakeAmericaManufactureAgain! 
It was already here. As soon as it was in China- w the international travel nowadays- it spreads rapidly. And I had a  back from Brazil 9 days ago. No one asked her anything. No one took her temp. I’ve heard this a bunch! There are no FED GUIDELINES! FEDS ABDICATED.
Really good stuff on anti-China propaganda and how right-wing nationalists like Tucker Carlson and Steve Banon are on the same side as the neocons  …
Since Chinese officials disclosed the outbreak of a mysterious pneumonialike illness to international health officials on New Year’s Eve, at least 430k people have arrived in the United States on direct flights from China.  … #COVID19 #CoronavirusPandemic
Cuomo accepts 1,000 donated ventilators from China for New York coronavirus response  WHAT THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA AND CUOMO DID NOT TELL YOU IS THAT THE 1000 VENTILATORS WERE DONATED BY TWO OF OUR PRESIDENT'S CLOSE FRIENDS
On March 31, Senator Roberts posted a question on Twitter: “Should China  for unleashing COVID19 on the world?” The post has been liked over 117,000 times & retweeted 28,000 times by users in US, Europe, Africa & Asia, including China 
Didn’t Nancy and Biden publicly take a stance Against his travel ban to China?? Though so
Cuomo’s great but he can’t do it all. Oregon sent ventilators, but they can’t provide all we need. China donated 1000 & that’s still not everything we need. No one else  Our federal government is  to help as we reach the apex. It’s up to us. Please stay home
When I went to China last year, I was trying to access my Gmail and the front desk staff at my hotel showed me how to. They successfully passed the firewall on my phone for me, in under 5 minutes. They really have no desire to be on social media with Americans.
Coronavirus Pandemic: Should China Be Held Responsible for Corona And Made to Pay War Damages? We Are Angry Because Chinese Whistleblowers Were Silenced & Italians Are Dying Like Flies.  …
Need any more proof that the UN is the most worthless organization on the planet? China joins UN Human Rights Council panel despite troubling record, response to coronavirus  … Explore the Fox News apps that are right for you at  ….
For those who think Fox is in Trump's pocket, Fox News anchors today are still reporting the Fake news that the U.S. is number one in cases. China has 2 million cases and 40,000 deaths. Calling America #1 is Hillary-Xi propaganda.  …
UN-real: 1. China sabotages the work of the UNHRC: Interrupts speakers Contrives fake NGOs Backs Orwellian resolutions Harasses human rights defenders Pressures UN officials to hand over activist names 2. China wins seat on key UNHRC panel  …
I'd rather have free trade with Cuba than ANY trade with China. EMBARGO!  …
It's wild to me whenever Americans say "Chinese people are oppressed because they can't use Facebook and Twitter and Google" like... China has WeChat and Weibo and their own search engines why the hell would they want to hang out on Twitter with all of us brainless westerners
“It’s long been known in certain pts,w/prolonged use, hydroxychloroquine can cause interrupted heartbeat/cardiac arrhythmia,med lit. shows. New research paper:it may pose particular risk to critically ill pts” China ceased full scale usage after 3 days in Feb due to deaths
As long as this pandemic is going on, China is, by far, the world's most powerful country.  …
Talked with a buddy who’s wife is from mainland China and has very close family there. The govt finally allowed people to go to the facility that holds the cremated remains of $COVID19 victims. The line of cars was 6 miles long. SIX MILES! The  are lying to us.
8,733 Americans have died because of #China There will be a day of reckoning. 
China wants to kill us: They don’t give a shit about you, you are an insect to them. They have no god, they have no morals, they will never hesitate for a second to side against Americans, and especially nationalism in Western countries, because it threatens their economic power.
@NYGovCuomo will take supplies from  party of China but refused supplies from Americans 
Bill Clinton brought China into WTO Hussein brought Russia into WTO BC traded US MIL tech & secrets to China for campaign contributions Hillary, under Hussein,used Skokovo to give US MIL tech & secrets to Russia Yet they say @realDonaldTrump is guilty of foreign collusion?
CIA agent: China is lying about [blank] You can trust me because I’d never ever lie about anything to ever further America’s foreign policy goals
Yes, yes, everything  together as planned. Hillary Clinton along with Saul Alinskiy created a virus to be released in China to prevent people from going to church on Palm Sunday.
In 2011, he began a collaboration with Wuhan University of Technology (WUT) in China that is at the center of his alleged violations. (WUT did not respond to requests  on its relationship with Lieber.)
China Sends 1,000 Ventilators to New York as Coronavirus Deaths Surge 
We do not need any more #coronavirus infections from #China. Not a single one.  …
Yes, I actually cried this morning reading how Massachusetts cut a deal for masks straight with China, and the New England Patriots sent their private plane to pick up the masks, which were then shared with NY. What country do we live in?
Britain secures 300 new ventilators from China  
Trump had already placed travel restrictions on China TWELVE DAYS EARLIER. And Trump again IGNORED Fauci's advice. Remember, the travel restrictions went into place FIVE DAYS after Fauci said we had nothing to worry about.
This week China has been appointed to a UN ‘human rights’ panel investigating and monitoring: - freedom of speech - health - enforced disappearances - arbitrary detention Basically, putting the mafia in charge of law and order. Time to cancel the corrupt UN. And end the CCP.
Global covering the mask story by making Trump the big bad wolf. No mention of Trudeau sending our equipment to China in February. I'm shocked. Shocked I tell ya. #trudeaumustgo
China has donated 1000 ventilators to the USA but they all make a sad accordion sound when in use
Intel reports claim China is covering up the extent of the Chinese virus. I suspect if the military is running our Intel agencies, the director of the organization is Captain Obvious.
What we've done with our medical supply is exactly what the #left were trying to achieve with our energy market -  and total dependency on #CHINA. Enough. #auspol #chinavirus #wuhanflu #coronavirus #outsiders #skymidmorning #breaking #renewables #climatechange-cult
64/n Check this tweet of Feb 10, 2020. Does it seem only few have died? China was in mess but they were reporting as if nothing has happened.  …
The U.S.  is using google,Fb,Twitter etc to get strategic secrets of other countries.The fear that Huawei, owners of 5G will accord China the same illegal means of getting secrets of U.S.& allies is making the U.S.behave like a bull in the China shop.
Gordon Chang's Worst Fear With Covid: Easing Travel Restrictions To China Could Put The U.S. In Peril Again @GordonGChang has been right about this all along. Listen to my latest podcast  …
It is no coincidence that Trump decided to move away from New York right before the Coronavirus hit China! He announced his move in late October and the first case in China was in November! God has his hand on Trump and no weapon formed against him will prosper!
Thanks for what? Lying about his China travel ban?  …
You can still dislike China and and not support their random ass independence movements at the same time. No sympathy for Hong Kong, no sympathy for Taiwan.
Reuters: More than 3,300 people in mainland China have died in the epidemic, which first surfaced in the central province of Hubei late last year, according to statistics published by the National Health Commission.
On January 17, BEFORE Fauci said that COVID-19 was not a major threat to the US, Trump ordered the CDC and Homeland Security to begin screening travelers from China at major US airports.
Dear flesh eaters, If you continue to eat meat and use China as a scapegoat to make yourself feel better, our friendship is over. Kind regards, A vegan
Fauci was anti-travel ban until late Jan. When he changed his mind, Trump was smart enough to shut China down. Courage. leadership.
Canada is left wi no choice but to abandon the UN, China. We need to get rid of our biggest traitor first, Trudeau! @CPC_HQ @AndrewScheer @PierrePoilievre @CandiceBergenMP  …
Cuomo: “It is unbelievable to me that in New York State, in the United States of America, we cannot make these materials, and that we are all shopping China to try get these materials...."  …
Proof of  corruption of the UN with this marriage from Hell. Hot on the heel of demanding 10% $from  #ExitUN #ChinaVirus China is appointed position on UN Human Rights Council  via @MailOnline
Asian Flu (Originated in China) SARS (Originated in China) H1N1 (Originated in China) Wuhan Virus (Originated in China) Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. Three times is enemy action. We are now at four times and ignoring the dangers China poses to the world.
NO MORE DEPENDENCY ON CHINA. 
"Militarism" in Chinese culture is a topic I have been thinking a lot about lately. I happened upon this article by Christopher Hughes, "Militarism and the China Model: The Case of National Defense Education." And it explains so much.  
The Czech Republic sealed off its borders to #China at an early stage. It spent $1.83 million to buy test kits from China but found 80% of the tests faulty. It’s now teaming up with Taiwan for disease control. 
Hospital beds per 1000 residents: Japan - 13.1 S. Korea - 12.3 Germany - 8.0 Russia - 8.0 Austria - 7.4 Hungary - 7.0 Czech - 6.6 France - 6.0 Switz - 4.5 China - 4.3 Greece - 4.2 Norway - 3.6 Portugal - 3.4 Finland - 3.3 Italy - 3.2 Spain- 3.0 United States - 2.7
“Canada can emerge from this pandemic safer and stronger if Canadians are clear-eyed in recognizing China’s responsibility for it.”  …
DESPITE U.S. SHORTAGE OF MASKS... BUSH FOUNDATION SENT 2 MILLION MASKS TO CHINA!  Chubb and Walmart also contributed, and  shipping fees. #AmericaFirst Bush Foundation Sent 2 Mil Masks To China Despite Domestic Shortage  …
During this entire crisis - I have not heard one elected Democrat admit that President Trump was right when he said we shouldn't rely on China for manufacturing - we should do it ourselves. Isn't it apparent yet - that he is right?
This picture shows just how many flights we get from China in January. This represents nearly 400,000 passengers. Can we just quarantine China? 
Excellent advice!! I’d add dogs, cats, and anything poisonous to that list but, yes, above all bats. In these difficult times, please see the ironic humor in this headline. Be well, Patriots! Lindsey Graham Unleashes on China: "Stop Eating Bats!"  …
Complete agreement! She is simply  and has no perspective on the depths of the duplicity of China! GOLDSTEIN: Patty Hajdu’s China Syndrome | Toronto Sun  …
Liberals and their MSM are passing blame for covid around - how about blaming: China - allowing wet markets/ (with bio-lab foods?) Obamacare taxes driving medical device manufacturing offshore Dems - wasting valuable time with Impeachment BS
Was that before or after the global pandemic caused by the People's Republic of China?
Is this not totally an oxymoron? China - gets to weigh in on who will monitor things like freedom of speech, arbitrary detention, health.... If that doesn't tell you the UN is corrupt, I don't know what else would.  …
I am listening to the leading Savik Shuster Ukrainian talkshow about defense against COVID-19 countermeasures: It is all about substantial deliveries from China. The West in all its forms play no role. This will have political consequences.  …
MEDICAL MASKS FROM CHINA??? THE COUNTRY THAT STARTED THIS MESS IN THE FIRST PLACE IS GOING TO PROFIT FROM IT WITH OUR MONEY??? I'M NOT STAYING HOME TO MAKE CHINA RICHER!! IF YOU ARE NOT MAD ABOUT THIS, YOU NEED TO CHECK YOUR PULSE!!  …
What does the following have  Homelessness, sanctuary states/cities,  & going, legal drug use, infrastructure is a mess, highest/most taxes, worst cases of the China-Virus!...
WHO’s @DrTedros is from Ethiopia, u want to know how long has he been in bed with China & how did we get into this mess? China & @DrTedros lied. People died. He & CCP should be charged with war crime. 
im not sure of the exact number. but from what ive read the issue isnt lack of testing but getting people to go in for it. a lot of countries are getting tests from china/korea
Andrew Hastie is one of a tiny number of Australian politicians who have been courageous enough to speak openly & honestly about the many threats China poses. He penned this prescient warning about Australia  too intertwined & dependant on China  …
MALCOLM: Why is Canada’s health minister backing up China’s lies?  
A former #Admissions official accused of helping students from #China cheat their way into the @USC’s graduate school has agreed to plead guilty to a federal #WireFraud charge, announced the US Attorney’s  …
Superlabs, virus leaks, biological warfare and more. Here's what you need to know about the war of words between China and the US over the coronavirus outbreak 
Not only did President* Trump falsely claim again today at Pandemic Propaganda Hour that his China travel ban was successful, but it is clear that he does not understand the concept of social distancing as he considers opening churches for Easter.  …
5G push & pull is a war between an emerging China & a "sinking" U.S. Each wants to get ahead of the other in science & tech,economy,alliances,& control of global intergovernmenal institutions like the UN & its many specialised bodies. The whole truth!
I can't believe the tweet you did today @RepGosar. I understand China took too long  around, however you are blaming #media for people dying? You do remember Trump saying 15 #COVID19 pts will be zero? right? Seen this ad? Who's to blame?  
Do you feel like we (the average US citizen) are getting enough information regarding China Virus statistics?
. @KenRoth It's wrong that you choose to side with China and its oppressive regime rather than admit the truth that the U.N. Human Rights Council has turned into an Orwellian nightmare.  …
5 months later, 65K dead globally. Or let’s crash the global economy lose about 1% of the population, rebuild under the direction of the UN and China. Get busy living, or get busy dying, living in isolation waiting for the government to save me...
Ali Baba dude & Bob Kraft owner of NE Patriots & close friends w/ @realDonaldTrump @POTUS lent his private jet to go pick up VENILATORS...but total jerk Cuomo cannot be “gracious” & thank anyone BUT frikn China who totally brought America to its knees w/virus & deaths! FU Cuomo!  …
Simple question that needs to be asked at the presser when trump says we have a lot of ventilators ready to go. Why the fuck are we getting them from china?
Trudeau says he won’t retaliate against US for not exporting N95 masks to Canada. If he didn’t ship 16 tonnes of Canada’s Personal Protective Equipment to China in Feb we wouldn’t now be at the mercy of other countries for vital supplies. #TrudeauMustGo
It was done on purpose! China is pissed because we have a President who has finally stood up and said you have screwed over our country and people for the last time! It's also why the Dems are pissed too, no more $$$in their pockets!  …
Australian politicians  out to speak against #China now it's politically popular to do so. What did they say when it really mattered, before all hell broke loose? Nothing. They said bugger all. #auspol #outsiders #skynews #chinavirus #coronavirus #libs #COVIDー19
This woman in China is ranting about the “unacceptable”criticism for the masks from western countries. She is threatening to increase the price amid shortage of masks outside of China. 
3. At this stage, with so many people's lives at stake, I decided to quit my previous job and start doing YouTube videos to tell the truth about the #COVID19, #China and the #CCP. I believe the truth does save lives.
2...the entire world. I also knew that the Chinese Communist Party ( #CCP) would, by nature, cover it up. Every day I tried to share as much as I could about the true, dire situation in China on social media, hoping the world would pick up the alarming signals.
Hi, please support my truth-telling effort! 1. As soon as the #COVID19( #CCPVirus) broke out in #Wuhan #China last Dec., I've been following this issue closely. From my experience with SARS 17 years ago, I somehow knew it would be huge and would affect... 
Not good: "Most coronavirus patients who end up on ventilators go on to die, according to several small studies from the U.S., China and Europe."  …
When does the retaliation against China begin?  government there knows damn well what it did
He is the President of the United States. His oath of office requires him to protect Americans against all enemies both foreign and domestic. Nothing in that oath says covering Justin Trudeau’s sorry ass because he sent 17 tons of PPE to China in February. I rest my case. Next.
I like americans  that china withheld information about the virus until it was "too late" like  useless US government and medical industry could have prevented its spread in any way even if given advanced warning.
I have deleted my tweet about the BMJ report on asymptomatic cases in China in light of severe criticism about the data and a request for it to be retracted.
There are many lessons to learn from #CoronavirusPandemic At the top of the list is the U.S. must stop relying on #China & other foreign nations for medicine & other critical supplies. We must ramp manufacturing at home & be reliant on none. My latest -->  …
So Joe, you forget calling him Xenophobic for issuing a Travel ban? China lied to the World, Joe. Period. The World can clearly see what your sick Partys intentions are tho. Yet another thing to falsely accuse @POTUS of. Continual Smear  …
America needs Hydroxychloroquine. India has the stockpile and production capacity. As America diversifies supply chains out of China, this is India's biggest opportunity. Alliances aren't built only on convenience but also on trust. India should ramp up production and supply.
To all you socialists out there: I guarantee the United States  up with a cure faster than China even with a 3 month head start. I’ll be waiting.
430,000 people traveled from China to U.S. since coronavirus surfaced China, WHO & the left were attacking Trump’s travel ban. There r hundreds more kinds of deadly virus developed in Wuhan P4 lab, Trump needs to make the China travel ban permanent.  …
Take all those WHO and various other official tweets about no risk of coronavirus from China, no need to wear masks etc and show them to people with “I <3 Science” bumper stickers
. @AFP #REPORT: It’s #Imperative That #China #BanYulin & The #DCMT Along w/ #WetMarkets #Sick & #Healthy #Cats #Dogs #Crammed #Together In #Cages For #Transport #Unhygienic LIVE #Slaughter= #BreedingGround For #Rabies & #Viruses Like #COVID19 
It is the height of Western chauvinism that Western "leftists" are releasing pieces & interviews on how the US should shift towards a socialism to address COVID-19 and they don't even mention the successful responses by China or Vietnam—existing global south socialist systems.
Don't download that app! Search online, it has Spyware. liberals are reporting to ccp, do you trust China with all your info? @PattyHajdu publicly gaslit a reporter to protect China. Today China congratulated her. There's lots more proof the liberals are acting on behalf of China  …
As a strong leader Pres. @realDonaldTrump restricted China travel. #JoeBiden spent 2 monthsbbashing the restrictions as “xenophobia” & “fear-mongering.” Biden flip-flopped; supports it now. 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Bold Christian 
"China may be able to put forth big, bold plans—the kinds of projects that analysts think of as long term—but the visionary projects of autocrats don’t usually pan out," @kroenig 
Denial and dysfunction as coronavirus raged - 70 days elapsed from Jan 3 when Trump was notified of the outbreak in China, until he began to take any action 21 days in Feb were lost as the WH relied on a coronavirus test known to be flawed -  …
And this is why I say that the problem for us is Zionism and always will be until it is defeated. We cannot make our own decisions on how to deal with Japan, China, or anyone else when these decisions are essentially being made from Tel Aviv or the offices of the AJC.
Beware of #Daigou! 'Surrogate Shopping' is an emerging form of cross-border exporting/ smuggling in which exporters  for China (in this case masks, hand sanitizer, alcohol wipes) to sell illegally at increased price.  …
2 I'll be direct ... 'When was the last time'[italics,sarcasm] @JustinTrudeau threatened retaliation against President #XiJinping #Beijing #China to SECURE RELEASE of "two Michaels"? #TwoMichaels Imprisoned Dec 10, 2018. 481 Days. #MichaelKOVRIG #MichaelSPAVOR 
Has Africa even been hit much by COVID? I havent heard much about it, its seems like China, the US, and Italy are the places hit the worst
THIS: "During Jan26–Feb10, an outbreak of #COVID19 in an air-conditioned restaurant in Guangzhou, China, involved 3 family clusters. The airflow direction was consistent w/droplet transmission."  
FDA to Allow Use of KN95 Masks Approved by China The masks are almost identical in performance to the N95 masks that hospitals and other institutions are struggling to find.  …
U know how bold the statement of fools can be especially when you read about 5G from people who live illegally under high tension cables of power lines yet making up foolish theories in alignment with factory workers in the swathes of China & the homeless in the slums of the UK.
. FAKE NEWS - TRUMP SLAMS LEFTIST MEDIA for THEIR LIES / CREATING FEAR & PANIC Trump Repeatedly Slammed FakeNews & their Leftist Puppet 'Reporters' at Today's Briefing - Calling them out for Their LIES . Leftist Media is aligned with China  …
multiple objectives. 2 cartels going down, trouble for columbia and mexico; VZ Maduro is done. Timing is everything. Relates directly to Assange/Seth Rich/ DNC leaks. Relates to Iran as well as China too. Very important moves being made, planned a long long time ago.
I wonder if Trump is going to start calling the Coronavirus “the American virus,” considering there are more cases in the U.S than China.
I hope the Russiagate skeptics who rightly fought that bogus narrative will do the same for the fraudulent campaign against China by the US government and media. That might endanger their appearances on Tucker Carlson, though. So we'll see how principled they really are.
#China should refuse to send medical gear to any country that enforces sanctions on others struggling through #Covid19. China is a UNSC permanent member and should use that authority to protect humanitarian law - and break the illegal sanctions cartel.  …
Our Vacationer in Chief gave away our stockpile of masks in February to China, the absolute liars who make the masks in the first place That's not Trump's fault. That's all Trudeau. We make the pulp here in Canada. Why can't we make a mask? What a disgrace.  …
It actually is China's fault....Mona now also broken by Trump era  …
Today an Airbus  from China landed in Hamburg, Germany with mask supplies to support Europe’s fight against #COVID19. Congrats to #TeamAirbus and all those who make it happen. #Airbus #Defence & #Space 
When someone from China is more helpful to NY than Trump
China is the enemy.  …
China Lied, People Died 
Sabrina Fitch, who flew from China to JFK on Mar 23, said she and 40 other passengers had their temperature taken twice while en route but that was it. “It was weird...Besides looking at our passports, they didn’t even question us like they normally  …
This article repeats the claim that leading Democrats and the media attacked Trump's Jan. 31 China travel restrictions as racist. This is false.  …  
 sense law enforcement by LA County Sheriffs Dept. One man on a paddle board on the bay endangers no one but himself. They put him into the same lockup they’re releasing criminals from over fear of the #WuhanVirus?? POTUS needs to call Gavin. This isn’t Red China!  …
UPDATE: @kayleighmcenany claims when was talking only about not letting the  to the US from China. FACT CHECK: 430,000 DID arrive from China after the outbreak began. Trump failed to track the disease from Day One. cc: @KFILE  …
China steps up with aid delivery of 1,000 much needed ventilators to NYC after the US government fails  through. "This is a big deal and it’s going to make a significant difference for us."  …
Bruce Heyman former US ambassador to Canada is on tv know blaming Trump for the Covid-19 virus. What an absolute asshole. Not one word of outrage against China.
Let me get this straight: Joe Biden called Trump's China Travel Ban as "Hysterical xenophobia" Now his campaign says he supports travel bans in response to the China Virus pandemic Wait—By his own standards, doesn’t that make him a “hysterical xenophobe?”
Dr #CharlesLieber, head of the chemistry and biology department at #HarvardUniversity, USA. He was just arrested today for selling the #COVID19 pathogen to #China Does anyone still believe the #Bat from a #WetMarket 
And to think, that a month ago, China looked to be on its knees, and the US was just a spectator. Incredible........  …
china  ethnic cleansing china  ethnic cleansing china  ethnic cleansing china  ethnic cleansing china  ethnic cleansing china  ethnic cleansing china  ethnic cleansing china  e
 regime has killed more people than any other ruling group in history, and now it is adding to its gruesome toll. #coronavirus  …
I would say that China has murdered 7,381.  …
The absolute refusal of the left to hold China  with their insistence on blaming Trump (and only Trump) for a problem that is affecting 150 other countries right now, is truly remarkable. There is seriously something wrong with these people's brains.
Maybe all the anti-Trump or pro-China tweets are liked by China bots, hence why they have 10000+ likes? No way Cuomo's tweet got 100000+ likes for thanking China.
WHO boss supported by China is now giving the nation too much credit on #coronavirus, critics  …
I am sick and tired of Westerners only caring about Chinese people who they can use to push an anti-China agenda. Westerners are always trying to twist out sob stories from Chinese people they can use to push their agenda.  …
Seems like fake news. 1. They would just cremate 2. They make more body bags than anywhere else in the world Not disputing China has lied about Covid deaths. But there is NO WAY they would advertise this fact by ordering fro anothe country
>China has mass surveillance So does America. >China has a social credit system America has an informal one where dissidents have a poor score permanently and  outcasts in society. >China’s dissidents disappear America’s dissidents get doxed and jailed.
Roy Green just said Trudeau shipped those 16 tons of medical supplies to China in February. I thought maybe December or January. But by February it must've been plain even to him we were going to need those gloves and masks.  #trudeaumustgo
If Donald Trump was president in 1939, he'd have called World War 2 a hoax, Nazis very fine people, praised Hitler for murdering his own population, and blamed China for it at the same time.
Trump's administration has been stealing medical supplies sent from China to Cuba, Germany, and France. He's also blocking 3M from sending masks to Canada. That fat greedy fuck is going to roast in hell.  …
**ON AIR NOW ** #China Expert @tmcgregorchina discusses #Covid19 Dr @Kevin_Hickson discusses Labour Party giant #PeterShore JOIN @georgegalloway WATCH on @RT_com 23:30 BST/GMT+1 Link:  
When a little country like Belgium soon passes China in total coronavirus deaths, how will China manage that their lies have  obvious?  …
You should be fired! You were lying to the American people about a Ukraine phone call instead of protecting us from from China’s negligence.
3/04 — 2019 Stringer Subject: Operation Active GOOG -> CHINA Symbolism will be their downfall... 
Thiswas February 1st in China. The man has a seizure for 45 seconds. At 49 seconds, the video skips ahead 10 minutes (see the time stamp) to show he has not moved, likely dead. Notice the similarity of the seized arm positions during the first seizure in the Indonesia video. 
“Allowing China’s oppressive and inhumane regime to choose the world investigators on freedom of speech, arbitrary detention & enforced disappearances is like making a pyromaniac into the town fire chief,” said @HillelNeuer, UN Watch’s Executive  …
Trudeau sends big shipment of masks to.China then gets mad Trump won't sell him any This is a LEADER?  …
40,000 travelers arrived in US on direct flights from China in the 2 months after Trump imposed restrictions on such travel. 400,000 arrived on direct flights, in January, from China. 700,000 travelers arrived from virus-infected parts of Europe in Feb-Mar.  …
#BREAKING: China urgently orders 200,000 body bags from Taiwan. I’m not the best at maths. But I’m pretty sure you don’t need 200,000 body bags for 3,326 dead people.
Why didn't he thank China for sending us the virus which got him on TV everyday for an hour!  …
Cuomo says China is donating 1,000 ventilators to New York  … via @BIZPACReview >> How many will work? How many will be sterile?
Are you taking the piss??? From feking China & you use Virgin,  who’s founder/owner sued the NHS?? WTAF are you thinking
Fuck Globalism Fuck China Wow they go together like peanut butter and jelly. Is this really so hard to understand?
It was undeniably a criminal act knowing that H2H transmission existed in late December but still denied it publicly until Jan 21. Worse, China’s CDC was fully aware of that scientific fact but chose to remain silent  Eternal shame on Xi’s CCP!  …
It’s definitely China’s fault.
Our media: fact checks memes and jokes but takes China’s word as gospel and we’re racists if we question the information. What a disgrace. Seriously GFY.
February 2: “We pretty much shut it  in from China.” April 4: Since Chinese officials disclosed the outbreak... on New Year’s Eve, at least 430,000 people have arrived in the United States on direct flights from China.  …
If you were mad last week when you found out Trudeau sent medical supplies to China back in January, you aren’t allowed to be mad today when Trump won’t allow 3M to sell masks to Canada. #COVID2019 #canpol
China must be held accountable and the must pay a price @CongressmanHice says on the #ToddStarnesShow.  
1. NY local officials in protest to trumps January 30, 2020 China travel ban, encouraged citizens to attend a festival in China town, and also downplayed the virus: 
New this morning. Hidden lede ; Australia had been trying to get the World Health Organization to push China to close its live wet markets as a health risk for some time prior to the coronavirus outbreak cc @thespybrief @DrDenaGrayson  …
Based on prior experience with respiratory viruses & on data from China, convalescent plasma – the plasma from the blood of recovered #COVID19 patients – may potentially lessen severity or shorten the illness caused by #COVID19.  
Democracies  and trust. Dictatorships use control and coercion. Both the US & China failed. The key difference is that democracies fail in a crisis when the system doesn't work. Dictatorships fail when it does.
“The Netherlands received 1.3 million masks from China, and 600,000 were defective. Spain and the Czech Republic also ordered hundreds of thousands of test kits, and 80% of them were reportedly defective.” “China sent test kits to the Phillipines found to be only 40% accurate.”
Interesting our media didn't cover this. In Dec. one  China's spies defected in AU. He shares how he infiltrated media, schools, & grass roots liberal movements. China is expanding their regime in SE Asia & the S Pacific. Watch Full Episode:  
I don’t trust WHOville They lie at will with time to kill They’re contradictions make me ill I do not trust them not one bit They seem to be so full of shit They told the lie on China’s call Stop blaming Trump for it all A global panic, and a mess I pray, you pray. God bless
Soon-to-be failed presidential candidate Bernie Sanders says @realDonaldTrump will cause thousands of Americans to die. In reality, Trump SAVED lives by implementing a China travel ban @ericbeachgop, remember when Biden & Bernie called Trump xenophobic for protecting 
1000 ventilators donated from China arrived in JFK airport New York Today. @NYGovCuomo expressed thanks for the donation of much-needed supplies from Tsai Foundation with Chinese government providing 
Patriots Team Plane Returns From 1.2M Scouting Trip To China, Shares Key Defensive Equipment With NY  
Hundreds of new ventilators are being manufactured daily in the UK - and 300 arrived from China on Saturday, a senior government minister has said 
People defending China  …
Do you even write your own tweets? I remember when you said banning travel from China was racist. What day is it Joe?? 
China joins Human Rights Council Panel despite: -mass surveillance -social credit system -disappearances of dissidents -organ harvesting industry -severe clampdowns on freedom of speech -shady coronavirus response It's like a bad joke  …
China is donating ventilators to keep New Yorkers alive and Occidentals are melting down in the replies  …
. @KenRoth You are the world's #1 defender of the U.N. Human Rights Council, tweeting of its "major advances", "important" resolutions & "high-powered" mechanisms. You claim it "keeps acting effectively." Now that China chooses the council's top investigators, why are you silent?  …
#FightTogether A donation of 1,000 ventilators from #China to New York arrived at the city's JFK Airport on Saturday. #COVID_19
One thing the time of #CoronavirusPandemic has reinforced is the United States does not need the UN. The United Nations is the problem, not the solution: China is appointed position on UN Human Rights Council  #COVID19 #CoronavirusUSA #MAGA
#COVID19Pandemic 1/n: Email from 王陸海|WANG Lu-hai, Professor at China Medical Univ in Taiwan, & alumnus of Micro Dept @IcahnMountSinai, sent to our Chair Dr. Peter Palese. I got permission to tweet the relevant part, showing Taiwan's role in this pandemic's response: see thread
New York, the epicentre of the trump virus, is receiving more support from China that from Washington.
My twitter account was created in 2013 and have 2000 followers. I often criticize "western media coverage of China", but no one paid me any "50 cents". In fact, the "50-cent army" is just your imagination. More and more Chinese people can't bear your lies. You, a fake news maker.  …
China sent Italy and Spain faulty equipment, check it first.
Wanted to share this because it's TRUE: Trump told us to protect our borders . He told us to bring manufacturing back home. He warned us about China. Told us to take care of America first. All of this well before the pandemic. And Democrats fought him every step of the way.
China’s government is no doubt delighted with federal Health Minister Patty Hajdu’s vigorous defence of its credibility regarding its role in the outbreak of COVID-19, which has created a global health and economic crisis. Canadians, on the other hand, should be concerned.
My Sunday Toronto Sun column: Patty Hajdu’s China Syndrome  … #cdnpoli #cdnpoli
Why was it called the corona virus if it started in china ?
The nation’s surveyed unemployment rate jumped from 5.2% in December to 6.2% in the January-February period, the highest rate on record. China needs to take more steps to give cash and benefits directly to the people, in addition to current measures.  …
#China does what @realDonaldTrump can't handle: get medical equipment to NY to help with the #COVID19 pandemic...  …
Elon Musk is gonna buy a thousand Cobol programmers in China, FDA-approved, and donate them, but when they arrive its gonna turn out to be twenty Sharepoint consultants all shouting over each other
#China wet markets have reopened-ban travel to and from China until they are closed for good! Please sign & RT! @Team4Nature @RobRobbEdwards @_AnimalAdvocate @veganfuture @Protect_Wldlife @GretaThunberg @KrisTompkins_ @BellaLack @kellyslater  …
#COVID19: Whistle-blower Dr Ai Fen has been "disappeared” in #China - the Head of Emergency at #Wuhan Central Hospital said two weeks ago she was stopped from raising the alarm when coronavirus first appeared #FreeDrAiFen  … @WHO @DrTedros 
What are the true origins of the Coronavirus? Bats in China are raising questions. A Watters’ World investigation with #stevenmosher and @JesseBWatters, tonight. #FoxNews 8pm 
At last. China under scrutiny  …
While Adam Schiff was conducting a politically motivated impeachment witchhunt, the coronavirus was spreading from China. What if Schiff used his time on the  to investigate the Chinese back in October November December? Might we not be in this situation today?  …
A Rapist Appointed To Look After Woman Welfare. A Butcher Appointed For Animal Husbandry Development. A Thief Appointed To Guard Treasury And China Joining Human Rights Panel & Monitoring Freedom Of Speech Are One And The Same. @UN , Did @RahulGandhi Passed That Way?
To date, @sdutBreen has drawn 20 editorial cartoons about the coronavirus pandemic. The first on Jan. 29 ripped China’s mishandling of it. The second on Feb. 3 envisioned the economic toll. The next ones on Feb. 25 and 27 zeroed in on early fears and Trump’s initial response. 1/? 
Remember: Zaosong Zheng, was indicted for trying to smuggle 21 vials of biological material out of the US to China and lying about it to fed investigators....[his] entry was sponsored by Harvard University, had hidden the vials in a sock....”  …
Based on data from COVID-19 patients from Wuhan, China, that died as a result of the infection, researchers have identified many  the patients shared. #covid19  …
Amazing that the People's Republic of China will likely  out of the COVID-19 crisis more strongly-positioned as a world leader. The  of this administration is ringing a death knell for American influence that will take years, if not decades to reclaim.
"China’s got its hand lovingly around our throat because our elite have been moving into greater and greater states of China dependence” – @EricRWeinstein on @joerogan New NOTES  … #COVID2019
Apologies Asian 1-2 million Hong Kong 1 million Swine Flu 19,000 Bird Flu difficult to quantify as different strains but my point is valid on what are we not being told! China country of 1.4bn have 3500 deaths and now fully open?!
'True friend' China helps Algeria battle coronavirus  
The media is broken. Here Glenn actively revels in scoring points for his agenda by suggesting a pandemic that China lied about is the fault of the President he doesn’t like. He just loves the idea that markets are getting destroyed so he can use it as an opportunity to grow gov.  …
"It’s been a long time. Before we couldn’t dare  out." The atmosphere in the epicenter of the Covid-19 outbreak, Wuhan, is tense ahead of China lifting its lockdown on the city April 8 
#Hangzhou park security uses smart glasses to read visitors' temperature #China 
China ventilators to NY were not from China Government, they were from Jack Ma
President Trump’s second term wishlist: •Overturn Roe v Wade •7-2 conservative SCOTUS majority •Finish building the wall •Pass the fair tax •Start paying off our national debt •Pump up tarriff’s on China •Make China pay •Promote American industry •More Winning
Shorter Bulwark: Everything bad in the world is Trump's fault and keep offshoring all the supply chains to China  …
BBC ha not mentioned Germany confiscated a container full of masks from china transiting to italy France has confiscated masks due for Italy Turkey wanted more cash for masks That the EU did not allow fly over from Russian aid for Italy. BBC is BIASED #DefundTheBBC
I’d like to thank the People’s Republic of China for helping New York City when our federal government is failing us.  …
China did fake their numbers, not just the #WuhanVirus numbers, but their GDP numbers, employment numbers, etc. Do your research before you speak.
Agree! I signed the Petition to President Donald Trump to hold China’s government accountable for the coronavirus -->  … It's nearly 87 000  …
Numerous reason including the fact that the chairman of the Health Committee on the NY City Council told everyone  to the Chinese celebration in late Feb, a month after Trump stopped flights from China to USA. I wonder how many people became infected at this one event.
The @XpengMotors P7 electric sedan will soon launch in China. Will it take a bite out of @tesla Model 3 sales there? Maybe. It might just be the first real  Tesla's had in China, as of yet. 
many forget China re South America (Trump knows) China's intention of overtaking WW economy, supported by BHO et al, a new 'wave' of attempt to create similar to "silk road" since May '17 (they were already in CA and Panama). One Belt One Road Project!  …
well if you spent some time understanding the facts about China Virus you would know. 1. Its the weather, The virus likes the cold and doesn't like high humidity 2. NY is more condensed and will spread much easier through populations that live on top of one another.
With air raid sirens wailing and flags at half-mast, China has held a three-minute nationwide moment of reflection to honour those who have died in the #coronavirus 
So far China has sold or given faulty substandard equipment to the Czech's, the Spanish and the Dutch. There have been reports that some of the testing kits have been contaminated with Coronavirus. I wouldn't want to have to depend on this equipment to keep me safe.
Freedom Watch Inc, a US  has filed a  against China and the Wuhan Virology Institute at the International Criminal Court for “crimes against humanity and genocide by the development of outlawed biological warfare weapons”.
China is now replacing Jesus with its president... yeah and some of you are still blind 
The brutality Italy has suffered is entirely on China! The Chinese demanded Italy not close flights to & from China! Or else! Northern Italy has many business ties with China! China demands on open travel exposed millions of Italians to death!  …
The government will lobby China through international forums to enforce its ban on the trade in wild animal meat |  …
Oh, we feel so much better now that we’re getting more cheap garbage from China. I know I’ll be able to sleep at night. Go fuck your self ⁦ @JustinTrudeau⁩ you useless piece of China ass kissing shit!!  …
In China's defense, US was provocatively dressed.
He told you everything was under control and it was going down close to zero. While 430,000 people arrived in America from China.  …
"We express our deepest solidarity with friendly China," said the crown prince of Abu Dhabi on Saturday while China observed a national mourning for COVID-19 victims  
Fury over 'Pokemon' jibe on French TV during China virus homage  …
"Think about that: On Jan. 28, the WHO praised China for its 'speed and openness' in dealing with the virus. "The same day, President Trump expanded U.S. airport screenings to identify travelers showing symptoms and instituted mandatory quarantines."  …
Hey #MeToo Trojan: Nice headline you got up there. Too bad you're stupid to look a little but further into it. Why should the United States give China money for their #coronavirus lab in #Wuhan ? To me it looks more like a #ChineseWuhanVirus revenge courtesy of 
"China has tried to restore its image after lying to the world about the seriousness of its coronavirus outbreak, but its attempts at humanitarianism have turned out to be as slippery as its wet markets," writes  …
The Business Post got a copy of the HSE’s audit of the PPE consignment from China. Report on this tomorrow. Unfortunately quite a bit of substandard material that is unsuitable. PPE = huge concern for staff. HSE operating in v tough global procurement market. 
There is no evidence, zero, none, even from China or French quacks, that chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine are effective prophylactics against COVID-19, and any physician prescribing for such should go to prison.
On Trump's cowardly dodge RE: Joe Biden calling him out for his failure to prepare our nation for the coronavirus pandemic, here's Biden warning Trump not to take China's word on containment. But Trump did just that, and praised their handling of the crisis.  …
haven't played this gem in ages #12inch80s China Crisis - King In A Catholic Style (Wake Up)(Extended Version)(1985)  
There was no need to test! I totally shut it  in from China except for 430,000 people!  …
Shutting it  in from China? Even that was total lie.  …
<100 IQ: "our gubmint is to blame for Corona being here!" 115 IQ: "something  China and haha look at the weird stuff the Chinese eat" 130+ IQ "our gubmint is to blame for Corona being here!" 
Hmmm...U.S. cases vs China cases.  
India Drags China To International Court For COVID-19 War In addition to the  a $20 trillion lawsuit has also been filed against China for waging a Biological war in Texas Federal Court, alleging that it unleashed the corona virus as a bio weapon upon the world
You mean the chinese virus from China that is racist if we call it Chinese Virus? That Chinese Virus?  …
NEVER FORGET ALL CCP APATHS TO CHINA'S SUCCESS DISREGARD THE LIVES OF THEIR PEOPLE #Wuhan virus  
Is this China now or America? I’m beginning to think that we have lost our minds ? What’s next firing squads? Stop this madness now !! #COVID19Pandemic  …
And yet American media is China's mouthpiece. How low and pathetic that is.
We never hear from Chinese people support or applaud their gov't's efforts at containing the outbreak, only the voices that bolster Westerners' preconceptions of China or that can be cynically used to achieve imperialist political objectives  …
Better give Trump like 35 Pinocchios for not being able to see the future at the very beginning of February when China was lying to the world about how contagious and deadly the coronavirus is.  …
I don’t think it’s asking too much to have everyone wear masks. My wife just left for work and my son just got home. I sit here heartbroken and worrying about my wife and children. This is bull crap. China needs to pay DEARLY
A woman in Wuhan, China headed from isolation to finish recovering from COVID-19 asked the bus driver to stop—as her sister called out for her from down the street. The two shared a brief, tearful reunion from a distance.  
China : We have a New Product Called Emilio but Due to some circumstances His Gf Nadiya don't know the Stalaza so we Move @Emilio_YouTube
East meets west. Short relaxing clip of Master Shaofan Zhu from China practicing Qi Gong on Dún Aonghusa, Inis Mór in the Aran islands  by Deirdre Ní Chinnéide singing in Irish. Recorded by my mother in 2018 during Dr Zhu's 1st visit back there in approx 30 years. 
UK cabinet minister announced that the country has received 300 ventilators from China. 
These infection numbers make no sense unless America is testing substantially more people than any other country. Not including China because all their numbers are BS to begin with. I’m referring to the European countries.
what’s really cool is this is also how the government treats foreign aide. so like, china sends over a shipment of 200,000 N95s. those are handed over to FEMA. FEMA deposits them *at essentially no cost* to private distributors, who then *sell them* to states and hospitals.  …
So you're yell me if I violate the stay at home order I can be arrested but you're letting criminals out of jail so they don't get the ChiNa virus. Makes since to me.
Senior #Liberal and #Labor MPs in #Australia condemned the #CCP One blamed them for a coverup of #COVID19 causing the pandemic Another said #China’s lies had “shredded their credibility across the globe” We must stand united against the tyrannical CCP!  …
Moron, putting tariffs on oil imports to protect the oil workers, is actually taxing the oil workers BECAUSE WE PAY THE TARIFFS NOT CHINA. Three fucking years and you still don’t get a basic concept. WE PAY THE TARIFFS 
I want @realDonaldTrump to take a MUCH harder line with China. This isn’t the art of the deal anymore. It’s life and death of the USA. China needs to pay dearly. #COVID19 #coronavirus #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied
Since China’s authorities disclosed the coronavirus outbreak to international health officials on Dec 31, at least 430,000 people arrived in US on direct flights from China 40,000 have arrived after Trump imposed loopholed restrictions, well into this week  …
The US now has >300,000 total confirmed #COVID19 cases, the most by far in the world (but who knows about #China). As I've warned, #coronavirus cases in the Southern Hemisphere are starting to surge as their flu season starts. #Brazil is now a hot 
Black China Man - 雷吉·馬丁 (reggiemartin10) Instagram feed updated with BLACKPINK "The first K-Pop girl group to reach 1.1Billion views on YouTube. Amazing  #LISA #JENNIE #ROSÉ #JISOO #블랙핑크 
Funny how, while everyone else in the world is quarantined, China is back to work making supplies for the rest of us. A lot of profit to be made in medical supplies right now. Almost as though they planned it this way.
When Trump keeps saying he “stopped people from China  in” — per usual, he’s lying. Almost a half million came in since #coronavirus 
The 5G Talks: Those interested in knowing much about 5G war btw China & the U.S.should read:FOREIGN AFFAIRS @ForeignAffairs of SEPTEMBER/OCTBER 2018 Titled:World Web War. And pay much attention to Adam Segal's article "When China Rules the web ". We can talk afterwards.
The supply chain for many drugs goes through India and China, and this pandemic has highlighted how, when catastrophe strikes, each country looks to its own needs. This is not just with respect to PPE or ventilators, but basic and crucial drugs. [thread continues...] 25/
He was correct. It took a global pandemic from China that shut down the entire country just to get the stock market and unemployment back to Obama-era numbers.
I kept this article. He’s been arrested today!! Harvard professor arrested for conspiring with Chinese spies to smuggle “biological material”  China  …
Back streets of China town. 
Trump didn’t stop travel from China because he was worried about #COVID19. He did it because he hates China and thought they’d be pissed. It’s like he stuck his foot out to trip someone—but ended up stopping a baby carriage from crashing. He’s no hero. #COVIDIOT #TrumpVirus
A lot going on in this, but one thing I wanna point out is that Chinese ppl are so dehumanized in the west, that the only way they can ever be seen as fully human is if they speak out against their gov’t, if their stories can be used to support our own hawkish stance toward China 
New daily #coronavirus cases in the US continue to ACCELERATE (~30,000 today), setting the global pace, albeit #China not accurate. #COVID19 deaths will SKYROCKET for ~2-3 weeks *after* the number of new cases flattens. Countries with #lockdowns were able to 
To buy something from China, people have to be willing to risk hurting their pet, their children, putting Americans out of work, & replacing cheap products every 3 months or so. Not to mention the freaky viruses that originate from China. It's worth the challenge to mfg American.  …
Baddi: Pharmaceutical industry has been badly hit due to #Coronavirus outbreak. Munish Thakur, General Secretary,Himachal Drugs Manufacturing Association says," #COVID19 has badly hit the pharma industry.Raw materials for this industry are imported mostly from counties like China" 
Trump is flat-out lying about @JoeBiden and the China travel ban "Trump’s portrayal of his China order isn’t accurate, and there’s no record of Biden specifically criticizing the decision."  …
Wait. What? Who the hell in their right mind would want to go to China?  …
His mental illness is so nakedly apparent. The way he hyper-fixates on things - closing off travel from China, hydoxychloriquin, his perfect phone call, etc. He parrots these things in a way that shows a lack of depth of thought that speaks to larger brain function deficits.
It took TWO MONTHS for Joe Biden to finally admit that President @realDonaldTrump's decision to restrict travel from China was the right call. CATCH UP JOE! 
India Drags China To International Court For #COVID19 War ... #GreatGameIndia reporting on the sinister aspect of #Coronavirus being manufactured as a biological weapon.. THE U.S. SHOULD FOLLOW SUIT ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩  …
. FAKE NEWS - BLOOMBERG JUMPS IN to DEFEND CHINA's DISEASE-RIDDEN 'WET MARKETS' Bloomberg JOKE 'News' Gushes over China's Wet Markets -the Source of Numerous International Health Issues over Time . Mike Bloomberg is a China Puppet...  …
After the virus was controlled in China. The markets for the animals that caused the virus returned to sell the animals again. The question for China is, did you not learn the lesson? Do you want to eliminate humanity? 
It’s outrageous for Canada’s health minister to try to intimidate a reporter into not asking questions about China’s alleged role in the spread of COVID-19"  … #cdnpoli
President Trump is probably the ONLY president who would have closed the ‘border’ with China knowing full well he would be called racist and xenophobic. Thank God we have a President who does the right thing and isn’t afraid of the politically correct Left.
On new #AxeFiles, @drsanjaygupta credited @realDonaldTrump for limiting travel from China in Jan. But, he said, the time it bought was squandered. “We didn't start actually creating more ventilators, having more personal protective equipment, creating that surge capacity.”
Trump fired our pandemic response team in 2018; He ignored ominous warnings in Intel reports about a deadly virus spreading outside of China in Jan; He delayed testing betw Jan & March. He failed to make critical preparations, including protecting our frontline medical heroes.  …
Biden called Trump "xenophobic" for banning  in from China and admitted yesterday that it was the right move Obama-Biden refused to restock the federal stockpile of masks after they used them all and ignored warnings every year that there weren't enough ventilators  …
li ziqi's videos are lovely bc they are all about  farming life that every sapphic loves but in the context of modern semi-rural china without the unsettling implications of white women constantly fantasizing abt 19th century settler homestead culture
If nothing changes after #CoronaPandemic but: - four times as many parents will homeschool & - public indoctrination - China good—US bad - stops & - all our vital medical equipment and antibiotics are manufactured at home for Americans, It will have been worth it. #AbolishWHO
I want a register of every trip to China taken by our MPs state, Federal and including local councillors...that will be interesting reading...happy to exclude Ministers on questionable state business
" It’s not a good look for media outlets to again fall in line with the  out of China, a country whose officials have also accused the US Army of engineering the virus and releasing it into Wuhan." By  …
Traitor SchiftySchiff... Mark Levin: "Reprobate" Adam Schiff Giving "Aid And Comfort" To The Enemy; First Russia, Now China  …
China and UN Human Rights Council should not be in the same sentence.
China silenced coronavirus whistleblower Dr. Li Wenliang China to pick U.N. Human Rights Council's next monitor on world health Why,  …
According to Iran &China's statistical model, America has 219 deaths of Corona & 2225 people who've contacted the virus. The stat provided was based on Iran and China's model and we gave the higher ratio. And now if this stat is wrong, #China, #Russia & #Iran need be 
He...did...not...ban...China...travel. Google it. He banned foreign nationals/Americans  home if they were in China within the prior 14 days.... #Trump
How  China joining U.N. “Human Rights” panel?! The government oppresses, tortures and silences their own people... what a sick joke the UN is.  …
300,000 people came in from China in the month before Trump says he "shut down" travel. 40,000  in since the "total ban." And it was 2 weeks after the US first case was identified. So maybe one you reporters could challenge him on his big fucking brag there.
President Trump: "Breaking news last night, you know that you saw that, where I think the probable presidential candidate for the Democrats will be Joe Biden, and he agreed that I was correct when I stopped people from China very early  into our country."
China was appointed on Wed to a UN Human Rights Council panel where it will play a key role in picking the world body’s human rights investigators — including global monitors on freedom of speech, health, enforced disappearances, & arbitrary detention. You can’t make this up!  …
American scholars were extolling the virtues of 5G until it became obvious China would win the race for deploying that, suddenly they did an about-turn and 5G became a bad thing. LOL! Beware who's pulling your strings.
Some 40,000 people have flown into the US from China since Trump imposed the travel restrictions. The restrictions were limited- not actually designed to be  ban. 
Trump keeps claiming he moved "very very early" in stopping  in from China. He did this: 1) After US carriers had already stopped flights 2) After some 50 other countries had already done this.
"I was called xenophobic, racist I was called many things when I did that early" - President Trump on his travel restriction with China. Sleepy Joe, of course, accused Trump of xenophobia. Wake up Sleepy, Trump Saved Lives!
How does even make sense that they’re leaving a multitude of suffering people in Europe, America and Asia  and “help” Africa with fewer suffering people. Start curbing Corona virus in America , Italy and China with those Vaccines . They have most cases of carriers for now.
Dr. Birx: As the President said, he is concerned about every person succumbing to this virus. I beg to differ, Dr. Birx, but Trump did NOT say that! Trump interrupts: BREAKING news last night Joe Biden said I did a great job stopping China from flying in. #StopAiringTrumpNow
UNITED, DELTA, & AMERICAN ALL CANCELLED FLIGHTS FROM CHINA BEFORE TRUMP'S BAN!
This is one of the biggest lies. Donald Trump never stopped  from China. He was late to the game and there were huge loopholes in the fake "ban".
Trump on his travel restrictions on China: "I got a lot of credit for it in The Federalist."
Are these the same ones that Spain sent back to China because they were defective?  …
China also burn its citizens alive while they are dying from Corona virus. 
China just joined the United Nations Human Rights Council Panel where they'll have the role of helping choose UN monitors on free speech, enforced disappearances, arbitrary detention and HEALTH?!?!?!
Trudeau: Sends 16 tonnes of medical suppies to China MSM-Crickets Trump:  should prioritize domestic need MSM-Trump is killing Canadians! When are people going to realize the MSM is just shifting attention away from the negligence of our government? #PPC
Remember how Trump's only claim that he ever took the crisis seriously early on was that he blocked flights from China? Yeah, not so much. The order was chock full of loopholes, like letting any American citizen back in.
We may never know why Trump let the coronavirus happen. It's probably  of reasons. - he ignored the red flags - he was asleep at the switch - gross  - he's too ignorant & insecure to listen to experts - he's a sociopath - he's a idiot - China duped him  …
China did something. But, just as dangerous, Dems are using this to turn us into socialists at  at worst. They have a taste of controlling our entire lives. They will now call for a shut down for pollution. Wait & see. They’ll never allow us our freedom back.
Nearly 40,000 travelers arrived in U.S. on direct flights from China in the 2 months after President Trump imposed restrictions on such travel, according to an analysis of data collected in both countries 
Every time this graph is shown it legitimises the numbers from China. I can’t think of a single reputable data scientist who would allow something so inherently dubious and unverifiable to be put alongside legitimate numbers.  …
The first case of coronavirus appeared in Wuhan on 17 November 2019, and the number of patients continued to increase until 27 December...Yet China delayed for three more days in informing...the WHO. Also, Beijing did nothing to inform the Chinese people  …
#Trump received his FIRST FORMAL NOTIFICATION of the outbreak of the coronavirus in China on Jan. 3 Within days, U.S. spy agencies were signaling the seriousness of the threat to Trump by including a warning about the virus — THE FIRST OF MANY — in the President’s Daily Brief
Health screening began in mid-January, but only for travelers from Wuhan and only at the airports in Los Angeles, San Francisco and New York. The measures were expanded to all passengers from China 2 weeks later.
During the first half of January, no passengers from China were screened for potential exposure to the virus at a time when it was little understood.
Trump is 100% going to Epstein himself with covid19 to provoke the "war" with China. Fresh Intel from a Navy carrier seems to confirm.
Like flooding your neighbour’s house then tossing them a roll of paper towel. Thanks SO much China. 
China imposes draconian censorship China to select UN monitor on free speech China arbitrarily detains human rights activists China to pick UN monitor on arbitrary detention China disappears dissidents China to select UN monitor on enforced disappearances  …
The US at over 300 0000 Coronavirus cases Africa has under 10k This is a war between America and China I’m telling you. We just got caught in the crossfire
“The Trump administration received its first formal notification of the outbreak of the coronavirus in China on Jan. 3. Within days, U.S. spy agencies were...including a warning about the coronavirus — the first of many — in the President’s Daily Brief.”  …
Any imports from China needs to be "return to sender". We can manufacture anything and everything including ventilators and masks- just remove the ridiculous red tape and extraneous fees and taxes.
Since Chinese authorities disclosed the outbreak of a mysterious pneumonia-like illness, later revealed to be the coronavirus, to international health officials on New Year’s Eve, at least 430,000 people arrived in the U.S. on direct flights from China 
The U.S. embargo on #Cuba is keeping the country from receiving vital supplies from China to fight  …
#French Health Minister Olivier Véran said that France has ordered nearly 2 billion #masks from China. And it is ordering more: French media reports. #CoronavirusPandemic 
Has anyone seen a model(s) showing the spread of coronavirus in America far before travel from China was restricted? This clearly started before even our current worst case scenarios map out... where are the charts showing mapping and spread with earlier dates?
When the government of China is a more reliable partner than your own government.  …
China obviously doesn’t like President Trump and the tariffs. China, and the #Globalists, obviously don’t want to see Donald Trump re-elected. How would China stop President Trump? Destroy the USA economy with a #coronavirus ! It’s a possibility. Not a conspiracy theory.
More than 430,000 persons traveled from China to USA on DIRECT flights AFTER the Covid19 started. How RIDICULOUS!   …
New York Gov. Cuomo said an order for 17,000 ventilators from federal officials "never came through." Now, others are sending the equipment: Oregon is donating 140 and China facilitated a delivery of 1,000. 
NYC will get more ventilators from China than from Washington.  …
I’d  fine if we nuked all of China’s infrastructure.
WTH...Wrong! Trump closed our Border between China and US in January...you called Trump a Xenophobe.. since then you’ve backtracked! Nancy was in SF inviting Americans to Chinese New Years during an outbreak! Did you have another Brain Freeze? #bidenhasdementia
Communist China is one of the biggest human rights violators in the world. The @UN is a  …
As expected, i post 1 satirical article  and now  in my mentions arguing "But China". If somehow they convinces me modern China is  then the argument they're left with is "I want to live in an authoritarian police state".
Taiwan warned the World Health Organization in December the #coronavirus could be spread between people. The WHO hid that from the world because of China. Something to think about during quarantine.  
Restrictions were limited. 450,000 people came in from China during Trump’s “ban”. He never had  ban.
with 1,295 deaths, Germany’s fatality rate stood at 1.4  with 12 percent in Italy, around 10 percent in Spain, France and Britain, 4 percent in China and 2.5 percent in the Us  …
Zhaoxing Dong Village is located in Liping County, Guizhou Province of China. All buildings are wooden-stilt houses. This is a picturesque village noted for beautiful natural sights and unique ethnic style. It surrounded by verdant mountains with a crystal stream running through. 
China donating 1,000 ventilators to a NY that desperately needs them. I join my fellow New Yorkers in saying thank you.  …
Baotu Spring is located in the centre of Baotu Spring Park and is renowned as the best of the 72 springs in Jinan, Shandong Province of China. According to research, this spring can be dating back to the Shang Dynasty (1600BC –1046BC), some 3400 years ago. 
Hong Kong protesters used Pepe as a symbol of freedom against mainland china, the world doesn't revolve entirely around US politics and shitposting. 
The Great Wall of China, one of the greatest wonders of the world, was listed as a heritage by UNESCO in 1987. With a history of 2,700 years, Great Wall is one of the most appealing attractions all around the world owing to its architectural grandeur and historical significance. 
News Analysis #Chinese coffeehouse chain #LuckinCoffee announced it had “fabricated” hundreds of millions of dollars in sales figures after an internal investigation. This #Fraud is a huge blow for one of #China’s most marketable and popular brands.  …
Having said that, China had also  through the Mongol conquests, so people were, shall we say, less interested in a bunch more upheaval. The stability and quality of life they were enjoying partially contributed to the initial outbreak, actually.
You called him racist for shutting down travel from China. When it was time for us to kill Bin Laden you said you wouldn't have had our guys to go into to do the job. You're indecisive Joe...
The virus was manufactured in China and it hit Italy, Spain and America so hard and kills them in thousands (Subhanallah). The vaccine was made in Europe and United State of America, but they intends to tested in Africa. Kaji rainin wayoo. #AfricansAreNotGuineaPigs 
"Is the way China has been acting after Nov.17th, discussed above in detail, congenial for the emergence of an equitable world order based on ethics, transparency, democracy, and goodwill? Well, in my view, it is not."  …
Bloomberg Publishes Gushing Article About China’s ‘Wet Markets,’ Compares Appeal To Farmers Markets  
FIVE page special tomorrow: CHINA IN THE DOCK Glen Owen on startling Cobra briefing about Wuhan lab @MrHarryCole on Beijing's  bill @mrevgenylebedev  regimes @TomTugendhat on what next @ianbirrell on China's toxic lackey: the WHO 
The way he pronounces China. Also, when he repeats a word (hotspot) like a  who keeps saying the punchline when the joke dies.
The night scenery of the Tang Paradise. The Tang Paradise is located in Qujiang Resort of Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. The site covers a total area of 165 acres. It is the first royal-garden-like park to give a culture display of Tang Dynasty (618 - 907). 
Muslim travel ban, nearly starting wars with Iran and North  breakdown of trade with  reversal of all market gains since the moment he was elected, two ultra right wing supreme court justice, innumberable federal judges, cut Pandemic response team,  …
ARRESTED! Charles Lieber the Head of Chemistry and Biology Depart at Harvard Paid by China to set up Research lab Also 2 Chinese Nationals 1 A Lieutenant in the Peoples Liberation Army of China 1 Smuggling vials of biological Material to China 
Chinese Envoy Disputes U.S. Intel Reports Alleging China Hid COVID-19 Cases  … #OANN 
Small multiples for daily new deaths: • Belgium tracking Italy • Portugal may  down off its steep path • Switzerland & Sweden tracking China All charts:  
Most coronavirus deaths. Italy: 15,362 Spain: 11,814 US: 8,344 France: 7,560 UK: 4,313 Iran: 3,452 China: 3,326 Netherlands: 1,651 Germany: 1,395 Belgium: 1,283 Switzerland: 666 Turkey: 501 Brazil: 431 Sweden: 391 Portugal: 266 Canada: 231 Indonesia: 191 World: 64,270
My foreign friends in China told me to keep an eye on the rice. right now in China they're hoarding rice and other grains, and this may cause a supply chain issue, if the people of China don't stop hoarding…  …
The Bell Tower of Xi'an is located in the center of Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. It is the largest and most well preserved bell tower in China. The tower is a brick and timber structure and close to 40 m (130 ft) high. It was built in 1384 during Ming Dynasty (1368 - 1644). 
Didn't Joe Biden call President Trump racist when he banned flights from China before Coronavirus was not known to 75% of American citizens
#CommunityAlert If you are using the #TikTok app, #China is collecting your personal information. #RETWEEET #RETWEET #RETWEET Follow 
$10 says no one can guess what China is gonna offer Canada in the next few days...  …
Macron asked China for 1 billion masks and Xi said we will give them to you if you implement 5G with huawei. 
Fastest way to reach that goal of 100,000 deaths, you f’ers, set us up for us, is to receive sh** from China.  …
China ain’t winning. We are all winning. New world order Bill Gates 5GinNigeriaBants 
Great Wall of China, 1907 
10 million Americans lost their jobs in two weeks because of #China h/t @JoeDanMedia #ChinaVirus #COVID19 
The Media Owe Republican Senator Tom Cotton an Apology He never said China intentionally released the coronavirus, and his suggestion that the disease originated in a Wuhan laboratory looks increasingly plausible.  …
It’s almost impossible for the US economy to sustain its  including vs. China, if there’s not a stronger social safety net for workers, especially in difficult times such as now.  …
China says thank you.
NeverTrump defending China. Anyone surprised?
Interesting. Cuomo thanked China for the 1,000 ventilators they sent to NYC this morning. I view this as Trump’s mirrored counter-move.  …
Liberal Socialist Media’s Double Standard - Censor Trump’s Briefings & Air China’s Propaganda !! Yet the media is asking for a stimulus package to help their industry. @realDonaldTrump please don’t allow this to happen & give them the middle finger from all Americans ! 
China Floods Europe With Defective COVID-19-Fighting Medical Equipment | Zero Hedge millions of pieces of medical equipment donated by, or purchased from, China to defeat the pandemic are defective and unusable.  …
I am more worried not because worldwide cases increasing but worried as China's cases not increasing and there will be something dangerous and hidden.
Yes, because he totally could have foreseen a virus foisted on the world via China. Good take dude.
Russian State  Rosneft on US sanctions today donated heavily to US COVID-19. Dispatched plane load full of medical supplies. China donated 1000 ventilators & other medical equipment. Capitalism is reeling. This crisis has exposed empty Western public finance coffers. 
BTS’ Jungkook steals the spotlight during their appearance on U.S. talk shows as he goes viral for his vocals and visuals  … via @allkpop
Italy - 15 632 Deaths Spain - 11 814 Deaths USA - 8 114 Deaths France - 6 507 Deaths UK - 4 313 Deaths China - 3 326 Deaths AFRICA is not even close to any these numbers, Why start the testing in Africa #AfricanIsNotAnExperiment #AfricansAreNotGuineaPigs 
Jan-Feb, 2020– #ClusterTrump administration sends $27 Million worth of ventilators to China; USAToday➔  … April 4, 2020– “Ford & GM are undertaking a warlike effort to produce ventilators. It may fall short  too late” WaPo➔  
Latest from Joe..... China?! C'mon man! China's not a threat to us! Take it from me, I know China. Hunter and I made millions from China! They're the best! Hey, you wanna do some push-ups? C'mon man! Hey, rub my leg hair! All the kids love it. Joe, 30330, OUT!"
#China's Communist Party, in addition to dominating those it considers "Chinese" in #HongKong and #Taiwan, seeks to eliminate racial and ethnic minorities inside its borders. And it will seek to rule the rest of the world. Its insidious campaign is slow but murderous  …
Hamburg Our first China-Germany direct flight has landed - #facemasks ready to be dispatched across the country by the German Government. #COVID19 
I don’t reflexively dislike the U.N., and no country has a perfect human rights record, including of course my own. But it seems worth noting that China is  genocide.  …
Why does America give hundreds of millions of dollars to @WHO? They are radically pro-abortion. They won’t even recognize Taiwan, because WHO is loyal to Taiwan's political enemy, human rights abuser China. Why are we spending money to support a dishonest, abusive org?
Bush globalists: always putting America last... Bush Foundation Sent 2 Million Masks To China Despite Domestic Shortages!  …
Britain has bought thousands of ventilators from China to arrive soon, foreign sec says  …
It’s no longer a secret they Democrats & the deep state are now working hand in hand with the Chinese govt. to take down America. China lied, killed doctors who tried to warn the world & allowd this virus to spread but now they are the heroes according to these traitors.  …
The Irony Is Unbelievable !!!China gives the World the Coronavirus, Chinese Virus, Rona, whatever you want to call it that’s killing people around the World and The UN puts them on the ‘Human Rights Panel’. Go Figure #KAG #UN #KAG2020  …
The $200,000 for the Trudeau Foundation will be used to support conferences and similar events on the evolving role of China in the world and Canada-China relations. They also focus on people. Oh, and they built a statue of Pierre.  …
5G don cause Wahala. Lol. The whole 5G Cold War between China and America has reached denouement inside this COVID19 madness.
Meme stocks are always the most dangerous. "The Amazon of pizza delivery" "The Starbucks of China" "The Apple of marijuana dispensaries" This is how most meme stocks end up. Always stay away from meme stocks. 
Decisions, decisions, I've been trying to figure out my China virus attire. Figure if I'm going to wear PPE and a mask, it might as well be tactical. So if you see me walking into Walmart, say hi. 
Media takes China’s COVID-19 origin story at face value to smear Tom Cotton. Oops I guess - my latest at  …
Biggest Lie Trump Ever Told His Voters 430,000 People Have Traveled From China to U.S. Since Coronavirus Surfaced. Flights from China never stopped, folks. And the 300k students from China got back from Chinese New Year, to class with your kids  …
Who’s the Ukraine Whistleblower? What is COVID-19 really all about? When was the virus actually released? Where did the virus originate from? Why haven’t Hillary’s 33K emails surfaced? Is the tie China? Soon we shall know.
IF the ( @GOP )had gotten rid of the primary Virus when they were supposed 2, who made more MAGA hats in China than one can even fathom, the real pandemic would have NEVER been this disastrous! This thug is the DAMN WORST human being ever in ALL OF HUMANITY! @JCTheResistance
Pandemic  predictable, the model was presented to Trump when he entered office. Trump fired the Pandemic Team. Trump fired the expert who monitors disease in China. Trump then called #COVID19 the flu. Now he is saying the media is creating panic. #200000
Massachusetts Native And the biggest Magic show on Earth continues! The disappearing act: Jobs, Freedom, Small Business, and the dignity of America! We are being played by China, WHO, Gates, Soros, and Democrat, Lefty Globalists!
The Zoom meeting software is being exposed for their privacy violations, including keeping their encryption keys in Chinese servers allowing China to snoop on users:  …
“The purpose of this legislation is to help us uncover just what China is responsible for.” A Republican congressman introduced a bill to make it easier for Americans to bring legal action against the #CCP regime for its role in causing the  …
Gov. Cuomo Announces He's Now Getting Ventilators From China As Trump's Response Flounders  … via @politicususa
'This Is A Big Deal': New York Hails Ventilator Deliveries From China And Oregon  …
Synthesis of how the #coronapocalypse was an accidental release of a biological weapon. And how China and Russia have been planning the overthrow of the US for 100 years and this is the end game. China may have tipped their hand. But it’s time to wake up! 
JAW DROPPING: UN Puts Communist China on Human Rights Panel Mr President....It’s time we get out of the UN @realDonaldTrump It’s time to move on  …
Boarding China doctors to form alliance and help Nigeria to tackle COVID-19 is a gamble. China is the most tensive foreign business investors in Nigeria bar none. They're currently safe & free of COVID-19. So, how'll we trust China regardless of how important Nigeria is to them ?
"The Wuhan Institute of Virology in China indeed posted a job opening on November 18, 2019, 'asking for scientists  research the relationship between the coronavirus and bats.'”  …
Leaked FEMA/DHS document reveals timeline to Food Shortages China Panic Buying Food NOW Have Hope #FoodWars #GrandSolarMinimum 
Hey @NYGovCuomo Did ya Thank #China For all your dead citizens too.
Significant—Ambassador to China Branstad: “No one country can fight this [coronavirus] battle alone, & I am confident that our two countries will continue to find ways to jointly cooperate   enemy that threatens the lives of all of us”  …
Zoom sends confidential data to a China 5/5. 
'One wonders how much longer Washington will conti­nue fighting the information war against Beijing with one arm tied behind its back. Chinese media enjoy free run of the U.S., including on Twitter. The U.S. has no such freedom in China.'  …
Yes..arrests were January ....but still scary as shit when you hear the criminal connections between China and American universities and professors. Getting rich illegally
Saudi Arabia, China, Iran, Venezuela just for starters. All on the UN HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION? Isn’t time the rest of the world walked away from the UN? It’s  exactly what it was meant to prevent-Megalomaniacs he’ll bent on world domination.  …
The US has over 277k cases Spain- 124k Italy- 119k Germany- 92k China-81k Africa- 8k cases If the African leaders accepts that shit. I'll be disappointed in every single Leader in this Continent #DeyYourDey #AfricansAreNotGuineaPigs #staysafe 
Suspected SARS Virus & Flu Samples Found in Luggage: FBI Report Describes China’s Bio-security Threat  …
China’s stats on #COVIDー19 are based on misinformation. It’s clearer than ever the Chinese Communist Party is concealing the numbers and data behind the nature of the #coronavirus. How many more deaths will occur because of China’s deception?  …
When this is all over I'm taking everyone on trip to China !
China Lied, People Died  …
Beijing  runs it, they're known to suppress and remove content that's not to their liking. Dǒuyīn is heavily influenced by China.
Zoom sends sensitive date through China 2/5 
NAVY CAPTAIN FIRED For BOWING To [CHlN4 Prop] USA IS WATCHING #StalkingH...  Americans don’t bow to the Communist China ever!
China donates 1,000 ventilators to help New York in act of humanitarian aid... #COVID19 
You mean the #Chinese virus that allegedly originated in #China? #ChinaVirus #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChineseCoronaVirus #ChineseVirus Oh and by the way... #NancyLiedPeopleDied Photo of Nancy in #chinatown on 2/24 inviting the public to join 
Feb 3 wasn't that 3 days after he band travel from China? Sounds like the army was behind the curve
American lives are in China's hands. "In a perverse -- and avoidable -- twist of fate, the country that was arguably responsible for the virus' spread ... is now the one best positioned to profit from its fatal impact."  … via @CNN
Hostage video. Like the doctors in China having to "confess" to spreading rumors.
Hold on let me get this straight ITALY 11596 Deaths China 3314 Deaths Spain 7716 Deaths USA 2988 Deaths AFRICA (Whole continent) 23 Deaths But yet y’all wanna test the vaccine on Africans who did not volunteer?!? GTFO!!!!! #AfricansAreNotLabRats
Oops Zoom admits user data ‘mistakenly’ routed through China H/T  …
Interesting we have a “national stockpile” of ventilators yet China is air shipping 1,000 ventilators to NYC via JFK airport today. Something doesn’t add up somewhere.
It's said that NY has to ask China for help - because our #FakePresident works for himself and those who worship him. #COVID19 #TrumpVirus
A bureau chief at a Chinese state media publication called Canadian Health Minister Patty Hajdu a “role model” after she defended China’s coronavirus data.  …
This...is not a good piece. Oh, sure, Right wing media was not good (especially Fox). But where was our vigilant media digging into the lies China was telling on this in December and January? MIA. So there is plenty of blame to go around.  …
Now 1.2 mil infected worldwide, 64,000 dead. True world death toll likely 100K-200K due to understatement by Iran and esp China.
News Analysis #China's People’s Liberation Army expects to fully integrate and enhance its #Military weapons with its global navigation satellite system, the BeiDou-3. The system’s final satellite is scheduled to launch in  …
Zoom’s engineering department reportedly is largely based in China—raising urgent security concerns.  needs  clean with facts.
Mysterious corporate ties to China, weak encryption, servers in Beijing, & now more privacy vulnerabilities—a chilling warning: @Zoom_us is not private or  …
The #Chinese Spring Offensives of 2020 Regaining every inch of ground once ruled by imperial China is central to the dream President #XiJinping exhorts Chinese to embrace. Miss an opportunity and China’s dream might  true A good read  …
If #COVID19 Jumped from Beef/ Cattle to Humans would anyone with a brain be eating cattle? Seriously!? In China they’re eating bats like we eat #Hamburgers folks. Use your brains! Think! #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ManmadeCovid19 
The U.S. accuses China of human rights violations with no proof in an attempt to "contain China" from disrupting U.S. global hegemony and distract from America's own human rights violations.
China has donated 1000 ventilators to the US of A. Wow!
Tom Cotton Says China Is Due for a ‘Reckoning’ 
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said the shipment from China is expected to arrive at John F. Kennedy International Airport on Saturday  …
As a strong leader Pres. @realDonaldTrump restricted China travel. #JoeBiden spent 2 monthsbbashing the restrictions as “xenophobia” & “fear-mongering.” Biden flip-flopped; supports it now. 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Bold Christian 
China Appointed To UN Human Rights Council Panel Despite Appalling Human Rights Record  …
China and Russia are targeting global audiences with state media reporting that plays up their aid to other countries while also spreading disinformation. 
Britain took delivery of 300 ventilators from China on Saturday and more will start being produced in the UK soon by a consortium of aerospace, engineering and Formula One teams, Cabinet Office minister Michael Gove said. (Photo: Reuters) 
#China honors #COVID19 victims with three minutes of reflection. 
With friends like these, Minister Hadju, your already tarnished credibility is going to collapse. The guy's the EU bureau chief for China Daily, directly owned by the Publicity Department of the Chinese Communist Party. You're *his* "role model."  …
Fact check: "Trump’s portrayal of his China order isn’t accurate, and there’s no record of Biden specifically criticizing the decision."  …
Joe Biden called the China travel restrictions “Hysterical Xenophobia” and said that no travel restrictions would help #coronavirus! Joe Biden is finished. He failed the American people as VP and he’s doing it again right now.
"We are working around the clock to get Canada the resources it needs" Canadian PM Justin Trudeau says the country is due to receive "millions" of masks from China in the next 48 hours  
The latest from the #COVID19 pandemic: The total number of cases now exceeds 1.1 million New York to receive ventilators from China and Oregon Australia sees signs of slowing the spread of the virus More than 240,000 people have recovered  …
Nobody : Pakistan To China : 
Hey Donald, you know why they can't play baseball in China? They ate all the bats.
China: “You scratch our back, we’ll scratch yours” Bush Foundation: “How much scratch are we talking about?” Bush Foundation again: “Aw, who are we kidding! We’re globalists! We’ll sell out America just for the chance to do it! Whaddya need?!”  …
You called him Xenophobic when he banned travel from China.
Flu season stats from 2018-2019 in the USA: Symptomatic: 35,520,883 Medical visit: 16,520,350 Hospitalizations: 490,561 Deaths: 34,157 And we shut the world economy for the China virus?  …
NEW: A team effort with @SteveEder, @henryfountain, @muyixiao and @jotted analyzing thousands of flight and travel records. We found at least 430,000 people arrived in the U.S. on direct flights from China since the start of the outbreak.  … 1/
You know an amazing way to destroy poverty? Killing between 30 and 80 million, like Mao. I know those numbers are wildly broad, but guess what, that’s because we don’t know any truths from China. Oh wow, this is relevant again.  …
China! Are you mad??? #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
. @playtwo . @CheriJacobus . @realDonaldTrump . @JoeBiden China and Oregon sending much needed ventilators to NY as Trump continues to do nothing out of personal Animosity, allowing Americans to die.  …
What a surprise. Report: Zoom Admits Some Video Calls Were Routed Through China  …
Today we received 300 ventilators purchased from China, for @NHSuk hospitals. Thousands more due in  weeks. Large shipment of masks & protective equipment has also arrived, flown from Shanghai by @virgin. Thanks @ukinchina for helping deliver these life-saving supplies.
The concept of a "smart city" used to excite me, till I realized how authoritarian regimes would put that concept to use. Authoritarians (especially Xi Jinping of China) are salivating at the prospects of artificial intelligence, big data & 5G which enables it.
2. Take on the billionaires & fossil fuel industry with a radical economic program to decarbonise the economy & redistribute wealth & power. 3. Challenge bigotry in all its forms, from the Tories blaming a global pandemic on China to rising Islamophobia & anti-Semitism. [2/2]
My friends in Hong Kong saying the word on the street there is the deaths in China is in the MILLIONS.
PUBLIC NOTICE - BRACKETS - PRIZES! "National Pandemic Biggest America-Hater Championship - Play In Round" To add a little fun to our stay-at-home quarantines ... to fight the Wuhan China COVID-19 Chinese Coronavirus, AND because ... (more) 
#cdnpoli #NoUNCompact The UN has turned into a corrupt joke. Terrorists from the Middle East or China should never be on Human Rights councils anywhere let alone the  …
If staying in for a couple of months saves lives by alleviating the pressure of the superb lads and lasses of the NHS, and by doing so burns out the China virus, then so be it. I really dont see the logic in 'rebelling' and prolonging this lockdown. Can you?
China had COVID-19 Alpha Europe has COVID-19 Beta America got the final release
(3/4) And I was right. Dr. Fauci has said the travel restrictions on China were a "very smart move" and "the right public health call." Dr. Fauci said there is "no question" there would be more US cases if President Trump didn’t take the action I defended & Biden criticized!
This is China. #Tibetans #Xinjiang  …
My mum called to tell me that China is releasing something to our phones and I should not leave my phone on tonight. I tell her say okay but wetin dem release? She say she go call me to see if I’ll be stubborn. I now asked “But mummy, won’t you put your own phone off?”
They live in an alternative reality and don’t believe any of it is his fault. They blame Obama and China.
From a longtime China lawyer:  …
I started reading about this on Jan 5. I created a Twitter list for myself and started following journalists in China. Gave my husband daily updates and started prepping. Drove him nuts but he trusts me because I'm always right ("yes dear") We live in Santa Clara Ct. I knew.
It'll never happen and we've screwed ourselves by being so reliant on them but we should tell China to go eff off.  …
If Italians sing louder, perhaps China will give them discount on their own PPE. 
Britain secures 300 new ventilators from China  
You're right there's more. The Professor that was arrested at the University had Chinese nationals smuggle bioweapon to & from china & America. He got busted and ratted out bill Gates He's been under investigation since. Tonight at 10pm David Wilcox YT 2 days ago. MORE COMING 
When Russia and China are flying in emergency supplies after weeks of US government inept leadership, is THAT making America great again? I think not. #Maga #bidenbeatstrump
The US government and corporate media have consistently demonized China's response to the coronavirus pandemic. And yet with the US in need, China answers the call with no fuss. One of these countries talks big about being a "global leader", the other actually behaves like one.  …
This headline is the understatement of the year. My law firm has literally never seen a  accounting that was not faked. NEVER. #LuckinCoffee #luckin #China  …
China - Coronavirus Cases: 81,639 - Deaths: 3,326 - Recovered: 76,755
Why was China given a seat on the UN Human Rights Council? They lied to the world about the Coronavirus. They hold their people in concentration camps. They constantly try to control their people. Rt if you agree Please follow  …
China level fuckery at it's finest
Coronavirus: China Floods Europe With Defective Medical Equipment   …
You know what really puts our country's natl security at risk? A Chair of an intel cmte who has a single focus that is not natl security but to eliminate a political foe. One so focused on an Impeachment, that they could not be bothered to look at what was going on in China.  …
Former Liberal MP Joe Peschisolido was involved in a $15-million China-Canada immigration-investment deal in which some investors allegedly tried to “improperly influence” Canadian politicians to circumvent the “lawful” immigration process.  …
Every border opening will be a political statement. For instance, if Italy allows flights/visitors from China before the US, that is a political statement, regardless of the sanitary reasons. All this while the world has the most inward looking leaders in a generation. 3/3
ITALY ---15,332 Deaths China ---3,326 Deaths Spain --- 11,744 Deaths USA --- 8,237 Deaths AFRICA(Whole continent) -- 23 Why start vaccination in Africa? 
As a strong leader Pres. @realDonaldTrump restricted China travel. #JoeBiden spent 2 monthsbbashing the restrictions as “xenophobia” & “fear-mongering.” Biden flip-flopped; supports it now. 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Bold Christian 
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President, My 747SP VIP, is ready to go to China and pick up critical masks & medical equipment. Capable of nonstop flight. Crew can safely stay in the aircraft with shower & bedroom. Round trip cost New York to Shanghai: $350,000.Bring 40 tons of equipment. 
perhaps we should eliminate some of the debt we owe China to cover the costs of dealing with the virus that they spread across the world. Knock 2 Trillion off our tab. Maybe other countires will follow suit. Stay the Course. God Bless!
The United States recorded the highest-ever daily death toll from #COVID19 outside #China, at 1,321 fatalities between April 2 and April 3, according to statistics site  …
China's ancient tomb-sweeping festival changed this year, especially in Wuhan. Chinese authorities have told residents to watch cemetery staff perform rites via online streaming  
“China is asshoe!”
It is his labs in China where the virus erupted from!
I assume since china is now below the top 5 countries in deaths all those people calling it china virus will start calling it McRonaldvirus
With the US government failing – and killing its people - by denying them healthcare as a right, and wasting the people’s wealth on weapons of death, it is a relief to see world  to our much-needed aid. Thank you China!  …
NBA, Knicks, Nets and China's Consul General Huang Ping are contributing 1 million surgical masks to New York's essential workers, per 
So we have  from China to NY and COVID patients being "accidentally" transferred to the USNS Comfort. Nothing to see here...
More than 1,130,204 cases of infection, including 60,457 deaths, have been reported in 190 countries and territories around the world since the virus first emerged in China in December, according to an AFP  around 1330 GMT Read more:  …
As a strong leader Pres. @realDonaldTrump restricted China travel. #JoeBiden spent 2 monthsbbashing the restrictions as “xenophobia” & “fear-mongering.” Biden flip-flopped; supports it now. 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Bold Christian 
China also gave it the virus in the first place. VOX is fucking disgusting.  …
Wrong, it because China lied about this virus and first tried to cover it up and they are still lying about how many people died and how many were infected. They also sent out defective materials and tests to other countries .
As the pandemic ramps up, the response by GOP leadership has been to ramp up the xenophobia  about China. China's lack of transparency is a problem, but we still should have been ready. Republicans are pointing fingers everywhere but where they belong: at themselves.
“It remains a mystery as to how the virus has not spread to all provinces of China but at the same time, has spread to all countries in the world. ⁦  …
#FilmYourHospital It would appear China virus cures pneumonia. As soon as it showed up, pneumonia deaths dropped 40%. What else could explain it? 
A passport has been found in a bats nest in China at patients zero.
As Kim Clement said in one of his prophecies from a few years ago, "this thing that  out of the ground in China, don't worry about it". He predicted a lot of things, if you believe in stuff like that.
Why would we accept ANYTHING from China right now? PART OF THE PLAN TO DESTROY NYC?
Correction: The European Union did this well ahead of Trump, but in mid-March, not February. China was the main country banning exports then, and doing much importing at same time. This is why nations and borders matter, and tight ties with USA matter. #StandOnGuard
China observed a national day of mourning, honoring the more than 3,300 people killed by COVID-19 there since the coronavirus surfaced. 
Meanwhile, in China...  …
NEW: A senior admin official tells me that China forced Italy to buy back the same PPE they had donated to China at the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak "China then has sent Italian PPE back to Italy … and charged them for it," the official said.  …
REPORT: More Than 40,000 People Have Arrived In The US From China Since Trump Restricted Travel  …
China sends Pakistan masks "made from underwear" instead of the promised high-grade N95 masks, a Pakistani news channel says.  … via @metrosaga
Another story we missed this week. "China was appointed on Wednesday to a United Nations Human Rights Council panel where it will play a key role in picking the world body’s human rights investigators"  …
Excellent perspective from Chemical Biologists in China by @ccmelijie @ChemicalBiology  …
When asked about providing NY with ventilators, Trump said no, they should have ordered them before the pandemic. China will be sending 1,000 devices and Oregon, 140.  …
Facts: After the U.S. pulled out of the Paris Climate Accord, it led the world in reducing carbon emissions. However, the EU released an additional 40 million tons of CO2 that year. China released 120 million additional tons. Big Government can't solve climate change!
8,000+ Americans have now died because  China's lies and cover-up of their coronavirus outbreak
UN allowing China to be involved in human rights...man its time to bail..later folks 
Cuomo: China And Oregon Sending Ventilators to NYC After Trump/Kushner Failed to Provide 
An order #NewYork state placed for 17,000 ventilators fell through, @NYGovCuomo said on Saturday, who also suggested the order was made from #China.  …
China is donating 1,000 ventilators to New York. Thank you, Jared Kushner for selling the federal stockpile of equipment  You slumlord dick.
BREAKING: 430,000 people according to the United States from China since the Coronavirus Surfaced..
After the war they are all Generals. @sebastianpinera takes advantage of the #ChineseVirus to continue doing business with China. Now he defies the left when weeks before he had been on his knees as a coward. @USAmbOAS @SecPompeo @WHNSC @realDonaldTrump  …
China, the world's biggest supplier, stopped exporting masks & ventilators in late January. The Europeans clamped down in February. I get why folks mad at Trump, but, fact is, we need to produce our own stuff PRONTO! #StandOnGuard #ableg #cdnpoli   …
As to the situation with the Teddy Roosevelt carrier. I’m told the issue is why we’re they allowed to go to port in Vietnam during an outbreak in China. Removing the Captain isn’t the controversy amongst the brass. “You can’t do what he did and keep the trust of your bosses”
Because China lied and many times more patients died than they’re admitting.
NYC Governor Andrew Cuomo says the NBA is contributing 1 million surgical masks to New York's essential workers. Cuomo specifically says the Knicks, Nets and China's Consul General Huang Ping led the charge.
Justin and Hailey Bieber are currently 'working on ways to help those in financial crisis' due to COVID-19 They have previously helped families in need of food and donated to China when the virus started affecting its population 
China donates ventilators to New York as virus death toll mounts 
China is appointed position on UN Human Rights Council despite long-record of human rights abuses 
PROOF-FACTS-MORE TO COME-NO MORE BULLSHIT-DEMOCRAT JUDGE bascically dismisses THEFT OF EBOLA GENETICS IN 2005 from SAME LAB that NOVAL CORONA is sent in 2019 to WUHAN CHINA -READ FOR YOURSELVES!DEMOCRAT POLICIES ENDANGER THAT IS WHAT NEEDS TO BE INVESTIGATED NOT @realDonaldTrump 
Cinematic arts are its own political party with lots of money from China. Actors/actresses: maybe a boycott of you is a better idea.
They also have a province wide fire ban, so no campfires in the back yard to roast some marshmallows. Ontario is not handling things well. We do however still have planes flying in from China and no one is screened, just handed a paper telling them to isolate for 14 days
New York asked Trump for ventilators. China just gave it 1,000.  …
It’s the least China can do 
When he tweeted this, there were ~300 cases of COVID19 in the US. China and Italy were getting wiped out. Instead of using that as indication, he tweets this. Today, under a month later, the count has grown ONE THOUSAND FOLD. We now have 25% of the ENTIRE WORLD'S COVID19 cases. 
Britain secures 300 new ventilators from China  …
When you see liberals blaming you for the China Virus tell them to 
let’s review Jared's Kushner's achievements: Middle East peace: 0 Opioid epidemic: 0 Diplomacy with Mexico: 0 Diplomacy with China: 0 Veterans care: 0 Criminal justice reform: 0 Revamping the entire government & making it work like a business: 0
Here is an interesting article in upside down world. China the world's largest human rights abuser is allowed to have a seat at the table. China joins UN Human Rights Council panel despite troubling record, response to coronavirus  …
It's always China. Videoconferencing app Zoom routed user data through China by 'mistake'  …
Coronavirus: Boris Johnson's government furious with China - Business Insider  …
Cuomo is a thug and he wishes he could run New York like Xi runs China.
This racist weirdo is definitely going to start attacking Starmer for refusing to bomb Iran, sanction China or whatever Land War In Asia gets these freaks sexually aroused this week. 
To address a massive shortage of masks, New York’s public and private hospitals are seeking donations  and, in one case, used intermediaries to fly in masks from China 
"Cuomo Announces New York Is Receiving New Ventilators From #Oregon And #China." Symbolic moves during healthcare rationing are confusing, odd & political. This is NOT smart however you slice it. Oregon has #coronavirus spreading and not enough 
Ever met somebody once and wondered about them for 20 years? Held this baby in my arms the day her mom and dad adopted her in China. Will never receive a more wonderful message than this. Ever. @CTVW5  …
"According to Trudeau, in the next 48 hours Canada will be receiving a shipment of millions of masks by a chartered cargo flight from China."  …
The same liberal hacks who said it was “racist” to ban travel from China way back in February when the Wuhan Virus kicked off are now doing their mental gymnastics to blame conservative media personalities for “not taking it seriously.” Give me a break.
China is appointed position on UN Human Rights Council Can only assume that China will be voting to remove Human Rights. 
Jennie is often seen as the main representative of Mise en Scene in Mainland China. Her products she appears on are often tested on video, then posted and tagged with her name, and her standees and stickers are used as advertising. 
nobody in MSM seems to  to speak up or try to explain it, or ask Trudeau what this is about. @evensolomon, @acoyne Somebody feel free to speak up why we have 10 flights a  in from China, but Canadians can't go anywhere.  …
#Australia: #Canberra to push #China to ban #Wildlife #MeatTrade - Assistant Minister for Multicultural Affairs Jason Wood said it's an "absolute no-brainer" to close down #Asian #WetMarkets due to "barbaric cruelty to #Wildlife" + major health  …
Cuomo announces New York is receiving new ventilators from Oregon and China  … via @msnbc
5G is an improvement on Western designed 3&4G which improved global internet connectivity.5G is China led & focuses on deploying AI into daily living thus Reducing Man-Man whilst Accelerating Man-Machine interface. It’s deliverables would change daily living as we know it...
NEW: The @NBA is contributing 1 million desperately needed surgical masks for New York's essential workers in collaboration with @nyknicks, @BrooklynNets and China's Consul General Huang Ping. New York thanks you. We are beyond grateful for this gift of critically needed PPE.
I think this China-Democrat inappropriate relationship warrants invasive scrutiny. Especially the vehement defenders of of open borders, and advantageous securities and insider trading avenues. Let's shine the introspective light on them.
Lest we forget Bush 1 and Bush 2 worked hard for this new world order of dependence on China - as did Clinton and Obama - Trump has been working hard to turn it around
@WHO IS part of the problem. A mouthpiece for CHINA.
Video footage from my hometown Sydney Australia outside Chinese Embassy. This is what  China We aren’t putting up with CCP anymore  …
Three Billionaires from China have bought ventilator from the Chinese government & donated them to New York for patients with #COVIDー19 Hoping to help as pandemic accelerates towards a peak in the worst-hit US state. Where are American  …
I fixed what u should have said. “As a Canadian I’m insulted by Trudeau for putting China first when he sent 16 tonnes of medical supplies to them, KNOWING Canadians were going to need it. As a Canadian I applaud Trump for putting Americans first, as t/leader of a country should”
China first and then we Italians are demonstrating how quarantine is the only way to stop the virus. Italy is with you all.
How DARE @NYGovCuomo publicly thank China for finally sending 1000 ventilators to New York City when the American government has provided astounding amounts of medical equipment AND assistance including a hospital ship to New York City from the beginning
It's wonderful that the government has  through with ventilators for NY. Too bad that it had to be the government of CHINA.
New rule: if you conflate Singapore with China, you have to write “Singapore isn’t China” 100 times on the chalkboard. 
#CHINA IS SENDING 1K VENTILATORS TO #NY TODAY.. #cuomo VankaPro Gov. Andrew Cuomo said New York is expecting to receive 1,000 ventilators from China on Saturday.  … via @HuffPostPol
China says it is blocking large funeral gatherings for coronavirus victims to avoid a new outbreak. But it also seems to be an effort to avoid an outpouring of anguish that could be a reminder of its early missteps and efforts to hide the epidemic. 
ITALY ---11596 Deaths China---3314 Deaths Spain---7716 Deaths USA --- 2988 Deaths AFRICA (Whole continent)- 23 & the world want to Start vaccine in Africa.
Zoom Teleconferencing App ‘Mistakenly’ Exposed Data To China  …
Maybe in return China will get the UN out of America and set them up in WuHan with a brand new building with housing.  …
#GlamorChina A pink flower ocean! A dreamy scene, spanning over 400 square kilometers, boasts thousands of mountain azalea flowers in full bloom in Wumeng grassland, SW China's Guizhou province. 
#Taiwan’s exclusion from @WHO membership reflects mainland #China’s political warfare strategy: China seeks to induce nations worldwide not to recognize Taiwan’s sovereignty, because Beijing regards the island nation as under its jurisdiction: 
New York state sees a record 630 Covid-19 deaths in a single day. China is donating 1 000 ventilators to New York to help in the fight on coronavirus. Something profound is happening to international relations.
In 1973, China had an excess of females and offered the U.S. 10 million Chinese women.
Australian freaks out over China. 
. U.N. WATCH - U.N. PUTS COMMUNIST CHINA on 'HUMAN RIGHTS' COUNCIL Criminal Leftist / Globalist Pro-terror, Human Trafficking & Rape Organization, the U.N. places Murderous, Criminal, Irresponsible Communist China on 'Human Rights' . END the U.N. ...  …
#India: #China’s #COVID19 cure recipe threatens Northeast’s #Bears, #Rhinos - According to a #NatGeo report, China has  using “Tan Re Qing” injection that contains #BearBile to treat critical COVID-19  …
Virus is real, but data doesn’t match the fear. China did it w/ Dems and media help..They said openly many times that economy had to tank to get rid of Trump. Also there is a  along with Gates & his obsession with vaccines & population control. So many secrets
Bill gates needs to investigated for possible collusion with China in spreading this virus to benefit his own vaccine he is funding
If there’s is a global conspiracy between the CDC, all of Europe, China, Iran, Israel and Hamas I want to see these meeting minutes
Excellent reporting by @annafifield. Also,  basis: China, which has 20 times as large a population as Italy, is officially reporting only 1/5th as many total deaths. Which would mean relative toll 100 times greater for Italy. Possible, maybe. Likely, no.
5G accelerates automation thru AI. In China one can board a bus|train & with a biometric scan the passenger’s account is automatically debited for the fare.5G enables us utilise our phones for transactions via bar codes. 5G deploys faster algorithms to ease daily living...
Gates was in China came back stepped down as CEO then virus broke out. 
China's Ambassador to Venezuela and Foreign Ministry staunchly affirms Maduro & Venezuela's sovereignty and demands that the US stop its aggression & sanctions on Venezuela. Meanwhile, the US and its allies are exploiting the COVID19 crisis to sanction Venezuela & topple Maduro.  …
I think his approval rating on how he is responding to the coronavirus, which is 60% positive, will be about the same number that know he is not at fault for the economy since every country is going through this and it's China's fault Only hardcore Democrats will blame him  …
IF YOU THINK CHINA will emerge from pandemic stronger, Doug Noland convinces not (its massive debt bubble has burst too). "Prospects for a ravaging EM meltdown keep me awake at night." "China’s economy is today acutely vulnerable to collapsing  
Here’s what I think The UN China The Clintons Obama Justin Trudeau Chrystia Freeland Macron Sadiq Khan George Soros Aga Khan
China asks all bats to hang upside down as a punishment for causing #Corona virus. 
DR Congo will be one of the countries where #COVID19 vaccines from U.S, China and Canada will be tested beginning in July. 
Not solely a problem of White House leadership. CDC downplayed as "low risk" and "flu worse" Jan Feb & into March. Some media also downplayed. Citizens did not pay attention to the  from China, despite good coverage from @statnews @washingtonpost & @nytimes &  …
It wasn't Trump who got us into this drug reliance on China. He has been yelling for yrs to make them in the USA 
"Wake up Australia, Death to Communism...No more sh*t from China" An Australian cow boy angry over #Corona curses China and its Communist Regime outside Chinese Embassy in Sydney. 
The true number of infected people is likely 13 million (outside of China) "Reported cases were 695,000 as of 30 March, a number we estimate is just 5% of true cases." --Rystad Energy  
First Capt. Crozier and now IG Atkinson... Remember when China’s govt targeted the doctor who sounded the alarm about COVID-19, and we thought how lucky we were to live in a country where the government wouldn’t/couldn’t clamp down on truth-tellers like that?  …
In collaboration with Soros’ China infectious disease lab only yards from the Wuhan wet market.. the odds of all this lining up accidentally are like believing in the Big Bang theory. Oh and why did Gates step down from  board just as this kicked off here???
The thing about the edgy contrarian who thinks people were panicking over covid is like...were Iran & China in on the panic? It was a major political scandal in the former and caused a massive lock down in the latter? Are these govts all in on a global conspiracy? Makes no sense  …
Part two of @FluorescentGrey's must-listen series on the New Cold War with China explores the players and think tanks behind the war propaganda, ramped up in the wake of COVID19  …
And what's thick with irony is that many of the people screaming loudest about China are the ones making the same mistakes China did, at least at first: trying to brush the virus under the rug and hoping it goes away.
Pakistan gets Chinese underwear as N95 masks. All excess underwear garments shipped to friends in PAK as “N95” masks. Pak & China are Chaddi-Buddies after all? Read:  …
I was hoping that the 1 single silver lining of #COVID2019 would be the world exposing China for what it is, but instead I see hoards of western journalists (not Mike obv) running the errands of a totalitarian regime that monitors, jails & “disappears” its citizens on the daily.  …
truth = racism to a leftist. The reason we're in the predicament we're in is because no one wants to use facts anymore b/c they're afraid of the backlash from morons like you. No longer. China started the virus, their gov't spread it, and the world is suffering.
Time from first Covid death in OR to stay-at-home order: 9 days, WA 23 days, China 12 days. This is why OR has one of the lowest doubling rates in the nation (thanks to @OHAOregon) and allows us to send ventilators to NY. #publichealthworks #SocialDistance  …
China must reap the economic consequences after misleading information about the coronavirus.  …
Why is racist to call a virus that originated in China the "China virus" but we can still call food that originated in China 'Chinese food"?
This keeps me up at night. Our lungs have  by polluters and fossil  for decades and now face covid-19, a virus that goes after respiratory systems. Worried for India, China, & the black, brown & indigenous peoples forced into toxicity all their lives  …
Yes, we are making many of the same mistakes as China, for similar reasons. Perhaps not as brutally, but with same larger effect.  …
How would #China feel about this? RT Calls Mount for WHO Chief to Resign  …
Don’t forget that while China was locking down travel in their own country. They were calling other countries racist for refusing to allow their citizens to enter. #SaturdayThoughts #AnywherebutChina #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #CoronavirusOutbreak #NeverForget
#Catalonia pleads for help from China as Spanish death toll nears 11,000 -   …
Canadian manufacturing has been killed, not by China, but by excessive taxation, over regulation, strangling red tape and relentless virtue signalling. We need to take the shackles off Canadian businesses and allow them  for Canadian dollars.
Yeah ... because as all liberals know, "China" is a race.
China to reportedly donate 1,000 ventilators to the state of New York (yes, let's see if they work, but...) while the U.S. federal government holds 10K in reserve and the Trump admin filches medical supplies from allies.
China gave us COVID-19 and shut down the world. Now we’re home and they created tik-tok to entertain us. These people surely got a blueprint on how to control the world. Damn
At this point in time any media outlet using statistical data from #China as a basis  as to what our stats are is outright lying to us in the same manner as does China. It’s been known from the start they’re engaged in massive coverup & our own #MSM 
It’s worse than a joke. It’s a dangerous, expansionist regime that seeks to impose totalitarianism on the world. Look at their choices for ‘human rights’ - China, Nigeria, DRC, Bahrain..... This should tell you EXACTLY what sort of ‘rights’ the UN believes you should have.  …
"Liberal Andrew Hastie and Labor's Anthony Byrne both said there would have to be discussion in how Australia works with China following the virus outbreak."  …
Unlisted cargo flight from China, carrying tons of urgently needed medical supplies to Cyprus, touches down at Larnaca’s old airport  …
They definitely using it as one. It began as biomedical warfare from China. Now, they are taking full advantage of it
430,000 People Have Traveled From China to U.S. Since Coronavirus Surfaced 
This is v good on how the “it started in the US” hoax took hold in English in late February and March. But for weeks before then, fwiw, conspiracy theories such as the CIA created the virus were circulating online in China  …
Hmmmm if China was on lockdown and spraying the air in order to kill any airborne virus partials... why haven’t we? 
NY to get 1,100 ventilators with help from China, Oregon  
This really seems like a War President Trump is right we have an invisible enemy which I think was engineered by Climate Change Globalist finatics & China Plus Bill Gates It Smells like Democrats #COVID2019 Dems were impeaching and developing  …
Zoom admits user data ‘mistakenly’ routed through China  …
According to China's official statistics, less than 0.1% of the population of Wuhan got the virus. A lot of people made the twin mistakes of 1) thinking that China was telling the truth and 2) thinking of Wuhan as a worst-case scenario, and assumed no way it'd be worse here.
Channel 4 news breathlessly reporting that the US has the largest number of Covid victims "anywhere and by far". So still they persist with believing the figures put out by  dictatorship in China. Unbelievable, literally unbelievable.
vulnerable to attack. We are involved in an asymmetric conflict with both nations. The ramifications of going public could be many - China gets more aggressive w Taiwan, SKorea, Japan, and the Philippines feel less safe & are more likely to cut a deal w China, etc. Now, it 5/
many reasons for it. By “going public” Crozier not only gave an appearance that the CoC - Chain of Command - might be “broken” in some manner but he also tipped off our adversaries, Russia and China. They now know that we have a carrier group out of action and possibly 4/
China re-opens ‘Wet Markets’ — and that’s a good thing! Former NYC Mayor media outlet celebrates.  …
I'm pissed off at every Congress, every White House admin and every President of our past that allowed America to  so dependant on China! They are who failed us, not President Trump!
STFU old man. Trump restricted flights from China in January while you called him racist and xenophobic.
@AmbLiuXiaoMing “Nowhere on the planet... in the sea, sky...or in the mountains... will man ever hide from his evil deeds” Dhammapada Buddhist Scripture World sees... World knows... #China #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
There have been 175 #COVID19 related deaths in the 54 countries on the continent of Africa and * 3,326 in China * 8,162 in USA * 7,560 in France * 11,744 in Spain * 15,362 in Italy But Europeans scientists want to test vaccines on Africans. #coronavirus 
China spreads virus. Intentional? 
#SleepyJoe has flip-flopped on President Trump’s travel ban against China. Now, he supports it. Sleepy had been calling the ban “xenophobic.” #CoronavirusUSA #KAG  …
China owe all of us a big apology and while she’s at it እዳዎቻችንን እንዳለ ትሰርዝ
Let's call the virus Wuhan China virus, not Covid19. The media and China want us to forget who unleashed this virus upon the world. We have short memories. Must never forget. China is trying to act like they are not responsible by helping with supplies.
USA discovered the man who manufactured and sold the Corona virus to China. Dr Charles Lieber, head of the chemistry and biology department at Havard University, USA. He had been arrested according to American department sources. 
China is now on the UN Human Rights Council? LMAO America's days are numbered now
Wow. Just Wow! And after he visited Communist China late last year, the North Korean dictator did promise our President, @realDonaldTrump, & apparently by extension the American people & the West, "a Christmas surprise." #WuhanCoronaVirus  …
As a strong leader Pres. @realDonaldTrump restricted China travel. #JoeBiden spent 2 monthsbbashing the restrictions as “xenophobia” & “fear-mongering.” Biden flip-flopped; supports it now. 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Bold Christian 
Dear Compassionate Chinese Editor-in-chief of the Global Times. It came from China. China lied. You are lying now. Spiritual heroin? What a messed up country and reporter.  …
"Infected people must be isolated. That should happen everywhere. You can only control #COVID19 if you can remove the source of the infection." We spoke with the head of China's Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Read the interview. 
“FARRELL: It’s Time To Review Our Relationship With China.” (Daily Caller). Read more here:  
American propaganda, he who controls 5G, controls the future. Autonomous vehicles, AI and Smart cities all run on 5G. China has cracked it first meaning they potentially have a lead on controlling the 5G economy like America controls the 4G economy.  …
Andrew Cuomo cut 15,000 ventilators from his budget in 2015. Now he's asking China, the country that cause this mess for ventilators. And most likely the vast majority of them won't work.
April is going to be a MASSIVE month for #Vechain. China is recovering and many big projects launching. Once #China announces $VET is involved in the #blockchain solutions, its Buy #VET now! #BSN #VaccineTracking #BeltandRoad @itemsdapp #ShanghiGas @sunshinelu24 #Bitcoin
Did the Trump administration send 18 tons of personal protective equipment (PPE) to China in early 2020? Rating: True Story:  #COVID2019 
1. Trump did NOT ban all travelers from China. All American citizens were still allowed back, as were select businessmen and guests. Since COVID-19 doesn't check passports or reasons for travel, that ban was pretty ineffective.  …
Funny thing about the MAGA-Fox News crowd. They've currently got three talking points. 1. Trump banned travelers from China! 2. A democrat told people to go out on Feburary 5th! 3. Fox is better than CNN/CBS/etc! Let's take those one at a time.
China continues to lie. So do Democrats. 
"Trump administration received first formal notification of the outbreak of the coronavirus in China 1/3/2020 Within days, U.S. spy agencies were signaling seriousness of threat 2 Trump: including warning about coronavirus — the first of many — in the President’s Daily Brief."
Abusing animals is  case in #China. The poor #dog is not supposed to haul an adult man and should not be beaten with a stick. This should be stopped! #BoycottChina #ChinaLiedPeopleaDied #Wuhan #COVID #ChineseBioterrorism #coronavirus #HoldChinaAccountable 
The UN is not just a joke, it's corrupt and dangerous. This is the time to clean house. China in Human Rights Council?It's insulting. China joins UN Human Rights Council panel despite troubling record, response to coronavirus  #FoxNews
At what point do the citizens of countries purchasing coronavirus diagnostic equipment from China hold their governments responsible for failing to protect them? A functioning brainstem should've precluded that decision making.  …
W.H.O should be called China Health Organisation (CHO): Japan Deputy PM  …
Punjab to learn from Chinese best practices "China has made a remarkable achievement by effectively controlling the pandemic. On our part, we utilizing all resources to control the spread of Corona and learn from their experience. " Dr. Yasmin Rashid 
Trump already sent thousands, but these will save NY? If it were me, I’d want ‘Made in America’. Not Chicom Cheap. China Donates 1,000 Ventilators to New York  …
"What the world needs now – in China, and in the world at large – is sober reflection on what it means to cherish life." An honour to work with artist Ai Weiwei and his team on this essay about our "shared destiny", in this weekend's @globeandmail:  … @aiww
Who is @NYGovCuomo to play God? He is going to steal ventilators from other areas in NYS for NYC? Where people are still piling on to the subways? Other areas of NY have rising China Virus cases & people who will need those few unused ventilators  …
More Britons have died of coronavirus than in China as UK toll soars Feel either the Chinese can't count or a fcuking liars. What's you're thoughts? 
The deadly coronavirus came from a live-animal market in China, yet dozens of similar markets are operating in densely populated New York City. Urge health officials to shut them down.  via @PETA
Dr Falsie astounds us again with more brilliant "Faucisms!" Fauci: China‘s ‘Delay in Transparency‘ ‘Likely‘ Prevented Other Countries from Restricting Travel  … via @BreitbartNews
the tsunami of misinformation and disinformation that characterized US politics and media during Russiagate is now constructing a mostly fictitious narrative of COVID19 full of unctuous self-righteousness. There is no doubt that there were mistakes and even wrongs in China's  …
Virus is real but was it created in a Lab in China and released? DEMS and China will do ANYTHING to remove @realDonaldTrump from office. #Trump2020 #KAG #Patriots #BuyAmericanMade
Elect a Democrat & you have more than just seizure of  Think more like “electric chairs of truth-speak” & “disappearing undesirables” That is  folks! That is #China!  …
Anyway, the 5G/Coronavirus conspiracy theories are nonsense. It’s obviously caused by Disney+. Disney+ launches 12 November. First case in China reported 17 November. Track when each country went into lockdown with when Disney+ was launched there. Just sayin’
Whistleblowers in China who were silenced early on are now speaking out against  regime saying China could have actually stopped the spread of Coronavirus.  …
Bloomberg is concerned about China’s economy and thinks wet markets are the only place people can buy fresh produce. Bloomberg’s Tictoc said only the elite eat exotic animals. Now it sounds like China’s economy cannot do without these wet markets. They are all liars. All of them. 
Donation of 1,000 ventilators from China is arriving in New York on Saturday. Governor Andrew Cuomo says, "it's going to make a significant difference for us."  
3. @WHO and @DrTedros should take the most serious blame for  failure to take the initiative to lead the global response to the #COVID19 pandemic. The organization's refusal to actively seek the latest information from #China and its clear favoritism for ...
MA governor Baker was apparently so frustrated with the federal gov’t repeatedly outbidding him for supples, he arranged for the @Patriots to get supplies from China. Trump is probably furious about this & doesn’t want anyone else to do it.  …
I’m still wondering if those 2 aimless Chinese tourists that wondered thru the gate & security at Mar-a-Lago, might have had a Hidden present from the Wuhan China Bio Weapons lab for President Trump...
7,392 Americans have died because of #China There will be a day of reckoning. This genocidal can not stand Senator.  …
Even though we’ve had a mild winter our Eriobotrya japonica didn’t produce It’s Loquat fruits like it did last year A hardy evergreen tree native to China is a must for an exotic garden just look at those leaves I did however manage to grow a few plants from last years fruit 
Nearly 40,000 people have flown in from China since Trump imposed the travel restrictions he regularly claims "shut down" China and impeded coronavirus’s spread in the US. Flights from China continued arriving this past week.   …
'China is donating 1,000 ventilators to help New York in coronavirus fight.' Contrast this story with 'Germany accuses the US of confiscating thousands of face masks that Berlin has already paid for, calling it "an act of modern piracy."'  …
So Globalist Trudeau's crying foul cuz @POTUS won't send masks? Same Trudeau who delayed 2 months sent our PPE to China did a deal with Huawei wouldn't secure border/airports from virus, illegals & illicit drug/arms trafficking expressway loaded with anti-USA Foreigners
You know it’s bad when #Canada can expect more #COVID19 help from #communist #china than it can from #USA. If #Trudeau hadn’t sent masks to China a few weeks ago we’d really be fucked. Right @AndrewScheer & @ErinOTooleMP? #TrudeauMustGo #TrudeauLiedPeopleDied #TrudeauWorstPM
China was messing with chemical warfare, infected between 50-100 agents (knew it was survivable) & put them on planes/boats to spread this plague on a global level I’m far from a conspiracy theorist. Worked international terrorism cases for 7 years This is MY humble opinion
The MSM won’t tell you that China’s own people don’t even believe their BS. Reports: Coronavirus Panic-Buying Sweeps China as Locals Refuse to Believe Communist Party  …
40,000 people have landed in the US on direct flights from China since Trump’s much-touted Chinese travel ban. It never applied to Americans and has a bunch of other exceptions. It is *pointless!*  …
He's bankrupt every biz he had. And, now he bankrupts the USA and with China the world
“But China is our best friend”  …
International Council of Jurists seeks UNHRC to make China pay for 'exemplary damages' for spreading #coronavirus  …
Zoom and bust: Zoom admits user data ‘mistakenly’ routed through #China  …
The U.S. Intelligence Community concluded that China intentionally misrepresented it’s total cases and deaths. This is Chinese Propaganda.  …
China: • Jailed/Killed Dr.’s who tried to blow the whistle about coronavirus • Tracks citizens movements • Has a social credit system used to violate human rights • Tried to take over Hong Kong • Used gangs to beat Hong Kong citizens That’s just lately. The UN is a joke.
The UN is giving China a seat on the UN Human Rights Council. Here’s a thread on what China has done lately: • Put a million+ Uyghurs in concentration camps • Lied about how many were infected with & died from coronavirus • Destroyed global economy • Responsible for pandemic
Important analysis by @muyixiao, @jotted and the rest of the @nytimes team, as they try to assess the effectiveness of US government's prevention measures against #COVID19. Based on their analysis, 430000 people could have arrived in the US from China.  …
Still trust China's COVID19 Death Count? "China orders 200,000 body bags from Taiwan" #ChinaLiedPeopleDie  …
China is with the UK in this battle against Covid-19. We are confident in winning the battle by fighting shoulder to shoulder.  …
Thank God we have President Trump leading us and not @Trevornoah Someone model how many 10s of thousands of Americans would be dead above the current toll if we listened to Noah in January to keep flights from  in. @ScottAdamsSays #KAG  …
Nearly 40,000 Americans and authorized travelers  into the U.S. from China since President Trump imposed travel restrictions more than two months ago.  …
Add Slovakia to the growing list of countries that purchased Coronavirus testing from China only to find out that the tests  useless. Spain, Czech Republic, Turkey and many other countries came upon the exact same unfortunate realization.  …
“We have no reason to believe the number of COVID-19 cases reported by China is accurate. Now the health of every individual and economy around the world is threatened because of Chinese attempts to hide the truth.” -  …
China, the country that the Daily Mail have been telling us to hate is sending the UK 300 Ventilators. They are also sending New York 1000 Ventilators Surprising no, and almost as if what is written in the Daily Mail is not entirely accurate
Genius: China lied, people died! Same Genius: We don't need to take the measures China did to stop this virus. We'll be fine.
'The world needs #Taiwan': #coronavirus pandemic gives beleaguered island a chance to turn tables on #China Taiwan’s ability to donate millions of face masks to USA &others allows the beleaguered island to use the pandemic to resist Chinese pressure  …
#China Joins #UN Human Rights Group Despite Unleashing Deadly #Pandemic On Humanity #Communist regime has long track record of human rights&civil liberties abuses  … #QAnon #QAnon2018 #QAnon2020 #DemocratsHateAmerica #ChineseCoronavirus #MSMhatesAmerica 
While US was hurtling toward 250,000 (undetected) coronavirus cases, Trump  his 7th golf outing since the outbreak in China. He has spent 2300+ hours golfing (not  time, other officials’ time) since 2017, trips cumulatively costing $200+ million. 
NY Gov. says China will be sending 1,000 ventilators to New York 
This @Airbus A350-1000 (F-WMIL) brought 4 million masks back to Europe from Tianjin, China destined mainly for governments and medical services. Spotted in Hamburg (XFW) by NJPR Photography. @AirbusPRESS @GuillaumeFaury @A350_Production @A350fans @A350Blog #coronavirus 
In your lifetime you won't see a shameful misconduct such as this toward #China Xi Jinping. If this happened in China, @CBSNews & @weijia #ChinaVirus will be vanishing all together right next day. Logical [infiltration instead of invasion] Q #WWG1WGA #QAnon 
China is sending 1,000 Ventilators to New York and 300 Ventilators to the UK. China have also sent experts to help the UK fight Coronavirus. We are grateful for the international solidarity
When we revisit Ivanka’s trademarks from China, will anyone ever ask about the melange of goods and how they seem a bit suspicious? Coffins? Voting machines? Baby blankets?
*Covid-19 breaks out* South Korea: We’re testing 10,000 people a day China: We’re going into a country-wide lockdown until we have this under control United States: 
China wins a seat on the UN Human Rights Council despite Human rights offenses and unleashing a pandemic...Proving once again that globalist organizations like the WHO and UN are useless political organizations to be ignored. Boot them all out and turn the UN into a VA hospital.
“China’s success” ? China just had to lock down a county of 600,000+ people because you guys still have not stopped the coronavirus despite having it for at least *6 months*  …
Freeze all China’s US assets & those of Communist Chinese Party members; take them to trial for crimes against humanity in the Int’l Criminal Court in The Hague. Get restitution ordered there. Default on debt we owe them. Shun that gov’t.
The sanctimonious @TrevorNoah pretends he & Libs knew #Coronavirus was serious when Trump didn't. Here he is mocking Trump as a fool & xenophobe for 5 min when Trump banned noncitizens from China flying to the US in Jan 2020. #EitherReallyDumbOrEvil 
Well, for starters... Dr Lieber from Harvard has been arrested since December 2019. 22 vials of unknown substance trying to get to #China with foreign nationals posing as students & more!  …
This China Virus is amazing. Can you imagine a virus that watches TV, Movies and listens to music and then attacks the bad actors specifically to help save humanity from more their entertainment pain? Amazing.  …
Wait I thought China was the one punitively silencing COVID-19 whistleblowers???  …
Jan-Feb, 2020– #ClusterTrump administration sends $27 Million worth of ventilators to China;USAToday➔  … April 4, 2020– “Ford & GM are undertaking a warlike effort to produce ventilators. It may fall short  too late”  …
Coronavirus originated in China not elsewhere, researchers & studies say Consensus among experts researching the virus places the beginning of its spread at the Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market in Wuhan, China Fact checked as: TRUE It's A CHINA original Sorry MSM ur Wrong AGAIN
China continues to use the coronavirus pandemic to position itself as a 'global response leader'... Now sending 1,000 ventilators to New York  …
Y’all really believe China?
When he closed the flights from China, where this started , he was called names , ??? Thank God he did it.
China's deadly coronavirus-lie co-conspirator — the World Health Organization  … via @nypost
And i see Americans trashing USA and praising China. they should would go live there.
I'm so glad Bloomberg isn't anywhere near the presidency; he's running interference for China.
430,000 People Have Traveled From China to U.S. Since Coronavirus Surfaced - The New York Times  …
The US had trade sanctions on China. China created a virus to release in the US to hurt our economy. A facility accident (or sabotage) released it in Wuhan where it was being manufactured. There's a bio research facility a few blocks from where the outbreak occurred.
#BOOM, @FiveRights . This Is On #China. #FoxNewsLiedAsPeopleDied Is A Leftist Lie.  
Have we all decided who the real enemies are: PELOSI CHINA PELOSI SOROS PELOSI HOLLYWOOD PELOSI LIBERALS PELOSI The list goes on. 
#FightTogether 300 new ventilators sent from China had arrived in the UK to help with the #COVID_19 situation, British Cabinet Office Minister Michael Gove announced on Saturday. #coronavirus #China 
You ask because you know we think it's China. My guess is that Trump isn't a puppet, has been on the record forever with our bad trade with China and chatted with India. China got pissed and leveled the playing field.
If it can be proven that China deliberately hid the truth about COVID-19, what should be done to them? What type of global response should they face?
Freedom for Chen Qiushi! @pressfreedom @chenqiushi404 No one knows where Chen Qiushi is now. He is probably held under 'Residential Surveillance'. Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 57 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. #China 
Trudeau thought it was racist not to accept the generous Chinese CCCP gift the WuhanVirus, so he repaid china with N95 Masks.
We can totally trust China’s numbers. See guys? 
"When the Government says that there needs to be a 'reckoning' with China once the coronavirus emergency is over, its focus must be much broader than simply examining Beijing’s culpability in creating the pandemic"  …
The Liar-in-Chief kept on repeating that he stopped travel fr China, when so many were allowed  in afterwards w/o proper screening. Individual 1 has put our country in danger so many times. How much longer are we going to accept this? November 3rd should be #DecisionDay
There needs to be consequences for the Communist Party’s Coronavirus cover up. They’ve cost the USA trillions in taxpayer dollars. China must pay for the damage it has caused. @seanhannity @GordonGChang 
Yup.... tried my best for years not to buy Chinese made.. not always possible, but if there’s a choice I’m taking the ain’t made in China Always buy locally whenever possible Help  first Power to the people 
China has been appointed to the U.N. Human Rights Council’s Consultative Group. The panel plays a role in selecting Global Monitors of Freedom of Speech, among others. The seat reserved for Oppressive Dictatorships on the Council itself is currently occupied by Venezuela...
Also, in case it's not obvious, I am a Hong Konger. Many of us have been protesting and resisting against the Chinese Communist Party. Here is some basic info about China vs Hong Kong. Thanks  …
40,000 people traveling to and from China is what Trump calls “shutting it down.”  …
Britain secures 300 new ventilators from China  
This rabbi basically preaches that #COVID19 is a force of good (or, a weapon?..) that is here to destroy Iran, China and Vatican: 
I believe India will replace China as the most preferred destination for MNCs to set up their manufacturing . Make in India will  a reality. What do you think ? I do understand India is not ready for this change, but Modi Hai tho Mumkin hai.
It appears that Ms. Swift was in  when the rise of China in the global economy was happening.
Breaking today.. Travel restriction? WTF? Flights continued this past week, the data showed, with passengers traveling from Beijing to Los Angeles, San Francisco and New York. 430,000 People Have Traveled From China to U.S. Since Coronavirus Surfaced 
Stacks of Urns in Wuhan Raise Doubts About China’s Official Coronavirus Death Toll  
Name a country in history that ever had a $2 trillion stimulus to help its People during difficult times. As far as "brutal barbarian" anti-American regimes like #China, #Venezuela and #Iran are concerned, all citizens are disposable & can be sacrificed for survival of  …
The WHO world health organization is a joke! They should be investigated for fraud and corruption and lies and manipulation and for their crooked ties with China!
Most of the case's of ChiNa virus in my area are 50 - 60 year old males They must have designed it that way to take out the males and exploit the women and children.
Fascinating data in this @NYT piece on #COVID19 outbreaks in the US. In this table of known origins, see that a history of travel in China is very, very low on the list. ht @sciencecohen  
Obama told us, "You didn't build that...". Why? Because China did! Let's get back to America being self-sufficient.
You literally called the China travel ban "fear-mongering."  …
The GDP loss from the virus crisis will be far worse than 2008 and even  including China (and rest of EM) Torsten Slok’s latest chart book at 
India, USA, UK and other countries are donating money & other essential things to fight against deadly virus #Corona , But Pakistan is donating money and lives to spread terrorism. And China donates #CoronaVirus to whole World. PS: Both China and Pakistan are dangerous virus.
Here’s an idea for @Yamiche since Trump already thinks you’re a nasty woman. Ask him how well implemented the screening of those 40k people entering from China was. Since it’s the one action he takes sole credit for.
China's been given a seat on the UN Human Rights Council. China. Search CNN's site. Not one mention. Hey @brianstelter, you planning on reporting it? @KurtSchlichter @CamEdwards @irinamoises @KeithMalinak @drewmatich @yesnicksearcy @ChrisRBarron
China turned Earth into a Leper colony. Bravo China. Bravo
being in tech basically qualifies me as a china geopolitical analyst, epidemiologist AND economist.
Bernier: "The UN is a puppet for dictators." Media: "LOL! You're a crazy isolationist!" *China unleashes pandemic on world, lies about it, kicks out journalists, countless citizens disappear* *UN gives China seat on Human  Bernier: I told you so. Media: 
. @jeffsessions says it’s time to reset our relationship with China. We can have a good relationship with them in the future as long as it’s not based on lies and deceit. 
190427 #WangYibo 10th China's Film Directors Guild 2018 Award #WangYibo王一博 
China censored the actual number of #WuhanVirus cases and manipulated @WHO to understate the severity of the virus. It made the world underestimate the virus and delayed our preventive measures. China and WHO should be held accountable for the pandemic. 
#BreakingNews : ICJ has urged the UNHRC to act against China  grave offenses against humanity by spreading the lethal #coronavirus across the world resulting in the death of thousands of people in several countries. Complainant : A C Aggarwala, Chairman, AIBA
An Executive Order requiring voter ID for every ballot in the 2020 November Election due to the ease of vote fraud during this China flu pandemic would be an excellent order to protect our National Security.  …
As a strong leader Pres. @realDonaldTrump restricted China travel. #JoeBiden spent 2 monthsbbashing the restrictions as “xenophobia” & “fear-mongering.” Biden flip-flopped; supports it now. 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Bold Christian 
Seems the experts, don't mention the planes full of passengers arriving every day. Don't mention the immigrants smuggled in UK. All the Chinese students that came over from China this year. Seems the cause of this Coronavirus crisis is a dog Walker on the Peak district.
Yes, Trump did restrict air traffic from China. But he didn't do so until AFTER the major airlines had already announced they were halting those flights. The supposed "uproar" that Trump claims he bucked is an invention to make him seem heroic. It simply did not happen. 5/13
As a strong leader Pres. @realDonaldTrump restricted China travel. #JoeBiden spent 2 monthsbbashing the restrictions as “xenophobia” & “fear-mongering.” Biden flip-flopped; supports it now. 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Bold Christian 
Fox in the hen house. Damn! China joins UN Human Rights Council panel despite troubling record, response to coronavirus  …
Russia and China both have sent lots of life-saving equipment to New York.  …
I get lots of Twitter replies pointing to the China “travel ban” as early action against #coronavirus. However, the ban on entering the U.S. from China only applied to non-American citizens – that’s not enough action to stop a virus.  …
Around 300 ventilators arrived from China yesterday to help Britain’s fight against the coronavirus pandemic #COVID19  …
How China’s fake news machine is rewriting the history of Covid-19, even as the pandemic unfolds | South China Morning Post  …
Global solidarity is picking up momentum. A random walk through Twitter shows both Oregon and China lending a hand to New York today. Germany and Somali health workers helped Italy the other day. Could the world be turning over a new leaf?
The original King Dingane's royal capital, uMgungundlovu... SA architecture was always designed like a low budget San Francisco. Italy, France, London, China, etc, their cultures echo through the structures. New cities must be built. Cities that affirm that "This is Africa!" 
China lied and America lied. We are dissidents in America so I am focused on discrediting our corrupt hostile government that is trying to maintain credibility by blaming a foreign country for its own failings.  …
Earlier in the week we hijacked a much larger shipment of 3M masks in China bound for France.
January 21: First Coronavirus patient in the U.S. January 31: Trump announces flights to/from China will stop. January 31: @SpeakerPelosi calls Trump's travel ban 
Just remember the contaminated masks and faulty test kits. China is not our friend. Don't let them convince you otherwise.
NEW YORK GETS 1000 VENTILATORS FROM CHINA Absence of a functional Federal system, requires Governor to source life or death medical gear. @HHSGov @NYGovCuomo #hero #china @MFA_China  …
Freedom is not free. People fought for it with lots of sacrifices, tears, sweat and even blood. We must protect it at all costs, especially under the serious threat of authoritarianism by China. #chinazi #StandWithHongKong 
Report: Zoom Admits Some Video Calls Were Routed Through China!!  … @realDonaldTrump
Exclusive: China’s Ambassador to US @AmbCuiTiankai refutes intelligence reports of concealed death tolls: “Just think about it. We have such a huge population, such a big country, you cannot hide the cases with such a very vicious virus” More @GZEROMedia:  
Whispers: Corona was already dispersed in the United States well before China or the WHO admitted anything and CCP blocking access and sharing of information caused the spread  …
Let's not forget this bunny boyfriend look #JUNGKOOK #JungkookFashion #JungkookBoyfriend 
A joke shared among overseas Chinese: in the current game human vs #COVID19, China played first half, the world is playing the second half. Oversea Chinese has been playing the whole game and receiving discrimination in both halves.  …
First they created the Fed Made it legal to do stock buybacks Made it illegal to fail Print money so shit is expensive Export jobs to Communist China Rich got richer And we stuck here with Bat AIDS and a fucking cloth on our faces like we all Middle Easterns. 
Remember how some idiots laughed and criticized the harsh measures that were taken in China?
Exclusive: China’s Ambassador to US @AmbCuiTiankai refutes intelligence reports of concealed death tolls: “Just think about it. We have such a huge population, such a big country, you cannot hide the cases with such a very vicious virus.” More from GZERO:  
China has sent 1,000 ventilators to NY, the epicenter of Coronavirus in the US. Americans has disparaged China for many years and it is China now saving their sorry ass lives.
Our country is in a biological warfare war w China right now They have imposed a virus on us w/ intent to k!ll The goal is to hurt our ppl, economy, & Trump, in hopes Dems regain power Little do Dems/China know, this makes America PUMPED to SAVE USA & vote 4 Trump EVEN MORE!
China doesn't need to save ventilators for the swing states like Florida, Trump does.  …
Analysis of flights in past two months from China: 40,000 travelers Uneven screening Destinations—NY, NJ, CA Some flights from Wuhan With Trump you never listen to what he says—but, what he doesn’t do. #wtpEBRC #wtp2020 ⁦  …
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Saturday that China is facilitating the shipment of 1,000 ventilators to his state, as he continues to shop for more of the lifesaving devices ahead of a growing number of coronavirus patients who will need them. 
There isn’t a sliver of evidence to support this claim. Are you insinuating the virus is a White supremacist? The data we do have says ANYONE and EVERYONE can get it. Oh, and that China is responsible for the pandemic.  …
We must increase our strategic stockpiles and fix our reliance on China– the country that started this virus– for our Nation's supply of medications and medical supplies. Joined @LelandVittert on @ANHQDC to 
Thousands of people are dead because China covered up the virus. Let that sink in. #COVID19
Cuomo Says China Is Donating 1,000 Ventilators To New York  …
With #COVID19 raging around the globe, healthcare systems are under pressure to protect their medical personnel from the coronavirus. France and Germany have ordered extra masks from China. There’s just one problem, America keeps snatching them out from under their noses! 
Report: ICJ urges UNHRC to act against China for COVID-19 pandemic.  …
So next on my to-read pile is a science fiction book about a survivor of a plague beginning in China that wipes out most of New York...and I can't really bring myself to read it.
Meanwhile in Canada, Justin gave ours away to China. 
New York is now relying on ventilators donated from China, because our own President mused that we don't really need them. What a national embarrassment.  …
Respectfully, Presidemic Trump, you're a joke. If you were always on the lookout about a pandemic, why did you leave the stockpiles empty for 3 years and think that blocking a few planes from China (with 11 exemptions) would keeps us from being #1? You lie, we die: Receipts! 
China is suppressing online discussions about coronavirus deaths, and is sending officials to funerals to keep them quiet. A truck driver claims to have delivered an order for thousands of urns to a Wuhan funeral home. #COVID2019 #coronavirus 
China joins UN Human Rights Council panel despite troubling record, response to coronavirus It is TIME to exit the UN
Horror themed MADE IN CHINA t-shirt Is anything LEFT ?? to say?? 
Read this article and recall how media treated @cernovich, @JackPosobiec, and others who proposed a China travel ban in late January: "430,000 People Have Traveled From China to U.S. Since Coronavirus Surfaced" 
Already a high-priority target for hacking by intelligence services, @zoom_us acknowledges that some encryption keys were apparently routed to servers in #China.  …
. #ClusterTrump Administration in action – $27 Million – Value of ventilators shipped to China Jan-Feb 2020 Ventilator – $121 at Allied Healthcare Grandma – Priceless USAToday➔  
I live in Massachusetts and with the help of our governor and Robert Kraft, owner of New England Patriots, we were able to get 1.2 million masks from China that we are sharing with NY and CT. We are not waiting for Trump to give us any.
Trump lied about his Feb. 2 order “closing” off travel from China. Since Feb 2 over 40K people flew direct from China, most on Chinese airlines, & 60% were not Americans. The flights continue now. Until the virus is contained, all flights must stop. 
So did everyone else. FFS: the problem is that China, backed by WHO, egregiously lied about it. Given that, we’ve done pretty well and our only hot spots are places where local officials decided to own Trump rather than act.
I have a theory: China is leading in 5G tech.. USA has issues with Huawei.. certain European countries willing to work with Huawei on 5G. Disinformation! Demonize! Cause market slow down
God u r great. How this Corona humiliated US, China &:other so called UNSC dictators of their Nuclear arsenal. Running for their life now.Where is UNO?Who is caring 4 world now. Corona arrived late.Shd  in mediaeval era to teach lessons to all Christian & Muslim invaders
We need to reject everything from China. Ring-fence it and lock it out. No ships. No planes. No students. No tourists. Nothing.  …
Once this virus pandemic is over, and the  roaring back like Trump is positioning it to do, & all those US  home from China & elsewhere, Trump will be STRONGER than ever while the Democrats will be trying to replace Joe Biden.
Not good, @zoom_us. Many feared #China getting sensitive information if #Huawei’s 5G network was approved in Canada. Now, China’s getting sensitive information because millions must videoconference due to #coronavirus, which originated in China!  …
Elections matter Flip The House Red Authoritarian tracking Socialism Dependence on China Open Borders Globalism The Green New Deal Foreign Worker Visas Oust Pelosi crony by Donating $5 today to LauraLoomerforCongress at  PLZ 
Per-capita death rates from COVID-19: Taiwan: 0.2 per million (5 deaths) Hong Kong: 0.6 per million (4 deaths) Singapore: 1 per million (6 deaths) China: 2 per million (3,326 deaths) South Korea: 3 per million (177 deaths) ... US: 25 per million (8,137 deaths..and just starting)  …
Hydroxychloroquine, the malaria drug there has been so much buzz about, seemed to help coronavirus patients who were mildly or moderately sick, in a small controlled study in China. 
Thank you, @tedcruz for expanding on the issue regarding China! We need answers. In addition, USA needs to be self sufficient. 
Andrew Cuomo thanks China for ventilators as New York prepares for coronavirus peak – video  …
Adding China to the UN Human Rights Council proves the  of the UN. China should be punished, not rewarded for spreading the Chinese virus. 
3/5 Trump's China travel restriction significantly reduced the influx of travelers, but nearly 40,000 Americans & authorized travelers have  in via direct flights since the order was enacted. The screening process at arriving airports is spotty with minimal follow-up.
Copycat @RepBrindisi at it again, copying my #MadeinAmerica iniatives to keep critical supplies made here.  to the club. I called for this more than a week ago, and have been an advocate for lessening our dependency on China my entire career.  …
#Iran, despite severe Western sanctions, was the 1st country to send #COVID2019 aid to #China & express support instead of pointing fingers. Now we're pleased to say that the Chinese people,  & government have sent 28 aid cargos to Iran so far! 
China has just been given a seat on the UN Human Rights Council China lied about this Virus outbreak, infecting the world They lock Muslims in Concentration Camps The UN is a joke. @realDonaldTrump needs to get the US out of the UN #UnitedNationsIsAJoke
Good news! At Bangkok airport we intercepted 200,000 masks en route to Berlin from a 3M factory in China, diverting them to the US. Germany chose to rely on a  for vital medical supplies. What were they thinking?  …
trump won’t send ventilators to the State of NY stating they didn’t maintain the ones they had. (No proof) China donates 1000 ventilators to the State of NY. The State of Oregon sends 140 without being asked. China & Oregon act more Presidential than trump! trump abandoned NY! 
An Aussie vents his anger on China outside the Chinese embassy in Sydney. . @Symbianian . @HLKodo . @_sekhah . @kuruviyaar . @Aatreyaa . @SaffronDalit . @serukku . @manin_kaavi . @arvinth_e . 
Nothing in UN's rules prevents China from joining such a grouping. When Saudi Arabia joined a panel of the council, I had written this. But you can't blame @UNHumanRights for this - the blame goes to member-states for not having proper  …
#FightTogether A donation of 1,000 ventilators will arrive in New York City on Saturday from China, said New York Governor Andrew Cuomo. #China #US #COVID_19 
The U.S. left the U.N. in 2018. Then-U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley called China “a protector of human rights abusers, and a cesspool of political bias." But the U.N. rewards China to a panel on the controversial U.N. Human Rights Council. Great going. U.N.!  …
Coronavirus latest: China sends over 1,000 ventilators to crisis-hit New York  …
Still wondering why the Deep State were always screaming "Russia Russia Russia"? If you are, you really aren't the sharpest tool in the shed. It's been China all along and your filthy "representatives" have been bought and paid for  …
New York now has more #COVID19 deaths (3,565) than: Iran - 3,294 Netherlands - 1,487 Germany - 1,275 China - 3,326* (reported) That is mind boggling, and an indictment on our system.
China should impeach their President
China now has a seat on the UN Human Rights Council panel This is like Harvey Weinstein having a seat on the advisory council for the National Sexual Violence Center
China hates rivalry even more. Don't you guys read? Facebook, WhatsApp and many  apps we use worldwide even Uber and taxify/bolt are all banned in China. China is trying to use a virus to take over the world and y'all are sleeping on this
No thanks! Why do we need Bill's vaccine when China has achieved an over 90% recovery rate already. Why don't we use what China used to treat patients (IV administered vitamin C from what I've read)? Vaccine is not the only solution to this pandemic. He's just money& power hungry
The area around my hospital in Imbaba near Cairo has the highest number of people per sqm, more than anywhere in China India,Brazil or Mexico,the sheer density makes social distancing impossible. I hope the virus doesn’t hit us in Egypt with ferocity, May heavens save us.
China Shazam Top 200: #6 ON - BTS #7 Sweet Night - V 
“They threaten Beijing will take 'countermeasures' on their behalf? So they aren’t an extension of the #CCP?" The chairman of China's telecom giant #Huawei threatens that if the U.S. doesn’t lift the sanction on  the Chinese regime will 
Artists in China have started resampling traditional sounds into fractured,   …
China has started a new kind of weapon. Now it could be start of biological war world over. Now terrorists may try to use it. I m sure once situation normalizes, World would give attention to this aspect.  …
People are still eating bats in China. Its looking more likely that this virus came out of the bio lab in Wuhan. We know China lied about the Virus, arrested doctors and whistleblowers who tried to warn public about it, and allowed millions to leave Wuhan to spread virus
Andrew Cuomo thanks China for ventilators as New York prepares for coronavirus peak – video  …
China on the Human Rights Council? Should Greece run the World Bank? Put Ethiopia in charge of the food program? Put India in charge of overpopulation? I can do this all day...  …
CNN = China’s “News” Network
‘Stop Eating Bats!’: Sen. Lindsey Graham Blasts Wet Markets In China  
It needs to be made a bigger deal of that the only thing Trump claims as evidence that he took action  the spread of the coronavirus (shutting down flights from China) HE NEVER ACTUALLY DID.  …
We must not upset China now must we  …
How many times do we need to change the name of the China virus? Corona, covid, wuhon, bat flu, rona. Have I missed any? Can we just cure it and stop glorifying it already?
It’s a sad state of affairs when this BS originated in China, they lied and continue to lie about the number of deaths and lethality of COVID-19, and then they get kudos for sending token number of critical equipment. They should be sending plane loads around the world!
For sure - Stanford scientist Marshall Burke has estimated that the temporary reduction in air pollution might have saved more lives in China than the pandemic took.  …
Remember the wisdom of our billionaire Commerce Secretary from two months ago: “Wilbur Ross says coronavirus could bring jobs back to the U.S. from China”  …
The maker of Purell hand sanitizer was granted exclusions from U.S. tariffs  it imports from China 
I'm not saying @CNN works for China but if they did can someone tell me how their coverage would be any different??
Lockdown imposed in China's Henan Province after fresh cases emerge~ F U CHINA  …
Hey @realDonaldTrump?!?! Why is China's President doing more to take care of Americans than you are?  …
The @UN is giving China a seat on the Human Rights Council panel. The @WHO has been helping China in their efforts to cover up the Coronavirus Outbreak. This is a disgrace.  …
NEW YORK UPDATE - 113,704 confirmed cases - 4,126 In ICU - 3,565 deaths -Cuomo says state is within 7 days of peak, adds that New York is not ready for the apex. -The state will receive 1,000 ventilators from China, with another 140 ventilators from Oregon. 
More Britons have died of coronavirus than in China as UK toll soars 
China is  regime that: – Lied to the world about Coronavirus – Runs a surveillance state – Strips citizens of basic rights – Locks minorities in concentration camps And the UN just gave them a seat on a Human Rights Council panel. Outrageous.  …
67% of those who tested positive for coronavirus in China this month had no typical symptoms 
China remains the US' last unconquered jewel in Asia. A desire to conquer China has long animated the West's colonial expansion to the Orient, going back to the 1500s. The US will stop at nothing until it possesses China. Trade wars, sanctions, propaganda are just the beginning.
Donald Trump claims he shut down flights from China to stop the coronavirus. But in the past two months, 40,000 people have made the trip, arriving in L.A., San Francisco, NYC, Chicago, Seattle, Newark and Detroit. Thousands flew in directly from Wuhan.  …
Thank you China for firebombing the rest of the world's houses and then selling them defective firehoses to put out the flames while you walk off with the profit. Are you sure these were "donated?" Compare:   …
This article by @STUinSD is a tour-de-force in understanding the true intents and deceit of Communist China. As well, it's a mirror of the way the Democrats operate in the USA.  I see between the two: Godlessness!!  …
So in conclusion this Coronavirus made in Wuhan China was to be distributed in India by TJ-- The TN mkting group seems to have done a good job in retail redistribution efforts ably supported by TN media and left liberals and other useful idiots:)) RT
Does anyone actually believe China has just over 3,000 coronavirus deaths? I don't. It's utterly preposterous.
Dear America: Do better this November. This asshat doesn't even know that the raw materials to create those 3M  from Canada. We'll take our payment in masks from now on. Canada is your second largest trading partner next to China. Think about it. Friendships matter.  …
The way I look at it is! China should pay back America for that to trillion dollar tax relief bill! That's just for starters! Plus they should pay for all the pain and suffering they've caused Americans #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #MakeChinaPay for all this chaos
Yah, we aren’t buying propaganda out of state run media in China, anymore than we’re buying propaganda and lies out of Trump’s state run media here #FoxNewsLiedAsPeopleDied too CC: #maga  …
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo tweets to thank donations of 1000 ventilators from China. 
"We've been so busy taking back control from Brussels we seem not to have noticed how fast  and technologies are falling into the grasp of other nations” @TomTugendhat #China  …
Gov. Cuomo Announces He’s Now Getting Ventilators From China As Trump’s Response Flounders 
America is so great again that China is donating ventilators to NY
COMMENTARY: While the prime minister managed to avoid giving China’s propaganda efforts a boost, the same cannot be said of Canada’s health minister, says 
Does Jared Kushner know that China and Oregon are donating ventilators to NY ?
Jackson went to china when  is near to film go fridge last year they didn’t had any problem this time its hard because of virus thats why he canceled it its not because of GOT7 you all are soo selfish for wishing that GOT7 need to cancel  after ++
China joins UN Human Rights Council Panel That’s Rich A few months ago, a video surfaced of the “Tiger Chair” a torture chair China used on a man who spoke “badly” against the Chinese Police! Very humane of them isn’t it? @UN 
Fmr US Amb to Japan Hagerty China Handling of Coronavirus 'Crime of the Century' 'Greatest Cover-Up in Human History' China playing public relations game & what they should have been playing is working hard on public health CHINA’S CCP ASSHOLE  …
"Trump has, with some justification, pointed to the China-related restriction as evidence that he had responded aggressively and early to the outbreak. It was among the few intervention options throughout the crisis that played to the instincts of the president"
China has donated 1,000 ventilators to New York. The new world order, we all need each other.  …
3 minutes of silence: #China pays tribute to #COVID19 victims MORE:  
ROUND 2: China Starts Mass Quarantines Again After Failing to Stop COVID-19  
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo says China is donating 1,000 ventilators to the state  
Group of 77 and China expresses solidarity among all countries affected by #COVID19 pandemic  
Cuomo says more ventilators inbound from China, Oregon 
 from....China  …
The truth about Trumps travel restrictions from China that he loves to crow about... #WTP2020 #wtpTEAM via  …
Unconscionable. All air travel from China should have stopped immediately in January w/ #ChinaVirus outbreak. Instead, mayors of Democrat cities urged their citizens to go to Lunar Day events (in NYC) to not stigmatize Chinese.   …
Alyssa Cole's joy is infectious. Check out her new podcast, Girls with Glasses. We talked about termites, my motorcycle girl gang, and how humans respond similarly to outbreaks, whether they're here, China or Sierra Leone. Can't wait for your next episodes  …
That was last week. This week the influencers are influencing people to be stupid about 3M's CEO telling Trump to go pound sand and he'll keep right on shipping masks to China & Trump can't do a thing about it except rage on Twitter. Influencing people to be STUPID.
In this article for Nepal Institute for International Cooperation and Engagement, I write on how China’s COVID19 diplomacy in South Asia is failing. @JSIAJindal @JindalGlobalUNI @CSEAS_JGU 
They probably don’t work. China is donating 1,000 ventilators to help New York in coronavirus fight  …
Remember that China donated 1000 ventilators to the citizens of New York whereas their own President sat like a throne on the ones he had.
If the @WHO had done its job, instead of kowtowing to Communist China, every country would be better off. That’s why I am calling for a Congressional investigation. The US contributes millions of taxpayer $$to the WHO & they must be held accountable.  …
So glad there is such a strong message to stay home. However  non essential workers are still allowed to go to work,flights  into UK from affected areas like Iran, Italy, China, & no temp / health checks, forms or quarantine at Heathrow / Gatwick? #lockdown
Trump’s go-to defense (and self-praise) is that he cut off travel from China in Jan. But it’s  painfully obvious that most effective way to mitigate COVID-19 is through testing & tracking. As Germany & S. Korea have proven, doing so has saved lives.  …
“Trump admin received 1st formal notification of coronavirus in China on Jan. 3. US spy agencies signaled threat to Trump. Yet it took 70 days for Trump to treat it not as a distant threat or harmless flu well under control, but as a lethal force”  …
Total Cases Of Coronavirus ( 1st March - 4th April ) Bar Chart Race – Now, China Is Out Of Top 5 – Spain Surpass Italy – Germany, France Surpass China – South Korea Out Of Top 15 
Point of clarity: Yes, "wet markets" in China are open. No, selling wild animals for food has not been resumed (legally, that is). Wet markets sell fresh meat & produce. Sometimes they also sell wild animals, but that was banned in China, and the ban remains in place.
 … 1) China does not have a record of systemic human rights abuse, only USA made those claims.
"China is donating 1,000 ventilators to help New York in coronavirus fight"  …
Governor Cuomo announced that 1,000 ventilators from China—donated by Joseph and Clara Tsai and Jack Ma—will be arriving at JFK Airport today. Also, the state of Oregon is sending 140 ventilators.  
Flashback: Remember this ⁦ @RepAdamSchiff?⁩ You never took the China threat seriously, nor did the rest of your party. What info was missed in HPSCI hearings like this on China that were hijacked by Schiff to continue to push “Trump-Russia collusion”?  …
Shame for this doctor to be politicizing a pandemic when people are looking for info, not editorial. I guess she missed the presser where doctors said it was difficult for the world to prepare when China refused to share crucial data. Tired of this garbage.  …
Pakistan asked for N95 masks from China. China sent them 32B.
"Smoldering"? "Outraged" would be more like it, @GrecianFormula. Now, I think we should all just give up on the #UnitedNations. #China  …
Dr Margaret Harris from WHO says China was effective against Coronavirus in Wuhan because they tested everyone and they were able to locate everyone who was in contact with people who tested positive and quarantined them. Without mass testing, it’s a waste of time!
Antihumanism & Transhumanism Population Council Stephen B. Heintz Chris Elias Bill Gates China GVAP Fauci ID2020 Rockefeller 
They couldn’t destroy @realDonaldTrump w/Russia collusion & the Mueller report. They couldn’t destroy him with the Ukrainian hoax or impeachment. The global cabal turned to their last resort - a pandemic, unleashed on the world & China is the sole Beneficiary.  …
I hear everyone either cursing China or WHO or Trump or other governments or screaming for doctors,nurses, ventilator manufacturers etc etc but no one is asking GOD ..”Why the F are u doing this ? “ That is because they all deep inside know that this is an act of GOD
"I feel a lot of sorrow about our colleagues and patients who died," said Xu, a nurse who worked in Wuhan, as China honored their dead even as #COVID-19 continued to spread across the globe, with more than 1.1 million novel #coronavirus cases reported  
Yeah, Trump’s “ban” didn’t stop US citizens carrying the virus from China returning, didn’t stop  to the US via another country, didn’t fix the fact that he dismantled our pandemic response team in 2018, didn’t change that he failed to start mass producing or testing
1/2 When repressive regimes see trouble, 1st response is coverup not candor. Like USSR w/Chernobyl, China w/Sars, China w/Covid in Dec. Now TeamTrump fires whistblowing Capt. for saving crew & Intel IG reporting Ukraine scandal. 45's "daily show" is a giant coverup machine.  …
Coronavirus killed China's whistleblower doctor. Now the virus has changed how the country can mourn him  …
Hundreds of new ventilators are being manufactured daily in the UK - and 300 arrived from China on Saturday, a senior government minister has said 
Organ harvesting, social credits, re-education (prison) camps, crimes against humanity... Kick the U.N. out of the U.S. China joins UN Human Rights Council panel despite troubling record, response to coronavirus  #FoxNews
China: Black twitter: 
NEVER buying anything made in China! 
You know that all this American imperial humiliation is gonna cause a huge backlash when all this is over. You can see the crazed China hate building already. It’s gonna be more spectacular than anything we’ve seen so far. War on Terror levels?  …
China joins U.N. human rights panel, will help pick experts on free speech, health, arbitrary detention  …
WOW! Judas took 29 pieces of silver, and all it takes for the @NYGovCuomo is 1000 ventilators to roll over for the folks responsible for a global pandemic and NYC being the U.S. epicenter of COVID-19. But by all means thank China for the 114,000 cases and 3500+ deaths in NY. 
PARTY INVITATON EUPHORIA IS TURNING 2!! Pls join our birthday party for Jungkook's Euphoria on April 6 @0:00 KST Goals Buy Euphoria on iTunes Stream Euphoria on Spotify+YT Trending Party #.JKEuphoriaTurns2 #.유포리아두살 ("du-sal" = 2 yo ) #JUNGKOOK 
FYI, @kayleighmcenany, 40,000+ people have flown in from China since Trump claimed to have "shut them down," and because of  failure in handling the pandemic, more people will die of coronavirus in the US than any other nation on earth.  …
Starting at 10 am on Apr 4, people across China observed three minutes of silence. Sirens of automobiles, trains and ships sounded. Air defense warnings also went off. 
China mourned the thousands of ‘martyrs’ who died in the coronavirus outbreak, flying the national flag at half-mast throughout the country and suspending all entertainment  
So China observes a 3 minute silence for all those who have lost the lives as a consequence of #ChinaVirus and the media lap it up.
We've been warning of statistics stacking. We should treat stas coing from NY the same as we treat stats from China.  …
The reason the US praises South Korea (democracy!) & attacks China (yellow peril!) is bc China is the last unconquered conquest in Asia. The US yearns to do to China what it did to S Korea: conquer & turn it into a US-installed state—the malleable orient—subservient to US empire. 
I’m seeing a lot of white people in particular being very quick to blame Chinese people or Chinese culture or something else they believe is unique to China for the emergence of COVID-19. But white, rural Australians can also get bat diseases.
If Adams should resign for downplaying Covid at that point, so should Fauci. Birx said the other day they thought it was more like SARS than anything. It all goes back to China and WHO.  …
Globalist Bill Gates wants whole world to stay shut down, until we all get his patented vaccination from the virus he & Communist China created. These people are sick! Let's get back to work & treat everyone infected with meds.  
We MUST hold China accountable...
"Today 300 new ventilators arrived from China... I'd like to thank the Chinese government" Michael Gove says the UK government has been "working to increase ventilator capacity across the NHS" #torybrexit what happened to the Dyson 
1000 ventilators donated from #China have arrived in NYC. President Trump's call to President Xi is making a difference. Hopefully the good will is appreciated. #coronavirus 
This was our Speaker of the House... On February 24, more than three weeks later! Pelosi encouraged public gatherings in late February, weeks after Trump's China travel ban 
Very roughly: estimates for reductions in China's Feb emissions range from about 15-25%. They're the world's top emitter on an annual basis (the US is #1 cumulatively). Let's assume that globally, the pandemic leads to worldwide reductions of 10-15% for a month or two.
the moment china attacked us, tried 2 hide it, lied about it, and is now trying 2 take advantage of us while we're down. make no mistake, china is the enemy. and dealing with the enemy is treasonous  
Don’t stop reminding ppl that it was Obama & Biden who encouraged America’s  to move to China for the cheap labor to reduce prescription drug prices as part of ObamaCare. Now 90% of prescription drugs are made in China & the prices still ain’t came down
Two truths I will never forget. 1) China lied People Died 2) Epstein didn’t kill himself
Unfortunately for the US, propaganda is more effective when it's based on facts. That's why China is winning the propaganda war. 
French Health Minister Olivier Véran said that France has ordered nearly 2 billion #masks from China. And it is ordering more: reports #COVID19 @globaltimesnews
A world in which superpowers can't agree on *anything*. US kicking against China leading the world in 5G rollout, despite Huawei being the most ready to deploy. Russia accused of a tech cold war. Germany struggling to keep the EU one. UK Brexited. Yet they'll ALL keep a secret?
BBC Breaking. China sends 300 ventilators to the UK.
Thank you China,  through for New York, unlike our own federal government.  …
CCP gets used to tampering with history ! Shameless ! #EvilCCP #CCPVirus How China’s fake news machine is rewriting the history of Covid-19, even as the pandemic unfolds | South China Morning Post  …
Harvard professor charged with lying about Chinese research #SARSCoV2 #coronavirus #CharlesLieber #WMD #CHINA #WUHAN  …
