Of all the damning details in this account of Trump admin’s non-response to coronavirus, don’t sleep on “focused on the Phase One deal with China.” That trade “deal” is empty. Vapor. An agreement to work on the big issues later, done to hoodwink Americans ahead of the election.  …
. @realKyleOlbert: In a huge blow to human rights, #China has been appointed to @UNHumanRights Council. This is like appointing a pyromaniac to be the town fire chief. The entire free world is under attack. #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell #CCPVirus  
#BREAKING: A city in southern China has ordered bars and restaurants not to serve customers who appear to be of African origin, citing coronavirus risk. I reckon @DrTedros owes Taiwan an apology for his baseless racism allegation. Then he should confront the CCP’s REAL racism.
India and China's great 20th century divergence. The intellectual beginnings stem from a schism in worldview at the dawn of the 20th century when Chinese elites chose to take the path of Darwinian materialism towards national salvation as opposed to India.
New Data Shows U.S. Companies Are Definitely Leaving China #chinesevirus #CCPvirus  …
China has 5x the population of the US but ended up with 1/5th the cases. You’re such an epic FAILURE.
#HongKong is Hong Kong, not China. #Taiwan is Taiwan, not China. China doesn’t care about humanity. We care. China lied to the world tgt with WHO. We warned the world. China tries to bully and oppress HongKongers and Taiwanese. We resist. 
China Lied. ADOS DIED.
Dr. Thayer: #XiJinping's disastrous rule is going to lead #China back to a Maoist abyss #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell #CCPVirus  
Joe Biden is the last man standing—wobbly. 1700 people caught his YouTube rally as the presumptive nominee. Can we talk about China and Hunter yet?  …
Leadership: Whatever happens, put it in the “good bucket” or the “bad bucket.” If it’s in the “bad bucket” blame Obama or Pelosi or Schumer or Romney or Fake News or NATO or [insert name of latest accuser] or China or “Roger Daltrey’s band” or Weekend Fox News or Wall St Journal.
According to Business Insider, #AnimalCrossing was banned in China after Hong Kong pro-democracy activist @joshuawongcf started a trend of customizing islands that aim at Chinese Communist Party 
Dr. Thayer: US made the biggest grand strategic mistake it ever made by allowing #China into the economic & political ecosystem of the West #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell #CCPVirus  
Everything in this tweet is wrong. All of it. Virus originated in China. US strain came from Europe. NYT is not fake news or failing. There are named sources.  …
The governments of Taiwan, South Korea, Hong Kong and Singapore have all been more successful than China's in containing the virus--and without hammering apartment doors shut to enforce quarantines, or any other dictatorial brutality. So this could be China's Chernobyl after all.
NHK: Taiwanese government informed WHO in DECEMBER, of human-to-human transmission of a new SARS-like virus. Warning was silenced so as not to anger China. The critical moment when the virus could have been stopped.  …
Do dogs get thrown out of China? 
Nothing but excuses from Trumpworld and zero responsibility for his failures and inaction and  Trump knew and did nothing. China didn't make Trump ignore the warnings and briefings. That's all on him and the GOP that enabled his corrupt admin.
Sen. @MarshaBlackburn told Breitbart News Saturday that the United States needs to hold China’s feet to the fire for its central role in the coronavirus pandemic, stressing that its position in key organizations needs to be reexamined. 
Taiwan is the real China, CCP is the fake one. US should recognize Taiwan as formal country and let it back to United nations, this will be the toughest hit to CCP ever.
Funny in all of Trumps China bashing rhetoric, he fails to mention his family's cozy ties to them.
You, uh, might want to stop drinking the koolaid now. This was caused by China. Gates owns the patent, and stands to make billions on a vaccine.
Spent hours cleaning my truck today. Stitch dug a hole to China. 
The thing is CCP shills are using this very study to say the disease came from Europe and usa not china. Nyt is running news that helps the Chinese coverup. We need to recognize the truth here. #ccpvirus 
Someone needs to break it to her, "it was" a free country & a bloody good one at that. The ALP/LNP duopoly sold us out and our way of life - a long time ago... Now, back to Coronavirus & either the greatest knee-jerk reaction to China flu, or a brilliant plan to save lives. idk  …
I totally agree with Gordon Brown ”an initial cover-up in Wuhan; China’s delayed reporting to the  the World Health Organization (WHO) meekly agreeing that the crisis was “moderate”; and even when on 30 January it apologised and declared.
Interesting timing: “wife of Chinese President Xi Jinping and a goodwill ambassador of the WHO for tuberculosis and HIV/AIDS, meets with Bill Gates...in Beijing, capital of China, **Nov. 21, 2019***.” (h/t GLP)  …
 in from Europe to NY, spread a virus originating in China"  …
The New York Times is now reporting the coronavirus came to New York as early as November for Europe. That person most likely visited China during the pandemic outbreak.
Japan Paying $2 Billion for its Manufacturers to Leave China  …
I only support my fellow Africans who are doing a wise thing. WHO and United Nations has failed miserably to show GLOBAL LEADERSHIP. They would have asked the P5 of Security Council to hold China accountable and put it in hot seat.
The virus was from China. Claiming the origins of the US virus is from Europe and Americans is wrong. China spread it to the world. It doesn't matter what individual person brought it into the US.
Yes, the virus came from China. Yes, they mucked up the and tried to cover up the deed at first and time was lost. However, WE had more than two months advance notice. Testing was not ready. PPE was not assessed. Defense Production Act was not implemented. WE screwed it up.
I’ll make this as simple as I can for you. The corona virus killed those people. China could have stopped it but they chose not to. Fools like you make it easier for them to get away with it.
That’s NY Times carrying water for China. The story to make you believe that China cares so much about the quality.  …
I say that with all the debt that China holds on America, why don’t we send them a bill for the Coronavirus and we call it even?
Communist misinformation is spreading rumors that Africans in China are infecting Chinese with the Coronavirus. Africans are evicted or arrested. Chinese should be furious to  party not foreigners it was  party who covered up the outbreak 
I've seen some really exceptional PE teaching in China (though not the norm there). - strong emphasis on play - teacher spent most of his time and attention on the weaker kids, not the stronger ones - divided up groups by size, not by age  …
Not again: China imposes NEW coronavirus lockdown - fears grow for devastating second wave 
. @WallforTX is running for Congress in a district that’s home to more Asian Americans than anywhere else in Texas. Her newest campaign ad blames China for the coronavirus pandemic.  …
. @JackPosobiec: If you're thrown into prison in #China, you're immediately put into forced labor With Falun Gong & Uyghurs, we've also seen forced organ donation & harvesting by the #CCP #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell #CCPVirus  
Is it relevant that China has 5x the population of the United States, and 1/6 the deaths?  …
. @JackPosobiec: Very repressive for Christians in #China #CCP doesn't just deploy digital social surveillance; they have "community watchers" tracking daily life, down to the level of apt buildings, classrooms #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell  
Short of declaring war on China before this virus escaped from their lab, that isn't true. But it could have been responded to a lot better if Obama hadn't burned through our PPE reserves without replenishing them and hadn't outsourced our drugs and medical supplies to China.
It's China, guys. 
Azar and Mulvaney were both in bad places with Trump, making them weak messengers. The information from China  Mnuchin and Kudow were focused on the Phase One deal with China. The president was focused on impeachment and his own survival.  …
Why does it matter to Paterson where the virus originated? All that matters to Australians is how we deal with it here and now. Is Paterson planning to cease trade with China? Deprive them of our iron ore and coal? Stop allowing Chinese imports? Why the threats?
Popular social simulator game #AnimalCrossing was banned in China after Hong Kong pro-democracy activist @joshuawongcf started a trend of customizing islands that take aim at Chinese Communist Party officials, including #XiJinping and @WHO during the #CCPVirus 
Danielle DiMartino Booth exposes China & World Health Organization in a sit-down with Patrick Bet-David of Valuetainment — "within days of signing a trade deal with the United States with a clause about pandemics, China announces the first case" — 
Politicizing coronavirus science: A premier biology journal says the virus can’t be tied to China. Nonsense masquerading as political correctness to avoid offending the CCP.  …
COVID 19 is from China, created in a high level bio-weapons development facility in Wuhan. It is an engineered virus.  …
China lovers are American sellouts.
Democrats are fighting for China, Iran, abortion clinics, their friends and benefactors and the Kennedy Center.
DEC 31, 2019: Mainstream media all over the world — from the US and Canada to the UK and Singapore — were talking about a “SARS-like” pneumonia in Wuhan, and they learned it from China’s state media. Those who now cry, “China lied” are being disingenuous and deceptive. 
Imagine if all the countries affected by #coronavirus unanimously decide to withdraw all their businesses from China? That would be one hell of a vendetta.
China is a totalitarian regime bent on domination. It has developed biological weapons, like COVID 19 WHO and much of the MSM are their mouthpieces. It is time to expose it all.
"Behind Trump's Failure" No one reported data that the virus was contagious to the extent that it would kill 2 million people in America. China and WHO failed to report the facts in a timely fashion. This is NOT a failure on POTUS. Hold the right people accountable. Stop BS
Remember when that robot and drone in China yelled at people who weren’t staying indoors? We’re almost there!  …
Vivid spring colors seen in Turpan City, northwest China’s Xinjiang 
They needed to take the money from China to stay afloat.
The Democrats are colluding with China. It's prison camp time.
Type A: Mostly found in Americans and Australians. Closest match to bats genome. Type B: Predominant in Wuhan and rest of China. Type C: Predominant in Europe. None found in Chinese study.  …
China wants a Biden presidency due to tariffs and Trade. Biden’s Weak on China!
This is America, not China. What the hell is the Po Po thinking! This act by the state is why we need to vote Republican to keep our guns. I plan to hang on to my AK-47, two Glocks, .38 and Magnum 44 as long as I can
#NY has the highest number of #COVID19 deaths per day (outside #China), but the curve is starting to flatten, now that new #coronavirus cases have flattened. Daily new deaths still remain high in #Spain (Madrid/Catalonia) and #Italy (Lombardy), well AFTER new cases 
The total number of #COVID19 deaths in the US is >20,500, higher than #Spain or #Italy. No one knows how many deaths #China had. Sadly, the *real* death toll is higher: MANY #coronavirus deaths have not been recorded in the US, although #NYC is now recording "suspected" 
Anyone who says the China virus started first in Europe on its way to the US is like someone telling you that your milk came from Whole Foods not the cow. Idiots.
While the number of *new #coronavirus cases per day* appears to be peaking, our cumulative total number of cases has soared past 530,000, exceeding all other nations ( #China is NOT accurate). Plus we are *MASSIVELY undercounting* due to major shortages of #COVID19 
What’s sad is that China isn’t a real country
FFS Frydenberg...protectionism isn’t a dirty word. Our manufacturing capability has been decimated by your  to the free market. No way we can  with sweatshop labour rates of leviathan’s like China & India. Tariffs level playing field #insiders
At the exact same time Event 201 was happening, the 2019 Military World games were taking place, hosting 110 nations and thousands of military members from around the world in none other than ground zero: Wuhan, China.  …
So now the Fake News @nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
America should seize China's U.S.-based assets and remove its sovereign immunity  for the coronavirus, advised China policy expert Steve Mosher. 
Please read the correct translation with context... I’m so tired of this situation My head is going to explode #nnevvy #China 
A McDonald’s in #china is allegedly not permitting black people to dine in their restaurant. This follows weeks of rampant discrimination and racism towards foreigners in the China, particularly towards the  #blacklivesmatter 
We need to get our 2nd , 3rd and 4th batch of weapons out of China as soon as possible. Won't be surprised if China is kicked out of the United Nations, out of the World Trade Organisation, out of WHO and just outrightly isolate China..especially if a world leader dies.
The same day Japan announced it would spend $2.2 billion to get its corporations out of China, Larry Kudlow said the U.S. should “pay the moving costs” of every  that wants out of China.  
Important: The #1 constraint RIGT NOW for bringing in masks for the US air freight slots out of China. There are hundreds of millions of masks (real ones) that passed Chinese customs waiting to catch a flight to the US.
Is Beijing covering up a real death toll of tens of thousands? Surely no one believes China’s figures. How did it not hit Beijing or Shanghai? 
Of course, the media will now call Maher racist for suggesting that China should be blamed for this Pandemic. 
Is each member in DC willing to take in a vet until the China Flu is over? #DC #CongressCares  …
It's rare that @BillMaher makes sense, but even he is tired of the Democrats defending China. In fact, seems like he's tired of a lot of the stuff Democrats are defending. Might it be time for Bill to  …
China is 100% responsible for COVID-19 and Bill Maher is one of the very few media figures willing to admit it  …
So CNN people are dogs now? Can you read the whole story rather than a headline? It says most of the NY cases came from Europe and other parts of US rather than China. Clear now?
dOnT DemONiZe A peAcEFuL cHiNA  …
While the left scrambles to inject identity politics into the China virus media tsunami, one group atop their escritoire of curiosities has been strangely left out: the obese. Yet fats are the only group, says science, actually at greater risk. From me:  …
Must watch - #65 China Is Getting Worse | Laowhy86 and SerpentZA  via @YouTube
china put a clause in the trade deal about if a pandemic happened they would be exempted from buying American products, mere days after signing trade deal they declared a pandemic that's why Beijing authorities hushed up the findings of a Chinese scientist 
I'm not racist. I have Chinese mates. But they are literally why we have 2 tin limits in our supermarkets in NZ. Few years back they were emptying our shelves and sending them back to china. Was disgusting. Mothers were going without everywhere!
Before the #coronavirus emerged, Wuhan, China was known for its tasty, dry noodles. @sharonchenhm takes a look at how food production has been affected after the city's 11-week #Covid19 lockdown was 
So....if China recovered without a vaccine...why are we actively seeking one?
Chinese Communist Party: Why Are They Allowed at White House Briefings? WTF! That's a good question? That needs to stop, and China needs to be held accountable for COVID19 deaths all around the world!  …
Stop this hysteria on vaping products. The science in germany,france and even china showed nicotine users has a lower rate of covid. Ecigs have never did harm. Only took 33 million smokers of cigs since 2007, off tobacco #WeVapeWeVote
Take serious note HONG KONG IS NOT CHINA NEVER WILL
I hate these people. The failing NYT is kissing China's ass. Time to find out how much China is paying the NY Times.
Nigeria saved IPOBians in South Africa and now they're calling on Nigeria to save them in China. Funny that at times like this their president @MaziNnamdiKanu often goes AWOL. If only there's a way Nigeria can save the Igbos there and let Kanu take care of IPOBians for once.
How can we let China get away with this? They have killed American lives....  …
You in the media wanted a recession. You were bragging Trump's booming economy couldn't last. You were right; but it took a pandemic from China for you to get your wish. And as you can see, be careful what you wish for.
We need to learn from China. If we go off lockdown too early we will be back to square one .... and what’s the point of lockdown whist we allow continuous unrestricted flights to UK. Stop them now!  …
Look how the Chinese are treating the Africans in China vs how we treat them in Africa. Folks need to wake up! Xenophobia and racism is WRONG!! China and the CCP need to be held accountable for their BS! And…  …
How much a Chinese life is worth to China #CCP in China?  …
For a long time, think tanks in Washington acted as though “freedom” was all about open borders and shipping jobs to China. Now we’re learning who really cares about the Constitution, and who just uses it in fund-raisers.
The wet markets in China should be abolished. Dr Fauci agrees. The potential catastrophic  from them outweighs any argument to keep them. This is not to say factory farming is wholesome. Two things can be true simultaneously.
This take aged poorly. Just a few days later, Trump limited travel from China and that fixed the problem.  …
China’s rocky and uneven post-coronavirus convalescence points to a long, slow U.S. recovery.  … via @WSJ
Still made in China How to reopen factories after covid-19. 
One thing listening to NIXON IN CHINA drove home to me is that I am not particularly interested in apocalyptic or pandemic art right now but I AM totally down for Major Societal Transition art.
Total of six vessels, including the Chinese aircraft carrier Liaoning and missile destroyers, passed the waters between Okinawa Main Island and Miyako Island at around 4:00 pm on the 11th, leaving the East China Sea and entering the Pacific Ocean. …  …
They are Chinese (from Mainland China) HongKongers Taiwanese Malaysian Chinese Singaporean Chinese Japanese Korean Vietnamese Thai Filipino Indonesian Chinese NOT ALL #ASIAN ARE #CHINESE. We don’t eat bat. We don’t behave the same. We know how to respect.
AUSSIES HAVE HAD ENOUGH! People are starting to fight back against foreign gangs who have been clearing our shelves of essentials to send back to China. This is what happens when the government fails us. Well done, guys. 
You have an excuse for everything. What’s the population of China? 1.3 billion.
Taiwan is not a member of the world health organization however, the Taiwan center for disease control informed the world health organization on Dec. 31th on the issue of new cases of "Atypical" pneumonia in China. See here the history of the alert:  …
Unsurprisingly, Chinese police have now ordered bars and restaurants not to serve people appearing to be of African origin. Meanwhile, the African head of the #WHO praises China for greatness and blames Americans of racism!
This from the lazy ass who has spent the last month lounging around at home in his pyjamas? The fool who left Canada to go on a UN vote-buying junket in Africa, right as the pandemic set in? The simp who shipped our mask stockpile to China in February?  …
I am happy that the world is now getting to know the reality of what’s happening to Africans in Guangzhou. All we want is fair treatment to Africans and all blacks in China without discrimination. #SomeoneTellChina
Trump sold our PPE's to China in January and February!   …
a China girl.. 
The frustration of hearing people defend Trump and blame China is more than I can handle.
My guess is China has hacked Twitter. Some funky shit going on. Anyone else noticing it?
Japan is incentivizing businesses to return from China. Should the United States do the same?
China's actions are driven by its faith that we're all part of the  We must help others, as we are not safe if others are threatened. Our aim is never to be the "leader of the world", because we never believe there should be one. We believe in equality of all. 
Joining @JonScottFNC on Fox News Reports just after 7pmET this evening to discuss confronting China's technology expansion as well as the CCP efforts to exploit the impact of CV19 in the region and beyond. @FoxNews
On China's advice on fighting the pandemic, number one, we must put people's lives and health first. This is the most important thing to do. Number two, we must reject any attempt at taking political advantage of other people's sufferings and enhance international cooperation. 
If you needed more proof that Democrats are trying to make the China virus look much worse than it is just remember @GavinNewsom declared a state of emergency for California after the death of 1 person. Now all ztate's record all deaths as covid-19 deaths! Inflated death toll #'s
The President of the United States said the New York Times was thrown out of China “like dogs.” Mocking them for getting suppressed by an authoritarian regime because he personally doesn’t like their coverage. This is one of his most disgusting tweets about the press. 
Lessons learnt in past few days:- 1. China won the 3rd World War without firing a missile. 2. Europeans are not as educated as they appear. 3. Rich people are in fact less immune than the poor. 4. No priest, poojari, usthad, or astrologers could save any patient. 
China muzzled its Bat Woman: Beijing authorities hushed up the findings of a scientist who unlocked the genetic make-up of the coronavirus within days of the outbreak - which is vital for tests and vaccines 
On 3, resupply: massive global PPE fight on, which involves export controls, Trump using Defense Production Act. Much supply actually made in Hubei. Some China manufacturers quadrupled prices upon factory reopening Hence last week story on UK production  …
Italy gave China PPE to help with coronavirus — then China made them buy it back | Spectator USA  …
You mean the country that's forced a million Uighurs into interment camps? That peaceful China?  …
What was President doing while Democrats were impeaching him...Closing travel to US from China
China is said to be assisting Nigeria in some ways with d solution to #COVIDー19. Same China has kicked Nigerians out of their homes & won't allow hotels take them in. If China can't help Nigerians on their soil, I doubt their sincerity in sending help to about 6k miles away.
China Africa have been good friends. China Africa have a same goal that is  COVID-19. I believe this episode will be resolved soon.
China continues to use Facebook and Twitter to shape coronavirus narratives  … via @getongab
Psychological torment and fear is what Communist China does best.
I would rather pay more money for American goods made by American businesses that invest in American workers than support China, who covered up the virus.
There is nothing controversial or racist about shutting down wet markets or blaming China for not doing so; this has been a universal plea from health organization & publication for over a decade What's the issue? @WHO  … @business   …
By mid-January, there was growing evidence of the virus spreading outside China. China hawks within the administration were pushing to impose a travel ban on China, but ran into initial opposition from President Trump’s economic advisors and public health experts. 
Suspected SARS Virus & Flu Samples Found in Luggage: FBI Report Describes China’s Bio-security Threat  …
I'm not nigerian but on behalf of other africans, would like to thank Mr @femigbaja for setting the record straight with the Ambassasor of China. The blatant racism towards black people in China must stop or be followed with consequences.
Two women, who became part of an estimated 2 million Muslims detained without trial by China’s government over the past three years, speak out. "You were like a zombie in the camp, like someone who had lost their mind," says one of them. WATCH: 
FYI: The article says that people infected in Europe brought it to NYC, not that the virus itself is from Europe. It just means the path was from China, then to Europe, then to New York. You didn't read the article.
If you didn't understand it, just ask someone who does. It is not difficult. Viruses mutate. We can track where they traveled from. The one that arrived on east coast passed through Europe. The one that arrived on west coast appears to  directly from China. Be Better.
WSJ: China Floods Facebook and Twitter with Chinese Virus Disinformation Will Congress hold hearing over this like they did Russia misinformation?  …
Meanwhile, Trump hovered another rail of adderall after the @nytimes reporter that most New York cases came from Europe, not China. They really need to get their conspiracies straight.
I think you’re a little confused Donald, the origins are China but the virus came here through Europe, meaning your ban did zero. Very smart people can prove it with science. Your methods are pulling facts outta thin air.
China isn’t even a real country, it’s a former Soviet Province. And Europe is mad we left them in 1776 and Became the oldest and greatest country ever. Ignore them.
Make In India About 200  seeking to move manufacturing base from China to India: USISPF @narendramodi @desimojito  … via @economictimes
GROWING NUMBER OF U.S. LAWMAKERS BACKING TRUMP TO DEFUND THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION "...numerous U.S. lawmakers are now publicly stating that the  played a role in covering up China’s botched handling of the CCP virus pandemic." 
There’s a direct correlation between the US death toll and the amount of anti-China propaganda US media outlets and intelligence agencies pump out. No matter how many people die, blame it on the foreign boogeyman.  …
The New York Times is as Corrupt as China’s Government
So now the Fake News @nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder where the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad
Doing a vid on Undergrads. Eps are on Youtube BTW Are there any cartoons about students in College? I can't really think of any besides the Teachers in China Il
Thanks, China.  …
ATTENTION GULLIBLE MORONS: Please stop spamming Epoch Times links at me as though you are revealing profound truths about China. It's an obvious propaganda construct from a literal cult that believes Trump was sent by heaven to destroy the Communist Party.  …
There is so much real news to report on and they can't help but report on fake propaganda, it's almost like they are being paid by China to put this crap out
China caused this pandemic, and the WHO lied about it. We must hold them accountable! Trump banned travel from China, it was called a racist for it. Great to have a leader who can actually make DECISIONS!
OANN understands, even more than Fox, that Trump is easily influenced by what he sees on the TV. And OANN is delirious with conspiracies. They push war with China and the idea that liberals are evil conspirators. Even more so than Fox. This battle of media is really dangerous.
Yup, if only China had been straight up.
FUCK CHINA
Dogs don't get thrown out of China, they get eaten.
#nnevvy Well, #China got a very different value on everything, and particularly on politics. Literally everyone in the world: "Fuck our politicians? Meh. We don't care about that either. They suck anyway." Chinese: "THIS IS RACIST!!" 
Shutting down our economy from time to time as a result of wet markets is a small price to pay for Hollywood to sorta have access to China.
So... Brazilian Civilian Police arrested a Gang of Chineses linked to Chinese Mafia and Brazil-China Commerce Chamber who stole 3 Million Reals (600000 USD) in Medical supplies to try resell the Products for Brazilian Hospitals at higher prices Chinese Embassy workers involved
I was in Lowe's the other day and just out of curiosity, I looked at hose attachments. They were all Made in China. The next day I was in Ace Hardware and just for the heck of it I checked the hose attachments there. They were made in USA! #BoycottChineseGoods
Today I was going to buy a Harley ball cap but it was made in China so I didn't buy it. Looked at a nice jacket but it was made in China so I didn't buy it. I did get takeout from a Chinese restaurant because they're Americans like me. Baker China boycott is on.
VIDEO: Nigerian consulate in China distributes food to stranded citizens  … via @thecableng 
Devin Nunes Discusses COVID-19 Economic Impacts, China’s Responsibility and the DOJ Spygate Review….   …
I DIDN'T KNOW HALLMARK CARDS WERE MADE IN CHINA. That's why I don't buy cards at Hallmark anymore, they are Made in China and are more expensive! I buy them at Dollar Tree - 50 cents each and made in USA.
This is very dangerous. It will cause discrimination against Chinese Americans and the distrust of China, the world second most powerful country. Stupid!!! New Trump Ad Suggests a Campaign Strategy Amid Crisis: Xenophobia  …
China Caught in the Act While Covering Up COVID, Deleted Chilling Wuhan News Article on New Cases  …
Of course, calling the new #coronavirus "Chinese virus" is wrong, if it implies that Chinese people must be blamed for it. But is a FACT - and a most crucial one - that it originated from a "wet market" in #Wuhan, #China. The trade & practice behind it MUST be scrutinized.
Trump is right: the rotten World Health Organisation should be reformed or abolished It's run by China.  … via s
The gag an tee hee hee here is that the African continent has less cases than China. Are they doing this to Europeans, too? Because Europe is also ravaged. Why is it always Black people being blamed for shit?
Tesla Giga 3 Shanghai Is Hiring Production Workers Again To Ramp Model 3 Production Capacity $TSLA #Tesla #China  …
Remember all those people dying in #China from #coronavirus a few months ago? The #WHO refused to declare it a pandemic! Why did they “deny” it for so long?  …
For the record, @OANN was claiming that SARS-Cov-2 was created in an American lab before China was clapping back at @realDonaldTrump's "Chinese virus" stuff w/ similar lunacy.   …
Yes. I think that was the prevailing guess among China people at the time. (Trump desperate for a trade deal, and in one of the kissing-up phases of his dealings with Xi.) But just a guess at that point. Very interesting to have this story.
Numerous US lawmakers are echoing the Trump administration in calling to defund the @WHO for its role in covering up #China’s botched handling of the  …
#AptoApril Day 11: Oops! - Whats a bigger or better definition of "Oops" then the classic "Bull in a China Shop" scenario? Maybe this particular bull's backside! 
I say DO IT. Then get in the azzes of  in China. They can move their operations back here or deal with the consequences.  …
HOLDING CHINA & the CCP ACCOUNTABLE!! US Health Workers Sue Beijing for Hoarding Global Medical Supplies  … via @epochtimes
20,000 Americans have died and the president says we’re doing great and the government is blaming China and the Secretary of State says we’re the most amazing country on earth. These people are insane
This is the BLOCKBUSTER in the @nytimes report. Cleaning up the mess from Trump's 2019 mistake (the trade war with China) led to Trump's 2020 mistake (slow start on fighting coronavirus).  …
He is risen! Tonight, in Asia the world-wide celebration of the greatest event in the history of the world begins. #HappyEaster to all our dear friends and family in: #HongKong #Singapore #China #Malasia #Australia #New Zealand #Thailand 
“TAIPEI: Taiwan demanded apology from World Health Organization chief on Thursday after he accused the island's government of leading personal attacks against him and his agency's response to the coronavirus pandemic.” The world is turning on China’s CCP!  …
This is bullshit. This is  China  …
Media critic Trump is the worst Trump. Check that. Worst Trump is the one ignoring the 20,000+ Americans he let die due to his failures to act to stop covid19. China didn't make him ignore threat. China didn't make him not test.
Africa needs to protect its citizens wherever they are in the World. The blatant racism on Africans in #Guangzhou China should be strongly condemned. @CyrilRamaphosa @DrTedros @AUC_MoussaFaki @_AfricanUnion @MBuhari @StateHouseKenya
ICYMI: @JoeBiden claimed President Trump was "slow" on implementing a travel ban on China. Yet Biden originally called the travel ban "hysterical xenophobia" when the ban was first put in place. 
 China like your life depends on it. As it stands, that is literally a true statement not only in the short term, but for the long term existence of the western world as well. Communist Chinese are ruthless, cruel, barbaric, and nasty people. Beware China!!
If anybody gives Iran financial aid for the coronavirus, it should be China.
In solidarity with Africans subjected to racism in China, I'm asking that we hence address Covid-19 as "CHINESE-VIRUS" Don't stop there, let's trend #ChineseVirus
Importantly, this new reporting delivers another hard blow to the Trump campaign's whole campaign narrative (captured in that disgusting new ad) that Biden was soft on China and coronavirus:  …
Farage is right. China is poised to take advantage of the global crisis they created.  …
A @volgadneprgroup Il-76 arrives at @SWFairport from @ANCairport minutes ago carrying medical supplies from China. @JetTipNet @Fiicaan #AvGeek 
 targeted in China virus crackdown "I've been sleeping under the bridge for four days with no food to eat... I cannot buy food anywhere, no shops or restaurants will serve me," said Tony Mathias.  | #VisionUpdates | 
Four years after the impeachment of Dilma, right wing hate groups finally agree that China is the source of Brazil’s problems.  …
As I've said a million times. Trump is "tough on China" only in terms of trade. Don't expect him to go toe-to-toe against on China on anything else. He's a useful ally in that regard, but don't treat him like he's our savior. He won't be.  …
Your guy joes son is a coke head, married his dead brothers wife and they’ve money laudered millions of dollars from China and Ukraine. Great family.
China designed and globally distributed the China flu. China manipulated propaganda media and the WHO to conceal its evil deeds, causing a worse infection globally. This is an act of biological war. Subsequent behavior is a perpetuation of war. Communist China is our enemy.
I will let they uyghurs know, they will be happy to hear how much China has changed their lives. The Tibetans are also similarly thrilled with the ethnic cleansing China has done so well in their territories.
Threat Actor is selling thousands of data from Chinese Banks and more: - 800k lines of Bank of Shanghai customer data - 460K China Industrial Bank credit cards data - 202K Shanghai Financial Management VIP data - 100K Shanghai Pudong Development Bank customer data 
As feds play ‘backup,’ states take unorthodox steps  in cutthroat market for supplies. Individual states say they’re working with China, paying 10x cost, dealing w/nonstop fraudulent  against each other & begging suppliers to help.  …
The difference between the way China treats its whistleblowers & the way the US does - there isn't any. 
There were dramatic scenes at an airport in #China, as U.S. agents hijacked a plane full of lifesaving equipment including 60 million masks, bound for #coronavirus-stricken #France. By: Alan MacLeod Graphics: Mint Press News #EndSanctionsSaveLives 
No but, China does use IP theft and shady financial practices to enslave entire continents  …
Imagine what would the death toll be if an open borders Democrat was the President. Reminder of the day: Every Single Democrat opposed our President's Travel ban from China and Europe. Every! Single! One!
girl.... malaysia, china, japan & south korea have all beefed with thai people in the last 3 months alone i love that for us. we’re truly undraggable bcos we are not loyal to anything but our cuisine & phuket
While  like Disney begin furloughs and pay cuts, employees at overseas studios in Germany, Italy, the U.K. and even China are being kept afloat by governments and employers 
Know what is the same for each country? China's lies.
Michigan residents are you awake now? Your God given Constitutional rights and freedoms are being taken from you! Gov Whitmer is a tyrant who needs to be recalled/removed from office! This is the USA!! NOT Russia or China! Recall her from office! #RecallWhitmer RT
C CHINA O ORIGINATED V VIRUS I IN D DECEMBER 19 2019 
Republicans Demand Communications Between China and World Health Organization 
Just remember Trey Parker and Matt Stone from @SouthPark never backed down to #China even though the rest of #Hollywood did! They never sold out because they always believed in and fought for free speech when the rest of the Hwood and @NBA cowards bowed 
Why are Africans in China in the first place? Walking around being Africans in China. Is it wrong for China to be Chinese? Wrong for Tibet to be Tibetan? For Sweden to be Swedish. For Germany to be German. And for England to be Pakistani? 
...His dramatic journey into ICU - and while he fought for his life, St Thomas's were bombarded with calls from the US and China offering drugs and advice... security concerns over the hospital wifi.. and a lengthy spell at Chequers beckons... with full Cabinet blessing. 
You have forgotten one thing: there are no imports from China.  …
Secretary-General of United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) "Mukhisa Kituyi". China must stop the xenophobic attacks on Africans spreading in its cities. Your msg of international solidarity must start on the streets of Guangzhou 
This lady is a real gem Did she go to dictator training school in China? Over 80K Sign Petition Demanding Recall of Michigan Gov. Whitmer  … via @BreitbartNews
C CHINA O ORIGINATED V VIRUS I IN D DECEMBER 19 2019
Republicans Demand Communications Between China and World Health Organization 
DIanne Feinstein sends a letter to President Requesting he free up $5 BILLION for IRAN who happens to be Partners with CHINA. DEMOCRATS hate the USA  …
If your stocks went down due to China being shut down. Just remember Trump told those businesses to bring their business back to America. I don’t want to  By the way previous administrations SENT business to China
Japan Ditches China In Multi-Billion Dollar Coronavirus Shakeout  …
Iain Duncan Smith has the wankiest zoom background ornamental never read books and my Grandmother's china. 
Somewhere in the East China Sea ... #USSAmerica is operating in the @US7thFleet area of operations to enhance interoperability with allies and partners and serve as a ready response force to defend peace and stability in the Indo-Pacific region. 
Those of us non-Chinese have a duty to help others who have less experience with Asia to keep reminding people of the big difference in character between China nationals and the deeply respectful people of HK, TW, JP, TH, SG, MY, KR
REPUBLICANS: “it’s your fault and nobody else’s if you’re poor” ALSO REPUBLICANS: “everything that I don’t like is the fault of black people, Hispanic people, Muslim people, women, Democrats, China, anyone who has ever publicly opposed Trump and everyone not named Donald Trump”
The earliest detection of Coronavirus COVID-19 in China was Nov 17, 2019, weeks before authorities even acknowledged it. Frankly I believe that COVID was here in the United States VERY, shortly after, sometime in the same year. It’s my opinion, but I believe it.
The past week in the coronavirus outbreak: • Wuhan, China, emerges from 76 days of lockdown. • The virus has been killing African Americans at a disproportionately high rate. • Online grocery services are struggling to meet a massive spike in demand. 
This is the side of China-Africa relations no one is taking care of. Until the chinese in Africa start to suffer from xenophobic violence... which, by the look of things, might happen sooner or later if nothing is done.  …
. @ZerlinaMaxwell, I saw you on @MSNBC with that look of disbelief on your face as Hugh Hewitt blamed China, invoked Yamiche & praised trump to high heaven. I was shouting "Let Zerlina speak" as Rev. Sharpton went  Damn! You hair and makeup is whipped, BTW. Lovely!  …
Chinese Racism flaring up in the open They can't hide it anymore. #racism #China 
China views this war between us as a quiet war and they’re so patient about it, they actually have a plan to win it by 2050. If you think the bio-weapons labs of China aren’t gonna be working overtime after they saw us destroy 40 million jobs from one virus, you’re wrong.  …
Oof—China has now failed on 25 percent of its launch attempts this year. 
#BackToWork Over 98 percent of industrial enterprises above designated size in Qiqihar, Northeast #China's Heilongjiang province, have resumed work and production in the wake of the novel #coronavirus outbreak. 
Yes yes yes. This is the BLOCKBUSTER revelation in the @nytimes story. We are in this mess because Trump needed the trade deal with China to clean up a previous mess he had made!  …
"More people will die from closing the economy." Complete conservative lunacy. The inability to buy useless plastic from China for a few months doesn't cause mass death. If NY had not shut down, they would be experiencing a disaster right now. 
EU reaffirms opposition to China’s interference in @DalaiLama reincarnation issue  … "The EU has consistently indicated that it expects China to respect the Dalai Lama’s succession, in accordance with Tibetan Buddhist standards." - 
Kudlow, the free market capitalist, is pushing the idea. Yes, longer term we are going to see BIG changes. Kudlow: ‘Pay The Moving Costs’ Of American Companies Leaving China  …
 from China like short  from the Dominican Republic” Still don’t even remotely trust this guy but this is leagues better than what MSNBC & CNN are pushing. 
#KnowCovid19 - Fact Check Since the breakout of Novel Coronavirus in Wuhan District, China, over 1 million people have been infected, while 400,089 people made full recovery and 108,771 died from  #COVID19Nigeria #CoronaVirusUpdate 
Dinghui Temple is located in Rugao, Jiangsu Province of China. The temple was built in 591AD during the Sui Dynasty (581 - 619). According to the history record that the Emperor Yangdi held a meeting involving thousands of monks in Yangzhou and decided to build a temple in Rugao. 
So , President Trump is somehow inexplicably responsible for the Coronavirus outbreak in the United States , but each globalist scumbag President before him that sold our Country out to China , is not?
ICYMI: Wet markets are returning to life in Wuhan and other parts of mainland China, where the #coronavirus first emerged. More @business:  #COVIDー19 
30% pay cut for me at our empty hospital with zero China virus patients. Losing over a million a day cause us surgeons can’t do the elective surgeries.  hospitals will not survive this
This is for those crying against the Chinese health care personnel who came alongside the aids from China courtesy of CCEC. It appears the Russians don't know anything too based on parochial thinking.  …
Some liberals seem excessively concerned that criticism of China’s mishandling takes the heat off Trump. This squares the circle: Trump was soft on China when it counted, de-emphasized the outbreak to prioritize a vanity trade deal, and praised Xi as he misled the world.
Abandoned fishing village in Shengsi archipelago, China. 
At least in the northeast, it was found that the majority of cases came from Europe and not China so banning flights from China was little more than racism on par with calling it “the Chinese virus.” Thanks for playing, please try again
Banliang Coin of the Qin Dynasty (221BC - 207BC) in Shanghai Bank Museum. After Emperor Qin Shihuang unified China in 221BC, he adopted many measures to develop economy of the country. The unification of weights, measures, text, and currency were the most important ones. 
Interesting paper about Association of Public Health Interventions With the Epidemiology of the #COVID19 Outbreak in Wuhan, China via JAMA  
@PeterDutton_MP @ScottMorrisonMP @JoshFrydenberg Enough is enough. Cut China off. We do not need them. Plenty of other countries would support our industries. The CCP are greedy, selfish, dishonest people. Make change happen. #ProtectAustralia #AussiesFirst #BoycottChina
CHINA IN THE DOCK - WEEK 3: China exploiting British tech IDS warns over green battery race China muzzled its bat woman More Lab cover up evidence Fresh fears Bejing covering up death toll Huawei NSC did not discuss China virus threat in late Jan 
Many of you who call Europeans racists can now see what racism is in China. Europe will receive you, give you home, food and life. Europe will never chase you out because of a disease, especially a disease that came from them. Una never halla.
My 1yo dog asked me “Hooman, how can I help support our country’s economy while giving a middle finger to China?” Then I gave him this 
In just a few weeks you’ve been told to expect 2 million China Coronavirus deaths, Then 1 million Then 200,000 Then 100,000 Then 90, 000 Now 60,000 But @GretaThunberg KNOWS the world will end in 12 years. Who believes the “expert” predictions any 
China Manufacturing of Most US Medicine and Vitamins Poses Security Threat, Researchers Say  …
Time to relocate high value American manufacturing out of China like Japan plans to do. White House National Economic Council Director Larry Kudlow said US should “pay the moving costs” of every  that wants out of China. We must.  …
Wow! Let’s all blow Bill Maher for telling us that it’s not racist to say that COVID-19 originated in China, while forgetting that this same liberal slimeball wished a recession upon America, to get rid of Trump. 
Unless the CCP can integrate rural-born people and enable them to join the ranks of the middle class, China’s economy is unlikely to maintain the transformative level of growth that has defined the last two decades, writes 
. @IrishTimes: “Allowing China’s oppressive regime to choose the world investigators on freedom of speech, arbitrary detention and enforced disappearances is like making a pyromaniac into the town fire chief,” said Hillel Neuer, director of UN Watch.  …
New Data Shows U.S. Companies Are Definitely Leaving China via  …
Wuyuan, known as the most beautiful countryside in China, with at least 50 old villages, is located northeast of Jiangxi Province, and near Mt Huangshan and Jingdezhen. Wuyuan is home to a few of the well-preserved ancient architecture in the Eastern China. 
China - Coronavirus Cases: 81,953 - Deaths: 3,339 - Recovered: 77,525
Jumping through a ring of fire! Watch how firefighters undergo training in China's Harbin 
Coronavirus is no excuse for the Chinese to racial abuse Africans. There is a limit to everything. The virus originated from their place, so why the Afrophobia? We'll not tolerate the inhumane treatment meted out to Nigerians residing in China. Enough is Enough
Is China lying? 
As Wuhan and other parts of China re-open, Chinese health officials are worried about a possible second wave of coronavirus In recent days, the country has seen a rise in new Covid-19 cases, most of which have been imported from abroad  
The Defachang Restaurant started the business in1935. It is one of the best dumpling houses in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China.The dumpling banquet attracts visitors from home and abroad. One of the highlights is you can participate and learn how to make dumplings by your own. 
KASSAM: Americans Back Trump on China, Demand Corporates ‘Pull Back’ WTF! Of course Americans back Trump! China has been ripping off this County for years! And now they gave us COVID19 and lies! Trump knows how to handle China!  …
So all those videos circulating on social media of Black people being abused and discriminated against in China are not real? So our EYES are lying?  …
Hey trudeau - stop yapping about your grandpop. He is a veteran and your policy is "they ask more than we can give" Dont waste my time ..... In fact, Canada would be better If you shutup - we have hostages in China - go get 'em Brave boy...... 
Quid Pro Jomencia Obiden will literally be handing the keys of the United States of America over to President Xi of China the day following his inauguration (if he’s still alive by then and hasn’t been Killaried) !!!  …
Deaths in the US topped China’s on March 31st.  …
"The narrative manipulation around COVID-19 on China’s official state channels has escalated far beyond spin to outright conspiracy," @noUpside 
Did China create the coronavirus to weaken the West so it could take control of more area? China is using the coronavirus for self gain and also to buy more land and businesses in other countries and I am sure it will try and take control of more of Australia. Will it succeed?
Now my uncle in China is mailing masks to his children in Wisconsin and Montreal because the Chinese government supplied residents with a strong stockpile (and his children, my cousins, in North America are in critical need)
When we normalized trade relations with China in '98, we did not guarantee adequate worker protections. That forced American workers  with sweatshop labor in China. Predictably, manufacturing jobs left. ...and now, we get to play catch up in manufacturing ventilators.
This is going to be telling as the campaign heats up. Mark Kelly’s ties to China explain his reluctance to criticize the cover up.  …
The new Trump ad on Biden and China is awesome. I laid out many Dirty connections between Biden and the Democrats and Red China here  …
“At this point, we have no real explanation for why the coronavirus spread throughout the West, but not throughout China. We should find out.” - Tucker Carlson  #FoxNews
I think the COVID symptom that China fears most is the Inflamed Display Of China's True Nature. Generally  by shouting police and loud denials. Bruises and detention may result.  …
Mark Valencia asks: Who’s the biggest fish thief in South China Sea? But here is another question: Who’s the biggest fish thief in the world? Answer: China See this Global Report (2019):   …
Everyone needs to stop talking about China's response to the pandemic as if it's the only potential future. Even I've forgotten that Taiwan's model of governance is an alternative sinofuturism - one that is far more open. A hacker model of governance designed by a trans woman.
China’s devious move under cover of virus  … via 
An Easter weekend “MAGA Minute” about China’s regime that persecutes Christians. Too many Democratic Party leaders coddle the CCP, including Mike Bloomberg and #BeijingBiden 
“China’s own economy may no longer be in freefall, but it still faces a demand shock as well as more familiar structural headwinds, including over-indebtedness that has so far kept the government’s bridge finance and stimulus programmes restrained”  …
Most of the cases of COVID-19 came from a strain out of Europe, which basically demolishes Trump's claim that he significantly altered the course of the disease with his "swift" action to (partially) shut down travel with China. It's like a skit about an old horror trope. 1/n
3. Wet markers should be banned 4. Cultural practices should be challenged & criticized (and banned when dangerous) 5. Names are powerful, esp in the hands of a racist president. Virus already had 2 official names (Coronavirus, Covid-19) before Trump called it “the China virus.”
There are parts of the media that are doing a very good job during this pandemic - and there are others that are utterly abject Still, at least the Mail on Sunday has taken the week off from calling for nuclear war on China from its front page
Lockdown lifted in Wuhan, China. Looks like they've successfully beaten the #coronavirus on their own, WITHOUT a vaccine. So, why again is our media saying lockdown/restrictions may not be lifted until a #COVID19 vaccine  available?  …
How humiliating for China Joe.  …
Lit some candles for our friends in New York, the wider US, Italy, Spain, China, Germany, France, Britain and everywhere that people have lost loved ones to this horrible illness. 
Anytime I see a trend like "Behind Trump's Failure" I know before looking that it's started my a leftist. If Trump had reacted sooner they would say he was overreacting. Stopping travel from China when he did they called him xenophobe. Damned if he does. Damned if he doesn't.
The media seems to never be on his side. Justin was one of the first celebrities to donate money to China (200,000 yuan) back in February when the coronavirus pandemic started getting bad.
Coronavirus stated from China as a virus, went to Italy as a pandemic and came to Nigeria as a business
Am I surprised that the same people who constantly preach about animals rights and promote veganism, are now saying it’s “racist” to call-out #China on their illegal wildlife trade and selling in wet markets? No. No I’m not.
Fascinating subplot in the NYT’s account of Trump’s coronavirus strategy is that they went soft on China in order to get a trade deal done that was supposed to make their toughness on China look successful.  
Most coronavirus deaths. US: 20,455 Italy: 19,468 Spain: 16,480 France: 13,832 UK: 9,875 Iran: 4,357 Belgium: 3,346 China: 3,339 Germany: 2,736 Netherlands: 2,643 Brazil: 1,124 Turkey: 1,101 Switzerland: 1,036 Sweden: 887 Canada: 648 Portugal: 470 Austria: 337 World: 108,330
The US left has largely remained silent or even endorsed the increased US aggression on China and it must stop. US aggression on China means more bases, weapons, and forces in Asia & the Pacific, causing not only devastating harm to China but also to the peoples in these regions.
Some facts about Trump & N95 masks: - Trump allowed 35-50 million N95 masks to be shipped to China in January & February - while he told America the coronavirus was a hoax and for people to ignore it - he did nothing to prepare - then he blamed Obama for not enough N95 masks
“The World Health Organisation is to launch an appeal for more than $US1 billion [$1.5 billion] to fund operations against coronavirus pandemic.” ...same week US President Trump accused them of bias towards China?? Their arrogance is unbelievable!  …
Ted Cruz praises Bill Maher for 'rant' about coronavirus originating in China | Fox News  …
It wasn't just Bernie's camp, all the Democrats treated Joe Biden like a porcelain doll. They could have dragged him on any number of things like his history of being a segregationist. They chose not to. We shall not be so kind to the China puppet in the general.  …
Chinese are reportedly denying Africans emergency health services, refusing to ride the bus with Africans. Africans are not allowed to checkin to hotels or shop at supermarkets in Southern China. Evictions without reason, other than racism.  …
"not even the first time a virus originated in china" gee it's almost like China has a uniquely large and dense population living in close proximity to livestock, which is perfect conditions for a virus to cross species, not some kind of conspiracy or reflection of poor morals???
We have received the first shipment of some medical equipment sourced from Ireland, USA & the People’s Republic of China. The items includes N95 masks, gloves, gowns, etc ICU Beds, Infrared thermometers (1/2) 
Trump Admin  Revoking China  Rights To US-Based Services, FCC Agrees to Review  …
"When China engages Africa it's the central government that does that, but when  to immigration enforcement that happens at the local level."  …
Have you Black People seen any Asians speak out about what is happening to Black people in China? Anyone? Even 1?
Los Angeles smog has lifted, water in Venice’s canals has cleared and China’s factory emissions have fallen so dramatically the change can be seen from space 
Following numerous reports of Africans, including Ugandans, being mistreated in China, Foreign Affairs Minister Sam Kutesa has met the Chinese Ambassador to Uganda to raise governments concerns over the reports #NTVNews  
We all have a duty to challenge the US escalation of war & aggression on China, not only because of the harm to China but also because US aggression on China means greater US militarization of S Korea, Hawaii, Guam, Thailand, India, and all US bases throughout Asia & the Pacific.
It’s almost like maybe we should have someone in China working to identify these things. Like we did until 2018.
After enduring months of lockdown, Africans in China are being targeted and evicted from apartments 
If Feinstein wants something, we should immediately do the opposite. Her and her anti-American pals celebrated a sham impeachment, a Russian collusion hoax, praise China, and love Iran. She's just listening to her masters- Soros, etc. #WakeUpAmerica  …
What do you say to this institutionalised racism? This happened to a Zimbabwean yesterday in China. 
Lets get retweeted over and over again! Remember if Hillary and Nancy had been in charge right now USA would be under the boot of Communist China and millions of people would have died of this virus  …
It is what it is ... Wuhan-China virus Not some posh names 
China's is in the millions. They're just lying about it.  …
To late ! Our corrupt politicians already sold us out to China. Why do you think we were attacked by Bio warfare? THE WORLD NEVER EXPECTED DONALD TRUMP!  …
Just this past month, the US has: ▪︎tested a nuclear missile in Hawaii ▪︎requested a $20 bn military funding increase to further militarize the Pacific ▪︎moved more military to Guam The US war on China means increased US militarization of the Pacific, SE Asia & East Asia. 
China lied, the World Health Organization light, but this is all Trump’s fault of course. So boring.  …
Navarro was among the people who tried reaching the president. Knives are often out for Navarro, whose anti-China  into many conversations >  …
@SenFeinstein is in bed with Iran just like she is with China. She is a traitor and an enemy of the state.
Bill Maher is right. There are three main lessons from the #ChinaVirus: 1. #ImmigrationMoratorium 2. Bring back our manufacturing from China and put America to work 3. Stop letting the word "racist" dictate debates  …
Bill  about China’s role in the spread of viruses like COVID-19 is smart and popular. Hopefully we can keep that same adoration for sensible cause and effect arguments when  to climate change and gun violence...
Joe Biden's in China 2011 . People are awaken to the fact that our Medical Supplies Pharmaceuticals and other Businesses are in the hands of China. * Biden as Senator encouraged U.S. Businesses to go to China -taking U.S. jobs away ! *China wanted more Visas and got them . . 
"We should blame China. Not Chinese-Americans, but we can't stop telling the truth because racists get the wrong idea. There's always going to be idiots out there who want to indulge their prejudices, but this is an emergency" (Read the WHOLE article) 
The US, I believe, will emerge from the #coronavirus epidemic in a relatively stronger position in the international system. For one thing, we will drastically lessen our dependence on #China. Moreover, others will see how malign Beijing really is.  …
This on power reconfigurations in China amid global supply chains disruption and systemic decoupling between China and USA. These processes were already happening, and the Covid-19 plays the role of accelerator. #G2 #Velsig @BaldingsWorld @EmmaMuhleman1 @Jkylebass  …
Are you nuts? Canada has no testing or healthcare for the general public. If you catch th #ChinaVirus you die at home. Also, Canada's corrupt government never stopped importing infections directly from China and calls it a conspiracy theory to question Chinese infection stats. 
Francois, I agree. The virus came from China, spread to Europe, North America, and all over the world. The ANC government is in bed with the Chinese and they are looking to China for a bail out. That’s not to happen. China does not have the money to stimulate their economy.  …
Dont worry folks, the day is saved!! The first shipment of high quality medical PPE has just arrived in France from the Communist Regime of China. #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronarovirus  …
Report says  are LEAVING CHINA en masse! The CoronaVirus is speeding up that change at a much faster rate now.  …
Labeling it China virus or Wuhan virus or whatever would be fine if: 1) so many people didn't interpret it as a racist dog whistle, 2) clash of civilizations thinking wasn't already present in the situation, and 3) the labeling wasn't a deliberate attempt to antagonize China  …
Sehun trending on Weibo with 5.6 million posts and 2.3 billion views in under 2 hours of his birthday. King of China #GoldenSehunDay #봄바람같은_세훈아_생일축하해 #HappySEHUNday  …
African Presidents have no balls to question China about racism shown to blacks in China. President Trump can do it,he is fearless.
The world’s largest aircraft An-225 has arrived in Kazakhstan tonight, on its way to China to be loaded with medical supplies  …
New Video! Please Share Far Left Weirdo's Have CANCELLED Bill Maher Again! This Time It's For Stating That *Checks Notes... Covid-19 Came From CHINA! What A Monstrous Racist... Wait A Minute... It's True.... 100% Clowns Watch & Share!  
Report says  are leaving China en masse — and the coronavirus is speeding up that change 
#China sends virologists & aid to #Russia ahead of its #COVID2019 peak  
Cotton would kill us all. The bill proposed by (yes) Rubio and others contains measures with regard to China that are at least 20 if not 30 years too late. To act as Cotton wishes would mean war. As I wrote some weeks ago, the essential question is what American power means now.  …
Astonishing inside story of how Boris Johnson was close to death on Monday in his battle against Covid-19... as the United States and China conducted an international PR war through the switchboard of St Thomas's Hospital... only in the Mail on Sunday. #BuyAPaper
Replace 'China virus' with 'radical Islam' and it's the exact same dumb argument he's been making since I can remember.  …
. GLOBALISM WATCH - DR. SHIVA DETAILS the CHINA / GLOBALIST / BIG PHARMA PLAN - I'd seen this passed around - Dr. Shiva connects a LOT of Dots that ADD UP - especially if you have pre-knowledge of the Players . You have TIME - Watch This in Full...  …
 … Will the last  to leave #China please turn out the lights on the country that caused the #ChineseWuhanVirus. #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied
Leftist mega-liar Zuckerberg is siding w leftist mega-liar China to try to blame USA for Wuhan corona virus. Now tell me how the Left is not the enemy of the USA.
“Black smoke has been seen billowing from #China’s first assault carrier in #Shanghai. The new Type-075 carrier, which is similar to the @USNavy’s #America Class assault carriers, is designed to carry helicopters and hovercraft to support amphibious landings.”  …
Hong Kong stand with all country, except CCP China #chinazi #WuhanVirus Thailand Taiwan #nnevvy Fuck the CCP fuck the China 
China reported multiple times about the reinfections/reactivations. Multiple countries report the same. I’ve reported this since Jan: “14% of virus patients discharged in China's Guangdong re-test positive”   …
I ordered toilet paper on Amazon. They shipped it from China and it’s teeny tiny. So I guess normal sized toilet paper from the US is 
Trump Admin Moves to Revoke China’s Authority to Provide Telecom Service in U.S.  …
World Health Org Ignored Early Warning Over Human-to-Human Coronavirus Transmission to Appease China  …
KASSAM: Americans Back Trump on China, Demand Corporates ‘Pull Back’  …
Because while people around the world may have serious worries about China, they're looking at the clown show we've currently got going on and they are not impressed.
Kudlow: ‘Pay The Moving Costs’ Of American Companies Leaving China  …
Seriously ROFL. Just today he got kits delivered from China to help the people here. Offering online tools, vol's working for rural public at grass root level and he reaching out online to motivate the world. All you got is this shit to cash on his fame. #jokeisonyou #growup
The USA needs to get China OUT of our lives and OUT of OUR Country. China is BUYING OUR Companies and Our Businesses WHILE KILLING US. UR GOVERNMENT SHOULD VOID ALL SALES
Blaming the WHO and China Is Not Scapegoating Without China’s deceit and WHO’s solicitude for Beijing, the outbreak might have been more limited, and the world at the very least would have had more time to react to the virus.  …
Whenever the Mexican Government Doesn't do what the CIA and Trump/Obama wants Drug cartels that are funded by American Tax payers , are used as attack dogs by The power that be TO GET THE MEXICAN GOVERNMENT TO COMPLY WITH AMERICAN INTERESTS And as a Buffer against CHINA
The 1917/1918 'Spanish Flu' - Trump refers to it a lot More like Chinese Flu as it originated in China And guess who Died from the Chinese Flu? Trump's Grandfather, Frederick Trump! Did he die from the virus or targeted [187] I wonder  …
Before China 'succeeds' in making the world 'think' that #COVIDー19 is from Africa, it is important that we refresh our minds that #coronavirus is a Chinese virus that originated from China and not Africa.
Are Western Corporations Knowingly Profiting from China's Uyghur Organ Harvesting? – Byline Times  …
"literally at the time that President Trump set up the White House coronavirus task force in January and suspended all travel from China, just days before that the WHO was CONTINUING to DIMINISH THE THREAT of the coronavirus and its impact in China.” -VPPence #DefundWHO
Netherlands  latest country to reject China-made coronavirus test kits, gear  #FoxNews
China Kicking All Africans Out... Wheres MSM on this One? Nowhere to be found as usual.  …
WOW! LOOK HOW EASY THAT WAS! CHINA effectively almost took over the world with biological warfare! And there is no retaliation!Then in so many states we have given up our constitutional rights & Dem Governors have  despots in just 3 wks. No church?REMEMBER HOLOCAUST! 
Airbus France Flight Test Operations, Toulouse, has also operated several flights to China to pick up >10mill masks of which >2mill were delivered to the NHS. All costs borne by Airbus Corporate Entity, no mention in the U.K. press
Australia? Looks more like Hong Kong or China. It is a joke when someone sitting alone, reading a book in a park, is fined but this is allowed to happen.  …
It looks like China is being hit by a second wave. They are blaming it on black Africans and expelling them en masse.
New Video! Please Share Far Left Weirdo's Have CANCELLED Bill Maher Again! This Time It's For Stating That *Checks Notes... Covid-19 Came From CHINA! What A Monstrous Racist... Wait A Minute... It's True.... 100% Clowns Watch & Share!  
BUSTED: Communist China weaponizing far-Left Facebook and Twitter platforms for Chinese Virus disinformation. 
Wow after blaming US, Italy & Germany. Now CCP is blaming Africa. African countries should tell the chinazi’s gov the debts they owe them is now paid for by China spreading this virus killing many  …
Agree, Joel. The fatality data for patients who have gone onto mechanical ventilation that  thus far: UK 67%, NY > 80% (unpublished), China 2-series: 86 and 97%, Italy ~70% Have you seen any other data?
Only Possible if you will be able to isolate China from rest of the world.
Medical clothing sent from China has just arrived in France. #COVID19 :(Rpst: Ian miles 
The  thing the US can do to improve our position relative to China - politically, economically, culturally - is to get our own shit together.
The same WHO who assured usthat there was no evidence for human to human transmission of the coronavirus? The same WHO  China's containment efforts while condemning our travel restrictions as detrimental and discriminatory? That WHO?  …
Perfect @billmaher Zika from the Zika Forest Ebola from the Ebola River Hantavirus from the Hantan River West Nile Virus Guinea Worm Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever Spanish Flu MERS: Middle East Respiratory Syndrome German Measles What's wrong w/ calling COVID-19 the China Virus?  …
Taiwan is a first Asian country who legalized same sex marriage. China banned any television show and film depicting "unnormal sexual relationships", including homosexuality. ................ For me, the choice is simple #nnevvy 
The world is rightly concerned with racism against Chinese, because of #COVID19 but in China racism against "black is the norm".
The right needs to correlate their coronavirus narrative. Is it a hoax? An exaggeration? The flu?? A national emergency? Or state's responsibility? China's fault? CDC? WHO? Obama? Dems? Perfect response or distracted? Plenty PPE? Or did nurses steal it? Get your lies straight.
Withdrawal pangs for both US and China from trade disruption will be intense. It will be easier for China as they can turn inward, sell domestically, lean on Belt and Road. But on the US side, building is harder than buying. Could be real shortages and a generational rebuild.  …
Say it how it is.This Virus came from China, the blame lies at their door, it either came from their disgusting wet markets or their laboratories, this is China’s fault they should be held accountable. Why the hell aren’t world governments holding them to account ?
BUSTED: Communist China weaponizing far-Left Facebook and Twitter platforms for Chinese Virus disinformation. 
For thousands of years, a parasite with no name lived happily among horseshoe bats in southern China. Then it found a new species: ours. 
I don't know about you but this Wuhan China COVID-19 Chinese Coronavirus situation has me really pissed off. Especially after I thought about it side-by-side with 9/11. Follow my emotion here folks. The Wuhan China COVID-19 Chinese Coronavirus will change our lives ... (more)
Why is China doing all of these????????  …
To be clear, the spread of COVID-19 was no reflection on the Chinese people -- it was China's dictators who were responsible. Its people were the victims of their government's initial lies about COVID-19 as we all were. It also had nothing to do with Cdns of Chinese origin.
NY Times keeps running these dumb stories - no mention of Dr. Fauci on 1/21/20 saying the virus was ‘nothing to worry about’ or CNN/MSNBC doing the same, NY Times saying visiting China was safe, N.Y. officials telling people on 3/2 to go to the movies and Chinatown. 
New policy guidelines appear to indicate that China is cracking down on publication of academic research about COVID-19 origins, in what is likely part of a wider attempt to control the narrative surrounding the pandemic.  …
FACTS 1. Trump and the DC GOP KNEW before WE DID a. they sold their stock b. they sold ventilators to China for 60 million 2. CV "Miracle" Drug Bill Barr went on FOX to promote? a. Is a TRUMP INVESTMENT b. Is NOT a CV Cure 
These deaths were not inevitable. They are the direct result of the Trump administration ignoring the advice of heath experts and wasting precious time steeped in denial and waging propaganda wars against China. Remember in November.  …
Long food lines, empty grocery store shelves, massive job loss, hospitals overrun, is not even close to what socialism would bring to our country. This is what you will get if you elect Biden. He will pass the green new deal, open the borders, and sell us out to china.
Video No 12 Uighur activist Fatimah Seyyah shared her views on Chinese pandemi & it’s impact, source and threat to people around the world. #COVID #China #TaiwanCanHelp #hongkong #tibet #Uighur #india #japan #USA #Americans #HumanRightsViolations #wuhan #Biden #italy 
Sadly someone in France then decided to send supplies to China (I’m not joking). They believed what the WHO told them (don’t worry!). Stuff sent by China to France now is defective (I’ve seen video footage of gowns actually breaking up as they were being worn)...
Putting up a new banner for the release of my audio book. One chapter explains how U.S. Healthcare got dependent on China--We should NEVER again be shopping in China for medical supplies in a crisis! Took 20 hrs to record this thing! Hope you like it :)  …
#ThingsAmazonWontDeliver All the MAGA hats made in China. 
Another lesson from #Covid19: The world is safer with American power than China.
Could @RosieBarton be anymore of a blatant shill? She is not better than a broadcaster in China. What a scum Canadian.  …
Once all resolved we must stop relying on China and increase manufacturing in the UK.
DeepState, Dems & China colluded to manufacture this virus in a lab as ANOTHER attempt to take down Trump—trying to ruin our economy & take INNOCENT lives—ALL in the name of $& POWER Dems have blood on their hands & they ALL belong in GITMO! #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica #KAG
*China is lying.  …
"Skylar" #Ambient #DeepHouse by @HunterFoxzAC #NowStreaming On #Spotify  Go On Take a #Listen #LGTWO #rtArtBoost #MuseBoost #Germany #Poland #HongKong #Malaysia #China #USA #France #India #Russia @music_legion @BlackettMusic #housepartylockdown #rt
BUSTED: Communist China weaponizing far-Left Facebook and Twitter platforms for Chinese Virus disinformation  …
The shipments, brought by the  center led by Mossad Dir. Cohen, include 2.5 tons of anesthetics from Italy, 2.4m pills of chloroquine, an experimental anti-coronavirus drug, and millions of protective  including masks & coveralls from China
US berates China over inhuman treatment of Nigerians in Guangzhou  
The way to bring China to account is to diminish them ... to diminish them we have to work very hard to source our manufacturing outside China  …
Bill Maher on why it’s the China virus regardless of whose feelings are hurt. 
Yikes. The whole ICU has virus present. We need to be suiting up and staying in PPE for our whole shift and/or structuring the shifts like they did in China.  …
“Japan’s decision to  source elsewhere, a timely and expensive endeavour after multinational corporations that have made China their go-to manufacturing hub for  at a time when  are leaving, too...”  …
China has begun spreading #fakenews to shape the narrative of #WuhanCoronaVirus pandemic. #ccp aided by #msm #EnemyOfThePeople has been allowed by Twitter and Facebook to flood posts disparaging US efforts, as well as posting misinformation #ChineseVirus  …
I think its time the western world take those people serious. They(china) dont joke when they’re attacking the West but it seems the other side is always lenient when  to returning the favor.. that should stop now
I am telling you what the Zionist Bankers plan....they have their eyes on China. Its their nature....they are leeches who need a global power to protect their crimes... A very strong pro-Israel lobby exist in China too. Rothchild was already in China in 50s....long investment.
If you are mad at Trump and not China you are a useless twat. We should all be enraged.
#nnevvy More and more stuffs will be ban by ChinaI just like 8964 Btw China Wuhan Virus more important is that Taiwan is Taiwan not a part of China Little Pink are crying in their room just because they dun have any freedom and enough human rights,fucking sad 
Move to China you cowardly, authoritarian POS.
What’s happening to Africans in China is very disturbing. Chinese Govt must act quickly &decisively to stop xenophobic attacks. Root causes must also be addressed in the longer run. Africa should avoid reprisal attacks. 2 wrongs don’t make a right! @ChinaAmbUganda @MFA_China  …
Every time Trump brags about closing flights from China (which he didn’t really do) let’s remind him that the majority of New York’s cases came from Europe. In mid-February. Not that Trump will let facts and data get in the way of his propaganda & self congratulations 
Taxiing in Almaty earlier this evening, stopover on its route to China to pick-up medical supplies: @AntonovCompany An-225 Mriya (UR-82060). Video: Alexey Litvinov via  @AirlinesAntonov 
"China's days as the go-to manufacturing hub for the Western world are over," @BRICBreaker wrote in @Forbes earlier this week:  … #globalization #ChinaCoronaVirus #manufacturing #China
UN in big financial trouble. Running out of money. Well, deal with it then. Ask China to cover your entire budget.  …
China clamping down on coronavirus research, deleted pages suggest  …
Thanks @iamritu Another study out of China, pt with milder illness(Not intubated) ~ 25% of pts with DVT ~ correlation-> age, lymphocyte & APTT ~ The strongest correlation with D-dimer! D-Dimer >1.5 µg/mL able to predict DVT (sen 85%, spec 89%)   
Justin Bieber was one of the first celebrities to donate money way back when this was bad in China, he has been sharing church services on Instagram live & talking to everyday people to promote we can still connect. @iHeartRadio @FoxNews y’all are disgusting.
This is normal. The Muslim #Uighurs know this, the #Tibetans know this, the  Christians and Falun Gong people know this. And now Africans in China, subjected to pogroms.  …
Good bye US....it's game over it seems...! Zionist Bankers always latch on to the emerging global power. They control the money supply. It was Britain 300 years ago. Then US in early 20th century. Now it's China in the 21st... US will be given a painful death & no funeral... 
Kenyans residing in Guangzhou city, China forced to undergo 14-days quarantine  
#China is censoring #coronavirus scientific research:  . So do ya think there's something especially nasty Beijing does not want us to know?
What’s with China and black people though?  …
Forget name. It is “the Chinese Virus.” All viruses named after place they started. more importantly, China did this to us. Either on purpose, or coverup of mistake. They owe us trillions. Trust me, biggest mistake in world history. USA always gets revenge  …
It was the ideological overconfidence of the United States and victory in the cold war (post 1991) which prolonged the erroneous assumption that America's place in the world and values were a finality of history, therefore China's evolution was simply inevitable.
China must pay a heavy price. All options should be on table.  operating in China need to relocate immediately or they are with the enemy. We must destroy them now. No other option.
China's opening up and acceptance post 1978 was only ever conditional on behalf of the U.S that it would evolve into a country which reflected their vision. Today is the realization that didn't happen. Good ties with Beijing were never based on a truly equal partnership.
But don't you think Taiwanese people don't like to  saying that they are part of China too?
India has been transparent, unlike country with largest population, China. India has kept the numbers low, unlike world’s oldest democracy, America. So obviously India is doing something wrong.  …
About time and for those about to scream racism. Do watch how you’ll be treated in China: 
Listen to star pianist @YujaWang playing John Adams’ “China Gates”, now on Apple Music’s “Classical Concentration” playlist:  
While 'Made in China' products always spark controversies with flaws & frauds, 'Made in Thailand' is like an accredited certification of quality. (Especially we have the conscientious department store Abouthai in Hong Kong!) #nnevvy #AnywherebutChina 
If he didn't think it was serious - why did he give (probably sold) all the equipment to China? I feel we are denying the past generations of Americans by allowing trump and the enablers to remain.  …
‘We can’t even have a pandemic without politics’ Bill Maher Rarely do I agree with Bill Maher. He’s right, it’s the China Virus (Period) ‘We Should Blame China’: Bill Maher Unloads On People Tip-Toeing Around Coronavirus Origins - The Daily Caller  …
Western philosophy: the economy is more important than human life.Racial discrimination is more important than human life.Slander is more important than human life.The us government is  so blame China.
I get invited to a single biotech conference on algae that takes place in China...every year for the past seven. I have no idea why. I don't attend. But I am an invited...panelist or something? It's weird. So yeah...
Days of smooth sailing are over for the tyrant #CCP. Since the Clintons helped #China enter #WTO in 2001, it has grown to the monster it is today. 2020 their biggest mistake of unleashing #WuhanVirus to invade the world, hopefully will lead to the fall of this evil regime. 
When I enlisted in the USAF back in the 70s it was WELL KNOWN that “Communist China” CCP was our enemy They had spies everywhere! Their partner was  Soviet Union Russia who in our gov’t allowed control of our Medical SUPPLY CHAIN for our military to go2 OUR ENEMY? 
CHINA MUST PAY CHINA MUST BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE CHINA MUST BE HELD RESPONSIBLE CHINA MUST PAY RESTITUTION CHINA MUST COMPENSATE FOR ALL LIVES LOST U.S. MUST SEIZE ALL CHINESE PROPERTY  …
I find it extremely relevant that China has over a BILLION more people but our death toll is SIX TIMES higher. By the way, the utter lack  and seriousness from Trump and you Republicans has resulted in the deaths of 226 Texans so far. Have you no decency?
Many #coronavirus "conspiracy theories" are wacky. A few theories, thought to be conspiratorial 10 days ago, are now considered to be possibly true or even probable. #China is hiding a lot, and that's not a good sign. @Lyndonx  …
Another gift from China!  …
Sick of hearing democrats (AND CONSERVATIVES!) saying, “we shouldn’t call #COVID19 the “China Virus” b/c its disrespectful” Since when has it  “disrespectful” to call a virus by the name of which it originated from? ...Since dems declared facts ““racist””?! PC is cancer!
Only a Leftist  back with this stupid response. No moron, I want the American lives back that China stole from us. But since that’s an impossibility, well need to keep our money here. Like I said, Fuk China.
FUCK CHINA  …
third, meixuan aren't stuck in china, aren't in prison in china, they're literally queens. + we already said, non chaofens/non ujungs have no right to use meixuan as an argument. that simple.
"We've been informed that from now on black people aren't allow to enter the restaurant. For the sake of your health consciously notify the police for medical isolation." - McDonald's restaurant in China. Where is the AU? #WeekendWithBetty #COVID19KE #SilentWaveKE 
China is now blaming Africa for spreading the #WuhanVirus & forcing those from Africa in China into the streets. The CCP blamed #SouthKorea, then #Italy, then the #USA, then others, & now #Africa. No wonder it wanted to change the name & used the WHO to do it, citing  …
This is part of China's insidious bio-warfare, they want to push these people out so they  refugees,then Europe & the U.S. would take them in. Thus extending the longevity of the pandemic & causing more damage to all our economies.
Ya mama look like china anne mcclain  …
"The narrative manipulation around COVID-19 on China’s official state channels has escalated far beyond spin to outright conspiracy," @noUpside  …
Dear MAGA, Did Italy lie too? Because no matter what China lied about, we should have learned from Italy and prevented Trump’s embarrassingly catastrophic response to containing the pandemic, right? RIGHT! Thanks! TS
I wish i could stop using China products but most of daily stuff were made in China // cry in 97 languages// 
TO ALL THE SUBURBANITES WHO VOTED FOR THIS STALINIST BECAUSE THEY THOUGHT HE WAS MODERATE, THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A MODERATE DEM, SEE ALINSKY RULES. NOW YOU ARE LOSING BUSINESSES AND JOBS BECAUSE DEMS WANT SOCIALISM BY CHINA VIRUS.
BIG TROUBLE IN LITTLE CHINA (1986) Cinematography by Dean Cundey Directed by John Carpenter Explore more shots in our database:  
“Yanqing Ye, a 29-year-old Chinese national, was charged with visa fraud, making false statements, conspiracy and being an unregistered agent ... Yanqing is accused of accessing US military websites and sending US documents and information to China”
China went from blaming America to blaming Africa for the Wuhan Virus. I remember those of you that expected Trump to fold his hands and let them blame America. See what they are doing to Africans now. Shey you see.
Yasmeen Wilkerson wearing RUNWAY SPRING 2020 MARC JACOBS for Harper's Bazaar China Photographed by Shxpir, styled by Aeri Yun 
China is already reporting a resurgence of cases now that they have lifted their stay-at-home ban. Let that sink in. Go out too soon and get sick. It's as simple as that.
The night shift: Antonov’s #An225 has arrived in Almaty. From here it will depart to China to be loaded with medical supplies, then back to Europe (WAW). Photos: Alexey Litvinov.  
Trump Admin Moves to Revoke China’s Authority to Provide Telecom Service in U.S. 
A consequence of Trump’s trade war was a significant reduction of US imports of medical equipment from China. After Trump’s 15% tariffs went into effect in September 2019, US imports of of Chinese products declined sharply & fell through February 2020.  
LIVE IN CHINA LOL #EurovisionAgain
Canada didn’t stop in April. It was stopped before. Trump did not stop ALL flights from China. Flights are still going in. Better check just HOW many flights from other countries incl. China are going into the US up to today.
Think about the shift away from the United States to China by this movement in the past 30 years. At what point did the cost outweigh the benefit once they had seen the American upper middle class reach the intersectional apex of the cost benefit analysis? Slow erosion after.
Trump’s fluff claim that he shut down flights from China after the coronavirus surfaced was the equivalent of ...using a screen door on a submarine. 430,000 people flew from China to the United States during his supposed lockdown from China. 
China’s gaming of international institutions is neither a response to America nor a reflection of its own autocratic impulses. It’s simply what authoritarian regimes do 
Virus knows no border, neither does love. Today, the 2nd batch of China’s donation of medical supplies arrived in #Cyprus. Next week: 3rd batch of China’s donation, including coveralls, masks and test kits. Full details in our press release Link:  
China has Africa under her feet, blame African leaders that sold the soul of Mother Africa for a pot of soup.
Finally FBI arrested a professor from Boston university who was in connection with Chinese university and research lab in Wuhan, and was highly paid by China.......Now it is very close to clear that corona virus is a Bio Attack planned and conducted by China. Rt! 
Mosques in #China used to store hay for animals. 
China has a full court press on disinformation and deflecting its responsibly for the virus. Don’t be fooled. Twitter will delay this tweet because China is a major market. Truth from the WSJ.  …
Thank you for supporting Taiwan and HK. Chinese always think we are a part of China but actually we are apart from China!
WSJ: China Floods Facebook and Twitter with Chinese Virus Disinformation  …
UK death rates continue to rise above Germany, China & S.Korea as they adopted early lockdown and rigorous testing & tracing to isolate and stop coronavirus. Instead Priti Patel says UK priority “to slow the spread of coronavirus so that fewer people are sick at any one time” !! 
Who says we’re paying it back, slow Joe? They broke the deal when they unleashed Wuhan virus on us. FUK CHINA.
From @elilake: “China’s Participation in the WHO Comes at a Price”  …
Taiwan use to be Permanent members of UNSC until 1971 because Fucking China Gov. stole thier right.  …
a quick glance at their blog shows they also support calling COVID-19 “wuhan virus/china virus” so maybe consider if you really want to keep following an unrepentant racist just because they sometimes draw sonic the hedgehog  …
Imagine, if China and its allies had their military ships with guided missiles constantly hanging in the Straits of Florida (International waters!) You know,.. to  to a free and open Caribbean! MSM: “Sino-Russian aggression!” 
This not only #FakeNews ... It's absolute #BS The Only "playbook" handed to President @realDonaldTrump was a wrecked military, trade disaster after trade disaster, & a world on the verge of being run by China & Islam.  …
Ghana summons China's Ambassador to Ghana over the inhumane treatment of Africans in China.
China is the most racist country in the world, they hate Arabs, black people, europeans and even other Chinese But of course people, especially feminists  will not talk about this, of course they will not, it's not Italy or Spain or Germany or the US  …
#France also suffered from #China's newly unpacked inferior isolation suits, which were not only short but even broken. 
China CCP influenced the WHO to change what was widely called #WuhanVirus #ChinaPneumonia to #COVID19 claiming racism. But look what's happening in China now--they're falsely accusing the #coronavirus came from Africa, & are threatening this Nigerian  …
How China Built a Twitter Propaganda Machine Then Let It Loose on Coronavirus  …
As Russia, China, North Korea, India and Pakistan expand their nuclear weapons capabilities and means of delivery, the emerging strategic situational awareness (SA) environment grows  Read the new @csisponi and @ucb_npwg analysis:  
Very sad there won't be a coronavirus episode of The Office where Dwight puts the whole office lockdown because Andy has allergies, Michael wears an athletic cup on his face as PPE and an unaware Creed returns at the end from his vacation in China with some soup he smuggled back
China should be removed from the @UN Security Council. Seems dumb to let that Government have an important voice on world security when their lack of wildlife and animal policies just cost the global economy trillions of dollars!
Germany had no clue and no plan. They let Karneval happen, are short of supplies (masks, protective gear ...) and deceive naive people by the way they count their death, which is close to the way Iran and China count. ...  …
There are reported cases of racism targeting blacks in China accusing them of causing the coronavirus pandemic. African governments have responded well. I urge fellow Zimbabweans not to segregate against anyone. Dont target Chinese or any other race. We are all human beings
Tesla China Sales Will Spike With The Quick Rebound Of The Auto Industry $TSLA #Tesla #China  …
BREAKING: a new contagious disease coined the Coronavirus has been found in Wuhan, China
Tomorrow, on Easter Sunday, UK will pass 10,000 deaths from #CoVID_19. 9,500 dead in *just 4wks*. We dont count outside hospitals... Tomorrow, UK will overtake China as we crash through 80,000 cases *despite not testing*. Today, 5,122 tested +ve. 917 died. A death every 90sec.
You do realize China owns the majority of our debt, debt run up by Republican Administration since the 1980's. Unless of course you have a few dozen trillions sitting around you want to loan your dear leader
TMZ EXCLUSIVE- Frog Mama, who insisted she has handled 'general Tso's virus' very well until now, is escorted out of local grocery store after... creating a disturbance... upon seeing "a jar of pickles is $5 now?! Thanks CHINA!" 
This thread is brutal and frightening. Crying “xenophobia” in the face of China’s almost cartoonish treachery is pretty darn close   …
Never forget that China lied about #coronavirus. When this is over, world  together and find a way to hold them responsible.
Africans travel long and work hard in #China. Now they  top targets of suspicion and are treated like criminals. Pregnant ladies were turned away by local hotels and forced to sleep under bridges. How can they treat people in this way? #Guangzhou   …
I think we all know what @SteveKerr and @KingJames would say if Trump was doing  China is doing.  …
Despite the fact that #coronavirus came from China, we never subjected Chinese people in Nigeria to Xenophobic treatment. They should not test our good will.  …
RIP GARETH How dare you blame the Home Secretary, Priti Patel, for Gareth's tragic death as she works 24/7 trying to save lives. How about blaming the real culprits like China, The WHO, Covid19 & every idiot who is out today spreading the virus to the next Gareth. Shameful. 
TURKEY - not China - is succeeding with #COVID19 medical aid diplomacy in the Mediterranean (see map via @MarcoFlorianMED) 
"This  from people who, often, have never traveled to China, and who most probably have never visited a wet market. Their knowledge is based on reports from animal rights activists, unreliable media and popular myth-making about China"  …
Today, Canada faces a shortage of the very same medical supplies the Trudeau government shipped to China.  …
Per-capita death rates from COVID-19: Taiwan: 0.3 per million (6 deaths) Hong Kong: 0.6 per million (4 deaths) Singapore: 1 per million (8 deaths) China: 2 per million (3,339 deaths) South Korea: 4 per million (211 deaths) .. US: 61 per million (20,086 deaths..and just starting)  …
This is a kind of venom of hatred spread by far right Hindutva supprters & India Media. How fanatics & illiterate these ppl could be that a virus born in China,spread around d world,killing thousands of ppl & now they're blaming Muslims for this pandemic. 
It’s by now beyond clear that China is no partner to the United States. A difficult, but necessary, separation lies ahead. Via ⁦ @aminterest⁩ ⁦⁦ @edwardlucas⁩ ⁦  …
Liberals spending time arguing about what to call a pandemic that originated in China are handing Trump another winning issue instead of focusing on the the lack of preparedness/testing. These people want to lose. I believe that now. They truly want to lose.
Then you either do as you are told by China or they unleash it. Thought about that?
IHCA  Among Pts with #COVID19 PNA in China  … Retrospective Review of 136pts Resp Etiology = 87.5% Most Common Initial Rhythm = Asystole 89.7% ROSC = 13.2% 30d Survival = 2.9% Good Neuro  = 0.7% 
#Japanese #destroyer #AKEBONO DD108 operating with US assault ship #AMERICA LHA6 in the East China Sea 10 April. One of 9 Murasame-class  in 2002. Her name means "light of daybreak." 
Official French data on #tobacco smoking & #covid19 replicate the picture in China, Germany & USA: A remarkable low rate of smokers are hospitalised w/  to smoking prevalence (France 23%).  …  
Jack Dawkins, Apr 11, 2020 China is currently evicting Africans in the country, reportedly in a way of shifting blame of the Coronavirus onto them, disturbing behaviour. 
#China The people in #Guangzhou are drinking from the next floor, as if they were Wuhan...because there is no virus in Guangzhou 
With US Corona virus death toll hitting 20,000 by far the largest for a population of 400m people, can only mean that the reported death toll of 3000 in China - a country of 1.5 Billion people & epicentre of the virus- is a pure Communist Fabrication and Coverup.
Without China.
#China #Shenzhen Futian CITIC Securities Building fire, looks like the fire brigade shows up for the financial hub of China (CITIC Group State Council holds 100% of the shares) 
The US has officially surpassed Italy as country with most officially reported Coronavirus deaths. (Should be noted that China’s official numbers are largely bunk)  …
FUCK CHINA
*Victims of Communism says some bullshit about China* Western leftist: Lol what dumb propaganda *Victims of Communism says some bullshit about China but sourced within a New York Times article* Western leftist: How could China do this??
BREAKING NEWS: China implements "One Bat" policy.
#China Affected by the epidemic,  declined, and the employees of Hunan Yuebal Qixin Jinbao launched a strike to protest #Taiwan, and shouted slogans to allow  to go back to 
The @AP pimps Communist Chinese propaganda. CHINA HAS THE MOST DEATHS They are incinerating corona victims alive. Why don’t you do some real reporting?  …
When i ask ma friend who bought their iPhone at #China and he/she didn’t see my Taiwan flag emoji. So my reaction be like .. 
VIDEO: ‘How You Treat Our Ambassador, Citizens More Important’ - @HouseNGR Speaker @FemiGbaja Demands End To Inhumane Treatment Of Nigerians ln China #COVID19 #coronavirus #HealthyAtHome 
Drop everything and go watch this right now... Bill Maher nails the lunacy of the left saying it's racist to call it China Virus.  …
China Sends Virus to World Pakstan Sends T3RR0R!$T to World But Our #India Sends Medicines to World EAST OR WEST INDIA IS THE BEST Proud of my country #IndiaLovesModi #SaturdayMotivation #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #Lockdownextention 
Interesting how China got through COVID19 without a vaccine. So why is Gates and the Deep State pushing a vaccine so hard? I will  Will you?
WATCH: Trump Campaign Releases Devastating Video Hitting Biden On China 
New Data Shows U.S. Companies Are Definitely Leaving China  …
It's like playing the telephone game starting with China.
6/ Fabergé egg, doing  China when there was absolutely nothing else of Easter—secular or religious? It was just waiting there for me. God’s kiss on His day. I still have it, of course. After, we went out to eat (Chinese food for Easter dinner) and returned to the
This isn't just a victory for China...its a huge victory for Dems/Libs/Socialists who owe a huge debt of gratitude to China for delivering for them in 6 weeks, what they've been trying to do to America/Americans for decades, i.e. strip us lil Americans of our GOD GIVEN RIGHTS!
The other day AG Barr said China is engaged in a “full court blitzkrieg” against the USA & is a much greater threat than Russia  So why do schools like Harvard who get billions in federal funding, continue to bring over thousands of Chinese students & researchers?
Some facts about Hong Kong If Hong Kong ‘is’ a part of china because it ‘was’ a part of the so-called china, should England be “returned” to Italy (Roman Empire?)  … 
The Kenyan media has now fallen for the Chinese Communist Party Propaganda, believing that the Africans evicted and thrown to the streets are in China illegally, and now it's not a bad thing that they're in the streets, it has nothing to do with racism at all . The Holy Name...
We need to liberate the Chinese people from the DESPICABLE CRIMINALS that run China & murder their own people The CCP or CPC the Communist Party of China is based on Marxism & Leninism it is totally aligned w/Soviet union a.k.a. the Russian federation IT IS TIME for them to go! 
Good news:  started leaving China over the recent trade war. Now they're leaving even faster.  …
“I hear these stories about how China is going to eat our lunch. Give me a break!” “Cmon Man “ A rising China is a … positive ­development not only for China, but for America.” Joe Biden ...CHINA’S BEST CHANCE FOR 2020
Yea, we'd be seeing her bow down to China right now and probably be blaming the virus on a youtube video.
Please may you reply below with countries that have frozen rent, bond &/or utility payments during the COVID-19 lockdown. I believe Italy, Spain, France, Uganda, Kenya &amp; China have done this. Retail shops in Germany, the US and also some shops in SA have stopped paying rent.
and yet less than China, you shill.
"African officials are confronting China publicly & in private over racist mistreatment of Africans [in] Guangzhou, & the US says African-Americans have been targeted" Some echoes w/awful 1988 Nanjing attacks on African students:   …
Once in awhile, Bill Maher gets it right.  BLASTS the Woke Left for worrying about political correctness during a Pandemic. "WE SHOULD BLAME CHINA" WATCH THIS 
Before #covid19 & #supplychain shifts  Countries w/ the Largest #Manufacturing Industries ... 1. #China $4T 2. #USA $2.3T 3. #Japan $1T 4. #Germany $806B 5. #SouthKorea $459B Via 
From the beginning of this pandemic, in China, in Italy, around the world, and in the United States, medical professionals have risked and in some cases given their lives to protect their fellow human beings. Their sacrifices are deeply humbling.  …
and yet it came from china 
2/ one of China’s many orphanages for throwaway children. They didn’t know I was a journalist of course, but when I returned home I wrote an article on it that exposed the horrible abuses going on there—as well as the miracles God was doing in the midst of it all. And there
Poll: "Does my government work for everyone's benefit?" China -- 78%; USA -- 20% Logically, in a "democracy," people choose their leaders and replace the bad ones, so why is here such a discrepancy? #GodfreeRoberts #coronavirus #capitalism 
China has not only taken advantage of land and resources of occupied East Turkistan but also deport Uyghur to inland China to work as a slave. This could be worse than Stalin’s gulag 
1/ An Easter thread if you’re angry or sad you can’t be in church on Resurrection Day My most memorable Easter was nowhere near a church building. I was  China. This was way before the economic boom there. I was in a city you never heard of working undercover at
Hi #Thailand. The good news is your nation is really going to benefit from business moving from #China. Bright days are ahead! #AnywherebutChina #Decoupling 
In the last 4 years, both Russia and China have achieved what they wanted, and the MSM plays the part so well.
Donald Trump Has Been Warning Us About China Since the ’80s  …
On behalf of ALL the people of #China-Occupied #EastTurkistan, we would like to wish ALL the of #Christianity a #HappyEaster! We hope you have a blessed holiday filled with faith, love, & 
Letter "C" Is Dealing With Us This Year.Coronavirus, China , Cyril, Cele 
The whole world know TAIWAN is a country TAIWAN isn't belong to CHINA HONG KONG don't want mainland CHINA HONG KONG people don't like mainland CHINA The whole world know  from China BUT Chinese didn't accept the truth It should be called CHINAVIRUS #Taiwan #nnevvy
During this crisis people have been arrested for: - Going to church - Playing with their own kids - Being in their own yard - Paddle boarding - Not wearing a mask - Jogging on a beach Perhaps the biggest victory for China during China Virus has been the world turning into China
Congratulations to Xu JiaQi (Kiki) of #SNH48 Team SII (1st generation) and subunit #SEN7ES for ranking at the number 2 position after the first elimination of the IQIYI survival show "Youth With You 2" The top 9 of the first elim will be rewarded with a photoshoot in COSMO China 
#Chinese police doing mass evictions all over #China evicting #African people from their apartments & business, accusing them of being #coronavirus carriers & leaving them in the streets. This is the country that accuses others of racism This is unprecedented in modern  …
What's the point of American Exceptionalism if we abandon what makes us exceptional? Different from all other nations. We are not #China. We are a free and open society. Or we were.
ICYMI: Trump admin playing hardball against China's propaganda campaign. Plus, it looks like @realDonaldTrump has a plan to expose China's plants in the White House press corps.  …
Everyone who thinks US would be in better position now if only China had shared more info is sadly mistaken. The White House had plenty of info in plenty of time. Trump *chose* not to listen to experts. He *chose* not to respond. That's on him, not China. 
Just overheard my Trumper neighbor yelling at his gf (who works in a MEDICAL OFFICE) that the #coronavirus was “made in a lab in China by liberals & it’s not nearly as bad as everyone’s saying!” so everything’s fine, you guys 
Noooooo, China doesn’t have alcohol dependency.... No it won’t work and we are non China....
Africans being treated like shit in China, shock horror. Shout out you lot who were begging us to buy chow mein to support  …
China has been buying up ads on U.S. social-media sites and adopting online tactics reminiscent of Russian disinformation campaigns in an apparent attempt to shape the story internationally about the coronavirus response  … #disinformation
 from China like  from the Dominican Republic” LMFAO BRO WHAT. 
Where the hell are all these CCP trolls  from if twitter is banned in China? #nnevvy
And these are only CONFIRMED BY TESTING cases. USA has suffered more causalities than CHINA. TRUMP, and the GOP who enable him, are continuing their deadly choices. THEY are RESPONSIBLE, DIRECTLY & COMPLETELY. They LIVE & FLOURISH, WE SICKEN AND DIE.  …
Guess what, Canada closed all travel from China in April, The US. was way ahead of the canucks curve, flights from China were  in even though Trudeaus wife was sick with the virus. Lame
Good report - and a corrective to the insinuations from  that China doesn’t actually have COVID under control.  …
South Africa is importing a lot of furniture from China, while we have capacity and skill locally to meet this demand. What happened to the DTI’s black industrialist programme? 
Coronavirus — Vitamin C Dramatic Help against Infection in China, South Korea — Why Aren’t We Told?  …
Someone I know recently asked their doctor about Hydroxychloroquine for treating Coronavirus. The doctors response: "What are you a Republican? " ugh... I'm pretty sure South Korea and India and France and China aren't Republicans
That is the craziest thing I’ve seen in a long time. McDonald restaurants in China handing out notices saying black people aren’t allowed in
3  listed on the US stock exchange are facing accounting scandals. Chinese coffee chain super-brand @LuckincoffeeO, #China's answer to Netflix @iQIYIofficial, and Beijing-based Tal Education Group TAL fabricated hundreds of millions of dollars in sales in 
“We should blame China, not Chinese Americans — we can’t stop telling the truth because racists get the wrong idea... We can’t afford the luxury anymore of non-judginess towards a country with habits that kill millions of people everywhere” Bill Maher 
Trump put a his trade deal with China that didn't fix anything substantial in our trade relationship ahead of the health of the American people as he stalled to act against the #coronavirus until it was done. This delay is why so many have died and are dying. PASS IT ON.  …
‘We Should Blame China’: Bill Maher Unloads On People Tip-Toeing Around Coronavirus Origins  …
 across many beautiful moments like this on the #nnevvy hashtag There is some incredible solidarity being built between #Thailand and #HongKong Wumao are great at making new enemies and bringing people together #China’s nationalist bullies are uniting the world! 
The coronavirus is not divine punishment, neither is the result of an accident. The coronavirus that has killed thousands of people is the direct responsibility of the Communist Party of China in conjunction with the WHO, which concealed the pandemic until it spread to the world.
Bill Maher says Coronavirus Should Be Called ‘Chinese Virus' and “We Should Blame China'. Some of his fav guests agree w/his latest racist take. 
Trudeau in 2013: “There’s a level of admiration I actually have for China ...”  …
More updates: It seems that the actor bbright's gf retweets an article claiming that the #covid19 is from a lab in Wuhan, China, and then the actor "likes" the retweet. He apologized later. Another story is that they uploaded some photos but described Taiwan as a country. 
If true. Absolutely against the spirit of what the world needs to achieve. More reasons why we need to reassess relations with #China. China clamping down on coronavirus research, deleted pages suggest  …
So y’all see Asians putting Africans out of their homes and hotels and stuff right in China ? But y’all expect us to feel sorry for them bc they got this virus started and LIED about it. Every race be extremely racist but black ppl love giving everybody sympathy.
China 3 months ago: 
China Helps Venezuela Deal With Coronavirus Pandemic  … 
It’s clear that the Chinese Communist regime withheld information that could've helped us respond to COVID-19 earlier. The World Health Organization owes us an explanation for why they’ve seemingly covered for China’s lies, & the President is right to question their credibility. 
This week @DrTedros accused Taiwan of racism for criticizing him Now China is rounding up black people and Tedros  silent 
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is blaming 17 million Americans losing their jobs on capitalism. How did capitalism cause this pandemic, @AOC? The government forced businesses to shut down and  in China repeatedly lied about the virus!
If you're buying a mask made in China, it might actually be a source of infection in itself.  …
Believing that Taiwan is independent does not mean you are not friendly to China/Chinese. It is not black or white. Personally I don't have an opinion yet on TW/HK, but I can also like China/Chinese people. Many of my best friends are Chinese. We have to let others believe freely
#RacistChina, suppressing Africans who work in Guangzhou. Listen to the guy “the #China police removed us from our houses...we have no where to live” #CCP bribed African countries to  their allies, and see how they treat their citizens. 
First reports about China building a hospital in 10 days had my ears perked and I'm just an HVAC tech
Thank you! I think WHO needs to listen to your effective management about COVID-19, but WHO itself is controlled by the China. Be strong and safe.
Twitter won't let me "like" tweets criticizing China. "This request looks like it might be automated. To protect our users from spam and other malicious activity, we  this action right now. Please try again later." What's next, Twitter? Gulags?
Fascinating piece on China's influence ops associated with COVID-19 and their context. Bots, trolls, sock puppets, the 50 cent army, and more  … via @TheAtlantic @noUpside
Do you recall when Saddam Hussein would report that the Iraqi elections were freely held and that he had received 99.9% of the votes (or something to that effect)? Well, Saddam's numbers were ASTRONOMICALLY more accurate than those reported by China regarding the Coronavirus.
China: About 200  seeking to move manufacturing base from China to India: USISPF - The Economic...  … via @economictimes @narendramodi @vijayrupanibjp @CMOGuj #MakeInIndia
"The Growth of China is overwhelmingly in our interest" - Joe Biden We must rethink our relationship and dependence on China. Agree!? 
Kudos to Bill Maher...there are a few Trump Hating Democrats that are not just plain stupid with their support for China just to defy Trump. There are some things smart people aren't willing to jeopardise their good sense for a hateful agenda. HOOAH!!
Bill Maher unloads on China and the naming controversy in his typically undiplomatic way. "This is a dictatorship that for decades enforced a one child per family policy under penalty of forced sterilization. But you can't close down the farmer's market from hell?"  …
I am Thai. I do not agree that China wants everyone to respect their country. But he himself never respected any other country
Virus started in China. Spreads in China. Gets exported by China. Lied abt by China. Bill Maher says we should blame China. And that's considered a ballsy, controversial statement? Maher is a clown w 1% more depth & guts than his viewers.
Noah wa Shanghai ni nani? The Kenyan Embassy in China doesn't care. Instead of helping victimized Kenyans, they're trying to divide our people in China into two groups, those with valid VISAs & those with expired ones. Hii ukoloni tutaacha lini? #COVID19KE #Ulafi #SilentWaveKE
Seeing big money to be made in developing China, America’s elites, Globalists and their media henchmen went soft  and invested massively in China. They sold-out America, and now here we are.....................  …
China tear apart Uyghur families, deporting man and women from their homeland to different Chinese cities for slave labor. 
My personal covid TL 1. It’s just a cold! 2. Yes the cold kills! 3. It’s just China! 4. Ok I’m predicting 20k deaths top 5. 240k there’s no way 6. I’d like to apologize for predicting this so wrong. 7. 100k deaths ok that’s good 8. 60k deaths now? Seriously 9. MOTHERFU.......
BLOCKBUSTER: Buried in today's @nytimes "look back" on Trump's #coronavirus failures, is a devastating revelation: the WH failed to act on early warnings about the virus, because the econ team blocked action against China Mnuchin, Kudlow need to be asked about this ASAP 
Yet another “Quality” shipment from China. These boxes looks as though they are full of Confetti meant for a celebration, instead of protection. Can anyone tell me with a straight face that this is NOT being done deliberately? This ‘enemy’ isn’t silent, it’s mocking us.  …
Chinese Proverb: There are times when even the tiger sleeps. ❖ Chinese Proverbs #Quotes
Happy Birthday! Love from Jiangsu,China. 
FYI since HK is not China, this game is still available to HongKongers, just not the Chinese
Over 500,000 people have Coronavirus in the USA, Over 20,000 people have now died from the virus in the USA- many of them black americans. Also, USA now has more cases and more deaths than any other country in the whole world. More than China, Spain or Italy. This is insane.
Dear @ChineseZimbabwe After looting our minerals and killing our elephants and Rhinos for ivory, your people have the audacity to treat us like animals Can you tell your people back in China that we’re capable of retaliating. Zanu pf is no Zimbabwe don’t push us !!! 
“tHERe iS ONLy oNE CHInaa!” #nnevvy #Taiwan #China 
I don't think so. This is an extraordinarily difficult challenge that involves a trillion different moving parts. There is nothing that would suggest that other presidents would have been better or worse. If anything, Trump placed the travel ban on China quite early.  …
#Shaoxing, the largest silk woollen sweaters manufacturer in #China, its factory on fire. 11April. Same as many other incidents, likely to be arson to claim insurance damages. As businesses collapsed. #COVID19 #WuhanVirus 
This is how the Democrats responded to @realDonaldTrump’s life saving China travel ban, including Pelosi introducing legislation to stop it. 
#AnimalCrossingNewHorizons is now banned in China because HongKongers decorated towns with #HongKongProtests slogans! Good job everyone, keep it up! #StandWithHongKong  
We now have evidence from China UK France that #obesity is a risk factor for a poor  in patients who have critical #pneumonia from #saracov2 #COVID19 -  …
Do you really know what's happening to our people in Guangzhou? In China, they refer to Africans as 'black ghosts.' The Chinese are daring Kenyans, "Call your Embassy. They don't care." Tumefika hapo. Even the Chinese know that serikali yetu ni #ulafi tu. #COVID19KE #SilentWaveKE
Researchers at the University of Hong Kong in 2007: “The presence of a large reservoir of SARS-CoV-like viruses in Horseshoe Bats, together with the culture of eating exotic mammals in Southern China, is a timebomb.”
China found new petroleum reserves of 228 million tonnes, in East Turkistan two days ago. They pumped out 624 cubic meters crude oil per day and 371,000 cubic metres of natural gas. abundant rich natural resources of this region was another main reason of Chinese invasion 
Does it matter that we have 1/4 the population of China? The rhetorical terminus of the Republican Goalpost Moving Co. is this argument, and you'll see it a lot in  weeks: "We have a lot of people, so it's not that big a deal that so many of us are sick or dead."  …
#HongKongers protest to anti-China and protect our value to against #CCP and their  to #HongKong The slogan is : Take Back #HongKong #StandwithHongKong #BoycottChina
Underreported—Trump’s trade wars and tariffs on China raised the cost of medical equipment in US by hundreds of millions of dollars. Before this pandemic hit, how many US hospitals scaled back purchases of ventilators, PPE and crucial medical equipment during the Trump era? 
Now that Tesla’s business is about to class, prepare yourself for an onslaught of meaningless pumps. Semi truck? Sure to be revived soon. Model Y supply constraint? Why not. Model 3 China back order til 2028? Sure throw it in there! $TSLAQ is here until the pyramid  …
Chinese love to say 'HK/ Taiwan is an inalienable part of China' while the whole world know coronavirus is an inalienable part of China 
There is only one explanation that fits the facts: #China deliberately spread the #coronavirus beyond its borders:  . @patrickbetdavid @ValuetainmentTV
THIS BETTER NOT HAPPEN WHILE WE CAN'T WORK OR SIT ON A BEACH IN AMERICA BECAUSE OF THE #CHINAVIRUS! #UnitedAirlines Could Soon Resume U.S.- #China Passenger Flights  …
If Iran needs $5 billion to fight the coronavirus, let Russia and  up with it. I'm sure they have direct channels to transfer money outside the IMF. Not a single US dollar should go to the mullahs.
Fauchi-Gates Foundation-Zuckerberg-Clinton Foundation et al. We need to wait for a vaccine (pay no attention to Hydroxy, nothing to see here folks) So we wait and China wins. Big Pharma makes $$$on. Government mandated vaccine. Try getting on a plane without ur card #firefauchi
The Chinese govt is not our friend. The US needs to look to Mexico & Canada for increased manufacturing. Failure to increase North American output only increases China worldwide influence esp in the Southern hemisphere.
Also, many people are attacking Chinese about 'Wuhan' virus. I think this is wrong. I know if possible, China also don't want this to happen. But some people will not agree, and you just have to accept that not everyone will agree. I hope you & your families are safe 照顾好自己
Coronavirus: Human Rights Commission blows hot over maltreatment of Nigerians in China  …
This Trump insider has a lot of info: Did you know Turkey has more than 12 overseas military bases, Their Airline has the most destinations in the world & ranking just behind USA & China the world's biggest, & 6th biggest tourist destination in the world?  
Okay ... let’s assume to give Liberals the benefit of doubt ... Yes, the information  fast and WHO did give inaccurate information. However, my issue remains, why did they jump to calling Canadians racists for no reason, and why are they steadily riding China’s arrss?!
In unusual step, African nations scold China over racism against blacks  …
WE HAD ONE MONTH OF WATCHING CHINA. TWO WEEKS WATCHING ITALY. The government didn’t instigate a lockdown. They didn’t invest in testing. They only yesterday started a program to properly fund PPE. And most importantly underfunded the NHS for 10 years. They are responsible.
BIO-WEAPON: The only explanation for why the #WuhanCoronavirus #COVIDー19 spread throughout the U.S. and Europe BUT NOT China is that it is a HUMAN ENGINEERED bio-weapon, NOT a naturally occurring bat virus, as China has claimed. If so,  …
The globalists assured us that if we just bought one more cheap trinket made by Chinese slave labor in Chinese sweat shops one day China would be just like us. They’d be a free country with human rights. Instead, we are now punishing pastors just like China.
@TuckerCarlson It's how entangled the West has  with China. The media sings praises of China and quotes the propaganda of the CCP. And how many businesses and banks are owned by the Chinese? China is buying professors, scientists, and politicians!  …
Listen to the pipa masterpiece once more! Known for the adapted pipa solo “Ambush from Ten Sides” #十面埋伏, 83-yr-old Chinese #pipa master Liu Dehai passed away on Apr. 11. He was the earliest musician in #China that cooperated with #BerlinPhilharmonic.  
Sorry for keep using the girl’s tag but apparently China don’t know how to respect celebrity’s privacy and others political standpoints 
lookin forward to my  nothing fun happens at 19 so I can hit em with the “when I was 19, almost had ww3, guy in China ate a bat & started a pandemic + whole country was on house arrest for weeks so we had no choice but to learn about that bishh Carol Baskin” try me
Our data visualisations reveal how COVID-19 has evolved in Italy, Spain, France, Germany, the UK, Iran, China and the US.  …
A popular night fair in South #China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region reopened on Friday after a 70-day lockdown. Anti-virus measures including curbing the flow of people and taking their temperatures are adopted to ensure safety. #coronavirus 
If the US could afford a war, this would be one of the few instances that one would  justified in self-defense. But given we are trillions in debt already, the best course of action would be to withdraw trade from China and not let them benefit from American business
Men in China microaggress African student from Tanzania who dated Chinese girl. Maybe they have implicit bias? @AOC @timjacobwise 
Hello, thank you for discussing respectfully. Most of us respect China. Many of us believe Taiwan is a country. You disagree with it, that is fine. You like 麻辣火锅 I like 小笼包 It is OK to have difference in opinion. You cannot force the whole world to agree with you.
FYI, I will be discussing the #CCP's War on Hong Kong on 4/23 as part of the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundations' "Understanding China" Online Events. #HK #HongKong #WaterRevolution #StandWithHK #SaveHK #FreeHK #FightForHK #LiberateHK #CPC #graywar 
China is the new world police  …
#nnevvy To be fair, I found there’s nothing wrong to retweet this post. According to this Thai’s translation, the writer just pointed out that China should have proceeded an international investigation in relation to the virus. Doesn’t it sound reasonable? No prejudice please. 
Alberto Bologna spotlights 10 key buildings from his book Chinese Brutalism Today, which examines the enduring trend of concrete architecture in China. 
China was happy to encourage its citizens to buy a bulk of the world's much needed medical supplies to tackle the Covid 19 crisis in their country. Yet the CCP still let people fly out of China to infect the whole world. Let's bear this in mind moving forward
Andrew Sullivan (has HIV), was caught soliciting gay sex on craigslist and wants to attaq China for 'unleashing a pandemic'. Is he asserting a monopoly on the spread of plagues and dissuading those who encroach on his turf? 
GOP Lawmakers Demand Answers From WHO Leader Over 'Role in China's Coronavirus Propaganda Campaign' WTF! Yes, he should be questioned! From a jail cell...for contributing to over 100,000 deaths worldwide!  …
1. Acosta resigned almost a year ago 2. 40,000 people came here from China after Trump’s “travel restrictions” 3. The media has been a million times more accurate on every single issue than Trump has 4. Still amazed every day at how unintelligent and uninformed Trumpers are
I can’t believe China made everyone crowd into bars in Chicago on St Patrick’s Day weekend.
@vechainofficial without a doubt. It has the most important partners, it is the only blockchain certified by China, first-rate investors such as Tim Draper or Breyer Capital. Also @PwC @Deloitte @DNVGL ... And much more! Too bad people don't see this gem in time #VeChain $VET 
hell yeah it owns that us asian americans have to vote for biden, who promised to punish china for the virus post 9/11 muslim americans picking between the guy who wants to put us in camps and the guy who will say 'our enemy is china, not the chinese people' while building camps
Bad that some Nigerians are being racist towards Doctors just becouse they are from China. Bad that some Chinese are being racist towards migrants just because they are from Nigeria. Rant if you like, lesson being. DON'T do on to other's what you DON'T want them to do to you. 
Don't forget that not only did Trump heap praise on China's handling of the pandemic at the time, he also cited Xi Jinping for his entire, farcical assurance that the disease would disappear by April. Xi was his declared excuse to ignore his own experts and do NOTHING.
No Taiwan is a country. We have our own system and own government, Fuck China lmao
Be thankful you live in America, all though the left wants us to turn into China.
The team at @sbreakintl locates #China's PLAN CV16 Liaoning (Type-001) carrier group 100 nautical miles east of #Shanghai on 10/04/2020 at 02:38:45 UTC before it sailed past #Miyakojima, #Japan into the #Pacificocean CC @CovertShores @SCS_news 
Hillary still not in jail Economy shut down ignoring warnings Still open borders which spread the virus Much of our manufacturing still in China, where the virus originated More rights being taken from us as we type Billionaires plotting to vaccinate entire planet WINNING! #maga
I’ve always condemned xenophobic sentiments against the Chinese in Africa, but if Chinese authorities fail to take an action to check anti-black sentiments in China, they stand to lose more. Just came across this, now I want someone to confirm the authencity of the racist posts. 
In Wuhan China pop 11M, 1800 contact tracing teams of 5 people each (9000 persons in total) were deployed to do meticulous case and contact identification to bring that city’s very serious COVID epidemic under control. 5/x
These are the best defenses they came up with: 1) the president was relying on China for info, not the IC 2) the president was getting bad info from his D-squad sycophants 3) the president didn’t like accurate info  officials who didn’t kiss his ring 
Wouldn’t a smart president have worked to FIRST bring critical US medical supply chain back to America from China, ensuring US self-sufficiency, BEFORE launching tariffs/trade wars at China?  …
Chinese journalists/influencers, I urge you to use your platforms/influence to speak against harassment of African nationals in China. Some of us did the same when your nationals were being harassed in our countries despite the backlash we received.  …
Can Twitter just ban all these fake Chinese accounts from Feb/Mar/Apr 2020? It’s banned in China anyway! They are turning Twitter into a sewer. #nnevvy
The CHINESE GOVERNMENT GENUINELY believes that because it BRIBES and has DOSSIERS on AFRICAN PRESIDENTS/LEADERS (when they sign these contracts for roads, railways etc) it can abuse/discriminate/mistreat/humiliate AFRICANS who visit China ...shame... @ChineseEmbKenya
To Mr. Trump: WTO is clearly biased in favor of the US, or is very US centric, otherwise how could the US has won more cases against China. Trump also won the WTO case against Airbus, another proof that WTO is US centric against EU. Wow.
I wonder what the NSA has on Diane Feinstein regarding  with the Chinese CCP over the last several months re: COVID-19 ??? I wonder what the NSA has on every politician that took LOBBYING MONEY (Bribes) from China ?? I wonder what the NSA has on Hillary ? 
Next time a Democrat calls you racist, xenophobic, etc, remind them of their inaction on China human rights abuses.
I'm Taiwanese. Thank you! We Taiwanese people elect our own country leader @iingwen . TW is not part of China but an independent country. TAI THAI #nnevvy
Chinese : ask for respect Also Chinese : nmsl Chinese : tell you to read history Also Chinese : dont know about 1989 tiananmen square massacre Chinese : Ask for manner Also Chinese :  first Chinese : Taiwan is part of China Taiwan : have democracy #nnevvy
Remember, every single coronavirus death in the US is a death caused by China. What they've done to our country is an act of war and far more severe than anything we've ever gone to war over.
“Africa is expected to be painted in the Chinese imagination in this century. Once China has successfully wrestled Africa from the grips of Europe & America, its true colours are expected to emerge –like true colours of Europeans did after evangelising.”  …
[NEW VIDEO] From WHO Dr Tedros to Chinese recruiting of operatives, looking at how China generally recruit people to join them.  via @YouTube
So @Yamiche why are you not doing a news piece on how offended you are that RACIST China is forcibly removing Africans from their homes and the country? Your pathetic hypocrisy makes you  laughing stock every presser you show up to to ask absolutely sophomoric questions
How long are we going to allow China to get away with this? It can’t be a coincidence. @realDonaldTrump
So you’re saying maybe it wasn’t smart of Trump to threaten China with trade wars and tariffs while China had so much control over our medical supply chain? US sent dozens of planes to China to ship back masks and medical equipment in recent weeks—how’s that strategy working out?  …
Tacitly conceding  that China had been exporting defective medical equipment, Beijing halts medical exports until quality control can be improved.  
Bill Maher Says Coronavirus Should Be Called the ‘Chinese Virus': ‘We Should Blame China’ (Video)  … via @YahooEnt even the most liberal network host agrees with trump. Isn’t that unbelievable that it’s perfectly acceptable for entertainers but not POTUS?
Did you watch Bill Maher's recent clip on China, below? While you might agree on the premise, it's another distraction. Everyone's now going to be saying, "China, China, China" when the real enemy is the Dark, Demented, Globally Pervasive NWO Cabal...and it's in EVERY nation.  …
People congreagating for Church vote Republican Republicans are hawkish on China China hawks make China unleash more diseases QED
If more #democrats thought and spoke this way they would not be struggling ... he has been someone I enjoy watching occasionally.... who usually does not allow #BS  in the way of reality. @billmaher at his best at an important time .. #China #COVID19 #US  …
Sometimes you need classical liberals like @billmaher to seek & destroy ‘woke’ BS. #CoronaVirus did emanate from China & there’s nothing racist or ethnocentrically wrong with saying that. Watch! 
BBC: #China ZTE executive Bao Yuming, also known as Robert Y Bao, quits amid sex assault allegations  …
Chinese Ambassador to Kenya Wu Peng has revealed that Kenyans were mistreated in China as a result of them not maintaining social distance: 
This kind of people create chaos everywhere...because they're selfish, inconsiderate and only care about their own interests. They should go back to China!
Look I don’t actually know what #nnevvy is about but I am on board with all of #Thailand roasting Chinese trolls. Also #Taiwan, #HongKong, #Macau, #Tibet and #EastTurkestan aren’t #China.  …
His Excellency Liu Xiaoming’s response: “Please do let us know if there is anything specific we could do. China stands ready to provide assistance to the best of our capability” 4/5
Disturbed and gutted by a video alleging xenophobic attacks by the Chinese to black folk in Guangzhou China were landlords are kicking out their black tenants forcing them to sleep on the streets whilst accusing them of being carriers of COVID-19. 
 cultural genocide with political marriages! #Uygurs wearing Han #Chinese style wedding dresses at their wedding. The world should see the crimes #CCP  #Covid19Out #Wuhan #StayHome #sokagacikma #Corona #BoycottChina #WHO 
China will provide Rs2 billion for smart university project in Pakistan  
The Welsh Govt has three offices in China and its own airport to organise rapid shipment. I wrote to the Chinese Ambassador recently to ask if they could help Wales and he has responded by indicating they are open to such a discussion 3/5
Twitter showdown. #Thailand vs #China who will win? Spoiler: Thailand 
#China Running to Win the #AI Arms Race!? #BigData #Analytics #DataScience #MachineLearning #IoT #IIoT #PyTorch #Python #RStats #TensorFlow #Java #JavaScript #CloudComputing #Serverless #DataScientist #Linux #Programming 
Zero and wouldn't do it...I would never check someone's "papers", nor do I condone a gov't imposed China virus free card
Sorry, not Xi only but the whole party. This is a pic on China National Day parade. There's 3 flags :1st #CCP Party, 2nd #China and The army. A PARTY is more important then a COUNTRY! And this is the PROBLEM! You can see #China ONLY when u removed 
Latest victim of China virus: the constitution 
@realDonaldTrump It’s only a PREPARATION DRILL by the DEEP STATE DEMOCRATS . Did they plan this attack with China back in 2017, under the guise “the enemy of my enemy is my friend.” Think about the implications here - our own government!!! @Mike_Pence @senatemajldr @GOPLeader
 Blaming China is a diversion. The Illuminati central bankers working through Bill Gates etc. are responsible. 
Nigerian government also dispatch their best train medical team to China 
"The virus was identified very early on in the epidemic in China, its genetic code was made available very quickly, and that allowed academics  to very quickly start to develop vacacines," says Stephen Powis, NHS England's medical director. #COVID19 
#Taiwan in trending in Thailand because Thai people  out to support Taiwan & HK independence after many Chinese joined Twitter to attack the girlfriend of a Thai idol for calling Taiwan a country. We don’t hate China, but many of us believe Taiwan is a country 
If you listen to Obama carefully you’ll realise that the world has  a victim of war between the US and China !! #coronavirus 
Holy shit "China is currently evicting Africans in the country, reportedly in a way of shifting blame of the Coronavirus onto them" 
ALBUM SALES Reported as of 04/11 End-Of-Day International: 25,727 + 3,454 from 04/10 China: 88,009 + 6,384 from 04/10 #GOT7 @GOT7Official #GOT7_DYE #GOT7_NOTBYTHEMOON Data By: @GOT7CBinfo (International) & 挂学课堂 (Weibo/China) 
This is one of only eight Pallas' #Cats posted to iNaturalist, and it's our Observation of the Day! Seen in #China by arbu. More details at:  … #OOTD #nature #animals #wildlife #besidesus #biodiversity #citizenscience #mammals 
Dear #Trump supporters...you have 2 choices: 1. Continue to be lied to that he never knew how bad it was...& that it was China, Dems, World Health Org, CDC’s etc fault...or... 2. You can read this story and learn the truth abt how he risked YOUR life  …
People all over the world defended China from #coronavirus racism and yet the Chinese govt refuses to check itself on its own racism and racist policies. The  out of China about black people being picked up and segregated is horrific. China must stop this now.
#MadeInAmerica is going to  a rallying cry from consumers here, as it should. Enough with #China, their disgusting practices & low quality crap. THEY did this to us! Great article by @BuckSexton  …
China will need over 100 years before it learns how to behave/act as a SUPERPOWER and stop seeing the world through the narrow and squinting eyes of the Communist party @ChineseEmbKenya
Taiwan is not China. Cheers from Thailand ka. 
Zenz's widely cited "estimate" that China is detaining millions of Uyghurs is based off a single, unverified report of an extremist Uyghur TV network in Turkey. A network that regularly hosts people claiming China is a "nation of savages, worse than Jews".  …
There is a rush to make masks in #China amid the #CCPVirus pandemic, but the quality is low. One mask exporter says many manufacturers lack certification. He estimates 60% don't have sterile environments. A factory he went to was full of dust, and workers wore no masks or 
Let me see... you want to give the Mullahs more $$$like Obama did that the people will never see and will only go in their pockets. We already know you kneel for the Mullahs and for China but you do not support the people fight for freedom. Bomb them YES! Fund them NO!
NEW CRUZ VIDEO: how China's #COVID19coverup led to the 
You are right. Those wumaos should go back to Weibo Using twitter is ILLEGAL in China
China sends #COVIDー19 virus to the world! Pakistan sends terrorists to the world! My India sends medicine to the world! Proud to be an Indian!
UN to run out of money by end of month, secretary general warns Call China!!  …
Don't forget what China did and the whole world is suffering now. 
I'm Taiwanese. Thank you! We Taiwanese people elect our own country leader @iingwen . TW is not part of China. TAI THAI #nnevvy
Ifegbo Ekwulugo Anthony Resides in China and married to a Chinese. He was whisked away today by Chinese authorities. Please share in your circles of influence. @AIT_Online @TVCconnect @ARISEtv @abikedabiri @bukolasaraki 
The US now has the largest number of COVID-19 death in the world. It’s a huge tragedy. Washington will for sure try to divert attention and reduce public’s anger by slandering China “under-reporting death”. Looks like the American people are easy to fool. 
China keeps advancing in designing CPU,  brain. While it's still behind Intel and AMD, this is something no other country outside the US has achieved so far. Within 2-3 years,  will be leading the world. #technology  …
Funny Story "Jan 18, a day after the CDC dispatched 100 people to three American airports to screen  from Wuhan, China, Mr. Azar made his first call to Mr. Trump about the virus...The president insisted on talking about e-cigarettes first"  …
Marx was not interested in creating a counter-economics with his work, as the person below insinuates. He wanted to abolish political-economy altogether. China is better at 'financial warfare' because Capital is more fully integrated into the State than under liberal capitalism.  …
Yet there is no evidence that virus originated from China But it has certainly spreaded from Wuhan Similarly Tablighhi Jammat has spreaded it across India Many people who attended the gathering r affected
"Can't we have a fucking pandemic without people getting offended?!" - Bill Maher (A virus that started in China is called the China virus because geographically that is where it started. When trump calls it a "China Virus" that is because he is an ignorant racist.)
Sick of pathetic questions at the presser!! Let’s be straight - the whole world is bidding for PPE, the prices are being hiked up mainly by China. We were misguided by China on the severity of this thing! Our Government are busting a gut to get things right in a shut situation!
me at 1AM watching the beef between thailand and china 
 from China like  from the Dominican Republic”  …
Bruce Aylward and @DrTedros are the valid example of @WHO being manipulated by Communist China. US and other countries should cut funding to it and form another credible international health organization which includes Taiwan. #WuhanHealthOrganisation #WuhanVirus 
#Trump2020 #KAG Joe Biden was in DC 45 years and did nothing to protect us from a pandemic. Not only that, but he allowed all our pharmaceuticals and everything else to be made in China. @realDonaldTrump this is the only campaign ad you 
According to the Hurun global rich list 2020, billionaires across the world are suffering losses due to a Coronavirus-induced slowdown. But China has added 6 new names to the list of world's Top 100 billionaires. 
Look at how China cheats the world. These are “medical supplies.” 
QUARANTINE UPDATE: - Donald Trump is terrible at managing pandemics because he’s a fucking moron - Republican cultists are blaming China for Trump’s failed pandemic response - God wants MAGA evangelicals to contract Coronavirus at church - Republicans risk lives for money
They've probably just finished building six hospitals in two days in China
Who could have seen this  People living in China: ....... But who could have believed the US response would be this negligent and disastrous? People living in Puerto Rico: ......  …
Do not forget BILL BARR KNEW. Mike Pompeo looked us in the eye and told us NOTHING, as he sold 60 MILLION DOLLARS WORTH OF VENTILATORS TO CHINA IN FEBRUARY. The rest of the GOP SOLD THEIR STOCK instead of warning us. They spit in our faces.
#China Bird flu is still raging! 
Again, there are so many ethical problems with this headline. 1. Please look up the term "per capita" when the U.S. again overtakes Italy, because this tends to happen when populations are massively larger. The term "per capita" should be in the headline. 2. China lies.  …
Video: Nigerian Consulate Seen Distributing Food To Displaced Nigerians In Guangzhou China. #CoronaVirusUpdate #CoronaOutbreak #ChinaMustExplain #COVIDー19 
In war, it's not always about the loss of life, the loser is the one who suffered economically the most, that's what causes a nation to fall from within. I'd say China did pretty good in attacking us. How are we to answer them for what they did?
Trump's scammy 'evangelical' remoras now pushing for vengeance against China. It's all fake 
Amazingly the Chinese have turned us into China without a single shot fired.  …
Taiwan is not China. Chinese wumao stop bullying Thai people for telling the truth. Or is China planning to claim that Thai is also a part of China? #nnevvy 
Association of Public Health Interventions With the Epidemiology of the COVID-19 Outbreak in Wuhan, China  …
Weird that Mark Kelly refuses to hold China accountable. Wonder why that could be? A look at his personal financial disclosure may hold a clue, if anyone took the time to look at it.  …
It's funny how the pro-lockdown crowd so enthusiastically accept data from Red China – but doubt Sweden!
The W.H.O. put out two statements we must never forget: 1) All flights from China must be allowed to continue. 2) Covid~19 cannot be transfered from human to human. W.H.O. is wholly  or Pure EVIL. No other choices.
But Coronavirus is China's... 
Nov 2019 US intelligence agencies started tracking coronavirus outbreak in China as early as November Trump’s health under scrutiny again after unplanned visit to Walter Reed  …
Trump is the right person to handle china.. To counter china's aggression and expansion..world need trump for his second term. #donald trump
Will  on black people suddenly being evicted from their homes in China and forced to undergo testing? They aren't even allowed in restaurants or hotels either
A point of view. For how long will we keep giving China a free pass? Saying that Covid 19 originated from China isn’t racism. It is a fact. Using Covid-19 to hate on Chinese is racism. But what’s wrong with calling it Wuhan Virus?  …
#Afghanistan will be a very interesting test of how China’s doctrine on international military engagements evolves. It might - only might- lead to a new level of engagement in UN peacekeeping. Afghanistan is an important Chinese security interest that can’t afford to ignore  …
Police In China sent out an order that no bar or restaurant to serve black people, mandatory tests & Quarantine to any black person & if they violate any law, knowing or unknowingly it's automatic arrest @ForeignOfficeKE & @RachaelOmamo what more do you need? 
For years, America's elites have been pushing the neoliberal talking point that calls to restore America's manufacturing base are backward-looking. Today, hospitals across the U.S. face supply shortages because we rely on China for things like ventilators and medicines.
Hi @DrTedros!  on China suddenly evicting black people from their homes and refusing to serve them in restaurants and hotels? 
 never looks good when people really get to know it. Thanks, @TheresaAFallon and @ChinaFile. #coronavirus  …
I saw a video where IPOB members in China were begging the FG of Jubril of Sudan and Cuba to intervene on their behalf in China I'm surprised they did not call on that fraudster Nnamdi Kalu to intervene. Why should they look to the zoo for help?
The new Chinese virus cases in China was brought in by Chinese nationals from abroad. Not Africans whatsoever. The state department has also warned Black Americans to be careful in China.  …
The US now has the most COVID-19 deaths of any country. The richest, most powerful nation in the world couldn't even perform its most basic task: protecting its citizens. What they claim about China is actually true for the US today: A regime that failed its people.
They pay monthly dues to Nnamdi Kalu. They call Nigeria zoo. They abuse PMB at will. They paraded Biafra flag, passports & money. Now jungle has matured in China & they’re now calling this same ”Jubril” they abuse daily for help...
Strange how both US Navy aircraft carrier groups in the Pacific are both disabled under quarantine, yet China’s fleet seems unaffected.  …
Ontario received 100,000 contaminated, unusable swabs for COVID-19 tests Lemme guess, these swabs came from China, too.  …
If Xi is forced to abdicate, another ruler  He/She is also destined to face upheavals. China is under a period of transformation now. It is to be seen if its Autocratic system is uprooted by 2036. Refer to quoted tweet.  …  
Let me be clear. There is a culture in mainland China regarding foreigners, and black people in particular, that is problematic. It is an attitude that is encouraged mainly by the CCP. Not ALL mainland Chinese people are racist. But a lot are. You can bite me
Our findings: 1) NYC has subtypes related to europe (maybe France/central europe), 2) California has many  to China, and 3) Washington has a subtype that is endogenous to the USA. Thx to @joeziyu and Bahrad for their tremendous  …
We didn’t just get the virus from China. We got their Communist, police state government way of thinking too.
Remember when Joe Biden said that China isn’t a threat to the United States and that we’re not in  with them? I do. Now look at where we are today. 
Can everyone agree now that banning travel from China was smart?
Thank you @billmaher for saying what 90% of country has been thinking & calling out the blue check mark woke snowflakes on Twitter for their stupidity. Woke political correctness is dangerous.. here is Nancy Pelosi telling everyone to stop being so racist  to China Town 
How is it that a virus that started in Wuhan, China that spread worldwide shutting down the world economy didn’t spread beyond Wuhan in China? The world needs an answer. R/T and make this go viral.
We all need to ask ourselves a simple question why do we pay Nike £150 for a pair of trainers made in China for under £1? Surely there's enough margin to pay UK/USA labour rates  …
Why the hell is there not a global outrage over China reopening their wet markets?!?!
China is enemy of humanity
China: sales of Animal Crossing: New Horizons suspended  
#China Please don't scold my country about the Government or King. I can't retweet all of this. . . . Yes, I mean I agree with you. lol. Thank for spoke to this topic I can't talk. เธอเก่งมากมิสซิสสร ฉันขอมากกว่านี้ 55555555555555555555555555 
Commie dumbwits are trying hard  into the news by criticizing #AarogyaSetuApp, a tool that helps people self-assess their risk of being infected and at the same time trying to defend China. Tells about their priorities, doesnt it? #KhaoYahanKiGaoWahanKi ? #CoronaVillains
This is incredible. Voice of America — a US-backed "independent" outlet that once had its domestic broadcasts restricted by an anti-propaganda law — is under fire for not telling the right lies about China. Please keep eating your own, you demented hawks.  …
I saw what  Most of us did. Italy. China Trump has caused 10’s of thousands of deaths #TrumpGenocide #TrumpOwnsEveryDeath
China has drawn up a draft policy to reclassify dogs as ‘pets’ rather than ‘food’ #SaturdayMotivation #PetDay #SaturdayThoughts  …
China gave preference to US than India..... Then how 
China's first Type 075 LHD (Landing Helicopter Dock) caught on fire this morning at the Hudong-Zhonghua Shipyard in Shanghai, according to local media.  …
It is funny how my conservative friends are so wrapped up in how China lied to us yet don't give a damn that their own president does it every day. #TrumpLiesPeopleDie #coronavirus
I thought Beijing sealed Wuhan off from China while Wuhan flights continued over world. FNC‘s Carlson: ‘We Have No Real Explanation for Why the Coronavirus Spread Throughout the West, but Not Throughout China‘  … via @BreitbartNews
This is about as stupid as it gets. While we are largely paralyzed with COVID-19 (and w/ nothing else to do), let’s precipitate a war with China  the alienation of all of our friends and allies by recognizing TW as an independent country. 
Not a fan of Bill Maher but this is the best 5 mins of TV I have seen this year. Bill just eviscerated his fellow Liberals for their politically correct & hypocritical love affair with totalitarian China & radical Islam  …
Bezos Post ran a lot of this Coronavirus trutherism in January/Feb, because US ruling class ideology says that China must always be wrong, with nefarious intent—and expressing approval for any policy China pursues is heresy. It's not just Trumpists.  …
Joe Biden defended China's one-child, forced abortion policy. He said: "I fully understand it." "I'm not second guessing it." If he can't even figure out that forcing women to have abortions is wrong he should NEVER be president! 
Chinese govt banned these platforms in China, but why CCP official and wumao can use it? They are violating their own law Social media platforms have the responsibility to help them stop breaking the law 
It's time for the #Trump administration to refuse them entry on the grounds they are representatives of an enemy of the United States. #China #OutNow
Maher understands that the primary beneficiary of this faux outrage over calling the virus by its accurate name is not Asian Americans supposedly living in fear of racism, but China itself, which has consistently tried to distance itself from the outbreak.  …
I’m not afraid of getting the Communist China virus. I’m afraid of Democrat state & local leaders who are overstepping their authority & trampling on civil rights.
THIS IS NOT HARD FOR ME TO BELIEVE BUT VERY SAD.Bitter Winter, a magazine focused on human rights in China, reported  authorities have prevented Christians from accessing live-streamed church services. #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
 the US to China.
"While China sends medical supplies to Latin America and the Caribbean, the Trump administration sends naval destroyers." 
China is kicking all the Africans out of their country. Again. No media outrage. Why is that? Imagine if Trump was doing it.
Chinese Communist Party developed Covid-19 as biological warfare but the virus escaped the lab in Wuhan to infect China and now the world. The CCP's lying about this and our media, WHO, corrupt politicians, etc., are helping to spread that lie.  …
Among the concerns officials had about  more aggressive with China in January was that they would lose access to information about the virus, and that pharmaceutical supply chains could be cut off  …
Tucker isn't the only person wondering about this phenomenon! China is a military-enforced, authoritarian society! When soldiers say shelter in place, they mean it! How many COVID-19 dead Chinese did the government dispose of without counting?  …
Wait, you really believe that Coronavirus2019 does not com from China? It started infecting people in Wuhan since December 2019. And with the help from WHO (which means Wuhan Health Organization) it spread all over the world right now. 
First sanction against China should be recognizing Taiwan as an independent country and open an embassy there.
Beijing claims a small Vietnamese fishing boat rammed one of its coast-guard ships in the South China Sea, rather than the other way around. It’s hard to imagine a more ludicrous story. The U.S. stands with Vietnam as it defends its citizens and sovereignty from CCP aggression.
Frankly, we should put our foot on China's throat and keep it there until the government closes the wet markets forever. But, we need to also fix our own wildlife problems, such as exotic pet ownership, captive breeding and invasive species. End the global #wildlife trade.
Eating human brains is also culture of some original inhabitants, but I don't see people defending them Everything  racism when they related to China Why the world is  like this? 
CCP is destroying human lives, culture, language, religion, you name it. This video is an example. It was owned by an Uyghur family, but CCP is destroying it because Uyghurs are not Han Chinese. Such acts are now wide-spread. CCP propaganda says “China has 56 minority races.” 
This is going to be a PR disaster for China. 1. First the Chinese Government lied about this pandemic, and the whole world knows they lied. 2. Then Chinese diplomats peddled silly conspiracy theories. 3. Then videos emerge showing obvious mistreatment of foreigners.
Coronavirus in China Cases: 81,953 Deaths: 3,339 Recoveries: 77,525
New from @dallasnews' @toddgillman: "As the world fights its way through a pandemic and flash recession, Sen. Ted Cruz is warning that Saudi Arabia and China have each misbehaved in ways that should make the U.S. wary — and may even lead to conflict.”  …
Facing Corona: (1) US gov't blames China, Dems, (2) bank CEOs blame gov't lack of plans, (3) Dems blame GOP, Trump. None blames capitalist system. How convenient for the system! 
#China has a lot of #coronavirus info it is keeping from the world. @BrendanCarrFCC will uncover it if he's allowed to go  …
And I take it that moron believes the  out of China? You'd have to be  liberal to believe that  …
I just hope we will get to a point where the Ventilators made by Kenyatta University will now start being exported and hopefully nobody pockets the money. We will really grow as a country and pay the loan we owe china. Plus jobs will be created and Hospitals be well equipped.
Both my parents have been to China multiple times. When I tell you they are some of the most racist people alive people tell me to be quiet. They may not care for outsiders...but black people are by and large to them the bottom of the totem pole. #isaidwhatisaid
Wow! Just Wow!! This is what happens when we Africans are not self-sustaining. I hope our African leaders don't look away. But no, they have, as a matter of fact, sold Africans to the Chinese. They maltreat us in China yet we worship them here. Africa receive sense. 
Translate //Nigerian Speaker of the House criticized China for the discrimination against them. Ambassador said no it was not true, the Speaker let him watch the video, Ambassador said he needs to check. CCP never admit to wrongdoings.//  …
BREAKING NEWS Finally FBI arrested a professor from Boston university who was in connection with Chinese university and research lab in Wuhan, and was highly paid by China.......Now it is very close to clear that corona virus is a Bio Attack planned and conducted by China.
Whaaats going On? America IS DEFOGGING from the CLEAR SKIES! YES AMERICA,go outside & snifff the CLEANEST AIR YULL WVER GET,without millions of GASSY JETS going & CHINA,CARS , my GOD THE WEATHER is returning too! Jet STREAMS ARE CLEAN,my GOD PLANET EARTH IS SAYING THANKYOU CRONA!
Amitabh Bachchan deletes a 'fun text' taking dig at China after facing flak on Twitter  …
"Can't we even have a pandemic without getting offended? ... It scares me that there are people out there who would rather die from the virus than call it by the wrong name." China virus, Wuhan virus, COVID-19, coronavirus,,. call it whatever you want but China is responsible.  …
Calling it the Chinese Virus could help humanity remember China in the future. After nationalism fades around the world, the names of countries will fall from the imagination like the names of so many minor kings today. The virus could give people a reason to remember China.
Loud & Emphatic : From @WhiteHouse ! Amid Pandemic, 'VoiceOfAmerica' Spends Your Money to Promote Foreign Propaganda ! Journalists should report Facts, but @VOANews has amplified #Beijing’s propaganda Intelligence Experts : Simply no way to verify Accuracy of #China Numbers  …
sure it is, now do China
Lovely. Chinese Communist Party going full out racist on African-origin people. While trying to tell African partners that China is the #COVID19 saviour. #cdnfp #cdnpoli  
It's time for conscious uncoupling from China, whatever the heck that means. #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChinaVirus #DecouplefromChina  
Just look at what Trump said as recently as mid-January — when his PDB reportedly was filled with ominous warnings about China’s stonewalling over the impending pandemic. He thanked Xi and said he expected to see him IN CHINA soon.  
Exactly. The Trump ad's overt racism obscures - and understandably so - the broader point: Trump has been consistently soft on China, incl w/ coronavirus. If Trump had echoed Biden's approach from Day 1, we and the  could be in a better spot.  …
Tesla in the MEDIA 2012: Going belly up soon 2013:  2014: Can't mass produce 2015: Cars in parking lots 2016: Selling cars at a loss 2017: Can't sell once fed tax break is gone 2018: Competition from big 3 2019:  in China 2020: Tesla is 6 year ahead 
The US Congress has written to @WHO accusing them of helping China to downplay & coverup the extent of #Covid_19, for not blaming China and instead praising it for fighting COVID. The Congress has demanded for documents  btn WHO & China since August 2019. 
China is now blaming black people for the virus. They’re evicted from homes and banned from public transit. 
Stay strong @rahulkanwal . Being Strong is in your genes. Last, the troll #kavitakrishnan made Amitabh Bacchan ji delete a tweet for his opinion against China. I hope you will stand by the current reporting, which is all about truth. The country is with you for this  …
A Thai photographer inadvertently referred to #HongKong as a country This caused Chinese nationalists to lose their minds Now Thai twitter is at a war with #China on the #nnevvy hashtag It seems #Thailand supports #HongKong and #Taiwan Wumao are so good at making new  …
This is one of the few times in my lifetime that I agree with Bill Maher! Maher: ‘We Should Blame China’ for Coronavirus, ‘Not Racist’ to Say Eating Bats Is ‘Crazy’  … via @BreitbartNews #trumptrain1111 #WWG1WGA
"With an adversary [China] who lacks our values, sometimes the only smart cooperation is no cooperation at all." — @anderscorr China Covered Up the Virus, How Should the U.S. Respond? | A debate between Anders Corr and Fran Townsend  …
We deserve to know why Taiwan was ignored and China was listened to. We need answers. 
 … Bill Maher defies liberal PC police - Says China can't be given a pass on this because the media says it's racist. Says China is clearly at fault here
Secretary xi is in trouble within China. According to my sources within, the party elite want xi gone. The Guangdong elite (Uncle Deng’s family) are beginning to rattle the cages of change against the supposed “emperor for life”. #XiJinping #china #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied
If China concealed numbers of deaths of medical staff liberals would be going mental about the “brutal authoritarian regime”  …
“We’ve been informed that from now on black people are not allowed to enter the restaurant,” says a notice on this video sent to me by a Zimbo in China. Chinese racism  by their Government should be condemned. Don’t buy anything from a Chinese business in Zimbabwe. RT 
Chinese is a fraud if this is from China
6/  in the West, meanwhile, should take care not to make the same mistake and exult in China's present difficulties. Western policies toward the continent are, in general, woeful and a mess, and feeling good about a perceived Chinese setback won't change that.
#ignorance knows no #borders #China just happened to be first The #CoronavirusOutbreak existence is nobody’s fault But How we #respond is on us #TakeCare of each other An Asian-American Doctor on Challenges of Fighting COVID-19 |  …
I don’t want to hear ANY BLACK PERSON screaming racist when we criticise China. Black people living in China are now being persecuted because of the vicious propaganda being circulated by the government that “foreigners” are bringing the virus into China. I am fuming. 
Small businesses in Wuhan, China, are re-opening but worries about the #coronavirus are still hurting 
Maher: ‘We Should Blame China’ for Coronavirus, ‘Not Racist’ to Say Eating Bats Is ‘Crazy’  …
How China is using QR codes to track if people have coronavirus: 
We’ve gone from CHINA IS FAR AWAY to ITALY WON’T HAPPEN HERE to ACTUALLY DEATH IS NORMAL.
5/ The  is obsessed with African politics as a horse race between China and the US, or China versus the West. Africans are perfectly capable of being dissatisfied with both, and not  a  or something to be "won."
US accuses China of 'xenophobia' in treatment of Africans  
#Australia has had enough. These #China ppl keep getting milk power after others recognized they already got 4 tons in other shops. He even throw his masks to others. Shame on him. It's not too late for #Australian to stay away from 
What the HECK is happening? The entire world is locked down, following China’s lead. Insanity Countries are demanding “papers” before citizens can travel freely Drones are flying over US cities, telling citizens via loudspeakers to separate What about civil liberties?
“The same way we have protected the Chinese here, we expect them to reciprocate the safety of Kenyans who are in China,” Dr. Amoth. #KomeshaCorona 
BREAKING: The United States has a population of 330 million, while Italy has a population of 60 million and China has lied about every single aspect of its handling of this virus so believing its death toll is foolish.  …
The families of those that China burned alive would still like for them to be counted, thanks.  …
Trudeau says he is saving “our collective future”. Fake follower of the WHO, UN and China. He supports fake climate change and a carbon tax on an economy has caused to fail. What happened to our once great energy industry on his watch.
This story is just deceitful & responsible journalists should call it out. First, it makes no mention that China’s 3,339 #is certainly “an underestimation.” And second, it ignores the per capita context  to US, Spain’s deaths are 6x, Italy’s 5x, France 3x, UK 2.5x.  …
Navarro, who had a fight with Fauci over the travel ban and was kept off the task force, was viewed as an anti-China obsessive who wouldn’t stay in his own lane. So his memo prompted rolled eyes. Having the stark estimates in writing didn’t please potus  …
Fcuk china #CKMKB They are a stigma on Human race.. Look at how China cheats the world. These are “medical supplies.” #CoronaVirusUpdates 
. @JoeBiden loves China. #HunterBidenJoeBiden collusion with the Chinese is at everyone’s sight. The Biden’s and the #GlobalistElite don’t care about Americans. We must #StopBiden2020 . 
UPDATE: Ugandan mother living in #China in tears as she has been feeding her 2 children water because of Coronavirus-fuelled Xenophobia. She cannot go out to buy food and landlord gave her 2 days to vacate apartment. Africans being targetted 
The government is in discussion with the Chinese Embassy in both countries to ensure that Kenyans in China are protected and their rights are not violated because of COVID-19; Dr. Patrick Amoth, Ag. Director General, Health Services.. #KomeshaCorona 
Absolutely correct! Taiwan is not China Hong Kong is not China Only the virus was made in China #ChinaLiedPeopleDied 
“Xi locked down all air traffic from Wuhan to the rest of China, but...not to the rest of the world. It’s as if they said, “Well, we’re going under, so we might as well bring the rest of the world down with us.” This is not the behavior of a responsible international state actor” 
Dear China, Many people from China have been saying to many Thais that they don’t have moms. Have you ever considered, if you do have a mom, that saying this means your mom or your country never taught you manners? ฝากไว้ให้คิดค่ะ #nnevvy PS. Taiwan and Hong Kong are not China
trump still does not understand even the most basic economic issues after theee years. He thinks China pays for tariffs, he thinks payroll tax reductions helps those not on a payroll, and he thinks he controls the business of each state. It is debilitating that he is such a fool
จีน: hk and Taiwan are a part of china ไทย: 
Our attitude is clear, firm & consistent: ZERO tolerance for racial discrimination. NOTHING can change such a position. Communication, including constructive criticism is  That will help any party concerned to improve its working methods & reduce  …
Jewish-Chinese alliance in the making for decades -- both with Israel and international Jewry. China wants access to high Western tech via Israel and to Jewish financial network. Meanwhile, Justine Trudeau spends day crying like a girl over racism.  …
A kumanyoko ain't even enough for China
This week, modeling from the China data @TheLancet called for "real-time monitoring" to prevent a 2nd wave. Testing for infection and/or antibody cannot be considered as a real time surveillance tool. At best, it is a one-off, not continuous metric  … 
David Bowie – VH1 Storytellers (1999) Life On Mars? Rebel Rebel Thursday’s Child Can’t Help Thinking About Me China Girl Seven Drive-In Saturday Word On A Wing. Plus Bonus Performances ~ Video of the Day ~  …
China should get used to this, they are and should be global pariahs for unleashing the #WuhanVirus on the world and lying about it for  …
HEARTBREAKING There should of been a plan & procedure in place, the city in China where the virus hit hard is at a stable level, because of action & proper procedure. We depended on someone who has trouble coloring a numbered picture, Trump needs to be held accountable 
The city of Laredo was so desperate for COVID-19 test kits that it jumped on an offer to get in on a shipment from China -- with the help of @RepCuellar -- that turned out to not be authorized by the FDA and were then seized by DHS, by  …
F$&k China. (Freedom of speech censored so China can read it)
And things only got worse after Nixon - successor presidents handed Communist Chinese all the diplomatic, economic, military & political help they wanted - until Trump The Worst Part of Nixon's Legacy Isn't Watergate. It's China.  … #Columns via @pjmedia_com
WHO advisor Bruce Aylward dodged a reporter's question about Taiwan (excluded from the UN system by China) by pretending to hang up. Shameful. More evidence of China's corruption of the @WHO & ongoing manipulation of what people see & hear. Not  …
china diseased their own pigs to start this outbreak by creating a vaccuum. now bc of dirty politicians the pigs are slaughtered here but the pork processing goes to china. contaminated then shipped back here for distribution. it's in the meat not the air so keeps popping up 
There are a bunch of replies to this tweet that make excuses for trolls harassing Jiayang. I don't care if you love China or hate China, if you condone or excuse highly toxic targeted harassment, you are worthless, cowardly scum.  …
Delays were reported Saturday after #China began requiring additional inspections on exported medical supplies as reports of paper-thin PPE and Faulty masks are distributed worldwide! #coronavirus #PPE #facemasks  …
The truth is taiwan isn’t a part of china. Chinese be like : 
CHINA is the epitome of caveman thinking IMO. It’s hard to believe, in the 21st century, people allow themselves to live like this. And that people actually want to force others into this way of life in the land of the Free. America.  …
Republicans own this! @realDonaldTrump Should have been removed when they had the chance. It's APRIL 11, AND THERE STILL ARE NOT ENOUGH TESTS! NOT ENOUGH MASKS! NOT ENOUGH VENTILATORS! That's not China's fault... 
Is it relevant that China has 5X the population of the US & we are closing in on 5X more dead & they had a 2.5 month head start? Your turn.
Saturday means Watters' World Day! Joining @JesseBWatters tonight: #DrFauci @RudyGiuliani China Expert @StevenWMosher Biorisk Expert #PattyOlinger Tune in tonight #FoxNews 8PM ET.
Wonder why Taiwan with 300M people has only 6 coronavirus deaths? While the world was sleeping, they noticed #China's actions early and took swift and effective action to mitigating the pandemic within its own borders.  …
So let me get this straight.. China reopens Wuhan, and the WHO says nothing. But when America begins considerations to reopen the US, the WHO warns America not to reopen. Ask yourself this.. Why does the WHO want China open and America closed? 
It seems that the Elephant in the Room with the Falklands is China. It has been busy courting Argentina and already has a space tracking facility there. Some of its propaganda organs have produced material suggesting a future attack with Chinese help.  …
Even assuming China underreported, when all is said and done, pretty likely the US will have far more infections.
I have loaded video on China is India's Enemy No.1(Pt. II) on ISRG. Involved in disruptive activities against India- supports Pak on Kashmir, NE militants, Naxalite, encroaches border, encircled India thru "String Of Pearls", occupying n claims territory 
If you want to implement electronic fascism to fight the virus, don't bother waiting around for that here. You can just go ahead and move to China or Iran right now and see the live examples of your authoritarian control project. Take your pick!
Should've been Dubois-Joyce tonight @PDChina @China 
Is it relevant China has 4x the population of the US?  …
You forgot Clinton Built China into exactly what they are
Thailand and China should stop arguing. Both countries have a lot  to unite them. Just look at this photo. So similar! 
“Forced abortions. Forced late term abortions.” The most evil thing China did, yet you can’t mention that.  …
On Jan. 30, Azar spoke w POTUS, who was on AF1, by phone. Azar warned of a pandemic and wanted to criticize China. POTUS told him to stop panicking, said China had enough to deal with w/o the public critique. The China flight pull down came the next day  …
Below chart shows the ratio of total #COVIDー19 cases to overall #population of each country. Out of the 8 countries with most reported cases, Spain (0.35%) has the highest ratio while China (0.01%) has the lowest. 
China had COVID19 in its lab for 7 years according to WSJ  …
My first private lesson to a student in China and I ended up drawing on my hand to explain the difference between the vulgar and verdadera destreza grips. This may look odd but it is right when holding the sword. #verdaderadestreza 
we are now happy about KU innovation to make ventilators , kicotec and Rivatex making masks ...when the pandemic is over let’s not go back to import “cheaper “ones from China. Support this ventures to be strong and their prices will  -that’s what self reliance mean.
The left and MSM laughed at Trump when he announced the creation of a 'Space Force' Trump is a forward thinker, unlike the Obama/Biden admin. Trump understood, while they ignored. #VoteRedToSaveAmerica2020 The looming threat from China in space  …
This is the guy s want me to listen to, In d original edition of this Eyes of Darkness 1981 book the virus wasn't developed in Wuhan 400 (China) it was Gorki 400 (Russia). The book was republished years later after the cold War and the location was changed. Rich dad no research  …
My to go list after corona pandemic ends - Dujiangyan ancient irrigation system in Sichuan of SW China, an irrigation and flood control project constructed around 256BC. 
Lots of talk about getting more PPE out there. Little interest in the fact China supplied defective PPE. Why?
Wow. In February, I wrote a piece outlining that scenario which threaded together a plausible scenario that fit known evidence/authoritarianism. Now China's best investigative outlet on the pandemic says that may be what happened.   …
So yesterday sweet little Belgium finally passed China on total deaths from the Wuhan Flu Coronavirus. Either China is very good at containing the epidemic and treating the virus or they’re terrible at lying because they picked such ridiculous unrealistic numbers. 
. @realDonaldTrump warned us about Communist China in 2016; 65 million people listened, the rest put on vagina hats, and have been trying to impeach him. What will it take for the rest of you to wake tf up? #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #ChineseVirus19 #CCPVirus 
Pictures, videos: Communist China continues removing crosses from state-run churches  …
Rapid test kits from China not reached us yet, got diverted to US: TN Chief Secy  …
“African officials are confronting China publicly and in private over mistreatment of Africans in the Chinese city of Guangzhou, and the U.S. says African-Americans have been targeted, too.”  …
Okay Bill... I hate your politics. But at least we agree... China is asshole.  …
Article fails to mention that no  is currently allowed to provide  services in China (and never will) WaPo: Trump administration moves against Chinese telecom firms citing national security  …
Thank you. This is the funniest news I’ve ever read. Why the great china have to be afraid of just one game
She did no wrong on  The word ‘รายง่ะ’ has nothing negative. It can imply that she was too shy in talking directly. So, why does you make such a big deal on ‘Taiwanese girl’s style’? There is no context against China. #nnevvy 
Next thing we know the Demotwats will be pushing a Bill to outsource our elections to China ... they’re for all intents and purposes doing that indirectly as we speak !!!  …
You know it's a strange world when I'm  a Bill Maher fan. Maher: -Yes, it's the Wuhan Virus. -China is responsible. -Take off your PC tinfoil hat. #WetMarkets are 
A city in southern China has ordered bars and restaurants not to serve African-looking customers, citing an increase in coronavirus cases from abroad. A recent cluster of cases have been linked to the African   
How China Is Remaking the UN In Its Own Image. China’s attempts to make the UN a tool for achieving its hegemonic ambition could end up destroying the body from within.  …
Problem with WHO toeing the Beijing One China line is ; *Taiwan is a democracy that has never surrendered to China's rule *China lied to the world about the virus, Taiwan tried to warn WHO *WHO is a health organization, not a political body cc  …
Excellent HFNC/CPAP recs based on Italy, China + NYC exp @emcrit  HFNC + CPAP critical to avoid intubation - Neg pressure room ideal. Alt - all provider in airborne PPE - HFNC + mask, CPAP closed circuit Good way to disseminate useful #COVID19FOAM 
So much to look forward to thanks to China 
China appears to be rounding up African residents. 
The Trump campaign released the ad at a time of rising xenophobia and violence in the U.S. aimed at Chinese-Americans. Bigots blame them and other Asian-Americans for the outbreak of the coronavirus, which originated in China. 
Breathtaking: 1,000 drones take to the skies to salute heroes in China's #coronavirus 
Jim who? North Dakota isn't doing very well right now b/c of your trade war with China.  …
All of this brings up issues of privacy. It is notable that in Germany, the @rki_de(CDC equivalent for the US) got behind a smartwatch app and quickly over 160,000 participants opted-in. Mandatory geolocation apps, such as used in China would not be acceptable in the US. 7/x
Great article from Avendaño, once again, hitting the proverbial nail on the head. Thank you, we need more journalists like you. Bill Maher dice la verdad sobre China y los «liberales americanos» no se lo perdonan  …
This almost shows proof that China is lying about information they are providing. Even states at one point that it could of been earlier than thought, after saying patient zero was on 11/17 from Hubei. As long as they lie, answers will be lost #F4  …
"don't use zoom Chyna will track you" He said in a building made of chinese steel, using products manufactured in china bro you shipped industry overseas and you're worried about chyna seeing your dickpics? Is Xing Lu gonna call up and say your peepee smol?
Some good news for planet, animals, and environment in China China’s producers are viewing the current climate as a time for more quality-controlled food, he confirms.⁠ #SwitchToPlantBased  …
Was anybody talking about healthy diets when China and Italy had a high number of deaths?
Chinese Wet a Market Flu? Or the Wet Markets of China’s Flu?  …
Trump's 'closing the border' with China did nothing to affect the spread of COVID-19 in America 
Except for China. China lied.
An Idiot’s Guide 2 Not Getting Reelected: Ignore intel report of pandemic in Nov Call opposition concern a hoax Spread false info Send PPE to China Blame Obama, impeachment then, failing that, China Reopen America when virus is just beginning in most states #OPENAMERICANOW
If grocery stores are open for hundreds of shoppers who want to buy food to be fed churches should be open for those who want to be spiritually fed! The China virus is being overblown & those who are not pushing to have the country reopened are part of the problem!
The result is that China’s “politically motivated misinformation tragically leads to unnecessary Canadian deaths,” he said.  …
Africans as well as African-Americans suffer racist mistreatment in China amid #COVID19 fears. Chinese bars, restaurants, hotels & some businesses refuse to serve clients who appear to be of African origin, & spread rumours that the Africans cause  …
GOP Demands Answers from WHO About China and 'Worst Cover-Up in History,' Trump Taking Action Next Week 
My friend this creature are NOT Chinese species not belong culture China tradition ancestory. China are belong Chinese people alway. Chinese are descend dragon bn are descend  …
Akwaaba Ghana to the league of African Governments that stand up for their people against Chinese racism to Africans, when we all know that the Coronavirus started in China not Africa! 
If these Ugandans in China are illegal immigrants, the right way would be to arrest and deport them! Authorities banding up with nationals to taunt, deny them services...racially profile &discriminate against them only proves one thing, China is RACIST!
Adapt. Google and Apple are planning a release of new software to phones that will trace people using Bluetooth tech in the phone. Already in use in Singapore and China. Don't carry your phone. More Orwellian controls in the name of FAKE pandemic.  …
CCP please block 2gether in China! 
China's ambassador to Ghana is summoned over the inhumane treatment meted on Ghanaians and other Africans in China. Condemning the attacks, Ghana's minister of Foreign Affairs says "a  ...will be issued within the next 24 hours to address the situation." MMI 
 are together with Pakistan in the fight against COVID-19: Haier Pakistan 2nd batch of protective material will be handed over to NDMA next week. #ChinaPakSolidarity @ImranKhanPTI @ForeignOfficePk @MFA_China @zlj517 @WorldPTV @RadioPakistan 
#COVID19 ____________[fill the blank] Warns against relaxing lockdowns too quickly. 1. Democrats 2. China 3. Bill Gates 4. WHO 5. All of the Above 
Hello world I'm from THAILAND TW & HK is not China but #WuhanVirus from CHINA
Before you say "buh, buh, what about China miscounting?" please reflect on how you came to the conclusion that, at best, having the second most deaths was totally fine and cool.  …
This is the end of the US empire, China returns to the normality of daily life, while the West cannot control anything.  …
EU puts anti-dumping duties on stainless steel from China, Indonesia and Taiwan  
Bet Neil Doncaster didn’t think somecunt eating a bat in China would get him his jotters.
Did they call him a xenophobe when he ordered the China travel restrictions?  …
USA Today’s opinion page editors are picking some good stuff. “China needs to be isolated from the civilized world until its behavior improves.”  …
Why can't China play baseball? Because they ate all the fucking bats
Congratulations to the Trump campaign on their new gold medal in the "backfiring" category. "Trump repeatedly praised China's handling of the coronavirus in January and February."  …
What kind of human garbage would do this to their fellow human beings??? THIS is why people all over the world are growing to HATE China & businesses in China. China has only itself to blame!  …
#CoronaOutbreak that started in Wuhan, China has now reached 214 countries around the world out of which 163 of them have now reported fatalities. According to @orfonline's #CoronaTracker the number of confirmed #Covid_19 cases are at 1,191,606. Visit:  
So the evictions specifically target Black foreigners. It's strange that China the govt. simultaneously protests discrimination against Chinese in the diaspora (rightfully so) but engages in baseless discrimination against Black Africans.  …
" @Austynzogs: @Gidi_Traffic LMAO!!! This man say its 'Toyota virus' and claims China is dropping it via Car ACs #LockdownLagos 
More from Guangzhou as African migrants led through the city followed by police #China 
To be clear: it is not only Iran, China and other countries undercounting the #COVIDー19 deaths. We are  …
The White House attacks U.S.-government-funded VOA for promoting Chinese propaganda with U.S. tax dollars. It says that, "while much of the U.S. media takes its lead from China," VOA has gone "one step further" by trusting China's dubious COVID-19 figures.  …
They once were rolling drugs illegally next to my Parents house until the NDLEA took a swipe at them . All 5 Chinko guys were in Nigeria with fake visas printed in China.
The media's qs at the press conference are sickening, supine balls. It's all exit strategies and Boris anecdotes rather than why we've allowed the equivalent of 100 Hillsboroughs, why we've overtaken Iran in cases, why we've got three times as many deaths as China. Current mood: 
FCC asked to revoke China  authorization to operate in U.S.  …
Wow. Some unexpected straight talk from @billmaher about the Chinese virus. Is it possible this pandemic could help liberals and conservatives  ground as we realize we were attacked by China? Hope so. Sooner or later something has to give way.  …
*I’m high* what if covid-19 is an ancient virus that came from melted ice caps but the world governments all decided to blame China so we wouldn’t had to admit that dangerous effects of global warming
Why is it “China cheats the world” and not the name of the  This is an irresponsible tweet that promotes racism and xenophobia. We expect better from an imam of peace.  …
In regards to the China travel ban I've seen this: "38 countries banned China travel before he did. So did ALL major U.S. Air carriers. 40k people arrived after the ban. No screening. No testing. The ban didn't even apply to U.S. citizens." Can anybody verify these numbers?
Zhang Wenhong, expert of Shanghai’s Covid-19 task force, dismissed saying that Wuhan has many cases unreported. “If that is the case, how dare we reopen Wuhan”. Yes, no one is totally sure about the mysterious virus, but equally few outside China knew Wuhan’s draconian lockdown
This video is worth watching. Honestly, while I've never been to China I did find it a bit hard to believe that the average 'wet market' is just this thing where you can go buy all these exotic animals to butcher and eat. It just seems a bit bizarre on the face of it.  …
Over 1 million people effected by a virus and nearly 100K people worldwide killed,  silence on the Chinese regime that killed them! China has blood on their hands and must at a heavy price for this!!
The strands of information were there in retrospect. Why did China move so aggressively, the cruise ship that suggested this was much more infectious than the Chinese data would suggest. Some saw it : @ScottGottliebMD @ChristosArgyrop Even Steve Bannon! 32/n
Dont normally go to church but I'm going tomorrow as a fuck u to the devil and china for making the virus
For those unfamiliar with butterfly effect, a man in China bought a bat and now Tom Brady is playing online poker.
