Remember when the media endlessly covered  about “concentration camps” on the Southern Border? I wonder why they aren’t endlessly covering the concentration camps in China, America’s greatest enemy?
How much is China paying you?  …
Tweeted this already. Doing it again. And this is the problem with the "well, ackhsually China blah blah blah" from supposedly responsible people. Time and attention are limited resources. And Trump is burning them up on salving his ego.  …
We need to be careful we don’t let our fears cloud our thinking. These graphs, which came out a few days ago, would seem to suggest that mortality is much greater for #COVID-19 than for influenza in China and South…  …
China 10 weeks ago: There is no virus. China 8 weeks ago: Okay there is a virus, but it's not serious. China 4 weeks ago: Okay the virus is serious but it wasn't our fault. China today: Viruses are good and we take full responsibility for unleashing this into the world.  …
Does anybody else get the feeling that there’s another shoe to drop w/ the #CCPvirus #pandemic? Sure, “Mother Nature” gave this disease to the world, but don’t y’all think #China‘s planned for such an event? Bringing all their people home seems like a prelude to something bad.  …
The downside of being the last of the northern hemisphere's 4 major population centers to get the disease. The upside is we get to see how it progresses. But all the PPE is made in India, Korea, and China... and they ain't parting with it no matter how much tRump wants to order.
China Travel ban in January. Not to mention, Schiff and Dems were busy impeaching at the time.
We will pass Italy in #of cases by next week, and pass China by the week after at the latest. Math is math and our curve is very steep.
China must be responsible for what they have done.  …
The western world criticised #China for its early-stage response to  unknown virus. China was first responder; so we could see  China responded with haste, purpose and discipline once the #PennyDropped What's our 
A Bei for the day. SunBEI movie! We'll be out of town for several days, so I uploaded a longer version. Please enjoy. #panda @houseofcubs @NationalZoo #China #Bifengxia #雅安碧峰峡基地 #beibei 
...if President Biden allowed into this country the 400 THOUSAND from China Trump stopped. America under @JoeBiden would be melting down with infection and death now. I am also amazed at how quickly Trump has made things happen, from the FDA to  on board...
I think the left is working with the right on the China Virus, because all of a sudden they are faced with the reality the people want what the right is offering more than what the has been selling...
Did the @NSAGov bust China's coronavirus cover-up? 
How many industries are now totally dominated by a single factory in China selling under a number of names with very minor variations in logos and packaging? I was looking for a boar bristle brush and all but those few surviving  are obviously the same brush.
Never laugh at anyone’s misfortune: When China was struggling with #CoronavirusPandemic, some Indians were seeing it an opportunity to export more. That was not only insensitive but pure stupidity. Now, China out of #CoronavirusCrisis & India  …
Pampeo accuses #China, #Russia, #Iran, #Iraq of spreading misinformation, they lie they cheat they steal they even have classes on how to , US Gov Blames Coronavirus On ANYONE But Itself As Americans STILL Being RefusedTesting ...  via 
Per @JohnsHopkins, the US now has 25,493 #coronavirus cases. US is now in 3rd place, surpassing Spain, Germany, Iran and France over the past 2 days. US is now 3rd behind Italy and China. @realdonaldtrump promised us it would be zero by now. 
Social distancing is essential. But let's do the whole job: test widely, follow up all contacts of the infected, quarantine and isolate the infected and their contacts. It has worked in China and Singapore. It will work here. Failure to do this will kill.  …
Lmao if families in China or North Korea did something like this Americans will call them authoritarian and start craving for war against them  …
I'm sure you thought the Russian collusion hoax was racist as well, or is only China that counts
Coronavirus hope: China reports THIRD day of no new local cases  …
China IS bad. They're a capitalist police-state that has  the manufacturing proletariat propping up the American bourgeoisie consumerism.
I agree. We have to do what China did and  an authoritarian state when  to a pandemic. Time for the animal catcher people to round them up with lassoes like they do in China. And that is for not wearing a mask!
The US is locked in a trap now. Effective lockdown results in fewer deaths, but then seems an overreaction The narrative *requires* that China is lying about total number of deaths. Meanwhile, China can *show* the truth, further eroding US credibility.
For multiple reasons: Clinton got us in bed with China. Clinton continues to support Communists. Clinton continues to help Commies in the media. Clinton refuses to condemn China for anything. See a pattern????
And yes, this is a subtweet on Trump’s “blame China for coronavirus” campaign.
Good morning Wild Great Wall Beijing, People’s Republic of China By Benjamin Lefebvre 
In two weeks Trump will have closed Mexican border, amped up manufacturing in US vs China, zero interest rates and massive stimulus from Congress. He will have his America First agenda in full swing. He will claim curve is flattened enough and we will have a limited return 2 norm
We ARE totally different to Italy & Italy IS totally different to China. China is totally different to the rest of us- because they BOIL DOGS ALIVE before eating them. ( sorry animal lovers but it just had to be said as heartbreaking as it is) and that’s not even the worst of it  …
“ … Russian officials are “classifying coronavirus deaths as pneumonia deaths.” Exactly what I suggested China--which must be engaged in an even larger, ongoing cover-up--is doing. Both countries undoubtedly engaging in a “don’t test, don’t tell” cover-up as well.
What does blaming China  Not one goddamn thing.
Actually Wrong !! Italy was the First to banned all flights from China on Jan 31st the U.S. banned ( partial ) flights from China on Feb 4th, Sadly it did not make much of a differences
I badly want my prescription medicines and everyone else's not to be made in China anymore. Please stop this.
Japan was one of first countries outside of China hit by the coronavirus and now it’s one of the least-affected among developed nations. That’s puzzling health experts  … Unlike China’s draconian isolation measures, Japan has imposed no lockdown.
There isn’t one. He’s more worried about blaming China than saving American lives.
The US has leapfrogged over every other country but Italy and China. 25k cases and climbing rapidly. This is the trajectory due entirely to Trump refusing to aggressively test and screen cases to limit spread. 6 week delay is the reason. This is on Trump.
#DumpTrump Only this racist, malignant regime would exploit a pandemic to stoke tensions and discord between the US and China with a smear campaign. Especially when the US is in a perilously weakened state and about to get much worse. What good can  of this?
So tell me what specifically he's done. Every industry he promised help to failed. The coal mines - bankrupt. Farmers - bankrupt. Manufacturing - in China. Even his own branded goods & the bedding at his hotels are made in China. He's done nothing but line his own pockets.
Imagine when you think "covid 19" is finished and then china releases "covid 19 S plus"
Also just a reminder Congress is still trying to abolish end to end encryption and bring America another step closer to the Orwellian hellscape that is China
It’s as if they think we only care about celebrities who get sick or infected with this China flu. They have loads of money, their own private doctors, cooks, nannies for their kids, & bodyguards. Sorry if I’m not fretting over them, care more about 
Trump is laying out the narrative that closing down the border to China saved 1000’s of lives. It was a half measure & too late. He stalled for weeks downplaying it. We must not let him get away with this lie.
If you agree that @potus Trump should NOT lift tariffs on China for us to receive medical supplies, pls vote and RT. Not sure how we'd guarantee the virus is not inserted into the supplies b4 they ship here. It's a matter of trust for America's health.
They are trying to scapegoat China, to pin the blame on their ineptitude. The Trump admin knew about the virus in Dec, 2019. Trump called it a hoax. Said it was no worse than the flu. Told people to go to work. Said it was contained, countless times. They knew about it MONTHS ago
Anyone who asserts that a nationwide outbreak will inevitably reoccur in China might want to watch this short video, by a Japanese reporter, about life in China as the country returns to work  …
To hell with the lip service. China can't be trusted and they've proved it.  …
Look, we are at a point where we are running out of ideas, there ARE lessons to be learned from China. If there weren’t & this was some propaganda conspiracy why send drs to Italy. You can hold this view without thinking the chinese stats is ethical 
Why are you, and Democrats so offended because it is called the China virus ?? — it originated in Wuhan, CHINA.  …
Nothing made in China lasts very long so this virus shouldn’t be around much longer.
Two of the biggest "beneficiaries" of China's Belt and Road initiative have been Iran and Italy. How's THAT working out for them?
"Protecting Americans’ health also means fighting infectious diseases. We are coordinating with the Chinese gov't & working closely together on the coronavirus outbreak in China. My admin will take all necessary steps to safeguard our citizens from this threat." DJT SOTU 2020
Feb 2: The first death from COVID-19 outside China is reported by the WHO in the Philippines.
Jan 31st President Trump declares a national health emergency and imposes a ban on travel to and from China. Chuck Schumer & Joe Biden calls Trump’s decision “hysterical xenophobia and fear-mongering.”
#MakeChinaPay Reporations - Force China to relieve our debt. - Establish #CoronaVirus Victim Relief Fund through tariffs. - Stop VA & DOD purchases of medical equipment from China.
Just read through that article, and on another note, they list the factors of why Italy's rates are so high but ignore the unique relationship Northern Italy has with China (and particulary, the Wuhan Province).
Contacts in China provide Mexican criminal groups with everything from counterfeit luxury goods to chemical precursors for making fentanyl. But with the spread of the coronavirus, shipments from China have dried up and the cartels are feeling the pinch.  …
“It is difficult to discern any disadvantage to the United States in passing this legislation.” - Treasury Secretary @LHSummers in testimony pushing the China trade deal that offshored U.S. manufacturing   …
‘Trump on China: 'I wish they'd told us earlier' about coronavirus’ China reported to the WHO late December @realDonaldTrump  …
Because some geniuses thought it was a good idea to grant China most favored nation trade partner status. Do you happen to know of any such geniuses who supported that and empowered China to displace our manufacturing capacity with their cheap labor? I can name some for you.
It’s important to know that trump’s recent pivot on China isn’t just cynical but a naked attempt to deflect from his own staggering (and ongoing!)  in preparing for the virus. 
《Japan was one of the first countries outside of China hit by the coronavirus and now it’s one of the least-affected among developed nations. That’s puzzling health experts.》 Where Is Coronavirus Explosion Expected in Japan? - Bloomberg  …
Despite retards with Tourette syndrome repeating "China Virus" and posting dog torture gore videos all day long, China and Chinese people look so much better in this than the unsolidaric diversity hellhole that is stealing masks from Italy and makes plans to attack Iran.  …
Why did you use quotation marks? Are you suggesting China did not cover up the coronavirus outbreak? Nothin like siding with  regime amirite
Trump can't attack an invisible enemy, so he attacks China. This will blow up fast.
Australia relays solely on China for all our manufacturing needs as we actually produce very little allowing this to happen was done deliberately by our own government read up on the Lima agreement the people have been sold out continually  …
Flight CCA983 arrived yesterday at LAX around 7:00 p.m. local time. Same as the day before. And the day before that. Air China: PEK (Beijing) to LAX (Los Angeles). Trump never 'stopped' the borders.
Well if the left believes the below tweet is plausible, then surely they think President Trump saved over a billion lives by restricting travel from China so quickly - & he got a rash of crap for it. Ben, please tweet your appreciation to the man who may have saved billions.  …
China lied about the virus going from person to person, let millions leave Wuhan, travel the world infecting and killing people. China CAUSED this. To NOT hold them responsible is asinine! Every American needs to send them the bill for lost $in our 401ks. Flood their mail!
Larry Summers was the Treasury Secretary who pushed the China trade deal that offshored U.S. manufacturing. This question is like a fox asking why the henhouse is empty right after the fox just feasted on all the poultry  …
But what is most absurd is that it is an article about why we shouldn’t instigate lockdowns in Western countries using the example of the virus receding in China—where they used massive lockdowns.
#suechina Pls sign: #Petition to President Donald Trump to hold China’s government accountable for the #coronavirus #ChineseVirus  …  …
Trump blames Obama, blames China, and will blame Congressional Democrats next for the virus's devastation. This will be a long war, and Trump is the last person we want at the helm in 2021. The key to fighting this virus over the long term is to get rid of the idiot in Nov.
Trump defends action in early days of coronavirus crisis, blames China for being 'secretive' ... it was True Leadership by President Trump that’s kept America’s Fatality Rate Low thus far !! ⁦  …
Flu-like symptoms spread through 5G. The first city to  set up with 5G? Wuhan, China. Chemtrails, metal in your body - plates, screws, mercury fillings, make you a receptor. The answer? Increased spirituality. Great vid. @realDonaldTrump @HHS @CDC @WHO  …
dark emptiness of tree-lined Wuhan streets my life and dreams shrink to the size of a laptop screen  #5lines #tanka #poetry #micropoetry #poem #Wuhan #China #Coronavirus #Covid19
CHINA.... WHERE THIS VIRUS STARTED, IS A PLACE OF SUFFERING AND EVIL.... INHUMANE PRACTICES IN BY INSENSITIVE PEOPLE, WHO FEEL NOTHING FOR OTHER LIVING CREATURES.... LIMITING POPULATION TROUGH ABORTION IS SOMETHING THE DEMOCRATS COPIED FROM CHINA.... EVIL IS OUR RUINATION....
A CCP propaganda post saying the #CCPvirus epidemic is out of control in major world powers is spreading widely across Chinese chat platforms. It calls overseas Chinese students to return to China. 
Let us not forget that China's mishandling of this crisis was the cause of all this. The Chinese government took action against whistle blower doctors. They kept the truth. A free world is better. Much better.  …
OPINION: For the Sake of Mankind, End China’s Wet Food Markets. End Them Now. 
Why is this a bad thing? It’s true that China orchestrated a massive coverup of the coronavirus pandemic and then tried to blame the US for it. Chinese social media is full of anti-US conspiracy theories, being amplified by state media.  …
Area former Secretary of the Treasury when China joined the WTO and was granted Permanent Normal Trade Relations has questions about why we don't manufacture stuff in the US.  …
This seems really smart, given that N95 masks, gowns, and most of our drugs are made in China. It may destroy our country, but the important thing is to have someone to blame other than Trump. Grrr.  …
As a feminist, antimonopolist, and opponent of NAFTA, China PNTR and the TPP, and a believer in above all taking responsibility, every part of this tweet including who wrote it seemed perfectly designed to make me furious.  …
By revving up hate among their supporters against China, Trump and Fox can redirect their rage away from the trusted political and media figures who lied and lied and lied to them, exposing those supporters to disease and death for their own crass ends  …
Oh, I don't know. It couldn't have had anything to do with the fact you pushed through a trade deal with China that made it easier for corporations to ship 3.7 million U.S. jobs and thousands of factories to China when you were Treasury Secretary. Why don't you look in the mirror  …
Further to that, there are a very small number of new cases in China, they've been very successful in their fight to eradicate it! So why hasn't this been hammered home in the UK media? I'm sure it would boost the morale of those who are worrying most!  …
Yup. Thanks for protecting China and it's wet markets.  …
It's no accident. You can read the ugly details if you're a glutton for punishment. But the right wing press has been linking #COVID19 to China at every opportunity, firing up the racists to verbally and even physically assault Asian-Americans.  …
"In the likely epicenter of the virus -- the so-called wet-markets of Wuhan, China -- where wild animals are held captive together and sold as delicacies or pets, a terrifying mix of viruses and species can occur."  …
Not a single word has been said about the Ugyhurs in China's camps. Are they still alive? What is China doing to them right now. Are they being used as test subjects for vaccines? It's scary to think that no one talks about them anymore. IA they are freed from the oppression.
It came from Wuhan China! Dr Li Wenliang tried to warn the world but was permanently silenced by the Chinese government! 
#GlamorChina Crescent Lake in Dunhuang, NW China’s Gansu province has reopened while taking stringent epidemic control measures. The scenic site is also offering free entrance to medical staff. #Covid_19 
Let's take a stand  China. 
Trump is notorious for projecting his own guilt onto others. His strategy is to blame China for the "cover-up" he was guilty of: -"Only 15 cases" -"Democratic hoax" -Refuse testing -Limit reporting of test/deaths -Claim best response ever  …
We are constantly told that the evil white man introduced all sorts of diseases that decimated Maori... But as soon as you suggest that coronavirus originated in China, people lose their minds
It is LITERALLY the virus FROM CHINA.
HE CAN'T SEE PAST HIS NOSE. CHINA MAKES 70% OF OUR MEDICAL EQUIPMENT. THEY OWN SMITHFIELD, SUPPLY ALL OF OUR RETAILERS. THEY HAVE VALUABLE LESSONS ABOUT #COVID19 THEY BUY OUR BONDS. WE NEED THEM. Asked why he continues to call it the “Chinese virus”  04
He was praising China’s response when it was politically advantageous to downplay the #CoronavirusPandemic and he’s attacking China when it’s politically advantageous to deflect from his  It’s always about HIM and HIS political survival, never the American public. 
The first Coronavirus cases in the UK were on the 31st January, today is exactly 50 days (seven weeks) later, and this Tory Government have done "nothing!" Everyone in China wears a mask, people are being quarantined and tested. China has virtually eradicated it. While the UK?...
Adam Schiff would like "to bring people together" to blame Trump, not China, for this crisis. Enough already.  …
There is no way that China is reporting accurate numbers at this point, meanwhile Italy a country the fraction of the size has the most active cases globally? Someones lying... 
They tricked you. They told you “ #China is the worlds factory” and it is that way because they orchestrated it. HOWEVER.... Anyone can tell you how “it is.” VISIONARIES can show you how it can BE. #TheMatrixHasYou
The world was not ready for the wrecking ball named ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ Patriots are fighting back. Communist China Thanks Hillary Clinton For Her Support After She Accuses Trump of Using "Racist Rhetoric" For Saying "Chinese Virus"  …
The U.S. is now 3rd worldwide in number of #coronavirus cases, behind only China and Italy. • China: 81,305 • Italy: 53,578 • U.S.: 25,493 • Spain: 25,374 • Germany: 22,213  
Not mentioned: Taiwan was screening Wuhan flights Dec. 31, banned Wuhan residents Jan. 23, suspended tourist visits to China Jan. 25, banned all Chinese arrivals Feb. 6; Canada permitted flights until last week.  …
How did China find the workers to do this so fast? They  party members, which make up over 5% of the population. 4/n
We have an employee in China who we’ve been working with daily for the last few months. Here is some of what he’s told me about the virus response there. <thread>
This graph is more stark: by standardizing total cases, we see clearly the lack of preparedness (the steeper the up curve, the more unprepared). We see China got its act together, while we had all the advantage of a late rise and yet were the MOST unprepared.  …
They're going to defend China to the end, aren't they?  …
Mahan is run by the IRGC and enables powerful Iranians to escape sanctions and go to Beijing, India etal on shopping sprees. Guess what Mahan flights have started returning from China to Iran with?  …
More China war-mongering and bullying. This time against Taiwan. Apparently, crushing heads in #HongKong and #Tibet and putting 2 million people in concentration camps in #Xinjiang and threatening #Vietnam and #Philippines isn't enough 4  …
China’s “dishonesty and negligence” unleashed COVID-19 on the rest of the world, Outsiders Host @RitaPanahi  …
If there's one thing that the world (and China) need to learn about this is that the wet markets in China selling wild animals need to go. There needs to be an international pressure for these markets to disappear. The progressive Chinese society needs to coalesce around this.
WHO has just reported +7324 new confirmed #COVID19 cases in 24 hours for Germany! This is the highest number yet! 1. Germany: +7324 (20 Mar) 2. Italy: +6557 (21 Mar) 3. Italy: +5986 (20 Mar) 4. Italy: +5322 (19 Mar) 5. Spain: +4946 (21 Mar) China's off the list. 
“By banning Twitter in China, the Chinese Communist Party is keeping its citizens in the dark. By putting propaganda on Twitter, the Chinese Communist Party is lying to the rest of the world." - @SenSasse and @RepGallagher ask @Twitter to ban #CCP  …
If they invested this kind of energy into helping get & distribute medical supplies... But no. Instead they’ll cover up their failings by finding a way to blame China. Meanwhile our  struggles, people lose their jobs, & people are dying. That’s where we are.  …
Larry Summers was literally the Treasury Secretary who pushed the China trade deal that helped corporations offshore U.S. manufacturing:   …
You’ve built the wall of China around your heart but you’re “Hi Pleasing” us to death. Futsek
Getting fed up with stupid conspiracy stories about Covid-19 so I'm going to make my own. It was developed in China in a secret plot by Pandas to take over the world. I for one  our new black and while cuddly overlords 
Instead of propping up China and the EU's economy, there should be an effort by everyone to "Buy British" wherever possible. This would lead to more products being manufactured in the UK. More factories More jobs More prosperity
Jan 3 2020 "Mystery" pneumonia being investigated due to only 44 cases, in a population of over 11 million? Hong Kong & Singapore ALREADY screening travelers from Wuhan with only 44 cases? @realDonaldTrump is right, China isn't telling the whole story.  …
@realDonaldTrump acted immediately - #travelban from #China on 31 Jan- 10d after the 1st case was announced & 26d before the 1st death was established - Let's not forget how your PR firm aka #FakeNewsMedia called him the #RacistInChief for protecting YOU!  
By February 1, we learned China was rushing to build new hospitals from scratch (in 10 days) to cope with COVID19.  … Why would we have thought that a pathogen that spreads via human connection would not do the same to us? We did not prepare for two months.
Trump is treating this public health crisis like it’s a PR problem. He’s trying to blame China for his mistakes. Democrats need to make clear Trump’s lying about the virus and ignoring the need for tests and ventilators got us to lockdown and hospital overload.  …
This is what I've been saying. Pretty much everyone who manufactures in China is sick to death of China and trying to get out. The big questions are whether they can and, if so, when. China is just too risky. #manufacture #China  …
Why is it that a number of governments are using a drug produced in Cuba, including China, in fight against coronavirus but media in U.S. is not reporting this?
How different countries are doing fighting #coronavirus. China and S Korea are stand-outs. Not looking quite so good now in Singapore and HK. Scandinavian countries doing very well.  …
What’s going on @woolworths ! This is blatant black market purchasing for China! Why aren’t you stopping this? And what about stock limits & leaving some for the poor Aussie Mum! Stop these people NOW!  …
These TPs from Trump's NSC blaming China perfectly describe the WH response: "Instead, the... government hid news of the virus from its own people for weeks, while suppressing information and punishing doctors and journalists who raised the alarm."  …
Good. All of that is accurate. China’s regime is engaged in a coordinated campaign to deflect blame onto others. We should absolutely be countering those efforts.  …
Imagine after getting rid of this Covid-19 and then China releases Covid-19 S Plus.
China showing leadership again  …
Bro who led revolution to remove manufacturing to China tries to shift blame. A lot of these people  out of the woodwork. Don't fall for it.  …
Tell that to Xi. He knew about the virus and let *tens of thousands* of Chinese families attend that Lunar New Year Banquet exposing them to the deadly virus, silenced good doctors, let millions leave Wuhan untested, and unleashed the virus outside China’s borders.  …
Aggressively countering foreign disinformation & propaganda in real time — as China continues its active cover-up, including falsely blaming America — is very much appropriate. And it’s not racist, which is literally the CCP line.  …
So China says no new cases of the Coronavirus yet Hong Kong has 48 new cases in a day? Would China lie to us?
Germans think they're technologically superior to China and South Korea, as if everyone was on this here website with a German phone in their hand. Sent from my Siemens Mobile
It better wake our leader up to how underhanded, dishonest and full of it China is.  …
With the quick response of shutting down travel with China early on, President Trump may have saved many lives! Now, with the border closed we have a very good chance of containing and getting rid of the virus soon!
China lied to the World Health Organization, which then repeated the lie, that the Wuhan Cornovirus wasn’t transmitted human to human  …
Jimmy Chill is all over flattening the curve. That's the false dichotomy. Obviously we want to build huge hospitals like China if she is right and keep the economy on low gear quarantining the most likely to die, the plus 60.. We should be building the hospitals anyway  …
China welded buildings shut, leaving their people to die  …
Did China make Trump ignore intel experts who told him it would b a likely pandemic, in Jan.? Did they make him say it was a Democrat Hoax? Did they make him say it would go from 15 cases to 0 & people will miraculously get better? Nope, that was just that #COVIDIOT freestyling
The world was late on response because China destroyed labs with information on the virus, punished doctors and allowed the virus to spread around the globe without warning  …
@marklevinshow to VP Mike Pence: don't we have a right to be angry at the regime in #China for covering up #coronavirus. Life, Liberty & Levin Sunday at 8pm with Pence & Dr Fauci! #Covid_19 
Public health experts believe COVID-19 originated at a “wet market” in China, where vendors sell both live and dead animals for human consumption.  …
Plush Bears Shelter ~ located in Baicheng, China SLAUGHTERHOUSE SURVIVORS Grooming Videos 1st video is a Labrador bathed yesterday. She is a senior dog, but has no skin disease & is UTD on vaccinations. We’ll try to get her into the UK or to the US later this year. 
Wonder how much pressure the CCP applied to the Italians? Remember the Italians signed an MOU to officially partner on the Belt/Road Initiative last year. Are the Italians fudging the numbers to hype the threat and feed the panic or leverage China?  …
Jeremy Lin And Lance Stephenson Return To China For Start Of CBA Season  …
Update: Italy now reports 4825 deaths from coronavirus, surpassing China as the country with highest death toll. Why? A new (unproven) theory suggests the virus has been there since November, emerging in Lombardy shortly after it arrived in Wuhan.  …
Very interesting. Italy is reporting incorrect numbers? They really have been infiltrated by China  …
#COVID19 Países con más casos reportados hasta hoy: China 81.008 Italia 53.578 Estados Unidos 25.746 España 25.374 Alemania 22.255 Irán 20.610 Francia 14.459 Corea del Sur 8.799 Suiza 6.652
The WH is launching  strategy - accuse China of orchestrating the creation of a global pandemic and cover-up, to - um, cover up Trump's neglect in handling it here. America good. China bad. Trump innocent.  …
Dear @realDonaldTrump - You were briefed about the Virus in December & DID NOTHING. Is this part of your "I take no Responsibility at all" World Tour?? Trump on China: 'I wish they'd told us earlier' about coronavirus  …
China's relationship with WHO chief in wake of coronavirus outbreak under the microscope  #FoxNews
Fu€k if I hear my Mom say we need to blow up China for not telling us about the virus one more time Im going to scream. We knew. Remember your orange leader was calling it a hoax at the rallies. Phuuuuuuuuuuuk
BREAKING: Coronavirus Outbreak. Italy reports 6,557 new cases, 793 new deaths. Deaths 5 times the highest daily in China Iran: Only 966 new cases, 123 new deaths. Hoping for further decline. US: 4,557 new cases to 23,940 total. Hospitals overflowing. 
When this Corona virus shh is settled and the world is back to normal CHINA has a lot of explanation to do.
The new Trump strategy is to blame the Chinese, they withheld information. That's also why Trump and his followers call it the China virus. TRUMP WAS INFORMED ABOUT THE OUTBREAK IN DECEMBER '19. Trump is to blame for all extra deaths  …
"Italy looked at the example of China, Ms. Zampa said, not as a practical warning, but as a “science fiction movie that had nothing to do with us.” And when the virus exploded, Europe, she said, “looked at us the same way we looked at China.”'  …
Chuck and Mark are joined by @va_shiva to discuss the latest on the China virus. Check out this episode of #BFT to find out more.  
New data of #COVID_19 effects on the significant decline of nitrogen dioxide over  to December. And indeed not surprising, the emissions are again increasing as lockdown is over!  …
China just got caught lying again! (Residents Yell It's 'All Fake' Regarding China's Coronavirus Recovery)  …
Late 20th Century neoliberals: I know, Ive got a very good idea, lets off-shore all our manufacturing to China. Everyone in 2020: yeah, thank guys, thanks a bunch. What a great idea that was.
#Coronavirus #COVID19 Los países con más muertes reportadas hasta hoy: Italia 4.825 China 3.255 Irán 1.556 España 1.378 Francia 562 Estados Unidos 299 Reino Unido 233 Holanda 136
Please take a look at Rosemarys testimony before Congress & push your local representative to get something done about this soon . This is extremely important, we cannot be reliant on China for active ingredients in our pharmaceutical supply chain .  …
Trump is determined to blame anyone but his own  for the spread of #COVID19. The  warned him in January. He ignored them. Now he’s orchestrating a disinformation campaign to blame China.  …
Trump is so  that his first priority is to blame China for his lies,  and lack of preparation.
It looks like many or all Planned Parenthood clinics will be closing their doors for two full weeks to protect themselves and their clients from the China Flu, Of course, once the doctors and the moms are safe, they'll get back to work, making sure the babies don't have a chance
Reporters keep asking #trump why he uses the racist term #ChinaVirus. He lamely replies: because  from China. We know where it came from. We don't need his racism injected into a deadly virus. It's the #coronavirus or #COVID19. It's not the China Virus.
It’s important to note that so much of Trump’s misinformation and rhetoric is speaking to whites supremacists and white identity evangelicals. This talk of invisible enemies, the scapegoating of China and conspiracies, the talk of bio weapons. It fuels the narrative.
Trump defends action in early days of coronavirus crisis, blames China for being 'secretive' Trump said at a WH briefing “Unfortunately, China, I wish China would have told us more about what was going on in China long prior to us reading about it.”
While the #coronavirus was spreading, @WHO & #China were playing games...now the whole world is fearful and in #quarantine...even worse, #ChinaLiedPeopleDied... @geopolytica @FernandoAmandi @ClubSpeaks  …
But...but...how can there have been a cover-up? Trump was telling us in January that Xi was doing a great job and he was thanking China... was he.. was he... lying?   …
Ah wow you need to taste this superb soup from the carribean only made in China town is soo delicious,Dembe get Lizzy a plate.....as we I tell him about  is one funny guy who uses his medium to make people laugh to death........we looking for sdk.(grind teeth)  …
I can't help but think China simply stopped testing. Otherwise this data looks great for them and gives us hope.  …
We may disagree with Trump on politics but @elonmusk agrees on this drug and a lot of Legendary Doctors & scientists at Stanford with results from China & South Korea #corona patients. We need to study this drug  …
Still blaming China, who we'll need to supply items to help us with this virus. Unbelievable
Looks like @HillaryClinton has gained approval of Communist China for criticizing our President @realDonaldTrump ! What is she doing? Is she being paid to constantly criticize our President’s response to the #ChineseVirus  …
Rather than focusing on the pandemic. Trump is focusing on China. I am fucking LIVID!! CHINA! JFC!!  …
Today's #Commentary "China, international law andCOVID-19" (March 22, 2020). Read:  
In decoding this tweet 2 books stand out. "Tikki Tikki Tembo" the story about 2 Chinese boys that fall in a well at separate times. China is front and center in the news. Could this book symbolize that China, where viruses have originated, isn't what it says it is?  
My hospital is running low on supplies — especially N95 and surgical masks. My family is pulling strings in their  and getting supplies shipped from China to donate to me so I can help protect myself, my ER, and our patients.
CHINA IS LYING ABOUT THE CORONAVIRUS, PART 6,743,781.  …
4/ We do it bc different cuisines conjure specific taste profiles,  of ingredients. But w/viruses, naming them in terms of origin serves NO similar valuable information purpose. There's nothing ABOUT C19 originating in China that is relevant to fighting it...
1/ Asking "Is saying 'Chinese food' racist?" as a way to own the libs is a special kind of stupid. When we call such food Chinese food it means a) we're not in China, bc there they call it "food." Thus b) we need to differentiate it from other foods for some reason. Why? Easy...
The same scheme: killing Suleimani to distract from Impeachment, blaming China to cover up his 
Sorry for that China video a minute ago, here are some baby goats playing.  …
Happy Birthday. YOU my friend have survived far worse than the China Flu and social distancing is for the birds. HAPPY BIRTHDAY!  …
Jan 3rd 2020 China pneumonia outbreak: MYSTERY virus probed in Wuhan ~Wuhan police said 8 people had been punished for publishing/forwarding false information on the internet without verification Jan 31 2020 @realDonaldTrump shuts down travel with China.  …
Hey @RosieBarton Here's another one. Why did @PattyHajdu send 16 tonnes of medical protective gear to China in February? @JustinTrudeau 's government was on the file since December? Should they not have predicted we might need them?
China and Japan still lying about what's happening for real. What are you doing? Smh...... 
Why is @HillaryClinton doing China’s bidding? Is she working with the Community Chinese Government to sow descent in our Country during a crisis?  …
John Bolton declares China 'responsible' for coronavirus outbreak, says world must hold them 'accountable'  #FoxNews
Could you please refer me to your tweet condemning CNN for calling at the China virus for 2 months? I missed your condemnation of their obvious racism against our friends from Asia.
COVID19 cases/million, countries with >400 cases, graphed Top 5 Iceland (1386) Luxembourg (1070) Italy (886) Switzerland (760) Spain (543) New York City (1201) would be #2 behind Iceland. Notables Iran (245) France (219) South Korea (172) UK (75) USA (73) China (56) Japan (8) 
Ok so the end of this goes off the rails a little bit. I’ll blame it on confinement! @realDonaldTrump every country needs to hold Red China accountable 
I need 250 more participates to vote in this session! Please vote  …
ex: ...call me bigoted But I must say that bigoted is the wrong word. I am a realist, and I see the leader of China, Xi Jinping, as a brutal dictator who cares not for the people of China and even less for the people of the world. 
Do all those who say "don't trust data from China" (only saying this as soon as the data reversed course, refuting what pandemic panic folks forecast) realize that almost all the modelers base their models on...data from China? #coronavirus
@BorisJohnson you had 2 months NOTICE China was the canary in the mine & you told us to take it on the chin. U shut down pubs & restaurants just yesterday & the transport system  open accessible to all THIS IS YOUR FAILURE the death count is on YOUR HANDS.
PLEASE RT FORTUNE ARTICLE I POSTED “China,rec. decades-old malaria drug chloroquine to treat infected pts in guidelines issued in Feb after seeing encouraging results in clinical trials. But w/in days,cautioned doctors,about the drug’s LETHAL side effects rolled bk its usage”.  …
John Bolton declares China 'responsible' for coronavirus outbreak, says world must hold them 'accountable'  #FoxNews
@RollandNadege ‘s most recent report has a few pages on the “impatience” of Chinese thinkers to assert Chinese leadership—the belief that America is in terminal decline, China’s moment is soon arriving, and the impatience to arrive at that moment.
I wonder if Xi Jinping understands the precariousness of covid containment in China and the Chinese economy writ large.
So sad with this #ChineseWuhanVirus impact on mankind !!! What level of carelessness #china has done. What cost we all have to pay for this ???
I don’t know why this needs to be explained but holding China accountable for lying about the coronavirus doesn’t involve posting a video of some Vietnamese restaurant cooking a dog alive unless your goal is to incite violence against Asians.
A China digital health co WeDoctor is offering free global consultations online. 6,129 doctors from China’s best hospitals are on the platform. Mainly for overseas Chinese but also English available.  …
President Trump Points Out He Was Called “Xenophobic” by “Sleepy Joe Biden” For Restricting Travel with China Back in January (VIDEO)  …
Trump was referring to “China.” Meaning China should have let us know sooner about the virus.
The problem with linking the virus with China is not the obviousness of its origin, but rather the contribution to stigmatize Asian-Americans, ignoring the historical background of this behavior in American society.
Wuhan went under lockdown after 571 cases were reported and 17 people had died. That is how China was able to contain the virus within Wuhan and recorded only few cases in other major cities like Beijing. New York has recorded over 10,000 cases and Trump is picking his nose.
@AOC @IlhanMN @SpeakerPelosi @chuckschumer WE ADORE OUR FELLOW CHINESE PATRIOTS WHO FLED COMMUNIST REPUBLIC OF CHINA YOU ALL MAKE ME SICK! #DemsHateAmerica #DemsAreCommies 
Jack Ma is everyone? And what emergency supply? 1.8M Masks? India is manufacturing 15M masks EVERYDAY.! Test Kits?  in India received permission and are ready to manufacture test kits. Instead India Helped China n Iran. Bhikh mangne ki aadat ab change kijiye.
If millions died in China and it was covered up, how would that affect other nations ability to prepare and respond to coronavirus?
Yep. I watched it in full context that day too. Trump was talking about China not letting us know. Good catch
We’re hearing more reports just like this from the UK. Just like we did from China. Just like we did from Italy. Let’s work to be different. Stay home, keep physically apart. It’s our only chance - spread the word, not the virus.  …
“I took tremendous criticism even from #SleepyJoeBiden for acting early and closing our boarders to China” Thank you @realDonaldTrump majority of Americans appreciate your DEDICATION to OUR COUNTRTY #AmericaFirst 
I saw that live. They were talking about how China hid the virus from Us. Currently we’re in a live exercise, and they should have [let us know] and we wouldn’t be in the situation. That’s what I got from that when I heard it.
The sunset of the West Lake. West Lake is located in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province of China. It is one of the top ten scenic areas in China, getting listed as a World Cultural Heritage Site by UNESCO in 2011. The West Lake is famous for romantic legends and intoxicating scenery. 
"Trump on China: 'I wish they'd told us earlier' about coronavirus" THEY FUCKING TOLD TO THE ENTIRE WORLD YOU MORON
U.S. intelligence reports from January and February warned Trump about a likely pandemic. It was clear to everyone that China had a major problem. Trump was warned. He blew it off.   …
 take up sides with the Dems we know we’re in trouble... although we know the Dems are already praising  - so all good! Communist China Thanks Hillary Clinton For Her Support After She Accuses Trump of racism  … via @gatewaypundit
Watch 6 min video of opening remarks to US China Econ&Security Review Commission last July. Sums it up  @DebbieAAldrich @rottenbanana101 @tbeatley @MoralNecessity @Alam_Chaudry @steph93065 @AlanTonelson @MSPOA @politicalelle
More lies from China? Wouldn't be surprised.  …
Two months ago, Trump effusively praised China's response to the coronavirus. Now, the White House—via the NSC—is rolling out an administration-wide "blame China" campaign. Why? To deflect from Trump's incoherent, inadequate, and inept response, which has made matters far worse.  
China should have let us know. Plain and simple.
The #US should issue the sternest of warnings to #China. This is no time for ambiguity.  …
Cardi B's fanpage on China's leading forum site 'Weibo' has now surpassed 120,000 fans, run by @CardiBArchive. Their latest post has received over 473,000 likes.  
Xi Jingping: Stop China’s Yulin Festival - Sign the Petition!  via @Change
Coronavirus tests on their way to Ukraine from China. As these tests are distributed nationwide, it will likely lead to a sharp rise in the number of confirmed Ukrainian cases. This increase will cause initial alarm - but it will actually help  the spread of the virus 
Is #China determined to start a war with  …
Pres @realDonaldTrump I Was Called A Racist By Democrats For Closing The Border To China Early. Saving of those many weeks was a tremendous. #MAGA #MAGA2020Landslide #TrumpBestPresident #KeepAmericaGreat #CoronavirusPandemic #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied 
Heicheng Ruins is located in Ejina Banner of Inner Mongolia, China. It was built in 1032 and became a trade center of Tangut Empire (1038 – 1227). In 1372, general Khara Bator was surrounded by Ming Dynasty ( 1368 1644) and defeated, the city was abandoned and left in ruins. 
gosh, I dunno, who was Secretary of the Treasury when we extended PNTR to China in 2000?
Lori, you couldn't be more right. The Obama economy had ZERO sustainable fundamentals, the Federal Reserve was pumping 85 billion a month into the economy.10,000 anti business regulations. Obama shifted the supply train from America to China ! Economy downgraded 3 times.
I tried to dance away the virus in china but I wasn’t strong enough  …
Nitrogen dioxide emissions closely linked to factory output & vehicles operating on road ... images from CREA, NASA, & ESA show industry/transport have  to halt in China & Italy 
South Wutai Mountain located in Chang'an District of Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. It is one of the most famous holy places of Chinese Buddhism. There are nearly 1,000 species of plants in the mountains, including buckeyes, Wangchun Flowers and many other precious species. 
 war on China" by @johnpilger If you haven't already seen this, it's an important film. If you have, I think now is a good time to watch it again. "Can we really afford to be silent?" NO, WE CANNOT. @10DowningStreet @POTUS  …
because ghouls like you sold the factories to China  …
CNN carrying China's water.  …
Maybe @HillaryClinton could get elected in China.  …
It’s not lockdown that flattens the curve. In China local experts clearly say lockdown did not help that much. The rate slowed down only after they started agressive testing and positive cases isolation  … Italy is not testing enough yet
The Maiji Mountain Grottoes is located in Tianshui City, Gansu Province of China. It one of the four major grottoes in China. The Maiji Mountain Grottoes was listed to UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2015. The grottoes were built in 384 during the Eastern Jin Dynasty (317 - 420). 
Russia (pop 14M) reports 306 positive cases despite its long border with China. Putin and Russia have a poor track record of transparency, do you believe the  out of Russia are accurate? #wtpEBRC #wtp2020 ⁦  …
“The United States counts on receiving the vast majority of its medical supplies from China . . . When Chinese medical supply factories  back on line last month, their first priority was their own hospitals.”  …
Do this Again? Maybe because we outsourced manufacturing to China & Mexico  could pay workers less & pollute their environment But that answer is inconvenient because Clinton (with your support) passed NAFTA & granted permanent normal trade relations to China  …
These are 2 of 5 dogs I rescued and transported from the Chinese meat trade while living in China. All five are out of China and in good homes. There are tons of expats and local Chinese fighting against animal cruelty but nothing will change until the government does something. 
Italy in my heart Iran in my heart China in my heart The world in my heart We are in this together. Stop politicalizing the epidemic.
How Propaganda Gets Transmitted From China To Leftist Influencers | Zero Hedge  …
China stopped testing for the COVID-19 virus, so they have no more confirmed cases. They are now virus free. Based on that logic, we can cure Diabetes today by not testing for it ever again. In fact, if we stop autopsies, we can prevent all deaths.  …
Doctors from  to help #Serbia! Hvala 
Italy death rate to diagnosis is 10 percent and highest of all countries. Spain is around 6 percent . China, Iran around 4-5 percent US is only 1.6 percent with SK 0.6 percent. There is a role for smoking habits, diet and other risk factors
Dragon Backbone’s Rice Terraces is located in Longsheng County, Guangxi, China. Construction began in Yuan Dynasty (1271 - 1368), and continued until early Qing Dynasty (1644 - 1911) when it  It is not only famous for the amazing scenery, but minorities cultures. 
Staying at home and reading ppls stupidity has enraged me so much. Do you ppl not realise that there are geopolitical consequences in the way in which pandemics are articulated through the media. Do ppl not realise that claims against China are part of western imperialist tactics
“It’s one  in from China, and we have it under control. It’s going to be just fine.” ~ Donald John Trump
"i'd like to extend my gratitude to china and /pol/ for proving that 14 million people can be oven'd in a month. i now revise the current holocaust death toll to 600 million. its simple math really"  
So everyone has their theory. I don't believe China & I sure as hell don't believe anything the psycho dems say.I do TRUST OUR PRESIDENT. Wake up people. Time Biological Weapons were used on civilians without our knowledge (and this doesn't include unethical med experimentation)
Ah yes the minute China announces that they have no internal cases is the moment that stupid ppl want to scream that China has been lying. Shut the fuck up
The Italian people have this Chinese virus running rampant through their country because they sold their textile industry in northern Italy to China. There's over 300 to 500000 Chinese directly from the Wu han province living there and brought this thing with them. Shameful
Turns out Bob Mueller should have been investigating the media for colluding with Russia (and China).  …
The economy is going to boom once this is over. No longer can our supply chain be threatened by China. We must move manufacturing back to the US. We’ve seen what happens to the service economy when this happens, it tanks, we need to go back to making things again.
They weren’t transparent at the time. It was widely reported they weren’t. For all his nativism, Trump was and remains a China regime apologist.  …
We need to have a full shutdown of the US with temporary mortgage/rent/loan forgiveness (funded by the fed) & monthly payments for ALL adults, regardless of  Allow only limited store visits per household as China did, and an emphasis on delivery services like Amazon.
I’m thankful that the world has seen the true nature of China. We are all gonna decouple our economy from it when this is over.
Intelligence reports from Jan/Feb said China appeared to be minimizing the epidemic and that swift action would be needed to contain #COVID19. But despite the warnings, Trump continued to play down the threat the virus posed to 
it would be very cool if we used the crisis of a global pandemic to create a functioning public health system for everyone instead of fighting China for some reason  …
#ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied It was done on purpose & it’s a super virus manufactured and delivered by China & Iran. 
China population 1.6b 81,304 confirmed cases Italy population 60 m 53,578 confirmed cases Something is very wrong.
Ahhh the WHO and China....  …
#BREAKING China records no new cases of Wuhan-virus. In other news: China has stopped testing for Wuhan-virus. #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied China is still lying.
That real cute when that picture is from China nice try though.
Japanese Doctors have learned from physicians in Wuhan, that Wuhan is reporting no new infections. And the reason is, they have stopped all testing in Wuhan. This is the kind of deceit that has  synonymous with China. And the world is paying the price!  …
This research paper strongly advocates the "natural-selection" hypothesis. #Covid_19 virus was not laboratory made, as per authors. Yes, it is a China-origin virus and not necessarily a Chinese lab made virus. So far, that's the evidence.  …
Because past administrations outsourced all that business to China? Don't worry Lawrence, @realDonaldTrump will fix that too.
The virus until proven otherwise is from China therefore, it is Chinese virus. That’s a fact. By the way smart people when they build a trap, it’s for other not them. They know from day one how to free themselves from the trap.
There are going to be Trump-branded N95 masks manufactured in China, aren't there?
Ethiopian airlines was the only African airline that maintained flights to China amid the crisis. It has consistently introduced first cases in various countries and we're silent. Wtf @flyethiopian ? This is not how you make up for losses!
Few observations on updated totals by country 1) US will trail only China & Italy soon 2) Germany death rate lower than all 3) UK death rate per + test is high 4) 12 days after lockdown Italy #’s 5) Canada growth slower than 
Send @RosieBarton all the questions you want @JustinTrudeau and his government to answer. Hey Rosie - here's the first one. Why shut interprovincial borders before stoping flights from China?
2 aircraft with medical equipment from China are expected to land in Czechia within the next hour Antonov An-124 to Pardubice  … Boeing 777 to Prague  
And he's profiting from China and he's profiting from the Ukraine and he's profiting from... Well I think you get the picture.
This is bizarre, before the day is over, the US is very likely to be the third most infected country in the world after China & Italy, and within five days the most infected. The US has no federal leadership, i.e. banana republic. 
We have been foolish to tie our economy & universities so closely to #CCP's #China It is a threat to our freedoms, even before #CoronavirusPandemic Ordinary Chinese students who want to learn & discourse freely must always be  #CCP agents who silence others ought  …
China’s President Xi Has learned from American POLS DENY it just like “SwallowWell” 
President Trump on China: "I wish they'd told us earlier" about the coronavirus  
"If one has to take a side, one must take the side of the Filipino people," says China expert Aileen Baviera, who died due to the novel #coronavirus at age 60.  …
Pompeo: If We Don’t Get To Bottom Of What Happened In China It Could Happen Again 
RECAP for EU. Only damn China, Cuba, Venezuela and Russia help Italy . The EU is panicking, corrupt,too slow and inefficient. #CoronaVirusUpdate
China’s Ambassador Lauds #HillaryClinton’s Attack on President #Trump #DemocratsTheEnemyWithin #ChineseVirus #KAG  …
We NEED to PRAY for THE SICK and the ones that have the "CHINA VIRUS" Family member: I went to the early grocery shopping for seniors at Safeway and found out later in the day the store was closed for cleaning as 5 employees tested positive for the virus, so far I am OK. 
Trump closed the border between China and US in January... Your Buddy Biden Condemed Trump for Closing the Border! Hillary... Let ‘YOUR’ President Do his Job!  …
China “cared more about its reputation than its own people’s suffering”, claims country whose President has continually downplayed risks, mocked those who raised concerns, and actively resisted doing enough testing   …
After the first aircraft which brought medical experts from China to Belgrade tonight, our second aircraft Airbus A320 with medical aid headed to Serbia from Shanghai. Friendship knows no borders! #weareairserbia #supportingserbia 
If either Russia or China reported they had  gravity or death CNN would report it as fact with no questions. On the other hand, if a Rep W House stated the it would be dark tonight CNN would need to use the word "allegedly" and get three experts on camera to debate it.
Wuhan Resident: China Sent Me to a Mental Hospital for a  …
Corona Virus Cases Worldwide - 276,647 China- 81,008 Italy - 47,021 Spain - 21,571 Germany - 19,848 USA - 19,774 Iran - 19,644 France - 12,612 S.Korea - 8,799 Switzerland - 5,615 UK - 3,983 Netherlands - 3,000 #lockdownpakistan #CoronaVirusUpdate
Never believe China on anything. Ever. Trump defends action in early days of coronavirus crisis, blames China for being 'secretive'  #FoxNews
Its the China virus. Hard to overstate how dumb and pointless you must look from anyone reading your tweet  …
"Seeking any way to shift the narrative, establishment reporters have now been reduced to shilling for  regime" @NBCNews @TODAYshow @hodakotb @JoeNBC @KatyTurNBC @chucktodd @CNN @MSNBC @NBCNightlyNews  …
I saw a viral WhatsApp message earlier and, no, aircraft won’t be out tonight spraying dangerous chemicals onto the [I can’t believe I’m typing this] covid-19 virus gas cloud that drifted over from China. Largely because there isn’t one. 
Two Austrian Airlines Boeing 777 aircraft are en route to Xiamen in China in order to collect medical equipment for Austria  …  
As you watch Trump minions trying to weaponize ‘China virus’ and attack Biden as being some sort of Chinese Communist Party front, remember what Trump was saying just two months ago about a China and his good friend Xi Jinping.  …
Has there been any data that shows a lock down in Italy has even helped? Cases are going up daily, daily death tolls have surpassed China. Or was China lying about how bad this is?  …
Britain is heading straight for an effing catastrophe. They have ignored all the advice from abroad, including from China. And they let the disaster grow out of hand. I wouldn't be surprised if BJ will soon be found somewhere on a safe island when the heat  too near.  …
If South Korea gets through this, if Japan gets through this, if Hong Kong & China get through this, it will be clear that Trump's mismanagement of the crisis is to blame. It  at a huge cost to US society, but hopefully he will lose the next election because of it.
Yo soy "O" China COVID-19 study: blood type O are more resistant, type A are more susceptible to infection  …
Some thoughts on COVID-19 1. Trump says a lot of stupid shit 2. COVID-19 and it's initial deadly spread are 100% due to the policies & dishonesty of China 3. China's actions & cover-ups expose the risks of economic dependence the US and many countries have with that country
While President Trump was cutting off travel from China, Democrats were busy doing this... 
Cuba and China are out here making a serious case   …
But this is actually good news. China, South Korea, & Taiwan have all stopped the epidemic without a vaccine. U.S. government officials waiting for a vaccine are foolish & their addiction to Pharma cash will cost lives. There are things we can do immediately to stop the epidemic.
To stop spread of coronavirus, @realDonaldTrump banned travel w/ China. Was called racist. Now, media says Trump didn't move soon enough.  we need a leader with audacity of hope. Trump says he's hopeful we'll find meds. Now,  he gives false hope.
Satellite imagery shows dramatic reduction in air pollution over China since the novel coronavirus outbreak, as people remained largely isolated and out of public spaces.  
Delayed What? Initially the World Health Org, stated there was NO human to human transmission occurring in China. Within one week of admitting that was incorrect - Your President shut off U.S. entry to all that had traveled in China. __ The FACTs are there - Do a simple Google.  …
Because South Korea is manipulating.. They tested certain place, people such as Church members. I'm from South Korea. We don't believe what gvt says about China virus.
Early data from China (20 patient study) suggests tocilizumab may help reduce lung inflammation and accelerate recovery. 15/20 patients who were serious/critical improved.
China owns WHO. China and WHO need to be reprimanded. Tariffs on all Chinese goods for 10 years.
READ “China,rec. decades-old malaria drug chloroquine to treat infected patients in guidelines issued in Feb after seeing encouraging results in clinical trials. But w/in days,cautioned doctors,about the drug’s LETHAL side effects rolled bk its usage”  …
LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL Also: Why hasn't CNN reported on Putin backing Xi Jinping in China's coronavirus propaganda war against the United States?   …
Says the man  CNN defends China, a country that kills journalists that report on Coronavirus
China still not letting WHO or CDC into China. That's because they'll find that China created this bioengineered virus to create a global pandemic and crash the economy of the US and others in their quest for their NWO. Gates directly in on this. Fauci just lied  …
...but “Fake” News Propagandists asked @potus why he didn’t do anything THREE months Ago... March 21st February 21st January 21st... Three moths ago... ...ONLY @realDonaldTrump did ANYTHING 3 months ago The vilified “China Travel Ban”... Supporting China... ...disgusting 
China Orders Citizens To Stop Working At US News Outlets In Beijing | Zero Hedge US ordered five Chinese state-owned  to be classified as "foreign missions."  …
Corona Virus Cases Worldwide - 276,647 China- 81,008 Italy - 47,021 Spain - 21,571 Germany - 19,848 USA - 19,774 Iran - 19,644 France - 12,612 S.Korea - 8,799 Switzerland - 5,615 UK - 3,983 Netherlands - 3,000 #lockdownpakistan #CoronaVirusUpdate
HE CAN'T SEE PAST HIS NOSE. CHINA MAKES 70% OF OUR MEDICAL EQUIPMENT. THEY OWN SMITHFIELD, SUPPLY ALL OF OUR RETAILERS. THEY HAVE VALUABLE LESSONS ABOUT #COVID19 THEY BUY OUR BONDS. WE NEED THEM. He's pressed on a WH official using the term “Kung flu”  07
At today's press conference, @GovRonDeSantis avoids any talk of requiring people to stay home or close 'nonessential' business, and talks up his newfound faith in the China model: taking #COVID positive people away from their families and having them stay in hotels. #whazup?
Reminder: China is a Communist regime guilty of innumerable atrocities and is not a good faith actor.  …
There has been no one more racist, caused more division in Canada then you Trudeau. Second to you is every member of your party! As for spreading fear Liberals and Trudeau top that list as well. We are all going to die....let's give China millions to build more coal fired plants
#Corvid19crisis is a test for Canada. Is Canada so dependent upon global trade that we cannot manufacture essentials like surgical face masks and ventilators within our borders? Cause I don't think the U.S. or China are going to help us out. They got their own problems.
Perhaps, but if there’s any country that can force a no movement/isolation ban on people it’s China. Which must have helped.  …
The Left says calling a virus that came from China “Chinese” is racist, but CNN calling Blacks that support President @realDonaldTrump “Uncle Toms” is okay.
China screwed over the world. Their stranglehold on the global supply chain rests solely in the willingness of other nations to do business with them. We persuade our trading partners to boycott China, we can bring them to their knees.
Coronavirus pandemic must lead to the collapse of  regime in China. Communism has been the most murderous pandemic in humanity, causing more than 140 million deaths since 1917. Coronavirus appearance was covered up by the Chinese regime, at least since October 2019. 
Remember everyone, we had a chance to counteract China's influence in the global economy. It was called the TPP. But we couldn't do that cuz jobs or something
Message from China 
Greta's parents probably get paid by China not to shame China.  …
To all Trump supporters in Zimbabwe who are parroting his racist views on China. Kindly read this tweet from Trump and  back here defending that moron. 
Hey @SecPompeo Can you ask #China where #Fein and #Chen is, the citizen journalist who sounded the #CoronavirusPandemic alarm? Their quarantine is over, so they should have been released & publically seen by now!  … #ChinaCoronaVirus #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied
. @AmbJohnBolton declares Communist China 'RESPONSIBLE' for coronavirus outbreak, says world must hold them 'ACCOUNTABLE'...  …
And this morning he told his 7.5 million Twitter followers that a  could be the miracle cure for the Coronavirus...  that China tried, people died trying and they ceased.  …
When the dust settles, we need to sanction China for failing to truthfully disclose the coronavirus when it first occurred many months ago. We need to return all outsourced manufacturing to the US and at the same time, make China forgive all US debt. We hold the cards now.
Now do @foxnews. Serious question. Can’t we sue them. Can we crowdsource with other lawyers to figure this out? All these people sitting watching them now all day are angry at China (!) and thankful for trumped
Idk man but Coronavirus gives me vibe of Pasta. Invented by china spread by Italians
Two @_austrian jets are flying to China to bring medical supplies to Austria. Thanks to close cooperation between &, esp. my colleagues of the Chinese embassy & Foreign Ministry this Saturday, all the procedures for the flights were done within a few hours. stands with ! 
This is what a world under quarantine looks like!!! #CoronaVirusUpdate #coronavirus #Covid_19 #nyc #france #Italy #Wuhan #China #London 
His Maga hats are made in China.
Universities in China are helping their government in research for antidote that can cure Corona virus (Covid 19). Universities in Nigeria are closing together with nursery Schools
. MAGA ECONOMY - - TRUMP's CHINA TRADE DEAL DELIVERING, in spite of CHINESE VIRUS Trump's Economic Foresight again Proven Invaluable - though the Economy may be Slowed, Imagine the Damage if not for China Trade & USMCA .  …
Note that NOW China is the Chinese Communist Party.  …
Cont... They were offended that he called it "China Virus," crazy but true! lol Now Today: Text of thank you's, apologies and should have listened. ** You can lead a horse to water...
Let's prioritize our small and medium US businesses. International corporations, especially those who gave up on the US and shipped jobs to China, should ask Xi for a bailout.
Who thinks China should be held accountable and foot the massive bill for the virus
The WHO tweeted this in January. After a few months of reflection, do you still trust the WHO? They seem to trust China, so I will ask again....Do you trust the WHO? #ChinaVirus  …
Does she know we borrowed money from China for all those tax cuts? That we owe them $1,000,000,000,000,000 or so? Racism is stupid.
Paddy, rest assured we are speaking to a number of countries about assistance including China in particular. We have already sourced significant product from China and continue to talk to them re assistance.
Justin and the China Virus #canpoli 
I’m going to go out on a limb and say the Chinese government has been lying this whole time. It’s time for every  to bring everything back to the United States. Everyone should be outraged over China’s behavior rather then kowtowing to their regime.
--The US is no global leader but China is a special brand of awful. If these are the world's choices, the world is in trouble  …
If this was China she'd have been arrested, dragged away and forcibly quarantined.  …
Speed of #CoronavirusPandemic in US is now the fastest in the world. We’ve surpassed #China on 16th days after 100th case, & still only 25% of country on #lockdown. In a week we’ll have more #COVIDー19 cases than in China, likely >100k Chart via @jburnmurdoch 
CNBC: The US should rally G7, NATO & “also involve China as a central and collaborative actor against  foe” So China, who: - Covered up the Virus - Silenced Whistleblowers & Doctors - Said it wasn’t contagious Is going to help us? Yeah, right.. 
This Coronavirus is the first thing they’re not proud to stamp “Made In China” on. #coronavirus #ChinaVirus #WuhanVirus
China is seriously trying to position themselves as heroes for handling the outbreak. No, fuck you. You don't get to shit on the bed and act like a hero for changing the sheets.
It’s probably not the Chinese but what they bring with them from China that carries the virus - Chinese preserves, dried exotic creatures, Chinese medicines etc., all are potential carriers. Australian customs have strict rules against import of these items.
China’s numbers are bullshit if Italy’s are true
Never believe anything from China—never.
ChineseCoronaVirus has nothing to do with bats & spreads only from human to human. China's Biological Weapon was being developed at Wuhan Institute of Virology to be unleashed as a weapon in trade war. It went out of hand, was suppressed by China & WHO, till it became a Pandemic!
Is China lying?
China is lying that there are no new cases, THEY STOPPED TESTING! 
How do I keep doing my China research in a world that (1) ultra-nationalistic trolls lambast ppl w critical thinking for “betraying motherland” & (2) right-wing media/politicians eagerly jump on any oppr. to amp up racism & scapegoat China for their  & prob at home?
Hilary you sold out the country to China long ago! Or did you forget?
China should pay reparations. It dominates the pharmaceutical market and other medical and sanitary supplies. It made money off the wildlife markets that made the disease. Now it's making money as we all try to survive. #ToHellWithChina  …
Japanese flu drug 'clearly effective' in treating coronavirus, says China | Coronavirus outbreak | The Guardian  …
Benghazi isn’t going away. @HillaryClinton For the mentally challenged a little history: @POTUS Jan 31st - bans flights with China  …
Maybe you should blame the World Health Organization. Or actually, China, since they've been lying.  …
J.B. Pritzker reminds everyone that saying the virus came from China is "racist" and "un-american" @JBPritzker the virus originated from China!! CHINA CHINA CHINA 
Yes, blame China for corona virus  …
I’ve assumed from Day One we can’t trust any  out of China, Iran, Russia, or North Korea.
Earth to the space cadets. It didn't originate in Montana. Or Iowa. Or South Dakota. Why do they call it MERS? Because it originated in THE MIDDLE EAST. They call it the Chinese virus because it originated in CHINA. Here endeth the lesson.  …
ALERT: The US has suddenly moved into fourth place in the horrific race to the top of #of COVID-19 confirmed cases. 22K, only behind China, Italy, and Spain. We are increasing faster than any other country. Trump says everything is going to be fine, though.
Keep in mind that some of our biggest data sets  from China, so it's hard to verify ANY of it. Global numbers could change for the better, or much worse. Wash your hands. #StayAtHome
REALLY PEOPLE! Why does it matter? We could call it Chicken Soup Virus for Gods sake! Whether it’s China or CCP, don’t you think we have more important things to worry about! Stop with the nonsense  …
Addressing the 2 Michaels sitting in China would have been more appropriate
Seems like chinese democrats gave these date , in my experience , some Chinese Wu Mao 五毛 service for totalitarian China think tank , they learned Western Economics ,philosophy, politics , they’re leader of WuMao and these date is too shallow for them  …
Timestamps have meaning... POTUS China Virus RT Timestamp 12:16:25 Only one drop has this same stamp Q1445 Kate Spade Comms Think Spade. Trace to Children Foundation Now look at David Spade (Kate Brother in Law) cryptic videos from the last few days 
If every country followed US lead with China travel ban we would be in a very different place right now. Lessons learned.
No thanks, #China The world is still dealing with the last creation out of  …
Tom Cotton Debuts Plan to Take Pharma Production Back From China 
Suddenly they don't care about the virus in China? As if they need their economy to bounce back before ours...
Khashoggi...Iran...North Korea... Everything  up shows us who owns the politicians and media. China is the kingpin...  …
I still remember I posted this on my fb page two months ago, when China was experiencing the worst. (People from  set up a group with hundreds of people make jokes about Chinese and coronavirus, and this is Canada.) 
But China people no pray oh dem work or mi tw3  …
What fuck did you do since January 21st 2020? Trump on China: ‘I just wish they could have told us earlier’  …
This is indeed a very good essay on supply chain capitalism. They could have added that one of the theories for why Qom was the epicenter for the spread of COVID-19 in Iran & beyond is the special economic zone just outside of the city & the bilateral links between it and China  …
Coronavirus: Donald Trump points to China as reason for slow response to outbreak in US  …
Feels like an eternity ago when the Super Bowl was in Miami. Now there’s going to be a COVID-19 testing site in the parking lot there. But, for perspective: on the day of the Big Game, the first coronavirus death was recorded outside China, in the Philippines.  …
Defense: The US has successfully tested a #Hypersonic missile, marking a major milestone in the race to catch up with #Russia and #China in what the #Pentagon describes as its highest research  …
When all this is over, @potus should quietly transfer to Taiwan a half dozen Polaris submarines with enough ICBMs to obliterate mainland China if it attacks.
Chinese ambassador praises Hillary for standing up for China Hillary has  quite the linguist. She now speaks Russian AND Chinese Too bad she’s never mastered *America’s Language*...LOYALTY and PATRIOTISM  …
Meet @JRubinBlogger a writer for the delusional Washington Post. Better leadership would mean that EVERYONE in BOTH chambers would be Republican. While Trump was shutting down flights to the U.S. from #China THIS is what your ilk were saying about the #coronavirus #COVIDー19  
this was probably in response to Trump's banning those from China from entering our country since it's the day after the ban took effect. He must have wanted to show, by sticking-it to Trump, what a good lefty he was...how did that work out for him and his citizenry?  …
Save this in your folder for when someone tries to praise China as a model of integralism.  …
Before you outrage over this, read up on the countries that have either signed up with China's Belt and Road initiative or have massive debt because China's invested in their country's infra. Then look at this list again. This is diplomatic flexing, and nothing more.  …
Let's for a moment assume that you are President of China. Also assume that one mlillion died of Covid-19. Will you tell the world? By telling the truth, Chinese will be banned in rest of the world for 10 years. Chinese economy will collapse and millions will die of starvation
China has exonerated a doctor who was officially reprimanded for warning about the coronavirus outbreak and later died of the disease, a startling admission of error by the ruling Communist Party that generally bodes no challenges to its authority.  …
#ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied If China had informed WHO 3 weeks sooner, global spread of the virus and number of deaths would’ve been reduced by 95%. Yes, 95% 
Fastest growing country for the Chinese Virus is USA. One factor is more testing and more positive tests. Time to start taking manufacturing back from China and putting America back on top. No  product in USA.  …
January 24. The same day as Dr. Fauci's classified coronavirus briefing that sent Republican senators running to tip off their investment managers. Trump was effusively praising China at the same time he was ignoring his own advisors' warnings. 
I ask the wealthy pangolin scale eaters in China whether you care that your endangered wildlife markets have so-far sickened 300000 and killed 12000. This disease has agency. China and its elites who consume this stuff are to blame. Never forget: China did this.
NEVER FORGET THIS! As China continues its PROPAGANDA campaign & our media seeks to divide this country in the midst of a crisis On Jan 14th, Chinese Authorities lied & stated there was "NO CLEAR EVIDENCE of human-to-human transmission of #COVID19" A lie w/ Global  …
So many people lost by mobile networks in China. Don't ask me what I am thinking. 
Davos, Switzerland - JANUARY 22nd Joe Keenan: “Are there any worries about a pandemic at this point?” Trump: “No. Not at all. And - we’re - we have it totally under control. It’s one  in from China, and we have it under control. It’s going to be just fine.”
Two U.S. Navy Curtiss SB2C-3 Helldiver aircraft from Bombing Squadron 11 (VB-11) bank over the aircraft carrier USS Hornet (CV-12) before landing following strikes on Japanese shipping in the China Sea circa mid-January 1945. See more:  
Great, we're about to blow past China in the number of COVID-19 cases because of @realDonaldTrump  and stupidity. But #MAGA, I 
China seems to be heavily vested in internet narrative control. Not surprising and quite disturbing if I'm honest. 
This #ChinaLiedPeopleDied hashtag is crap. China bought the world months to prepare for #Covid_19 & we squandered it. I looked & this Jan 6 story is the earliest we wrote on the outbreak, when just 59 were infected. China didn't lie - the world IGNORED. 
Taiwan is the best China.  …
While Trump is busy blaming China for #coronavirus, Bolsonaro thinks it’s ok to persecute tribal people in the Amazon. All over the world, indig. people experience appalling racism and genocidal violence. On #IDERD2020, will you help stop this? 
We can also see it was ~10 days after China’s lockdown that its mortality curve slowed. Countries are looking at daily deaths in the dozens and thinking "It’s not that bad". Next week it’ll be 100s, and by the time lockdowns flatten the curves, daily death tolls could be 1,000+ 
IRONY 101-102 1) China owns the virus..may as well call it the Chinese virus 2) Arguing over what to call the Chinese virus is like the crew of the sinking Titanic arguing over whether it was an iceberg or an ice floe they struck..it’s stupid!
Latest blog: A cheap cure for the coronavirus. A full 35  are now racing against the clock – and each other – to produce a vaccine against the coronavirus...new evidence from China shows that vitamin C saved the lives... read more:  
ICYMI - I joined Matt Boyle earlier today on @BreitbartNews to talk about the latest on the Wuhan coronavirus and the threat of Communist China. You can listen to the full interview here:
Trump has responded to the coronavirus outbreak by promising it would go away by itself, blaming China, blaming the media, blaming Democrats, lying about it, attempting to bribe Germany’s vaccine industry and saying he’s responding to it perfectly.  …
Trump’s policies will be vindicated in the wake of coronavirus President Trump’s rapid actions to shut down travel from China saved many lives slowing down the spread of the COVID-19 bug Originated in Wuhan, China.  
The same geniuses that called the President a racist for shutting down travel from China are now telling businesses not to board up their shopfronts. If you haven’t boarded up your shopfront, get on it.  …
After blaming #US for bringing #CCPVirus #COVID2019 #ChinaVirus to #Wuhan, #CCP is trying to shift responsibility to #Italy, saying their top expert Giuseppe Remuzzi said that #coronavirus symptoms had appeared in Italy earlier than in #China. Report:  
Beijing on Friday ordered Chinese nationals to walk away from their jobs at American news outlets. Bye, bye! China better get its act together and take responsibility instead of behaving like irresponsible cowards with no concern for the rest of the world. #CoronavirusPandemic
For many of us, Sunday is a time to reflect. On a beautiful day in Sydney, it is perhaps easy to forget our planet is experiencing a great human tragedy. Today, I offer my condolences to the people of Italy, China, Iran, South Korea and all nations being impacted by COVID-19.
"As the disease spread beyond China, U.S. spy agencies tracked outbreaks, the officials familiar with those reports said. The majority of the information came from public sources, including news reports and official statements" -Great news, 17 Intelligence Agencies can Google
"Trump’s insistence on the contrary seemed to rest in his relationship with China’s President Xi Jingping" -It's now Chinese President that Trump is accused of "relationship" with, whatever happened to relationship with Putin???
"No amount of foreign aid can make up for the Communist Party’s botched early response that helped produce the [ #CoronavirusPandemic] now afflicting most of the world…[it] declined to tell other nations…or to prevent its spread outside #China.  …
The China Virus is passed on from people to people... But Trump Derangement Syndrome is a "Prick Borne Illness..."
Never underestimate the American media’s willingness to run interference for China  …
“I call it the Chinese coronavirus because  from Wuhan, China and China is responsible for its negligence in containing the outbreak,” Cheong said in a retweet. “I’m Chinese, in case that isn’t obvious,” he added.  …
But again, very glad all those American news outlets credulously reported China's obviously faked stats because they wanted to have a go at Trump.
All of a sudden, China's numbers just don't make sense to me. Germany's too, but I've been  around their number suppression (not counting people with pre-existing conditions).  …
CORONAVIRUS: China has sent 18 tons of medical supplies, including hundreds of thousands of surgical and protection masks, to Greece, as part of its aid efforts amid the COVID-19 crisis. (AP) 
I guess I’d be too embarrassed to reply if my boss let a pandemic spread undetected because he got rolled by the President of China
Absolutely! Product barcodes starting with 690 / 691 / 692 / 693 / 694 / 695 are from China. Say no to #MadeInChinaCorona, 
Don’t praise China for its handling of the coronavirus.  …
looks like i'll have to grunt out a piece to counter the "China did this"agitprop. Long story short, PRC dropped the ball for about a week mid-Jan in underestimating the human-human transmission threat. End Jan everybody in the world knew what  Or shudda.
Dear Teddy: The Covid-19 virus's first documented case was in Wuhan China. It originated in Wuhan China, hence the name #ChineseVirus . Now stop pandering and playing the race card and clean up your district and state. Thanks, the American  …
Communist China has found a natural ally in  …
Why do new diseases keep appearing in #China? This mini documentary details why.  …
Does anyone honestly believe a thing that China says?
China’s dictatorship buried early research and allowed coronavirus to spread  …
STOP buying crap made in China Last fall we paid $250 for a winter cover for our outside dining set It’s shredding apart by the handful now. Everytime we touch it. @realDonaldTrump
IF there was any validity to this China & Italy would have already tried it
Brazil’s China-bashing foreign minister responds to being called an idiot by major Brazilian broadcaster by claiming he has better things to do than respond to being called an idiot by major Brazilian broadcaster 
The 'Mutare woman' who died just before getting to Wilkins. The adult male' whose test is 'inconclusive'. Both CHINESE. China is concealing fact their citizens came to Zimbabwe with virus. We are being played. Thank God for Mayor Gomba who called it as he knew this morning!  …
Cool Tim, now what do you have to say about the Gods of the citizens of Iran and China? Brave.
Feb 7 Q: Are you concerned that China is covering up the full extent of coronavirus? TRUMP: No. China is working very hard. Late last night, I had a very good talk with Pres Xi, and we talked about-mostly about the coronavirus...I think they are doing a very professional job.  …
liberals seem to be rejecting this narrative for now (bc of its association with trump and overt discrimination) but there is a huge propaganda effort to pin this on china, and I wonder how long they can be trusted, given their history of viewpoints on china tbph  …
Christian activist: China caused coronavirus by eating ‘biblically unclean’ animals (Does she eat pork though?)  …
why is that your question? where are the 33,000 emails? where is the server? do you feel ill? do you have a temp? unless you're symptomatic, you don't need a test. maybe you could ask your friends in china about this virus? why did you write this to donna? 
WHY IS NORTHERN ITALY HIT SO HARD HIT WITH CORONAVIRUS? THE CHINA CONNECTION: Past 3 decades "...more Chinese investors bought into textile and leather-good factories in northern Italy, and they brought over Chinese laborers to work in those factories. "  …
1/Fascinating to see arguments that states like #China & #Iran are to blame for #CoronavirusPandemic bc of their authoritarianism, while number of deaths in #Italy & cases in the US surge. But please keep pushing your political agenda, it’s very useful during this crisis
ABSOLUTELY NO BAILOUTS.  need to take a hit just like everyone of us in America. We are all gonna pay a heavy price for the  in China. I can promise u Senator conservatives will not stand for any bailout.
Trump on China: 'I wish they'd told us earlier' about coronavirus  …
Liberal media outlets superficially criticize Trump's anti-Chinese racism, but push the same underlying narrative that China must be blamed and punished for the coronavirus outbreak. Beacons of the so-called "resistance"  in Trump's agenda. 
China’s initial response to this crisis was  clown show. Them’s the facts
China is a rogue country which has been a consistent breeder of viruses, a nuclear weapons proliferator and a fake food supplier. A total boycott of China is needed to bring down the Chinese Communist party which is responsible for the coronavirus pandemic  …
It takes much longer, and costs much more, to build infrastructure in the U.K.  with China. But all told, I’m happy with the trade off that you can call Boris Johnson any name you like and sleep soundly after doing so
Good morning Sir. MAGA be with you on this blessed day. We know in our hearts that when stock market goes up, you are there with us, and when stock market goes down you are also there with us, through the fires of the CHINA FLU! ALL THE DEMOCRATS FAULT!
Coronavirus from China will bankrupt more people than it will kill.
Never forget America, this weakening of American leadership was fully sponsored by Vladimir Putin, & supported by Assange, Stein, China, GOP, & Greenwald et al. Don't forget that in November cc @thespybrief @LouiseMensch @john_sipher  …
Every time I heard people sez calling Wuhan Virus & Chinese virus was racist I wanted to puke. Thé Chinazis r doing ethnic cleansing in Xinjiang, formerly known as East Turkistan that China has been occupying illegally.   …
Wuhan virus. China. That’s where it originated, and it was unleashed on the rest of the world. #facts
Not one mention of China. Biden coudn't spend 99% of the video criticizing Trump & spare just 1% for the Chinese Communist Party that covered up the coronavirus, silenced doctors & whistleblowers, lied to the world, unleashed a pandemic, & is now blaming the US. Nope. 100% Trump.  …
Bookmark this. When the doubling time of deaths* gets above 3 days, we will have begun to get past the runaway period of the pandemic. Note the current doubling times for China (35 days) & South Korea (12 days). *not cases, which can be underdiagnosed   …
Trump: ‘I wish [China] told us earlier.’ lntelligent Humans: ‘Yeah. They did. We knew. You spent 6 weeks ignoring it, downplaying it, Iying, spreading terrible advice, letting your buddies sell stocks, and acting like Coronavirus was a joke. Our  response is on you.’
Here are the latest case trajectories for major countries: • US case-curve has overtaken China’s • Italy-scale outbreaks remain inevitable for most countries. Lockdowns and test-and-trace are essential, everywhere. • Read more about test-and-trace:  
NEW: Saturday 21 March update of our coronavirus mortality trajectories tracker • Today we add annotations showing when each country locked down • UK & US already have more deaths than when China, Spain, France & others locked down Live version here:  
In a strange twist of events, we should send her to China forever, never to be heard from again. The world will be better for it.
JFM: Was I a bad father, Tom? JC: JC: My name is Jiang Cheng. JC: And we are in ancient China. JC: How did you even-
This is a dangerously misleading statement from a widely shared recent post. Those data were likely from the declining phase of the China outbreak, so will not reflect risk in the growth phase. More here:  
Who in the hell thought it was a good idea to give China control over 90% of our medications ?
The U.S. has surpassed 24,000 cases with nearly 300 dead. We are continuing along the trajectory detailed in my tweets, which means we are schedule to exceed the number of reported cases in China on Tuesday.  …
CCPWuHan Coronavirus is still killing Chinese but CCP is hiding the truth! Break the firewall and let the truth out! The west media is guilty of spreading disinformation for CCP about zero case in CCP’s China. 
Seriously?! The left is now using the hashtag #TrumpLiesPeopleDie Nothing could be FURTHER from the truth! This President has been working day and night to save lives -- it was CHINA who lied to the entire  Why is the left helping spread Chinese propaganda?
My fatherTashmemet abdullah, (57)retired.He suffers from diabetes and cardiovascular blockage.I lost contact with him after May 2017. My father couldn't withstand the harsh environment of the China concentration camp in Xinjiang.I ask #CCP to release my father 
BTW guys our Co-Stream today will be for charity! We will be working with Direct Relief who is coordinating with public health authorities, nonprofit organizations and businesses in China and the U.S. to provide personal protective equipment and other items to health workers!
You want to see someone GO OFF ON CHINA, watch Eric. I know it doesn’t look like we’re 6 ft apart, but we are actually in different states. We interview an awesome creative Patriots (who gives his original music away for free) @michaelbeatty3  …
I don't believe for a second that  party in China got this under control. 
Yet another Biden tweet without Creepy Sleepy. He may be the Democrat with the most delegates going INTO July but he will NOT be the nominee Notice any Radical Left Democrat Governors getting a lot of TV air time during the China Virus crisis? #WuhanCoronaVirus  …
USA GOT ITS FIRST CASE THE SAME DAY AS SOUTH KOREA SOUTH KOREA IS TESTING 15K A DAY CHINA POSTED THE GENOME ON JAN 11 TRUMP IS A LYING LUNATIC INCOMPETENT FAILURE @realDonaldTrump
Uh, that's bullshit, we knew in January when China was disinfecting with firehoses. You arent gonna cover this worthless humps bulbous, obese ass. Obama shut down Ebola in 2014, Trump IS the Virus  …
Next: If you don't stop it call the "Chinese Virus" we will stop shipping medical ingredients, treatment drugs and you won't get the 'Made in China' #COVID19 vaccine, or what?
"If US is so transparent, why not invite @WHO experts to investigate how many #Covid_19 cases there are among 20000 people who passed away during flu season?" Foreign Ministry spokesperson Zhao Lijian @zlj517 asked in his tweet. @MFA_China 
#China Response of Communist China to #CoronavirusPandemic in US. China has always been our enemy never our friend. 
Seriously how much do you think the #Communist #Chinese Government pays this career political hack? To think he was a few states away in 2016, from being one heartbeat away to being China’s dream Manchurian President. No wonder @HillaryClinton had him as her running mate.  …
#COVIDー19 Number of reported deaths per 1,000,000 people as of Mar. 21, 2020 Italy 80 Hubei 45 Spain 30 Iran 19 France 9 Switzerland 9 Netherlands 8 Belgium 6 UK 4 China 2 Denmark 2 Sweden 2 S. Korea 2 Norway 1 Greece 1 Portugal 1 
Remember all the crazy  out of China in January? Why have no videos like that surfaced in the USA?
Breaking this today, Majority of my followers don’t know where am I from and they keep asking me. Some Think I am from India, Some think I am from China, Some think from USA. I live in Pakistan. Irrespective of this, I  to provide you all unbiased reporting always.
While well intentioned, your advice isn't the best. As someone who was in China during SARS and isolated for 2 wks at home when returned, my experience of covering your face and why are directly opposite of what you say.  …
Capitalists tell us that socialist states are inefficient, corrupt & incapable of taking care of people: yet in the coronavirus crisis the US is in chaos, food stores are empty in Britain, & Europe is in panic—whilst China, Cuba, Vietnam are safe & orderly—testing up, cases down.
What if they were this upset at China and Mexican cartels for all the #Fentanyl they've smuggled onto our streets.  …
It took China two months to get everything under control and go a day without a new case, they had to shut everything down, so hopefully around 2 months
How is surrounding yourself with the best experts for this job  How is closing off travel from China when Dems were crying “racism”!   …
"But China hid information from the world" China was working with the WHO before they even had any deaths from COVID-19. They incorrectly punished one doctor because they thought he was being sensationalist. When they realized how serious the disease was they quickly got to work.
"boo boo #chinaliedandpeopledied waah waah those awful asians" literally have you people seen a single thing our prez said it's not that "waah china withheld info", we HAD the information, and the people in charge here willingly ignored that shit 
I don’t know what to say. The information from China was readily available for REPORTERS and REPORTERS ignored and downplayed the threat until basically early March.  …
There are now THREE international studies - China, Australia and France - that found that Chloroquine with Azithromycin Shows 100% Success Rate in Treating Coronavirus in 6 Days. #CoronavirusPandemic #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
After listening to the media what % of people who get the china virus do you think dies from it?
Taiwan has millions of visitors from China and only 45 coronavirus cases. Here’s how. You can do it. It takes planning and determination @realDonaldTrump @narendramodi @dougducey @WhiteHouse @drharshvardhan @AZDHS  …
Canada should NOT be buying any food, of any kind, from China. It’s substandard. And you cannot trust China, or Chinese food manufacturers. They’ve proven they cannot be trusted.
Pompeo: If We Don’t Get To Bottom Of What Happened In China It Could Happen Again  …
#China CCP Spokesman Geng Shuang: "If 'Made in China' is contagious, then don't use made in China face masks, don't use made in China PPE, don't use made in China ventilators. Only by doing so can you avoid the virus" #ABC_challenge #DecoupleChina 
Here is a convenient message to use when dealing with China’s Wumaos 
maybe china, singapore, vietnam, south korea, and the WHO arent all collaborating to pretend the response worked. maybe it actually worked but our governments are incapable of replicating it because theyre intentionally inefficient fuckups who failed to prepare
#Police in #Belgium using #surveillance #drones to warn people about #COVID19 #coronavirus measures, which is exactly what police in Spain are doing, and exactly what police in #China were doing... what was dystopian  normal very quickly in a crisis.  …
Because  from CHINA!!
China is a foreign land with alien customs that I will never like, accept or defend. But who cares? China is not the driving force behind the destruction of our nation. Focusing our energy on them is to distract from the true villains actively destroying us from within  …
Idk if y’all know this but... Mask and anti-bacterial ingredient manufacturing for hand sanitizer were outsourced to China some years ago And.... theres a ship container shortage because China is doing the smart thing and quarantining ships for 14 days CONTD.
If you tested positive for the China virus and you're added into the states count, when you recover, are they removing you from their count? It doesn't sound like it to me. New York says it has 10,000 confirmed cases but fail to say out of the 10k how many fully recovered.
AND JUST LIKE THAT... #CHINA TOOK OVER THE WORLD #CommunistChina #Runs #TheWorld 
For all those who love China. Chinese media blaming the USA and Italy for COVID-19! Saying virus didn't appear in China it was imported from the USA and Italy....Shame.  …
Italy's death toll from coronavirus deaths, which surpassed China in the past week, rose by a record 793 on Saturday 
The "ChinaLiedPeopleDied" hashtag & others like "ChinaDidThis" & "Sanctions4China" are not just counter-factual but conform perfectly with objectives of US information operations as empire trembles at the sight of China's humanitarian soft power influence  
Journalists defending China is like chickens defending KFC Analogy inspired by @MsBlaireWhite #COVID19outbreak #CoronaVirusPandemic #StayHomeStaySafe #CoronaChainScare #COVIDー19 #StayAtHome #ChineseVirus #KungFlu #ChinaKMKB
People are taken aback when China was using drones with speakers to warn people not to congregate outside bc of #coronavirus. Now this is happening in Europe (this is Brussels, there is also footage from 
There is a segment of the Brexit right who desperately want to transfer blame onto the EU, just as Trump is trying to deflect blame for his initial failure onto China.  …
I could have done better than this govt because you just had to do what China did but earlier. It was obvious from the start that this virus was dangerous. We couldn't build hospitals or even ventilators in time so we needed to get ahead of the curve.
New York is: •taking more #Covid_19 tests per capita than China or South Korea, says @NYGovCuomo •the state is doing more testing than any other U.S. state •More testing, more cases; expect it ******55% of cases in New York are ages 18-49*******
people have no way to square with their worldview the overwhelming evidence that china and the rest of east asia handled the virus properly while we're killing hundreds of thousands of people by fucking up the response so we now just have this straight denialism  …
Biden campaign falsely claims scientists are being silenced and threatened w/ "a price for speaking out and speaking up." This is disgusting. Even worse, team Biden make no mention of China -- which actually silenced doctors like Li Wenliang, who died after speaking the truth
"The coronavirus that's been spreading around" -- From where? -- ZERO mention  China "Some countries acted quickly, what did President Trump do? He downplayed it" - FALSE They never mention POTUS quickly shutting down travel, which Biden called "xenophobic"
If they're in Canada... or even China at this point, they might be safer staying.  …
Should China issue an apology?
Actually the UK is refusing to take part in purchasing of medical equipment despite being invited to by the EU. China is providing 2 mil surgical masks 200,000 N95 masks and 50.000 testing kits
Trump's new excuse for why he left us so vulnerable to the coronavirus outbreak, after disregarding months of warnings, is that he shouldn't have had to protect us bc the virus emerged in China? Makes 0 sense. Also, why did he repeatedly praise China's handling of the crisis?
Important to note that the local  in Seattle (where I am) are buying masks from China and donating to local hospitals. So stop calling it the ChineseVirus! XiVirus and CCPvirus are far preferable and more accurate.  …
Whether or not it's wise for the Kremlin to do this - given Russia may well be buckling under the coronavirus itself before long - it's notable that Russia & China have stepped in to help NATO-member Italy, and its long-time ally, the US, has not.
As of February 24th 2020 India was sending China (yes INDIA was sending CHINA) face masks & sanitizers & what not  … . Someone ask @VidyaKrishnan who she had to bribe to get her job because it wasn’t based on her knowledge, research skills, or merit  
China population 1.6b 81,304 confirmed cases Italy population 60mm 53,578 confirmed cases Something is very wrong. China either knows how to contain this and isn’t telling anyone, it's biowarfare and they are covering it up, or they’re grossly lying about cases.
China Orders Citizens To Stop Working At US News Outlets In Beijing  …
UK Govt needs to lock down London and the surrounding Home Counties like what China did with Hubei Province. Checkpoints and curfews need to be in place. Obviously, we need more drastic authoritarian () action since people outright refuse to listen or use  sense.
 … Breaking: FDA approves milestone China Virus test that shows results in 45 minutes
I find it ironic that CHINA KNEW THEY HAD THIS VIRUS in October I believe and did nothing to stop travel and infected the whole world and not one MSM points this out. The WORLD should hold China accountable
Agreed – I have mixed feelings. We have to contain and slow the spread of the China Virus but how many people  suicide because they lost their job 
“The highest priority for shipping should be to get medical equip --but it’s not.” Critical medical supplies, desperately sought in China whose air-cargo capacity fell 40% Major health-care systems desperate for supplies - it’s going to be a long wait.  …
Italy has surpassed China as the country with the highest death toll,  the epicenter of a shifting pandemic.  
Coronavirus deaths reported: China: 3,255 (in 10 weeks) Italy: 4,825 (in 4 weeks)
When Dr. Bruce Aylward (WHO team lead on their #COVID19 China investigation trip) speaks, you should really listen. If you watch one thing today, watch this.  …
This thread about China is very scary. Look at the drop of connections for China  Is China lying about its death toll? Any experts here?  …
Is this a joke? We are way better off even in the midst of the made in China pathogen attack on the world and our economy.
“Readers from across China say they wait past midnight every day, refusing to go to bed before they read Fang Fang’s posts. Some of them are censored by the morning.” ⁦ @aliceysu⁩ on a leading voice of the crisis in  …
China 'Inexcusably' Hid Information About Coronavirus And Should Admit Their Wrongdoing  …
Copped some flack for using a dirt simple exponential growth projection. But back on March 14, when we had 63,500 cases, my model forecast 192,000 confirmed cases outside China on 20 March. Actual figure? 191,000. Not too bad. Spreadsheet:  
I just love @realDonaldTrump he says it as it is! The #ChineseVirus came from China! 
"It is true. Justice always speak loudly," Chinese ambassador Lin Songtian replied, sharing a screenshot of @HillaryClinton's tweet and a China News article highlighting her "racist rhetoric" critique of Trump.  …
5 year old Yuanyuan from Wuhan, #China, peels an orange in a ward where she now lives. Her parents and grandparents tested positive for #covid19 and were admitted to a hospital. She was the only one in her family not infected with the #coronavirus. v/ 
China sees zero local coronavirus cases for third day, imported infections rise  
I agree 100% @JohnCornyn @realDonaldTrump and I hear there will be a $2 trillion dollar bailout/stimulus plan. The swamp has sold America out for decades and China currently holds $1 trillion in American debt. Why not reset that debt to $0 as a consequence to their act of war?  …
Xi Jinping is laughing his ass off at Illinois Democratic Governor Pritzker Governor Pritzer is saying this virus is not tied to any ethnic group and he's tired of the racist remarks. The Governor has been brainwashed. This virus started in China...PERIOD! TRUMP 2020
Italy reports 793 death in one day due to Corona. China is hiding numbers else situation is even worst there. India doesn't have enough testing Kits or they are hiding numbers too. It's real scare! Stay at home today, tomorrow & whenever possible. #CoronaCrisis
Lots of folks, correctly pointed out that we already have the answers we need: It started in China. They destroyed tests, lied to WHO to down play the seriousness & caused a global pandemic. Wow, see how quick that was? So ⁦⁦Ahole kindly STFU!  …
I've seen a lot praise today for this "Evidence over hysteria" piece. Sorry. No. Confirmed cases <> real world growth rates. Why not? #DontTestDontTell China CFR <> real world mortality. Why not? China stopped counting sick and dead in Wuhan. 
[ENG TRANS] UPDATES on China's version of "Queendom" (炙热的我们) Newly CONFIRMED info I found: - Early summer premiere - 8 to 10 groups of different styles/genres and age groups to be invited - There will be boy groups AND girl groups #WayV's participation is still 
Greta Thunberg should be shaming the shit out of China
We Indians under leadership of our PM Shri @narendramodi .. are not Beggars anymore & don’t forget... We (India ) sent Lot Of Medical aid to China recently  …
The American People Are SAFER Because Top Level Manager #PresidentTrump Is In Charge Imagine Chinese Propaganda Puppet #Biden In Charge This #Biden #CoronaVirus "How We Got Here" Video Is Full Of LIES NO Mention Of China 
When others announced aid package, we admitted publicly that #Corona is an epidemic. Jan 7-WHO identified it while China reported first death on Jan 11. We had at least 45 days since then, what precautionary/preventive measures we took ? As usual we were busy flaring up hatred
Every study I've read about the growth of COVID-19 infections, from China to South Korea to Iran to Italy, and then on to Seattle and California and Spain, strongly documents the practical reality that early, aggressive action to stop the spread is vital.  …
Dear all. Let us calm down. We seem to be forgetting that those who are showing up with the COVID-19 are Nigerians who are returning home. A few weeks ago, many were berating Govt for not evacuating Nigerians from China. So the lives of our citizens are not important any more?
@celinegounder on @CNN refusing to claim origin of Covid-19 came from China, these people are the true enemy of the people! Instead she blames global warming & deforestation. This is a Medical Dr?!? Refusing to acknowledge facts! This sickens me to the core! #EnemyOfThePeople
Poland and the Czech Republic block masks and respirators from China and intended for Italy. These are the sovereigns, those who for nationalist selfishness violate not only the basic rules of the Single Market but also the human ones @ThierryBreton
I'm not endorsing Caixin with this share-but this article from Mar 1 re: asymptomatic cases not being included in CCP's stats deserves a read. @911corlebra777 @thespybrief China’s Decision to Leave Asymptomatic Patients off Coronavirus Tally Sparks Debate  …
White House Pushes U.S. Officials to Criticize China For Coronavirus ‘Cover-Up’  … via @thedailybeast
China was eating rats, snakes, bats, fish without scales and still living wolf pups. Th Book of Leviticus spoke about Th importance of NOT eating impure food. Go Figure
China and the WHO's chief: Hold them both accountable for pandemic  …
Nobel Prize American-British-Israeli Michael Levitt: Since The Infection Rate In China Is Slowing Down "The End Of The Pandemic Is Near"  …
Here’s the answer: Had the CCP not kept coronavirus secret for nearly a month, it almost certainly would have been confined to China. So blame the CCP for every death outside China. Blame Trump for U.S. deaths due to failing to prepare.  …
“China no brame for virus. You say you not make things here no more? What u no want cheap Chinese product? Dumb hirrbirry American you regret soon” 
coronavirus outbreak currently spreading all over Th World originated in China and many are looking for answers to how this virus originated and spread so rapidly, already killing dozens of people. Eating Food scripture said DO NOT EAT! FACTS 101
Um, there may be other problems $TSLA is facing in China besides the sales lull due to CV19.  …
Wild Tulip (Tulipa sylvestris) A Eurasian and North African species of wild tulip, a plant in the lily family. Its native range extends from Portugal and Morocco to western China, covering most of the Mediterranean and Black Sea Basins, and Central Asia #Pretty #Flower 
Guys, the @guardian editorial is spor on as it agrees with me in bashing Boris. We should have learned lessons from China and covered it up x  …
#RootCauseAnalysis of causes of #Covid19 infection in Healthcare Staff in #China with mortality of 0.6% - just over 1 in 200 - rather than applaud #NHS staff please get us the best #PPE and thorough training and rehearsal in putting it on and taking it off  
Rock band Trapt just ripped Chris Evans a new one and are now being labeled as “racist.” The MSM media needs to seriously all move to China if they are that sensitive and love propaganda.  …
Posted a long thread within diff convo showing some the data I've been looking at re: % growth in deaths in countries whose data I believe (not China/Iran/Russia). cliffs: virus spreads 20% unchecked, 18 day lag b/w infection+deaths, death rate goes up when hospitals stressed.  …
Is the coronavirus outbreak China's Chernobyl?  via @YouTube
I'm still sticking to my Coronavirus Challenge I WILL NEVER BUY MADE IN CHINA PRODUCTS EVER AGAIN...
Italy now has more deaths than China. They had ~700 deaths in 24 hours! Basically the health system collapsed! SA keeps on increase by ~40 infections per day! Advice from Italians, take this seriously and stay home!
This is why CHINESE statistics have to be taken with a lot of caution : the official line today is « China won and its system is best. » Nothing can go against that. Including statistics.  …
China’s no new cases of the China Virus claim does not take into account the undiagnosed cases or the health of more than 1 million Chinese in re-education camps, where conditions are unsanitary, China Lies!  …
He identified four qualities of a good response 1. Openness about the reality. 2. Willingness to take painful measures 3. Strong logistics 4. Take people with you. The UK is weak on all four counts. China did it after the terror of Wuhan.
Our death rates without adequate care will be more like Wuhan (2.8%). Read the blog by Daniel Falush, a British mathematical biologist based in China. 
Hard FACT #FakeNews won’t report. It’s Ending in China! 71,857 cases cured! Go to the source.  #Wuhan is still bad, but no cause for panic as FakeNews would have us do. Observe CDC precautions. It will be over soon. @Lrihendry @PT4AZ9 
China has gotten its coronavirus infection rate under control and life is slowly returning to normal. Does anyone believe that the US, with less than a third of China’s population and better health care, won’t be able to  the same?  …
Hope #CoronavirusPandemic will bring an end to INHUMANE eating habits across & “wild animal” markets will be closed,especially in #China.It’s 2nd time that faces virus outbreak due to consumption of wild animals: In 2003 (SARS) from civet cat (in photo) & now from pangolin 
As US coronavirus cases skyrocket, the Trump White House launches  plan that directs federal agencies to accuse China of orchestrating a “cover-up” and creating a global pandemic. The talking points appear to have originated in the  …
#COVID19 PSA: that germicidal UV-C lamp you ordered from China likely produces ozone when operating. The symptoms of breathing ozone include: * chest pain * coughing * shortness of breath * throat irritation Sound familiar? Please be extremely careful when using these devices.
Trump Sends Mixed Messages On China, Calling Them ‘Transparent’ And ‘Secretive’ Amid Coronavirus Outbreak  …
Our own racial prejudices did not allow us to believe it but China nailed its response to Coronavirus. Immediate lockdown. Public disinfection. Building hospital in 5 days. Individual quarantine. Testing, testing, testing. Our arrogance made us think we knew better. We were wrong
After My HeartKing @narendramodi I am heartily Impressed and I LOVEThis Bravo Gentleman Mr.Trump. He is a straightforward with Truth no-nonsence Leader "Lest We Forget" Self Consciousness And Reality is China started #CoronaCrisis #Coronavirus 
Think about this for a moment - there is an abundance of media criticism on Trump for not enacting travel restrictions at the US border sooner against China. There is zero media criticism on Trudeau for not closing the border against China sooner. Trump acted before Trudeau did.
Slow down there, buddy. We need to find out how the virus ended up in China in the first place. The GOP rush to judge and punish the Chinese people should be a red flag to the world.
The media will do and say ANYTHING to attack President @realDonaldTrump! What they won't report on are the thousands of AMERICAN LIVES SAVED by President Trump's early and decisive action! Demand China Is Held Accountable for the Chinese Virus:  
I believe them more than China  …
Timeline should start with the private Putin-Trump call on Dec. 29, as Russia & China were already talking about sharing scientists related to the virus. #Covid_19
True South African heroes these guys doing the most against heavily armed (China backed) criminals.  …
China, South Korea and Taiwan are now sending resources around the world to  the coronavirus pandemic. 
If China really is recovering from the Wuhan virus, then why aren't we receiving information from them regarding... 1) a vaccine? 2) a possible cure? 3) help in general? Just asking for about 5.5 billion other people
Hence why he closed flights from China also in late January. What a remarkable coincidence.
Really it is painful to see young man died in line of duty.He was on duty to check temprature of people at China border but no proper protective equipment was provided to him.Likewise many other doctors,nurses,health technician,janitor lives are at stake too.Plz provide them PPE  …
The day Disney China opens the world will know there are no new cases. Until then, no one believes these numbers.
#Coronavirus drama in China There will be more of these types of events in Europe as the situation will worsen in  weeks. #Woman vs 
China have a lot to answer for. Absolute bastards.  …
This paper written by a Chinese Scientist predicted coronavirus outbreak one year before it happened. Title is 'Bat Coronoviruses in China.' Why didin't the Chinese authorities do anything to prevent it?  via @YouTube
China stands with the whole world on fighting  …
"Was Coronavirus a Biowarfare Attack Against China?" Read this article and then give your vote when the poll starts.  …
China needs to be held accountable for the coverup of the China Flu, this could have been contained people!  …
China's ambassador Chen No has already arrived at the Airport. Serbia thanks President Xi Jumping and long live the friendship between both #Serbia and #China 
Air Serbia has landed at Nikola Tesla Airport, with medical equipment and experts from China. #Serbian President Aleksandar Vučić personally  the Air Serbia aircraft, which brings the largest consignment of assistance in the fight against the 
#ResistTheVirus. Do it today. Stay home. Wash hands. Social distance. Check in on friends/family. And join us as we send 10,000 face masks to NY area hospitals. We are buying them in China and donating them to the hospitals. And YOU are making it happen!  
In fact, the virologist was quite nasty in attacking those sounding the alarm early on, like @ScottAdamsSays & @DrEricDing, who reasonably doubted China would lock down millions of people, massively disrupting its economy, on a lark. 3/n 
So with America's nativist "Blame China" consensus growing by the minute, it looks like this was prophetic — but needs to be updated.  …
LVMH orders 40 million masks from China for France  
unfortunately now half of china is hating on the team for forcing a player to livestream, calling double-standards and they are preparing to potentially forfeit in protest. we care about tournament legitimacy. please understand where we  from.
given bloomberg’s obvious interests in china, coupled with his willingness to stifle reporters from his own network during the campaign, it’s not really farfetched to question any story bloomberg runs regarding the chinese regime  …
T-ara's Tiamo was played in the Chinese survival show "Idol Producer: Youth With You",again proving T-ara's high status in China! 
The fact that today, Trump calls the coronavirus, the “Chinese virus,” is not unwarranted. China is the country responsible for this pandemic that has resulted in almost ten thousand deaths so far and has paralyzed the planet’s economy.  …
Wait a second, Ontario is currently looking for masks, test kits and ventilators, while  naive and totally  PM (Trudeau) sent 16 Tones of medical equipment to China??? India stopped exporting ALL medical equipment!!!!  …
China, a powerhouse that is recognized worldwide for its remarkable success inarredting #Covid_19 and now extending soludarity to countries, especially those blockaded by  …
The Coronavirus puts the regime firmly on the hook. Even when the pandemic was full blown flights to China continued. The regime to this day lies about the COVID19 extent. It has no medical resources, human or equipment. When this is over the people will take revenge.  …
The Gov is trying to cope ? The had a map from China of exactly what to do ! Instead they let this virus run riot for 7 Weeks ! How many people are now infected ? No tests, No support for #NHS Staff , No beds. No ventilators & no real plan of action You Zip it !
The would be the same Minister Hajdu who for weeks told us restricting travel bans "do not work" as planes full of passengers from the COVID-19 epicentre of China continued to land at airports across Canada because Trudeau refused enact border restrictions.  …
We can argue about whether China is reporting accurate numbers on Coronavirus, but the more urgent question here is: When will the US flatten the curve?? graph from:  
Can’t have new cases if you stop testing people. It’s big brain time in China.  …
Kenyan mob practices "social distancing" by killing man thought to have China Virus.
I'm seeing a lot of people Stanning for this Chinese factory b/c they think it's in America. Do some research before mashing the retweet button. And keep in mind that China blocked U.S. firms in China from exporting masks to the U.S. when we needed them.   …
4. Dems attempt to steal 2018 election to secure House and Senate with Dem majority. @potus and Repubs keep Senate. FAILED 5. Deep State assets working with Chinese agents release coronavirus “accidentally” into Chinese population and China covers it up for 2 months. Leftist
Wanna collect the most insane liberal and "respectable" takes on the "China Virus" from our ruling classes. Send em if you got em.
China gives a big out of the way support to Pakistan against Coronavirus in time of need  
Dear Mr Pompeo, CCP is the biggest LIARMiles Guo & Bannon & us all are trying hard to spread the truth about the people’s suffering & death in China due to CCP’s inhuman actionsTake down the Communist regime now & restore peaceful world order once & for all  …
Looking forward to a take away from China Red. An occasional but firm family favourite; but we have all decided that we want to support more local restaurants over  weeks in this way.
#COVIDー19 Fatality Rate 9.01% Italy 7.55% Iran 5.43% Spain 4.64% UK 4.02% China 3.89% France 3.75% Netherlands 2.38% Belgium 1.34% Turkey 1.18% Korea 1.16% US 1.02% Poland 0.95% Switzerland 0.41% Austria 0.35% Germany  …
After all the Fake News Media & Leftist schilling for China, now you finally see why China is to blame. Now you see why “Donald Trump no trust China; China is asshole”. #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied 
Feb 5. Schumer was calling a China travel ban an “ongoing was against immigrants” Schumer is a bafoon. 
Hopefully not. And Italy had the disadvantage to be the first one after China. Now we know. But people MUST stay home!
So liberals, Trumpists, and neocons are all in agreement: We must "punish" (aka go to war with) China because of "their" pandemic. Unreal.
We now know the cost of distracting our President with a pathetic & baseless impeachment. While this disaster was spreading through China, the entire focus of the political world was on baselessly removing our President. It’s a damned disgrace!
Clinical Microbiology Reviews 2007 ... “the presence of a large reservoir of SARS-CoV-like viruses in horseshoe bats, together with the culture of eating exotic mammals in southern China, is a time bomb.” Time bomb indeed ... time’s up. 
First they tried to pin it on the US, when got a brutal response, putting all blame on italy. China, world is not blind. We saw what you did, and we will make sure you all pay dearly for it.  …
O Look Captain Obvious John Bolton declares China 'responsible' for coronavirus outbreak, says world must hold them 'accountable'  …
“When Nixon came to China in 1972…an elderly gentleman…began to cry… ‘This is a catastrophe. America  to the rescue of the Chinese Communist Party & the Chinese people will have to pay for many more decades  And he was right.” WATCH:  
The Emissions Impact of #Coronavirus Lockdowns, As Shown by Satellites While the #COVID-19 pandemic has been all-consuming, these satellite images of Italy and #China show its unintended environmental impacts on NO₂ emissions. #COVIDー19  …
China bought us time. Italy provided (and continues to provide) us with a look into the future. The UK and the US have both handled this global health epidemic very poorly. Its undeniable that that will cost lives in both countries.
Elkie × the China line : #Tzuyu, #Sally, #Handong and #Shuhua 
And again, we passed 100k CCU for the first time! Valve have been saying China would be big for us for years, but I don't think they meant this.  …
Watch the liberal media whiplash their entire narrative as the death toll increases. China is responsable for the mass pandemic spread of #coronavirus and all the Leftist politicians & media who shilled for China will suffer the consequences.  …
#Swamp_Busters #2088 China Lied @alexmjordan @twnkltwinkle @491_678 @MyManMap2020 @Dvscott81Scott @Bamafanaticfan1 @tagruber @1lucyhannah @ACEMeSkinny @Courage_Mill @ItoniLl @WalterCInc @NewsMammoth @DeplrbleRzistr @EyesOnTheHoriz1 
TIMELINE 12/31: China alerts WHO about coronavirus. 1/3: DHHS learns about coronavirus, contacts NSC. 1/18: Azar (DHHS) calls Trump. This is the latest date Trump could've first heard about the virus. 1/31: Trump sets partial ban on flights from China.  …
Those of us who usually go out and enjoy the outdoors, do some shopping, gather with friends and family... We are all on lockdown now We have nothing but time to call out your garbage, lying, China pandering,  useless tweets GO AWAY  …
All China had to do was not cover it up, and shut down all outgoing travel. China is 100% to blame for this global outbreak. But yes let's praise China and their efforts. This woman is dumb as  …
Fifth colleague of China's coronavirus whistle-blower 'dies of the disease' as late doctor who sounded the alarm of the outbreak is pardoned by police 
Governor Cuomo just said the NY has tested more ppl for than China and So. Korea! So why are the lefts asking about test, a million of them are in use in NY alone!
There's nothing wrong with China, only the old chestnut scare stories! Otherwise there'd be mass defections, so why isn't there?  …
If you are ignorant enough to believe anything China says. You deserve what you and your family gets. This was NOT an organic event.
No! China stepped up by contributing to the DNC, who caters to them.
Many doctors talking to me saying the best approach might be to put all the ICU patients in one big room like a recovery area, suit up for the day and conserve Masks and personal equipment similar to what was done in China. What do others think? #COVID19
Without "globalization" and "China", how many of us in Africa would have been able to afford flat screen TVs?
Le'ts hope she is NEVER president. If Biden puts her on the ticket, the DOJ must indict her. The Clintons make me ill. They are largely repsonsible for China's economic and military rise. Hillary doesn't care if America lives or dies. All she cares about is Hillary.  …
I suspect China was insincere with number of deaths over #Covid_19
We only have 20,000 cases of the China virus nation wide and most of those don’t require hospitalization. We had 60 MILLION cases of H1N1 with over 300,000 hospitalizations. The hospitals are not overflowing. Get a grip and stop trying to cause panic & fear. 
If the China Virus is a bioweapon gone rogue (suggested by credible sources) then I can totally see the need for the current shutdown. I understand that the government admitting so would cause a severe panic. Yet we need to know the truth in order for people to take it serious.
He still sees the whole crisis as a plot to get him and all evidence to the contrary notwithstanding therefore at least partially a host He blames China to deflect from him He emphasizes state and local role to minimize his responsibility
Jenny just stop. This will not "destroy the economy." Not even close. in 8 years of the worst depression ever, a worldwide depression, we recovered in 1 quarter. The shutdown is to reduce the demand for non-flu drugs from China to cover flu demand. We will rebound rapidly.
After 4 weeks of damage, here is where we stand right now: $SPY US Large -32% $IWM US Small -40% $QQQ US Tech -28% $VNQ US REITs -39% $VTV / $VUG Value vs Growth -4% $EWJ Japan -22% $VGK Europe -36% $EWU UK - 39% $EWG Germany - 38% $EEM EM -29% $MCHI China -20% $INDA India -35%
Everything that happened before January 24, 2020 was China’s fault. Everything after that was Obama’s fault. I take no responsibility! 
It’s a sad state of affairs when you put info given out by the “President” on par with info heard from the homeless guy outside 7-11. I trust  out of China more.
Is that PR speak for “there is a shortage” of PPE But we can’t be any more specific because... Can you all just please priortise China’s offer of aid Italy did. What is @simoncoveney and @LeoVaradkar and @SimonHarrisTD and @Paschald issue? PPE saves  …
Q - Research Notable DRUGS DON’T WORK Coronavirus hits Mexican cartels and leads to shortages of meth and Fentanyl as chemicals can’t be sourced from China. Cartels can no longer secure the chemical ingredients.  …
The hate on @narendramodi by marxists in India is laughable. India was sending aid to China two months ago. Try and be kind @VidyaKrishnan, it will help your perspective on  …
“These talking points are all anyone is really talking about right now,” one official said. “Everything is about China. We’re being told to try and get this messaging out in any way possible, including press conferences and television appearances.”  …
Imagine Milan: suddenly over a period of days (mostly from Jan 20-23) hundreds or thousands of tourists from Wuhan arrive for their New Year holidays. You have no idea of the threat, by the time you start to have an idea they have returned to China, to be strictly monitored there
China knew about it the first week of December. You trying to cover up China's horrific crime against our world & trying to blame it on the first leader to take action & close the borders to China, is very telling that you are trying to deflect attention away from your crimes...  …
“[China] wasted valuable days at the front end, allowing hundreds of thousands of people to leave Wuhan.” The #CCP covered up the #CCPVirus, said @SecPompeo, warning that a similar situation could unfold “if we don’t get to the bottom of  …
If only! “Sen. Josh Hawley says China should be made to foot the bill for global suffering from coronavirus pandemic” | Fox News  …
Chinese propaganda machinery will successfully cover up the real number of deaths. Western countries don't have the guts to question China but rant endlessly against India. Of course there is no dearth of CPC lovers in India.  …
A State analysis showed that as of last week, about “95 percent of China’s cities and prefectures had reported zero new cases in the past 14 consecutive days as of March 19, including 16 of the 17 prefectures and cities in Hubei Province."  …
WHY did @realDonaldTrump say in his #TrumpLiesPeopleDie press conference that, #quotes “I wish CHINA had warned us like 3-4 months before it got this bad..or we would have done more” R U KIDDIN #read @putinsgay article & my reply TRUMP KNEW #COVID19 DEC ‘19 &  …
The Trump administration is increasing the rhetoric that China is to blame for this. It’s a feeble attempt to vilify a minority and have someone to “blame” for  failure. Don’t fall for it. They will blast this narrative out on FOX and at rallies, just watch...
Goodbye  China 
Blaming Trump when the real culprit was China and the WHO for not warning the rest of the world sooner.  
WTH!! 627 deaths yesterday and 793 deaths today. Italy is the only country honest about figures. China and Iran lacks clarity with the exact numbers. India needs to learn and go  LOCKDOWN hands down.  …
This is so true, Joy. Media is now the enemy of truth, justice and the American people. Their only agenda is to bow down to their globalist corporate owners, which means siding with China over America! Our founders never thought media would betray their nation! #FireMSM 
When the world emerges from this nightmare, China needs to be made a pariah state. No travel to the West, no trade (this will be painful but necessary), total economic isolation. Nations will need to have a goal to be as self-sufficient as possible. We can't rely on a rogue state
Synopsis of Trump press conferences now. "I'm doing a great job, anyone who says otherwise is fake news. It's all China and Obama's fault. WAAAAAAAAAA!"
#Espanyol and China striker #WuLei has tested positive for #Coronavirus. #CoVid_19
Just your daily reminder that referring to the corona virus as the “China virus” or the “Wuhan virus” is incredibly racist and xenophobic. So please stop now. Thanks!
They’re here! Medical experts from China arrived to Belgrade from Shanghai tonight on our Airbus A330 “Nikola Tesla”, bringing also significant amount of medical aid. We thank the brotherly people of China - we will never forget. Together we win! #weareairserbia 
The populist right tries to escape its failure to protect its people by turning critics into traitors working for China. Me in @ObserverUK on conmen in a  …
US debt to China is 1 Trillion+ Covid-19 Biological warfare? Act of war? Reparations? How much is the Stimulus? $1 Trillion How much in reparations?
NEW: We got a hold of some of the NSC talking points on China+coronavirus. "The Party cared more about its reputation than its own people’s suffering.”  …
Many liberals, including media hacks) need to be reminded how they attacked @realDonaldTrump & anyone else who tried to act early against #COVID19 & China’s careless spreading of the illness. The montage should help jog memories. 
This is something I’ve never understood. How did China largely avoid the virus everywhere other than Hubei? If they did ….  …
China lied at the start to the COVID-19 outbreak, and it made things worse for world: President Trump believed & parroted those lies (over the objections of our civil servants) ensuring that US (despite our wealth) is the least prepared country in entire world.
Okay, what do we think will happen first?: - A beloved celebrity from our childhoods dies from coronavirus OR - Kid Rock posts a picture on Instagram of himself golfing with Trump, and a caption like “just two American badasses who ain’t gonna let China ruin our fun!”
So we got 1. China is lying 2. Pop density 3. Age of Population 4. Italy public health cares stinks 5.  with their gov demands while Italians don’t. Is that a fair consensus
China, South Korea and Taiwan are now sending resources around the world to  the coronavirus pandemic. 
Wishing @PUBGMOBILE a happy 2nd birthday! They've proven that porting a popular IP from PC to Mobile can be a brilliant move. Boasting 400 million players, PUBGM player base is almost double that of Fortnite & would be the 3rd biggest country in the world behind China & India.
So they now have the best stock market in the world I smell a rat, a Chinese one #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #china 
QQ Music is one of the largest music streaming platforms in China. With 92,000 followers, Suga is the 3rd most followed member. #SUGA #방탄소년단슈가 #BTS #슈가 
2007: "The presence of a large reservoir of SARS-CoV-like viruses in horseshoe bats, together with the culture of eating exotic mammals in southern China, is a time bomb. The possibility of the reemergence of SARS and other novel viruses from animals or laboratories...." 
I’ll take that bet. Italy trusted what  out of China thru the WHO. And did not stop flights like America did.
LATEST NEWS LIVE: Belgrade, Nikola Tesla Airport President of Serbia & China's ambassador to Serbia  China's medical experts & supplies. President of Serbia: "Thanks to President Xi, China and the Chinese people. We will never forget their solidarity and help to Serbia" 
Lessons from Italy, Iran & China From China : not to lie From Italy : no kissing palms of father in the church From Iran : not to lick shrines and mosque's walls
The West sends sanctions and bombs; China sends test kits. I don't know about you, but I'm looking forward to the end of US-led capitalist hegemony and to the establishment of a multipolar world.  …
SPOT ON! We need to get out of China!  …
They were clearly trying to get the president to pay attention and take it seriously. They were reporting about China’s lies. Was that wrong?
Looks China is Safe Now... China Should Pay for what they did to the World!! Fuck #Corona #Covid19 #Covid19India 
Air China staff takes temperature at Munich airport. The German authorities still don’t... 
Did you know the Chinese Govt spokesman #LijianZhao @zlj517 who lied about the US spreading #CoronaVirus in China was once known as 'Muhammad Lijian Zhao'. Look hereain't he a cute jihadi working inside Beijing? 
There is no country in the world where silencing the media or under-representing this crisis did not backfire badly. The world is in this mess today bc China withheld crucial information from the public. If you think that somehow, it will work well in Nigeria, good luck to you.  …
“Trump has responded to the coronavirus outbreak by (among other things) promising it would go away by itself, playing golf, blaming China, blaming the media, blaming Democrats, lying about it…and saying he’s responding to it perfectly.” Me in  …
PS/ Beyond Crimson Contagion—a public health simulation—warning Trump about a pandemic in August 2019, we know DHHS and US intelligence warned Trump well before late January. We know China went to the WHO in late December. Trump waited *weeks and weeks* to act to protect America.
Remember when Trump restricted travel from China right away and liberals called him racist? I do. Trump saved thousands of lives by doing exactly what needed to be done. #TrumpLiesPeopleDie couldn’t be more false.
The #coronavirus won't kill globalization but I can tell you that nearly all my law firm's clients are doing ALL they can to move their manufacturing from China. Some to the US, but most to #Thailand, #Mexico, #Vietnam, #Poland, #Turkey #Malaysia,  …
#CoronavirusPandemic didn't shake China as tremendous and appreciable work done by Chinese nation. We all must learn something from this persistent country. Stay blessed @zlj517 @willripleyCNN 
The UK hit 220 deaths at the same stage Italy hit 197. The fact we had a month warning from them (longer from China), plenty of opportunity to learn & international advice which we chose to ignore  unforgivable. Many of those people could still be alive.
Then maybe you should tell your friends in Qatar to quit selling and rerouting natgas to China until the CCP submits to full international transparency on the origins, response, and coverup of COVID-19.  …
Media: #정국 proves his unrivaled popularity in China. #Jungkook is the most subscribed @BTS_twt member in China on all 5 major music apps. It’s notable that he's most subscribed on all these platforms without a solo release yet.  
Don’t get Donald Trump saying today that #China should’ve informed the #USA earlier about the #coronavirus giving his country more time time to prepare. My first twitter conversation about it was on the 31st of December so I knew about it 3 months ago. His people must’ve.
Right sir. And yet it’s called Spanish. If China has its way, this coronavirus will be called American. China says US troops brought it to Wuhan. Fixing accountability for a pandemic like this of paramount importance.
And also because China lies about everything...
I have friends who knew what was going on in December, hearing from friends in China. The government must have been hearing those reports as well, and ignored them.
Trump's claim that he learned about coronavirus around the time he disallowed certain flights from China—the end of January—is a lie. I and others have jumped on this. We still don't know the exact date Trump learned about coronavirus—but we know he's lying about how late it was.
China is faking its recovery from the coronavirus outbreak: report – True Pundit 
President Trump implementing the China travel ban will be the most important decision he makes during his entire presidency. Joe Biden responded that is was fearmongering and xenophobic. Biden cannot be president--he is too weak to make those calls. TRUMP SAVED LIVES.
All I hear is "china strong, trump bad, orange and stuff. Coronavirus USAs fault."
"China has a large population; there’ll be no difference without you!" a sick Wuhan resident was told by  staff when asking for assistance. The latest #CCPVirusupdates ➤  
The presence of large reservoir of SARS-CoV like viruses in horseshoe bats, together with the culture of eating exotic mammals in southern China is a time bomb. Published in October 2007. 
Satellite imagery shows dramatic reduction in air pollution over China since the novel coronavirus outbreak, as people remained largely isolated and out of public spaces. 
President is have his daily briefing on the China virus on FOX. MSNBC and CNN not airing it. I guess they don't want to know.
@HillaryClinton While YOU and @SpeakerPelosi were still pushing the impeachment hoax, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump was ALREADY ahead of the curve, shutting down flights from China; @SenSchumer posted a Tweet castigating him for it 
its all well and good saying china hid it from the world but it very publicly quarantined a population larger than Britain on the 23rd of January, there was plenty of time for other countries to take that action seriously and react and we didnt at all  …
@Benaskren Some population densities.... US - 90 ppl per sq mile China - 396 ppl per sq mile Italy - 532 ppl per sq mile
Nothing to do today? How about reading an "Ancient China Meets Steampunk" war novel, plot is about political/war struggles with parallels to historic events and a bonus of a long distance slowburn romance. The main tl is just finished too!  …
If China had stopped people from leaving Wuhan just 3 days earlier, five million would not have left - a large percentage for holidays all over the world
If the Italy death toll continues on its current path it’ll peak at around 15k and deaths will total around 30k. China was lucky. They largely prevented spread out of the epicentre. They locked down hard and they locked down early. Their political culture made that possible.
Are the numbers from China accurate? I don’t know....  …
That’s strange. She still allows hourly flights from China; until moments ago she  any illegal border crossers at Roxham Road. But when  to Canadian citizens, she’ll drop the hammer.  …
Why Trump started calling the coronavirus the "Chinese Virus. Because it came from CHINA just like the Spanish flu came from Spain. He wanted to be accurate. Leave it at that. DemoBrats have to find a racist other than their candidate  …
why am i still seeing tweets about how this virus is a punishment for china? these people need to isolate from their phones.
John Bolton declares China 'responsible' for coronavirus outbreak, says world must hold them 'accountable'!!  … ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩
#ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied the difference between this hashtag and the one that's in second place is that there's actual evidence that China lied and people died, oanda media is carrying water for one over the other 
"I wish they could have told us earlier about what was going inside … China was very very secretive." 
Now China is peddling another conspiracy theory that Italy had COVID-19 much before #WuhanCoronavirus broke out in China !! CCP propaganda has no limits  …
Racist Trump has horrible track record as POTUS, all he bragged for pat 3 yrs was stock market. Now that was gone. He is so desperate that he is resorting to blame game on China. He actually blamed Europe too just 10 days ago. Focus on saving lives. Blame others won’t help.
Why is Italy so much worse than China? @Cernovich
President Trump took decisive action early on to restrict travel from China. Joe Biden called him "xenophobic." "I was [called] a racist because I decided that I didn't want to have people that could hurt our  in." 
China & Russia have both funneled millions & millions of damn good money to the Clinton's over the years. They sure as Hell expect returns on it. @HillaryClinton @BillClinton @ChelseaClinton @chelseahandler  …
As #Italy faces a biblical #CoronavirusPandemic, #Russia and  to its assistance. As #Iran faces a #CoronaCrisis, the U.S imposed criminal sanctions, but Russia and China once again help. The U.S Gov is the definition of the axis of evil.  …
#WhenThisIsAllOver we need to have a  moment as a nation and realize that our reliance upon China for the cheap manufacturing of our goods is detrimental to our survival. We need to be willing to pay more to make our goods here in the USA. #MadeInAmerica
IMO nothing wrong with calling coronavirus the Chinese or Wuhan Virus, China tried covering this up, many people have died and this virus has shutdown the world, they need to take blame for what they have done, also many other viruses are named after regions they originate from
China is using the incohesive chaos of the US' internal effort to battle COVID-19 to flip the global narrative. "Health Silk Road" is a very deliberate word choice that dovetails with its larger Belt and Road influence operation. Our media   …
Ben Norton is a fascist apologist who has never met a totalitarian dictatorship he would suck off. China is lying. They’ve been lying for months.  …
Please read this piece on the difference between mitigation and suppression strategies. We must follow the example of China and other East Asian countries in stopping the virus in its tracks. Millions of lives are potentially on the line.  …
All of America approach! Not an all of Government! Pay attention this is going 2 matter soon! Love how our President @POTUS removed the false positive tests & medicines as well as PPE from democrats partners n China! Dems plan falling apart even w/DS fauci 
¡Muchas gracias China! #UnidosLoHacemos @weiasecas @juliojiangwei  …
China's slow reaction to the COVID-19 outbreak and covering up the true extent of its danger caused needless “suffering” around the world. And, of course, Crooked Hillary sides with China regime. #ChineseVirus #COVID19  …
I was called ‘XENOPHOBIC’ by sleepy Joe Biden, I was called a racist by D-RATS for restricting travel with China back in January! D-s HATE AMERICA  …
No being able to get Donald Trump saying China out ma head  …
he’s hella famous in china too... idk honestly nobody made anyone famous, both were acclaimed artists prior to this shit show but their demographic is just so different-
There was a post where China is blaming Italy for virus !! Anyone has the link
What a joke. Driven by politics and not objective info, clearly thinks #Trump more to blame than #China. Thank GOD we are not led by people like this any more. And while, I have you, how many takes (or naps) would it have required for #Biden to do this himself?  …
In fact, we are over 60 days into the US phase of this pandemic. We're a little over 11 weeks into the US government's awareness of coronavirus spreading in China. If we're only 6 days into the US government's response, that's damning.  …
“I felt it was a pandemic long before it was called a pandemic.” You today: "I wish China would have told us earlier." The outbreak was declared a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on January 30. You can't even keep track of your own lies anymore.
And now the Activists "Journalists" think that OUR President shouldn't tell us what OUR country is doing to fight a pandemic. We should all listen and drink the kool-aid of our Soros and China masters instead. GTFO!
Over the years there has been many news articles about Red China having to slaughter chickens, fowl, pigs, pigeons, rats, fish stocks over weird and abnormal diseases only they we’re experiencing. @mitchellvii
Yes, China bungled its initial response, and I have severe reservations about some measures they implemented to control Covid-19. That said, why the obsession about China ... We need to take responsibility globally, and act decisively now if we hope to protect all we hold dear.  …
Is any of our National Debt owed to China? If so, can we tell China that whatever this virus costs us, our debt to them will decrease equally?
With currently 22,738 cases of coronavirus infections, the US has  the 4th most infect country behind China, Italy & Spain. At the current speed +30% a day, it will overtake China with 81,008 cases in only 5 days. True disaster. 
obama* CFIUS approvals... ...especially for @JoeBiden’s China connections(China’s 1.6 Billion dollar investment) Should ALL be investigated for possible TREASON... EVERYONE of these intellectual transfers have DUAL USE MILITARY applications... ...or don’t need approval 
President Trump took decisive action early on to restrict travel from China. Joe Biden called him "xenophobic." "I was [called] a racist because I decided that I didn't want to have people that could hurt our  in." 
Donald Trump no trust CHINA; China is a$$hole! #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied
Educate the children then. It is not hate nor xenophobic. It is just factual. It is the Chinese Communist Party manipulating vital health information that affects humanity. Drop the destructive political rhetoric. By the way, China has  regime.  …
January: “Lalala #Covid no biggie, hey we got a China Trade Deal (we didnt)!” #TrumpVirusCoverup #CoronavirusPandemic 
Did they put Arif Alvi and Shah Mehmud in PIMS for 14 days after they returned from China?  …
China has unparalleled expertise and experience to share. As long as its domestic situation is under control, I think China will contribute all it has. In this sense, Covid-19 is a golden opportunity for China to demonstrate leadership and responsibility.”  …
An overseas Chinese student returned to China due to the #CCPvirus outbreak.  that the quarantine site was used for infected patients, and it looked as if it wasn’t thoroughly cleaned or disinfected. The latest #CCPvirusupdates ➤  
Wake up America, China controls the supply change for a lot products we use every day! We need to bring manufacturing back to America! Trump 2020.
What this and other evidence shows is that the whole world was pandering and slobbering over Red China for its cheap products and its buying of raw materials. This was Globalization at it’s worse! The world ignored the Red Chinese microbiological threats, including Obama/Biden.
Must read article about the  and irresponsibility of the WHO chief in handling the #CoronaVirusPandemic. It also highlights how he became the mouthpiece for China, defending its indefensible actions. Both WHO and China must be held accountable 
4 minute, 25 second video released by the Biden campaign. How many mentions of China, where the virus began? ZERO Unbelievable. The Biden campaign is carrying the Chinese Communist Party’s water.  …
Opinion Poll #Poll Did China attack us by intentionally creating & releasing this virus?
China told the WHO on 12/31/2019 Told us 1/3/2020 He did nothing while it spread
Just found out the reason my site was down this morning is because I share a server with @UncoverDC. After a piece they put up about China’s growing business with Italy, less than 12 hrs later a cyber attack originating from China took down our server. TOTALLY NORMAL
It makes sense but if we don't count those people will hide the extension of the pandemic, which is very dangerous. The right response should be find a way to test people, like China, Taiwan, Singapore, South Korea. After all, we live in the best country in the world, right?
tests in China, Australia and France show the use of these drugs had a 100% success rate in treating #ChinaVirus patients within 3-6 days. Why does our President continually get bashed by the press for offering a possible hope. NY is getting 50,000 doses to try on their  …
Friends of a Chinese property tycoon are worried about the man’s whereabouts after he published an article criticizing China’s coronavirus response 
Chinese state media @globaltimesnews ( mandarin version) now saying Virus was already in #Italy before the outbreak in China, implying #COVIDー19 originated in Italy. I guess US’s tough position made China’s attempts to blame US failed so now they shifting blame to the Italy 
#COVIDー19 Cumulative deaths due to #Coronavirus and the various measures taken by the authorities in China, Italy, The Netherlands, Spain, the UK, Germany, Iran & Greece Stay safe Stay home 
Patriots Please read this short thread of Sidney’s re China along w/other eye-opening impactful related posts on her TL. For the sake of our cntry we must be better educated abt the evil insidious intentions & our susceptibility. (Read this Creed often! TY Sidney) 
#CPEC #China #Pakistan Economic Corridor Western Route: Indus River Under construction near Mianwali at 285 Km #DIKhan #Islamabad #Motorway M-14 Photo Credit:Danial Khan 
China is sterilizing its streets daily, meanwhile the UK has people fighting over bog rolls in the Asda and Boris looking like a startled rabbit caught in the headlights of a  juggernaut. China had NO new cases...just saying.
#DrFauci's inward lip  with his jaw jut & his jaw clenching indicate that his adrenaline is surging & he's trying to maintain  He's feeling strong emotions of disagreement w/ Trump regarding China's cooperation & transparency. #Coronavirus 
Bill Gates talks about #COVID_19: Isolation in China created a lot of difficulties for the people involved but they were able to stop the case spread.  of testing and social isolation clearly works and that is all we have until we get a vaccine. 
“I was called ‘Xenophobic’ by Sleepy Joe Biden. I was called a ‘Racist’ by Democrats” for restricting travel with China in January." 
China has reported no new domestic COVID-19 cases for the past three days. Only imported cases reported. Life is starting to return to normal across most of the country. Resumption of business rate is near 70%. Restrictions being eased on travel.  …
They won’t stop trying to kill our animals. Even in current global climate. All sent from China!  …
Why did Trump lie to the American people for months? Why did Trump disregard his medical experts for months? Why did Trump ignore the  for months? Why did he say China was handling this "really well" and ignore Joe Biden's warning not to take their word?  …
Trump claiming that he got ALL his early information from the media. So he totally disregarded U.S. intelligence reports he got back in January! Trump "I wish China would have told us more about what was going on in China, long prior to us reading about it," in the news. 
Is it just me or are the countries regarded classically as  like Russia, China and Cuba doing everything right and the capitalist "good guys" will all end up depending on them?  …
He stopped travel to and from China in January and was called racist
China kept Taiwan out of WHO. Taiwan tried to warn us about #Wuhanvirus in Dec. That was blocked. WHO followed CHina lead. WHO lied. China lied. Now we face an economic apocalypse. #cdnpoli #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
1. Biden couldn't do this video himself because he'd be a disaster 2. Nonstop factual errors here 3. He doesn't even mention China?????? 4. The entire "how things got this bad" portion is about Trump instead of China  …
I can’t believe people gave keys to Donald trump and he broke America. The fact that this administration watched China fall the F apart and they did NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. And now here we are. Blood all over his hands.
KKM currently have 925 ventilators. 1 ventilator costs around RM100,000. KKM need an additional 500 ventilators (initially they needed around 700 but apparently there were donors fulfilling some of that need). Allocation is given and in process of procurement from China.
Hmmm. Didn’t your party call him xenophobic for shutting down travel w China? I thank God everyday that you are not POTUS. I cannot imagine how many more Americans would be dead w your fear of action bc you are worried more about being PC than u are about American lives.
ok i forgive china  …
Canada is considering shutting down travel between provinces but it still hasn't stop  in from China. Has Trudeau lost his fucking mind? #cdnpoli
Media: How dare you give too early of statements or restrict travel from China. Media: You acted too late...
united states is absolutely floundering on how to handle this meanwhile china had the most aggressive and effective pandemic response in maybe history
china and cuba are such forces of good in this world
Credit where credit is due, China  …
Trump says he wishes China told US earlier about coronavirus, says 2-3 MONTH warning wld have been very helpful. But Trump admin thought coronavirus was serious enough that they hosted an emergency briefing on the virus for ALL SENATORS on Jan. 24 -- nearly two months ago
CCP's next scapegoat for spreading #WuhanCoronaVirus after #USA is... ... #ITALY!!! Title of an article going viral in #China today: "Renowned Italian Expert: Before the coronavirus outbreak in China, the virus may be already spreading in Italy" The CCP is going absolute nuts.  …
Also as @TimMurtaugh pointed out— there’s an entire section on “how things got so bad” that doesn’t even mention China. That.. is insane. But a helpful tell from the Biden campaign that they hope to echo the Chinese gaslighting propaganda that this is all America’a fault.  …
Trump: "China has worked very hard." He adds, "China's not a beneficiary here. China has lost thousands thousands of people. China has gone through hell over this...I just wish they could've told us earlier."
Seriously, Meghan? What would your father, whom I voted for twice, have done? Run out to the press yelling, "We're all gonna die!!" He had already restricted travel from China and fast tracked vaccine production by Jan. 31.
"China was very secretive." Trump said he wishes China had given the U.S. an "advance warning" about the 
Umm. When IC experts told him China was lying about containment and spread, Trump refused WHO testing and shut down travel, a month after it was too late. Trump fired the experts in 2018.  no one asking Bolton about his  here?
I don’t know who needs to hear this but China is asshoe
China has no new cases of the coronavirus in Wuhan because they stopped bothering to test anyone. Solid.  …
Trump: "I have great respect for that country...for the leader of that country (China), and like him. He's a friend of mine. But I wish they...would have told us earlier..."
Coronavirus cases worldwide cross 300,000 The 5 countries with highest number of cases are China 81,008 Italy 53,578 Spain 25,374 USA 22,738 Germany 21,854 They have 68% of all cases
Majority with Covid-19 suffer mild symptoms, then recover, data from China shows  …
WTH are you talking about Hillary? He shut down flights from China immediately and your moronic democrat party/msm were crying about it by calling him a xenophobe. SMH
Hey Jon Cryer We are all much better now, thanks. Had HRC been elected POTUS. Many more Americans would be dead bc she would have kept travel w China & Europe open much longer out of fear of offending others and not watching out for the America people first. So kindly fuck off
Funny that a video claiming to describe “how we got here” makes no mention of the virus originating in China. Why is that?  …
Pence lies, for the forty millionth time, that Trump 'shut down all travel from China in January.' The changes were made in February. And the changes did not stop flights from China, it just directed flights from China to specific airports.
Trump blames China for his slow response to coronavirus. Then says Dr. Fauci would liked to have known earlier from China about the coronavirus. Dr Fauci’s response says everything: 
Takeaway from every Trump corona presser: Tests? Relax,  Geeze./ Masks? Relax,  Geeze. / Ventilators? Relax,  Wow. / Trump? Doing great. What a call to close the border to China! /The American people? Wow! So great. They’re phenomenal.
So the Left is praising China for how they "claimed" to have flattened the curve... The same China that lied about the breakout? The same China that jailed whistleblowers? The same China that refused cooperation? The same China that blamed America for the virus? #COVIDー19
The media is now attacking President Trump for not being harder on China because he said that China should have told us sooner but that they are also suffering. Same people that keep calling him a racist for saying Chinese Virus. It doesn't matter what he says they attack him.
. @JDiamond1 just asked Pres Trump about this tweet praising China's "transparency." Trump: "Because it was true. China has worked very hard...China has lost...thousands of ppl...They were transparent at that time...They could have been transparent much earlier than they were."  …
Things UK needs to do yesterday: • Build Corona Hospitals like Germany, USA & China • Implement *Individual* Isolation using Hotels for those with mild symptoms • Institute public disinfection campaigns of parks, trash cans, benches, traffic lights etc • Full public lockdown
The President is forced to defend China when confronted with one of his tweets praising China from January 
And to be clear, the argument here isn't just that China made mistakes. It's that the Chinese regime is *directly* to blame for the outbreak—and, by extension, the economic devastation and the thousands of lives lost to this virus  …
People who worry about offending China were late. What should you do? Look at who was early. Promote them. They took the chances to warn you. Learn this. Always ask who took the risk and the heat.  …
Two things can be true at the same time: Trump saved lives by shutting down travel from China/Europe... ...and... Trump's lies (and the Right Wing Echo Chamber's sycophantic propaganda) about the Coronavirus being a hoax....will also cause people to die  …
#COVIDー19 Ongoing WH Task Force briefing: POTUS says China was very “secretive,” “I wish they could have told us earlier. They knew they had a problem,” and acknowledges China’s suffering, death toll, “they have been through hell” @CBSNews
Our President donates his $450 000 salary to Charity & the idiotic press is asking about Trump properties! The dishonesty of our so called Journalists is dangerous & frightening! These fools are now saying China gave us accurate info. regarding The China Virus! Get the hell out!  …
Encouraging: French Clinical trial 36 patients treated in 3 Groups for 6 days (Graph): 1- Black: No drug 2- Blue: Hydroxycholorquine (HxC). 50% virus cleared 3- Green: HxC + Azithromycin: 100% cleared in 5days More news from China trials next month  
If you consider yourself to be on the left yet share these same views as the US government: China is bad All  states have been hellish dystopias Maduro is a dictator Regime change in Syria is good Please dig deeper on where these  from
Trump said at today's press conference over & over "I wish they would have told us earlier," about China. Trump acknowledged we should have started preparations in January. WE NEED A PRESIDENT THAT LISTENS TO US INTELLIGENCE REPORTS!  …
Asked why he praised China's response and "transparency" on Jan. 24, Trump says, "Because it's true." Reminded he's now saying China wasn't transparent about the virus, he says, "They were transparent at that time."
Everyone is feeling a lot of stress over what the China virus has done to our lives. Let's remind ourselves to take a deep breath and count to 10 when the  over us. Texas hospital sees spike in child abuses cases, possible link to coronavirus  …
Crazy. Trump press conference. He cannot explain his stance regarding China now vs January. Just BS and con man speak. Lots of hand motion and vagueness.
Live animal markets are back up & running in China as if nothing ever happened. what is the point in all of this if we don’t learn something? & make positive changes? you can help end this - please sign the petition.  …
This piece by Senator @MarshaBlackburn couldn’t be more timely. She is sponsoring a bi-partisan bill to address China's production of active pharmaceutical ingredients for life-saving medicines.  …
China is proof that IQ nationalism is dumb. Let's say we believe that asians have a slight spatial IQ advantage over whites. Neat. Chinese installations have 10-20 times the number of occupational accidents as the US and Europe.
China informed the world on Dec 31 when they had 27 cases of a strange viral pneumonia Two months later when the US had even more cases of #Covid19 Trump was calling it "like the flu, it'll just disappear" Really doubt China telling us a week earlier would've made any difference
God help China if it can be proven they intentionally released the coronavirus. This is not on President Trump. He was on top of this early on. And the left called him a racist for taking action. China owns this. Remember that. #ThankYouPresidentTrump
Trump says China has been secretive. In January, he praised China’s transparency. Asked about this contradiction. Trump says well, China was transparent at the time. He has no idea what he’s saying.
Trump wished China could’ve told him about The Democratic Hoax sooner. Ffs. #QAnon #MAGA #MAGA2020 #OtherTardsOnTwitter
Jeremy Diamond: Why did you tweet on January 24 that the U.S. appreciates China's transparency on the coronavirus? Trump: Because it was true. But if Trump knew it was a problem on January 24, why did he continue to call it a "hoax" that would magically go away?
This is getting tedious ... Yes, China bungled its initial response to Covid-19. Then they controlled it and gave the rest of the world 2 months to prepare. That time was squandered. Now, is the time for action, decisiveness, and taking responsibility, not blame and bickering.  …
#Presidementia Press Briefing: Trump says re Olympics, Abe is a great friend, and beyond that he simply babbles. He does the same on next question about China, repeating his stock phrases. Simple question, wandering unresponsive reply. Cognitively he is obviously impaired.
Jeremy Diamond asks then why did Trump tweet in (January? didn't catch it) praising China for their actions & transparency. Trump steers around it, his skill is continually saying contradictory things—China is great, China is bad—while avoiding addressing his own responsibility.
Has there been a single question over the past few days for the experts -- Fauci and Birx -- about whether they believe China's claims to have no new cases? Most experts are saying that cases will pick up when areas relax mitigation, as has happened in China.
Q: When did you learn about the virus outbreak? Pres Trump: I wish they could have told us earlier. We didn't know until it  out earlier. China was very secretive. If we had a 2-3 months time difference, it would have been great. Note:  …
Trump is not wrong that China should have been transparent sooner. But Trump repeated China's pattern of denial and delay.
@JDiamond1 notes that Trump previously lauded China's "transparency" over coronavirus.
Inadequacies of developed democracies , so-called First World in dealing with Corona Crises are  more than evident. Only China, Presidential Form ”with benefits“ has succeeded so far. Gets you thinking, doesn’t it? Forget the rest, even Mullahs aren’t listening to logic. 
One area where President Trump and I happen to disagree.. I have NO respect for China.
He keeps claiming that he "likes" China but wishes he'd known earlier, he would have liked 3-4 more months. "China was very secretive." It's PURE gaslighting,  rewriting the actual history, which is that he knew through intelligence briefings & refused to prep.
He’s lying. He’s lying non-stop. China and the US had their first case on the same day.
I've been alive for over a half a century and I really can't believe what I'm seeing. We've effectively shut this country down. Total cases: 15,219, Total deaths: 201 in the US. Not really over a virus from China, but over fear. God is the one that calls me home, not a virus. 
Q: When did you learn this would first be a problem. Trump ducks and weaves and moves to blaming China
Right there with you. I've followed this thing since late December in China. I was warning people about the threat of this virus spreading in January. People thought I had lost it. Now they  to me saying I was right. It's sad that the message hasn't reached everyone.
Anyone who praises China for their response or uses China as a cudgel to attack the American response is a useful idiot for a regime that is literally operating concentration camps on a persecuted religious minority. Since we’re confirming our priors.
I can vouch for our medical lab in Ohio. We only received 50 tests out of 3,000 on order. No idea when the rest  3 days ago. 3/6/20 #GrandpaRanty said "anyone who wants a test can get a test" We are a week away from "China is paying for the masks" 
I appreciate the reporting that our intelligence agencies briefed the government on COVID-19s spread in China in January. But anyone paying attention to pandemic threats, public safety, and emergency planning was well dialed in by early January, the threat was clearly visible.
Eg, that they are in the pay of China. That they  That they are part of a political conspiracy to gain power -- as if a person who has sold their soul for a mess of pottage can no longer conceive of anyone who hasn't.
We should pull all manufacturing out of China. Medicines and  supplying America -cease all operations. Bring these jobs and industry back home to the heartland. Rely on China no more. Hire American. Made in America #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
Now, Trump is actually blaming the media for not informing him early enough so that he could stop flights from China earlier. We know that the intel agencies warned him. He just did nothing. Caught in another big lie. This is getting really tiring.
Please take him off the TV. He’s fighting a powerful, invisible enemy, the Chinese Virus, while handling misinformation from China and simultaneously fighting Fake News and ‘Sleepy Joe Biden’.
The constant negative droning on and on by Democrats is very damaging to successfully beating the China Virus. The negativity is damaging to public moral which is crucial in a crisis. If you are not actively participating in the solution you are by default the problem!!!  …
Delta, American & United all suspended flights between U.S. & China before Trump acted, btw  …
. @girlsreallyrule You claim Trump should've done more to stop virus. Yet when he canceled all flights from China, didn't you accuse him of being a xenophobe and a racist? He did the obviously right thing and you still faulted him. That's hatred.
#Presidementia Press Briefing: Trump denies knowing whether Mar a Lago is closed. Strange. Boasts of his business success. Trashes WAPO. Denies delays, repeats “JI-nuh” (China) tape & rambles about Sleepy Joe & claims he saved many weeks by acting early.
Canada Sent 16 Tonnes of Medical Equipment to China, Now May Face Shortage  …
Trump now calls the Washington Post a “disgrace” who covers him “inaccurately.” While answering the question he told a reporter to “be quiet.” Then Trump basically defended China kicking out journalists. This is supposed to be a coronavirus press conference. Trump is a disgrace.
China started the virus “fire” in Wuhan. Media fueled the panic response. Mainstream Media helping China attack the United States.  …
I think China has started to feel the heat of Covid and it wont be easy for them once all of this gets over.
The president called our story today "very inaccurate" without explaining which parts. He noted that he took action to stop travel from China, which we also noted in our story.
Every time trump lies, the doctor looks down and shuffles his feet.Trump cannot stand to be criticized. Trump knew in December and January. Now blaming Biden - quoting out of context. He did not close Europe early ???? Not China either???
The operation to take down the DS is upon us, Trump, Russia, China are preparing to keep us safe, darkness  followed by light! Los of it. Hear it here in the X-22 Report 
"China reports no new locally transmitted cases for third consecutive day" Whoopee ..... Is this the same China that denied the virus existed in the first place? Or are we talking about a different China? 
Insane... ...they just asked @POTUS why they didn’t act 3 months ago Uh... ..January was when China finally admitted severity and released genome In that case... ...where was obama* #WWG1WGA China sprays streets and praised... ...imagine press if this image in USA #1A 
China lied about their numbers.  …
Taiwan, which instituted COVID-19 preventive measures before any country, said it alerted WHO on Dec. 31 to human-to-human transmission by detailing how Wuhan medical staff were getting ill. But WHO, deferring to China, said on Jan. 14 there was no evidence of such transmission.
Can we stop pretending that Trump slammed the door with China shut? First, it started on Feb. 3, two weeks after the first case in the U.S. And there were lots of exceptions. Here's the proclamation:  …
Trump says he wishes China would have told us more about what was happening in China. Newsflash -- Trump and his team have access to classified intelligence. What President relies on open source information from China to make decisions about anything?
China waited a month. Donald waited 10 weeks.
Offmark on 3 counts 1. To call it #ChinaVirus is to force China to accept it's irresponsible behaviour 2. It is also to highlight @WHO culpability in ""Criticizing"" countries that cut down movement from China 3. It is to force China to be transparent about #WuhanCoronaVirus
The numbers from Italy is a clear proof that China lied. I have never seen such selfish people China knew China lied China silenced people who spoke about the virus China must pay 
Trump: "I wish China would’ve told us more about what was going on in China.”
Happy Saturday from Huxley and Mork! Today is our Q&A! We’ll be answering all your questions starting at 1pm till 3pm pacific time. Ask now or our next tweet at 1pm! Want to know more about the dogs stuck in China right now or adopt a dog? Volunteer questions? Talk to you soon! 
It was a catastrophe to take out Trump because there is no way the China business model could survive four more years of Trump. That's why some many anti-Trumpers are  #Chinabot flying monkeys desperate to earn their wings.
So which is it? Trump was racist for shutting down flights from China & now he didn't do enough? China lied. Period. 
So disgusting the Democrats and their media seem to  China more than America.
Trump keeps bragging that he shut down travel to/from China SO early, but the genius did it AFTER Wuhan had already banned its citizens from booking overseas tours and purchasing overseas hotels and flight packages...
Greg! These are the numbers we have. If it makes you feel better, in my experience reporting in China, big news spills onto social media before censors react. So major issues hit the spotlight even if only fleeting. We haven’t heard of major outbreaks. So trend appears positive.  …
I really don't believe China's numbers
Thank you China Thank you China Thank you China Thank you China Thank you China Thank you China Thank you China Thank you China Thank you China Thank you China Thank you China Thank you China Thank you China Thank you China Thank you China  …
China needed to tell the world and they didn’t 
President Trump: I think it is unprecedented what we have done and what we are doing. . @JDiamond1: It's been nearly 3 months since your administration learned of coronavirus. Why not act sooner? Trump: I acted quickly and closed down travel to China early.
As coronavirus continues to ravage Europe and spread in the US, China is reporting that they have no new local cases, which could mean one of two things. 1. That they're lying, or 2. They unleashed this virus on the world & are now withholding a cure from everybody.
Another horrifying daily record for Italy in #coronavirus deaths. 793 dead in 24 hours. Almost  Total dead now 4,825. Now way above China’s total. 6,557 more cases than y’day. Lombardy alone has 3,095 dead, 546 more than y’day. Terrifying stats- for us all.
All major wars in human history started in Europe and all epidemics in Africa or China--Now you know about our country:--no contribution in these areas:))) RT
Fauci (and Admiral Giroir) both stepped to the podium to responsibly answer @JDiamond1’s question after Trump demanded he get credit for closing China borders easily, which has nothing to do with Jeremy’s specific question about doctors and medical professionals on
The Washington Post: “The US Should Have Led the Coronavirus response. Instead, China Stepped Up” By “stepped up” do they mean: —Jailing whistleblowers —Lying about the spread of the virus —Harvesting organs of political prisoners —Falsifying data
...drop your China spin & lies thats limiting our access to medical supplies, @JohnCornyn @GOP, be embarrassed you ran first on this not to a scientist, but to a political consultant who is expert on "messaging." Make things better. If you cant, resign & get out of the way. fin
What have you done China !!! #CCPVirus  …
When the undermining of our country and our citizens goes too far, this is what it looks like. This is not a Hoax Communist China literally thanking HRC  …
“We started with very few masks...now we are making tens of millions,” @realDonaldTrump lies, adding that (probably fictitious) doctors cant believe all he is doing, brags about his China travel ban again.
Compare the masks and PPE of the health workers in China, Italy and Singapore and look at the US where our frontline has been told to use bandanas as a last resort mask. This is a sin.
“Many doctors, they can't believe the great job we're doing," Trump says. Then points to the canceled flights from China. "You don't write that or you don't say it too much on CNN." @realDonaldTrump moments ago.
The single biggest reason Italy's deaths are so high: mobility. Italy allowed flights to/from China with infected passengers  from China, and returning to China while infected. @realDonaldTrump many saved lives by closing the border to non-citizens who visited China.
Coronavirus: China May See a 2nd Wave of Infections  … #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #coronavirus #CCPVirus 
Now trump is blaming Obama for not having this set up. This prick eliminated MOST of our first line of defense!!! Literally closed the place IN CHINA that alerts us to a pandemic. We have ZERO leadership with trump in office. I’m so sorry for us. And so MAD!!
Trump did NOT close the country down. He simply told foreign visitors they couldn't enter from China. US Citizens who had been in China could enter, their family members could enter, US permanent residents could enter. Coronavirus did NOT check passports. TRUMP LIES! Pls RT.
China requisitioned hotels and put 1 individual per room. It brought them food & kept in contact with them. It dramatically cut the infection spread.
Trump now back to bragging about closing borders to travel from China...
"Many doctors, they can't believe the great job we're doing," Trump says. Then points to the canceled flights from China. "You don't write that or you don't say it too much on CNN."
With so many deaths in Italy, and such catastrophic levels of infection, shouldn't China be held to account along with those crooked Italian politicians who presided over this?  …
To all people who lost their life #COVID19 #China #Italy #Spain #Iran #USA #Germany #UK #France .... ...... 
#CPEC #China #Pakistan Economic Corridor Work on 4000 MW 878 Km #Matiari- #Lahore transmission line in full swing. Major milestones  of 95% tower foundations & 40% of towers erection have already been achieved & overall 86% work has 
Italy done something that China warned it not to. Family Quarantine They sent sick people into isolation with healthy people. The inevitable ensued. 1 sick person infects 3 more. Hence even in lockdown cases soared. Boris Johnson supports Italy’s family quarantine methods.
Perhaps most alarming of all, 4,500 new cases recorded yesterday in the US China was averaging 3,500/d AT THEIR PEAK how do you have 1-2months of advance notice and manage to do WORSE?!?
It would be naive, to believe that Corona Virus is not a Biological weapon. China may have slipped for some time-but has managed to achieve its strategic objectives of damaging world economy & being the sole player. If India beats corona & it would have beaten China too.
I heard China is 100% virus free and they are hiring has been American actors and reporters to praise them on social media.
Great talking w/ @BethanyAllenEbr for this terrific & distressing story on US-PRC ties. China’s 1) mass journalist expulsions; 2) conspiracy theory promotion; 3) and globally coordinated anti-US propaganda mark a return to behavior  in the Mao era than the reform era.  …
China Communist Party's authoritarianism, censoring the freedom of speech lead to the delay of handling the Chinese virus, China must be held accountable for the outbreak to the world. 
There is a reason that someone investigating @elonmusk's crimes in excruciating detail was early to question China's #coronavirus numbers with the same  …
Yeah we have to get them from China. See the problem, Mika?  …
Remember in November That Communist China Thanked Hillary Clinton For Her Support After She Accused ⁦⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ of Using "Racist Rhetoric" For Saying "Chinese  …
Satan’s feces Killary Clinton goes into bat for China ... yet again ... Communist China Thanks Hillary Clinton For Her Support After She Accuses Trump of Using "Racist Rhetoric" For Saying "Chinese Virus"  …
Can we trade soybeans for medical supplies with China? We used to do that....  …
Hurry up! Free to watch only today, during #coronavirus lockdown to help people understand how #CCP handles the healthcare system in China. Watch it & you'll know better how the #CCPVirus #COVID2019 has spread and being so mismanaged in China. 
Don’t disagree about China, BUT it doesn’t change the fact Trump and team downplayed, ignored and treated coronavirus as a hoax...losing valuable time. My brother works in a hospital ER and he has to ration masks and sanitizer. Not acceptable. 
...bit the crap you are pulling on this is - one again - increasing spread here and the risk of death, @JohnCornyn and @NRO. China, which has the most information about this and the most medical supplies we're short on are supplying it to the EU and other countries. BUT NOT US..
Straight after Six One, Irish doctors & their counterparts from China explore what we might learn from ground zero of #COVID-19. @mcculld presents “Lessons from Wuhan”, 6.30pm @RTENewsNow & on-demand 
... now, @JohnCornyn i know @GOP was told by a political consultant to start this "Chinese Virus" and "China hid it" crap to spin the failure of Trump and the GOP to act before this grew out of control here, to make people angry at China and not YOU. And @NRO is falling for it...
#China has not reported any local coronavirus (COVID-19) cases for the third consecutive day but the country is facing a sharp increase of #COVID19 cases from abroad, a health official said on 
It's worth repeating that closing off China on January 31st might go down in history as the most important decision President Trump ever made in his 8 years in office.
China send their regards 
the fascist regime that will be in control of the US in 10 months time will start a punitive war against China
Katy Perry was one of the first celebrities to send their condolences to the people of China who were the first to deal with the coronavirus pandemic. I love this woman with a pure passion 
China Vs Kenya Sorry for making this niokotwe XS 
Alafu China waseme wanarelease Covid 19S
...after disclosure to @WHO, whatever China did to its own MDs was irrelevant, because @WHO knew, had data, & disclosed it. But, @JohnCornyn & @NRO, the American government *sat* on this, doing nothing, for MONTHS. The country that failed to act, that buried science, was USA...
Cuba? Nice. China? Nice. Vietnam? Nice. Thanks for showing the world what responsible leadership during a global pandemic looks like.
enen…even I hate trump very much. the hydroxychloroquine has been proved effective in china. We have cured many people with this medicine
We should also point out that our PM had a long break over New Year & another in February even though he had been warned by China of the seriousness of this virus. He even waited to hold a Cobra meeting until the Monday so it didn't interfere with his weekend. There is no excuse.
Now, people began to realize China's slyness. Japan has long suffered from their lies, Nanjing and unit 731. They still use fake photos to spread those lies around the world. Many fake photos have also been used in the bestselling book "Rape of Nanjing".  …
China’s Ambassador to South Africa praises 2016 Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for her pointed criticism of President Trump for his referring to Coronavirus as the Chinese virus.  …
SCE has clocked a decline of 2.53% since the first case of coronavirus was reported in the country. The Chinese market index, stood at 2,962 on December 25, five days before China reported several cases of an unknown virus to WHO. Currently, the SCE stands at 2,887.
#Italy coronavirus deaths rose by a record 793 on Saturday, bringing total fatalities to 4,825. Country already surpassed China in terms of deaths on Thur. Total cases also jumped by a record 6,557 to 53,578. Recoveries reached 6,072 while 2,857 were in intensive care. (via BBG) 
Stop living in your la la land&face hard facts--fact is,India is leading,war against #Corona. Airlifting 1444 people from China,Iran,Japan& Italy,setting up $10mn SAARC fund,sending aid to Maldives&Israel&taking lead in bringing G20 together--we are doing what needs to be done!  …
I think we are way past what China says! We are getting our own data from 119 other countries and ours! Using China as a way to divert attention of how trump has failed is only fooling uneducated people, trumpers!
It’s really sad. I pray for it to get better. We need smart people to figure out why. Different strain? Due to the textile China connection? Bad leadership? I’m not sure but I love Italians! God bless. By the way, when did Salvini leave post?  …
This is from 16/3. "Shaken by the sharp fall in its stock market, China's central bank on February 2 said it would inject 1.2 trillion yuan ($174 billion) worth of liquidity into market through reverse repo operations."  …
Banned travel from China on 1/31/2020. Called racists and Xenophobe by Democrats and national press on 01/31/2020.
I've been calling them "Made in China MAGAt hats" for quite some time. 
As the epicenter of the coronavirus pandemic moves outside Asia, China's ruling Communist Party has gone from being on the defensive to a public relations offensive. 
#China state media report a Chinese vaccine is being tested on humans. Volunteers from the epicenter Wuhan between ages of 18-60 have received the injection. ( #China has indicated it wants to win the global race for a #coronavirus vaccine.)  …
"The University of Maryland mapped severe COVID-19 outbreaks with local weather patterns around the world, from the US to China. They found that the virus thrives in a certain temperature and humidity channel. “The researchers found that all cities experiencing significant...
When you have one massive country, especially an autocratic one, everything depends on who's running it. China was one massive country during the Great Leap Forward too, and that didn't go so well.
At least 75M Americans are under virtual lockdown • More than 275,000 confirmed cases globally • China gives first COVID-19 vaccine to volunteers  … via @nbcnews
China is faking its recovery from the coronavirus outbreak: report  …
I'm totally sick of it, China should go to hell, oh I forgot China is hell!  …
Kyungsoo ranked 23 on the most followed Korean Artists on China's four biggest music platforms- KuGou, Xiami Music, QQ and NetEase Cloud And without solo debut #Kyungsoo #도경수 
793 new deaths in Italy today. This is more than four times the number of people who died on the worst day of the epidemic in China last month. Is the Italian health care system imploding under our eyes? What does such a collapse lead to? As the other EU countries are...1/2
It isn't fast moving. The WHO warned the Government in January . You saw China stop it in its tracks . You have watched Italy suffer. You have procrastinated and delayed for over a month
The Silent War Continues... Q > The Target> [Trump's Economy] - Econ War: The Fake News is the Enemy Of the People >Propaganda arm of the D party China & Iran disinformation #COVID19 >Saudi & Russia dump crude oil to destroy US oil producers. God Wins! #Trump2020 #KAG2020 
Hajdu praises China for locking down Wuhan without mentioning that they covered #Covid_19 up for months and didn’t shut down travel. Once they left the initial Chernobyl style lying stage they mobilized impressively but we should be careful with 
Chen Ying, a nurse who  the #COVID19 in eastern China's Zhejiang, eventually got married to her loved one since the epidemic has eased. The couple doesn't need to kiss through a glass wall anymore! 
Since you are know all you should know. However I will explain Mini-China took it casually while #Covid19 spread. They became serious and locked down on the 10th. Peak will be reached 23rd/24th March and then start declining  …
'Speaks VOLUMES!' Chinese ambassador praises Hillary Clinton for standing up for China against Trump criticism  … @TwitchyTeam #AAG #AAG2020
At the moment there are 22,132 known #Coronavirus cases in the US, in every state in the country and in DC. It's killed 282 people in this country. On 1/22/20, Trump said "We have it totally under control. It's one  in from China. It's going to be just fine."
I can assure you I have been ringing this bell at great cost since China started to supply research labor to our US labs in the 1980s. The national concern with Chinese threats has nothing to do with Trump. Stop focusing on that guy.
The Trump administration signaled a willingness to remove tariffs on medical supplies from China as health authorities express an urgent need for more masks, ventilators and other equipment to fight the coronavirus 
$SBES per sbes website intend to find RM target 12/05/2019. Per Golden Panegyric Inc. Website filings being worked on 12/11/2019. Average  4 months. Add pandemic maybe extra time. China healing, they have a target, its already filed.  Confidence.
Sources say a big part of the problem with dwindling protective medical gear is the supply chain -- a large portion of medical supplies are made in China, but factories have been shutdown creating a huge hole the US was not prepared for 
Wonder if 3m or the media will ever talk about the  nationalizing 3m production in China leaving us defenseless. Millions of 3m masks are being made, just not for America.  …
YES, YES WE ARE! We are strong as a nation to get through a pandemic from China, now sit down
Every American should be loud & clear that this is unacceptable. We are not and won't be Russia, China, N Korea.
Sadly, Carrie Lam is a puppet of Communist China. She won't care if China violates Joint Declaration and "1 country 2 systems" by expelling US journalists. So it's important for UK and the world to sanction China for its serious violation and suppression of press freedom. 
While China was engaging in a massive cover up, you were busy peddling a book.  …
Last one for the day. I’m getting test kits from China for rapid testing COVID next week. Can @rajinikanth support this effort ? We can then both donate it to the government. 1cr each @SriramMadras @dhanyarajendran @jsamdaniel @CMOTamilNadu is Rajni upto it ? You guys please help
yo im teaching a chinese character 您 it means you (polite) but on internet it generally is an abbr. for "you are insane" you got what i want to say? yes it is basically POG in chinese from now when you want to use pog use 您 to  china tip: use 您？to emphasize
