Did You Know... The United Nations World Economic Forum World Health Org Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation CDC From US & China Vaccine Manufacturers Central Banks & the Media Held A #Coronavirus Simulation Right Before the Actual Coronavirus  …
No, he doesn’t, and why continue creating this propaganda coup for a power  to the actual greatest threat to US liberty—and that we therefore ought to be prioritizing above all else—Red China  …
At 4 am. The nighttime knock on the door that characterises the worst regimes. Hong Kong used to mean not being afraid of that knock on the door - people run away from China to enjoy that guarantee:  …
Oh, really @WHO, you’re still spouting nonsense without any proof & expecting us to believe that #Wuhan, city of 11MM people, in China run by a vicious Chinese DICTATOR, Xi, has #Coronavirus contained & that they’ve done a great job. China only has govt controlled media. Hello???
Learn from china. Hesitations, delay, indecision, being wishy washy, obfuscation and putting politics ahead of presenting facts allowed the virus to spread quickly.
There is national hubris of asking for Chinese help? They build 1000 bed isolation hospitals in a week. @WHO said "Learn from China."
The American higher ed system is a prime target for foreign espionage. China, in particular, has been systematically stealing research and innovation from US colleges for nearly two decades. Authorities have finally woken up to this threat. Now we need to stop it. 
"Abandon Globalism..." Tucker: Extortion from China is the real threat 
China Cannot Explain Deaths of 'Cured' Coronavirus Patients. Death of 36-yr-old Li Liang prompted clinics across the city to stop discharging patients, while hospitals in other parts of China are reporting an unsettling number of relapses and re-infections 
Time this behaviour was stopped, once & for all!! This is Australia, not China!!!  …
Meanwhile, the coronavirus pandemic outside of China is still in an early phase and continues to grow exponentially. The number of active cases outside of China is now about equal to the number of cases still active within China. 
Due to widespread testing and aggressive controls, China continues to report great progress in controlling their local coronavirus epidemic. Now, China has begun taking steps to reduce restrictions in the less affected provinces and return to a more normal level of activity. 
US Senators Introduce Legislation To Monitor China’s Overseas Mineral Investments H/T  …
@RepDonBeyer YOU are an IDIOT! Dems claim @POTUS shouldn’t have brought Americans from China & other cruise ships back because they were infected, and NOW because he won’t!? #WeThePeople say “SHUT THE HELL UP!” #MAGA #KAG #Trump2020LandslideVictory @marklevinshow  …
Met Billie Jean at breakfast! Made my year. Asked whether women athletes in India get as much encouragement & money as men. Think she knew answer. “Want to visit your country & China”she said. Wished @ImHarmanpreet best for 2nite, “Though I am here to support women, not any 
Who Made Coronavirus? Was It the U.S., Israel or China Itself? By Philip Giraldi Has Washington created and unleashed the virus in a bid to bring Beijing's growing economy and military might down a few notches . 
Corona virus a result of China's bio-warfare experiment, says Israeli biological warfare analyst:  … via @eOrganiser
How the coronavirus—and $85 billion in debt—ended one of China’s   via @BW
My friend's flight from UAE back to Beijing is packed. Chinese aren't stupid. China is probably the safest place to be right now Stay safe all
In 1937, TIME named Soong Mei-ling Person of the Year alongside her husband Chiang Kai-shek, declaring, "No woman in the West holds so great a position as Mme Chiang Kai-shek holds in China" 
China builds expressways across deserts, through mountains, connected all cities and towns in Xinjiang with the a firm belief that good transportation is a prerequisite for economic development. The next 10 years belong to XJ. 
China has an infantry of Stormtroopers disinfecting whole cities #COVID19 
I have been warning people for over 8 months about a really bad bear market in #oil because of how China was slowing down/contracting a lot before the #CoronavirusOutbreak and how shale oil production was price insensitive. Called many bad names by people under videos & in emails
And renters in Guangzhou’s Yuexiu Electronics mall too... h/t @fangshimin Looks like this is going  …
liberals caused coronavirus at cpac, sent by china. DNC has infiltrated us and knew both trump and pence would be there. the DNC is trying to crack the country FROM WITHIN. this is why daylight savings needs to go.
#JesusChrist #PrayerExpress #JCPE #covid19 China Japan World We roll on RTpost1 pls @JCPExpress @AmateurMmo @KBUSMC2 @swilleford2 @TheyCallmeDoc1 @Sam2323_43433 @Steve_des @Nobodybutme17 @Really_JimB @jujutsucop @Joe7993 @scouter12 @T67562897 @SmokieMtnsWendy 
#China continues to #Venciendo the #Covid_19, as this Saturday reported a further decrease in spread (99) and deaths (28) from the virus From #Cuba we express our support to all countries, patients and relatives of the victims, aware that 
Let’s not forget: China grants more trademark approvals for Ivanka Trump firm -... 
Back in January, I thought we needed the CDC to go to China to help them figure things out. But now I realize that I had that backwards. China, please send people to the U.S. to help us with the virus, our government doesn't know what to do!
Euro infrastructure at the service of CCP geopolitical initiatives: Jüris @FJyris of @EFPI_Est on the security implications of PRC (incl Huawei) participation in a Finnish undersea cable project.  … Paper presented at the @sinopsiscz China tech conference. 0/ 
We've got one, thanks. And thank you for playing. Now tell us about your and Hunter's money-laundering from the US, China and Ukraine. Even if you pretend not to remember these things and Burisma, don't worry. We got your back. Well remind you - often. Where's Hunter?  …
A hotel with 70+ #Covid19 patients in quarantine has collapsed in china.  
Lumumba chuckles "Congo will quarantine travelers arriving from Italy, France, China and Germany"  …
Just saw that Italy is quarantining a whole city. Reported that Italy is the new China with the disease. They Have WHO Test Kits!  …
Flee to China, they have free health care. For the sake of your health, flee the United States right away.  …
Fear of fear is precisely why the CCP let the virus run rampant in China for weeks and shut down all attempts to alert the public  …
Why they didn’t stop flights from China? Why they didn’t quarantine cities? Why they filming fake disinfection for their press? Why they lie about numbers of death innocent people? Why Iran stood after China in numbers of death? 
Few countries in the world can mobilize society and quickly contain the spread of the virus as China. From the outbreak in Italy to the virus' infiltration to other major European countries, all these happened as they had sufficient time to be alerted.  …
Just because someone ate a bat in china now in canada we don't get to roll up the rim. 
8 PM ET — Join the #LionelNation Clerisy and Conspiratorium Livestream Immersive for brutal talk on #nCoV19, #China as the new enemy, the last of open borders, how #Dems are irrelevant by a virus and how @realDonaldTrump will own  …
PREMIERE at 9pm ET:  … @realKTMcFarland discusses  #China threat, how she came to work for #Trump as a deputy national security advisor under @GenFlynn, & what it was like to be "collateral damage." w/ @JanJekielek on 
More than 80% of foreign correspondents surveyed said they faced "interference, harassment or violence" working in China 
The OECD expects global growth this year to be its slowest since 2009. China could shrink for the first time since the death of Mao Zedong 
Great Wall of China? The Great Pyramid? 10 of the Most Impressive Civil Engineering Projects in History... 
Same here tho. No idea how many January and February pneumonia or fluke heart failure deaths were Covid, or how many are walking around with it now. China didn't only check people in the ICU, they were triaging people with blood tests and CT scans instead of either pos test or
#China | Xinjia Hotel in #Quanzhou, used as a quarantine center for people suspected of having coronavirus, collapsed. 
#OTD in 2014: Malaysian Airlines 370, a B-777 with 239 aboard, disappears over the South China Sea. Despite extensive searches, only a few light debris were recovered on the Indian Ocean in 2015, the investigation pointing to pilot suicide after switching off positioning systems. 
BREAKING: Coronavirus update. South Korea continues to improve and China is under 100 cases today! We would celebrate but Italy, Iran, other European countries and the US are burning as govs take their cue from Nero, even though China and South Korea stopped it. 
#China DELAYED responding to the #CoronavirusOutbreak. More than 80,000 (likely MUCH more) were infected with #coronavirus, and many thousands died. China locked down 50% of its population (10% global). #Italy is now locking down 25% of its population. See where this is  …
The time to be worried about this was when China locked down 60 million people. That was on January 23rd.  …
There is the bit of #fakenews about how #Iran sent 3 million masks to #China while Iranians suffered from the #coronavirus. China does not need masks from Iran when it can build a hospital in 10 days. In fact, China is sending masks TO Iran.  … #COVID19
Zim govt risks being referred to the UN Security council after it failed to report a case of suspected Corona virus in a woman who returned from China in January and just yesterday presented herself to her doctor and died a day later The symptoms explained are COVID-19
4... f. A vaccine is almost ready, so there is no reason to worry about it. g. It's been isolated. (In China, they believe) h. WHO is a bunch of foreigners who hate trump for standing up for America. So they are lying to hurt him....
Hospital beds per 1,000 people (OECD): Japan 13 South Korea 12 Russia 8 Germany 8 France 6 Switzerland 4.5 China 4.3 Scotland 4.2 Australia 3.8 Italy 3.6 Spain 2.97 Ireland 2.96 USA 2.77 England 2.3 Spot the problem. #coronavirus
In Feb., I worried about #squanderedtime, the period between China's containment efforts and our chance to prepare. We wasted it. The @washingtonpost story, with "squander" and all, is a story that is worse than I imagined. #yetwemoveon #coronavirus   …
The Biden-Bernie feud intensifies as China Joe hauls in the cash. 
Pentagon Sends Troops to California Border. Extra troops could help prevent the migration of people with diseases, such as Covid-19 from China. Border agents have not stopped the flow of illegals, nor the legal inflow of  Alein Children.”  …
24/ China's unprecedented success in containment has led us down the wrong path. We can't do what they did. Not just in terms of open society, but in sheer resources. In Wuhan >1,800 TEAMS of epidemiologists, min 5 people/team, were tracing tens thousands of contacts a day
These pictures show how China's air pollution has dropped during the coronavirus outbreak  #coronavirus 
Show me just one instance where Socialism has benefited the Citizens of a Country it has controlled. Consider the USSR, Red China, NOKO, Cuba, and Venezuela, when you reply.
Because when the reported death toll was 19 in China, the real number was probably much higher.
China coronavirus hotel collapses, trapping 70 people - CNN  …
Dozens trapped as China quarantine hotel collapses China is  government, runned by Xi who is a dictator & will order his army to kill as many of his people necessary to control this virus created by China ! Communism has no God ! Hong Kong protesters #KAG2020 
Yeah. This ain’t China. This is Trump’s America where putting America first means him going golfing in the midst of a pandemic. It means lying, suppressing and covering up the truth about the virus while more and more people get sick or die.
South Korea has tested 140,000 people for coronavirus. That could explain why it’s it’s death rate is just 0.6%, far lower than China or US.  …
China Govt is engaged in a massive propaganda push to escape accountability for the deadly WuhanVirus outbreak. Why? If it was a human error, it is forgivable. If it was a secret bio weapon project, or massive negligence in containment, own it! You scheming rats.
JUST IN: Coronavirus quarantine center in China collapses trapping 70  
Fenghuang Ancient Town is located in Hunan Province of China. It does not rely entirely upon natural beauty, also has a history spanning 1,300 years with a number of remarkable gardens as well as distinctive residential buildings, elegant bridges and mysterious towers and pagodas 
This is beginning to get real. Italy is now considering implementing total lock down across several regions. The city of Milan might actually be put under lock down. We are possibly seeing China style quarantines happening in Europe.
if you die from the coronavirus does that mean your death was made in China ?
I remember it very well. In late January and early February the consensus was that something like this could only happen in China because of lack of political freedom  …
The known U.S. death toll is now 19. When it was 19 in China they'd already begun building two new hospitals and 20 quarantine facilities in one city.
The subtle beauty of the logarithmic scale. Even though the extra-china locations are only 20k cases while China has 80k a logarithmic scale clearly shows that the extra-china cases will surpass the China cases in the next few days. 
“The highlight? I think every single match was a highlight.” China and India reach #FedCup play-offs.  
The snow scenery of the Eight Outer Temples in Chengde City, Hebei Province of China. Outside the Chengde Resort, lies the Eight Outer Temples, the emperor's summer residence during the Qing Dynasty (1644 - 1911). 
I thought a pandemic means a large wide scale outbreak in multiple countries on multiple continents.... Isn't COVID19 already a pandemic by they official definition with widespread cases in China, South Korea (Asia), Iran (Middle East) and Italy (Europe)? @realDonaldTrump @WHO
They just banned eating cats & dogs in China. Take some time & think about that for a minute... imagine eating Mr. Mittens. Unbelievable how barbaric people can be!!
Great piece in the @thenation. China forces Uyghurs & other Turkic Muslims to produce materials that may be used by @nikestore, @UniqloUSA @ZARA and other retail giants. It’s time for the fashion industry to talk about  …
These are just a few from like a 30 tweet thread, but you know you have a China expert on your hands when they 1.) conflate "Cantonese culture" w HK, just entirely ignoring the 113 million ppl of Guangdong and 2.) say Chinese takeout in US is Cantonese food LMAOOOO
The amazing Spring scenery in Wuyuan County. Located east of Jingdezhen in Jiangxi Province, Wuyuan County is home to many small villages scattered among the streams and forested hills. It is a bucolic and tranquil area and a popular tourist destination in China. 
China still has 22,061 active cases, and 5,489 patients in critical condition Coronavirus quarantine center in China collapses trapping 70  …
China could effectively go around the world lobbying other countries not to use Facebook and Google, citing that they are part of the U.S PRISM surveillance program and provide user data to America's NSA. The claims have more evidence and credibility than those against #Huawei
all support either preserving or increasing the power of the police (see both the social democratic and left lib wings of Momentum and the widespread support for "socialist" police in places like China and pre-coup Bolivia), which is incredibly Moreover, ICE must be destroyed
COVID 19 is spreading much faster in Italy than it had in China which, by all logic, if you need to be a dick and boycott a culture’s food, stop eating pizza but no, everyone wants to avoid dumplings and bbq duck you fucken weirdos
JUST IN: N.Y. Subway Rider Sprays Asian Man With Febreze in Possible Hate Crime. The  has seen an uptick in racist incidents since the outbreak of the #Coronavirus, which began in China. "I don't want him under me!...Tell him to move!"  …
Video: China has an infantry of Stormtroopers disinfecting whole cities #COVID19 
#CoronaVirus This guy tried to warn us about China.. but we didn’t listen 
National Covid-19 daily growth rates show huge differences in control measures. China, South Korea, Singapore, and Hong Kong have gotten rates down to single digits for the last few days. Meanwhile Italy, Iran, France, Germany, Spain, and the US have 20% to 50% growth per day.
‘For any government not running away from the China model, it could be   … via @WSJ
Quarantine hotel collapses in China, trapping 70  
SHAME ON @gretchenwhitmer for being a puppet of the Private Insurance Industry, and endorsing the candidate who voted for NAFTA, PNTR with China and fast tracking TPP  …
Hotel in China that holds coronavirus victims in quarantine collapses as emergency service scramble to reach 70 trapped in the rubble 
It was shit like this that made me stop going to China events long ago. I started to see my silence  w/ evil and I started hating all those who politely smiled and/or nodded and/or clapped. #ChinaLies #Uighur #Xinjiang #genocide #NeverAgain  …
The CoronaVirus was started in China and the vast majority of the deaths occurred there as well. Yet the New York Times says it's the "Trump Virus" and Fake News Media outlets continue to blame our President for the virus. INSANE. These 'journalists' are the enemy of America!
Taiwan: Newly elected KMT (Conservative) chairman Johnny Chiang has stated his desire to abandon the “1992 Consensus”/One China Policy, saying Beijing had twisted it to mean “One Country, Two Systems”. This is the first time a KMT leader has advocated ending this policy.
With 233 deaths and 5883 infected, the death rate in Italy is now 4%. A lockdown to slow the spread seems reasonable. It will be interesting to see how a quarantine in Europe  with the quarantine in China.  …
Fellas, - #Coronavirus and it’s effects already seen in China with CCP hiding numbers -Half of Italy about to be locked down -States of Emergency being declared around the World -Europe getting badly affected -Iran is Doomed Still reckon it’s just a flu? #coronavirus
Breaking News: Italy is weighing a plan to restrict the movement of a fourth of its population in the most extreme effort to contain the coronavirus outside China 
italians are dumb. the government said not to travel nor go out of our houses and what do people do? they travel and they go out like nothing is happening. china is doing better because they listen to what the government asked them to do. we don't. that's why we have many cases.
Cuba, Venezuela, North Korea & China must be fortifying their borders to prepare for the onslaught of American socialist refugees who will be fleeing our country after Trump wins the 2020 election. Their dream of  utopia denied, where else can they go?
Saint Lucia () + China () = Saint China: 
If Africa could lift 50% as many people out of poverty as China has in a mere 3 decades,it will eliminate extreme poverty -Harvard Biz Review  …
Bottom line, China wants you to see these, else the Firewall would stop them. Why is anyone's guess.  …
It's fairly massive news that China did it as well. Shutting down a city or an economic region is massive news in any context
#Coronavirus updates: • Infection cases top 100,000 worldwide • Nearly 3,500 dead • Outbreak in China appears to be slowing Follow the latest:  
#SARS2019p Italy All eyes on this one 1200 cases - 25% increase in one  unchecked, spread dz to 50 countries, 3.9% case-fatality (so much for milder in high  countries). Added fuel to the fire started by China. Not prepared.  …
What percentage of politicians in China are white Australians ? Do you think China will bring in quotas legislating that 20% should be white people ?
PM Netanyahu says: "over the vacation period, which may be extended, I will mobilize young people, both in schools and in youth movements, in a very meticulous way, to help with the disinfection." [[studies from china suggest kids get infected at adult rates, just not as sick]]
Haven't seen any reports of military or police being mobilized. Italy isn't China. If you want to do that right: Put elements into place before announcement/leaks to media. The way this  could cause panic and ripple effects across EU (widespread border closures)  …
A map of #Italy's regions that will be likely put under a policed lockdown tomorrow in a desperate attempt to stop the #coronavirus epidemic. Includes major cities such as Milan and Venice This is what China did in January. This will help focus minds in the rest of Europe. 
These Palestinian children from Gaza wore medical masks to express their solidarity with people suffering from the Coronavirus around the world, especially in China. 
China hotel used for coronavirus quarantine collapses, trapping dozens  
(Some) reports from China saying they have the virus under control.... Don’t you wish the Fear Mongering Media could control themselves too?
Seriously You must hear this video in light of what went down in Wuhan China! We are not China and we are not going for the “project zephyr” bull crap  …
#MedicalTerrorism is maintaining flights to/from China in the midst of the Wuhan epidemic, donating a large volume of medical supplies to China, concealing a growing epidemic, arresting whistleblowers, failing to quarantine Qom, and calling offers of aid from the US ridiculous.
“Handing over infrastructure for China’s strategic objectives: ‘Arctic Connect’ and the Digital Silk Road in the Arctic” . Excellent new piece by Frank Jüris through  …
70 people were trapped after a hotel used to quarantine coronavirus patients in China collapsed. 40 people have been rescued, and no deaths have been reported so far.  …
You might want to work those numbers again given the WHO report on China...especially given likely severe under identification in the USA meaning late isolations and an increasing the likelihood of a bigger “bulge”  
I just heard on Fox that it's not clear why Italy has been such a focal point for the coronavirus. Come on, now. Do they do any research at all? Italy has a special trade relationship with China and is usually overrun with tourists from the Chinese mainland. That's why.
China hotel used for coronavirus quarantine collapses, trapping dozens  
The global number of #COVID19 surpassed 100K. @WHO report on total and new cases in last 24 hours: Globally 101 927 confirmed (3735 new) China 80 813 confirmed (102 new) 3073 deaths (28 new) Outside of China 21 110 confirmed (3633 new) 413 deaths (78 new) 93 Countries (5 new) 
Family member of mine already told me "it was developed as a weapon by China that they released into the world on purpose. They've already got a vaccine that they're going to sell to the world for profit and power, but not until it spreads more." Heaven help us in November.  …
Thinking about the staggered nature of this crisis. -China shuts down in late Jan-mid Feb, now recovering -Korea next -Italy about to shut down, US travel/leisure slowing while US housing accelerates (maybe?) -even within the US, maybe the west coast shuts down first, etc
Why new diseases keep appearing in China 
Both UK and France were afraid of CCP's pressure so they dare not to ban travel from China. Coronavirus was smoothly transmitted to these countries. CCP threatened if you dare to ban travel, we will stop all investments in UK, which immediately kowtowed to CCP! what a shame!!  …
UQ publicly releases new Confucius Institute agreement:  … Note connection with Tianjin University, which according to @alexjoske’s China Defense Universities Tracker, is a high risk university with secret security credentials:  …
A state visit by China’s president has already been postponed 
Pro China now pro everybody catching Corona Virus. *corona is a fraud  …
Yes. Yes they did. #REALNEWS: Illegal immigrants CBP apprehended at so. border 1/1/-3/3: China: 328 South Korea: 3 Foreign natls CBP refused at land ports of entry 2/2-3/3: Canada: 113 China: 90 India: 9 Mexico: 6 Germany: 4 Bangladesh: 2  …
The coronavirus outbreak has sickened more than 105,400 people, according to official counts. As of March 7, at least 3,559 people have died, all but 489 in mainland China. As the map below shows, the disease has been detected in at least 92 countries. — New York Times 
Italy is implementing China-style quarantine in Lombardy. Entry and exit forbidden. Italy is a time machine that shows us our future. Why do we ignore it?  …
It’s been my worry that in using the China model as @WHO advises could lead to mass quarantine in Western democracies. I don’t know how that’s possible in societies that do not have a culture of social control and intrusive surveillance like in China. We abide by rule of law.  …
Quoted along with @foxerinr and @mganio_ASHP by @alex_kacik in Modern Healthcare related to potential supply chain disruptions for  from China and India due to coronavirus. #pharmacists  …
The way things are going, the United States are not just going to have a single Wuhan/Daegu area, they're going to have multiple ones. It's staggering how some of the Washington class are still pointing fingers at China over Covid-19 despite the unfolding disaster at home.
China Cannot Explain Deaths of 'Cured' Coronavirus Patients  …
To fight the coronavirus, China has placed nearly 60 million people under lockdown since January, and public anger is mounting. Even for countries that could copy China's approach, they still have to ask whether the cure is worse than the disease. 
These sick chickens were sold to meat shops and restaurant owners in China. China will not going to stop producing viruses I guess. I can't believe Chinese people still supporting their sick government and system.  …
More Than 40 Rescued After Collapse Of Quarantine Facility In China  
Father in Heaven, You Alone make all things new. Please kick the  out of China and fill their vast nation with the refreshing and renewing breath of The Gospel. I ask this in Jesus's Name, Father, because--as Q says--"these people are sick."  …
China which is a country of over a billion people and not the best health infrastructure has had about 85 thousand cases with new cases in drastic decline. I find it hard to believe that the U.S. would do much, much worse then China.
Editor's note: This story was initially published with a photo of a Starbucks in China. It has been updated with a photo of Starbucks beverage containers, the subject of  policy change in the U.S.
3 notable aspects for economics/finance: Having noted how #China is containing the coronavirus, #Italy is considering a measure that was unlikely/unthinkable not so long ago Economic impact: deeper supply/demand disruptions Fuels fear-related overreactions,there and 
“Trump is in danger of losing his presidency because when the great test came, in the form of a virus carried by global trade routes from Communist China, he didn’t take the danger seriously enough.” ⁦~  …
Countries that raised millions out of poverty over the last 2 to 4 decades: UAE India China Bangladesh etc WHY is abject poverty increasing in Nigeria? WHEN will we step out of denial and realize this status quo requires a radical overhaul? Kedu udi ndi na-achi anyi biko nu??
#China's actions were not "missteps." They were deliberate acts that Chinese leaders knew or should have known would result in death. #COVID19  …
Don't mistake these fluffy little things for just normal cats! Three adorable leopard cats were rescued in the farmland of SW China's Yunnan. They will be taken care of by the local wildlife department until they grow up and have the ability to survive in the wild. 
China is  hot mess with filth, disease and corruption. Or as Bernie calls it, paradise! Hotel Used for Coronavirus Quarantine Collapses in China, Leaving 70 Trapped  via @BreitbartNews
UK’s parliamentary  to probe security of 5G Network on concerns over China’s telecom Coronavirus Huawei - Why’s no one questioning Boris Johnson’s family’s deep ties to China? Where’s the Labour Party?  …
No chill on China.I can’t even imagine the long term side effects from this.. 
China Cannot Explain Deaths of 'Cured' Coronavirus Patients  via @BreitbartNews
The Italians seem to bungling it gloriously. And many more people travel between US and Italy and cough on rich educated White people than do to China.
While all country are administering caution in their relations with China due to the coronavirus outbreak, the Iranian regime still continues flights to China. #Iran  …
Tucker nailed it last night! Is not a question of what & how, but why the people we put in office sold us out to China? Shout louder, let our voices be heard on 11/4/20! It’s our last chance Tucker: Extortion from China is the real threat  via @YouTube
The whole country was put into lockdown during the usually busiest new year season, the economic loss is gigantic. And all testing and treatments are free. That's all done in open, why would China care to cover the #now after already paying the heavy price?
Important thread on Chavez's legacy and China's role in supporting the Bolivarian revolution  …
One thing the threat of the #Coronavirus outbreak has made clear is that we must stop relying on China for critical medical supplies. That’s why I’m cosponsoring the MEDS Act to improve transparency in our Rx supply chain & help prevent future shortages.  …
China’s dystopian coronavirus ‘Back to Work’ campaign — The Chinese Communist Party is desperate to get people back to work and spend, hoping iffy algorithms tracking the population can substitute for widespread quarantines. What could go wrong?  …
CORONAVIRUS LATEST: The death toll in the U.S. has risen to 19.  —New York declared a state of emergency. —A quarantine hotel in China collapsed. —Utah and Hawaii confirm 1st cases. —The Pope canceled Sunday prayer gathering.
Thirty-four people had been rescued from a collapsed hotel in China that was being used as a coronavirus quarantine.  
WAIT! "JUST MAYBE...Trump was an investor in the hotel? Surely THAT must be impeachable, right Nance? Nance??Hotel Used to Quarantine Victims Exposed to Coronavirus Collapses in China, Dozens Missing  …
This is exactly the trend a month ago in China, except the government and the people took strong actions to stop its further outbreak. “We learn from history that we do not learn from history.”  …
Continues to be a critical graphic. Topline is growth of new infections in mainland China. The lower, yellow line is the rest of the world.  
43 people rescued so far from the hotel, used for #coronavirus quarantine, which collapsed Saturday evening in east China's Fujian Province: China Xinhua News  …
New analysis by @C_Althaus @JulRiou @AnthonyHauser5 @ISPMBern on #COVID19 case fatality rates in Hubei #China. Probability of death among infected individuals with symptoms estimated at 3.3%, with / without symptoms 1.6%. Note the steep increase over 60 yo  
Lombardy's welfare minister: "every day we get 200 new people to the ER in critical condition, which means every day we need to find 200 more hospital beds.. the #COVID19 is spreading at an exceptional speed, faster than our predictions & than the data we got from China." 
In China, streets are full of gas because of #Coronavirus-disinfection procedures In France, streets are full of gas because #Macron hates the #GiletsJaunes #YellowVest protest movement The vid was recorded in #Lyon today on the 69th consecutive Saturday of Anti-Macron 
Chinese Hotel Used As Coronavirus Quarantine Site Collapses; Dozens Trapped Are these new cases China has reported ?  …
Was conned out of my hard earned money by “boyfriend” ! In fact can twitter fam help me get my R180,000 back. 0717024334 his name is Thami.balance of it was in cash.he claimed he’s clearing a container from China only to learn that he was lying 
Got an email about coronavirus warning against 'large public gatherings,' as if US society needed more atomization. Media campaign has it all: anti-China hysteria, calls for border fortification, stark anti-internationalism equating migrants with disease and travel with death.
Hotel in China holding coronavirus victims in quarantine collapses  …
He needs to be Arrested and Tried in a Court so it’s Open to Everyone. Changed with Treason and All the Cabal. Capital Crimes again for the entire Cabal. Iran, China, Russia are all emboldened since The Manchurian candidate was President. He saved Biden’s behind that was Him. 
Just now, the 6yr old explained Coronavirus to her brother: “So... actually, I watched a YouTube video, and people in China who were eating live octopuses, ate it, and then the octopuses got stuck in their lungs, and the tentacles spread all over their bodies and then they died.” 
Anyway this thread is not a joke at all. China quickly built more than 20 mass quarantine centers for sick people to go in Wuhan. They got beds and food and medical care, if needed. That was vital to keeping deaths to a couple thousand. New York has no such plan or capacity.
China- after realising that their accidental invention is doing a world tour. 
what also helped here was Hong Kongers' now almost universal distrust and fear of the mainland. That prompted people to assume - sometimes unfairly - that China was lying about the disease and things were even worse than they seemed, and to take measures themselves.  …
Minghao and Junhui are both in PH trends Minghao for looking ethreal in his latest post and Junhui for what he cooked and how expensive the bowl he used in his post See the difference? China line slaying! @pledis_17 
Coronavirus death toll China: 3070 Italy: 233 Iran: 145 South Korea: 44 US: 17 France: 16 Spain: 10 Japan: 6 Iraq: 4 Australia: 2 UK: 2 Hong Kong: 2 Switzerland: 1 Netherlands: 1 Thailand: 1 Taiwan: 1 San Marino: 1 Philippines: 1
Why r we declaring #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19 ? Cause from 1month ago the regime could halt Mahan Air flights to China but they deliberately did nothing!They must've canceled 41st anniversary rally for d bloody revolution but they hesitated & even held d fake parliamentary election
About 70 Trapped After Covid-19 Quarantine Building Collapses In China  
"We are not afraid to face darkness. The forces of justice will break through darkness and peace  Congratulations to the Peace Poster Contest Grand Prize Winner Zhuo Zhang, age 12, sponsored by Shaanxi Datang Lions Club (China)  
China has armed #COVID epidemic control personnel with a high tech smart helmet that can automatically measure passengers-by temperature when they enter a 5-meter range. The helmet will ring an alarm if anyone has a fever - #coronavirus 
CNN just reported a hotel in China being used to contain coronavirus victims has collapsed. It just keeps getting fucking worse and weird.
In 1973, China had an excess of females and offered the U.S. 10 million Chinese women.
Good to see no Coronavirus panic in Pakistan yet Alhamdolillah. We are too busy critisising others & abusing women to worry about viruses. I also hope we are keeping a solid eye on our borders w Iran & China & no cases have crept in & gone unnoticed. Allah protect us all w health
Coronavirus quarantine hotel collapses in China, trapping 70 people  … China has unleashed a Worldwide killer.. what are they doing to their own people? Now a building has collapsed trapping people infected with the coronavirus?
Ethnic minorities in China coerced into making gadgets for tech giants. Critics of India's leader find themselves charged with sedition. Virus fears drain the life out of Venice. All this and more in AP's 
Russia isn't the problem, not even Islam right now. CHINA is trying to shut us down, sicken us, poison us with their products, withhold our medications, steal our intelligence & technology, & kill us while leaving our infrastructures intact. WWIII China? Who let that happen?
JUST IN:Italy is set to lock down the Milan region to fight Europe's worst coronavirus outbreak Looks like Italy is gonna try Mass quarantine’s like China did #CoronaVirus
Chinese doctors and scientists have published numerous papers and shared a wealth of clinical data since the outbreak. They give critical insight into characteristics and intervention effects.  based on "all China data are fake" is the worst kind   …
CNN’s @David_Culver visits China’s only Costco, where shoppers get their temperature taken before entering, fruit is covered in plastic and people are told to limit their time inside the store.  
China is disinfecting entire cities to fight Corona virus... #coronavirus 
Said's words here apply I think to America's obsessive relationship with China. And what frustrates and angers us -- and drives us back now to unmasked 19th century style racism -- is that China will have no part of our obsession of expanding into and dominating it.  …
I need to get booked in China ASAP!  …
#China A hotel being used as a #coronavirus quarantine centre in China has collapsed 2 hours ago, leaving 70 people trapped. 28 People have been rescued according to the Chinese Media Ambulances rushed to the site. People feared dead More tragedies for China in 2020. 
It’s high time we ask @MBuhari the collaterals he presented to acquire these huge loans & his plans for repayment. I see China taking our Lagos port or NNPC in the nearest future.
So China is killing its own people to get back at Trump? Do these people have any critical thinking skills at all?
Trump admin labeling coronavirus as the “Wuhan virus” strikes at the very heart of China’s carefully crafted narrative that it remains a responsible stakeholder in the international system. And that’s why Beijing is so peeved about it.  …
China built a new hospital in 10 days to address capacity. America passed a slush fund to enrich globocorps and wall st.  …
it costs nothing to follow news and health reporters from China, South Korea, Japan and Italy who are covering COVID-19 and providing context and updates on how the virus spreads in  effective testing methods and best practices for managing quarantines
@realDonaldTrump Time for Trump to answer why his family‘s allowed to profit off presidency: - Ivanka‘s China patents/trademarks - Eric steals from Cancer charities - Jr. profits off Trump Hotel no-shows - Jared gets Saudi money - Melania’s Einstein VISA, no college degree
China took drastic measures to slow the spread of the virus.
“Let’s drive to the gas station, in our Chevy which was made in Mexico, fill our tank up, with fuel from the Middle East, wave this American flag, that was made in China, and tell these immigrants, which we were at one point, to go home!”  …
Children as likely to be infected with #COVIDー19 as adults, but with milder symptoms, a new analysis posted on medrxiv from Shenzhen, China. Secondary attack rates 6 times higher in households than outside contacts. @WHO @JeremyFarrar  …
After finding out many  benefited from FORCED UYGHUR labors, a high school student in France started the “ Made in Uyghur” Campaign. Made in China is Made in Concentration Camp. #MadeinChina #Uyghurs 
Russia, China, North Korea, Trump All on the same page regarding the coronavirus. How can ppl not see this? They: repress the facts downplay the threat spread misinformation deny reality
A total of 21,114 confirmed cases of COVID-19 have been reported by 93 countries and regions outside China: WHO  
A sentence not about China, but the US: "From the beginning, the Trump administration’s attempts to forestall an outbreak...was marked by a raging internal debate about how far to go in telling Americans the truth."  …
Back to sitrep to break down #covid19 numbers outside China: Iran: +1234 Italy: +778 S Korea: +483 France: +193 Switzerland: +123 Spain: +117 Germany: +105
Did You Know? Bill Gates Funded The PIRBRIGHT Institute, Which Owns A Patent On Coronavirus; The CDC Owns The Strain Isolated From Humans 10K Military Personnel From 110 Nations In Wuhan China Weeks Before Coronavirus Outbreak  …
They laughed at Wuhan and China for putting in the lockdown. They had time to learn from Chinas mistakes and prepare. To avoid a ruthless response. And now? They're doing almost exactly what the PRC did. The tragic irony. Nice gets you in trouble. #coronavirus  …
China Cannot Explain Deaths of 'Cured' Coronavirus Patients #COVIDー19  via @BreitbartNews
"In China... the pressure to resume business as usual is so great there have been reports of local governments ordering workerless factories to run their machines just to use up power" #SystemChange  …
Shut Down the Yulin Dog Meat Festival in Yulin, GuangXi China - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange
Little did the world know that Toilet Paper was the hidden cure. Corona Virus... designed in a snake lab in China, released to the world for mass population FEAR pandemic... it was COSTCO Toilet Paper scientists that saved the world with double ply b_tt wipe. Miracles.  …
Nothing to worry about, folks this is only the most contagious, deadly virus that may be a bio-weapon from China’s premiere bio-testing lab  …
Hum......... A hotel in China that was being used to quarantine those sickened with the Coronavirus collapses.
CHINA QUARANTINE HOTEL COLLAPSES...  …
1. "China and other countries are demonstrating that spread of the virus can be slowed” by working to "identify people who are sick, bringing them to care, following up on contacts, preparing hospitals and clinics to manage a surge in patients, and training health workers."
Search and rescue efforts are underway after about 70 people were trapped in a hotel collapse in southeastern China, officials in the city of Quanzhou said. The hotel was used as a coronavirus quarantine center, state media outlets confirmed. 
Olympic qualification points 1. United States - 60 2. Japan - 55 3. Great Britain - 50 4. Canada - 45 5. Australia - 40 6. Italy - 35 7. France - 30 8. China - 25 9. Ukraine - 20 10. Germany - 15 11. Spain - 10
If you think China is telling he Truth on the number of Corona deaths.....I have some oceanfront Property in Arizona i’d like to sell you
In 1918, a strain of influenza virus originated in China and spread around the world. Politics and  lead to an epidemic. Sound familiar? (via 
#FedCup by BNP Paribas Play-offs draw: Poland Brazil Mexico Great Britain Serbia Canada Latvia India Japan Ukraine Romania Italy Argentina Kazakhstan Netherlands China Ties to be played 17-18 April 2020
Step back from #COVIDー19 & wonder at the awesome power of nature. A microscopic organism carried by a bat & then to another animal, then "jumped" species to a single person in a market in Wuhan, China. Now that microbe has circumnavigated the earth, creating social/econ chaos
4/ Among 25,961 lab-confirmed #COVID19 cases in China, the proportion of severe/critical cases decreased gradually over time, while the mild cases increased dramatically. The R0 dropped from 3.86 pre-interventions to 0.32 (0.28 to 0.37) post interventions  
1/ A previous report of 1099 hospitalised #COVID19 patients from 52 hospitals in China now published in @NEJM The median age=47y, 16% of hospitalised pts had severe disease, 5% were admitted to ICU, 3% had ARDS, 2.3% required ventilation & 1.4% died.  
If you think you've seen it all about #CoronaOutbreak, then you have not! Here are some #Shocking CCTV footages from #China where the infected people are spreading the virus! Be aware... stay informed! #COVIDー19 #ChinaSpreadsCorona 
Shanghai tightens airport checks as imported virus infections in China jump  
Someone who graduated with a master’s degree & who worked in Shenzhen Hospital (Guangdong Providence, China) recently sent out the following notes on Coronavirus for guidance: If you have a runny nose and sputum, you have  cold.
A child aged two or three years old was rescued after hotel collapse in east China. 43 people rescued as of 12:30 a.m. (Beijing Time) 
The numbers are now very clear. In the next 3-5 weeks, the US must either: a) Do massive China-style quarantines. b) Manufacture ventilators & O2 concentrators for millions of "Home ICUs" c) Test 10x more than today, doubling weekly. Otherwise, > 2% will die.  …
The empire strikes back. Troopers from star wars occupied China  …
CORONAVIRUS: About 30 people remain trapped after the collapse of a hotel used as a coronavirus quarantine facility in eastern China. About 30 Still Trapped After Chinese Coronavirus Quarantine Hotel Collapse  
moving on By finishing first and second at the Asia/Oceania Group I event in Dubai, China and India have earned their place in April's #FedCup by BNP Paribas 
The latest from the #COVID19 outbreak: -Italy's death toll climbs to 233 (most after China) -France nearing 1,000 confirmed cases -New York state reports a 38% jump in new infections -Sweden & Portugal brace for outbreak to get worse More via @business:  
Security cam recorded the moment of hotel collapsing in SE China's Fujian on Sat night, trapping around 70 people under the debris. So far 40 people have been rescued. 
WHO chief thanks China for contributing 20 million U.S. dollars to WHO's global fight against COVID-19 and help developing countries improve their response capacities  
China: #Coronavirus Not the world I envisioned living in.... This looks more like a scene from a Star Wars movie. 
My mom is in the hospital for a couple days (back issues, nothing serious). My wife asked one of the nurses about the Coronavirus, just as small talk. The nurse actually said she's "heard that China is doing this to get back at Trump because of the tariffs". Wish I was lying.
1. First up a check in on the corona trades: $JETS vs $KURE (global airline ETF vs China healthcare ETF) $MGM vs $SPY (hotel/casino operator vs S&P500) Worth keeping track of these from a virus-market sentiment 
Same thing Republican Senator Tom Cotton said about China. Coronavirus bringing people together. 
Coronavirus death toll NIGERIA 0 China: 3070 Italy: 197 Iran: 124 South Korea: 44 US: 15 France: 9 Spain: 8 Japan: 6 Australia: 2 UK: 2 Hong Kong: 2 Iraq: 2 Switzerland: 1 Netherlands: 1 Thailand: 1 Taiwan: 1 San Marino: 1 Philippines: 1
From Nigeria to China, the is watching! Find out how to watch worldwide  
Dozens trapped as China quarantine hotel collapses  …
A brief timeline of coronavirus in the West. Dec: "It's a conspiracy." Jan: "China is overreacting." Feb: "We have better healthcare." Mar: [bad cruise jokes]  Apr: "You're overreacting." May: "Why isn't the government doing more?" #COVID19 
Federal Minister for Economic Affairs Hammad Azhar on Russia Today (RT). Spoke about Pak's economy, Relations with China and US, Afghan peace and Modi's Nazi regime. @Hammad_Azhar (07.03.20)2/2 
The China employees hate DingTalk so much, because it strictly monitor their time clock by GPS. So your boss know you are still stuck in the lift at 9am and penalize you are late for 1 sec. Also, the app asked for many authorities to access your phone data which is not necessary.
The extraordinary - and long-planned - control that China has over global medicines and essential production 
Smog's so bad in China you can't see the sun. And the most polluted province is Wuhan, its toxic atmosphere kills tens of thousands each year. But now the Chinese are blaming the deaths on COVID-19, not pollution. Oh, really?  …
“the U.K. has a lot to lose if the U.S. can no longer trust that its most sensitive intelligence and military programs can be protected from China’s prying digital eyes”  …
Italy seems to a constant point of infection. China ( as we know) is already seeing a tick down. Vietnam is the worlds model but most of the news stories are showing Asian people. Why isn’t this being animated with shots of Venice?
’70 trapped’ as #China’s #coronavirus quarantine facility collapses | TheCable  
#AyatollahsSpreadCovid19 by insisting on transporting Chinese trough Iran with Mahan air and bringing tourists from China when every other country restricted the connection to China to protect their people.  …
Federal Minister for Economic Affairs @Hammad_Azhar on @RT_com about the agenda of IMF program, Pakistan's relationship with US/China, CPEC's future, Afghan Peace Deal, Modi's fascism in IOKashmir & India. Link to Interview: >   …
The WHO: #COVIDー19 threatening to be worldwide Pandemic, take this seriously! China: quarantines everyone. USA: out of hand sanitizer. Italy: cancels soccer games. Japan: May postpone Olympics. S. Korea: drive through testing Mexicans: 
BREAKING: JUST IN: France announces 336 new cases of #coronavirus and 10 new deaths in the last 24 hours. Total reaches 949 cases and 19 deaths There was one Wuhan in China. There are several Wuhan’s in Europe which have just started to blow up
Complete Speech of SMBB in Beijing China 1995  …
Geeeeeezzzzzz!!!! Coronavirus not only taking out people in China, but taking out buildings too? I just can’t....but seriously, I feel sorry for the people trapped tho — Coronavirus quarantine hotel in China collapses, trapping dozens  …
#China's #coronavirus economic recovery is 'all fake,' whistleblowers and residents claim Lights Are On but No One’s Working: How Local Governments Are Faking Coronavirus Recovery in order to please the central  …
Adidas New York ‘Big Apple’ UK8.5 .....Made in China £125 tyd -Sent by registered mail with tracking DM me If interested ,shares and retweets appreciated 
A medical student from China who U.S. authorities say tried to smuggle cancer research material out of the country has been freed on $100,000 bond over the objections of federal prosecutors.  …
For better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health. This couple is fighting the #coronavirus together in #Wuhan, China 
China, Iran, & USA have been widely criticized for their COVID-19 response. Taiwan "produced & implemented a list of at least 124 action items in the past 5 weeks to protect public health."  … Will it be seen as a model for future response? h/t @osunick
Isn't that something? First Iran blames the U.S. for the disease then China does the same thing. Then the evil left weaponizes it against the people with our corrupt media cheering for China! #TrumpTrain #AmericaFirst  …
The outbreak of CVOID-19 in China and its spread to the rest of the world is unfolding on an epic scale. Tweeters, bloggers and even mainstream scientists have been predicting Malthusian catastrophe where the virus rapidly infect the world’s population. No less an authority than
#COVID19 Italy 233/5882 (3.9%) China 3070/80651 (3.8%) World 3562/105614 (3.4%) Flu: 600,000/1,000,000,000 (0.06%)
Like anyone in their right mind would ever trust China with anything at this point!
The Latest: 43 rescued after hotel collapse in east China  
Communist China’s state-run media claims the U.S. botched its response to the coronavirus epidemic and might even be the true source of the disease. 
Italy, Iran, China: Schools across the country closed for Coronavirus. Mexico: 
China to donate 20 mln USD to WHO in helping medium and small-sized countries with weak public health systems fight COVID-19 outbreak. (Xinhua)
TUCKER CARLSON::: "95% of our antibiotics are made in China" How the hell did we allow this to happen?? This is extremely dangerous and irresponsible. @realDonaldTrump. Please make fixing this PRIORITY 1 after your re-election in November.
the COVID-19 has taught us several lessons -- and we had better pay attention. Lesson 1: Way too many products that USA is dependent  from China. This needs to change and fast.
Great speaking with NYT’s @stevenleemyers for this insightful piece on China’s efforts to rewrite the narrative on coronavirus. I argue that China perceives an opportunity to provide public goods at a time when the US is unable to lead the response.  …
The Independent via @inkl: Coronavirus outbreak causes decline in China greenhouse gas emissions 
US Removes Tariffs on Face Masks and Other Medical Supplies From China  …
Coronavirus could be the end of China as a global manufacturing hub.  …
seriously, China's the only country with an excuse for botching it, they truly had no idea what was going on. everyone else knew something was up and we collectively just ignored things.
Most Viewed Music Videos in the last 24hrs Tusa — 4.978.875 China — 2.631.382 Secreto — 723.821 Ocean — 470.829 
Media hype which is what the CDC wants. Deaths and new cases are already declining in China. Remember fear is their greatest weapon and fear is a liar.
China to donate 20 mln USD supporting @WHO's global fight against #coronavirus  
Help me out here. China’s been dealing with it more than two months with no where near this number of cases. What am I missing?  …
LOOMING DRUGS STOCKOUT Kenya could face essential drugs stock out India, China have suspended drug exports Importers want govt. to ban export of locally manufactured drugs 
dazed china really blessed us with these 
This is wild. In 1988 China didn't have a single mile of highway (first highway opened that year)... today, they have 88,500 miles of highways. I don't know if it would be possible, currently, for the U.S. to pull off such large scale infrastructure construction.
Coronavirus quarantine hotel in China collapses. In an earlier dispatch, the district government said 70 people were trapped after the building collapsed at about 7.30pm local time. Poor devils. Poor overstretched emergency services.  …
Dear . @WHO, During the #CoronavirusChino, the Ayatollahs in Iran did not stop the #flight from China to Iran ( Mahan Airlines affiliated to #IRGC) just for  reasons. And now we have the crisis with #CoronaVirus in Iran. 
Tragedy heaped upon tragedy for China. The Xinjia hotel, several storeys high, used for coronavirus quarantine has collapsed. Sending all hopes and best wishes to the emergency services, and the trapped patients and staff.  …
Even today, I think it's far more likely that Bitcoin will collapse, than rally to a new all time high. Nobody uses it. Its heavily centralized to China. It consumes enormous amounts of energy, and it has zero properties of a "safe haven" investment. Did I mention nobody uses it?
I'm pretty sure if and when China says play without fans @KingJames will play!? Sooooo...theres  …
“I have no arms, but I have good feet. I can’t go make that sort of money.” Disabled Chinese man, Chen Xinyin, lost his arms when he was seven because of an electric shock. At 20 he lost his father and he had to look after his ailing mom. #China #Disability 
"So the rate at which Kenya has gained new millionaires in the past one year is at 263% even surpassing China."
Viruses don't care about borders. They just carry themselves from China to Europe all by themselves, apparently.  …
They’re also not mentioning how it’s not spreading as fast in China and that people are recovering.  …
 | PICS | Coronavirus quarantine hotel collapse traps 70 in China  …
Firefighters pull a victim from the rubble of a hotel that collapsed in southeastern China. The hotel was used for medical observation of people who had contact with #COVID19 
Another tragedy unfolds as a building being used to house individuals in quarantine with #COVIDー19 collapses in China. The search for survivors is ongoing.  …
- Said he worked with a leader of China who has been dead for 20 years on the Paris Climate Accord in 2016 - Said he was Vice President during the Parkland shooting - Got the cities of mass shootings wrong - Said he’s a candidate for U.S. Senate
Number of #coronavirus cases per 10M people. It also illustrates how quickly a country has reached a specific level (e.g. 100 cases per 10M). South Korea and Italy have higher per capita cases than China now; trends for Switzerland, Norway & Netherlands are alarming. 
Cashier-less #Retail store in #China banking on #FacialRecognition >>> @MikeQuindazzi >>> #AI #IoT #FinTech #MachineLearning #Payments  >>> 
Agreed! Something here. But I don't trust  out of China.
De-globalization, the result of #China's irresponsible conduct, will in turn kill off   …
I find this news odd outta China... A 5 Star Hotel Suddenly Collapses with 70ish People in it.. Something doesnt add up. Rescuers race to save 30 people still trapped in collapsed five-star hotel in China being used to quarantine coronavirus victims  …
During the 5th Board of Approval (BOA) meeting, Prime Minister #ImranKhan approved the Development Agreement on the #Rashakai Special Economic Zone ( #SEZ) under #China- #Pakistan Economic Corridor ( 
Trump wants to end reliance on China. He should remind people why... "key ingredients for so many essential drugs, from antibiotics and birth control pills to treatments for cancer, depression, high cholesterol and HIV/AIDS, are purchased from China"  …
China's Museum of Traitors  … - we need to build one in India also.
#CyberpunkisNow Last year "floating billboards" (barges equipped w/ LED screens running ads) became public nuisances in US states like NY & FL (NYC banned them). Almost like Blade Runner's blimps...  … Image: Advertising barge in China by Theo Derksen 
****URGENT RECALL***** Supermarkets are currently recalling toilet paper as the cardboard roll inserts are imported from China and there are strong fears the cardboard has been contaminated with the coronavirus.The most recent purchases are deemed most likely to be contaminated. 
Rescuers race to save 30 people 'still' trapped in collapsed five-star hotel in China Being used to quarantine coronavirus victims America This is a five-star hotel Just think what a three star is like~ 
Just remember the vast majority of people that are telling you that we are all going to die to the China virus also told you Florida would be under water by now due to global warming, the polar bears would be extinct, Hillary would win, and net neutrality would cause Armageddon.
Dear . @WHO, During the #CoronavirusChino, the Ayatollahs in Iran did not stop the flies from China to Iran ( Mahan Airlines affiliated to #IRGC) just for  reasons. And now we have the crisis with #CoronaVirus in Iran. 
Made in China = Made in Camp indeed  … We should try to have #AnywherebutChina, boycotting the tyranny to stop the forced labour.
@TeamChinaCR 2-1 @SelChileCR China avanza a la siguiente ronda, derrotando a Chile 2-1. China advance the next stage, beating 2-1 to Chile. #NTWorlds @ClashRoyale @ClashRoyaleES @EsportsRoyaleES 
Lord Jesus have mercy on the people in this planet you created for your good purposes. We ask for your forgiveness for abusing the resources you have given us. This tragedy is so sad. May you grant us wisdom,resilience & protection during these difficult season. Bless China Lord!  …
The cause of the corona virus in China is the bat But in Iran, certainly Hojatoleslam and Ayatollah #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19
China’s substantial overreaction to #CoronaVirus with massive draconian measures and the largest quarantines in human history seem to be working. If they had Europe or America’s policies instead, then the death toll may have been in the millions. That’s just the 
on ebay you can buy any of thousands of neon signs, brand new, shipped via ePacket from China. here's a thread 
For weeks, the western media, with the benefit of hindsight, took great pleasure in criticizing China's response to the epidemic, caring little about the victims. Now it seems that even "democracies" are bungling it, even worse than China. Whoops.
China is doing this. We are being lied to. Viruses have no politics. 
*Tim Apple Protestors Puerto Rico The U.S. Postal Service Michelle Wolf New York City Sanctuary Cities Maxine Waters The New York Times China The Fed Joe Biden Etc. Etc. Etc.
Difference between China and India.: China makes Tik-Tok, getting millions of Indians, Americans, to use it, allowing it to make big money and also spy. India boasts of being #1 in users in Tik-Tok, You Tube, which are controlled by others who are anti-Hindu.
“This Modelling paper shows that the travel ban implemented in Hubei was too late to curb transmission to most of the rest of China, but did buy time for the rest of the world”  … Via @MarionKoopmans
3) Millions of Chinese people were and are under a lockdown that bough us time. Would any of our Western countries have done the same? Did we contain this? China uses lockdowns and great technology to manage this. We can't even test large numbers of people.
Because, according to my sources in China, it has mutated an unbelievable 149 times already. The Chinese are now on the receiving end of new cases from Italy.
Says he is studying what China did. Says repeatedly they were very aggressive. Uses the word aggressive a dozen times. Says closures and required quarantines is what works. "Now see that's easier to do in China... would be bad for economy... but there is no doubt mass quarantine"
1) I am getting a little annoyed at people responding to my tweets saying 'why do you even believe the Chinese numbers' and 'China was hiding this' etc. There is something we all need to keep in mind: China bought us time and we wasted it.
When 3 out of 3 casters think @SeleccionCRmx cant beat China that’s what motivates me. First UP is nicaragua and all the focus is there, but if we move on I hope you guys are ready because we WILL beat china. VAMOS MEXICO CARAJOOO
" @YemieFash: The Nigerian Police, @PoliceNG is making headlines in China after some Chinese residing in Nigeria have presented a video proof of corruption in the Nigerian police. This is too shameful. 
A southeastern China hotel used to observe people who had contact with #COVID19 patients collapsed, trapping around 70 people, according to state 
A hotel building in south-eastern China's Quanzhou city collapsed Saturday night, according to the city government statement. Several state media, including People’s Daily, confirmed the hotel has been used as coronavirus quarantine center 
The Latest: 38 rescued after hotel collapse in east China, over 1,000 fire fighters racing to rescue  
god-tier school children. the people's republic of china will govern the entire world once they have the reins
Over 78 million migrant #workers have returned to their workplaces as China meticulously expands business operations amid the ongoing novel #coronavirus outbreak, said Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security on Saturday.
The Liangbatou was a headdress worn by Manchu women in Qing China up until 1911. Two handfuls of hair, parted to each side of the head, were draped over a wire frame. Later, black silk was used in place of hair. Extensions and ornamentation were then added to the frame. 
#CORONAVIRUS IS SMARTER THAN YOU THINK. DON'T UNDERESTIMATE IT. IT WAS DESIGNED TO BE STEALTHY & LAY DORMANT W/O SYMPTOMS LONGER W/O KILLING ITS HOST. China reports 1 patient was diagnosed with coronavirus 42 days after returning home from Wuhan.  06
According to these leaked flight detail, They went from IKA (Imam Khomeini Airport) to PVG (Shanghai Pudong Airport) at 5 Mar 2020 TWICE While China was the start point of #COVID19, they are still going there We are in danger. We need help ASAP! 
We have RNA standards to validate PCR diagnostic assays (US CDC, China CDC, WHO) that we'll happily share with other clinical, surveillance and research labs. The "N" standards are created, just give us a couple of days to generate the rest. details  …
What we are learning from China and other places is that—when we don’t overwhelm our healthcare system—the mortality rate drops significantly! THIS IS THE KEY...and why each of us doing small things could save someone else’s life.  …
Last round of #COVID19 update - A hotel in Qiuanzhou, #China, that was used to quarantine  into close contact with infected patients collapsed around 7:20 pm tonight, around 70 people were in the hotel at the time.
Arthur Waldron , China expert & Univ. Of Pennsylvania Professor is very credible . Read below about the widespread practice of live ORGAN HARVESTING in China . This is shear evil. This may be you or your child’s fortune .  …
DS/China is responsible! They planned it, tampered with COVID-19 & developed it in their labs & are the cause of the deaths of thousands of their own people & many in other nations! They sought to bring down Trump & USA! We pray Gods hedge of protection over our Country! @POTUS
China is the world leader in electric vehicle adoption. So why has the U.S. been so slow to embrace electric buses?  
The coronavirus closed this year's International Human Rights Film Festival in Geneva. They are doing a version 2.0 on-line. I opened the festival to discuss China: Xinjiang, Hong Kong, coronavirus, and Beijing's growing censorship around the world: 
Worldwide, the number of coronavirus cases has surpassed 100,000, including more than 80,000 in China. Yet, 6 U.S. states — AL, ME, OH, OK, WV and WY, currently have no labs with ability to run COVID-19 tests.  …
Wow. So 25% of China's cases yesterday were imported. Will China start banning travelers from specific countries? This virus, devastating as it is, is teaching us hard lessons about our interconnectedness.  …
The number of coronavirus cases outside China could jump tenfold every 19 days without 'strong intervention,' a study says  …
A customer, scared of COVID-19, came into the Panda Express I work at & asked if any of our ingredients came from China Instead of roasting this interaction, I’d like to use this as a lesson: COVID-19cannot survive on non-living sources. Goods from China won’t infect you.
Australia to counter China’s influence with an Air Force base, increased sell off of Australian land and Industries to China, and the expansion of Chinese enclaves in Australia.  …
Tucker Carlson: To protect against coronavirus and other threats, US must  less dependent on China  …
True, the chance of dying from covid-19 once you catch it is less than 2% if you are outside China. But the chance of being robbed whilst walking New York streets too is less than 0.0002% yet every New Yorker I know acts more alert. Yes, no need 4 panic but caution is fine.
A hotel in China that was being used as a coronavirus quarantine location has collapsed with 70 people trapped inside, according to multiple reports.  …
#BREAKINGNEWS: A hotel serving as a Coronavirus quarantine facility in Guangzhou, China has collapsed trapping over 70 people - patients and medics. #TV47KE 
This is why China locked almost a billion people. Once it spreads, it seems impossible to contain
A Chinese hotel used to quarantine people with #Covid19 has collapsed, trapping dozens. About 35 people have been pulled from the rubble of the five-storey Xinjia Hotel. #COVID19 #Coronavirus #China [Knish] 
My problem with these articles is that they do more than simply ask legitimate questions. They assert as fact, in the Olympian tone of journalistic objectivity, what is in fact dubious conjecture: that China's mistakes are *the reason* why the virus spread globally.  
At least 70 people were trapped after a hotel being used as a coronavirus quarantine center in China collapsed. 
DEVELOPING: New video from Quanzahou, China, shows a hotel – reportedly being used to house people who are quarantined for the coronavirus – after it collapsed, with Chinese state media reporting at least 70 people were trapped; no word on any injuries.  
Aptly named for the yellow-gold feathers that wrap around its neck like a collar, the collared partridge is a beautiful array of colors from head to toe. Endemic to south-eastern China, this species is confined to densely forested areas. 
Sela tunnel The tunnel will cut across and reduce the distance between Dirang and Tawang by 10 km. It's a strategic road to counter China as it give all-weather road to access Tawang which usually gets disconnected during winter. Pass is located at 13,700 ft ©sanjeev yadav 
As @zeddy reminded us, Prince's mercenary firm is now China based, Chinese-owned, the PLA its prime customer. So no security worries at all that POTUS is doing sneaky maybe illegal stuff with a money-hungry merc deeply in bed with the Chinese government  …
A hotel being used to house people in coronavirus quarantine has collapsed in China, trapping about 70 people 
Quanzhou China. A hotel used as a quarantine facility has collapsed with about 70 people trapped! Not sure how a hotel can just collapse out of the blue, especially one designated for #coronavirus  …
On China, @TedCruz is consistently pounding away on its influence campaigns and intelligence operations, especially #Huawei. Policy makers globally should pay  …
Once again, China shows us the power of revolutionary collective action  
Anti-Australian Chinese demand anti-white laws in Australian politics, so Chinese can get elected into government even if they are unpopular and people think they are loyal to Chinese Communist Party. That's probably how it works in China, too.  …
The news of a highly contagious new virus jumping from China to the U.S. has caught many Americans by surprise. For us, the outbreak was more like déjà vu  …
I don’t mind that the WHO is influenced by China — really, I don’t. What I do mind is the WHO clinging to the illusion that it is an independent authority.  …
Prince openly discussed Veritas-style ops on Bannon's radio show in 2016 with basically the same cast of characters involved then and now, NYT didn't really care because it was Hillary. Half these stories end up doing little more than making Prince a bigger celebrity in China.
#Starbucks Coffee Company has opened 90 percent of its stores in #China, although under modified hours and conditions.
Recalling it was just a few months ago that #China released this propaganda to quash reports from #Wuhan. Very sad. Prayers for these poor people and their families. #COVIDー19 #COVID19 #CoronaVirusUpdate 
Great piece on how the #coronavirus epidemic shows our perilous economic dependence on China (e.g., they make 95% of our antibiotics!), and vindicated the strong borders and economic nationalist #Trump 2016 campaign platform. #KAGA2020  …
Coronavirus quarantine hotel in China collapses, trapping dozens  …
When the coronavirus outbreak is over, this may turn out to have been the biggest news story. In early February China forced Italy to resume flights between the countries. A month later covid19 is all over Europe and North America.  …
In 2004 Erik Prince sent employees out to die as insurgent bait, spurring a cascading series of events that killed 100s of US soldiers and aided ISIS's rise. Followed that up by working for China & a who's who of human rights abusers. Still revered as a "patriot" in MAGAworld.
Joe Biden voted for: • DOMA • NAFTA • China PNTR • PATRIOT Act • Invasion of Iraq • Bankruptcy "reform" • Bailing out Wall Street • Repealing Glass-Steagall • Secure Fence Act of 2006 • 1996  Act Bernie Sanders voted against them all. #HellNoJoe
"Twitter Prison"? Free @WeTheBrandon, one of America's most interesting thinkers on our tech contest with #China.  …
Tucker Carlson on the coronavirus pandemic: 'It will reorder the global economy and change our politics'- who sold us to China? Who wants us to stay indebted to China? Part 1 #TheMoreYouKnow  
Two more nurses passed away in Gilan,N Iran today. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19 all over the country when they refused to be honest with ppl, when they didn’t quarantine Qom, when they didn’t stop flights to/from China. our friends on Twitter are no exception! an example!  …
Holding a long position in $BILI already... this stock is an indirect beneficiary of the Corona virus scare! A great way to play the "Stay-At-Home" theme in China! Notice how well this stock has held up as the rest of the market got pounded!  
Across CA, the economic pain from Covid-19 is acute, as workers lose jobs tied to the China trade. 1 in 9 Southern CA jobs stem from its massive ports—people who work on the docks, drive trucks and move boxes in warehouses.That’s a million jobs.  …
A hotel in Fujian Province in China where officials had placed people who might have had contact with coronavirus patients collapsed on Saturday night, trapping dozens in the rubble, according to officials and local news outlets 
Coronavirus quarantine hotel in China collapses, trapping dozens  …
How did America end up allowing China to make all our medicine? Guess. 
U.S. scientist describes his visit to China’s hot zone. "It’s hard to know what you’re not being told."  …
#Uyghur mothers ask help from the international organizations to put pressure on #China to stop its genocidal policies in occupied East #Turkistan and immediately close and release the concentration camp detainees due to the #coronavirus .  via @YouTube
South Korea and China intensify measures in a bid to stem the virus. 
Theres a main village known as Nomal b/w Naltar valley & Gilgit. A road from Nomal goes to The Silk Route to China 
UPDATE: The number of confirmed cases of coronavirus jumps to more than 102,000 as death toll rises to nearly 3,500 in 99 countries/territories worldwide. The new cases recorded more in overseas than in China. 
#UPDATE Around 70 people were trapped after the collapse of a hotel used as a coronavirus quarantine facility in eastern China on Saturday evening, officials said 
Covid-19: Ocean carriers have canceled 60 vessel sailings from China for the 1st quarter of this year —nearly twice the normal number. The 12 terminals across the two giant Southern California ports have been shutting down for days at a  …
. @WHO This the 7th March flight to China!The clerical regime endangers the lives of ppl not only Iran but the other countries!So it is a deadly virus itself and should be destroyed! 
I ask why? How? I jokingly ask if they have some back alley supplier. (And this is why I raised that they're Korean) The answer is no. They saw what was happening in China two months ago and stocked up.
Yeah, China is OWNED until you realize our government isn't even capable of doing that to control the virus  …
Like we see in horror movies, most of the disasters started in the labs were scientists created monsters intentionally. So the planet should blame China? Should we expect the #CoronaVirusOutbreak again in 2030? #CoronavirusInSA #covid19SA #COVID19 
WATCH: Hotel in China holding quarantined coronavirus patients collapses.  …
You could, you know, hold the administration accountable for their inaction when the virus was spreading in China. You could hold them accountable for the decimation of the staff at the CDC. You could hold them accountable for their cover up of information. You could #DoYourJob.
MADE IN CHINA: Hotel used to quarantine people collapses. Why the fuck would anyone buy cheap shit made in  shithole? #AmericaFirst #COVIDー19 
Am I the only one sitting here wondering if this is not an orchestrated incident to rid china of this concentrated group of people under Corona Virus medical observation.
reminder from China though; prison populations are *really* vulnerable to epidemics  …
These flight details are leaked out. Please take a look at them They even went to China in 5 Mar 2020 Please tell the world that #COVIDー19 came to Iran purposely. Why they are still going to China? 
NEW: At least 70 trapped as coronavirus quarantine hotel collapses in China  
Communist China does better than you do, Gavin, on your needle and feces infested streets in California:   …
The novel coronavirus is getting a new name from Secretary of State Mike Pompeo -- the "Wuhan virus" -- despite objections from China where the illness was first detected.  …
the reason of why we believe #AyatollahsSpreadCovid19,they didn't stopped flying to China, they had bring Corona to Iran with Mahan planes, they didn't quarantine in qom,epi-center of contagion.But their foreign minister after their all foults,blamed US for the his regime crimes. 
Uber driver!! China must pay, this is insane.  …
World less China REPORTED infections. All charts are daily plots as of 6PM ET. Last plot as of Friday March 6. Source: John Hopkins Univ  … (1/6) @ErikSTownsend @chrismartenson @EpsilonTheory @MishGEA @RMKOutFront @ttmygh @alykhansatchu 
Iran hasn't stopped flights to/from China YET! HUNDREDS are dead in Iran, but still Mahan Air has flights to Shanghai, every day. This is INSANE! #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19 around the world, intentionally or not, ppl are dying. #IranTruth 
China is to donate 20 million USD to the World Health Organization to support @WHO's global work  #coronavirus outbreak, in an effort to help developing countries to cope with the epidemic. 
#BREAKING from @DailyMailUK: Hotel quarantining #Coronavirus patients has collapsed in #China.  …
Here are some glimpses of a dedicated corridor at Delhi Airport for COVID-19 screening of passengers from high risk countries - China, Hong Kong, Italy, South Korea, Indonesia, Vietnam, Japan and Iran. We appreciate your patience and cooperation. 
For dirty moneys, @MahanAirlines under #IRGC was flying to China when all other countries banned China’s airports due to #CoronaVirus. For their staged propaganda they lied about the existence of Corona! & now they’re hoping to last longer with more death 
Government Is Indentifying  Facilities To  South African Nationals To Be Evacuated From China #Coronavirus 
Jared Kushner made $45 million by changing policy for opportunity zones in areas where he owned property, and Ivanka got patents with China while daddy threatened a trade war, but Hunter Biden legally got a job in Ukraine, based on family fame so his dad shouldn’t be president. 
PLEASE READ this article. Li Zehua resigned from state-run China Central TV to report on #coronavirus. Last week, Chinese agents found him. Here is @cnmediaproject’s translation of his last remarks as they pounded on his door. He hasn’t been seen  …
They did not quarantine Qom.They did not cancel flights to China.They did not provide the doctors and nurses with the equipment.They didn't build hospitals, they didn't build schools, they built mosques to spread evil thoughts.They are enemies of humanity. #AyatollahsSpreadCOVID
As Sen. Tom Cotton has hinted at a “super laboratory” in Wuhan a reference to the high security biolab in the city as a possible point of origin for the contagious disease. Do you think China is trying to cover up the outbreak's origins? @realDonaldTrump @SenTomCotton
How truly blessed we are to have this man as our leader. @realDonaldTrump exudes calm, confidence and focus in all his endeavors, whether it's dealing with the #Coronavirus, the economy, or China--he's steadfast and true. #TrumpLove #TrumpLovesAmerica Love our First 
Joe Biden is all about cutting Social Security & Medicare. Here is in China during 2011 discussing how he supported cuts to Medicare. #Bernie2020 #NotMeUs  
YOOOOOO anyone wanna go china ? 
China is a perfect example as to why even a ridiculously biased free press is infinitely better than a regulated press. Imagine the things government is able to cover up & get away with because they have a chokehold on all info. God bless this nation. So thankful to live here.
A 6-story hotel being used to quarantine people exposed to coronavirus has collapsed in southeast China.  …
China and Iran have the most recorded cases? Things that make you go hmmmmmmm?
Stunning satellite NASA pictures of China before and after COVID-19 outbreak showing dramatic reduction of nitrogen dioxide due to reduced economic activity 
Although the epidemic first broke out in China, it did not necessarily mean that the virus is originated from China, let alone "made in China". 
Coronavirus quarantine hotel collapses in China, trapping 70 people  #FoxNews
China Just Built a 250-Acre Solar Farm Shaped Like a Giant Panda 
Shanghai tightens airport checks as imported virus infections in China jump  
.Do you really think China would let this video be shot and released? This IS an informational war. China still controls many US  consumers, politicians. Going to be interesting times. All the MSM is in on this including your favs. This really is madness!  …
Rescuers search for survivors in the rubble of a collapsed hotel in Quanzhou, in China's eastern Fujian province on March 7, 2020. The hotel was used as a quarantine facility for #coronavirus patients. Photo from AFP FULL STORY:  
A hotel used for medical observation of people who had contact with coronavirus patients has collapsed in southeastern China. Dozens of people are trapped and at least 33 have been rescued. There were no immediate reports of deaths. 
China has approved a rapid testing kit for #COVID19 with results available in 29 minutes. The kit can be used for clinical cases, suspected cases and the screening of high-risk groups, improving the testing efficiency of front-line medical institutions.  
I've been trying to get clear in my head why @WHO is pushing containment of #Covid19 soooo hard, given nobody could do what China has done.  to the conclusion it's about slowing spread so health delivery doesn't collapse. You should read this thread.  …
They won't tell us where the original Rockefeller fortune came from. Nor do we know what they were doing in China as early as the Civil War. The most powerful family in American history is none of our business.  …
"The lower middle class used to be able to afford a home, a car and a cheap vacation. People in it are now struggling to simply survive. Donald Trump was elected by this group because he empathized with the transfer of their jobs to China. SANDERS now speaks to this group"
This video is a timeline of transmission and spread of the #Coronavirus worldwide. started by #Wuhan in #China Now turned into a Pandemic and currently infected and victimized in over more then 80 countries (20 Jan 2020- 3 March 2020) 
Did you know Obama gave China full reign on our health care drugs and equipment China produces 95% of our antibiotics, x-ray and ctc, mri equipment Donald J is bringing it back to America @realDonaldTrump @SenSanders @cnnbrk @NBCNews
Just my opinion: wish china could send a team of drs and nurses and professionals  and manage this disaster cause irans regime cant manage any shit instead, they aim the virus to spread even more. #AyatollahsSpreadCovid19
The absolute state of China.  …
Meanwhile in China 
 lie even when they know people will die. #COVID19 #CoronaOutbreak  …
China's coronavirus recovery is 'all fake,' whistleblowers and residents claim  … via @Yahoo
When China has 571 cases and 17 deaths they locked down 11 million people in Wuhan. The USA is currently at 340 and 14 deaths.
At least 70 people trapped under collapsed 5-storey #coronavirus quarantine facility in #China, State Media confirms.
Take a look at these pictures Map shows #coronavirus outbreak in Iran It started from Qom province There were many Chinese mullahs there Mahan Airline transferred many China citizens including Chinese mullahs to/from Iran There was no #COVIDー19 in Iran. 
Defund the #WHO. Just when it was needed most, it acted like an arm of #China's Communist Party  failed the people of the world. #COVID19 #CoronaOutbreak  …
Whilst the rest of the world battles with a shortage of loo roll China deploys storm troopers - what a time to be alive 
33 rescued after hotel collapse in E China  
The effort of a Pakistani engineer volunteering to help coordinate overseas projects in Wuhan is highly appreciated. With quick responses and anti-epidemic efforts from all walks of life, the epidemic will will be over soon #COVID-19 @MFA_China Read  …
Hotel used for coronavirus quarantine collapses in China, trapping 70, government officials say. 
Tucker on the China Threat. We need to Wake up. This is serious #CommunistChina 
Mahan Air did not deliberately halt flights to China. 
Rescue workers try to free people trapped after hotel collapse in southeastern China; place was being used to quarantine people who had contact with coronavirus patients. Related story: 
Mahan Air under control of #IRGC is main factor of spreading #Coronavirus in #Iran. While Corona virus outbreak was started, this airline was still open to China and still it is open. Take a look at these pictures. 
I started working in a Tire factory when I was 19 with my dad, uncles, cousins and neighbors in Tyler,Tx. That plant production is now in China because of US trade deals. 1300 jobs lost! ⁦ @BernieSanders⁩ has always voted no on these deals!  …
Hotel in China holding coronavirus victims in quarantine collapses as emergency service scramble to reach 70 trapped in the rubble  
. @WHO The Ayatollahs once predicted the #Coronavirus epidemic ravaging China would not affect Iran. A few weeks passed by, and now Iran has among the most #COVIDー19 deaths outside China while the Iranian medical workers have been ordered to keep quiet. 
PREMIERE 12:30pm ET:  "I like to remind people that Walmart actually was made in America by America" just a few decades ago. "Then suddenly everything  from China." Now, those jobs  back, says @RepGregPence. 
Try to hack this @China 
4/ Credit  have warned about the erosion of #HK's of political and economic independence in recent years. Only by human rights sanctions, we can counter China’s erosion of the city’s freedoms and foreign business interests on this island.
3/ Clearly, #China plans another bloody crackdown upon pro-democracy #hongkongprotests. Not to mention that #China is imposing a new sinofication on the city and turning #Hongkong into another Mainland city.
1/ Six months after the passing of #HKHumanRightsandDemocracyAct, #US @StateDept will deliver its first annual certification of Hong Kong’s autonomy as specified in the Act. The Act is designed to safeguard #HK’s autonomy and freedoms from #China’s growing influence.
Lahore Qalandars are just like china made product. chaly tou saal tak, na chaly tou shaam tak.
[Thread] Uranium deposits have been discovered in Mustang, on the Nepal-China border. This is a considerable horde. It is said to be one of the most important finds of uranium in a long time. It is going to  a flashpoint for the China-US tension.
The Democrats are scaring Americans over a regular occurrence- the Flu. @realDonaldTrump, “never let a good crisis go to waste”, to quote Obama COS Emanuel: Close the Border, Deport Illegals, end filthy sanctuary counties, ban China from producing essentials like medications!
JUST IN: Coronavirus quarantine hotel collapses in China, trapping 70 people.
Why are Americans being forced to train their cheap foreign replacements? Why is the tech industry outsourcing the majority of their jobs to India? Why is the majority of US manufacturing done in Communist China? Do something useful, lady.  …
-The bund finance center -shanghai , china 
SHANGHAI, March 7 (Reuters) - About 70 people were trapped on Saturday after a five-storey hotel being used for coronavirus quarantine collapsed in the port city of Quanzhou in southeast China, state media said.
Plus it’s bullsh@t. One of the first victims I heard about was the young ophthalmologist in China, he was 34 years old  …
China Coronavirus quarantined hotel “collapses”? I’m getting Building 7 vibes.  …
A new excellent report out of WSJ (whose reporters were expelled from China recently) that reinforces this: China chose to hide and cover-up human-to-human transmission till things got out of hand. That's the reason we have the pandemic in the first place.  …
China trade slumps as coronavirus containment measures close factories 
This is so true. We need to get our independence back from China, we cannot be dependent on  regime for anything in the future, especially medicine. NWO is about dominance, not equality.  …
Sea story: In the mid-1990s, as the US and Vietnam were about to establish diplomatic ties, I was in the South China Sea, navigator on a US guided-missile cruiser. My CO (Vietnam vet) wanted to make a port call in Cam Ranh Bay. We were a bit ahead of our time, but on to something  …
A notice to Florida officials: It is criminal negligence not to disclose public health threats like #coronavirus. We have a human right to know about  spread. This is not the dark ages or China. All of this is unfolding n the internet age. #BrowardCounty
. @chrislhayes: "We have had three months to prepare for the coronavirus  to the US since the outbreak started in Wuhan, China. We  failed so far. The federal government and the Trump admin. and  failed up until now." 
In "Some Notes on Sogdian Costume in Early Tang China," Sergey Yatsenko canvasses a wide array of art and sculpture to analyze striking similarities and differences within Sogdian dress in China.  
Corona virus came here faster than most my deliveries from China do
BREAKING: China hotel holding coronavirus victims in quarantine COLLAPSES, dozens trapped in rubble [VIDEOS, PHOTOS]  … via @realdennislynch
The WHO has described the growing number of places outside China reporting their first COVID-19 cases as "deeply concerning."  …
“And now that cases are picking up, my phone is ring much more and people are saying: How did China do? What they did exactly? ”Bruce Aylward, Assistant Director General of the WHO, told China Daily in an exclusive interview. #COVID19 
#US #MD #PA #BucksCounty #montgomerycounty Although 3 residents had flu-like symptoms after #Egypt trip, not tested for the virus for nearly 2 weeks, because at the time of their return, @CDCgov  tests only for people traveling in China  
#UPDATE: About 70 people trapped after hotel collapse in E China. 34 rescued as of 21:55 p.m. (Beijing Time) 
A hotel building in south-eastern China's Quanzhou city was collapsed on Saturday night, according to the city government statement. Several state media including People’s Daily confirmed the hotel has been used as coronavirus quarantine center. (1/2)
The beginning of the end for the Duterte regime. It took covid-19 for people to realize how his sick China romance directly affects everyone.  …
#Breaking a multi storey hotel in #Quanzhou, #China has collapsed trapping close to 70 people in the rubble Media reports suggest the hotel was used as a quarantining facility for suspected cases of #coronavirus #COVID19, ... rescue operations are currently 
But it hapenned in China during Ebola. The Chinese govt deported African students. And ya'll don't know about it cause no one cared
Medicated soap bars give helping hand in China's battle against #COVID19  
By the end of this, we might realize that having a highly-internationalized supply chain with single-source or  like pharmacuetical ingredients from China, is a bad idea. It's great for corporate profits in the short-term, then eventually exacerbates crises.
The WHO’s desire to mollify China, a major donor, and avoid a panic have outweighed its need to protect public health 
I have a family member that thinks coronavirus was an after affect of a 5G mobile phone network being installed in China...wish I was making it up, but it is sadly true.
I don't get. China 'makes sacrifices' for the corona virus then demands media to apologize? The world does not owe China an apology but China owes the world the truth  …
Any other MSM talking about this, aside from @TuckerCarlson? "..more than 95% of all antibiotics are manufactured  China." Also, catch Tuckers revisit to an Obama prediction re China at about 5 minutes in.  … Then, there's this excerpt 
China has had COVID-19 from the start and affects only .005% of their population. This projects 30% spread in the US?  and utter #fearporn rubbish. The people who put out this garbage should be  …
The coronavirus what you need to know right now. Do not believe everything we read. The numbers are not correct. Why did military take 2000 infected from China to a military base here in the United States? I want answers.  …
Global uncertainty: The economic fallout from coronavirus  #China 
Latest: 70 people trapped as coronavirus quarantine hotel collapses in China  …
A mighty regime brought down by a tiny bug. How ironic. #China #CPAC2020 @carriesheffield  …
70 trapped after China hotel used for coronavirus quarantine collapses  
HUGE NEWS for @POTUS Trump! According To Most Recent Gallup Polls -->The Public NOW Views U.S. As The World’s Economic Power Over China For The First Time Since 2000! -->65% Believe TRUMP Will Be Re-Elected . @EdRollins Fox 
Ugh. This is so preposterous. COVID-19 will never be widespread like the flu. It is already slowing in China and S Korea. Also mortality rate is .1% to 1% according to latest figures. This is all fearporn and media hype.  …
A hotel used as a quarantine facility for #coronavirus in #China’s Fujian province collapsed, trapping ~70 people under rubble, local government says. State media reports 28 people have been rescued so far.  …
Yeah, sounds like things are going “great” in China. Anyone believes their infection numbers or that they have this thing handled, I have a bridge in Wuhan to sell you.  …
Modelling paper shows that the travel ban implemented in Hubei was too late to curb transmission to most of the rest of China, but did buy time for the rest of the world  …
This happens in Hong Kong almost every day. Most are young people. They didn’t suicide. HK police and  party are the murders. HKers don’t have weapons, they can’t defend themselves. HKers need  help. Plz don’t turn a blind on. 
Hotel used to quarantine people collapses in Quanzhou, China; at least 34 people rescued so far, up to 36 others still unaccounted for
Four countries claim corona-virus isn't a problem. North Korea says "no cases". Russia says few cases and they have it under control. China says they have it under control. And trump says he and the republicans have it under control. Do you believe any of them?
Why is Bernie not attacking trump &his handling of the crisis &world matters?Why is he not attacking Russia or China? The enemy is not Joe or the Dem party.His lack of addressing the real problems is why I decided to support Joe over him since my candidate is out.Unity not hate.
At this point, a vote for @realDonaldTrump is a vote for unlimited immigration, weak borders, amnesty, outsourcing American jobs to India, outsourcing US manufacturing to China, early prison release, & snide remarks about Mini Mike in useless tweets. It's all so tiresome.
The collapsed hotel in Quanzhou, SW China's Fujian trapping around 70 people under was a designated quarantine place for people who are suspected of having #coronavirus or have close contact with #COVID19 patients. So far 28 people have been 
China: aggressive measures + fake numbers Iran: No measures + fake numbers South Korea: aggressive measures + real numbers USA: no measures + no numbers Italy: aggressive measures (but late) + real numbers Trusting Chinese numbers lead to dramatic underestimation.
It is always tempting to say globalization is "irreversible," but it is not. And in this case #China's inhumane, brutal, and aggressive leaders will help us convince everyone else that globalization is not worth the cost.  …
China hotel collapse: Dozens trapped in Quanzhou wreckage 
About 70 people trapped after hotel collapse in E China. 23 rescued as of 9:00 p.m. (Beijing Time)  
AHGASE There’s a rumor going around that Mark is releasing his second single in China on March 14th! On White Day and exclusively on NetEase The rumor started after these pics were posted on Weibo! Are you excited? ~Nouch~ #MarkTuan #GOT7 @GOT7Official 
Forest Temple in Chefoo (China), 1895. 
Is this China or the set of the new Star Wars movie? 
A scene from Star Wars? No ... This is how China fights #coronavirus 
There are now good reasons to believe that the coronavirus will hit America especially hard, even though it originated in China. Why? Because it plays into multiple pre-existing weaknesses 1/
Kramer says that Bob sacamano his friend has some  straight from China. while in his chair Jerry finds out that Tim Whatley thinks viruses are all hoaxes and never washes his hands.
China knew that the Wuhan virus was spreading China covered up that the Wuhan virus was spreading China delayed release of the genome of the virus that was needed for testing kits to be made Clear cut case that they are responsible and should be held accountable
#UPDATE At least 70 people trapped under collapsed 5-storey 'coronavirus quarantine' hotel in #China MORE:  
JUST IN: Hotel used as quarantine site collapses, traps 70 in eastern China | via @afp Story soon on  .
Please, world, decouple  China, let  party die!  …
16 people have been rescued after a hotel building collapsed in the city of Quanzhou, east China's Fujian Province, Saturday evening. 
Political decisions greatly aided the rise of #China as a "manufacturing hub," and political decisions can end its role as such. Beijing, through its repulsive and belligerent behavior, will aid those of us who want to cut trade links with the Chinese regime.  …
... and many scores of young and healthy will die. It will put your country into its worst recession ever seen. You will only find out later what the government of China has managed to achieve in its fight against #COVID19. LEARN FAST. ACT FAST.
70 people trapped as coronavirus quarantine hotel collapses in China  …
China should pay for costs associated with Coronavirus testing, treatment, and containment.
Tucker Carlson: To protect against coronavirus and other threats, US must  less dependent on China  …
70 PEOPLE TRAPPED IN COLLAPSED HOTEL IN CHINA'S FUJIAN PROVINCE - STATE MEDIA COLLAPSED HOTEL IN CHINA USED FOR CORONAVIRUS QUARANTINES - STATE MEDIA
47% of the total meat from India is exported to China and Vietnam. Both those countries are not even Muslims and do not demand Halal either. Why does 14% of India's population blackmail and get Halal certificate? Bharat want to know.. #SupportHinduEconomy #SHE
Issue 13 'In Solitary Light' will be released online TODAY. It features our #flashfiction contest shortlist & boasts contributors from the US, UK, Nigeria, Canada, Singapore, Kenya, Australia, Switzerland, Morocco, Netherlands, China, & Spain (!). #coverphoto by 
The secrecy is the signature of a Communist country. We pretend China is “normal” but it’s very much not.  …
Concerning racist letters sent to China Town restaurants, Yokohama's mayor said: "They are hate speech. It saddens me so much when I think of people working at the restaurants. We will respond to the matter in conjunction with related organizations."  …
The collapsed hotel building in Quanzhou, E.China's Fujian is a medical observation site for holding people who had close contact with #COVID19 patients. 28 have been rescued as of 22:00:  …
Good morning from China 
Good news from the Government of #China: they are contributing USD 20 million to @WHO to bolster the global fight against #COVID19. My sincere thanks to Ambassador Chen, who delivered the good news today on behalf of President Xi Jinping as well as the government & people of 
Don't be panic if you happen to see this scene somewhere in China. This is an army of cleaners disfecting street amid the #coronavirus 
Someone just sent me a DM and please. To update accs out there, verify your informations before updating misleading things. 曜星文化 = Shining Star Culture = YG Beijing = YG China 新锐杂志 = Shining Star Entertainment = NOT YG CHINA Boygroup CATCHERS is under 新锐杂志
#UPDATE 28 people have been rescued after some 70 people were trapped following a hotel collapse at 7:30 p.m. (local time) in Quanzhou City, southeast China's Fujian Province, said local authorities. latest:  
Back in early January when we were hearing about it spreading quickly within China I was wondering why so many in the US were acting like it was going to be limited to China. You can't contain something like that no matter how hard you try, at least not while people are alive.
Philippines was used to be a "province of Spain" because of Spanish colonization for 333 years. Mostly Filipinos were dying to fight for independence until they won revolutionary war. But now we are  a "province of China". Our history has been teaching us not to repeat it
March 7 AM #COVID19 update: 102,471 cases & 3491 deaths. China = 80,651; South Korea = 7,041; Iran = 4,747 & Italy = 4,636. US with 340 cases but 17 deaths suggests significant under diagnosis due to low testing numbers. My guess is that US has already close to 2,000 cases! 
Hundreds of apples were scattered onto the ground after a collision at an intersection in Bozhou, China. Watch what happened next. 
200307 QQMusic weibo update Congratulate that Lay’s HONEY MV has reached 10,000,000 points on QQ music chart, which is the biggest music platform in China. @layzhang #Lay #LayZhang #Yixing #张艺兴 #레이 #レイ #張藝興 
Breaking: The Xinjia Hotel in Quanzhou, southeastern China's Fujian province collapsed on Saturday night. As of 9:30 p.m., 28 people have been pulled from the rubble and about 70 people are trapped, according to domestic media. 
Mr President will you tell China we will be putting a 1 Billion dollar tariff on each Corona Virus death they cause in America....Thank you @realDonaldTrump
#URGENT | Hotel building collapses in southeast China, unknown number of people trapped under debris - video #SputnikUrgent  
ANNOUNCEMENT We're still looking for several Country Representatives in the following areas: China Singapore Vietnam Australia France Canada Peru Kindly DM or email us if interested. #트레저 #최현석 #TREASURE 
Moths of #Yunnan - Calpinae, Erebidae (Vampire/Fruit Piercing Moths) (IDs in links)     #insect #China #Lepidoptera #moth #entomology 
It’s not normal. A street in Central Milan. Italy now has more daily deaths than China- 49 new deaths yesterday. And a daily infection rate that’s 7 times worse than China’s. 
#Breaking A hotel building #collapses in Quanzhou, East China's Fujian province, trapping about 70 people under it. 23 people have been rescued as of 9 pm, according to the local government. Rescue work is still underway. 
 to the hunger Games!"After the 1st covid19 death was in China in Jan & the virus began to spread, reports of empty supermarket shelves in nearby areas started to appear on social media." As more cases arised, global panic has happened-desperate hoarding! 
The youngest novel #coronavirus patient in Central #China's Henan province has been cured and was discharged from hospital on March 6. The infant was found to be infected with #COVID19 five days after 
#China #exports fell 17.2% YoY in the first two months of the year, a bigger decline than 
China Should be sanctioned into the ground for allowing this Virus to spread like this without telling everyone #SaturdayThoughts
It’s called the #WuhanVirus from #CHINA. Corona Virus is a gas-lighting opportunity; a propaganda tool used to increase fear. Stop the fear. The sky is not falling.  sense precautions. You’ll be fine! Who is watching the $8BB closely....
Sanctions?! Weeks of covering up, encouraging people to participate in “mass rallies”, regular flights to China, sending millions of medical emergencies to China and not quarantining #Qum , the Iranian capital of #coronavirus are the main reasons behind the #outbreak in  …
Eh, Joe 30330 we have a President who unites all Americans! Well the legal ones, the ones that believe in God, the Flag & the unborn child. You on the other hand want to unite with the illegal, the baby killers and evidently China. You'll do yourself a big favor by not talking.  …
You overestimate your capacity to offend China. Just curious: Is low-quality, radically discrediting China your formal job as a senator? It is different from our understanding of US senators.  …
"Just booked my one month spring break trip in China. Can't wait!" 
A scene from Star Wars? No ... This is how China fights #coronavirus 
No one trusts China's economic figures but we're supposed to trust their public health tallies? Ok then.
Deadly viruses that entered India from foreign nations: AIDS : Congo Nipah : Malaysia Bird flu : Hong Kong Corona : China Dengue : Manila ANONIA MAINO/CHORNIA : Italy The last virus has created the most damage But Indians have already discovered remedy for it - MODI
Sobering ⁦ @WSJ⁩ reconstruction from China of how a series of early missteps, dating back to the very first patients,  by political leaders who dragged their feet to inform the public of the risks and to take decisive control measures.  …
Would have been a little smarter to close the borders to China earlier than you did! Oh wait!! You haven't yet? Wow.  …
#BREAKING: A hotel building collapsed in Quanzhou, SE China's Fujian at around 7 pm Saturday, trapping an unknown number of people under it. So far 16 people have been rescued. Rescue work remains underway. 
China is our biggest threat and yet they are our medicine cabinet  …
“Never mind China, look to the US for the next big coronavirus crisis”  …
In USA many people are saying there is no reason to panic even though they have seen the  in China.. How blind can they be.... with the government dragging its feet with testing and closures it only seems like a matter of time before we see a mass outbreak like Iran/China
In China leaders concealed number of #coronavirus cases for a period of time. In US question that must be answered is did Trump admin not conduct mass testing (only tested 1,900 to date) as a result of  or intentionally since Trump wants to keep number of cases low?
#COVIDー19 Latest update fr WHO data as of 6pm, 7 Mac 2020. Death toll in Italy 197 cases, the largest fatalities out of China. WHO says nearly 100,000 ppl worldwide have contracted the coronavirus. Malaysia reported 93 cases with 23 cases recovered & discharged well. 
Hundreds of apples were scattered onto the ground after a collision at an intersection in Bozhou, China. Watch what happened next. 
Because of testing delays, we have no idea where the virus is, making it necessary to cancel major conferences and public gatherings all over the country. China gave us time and we squandered it.
Her numbers are off (assuming China is even close in their numbers). I mean... She is predicting thy US will have 12X as many cases as China?  …
Coronavirus: China's War on the Truth:  …
If CORN is China Open Research Network and China Open Research Network is spies ....what's that make James Corney? Trying to figure out WH vs BH vs FLIPPED is NOT easy Also, COR(o)N(a)
In China, if you were not a confirmed CV19 case and you died, then you didn’t die of CV19. I’m sure the same thing is happening today in Iran. I suspect the same thing is happening today in other countries, too. We must not allow this to happen in the US. #DontTestDontTell
China exported its coronavirus crisis by initially concealing it, instead of taking early and decisive action. Now, is China threatening to weaponize its near monopoly on global supply of pharmaceutical ingredients, with Xinhua highlighting how a Chinese export ban will impact? 
A 100-year-old Wuhan patient with #COVID19 was discharged Saturday, marking the oldest recovered patient in China. Army clinical specialists participated in his treatment and traditional Chinese medicine #TCM contributed to treating the virus: 
China, yearly produces talents on a massive scale, will soon dominate the world of science and innovation; time to jump on the China train. 
#BREAKING People trapped in hotel collapse in SE China  …
China’s irresponsibility with the coronavirus & America’s dependence on antibiotics and medications from China makes President Trump’s efforts to bring our critical supply chain home so much more important. Carry on ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ You are  …
The U.S. to invest $5.0 billion in #Ethiopia. @FT MY VIEW: $5.0 billion + $9.0 billion from IMF, etc, is the U.S’ (the West) strategy to access SSA’s 4th largest economy & counter China. $14 billion is the largest Western financing ever in #Africa. Kudos @AbiyAhmedAli, 
1. Find anything “Made In China” 2. Cross out the word “China” 3. Write the word “Camps” 4. Share your image or video on social media 5. Use the hashtag 
Ching Shih was a Chinese pirate leader who terrorized the China Seas in the early 19th-century.  over 300 ships and manned them with 20,000 to 40,000 pirates. #WomensHistoryMonth  
#COVID19 #coronavirus is affecting 93 countries, cases(deaths), as of Mar 7, 7AM EST 1. China 80,651(3,070) 2. S. Korea 7,041(49) 3. Iran 5,823(145) 4. Italy 4,636(197) 5. Japan+cruise 1,139(12) 6. Germany 717 7. France 653(9) 8. Spain 441(8) 9. USA 335(17) 10. Switzerland 216(1) 
Hyukjae: I’m also preparing something for everyone...to be exact, I’ve been preparing some contents. What I’m preparing will be uploaded on yt, and for our china fans who cant watch yt, i will upload on bilibili and i heard there is a taiwan youtube too
Honestly folks, if the global economy is shifting gears down and China has to prioritize whose oil barrels to import, then price will be a very critical factor. I am NOT of the opinion that US shale will be victim here, but a leader. The oil wells producing shale also produce...
How can France have Europe's first case on Jan 7th and the first case outside China is Jan 13th?
i really love the teacher-student relationship in produce 101 china!!! after the hug, the students gave the teachers a thank you card and show luo saw that xu mengjie said that he was her idol since young and was like “but you chose to hug yibo and not me” 
Our revised forecasts look worse than they are, because Q1 disproportionately pulls down 2020 growth. For China we assume a contraction of 1.0% q/q in Q1, but then an expansion of 2.0% in Q2, i.e. a V-shaped recovery. Risk is that this bounce-back is delayed in China & elsewhere. 
'But, as God as my witness, not leaders of China and India'  …
China's Chongqing launches new freight train route to Europe  
China appears to treat Islam in the Xinjiang region as a mental viral disease, with enforced quarantine (camps), intensive treatment (pro-China anti-Islam education), and restriction of viral outbreak hotspots (mosques closed). Do you approve or disapprove these Chinese policies?
N China's Inner Mongolia will green over 1.8 million hectares of land with trees, grass  
#Russian Su-30 LL passes at a height of just over a meter above the ground, without releasing the chassis. Pilot - Anatoly Kvochur. Zhangjiajie, #China, March 19, 2006 @AirForceReviews @200_zoka @Chopsyturvey @su35thunder2 @IdaratL @IRanefer @peterpobjecky 
Representing #Tibet & #EastTurkistan in solidarity at the UN - silence on #China by some UN representatives and members does not intimidate, we are focusing on those actors at the UN who have decided to stand on the right side of history. 
No one in the White House thought to get tests ready when the coronavirus began spreading in China a few months ago? Too busy preparing their CPAC speeches?
China honors a whistle-blowing doctor who became famous worldwide after calling attention to the coronavirus outbreak 
The utter delusion that China would liberalise as it got richer, aided by the West turning a blind eye to its repressive character, facilitating things such as membership of the WTO and as it stole intellectual property from us #auspol  …
Never mind China, look to the US for the next big coronavirus crisis  …
No country’s crisis management mechanism is built in a day or is too perfect to be improved. It's not easy especially for China, a vast country with a huge population. China will for sure defeat #COVID19 &manmade problems. This's an indisputable fact that no slanders could  …
Over 13,000 in America died from it in all. And it and bird flu are both a form of flu we still get today although they found a vaccine. It came from Mexico, and Obama never implemented ANY travel bans. In fact he called Russia and China and requested they take more of our pork.
Uganda has enhanced measures to prevent timportation of #COVIDー19. Affected countries have been categorized according to evolution of the outbreak. Travelers from Italy,Iran,South Korea,France,China,Germany & Spain should consider postponing non essential travel to Uganda. 
RECCO >How #China Is Losing Support For Its Belt And Road Initiative "you suddenly discover yourself floating within the vacuum of Beijing-speak—a land of mirages where you either take the illusions at face value or descend into an empirical black hole"  …
Our awesome President acted immediately to keep people  in from CHINA who developed this germ warfare virus. I love it when he kicks their ass.  …
In world, AIDS found in Congo Nipah in Malaysia Corona in China Ebola in South Sudan Bird flu in Hong Kong Dengue in Manila BUT Crores gather in Kumbh Mela Take bath at a time in same river Yet no virus takes birth Bcoz invisible scientific powers like God-Dharma protect us
"Chinese authorities prioritized the suppression of bad news over the welfare of the people." @KenRoth, Executive Director of @hrw, on the response of China's authorities to #COVIDー19. Watch the full interview:  
This is how the CCP recruits their #50Cent propaganda army to spread lies and disinformation to the world. Proxys of state officials pay people to spread their propaganda on social media. #BoycottChina. Be aware of this when you  about China. Thank you. 
Not "Made in China," but rather "Made in Camps" must be used. 
British public views [favourability] towards USA 50-37 (+13) Russia 13-68 (-55) China 23-59 (-36) India 41-37 (+4) Japan 65-14 (+51) Israel 24-51 (-27) France 61-25 (+36) Germany 67-17 (+50) Sweden 82-3 (+79) Norway 82-3 (+79) Denmark 80-3 (+77) You/GovHandesblatt
9. Gobi manchurian. Deadlier than coronavirus, this dish is why China never made it beyond Arunachal Pradesh when they invaded India. This dish indicates several problems endemic to Indian culinary habits
So let me get this straight. There are 1,408,526,449 people in China, a country that knows nothing as to intrinsic human worth, that will convert organ harvesting into international tourism. And they’d never think of developing a virus that thins herds and wreaks economic havoc?
Is YouTube unsubscribing people from China Uncensored with no notification? Let’s have a look. And maybe @TeamYouTube can explain. Thread of images following. 
#COVIDー19 #Covid_19 #COVID2019 China’s #Coronavirus: A Shocking Update. Did The Virus Originate in the US? Japan, China and Taiwan Reports on the Origin of the Virus  … 
#Philippines - #Filipino police probes 2 #Chinese murder suspects with #China's 'People's Liberation Army' IDs This after a report that the army is validating information that about 2,000-3,000 Chinese soldiers are in the country on an" immersion mission"  …
Based on the official figures, the per capita infection rate of coronavirus is now higher in South Korea, Italy, and Iran than in China. South Korea: 7,041 cases - 1 in 7,300 pop. Italy: 4,636 - 1 in 13,077 pop. Iran: 4,747 - 1 in 17,200 pop. China: 80,651 - 1 in 17,700 pop.
What does America make? What does America produce? What does America manufacture? What is our industry? What exactly do we physically produce? Nothing. That’s why we’re dependent upon China and other countries and people who want to destroy us. And will if we keep this shit up.
China’s government transfers “surplus” Uighur workers from Xinjiang to the rest of China 
This is a MUST!! Most of our drugs are made in China puts our country in a VERY dangerous place. We do not even make aspirin in the US.  …
Picture this: a soldier dies at a treacherous high altitude post on China border by slipping on icy rocks during deployment while answering the nature's call. Amount refused on the ground that at time of death he was answering nature's call, wasn't on duty  …
Coronavirus death toll NIGERIA 0 China: 3070 Italy: 197 Iran: 124 South Korea: 44 US: 15 France: 9 Spain: 8 Japan: 6 Australia: 2 UK: 2 Hong Kong: 2 Iraq: 2 Switzerland: 1 Netherlands: 1 Thailand: 1 Taiwan: 1 San Marino: 1 Philippines: 1 THANK YOU JESUS -
According to the Paris accord, China who emits 35 times the CO2 we do, are allowed to double that by 2030. If we were at zero tomorrow, China would cancel it out by June.
BREAKING[Disturbing Image] A suspected “Be-suicided” case today in #HongKong , just when someone screamed “BLACK COPS” a young man “fell” down from a building. #CCPChina totalitarian suppression continues Please help us #China_is_terrorist 
Since now its not possible to do lives, seems like Hyukjae is currently preparing some dance related contents (most probably) on youtube, so we can look forward to it. Also since China fans can't watch YT, they can look forward to it on other platforms (like bilibili/WB?)
do y'all remember when yuqi had a schedule in China and minnie wanted an update about yuqi and instead of texting "how are you?" minnie's ass texted yuqi "are you still alive?" JDSJJWWJ istgg
If the UK abolished — at huge cost to UK taxpayers — its carbon footprint delivering 1% of global carbon emissions yet China boosted its carbon emissions by 1% — entirely likely as it's building coal-fired power stations rapidly — the C02 NET contribution REDUCTION would be ZERO.
Sun Yingchun is  prof at the Communication Uni of China, case no. 35 of Beijing. He spent 28 days in hospital, 14 days in ICU. He took 600 photos to record this journey. "You'd want to cut your arms off in exchange for a breath".  
He said that he has plans for a youtube account BSXKSLA but since other fans can’t use youtube (like china) he wants to open up a bilibili account too OMFG THIS GUY
Seems like he’s preparing for his own Youtube channel? Wah he even mentioned bilibili (China’s version similar to Youtube)
This needs to be done in a non-racist way... the entire world, including all heads of state and their respective governments need to apply tremendous pressure on the Government of China to end the illegal wildlife trade into China. Will help prevent future viruses as well.
#Dogs and #Cats can't pass on #coronavirus, but can test positive. SO STOP KILLING THEM #CHINA !!! #DogsofTwitter  …
BTS Sophie Turner for Vogue China, July 2019 
#Coronavirus latest: - Number of confirmed cases in Germany spikes overnight to 684. - A second lawmaker in Iran has died after contracting the virus. - China reports decrease in new cases. Follow our live updates: 
China January-February iron ore imports rise on firm demand despite virus disruption  
One of the world’s biggest  CMA CGM, has said shipments from China are returning to normal, even as investors bet against the French group’s solvency - FT  …
coronavirus was rocking china’s world and those niggas can build 5 star hospitals in 6 days, we don’t even have electricity we’re fucked
The Economist: "American bungling has more  with the catastrophic early stages of the Chinese epidemic—when officials minimised risks and punished truth-tellers, thus letting the disease spread…—than with [China's] later co-ordinated…efforts." 
Finally, stormtrooper joined China’s battle against #coronavirus video from 
I stand in full solidarity & respect with my colleagues in #China #Italy #Iran #SouthKorea #Japan #US & elsewhere as they battle #COVID19! Many are our TB doctors & nurses as they step up to fight #coronavirus! We must all do our party & act in unity! @StopTB @WHO @GlobalFund
Coronavirus is spreading uncontrollably in the world as cases  to a halt in Wuhan, China. We will know the exact and "accurate" number in Pakistan once PSL is over and all foreign players are safely back in their countries.
#coronavirus is the best thing that could happen to married men. The wife may not want to travel, doesn’t want to buy anything as they’re made from China, doesn’t want to go to the mall or anywhere, she spends all day with her mouth covered What a salvation for married men!
Imagine the global outrage if the Chinese were to do the same to Africans in China, calling them AIDS/Ebola?
Yeah if there is a recession it is probably because no one can fly anywhere and China stopped exporting all the things we buy. Not because people are working from home and attending meetings in their pajamas.
 the #China threat, #US Marine Corps declares ship-killing missile systems its top priority “A ground-based anti-ship missile capability will provide anti-ship fires from land as part of an integrated naval anti-surface warfare  …
The number of coronavirus cases outside China will increase tenfold every 19 days if no drastic measures are put in place to contain its spread, study says  …
This is a plain fact that some overlook, including @BorisJohnson: "Huawei is not a normal  it is an extension of the Chinese surveillance state."— @StephenHarper. As @SpeakerPelosi has put it, China's promotion of Huawei is "the most insidious form of aggression." 
China's exports fell more than expected in the first two months of the year. That's left a trade deficit of $7.1 billion. 
Digital Album Sales in China February 2020 #10 Outta my head - #MarkTuan <Outta my head> has been 2 times in a row in the top 10! #GOT7 @GOT7Official 
With some 850,000 Taiwanese living and working in China, Taiwan could have been one of the hardest hit countries. As infection rates globally top 100,000 - how did Taiwan keep #coronavirus cases to a  …
This Shia is mocking the fact that Muslim women in China are being abused and being forced to eat pork. Tell me, would anyone who believes in Allah and His messenger say such a thing? 
#flabbergaslighting Give Missy Higgins' Dad a break. He wasn't returning from Iran or China. Returned from USA so wouldn't have suspected #coronavirusaus . He got it in Colorado where the CDC reports only 5 cases. So either Dr Higgins was very unlucky, or...
The Coronavirus outbreak has really changed global travel dynamics in less than 2 months.Who would've thought that Uganda would be issuing travel restrictions on Spain, Italy, Iran, France and China.
Most toilet paper is Made in China. Just sayin.
Uganda’s Ministry of Health has urged people travelling from China, Italy, France, Iran South Korea, Germany, and Spain to Uganda to postpone travel unless necessary. Will be quarantined upon arrival. (This is NOT a travel ban -Ministry of Health official tells me)
Pan Haowen for Vogue China March 2020. Photographed by Estelle Hanania. 
Two distinctive decisions PMB made that saved us from the catastrophic effects of Coronavirus are 1. The creation of NCDC and granting of autonomy to their leadership. 2. Closure of our borders and reductions of imported goods into Nigeria from China. God Bless PMB.
So those who kept insisting the govt ban people travelling from China from entering Ph are wrong about their assumptions. Turns out one person who has #COVIDー19 recently came from Japan. So it  from anywhere now. It makes more sense to just screen everyone.
Great Wall of China, 1907 
These attacks on East Asians make no sense. China is a totalitarian state which locked down an entire city the size of London within days. They ain't spreading coronavirus. It's the white people flying around the place trying to find themselves. Let's beat up white people.
Number of COVID-19 cases per 10M people. It also illustrates how quickly a country has reached a specific level (e.g. 100 cases per 10M). South Korea and Italy have higher per capita cases than China now; trends for Switzerland, Norway, and the Netherlands are alarming. 
The distribution of world’s urban population between the nine nations with the largest urban populations in 2020 and the rest of the world. In 2020, China has a fifth of the world’s urban poulation; India has 11% 
Really don’t understand this insistence from some that Coronavirus is being hyped well beyond what it is, and it’s not really a problem. Don’t think China has basically stopped and Italy has thrown itself into economic disaster for clicks and a laugh.
China vows faster #5G development despite #coronavirus epidemic. Investment in 5G infrastructure is set to reach 17.3 bln USD in 2020  
China will fine-tune its coordination mechanisms to maintain stability in the six key areas to more effectively manage the impact of the virus outbreak and promote sound economic and social development. #economy #COVID19 #coronavirus
Calls from public health officials urging people to prepare -- not panic -- for the coronavirus have taken on added urgency as cases of the virus have started to spike in countries outside China. Here’s what you need to know to protect yourself right now: 
Travelers from Italy, Iran, S.Korea, France, China, Germany, Spain have been advised to postpone non-essential travel to #Uganda. All travelers from these countries incl. Ugandans shall be subjected to a 14-day self-quarantine upon arrival in Uganda - Health minister 
China Hates India's Fast and Sneaky Brahmos Missiles India deploying supersonic missiles on the border has exceeded its own needs for self-defense and poses a serious threat to China’s Tibet n Yunnan  the PLA Daily.  …
The fact that Duterte went undercover for 10 days when it got serious with the #coronavirus, his canine submissiveness towards China and the general  of the authorities will possibly result in a nightmare. But what did he say? "We have it under control!"
People residing in the 7 countries; Italy, Iran, South Korea, France, China, Germany, and Spain should consider postponing non-essential travel to 
#Coronavirus: #Uganda has cancelled all international conferences that were scheduled to take place in the country this month. A travel ban has also been placed on France, Italy, Iran, Spain and China - countries that are mostly affected by #COVID19 
"Friendship at Struggles" as written on boxes. #China is shipping tons of medical aid equipment and a specialized #COVIDー19 team to #Iraq to aid  the virus. End of 2019, Beijing & Baghdad signed a major oil-for-infrastructure financial framework agreement. 
Amazing sea of clouds and blooming flowers at Jiuhua Mountain, a famous scenic spot in east China's Anhui Province. 
Just in: @MinofHealthUG has placed a travel ban on countries that have had an outbreak of the Corona virus in recent weeks including Spain,Italy, Iran, France and China. Foreigners and nationals are urged not to travel to Uganda. #NTVNews 
UK government advice: Orange = "advise against all but essential travel" Red = "advise against all travel" New cases in China = 146 (1 case per 9.31 million people) New cases in Italy = 769 (1 case per 78,648 people) THIS MAKES NO SENSE 
How it all started: China botched its early response to the coronavirus, dating back to the very first patients. The result is a global crisis. 
JUST IN: Uganda’s health minister, in a press conference, says government has placed a travel ban on countries affected by #COVIDー19 . Spain, Italy, Iran, France and China. The  just two days after Govt constituted a #coronavirus working group of doctors
Leave would never have won with a “globalist” agenda. Few voters want to leave the EU in order to be closer to India, Turkey and China. “Globalist” Brexit is simply a myth  Leavers embarrassed by the xenophobia which underpins Brexit.
One of the last of the aristocrats, Wang Fujing Street, Beijing, China in 1957 by Marc Riboud. 
SAPM on overseas Pakistanis @sayedzbukhari is about to launch brand ‘Pakistan’. He also talks about the students stuck in China and how is govt facilitating them, and the funds being approved for the Pakistanis stuck in China.  #CoronaVirusUpdate
Taehyung ranked #1 in Daily rankings for the Aiman index china 
NYT: In the coronavirus's early days, China cricitized countries that restricted travel. Now China is doing the same, undercutting its own diplomatic efforts to win sympathy by imposing travel restrictions it once called unnecessary. 
New York has the Mafia China has the Triads Sicily has La Cosa Nostra Japan has the Yakuza Scotland has The SNP All of the above are crime organisations.
NE China's Jilin province has released rare footage of wild Manchurian tigers captured by infrared cameras this year. #wildlife 
“Now China is [...] imposing travel restrictions that *it once called unnecessary*. They include 14 days of quarantine for travelers from Italy, Iran, South Korea and Japan [...]. ‘They have a toolbox that only seems to have a hammer’.”  …
This is perfectly normal. Just China things. 
Of course, India is a democracy; it’s neither China nor Saudi. That’s exactly what I said.  was on your naive understanding, according to which democratic values matter more in foreign policy. No, they don’t. Partnerships in international relations are symbiotic. Logic.
#Wuhan  out of its darkest moment, #China's CDC chief epidemiologist Zeng Guang said on  on the fight against #COVID19. Some countries may have just started to enter their darkest moments, which will take quite long period to get through, he 
China censors report about how authorities hid coronavirus genome sequence test results for 14 days — Samples were sent to labs for testing in December 2019. The authorities banned all the labs from sharing and releasing their test results in early January  …
Dr. Bruce Aylward, leader of the WHO team to China: I didn't see anything that suggested manipulation of numbers (in China). Back of the envelope, it's hundreds of thousands of people in China that did not get Covid-19 because of this aggressive response.  
Sharing information, donating medical supplies, China shares experience in containing the #coronavirus epidemic with the European 
There’s a reason why China had to build new hospitals in six days now ask if the U.S. is ready to do the same
This government is the oppressor of my people in China. it makes me feel sick and insulated to see Xi‘s face as representative of my culture.  …
As China appears to turn corner on coronavirus epidemic, the country confronts the psychological toll of its war to contain the outbreak 
Parents said China was lovely. 
Just $13 to Fly Across #China as #Airlines Struggle to Fill Seats  
China keeps consuming FX reserves to offset rising foreign currency maturities. FX reserves fell to $3.1067 trillion in February, vs $3.1155 trillion in the previous month, expected $3.109 trillion, 30% below peak. 
China January-February exports tumble, imports slow as coronavirus batters trade and business  
But what if all the toilet paper is made in China in factories in Wuhan?
"The World Owes Us Gratitude" cartoon to satirize Red China Propaganda by Rebel Pepper for @RadioFreeAsia. #COVID19 #WuhanVirus #CoronaVirus  …
1st pic: Original 2nd pic: Made in China 
Looks like a Star Wars movie but no these are stormtroopers in #China to disinfect the streets against the #coronavirus. Soon in your 
I’m Italian, and I thought taking part in the conversation might help, as I see many doubting the truthfulness of  from China. My country is very transparent in terms of numbers and consistent with updates. This is an update released at 6pm of 6th March GMT
The OST news got many interactions! Here +100k likes, It happens rarely & under news of many idols of different grps (which gather then maximum fans) They also started donations for the OST, the ss is someone who donate 1500$& her motive was touching Thx U China, The Best 
Rare to see! More than 100 Sichuan golden snub-nosed monkeys are playing and foraging for food in southwest China  
The $22.7bn Loan: Here are the institutions the loan is being requested from: • Exim Bank of China ($17bn) • World Bank ($2.95bn) • Africa Development Bank ($1.88bn) • Islamic Development Bank ($110m) • Japan International Cooperation Agency ($200m)
The head of Iran's Revolutionary Guards has today claimed that the coronavirus outbreak could be a biological attack by the United States against China and Iran.  …
[03/06] #Taehyung in TaeTaeland - China ranks #1 on Aiman Index Korean Celebrity ranks #16 & is the ONLY korean celebrity on Aiman Index for All Artists trends #1 on China NetEase Cloud Music Hot Search kth Sings Itaewon Class trends several hours on weibo #6 
I think now we have proved that China is a superpower. America is just living in history. If China sneezes, the whole world catches a cold.
Lessons from China Make sure the public know the symptoms. Make sure mechanisms can respond at maximum speed. Focus public health infrastructure on investigating cases, identifying close contacts, + ensuring they remain under surveillance.  …
Some much needed, corrective Corona-facts. Including: risk to children extremely low. Has now be contained in many places in China. You have to face someone for 15 mins to catch without contact. Coronavirus: nine reasons to be reassured  …
BREAKING NEWS: Imperial Stormtroopers have been deployed in mainland China to fight against the #Wuhan #Coronavirus. The dark side of the force is strong with 
I’m told the faceoff video between Weili and Joanna has done more then 33 million views on social media platforms in China. Massive interest in the champ’s first defense Saturday night.  …
The tit-for-tat expulsion of journalists adds tension to the relationship between China and America 
More than thousand of all terrain firefighting robot are deployed around China to reduce human casualties. 
COULD AMERICA BE NEXT? DO WE HAVE THE SURGE CAPACITY TO HANDLE 100'S OF THOUSANDS OF SUSPECTED #CORONAVIRUS CASES? Look at this huge line of *hundreds* of people trying to get seen at a hospital in Shanghai. Is it really getting better in China?  02
How did we arrive at panic buying? Step 1: China quarantined millions of people. Step 1: Governments told people to self isolate for 2-4 weeks if sick. Step 3: Media used this to sell papers. Step 4: Governments said 80% would be infected. Step 5: See step 3. That’s how.
China ne 2 bade khatarnak virus diye hai 2nd is Corona while Pyar will always remain first.
THIS is NOT "totally prepared" - THIS is a TOTALLY DISASTER ! Actual there are only four countries that have more deaths from #coronavirus than the USA. ( #China, #SouthKorea, #Iran and #Italy) This is not a hoax - it`s a #CoronaOutbreak 
China’s exports plunged 17.2% in the January-February period, marking the sharpest contraction in nearly a year 
Zambia signs an $825 million contract with China Railway to upgrade tracks in the south of the country 
Imagine if we wrote about Pike Place Market the way we write about markets in China and southeast asia. “Americans flock to these fish markets, where vendors regularly throw fish to each other. In footage posted online, a vendor guts a fish in front of curious onlookers...”
Incredible how these two CNN articles, published one day apart, depict a fish market in China and a fish market in the US 
#Coronavirus updates: • Infection cases top 100,000 worldwide • Nearly 3,500 dead • Outbreak in China appears to be slowing Follow the latest:  
BODIES ARE STARTING TO DROP HERE LIKE CHINA AND IRAN. Look familiar? This isn't China — this is New York City. #coronavirus  02 #VoteBlueNoMatterWho
smuggle bricks to china
Is #COVID19 China’s #Chernobyl moment? No, says @jameschau, Goodwill Ambassador, WHO. A  dishonors the people who died in Chernobyl and who continue to suffer today, but also the people who’ve died and are infected in Wuhan and beyond. 
The economic effects of #covid19 #coronavirus around the world  #china #health 
China has long relied on its 30 million-strong army of truck drivers to keep its economy moving. Now, the virus is keeping half of them off the road. 
From turning his battle with cancer into a work of art, to saying farewell to his lover on the great wall of China: 
China's foreign trade of goods fell 11% year on year in the first two months of this year to $592 billion amid disruptions caused by the novel #coronavirus outbreak, official data showed 
The travellers from France, England and China whose samples were collected for analysis have tested negative and they have been discharged - @ProfAkinAbayomi  …
Mark’s solo song Outta My Head is number 10 on China Feb Digital Album Sale Figure, as number 3 of solo singers after Justin Bieber and Taeyeon. #Congratulations @mtuan93 for being on the figure 2 months in row. #마크 #MarkTuan #GOT7 
Changing geo-politics and geo-strategic equations directly impact our National Security. Add to that the epidemics such as the recent Corona Virus outbreak in China and other parts of the  and further makes the International scenario 
Countries in Asia and Europe are reporting rising numbers of cases even as China, where the coronavirus epidemic began, now worries about importing them 
The Mercedes-AMG GT-R in China Blue. A rare, fine colour 4.0 litre Twin-turbocharged V8 577 hp (430 kW) & 700 Nm of torque 0-100 km/h in 3.6 secs; Top Speed is 319 km/h Nurburgring lap time: 7 mins :10.92 secs 
Terrible take, @KingJames. What you gonna do next? Defend China’s authoritarian government?...oh, wait
Xinhua blasts attempts to "smear" China over #Covid-19 as it reiterates Beijing's assertion that the virus may not have originated in the  …
New at my local supermarket: reminders not to crowd at the check-out counter. #coronavirus #China 
China has a better dictator than we do!
2/4 The record for a women’s sporting event is 90,815 in the @FIFAWorldCup between USA & China in 1999. If you’d told me women’s cricket could be on the cusp of this kind of world record, I wouldn’t have believed it!! Come on Melbourne - be a part of history #FillTheMCG
"I am so excited and nervous to see you guys soon!" #BLACKPINK’s #LISA expressed her excitement to her Chinese fans on #SinaWeibo about her first #show in #China #QingChunYouNi, or #YouthWithYou, on Saturday. 
Amazing #Chinese arrogance & duplicity #China's cover up of the outbreak allowed it to spread worldwide & now they demand an apology...... Mainland #Chinese media demands an apology from the rest of the world for the sacrifice #China has made for #coronavirus  …
Latest on novel coronavirus outbreak: • <100,000 cases in 90 countries • Italy's death toll hits 197 • 483 new cases in South Korea • 3 new cases in Afghanistan • 2 fatalities in Florida, US • Iceland declares state of emergency • China's foreign trade plummets 11%
Doctors say that there is the same likelihood of fatality when going to Costco with OJ Simpson vs taking a trip to Wuhan China
It’s difficult to understand why Coronavirus spread so rapidly in China. I guess she didn’t wash her hands after eating the chicken. #SaturdayThoughts  …
Italy death ratio= 4.2% China death ratio= 3.8% Whilst South Korea has proved exceptional in this area with a 0.6% rate, it is worth noting Mike Pompeo also praised Italy's coronavirus response whilst attacking China's.
Message to China from Punjabis. 
[TRENDING] China ready to assist SA with coronavirus  …
With 3 CCP-related cases underway @SFO, Aotearoa-NZ is ahead of Ozon some aspects  foreign interference China is going head to head against US; small states could not pick a better time to defend their interests  @ABCAustralia  …
Ai-yi-yi..! #coronavirus epidemic could cost #China’s migrant workers  RMB800bln ($115bln) in lost wages, says @Gavekal research, noted by @SCMPNews. Money can’t be recouped when business returns to normal, weighs on consumer spending, a key driver of growth.
England has one of the worst hospital beds per 1,000 people ratio – 2.3  to 13 in Japan; 12 in South Korea; eight in Russia and Germany; six in France; 4.5 in Switzerland; 4.3 in China; 4.2 in Scotland, 3.8 in Australia; 3.6 in Italy;2.96 in Ireland; and 2.77 in the US.
The percentage of China's population who caught the coronavirus is 0.005% The percentage of Korea's population who caught the virus is 0.01% The total percentage of Italy's population who caught it is 0.007% But these countries responses are "good" and China is "bad"
Here’s Chuck Schumer on Feb 5 decrying Trump’s ‘from China’ travel ban 
Data show that China's neighbours may be under-reporting the disease 
The U.S. trade deficit narrowed in January as exports fell but imports fell more. The politically sensitive trade gap with China widened. 
Why China loves KFC 
Aerial view of Jifengshan National Forest Park in northwest China's Gansu. 
Okay! This is the point I make to coworkers who are laughing about it. CHINA put everything on hold. That told me everything I needed to know.
Live: China's "point-to-point" service guarantees return of migrant workers to work #COVID19  …
The end of the great wall of China 
How the coronavirus—and $85 billion in debt—ended one of China’s   via @BW
#BackToWork People work in a workshop of Inner Mongolia Eanin Food in Hohhot, capital of N China's Inner Mongolia autonomous region. Hohhot has rolled out measures to  resume production during the fight against the novel #coronavirus outbreak. 
China's foreign exchange reserves came in at $3.1067 trillion at the end of February, official data showed Saturday. 
#FactsTell: There's no need for China to apologize #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Incidentally China registered a pitiful 24 new cases yesterday. SK registered 300 after registering 800 on Tuesday. Italy’s daily rate is peaking. All the exponential people need to stop theorising & look at data. It’s not exponential.  in waves over 4 years.
CoVid-19 cases in the Philippines: Patient 1: 44 y/o male Chinese national from Wuhan, China; 1st CoVid-19 death outside of China. Patient 2: 38 y/o female Chinese national from Wuhan, China; partner or wife of Patient 1; recovered and returned to China.
“I am so excited and nervous to see you guys soon!” #BLACKPINK’s #LISA expressed her exciting mood to her Chinese fans about her first #show #QingChunYouNi in #China on her #SinaWeibo account Saturday. @ygofficialblink 
Another thread that fails to acknowledge that its potency in the summer is drastically reduced. There have been like 10 cases in the whole of Africa and South America.  transmission in Singapore. Despite proximity to China no real numbers in Vietnam, Thailand, etc.  …
I have been saying it for almost a decade.... BRING IT ALL HOME! We are FULLY dependent on China for 1,000’s of things crucial to our national security. From pharmaceuticals, to medical diagnostic devices, to silicon wafers,  chips, to precious metals. THIS  …
Surprise! China Is Using Covid-19 To Strengthen Its Mass Surveillance Of Citizens  …
Substantial achievements made as China steps up #COVID-19 containment efforts  
Nigeria records negative trade balance Inflation is above 12% Border closure and ease of doing business are working We want to be great like China Oil prize is below budget benchmark It is through another economic recession that Nigeria will realize its true greatness
BEIJING, March 7 (Reuters) - About a quarter of China's new confirmed cases and almost all of those outside the epidemic's epicentre in Wuhan originated outside the country on Friday, according to official data.
China ready to assist SA with coronavirus  …
#China is cutting 45.000 ha of rainforest in #Cameroon for  …
I think it really says something that Bhutan got its first case through an American tourist and not a Chinese tourist though China has a much higher caseload. While my sympathies are with the US tourist & I wish him well, the Trump administration needs to get its act together.
Here's the latest death rates for COVID-19 by  from China & South Korea as well as  to the flu. The good news is South Korea is seeing death rates at about half of China. The bad news is those rates are still incredibly  to the flu. 
Japanese director's short film on Nanjing's #COVID19 battle makes a splash in Japan and China  …
How do you call Corona Virus (covid-19) in your local language? Me; Senyiga wa China
these photo... jyp china team and stray kids but I'm not sure if it was yaochen or not (but the hat and jacket style really look like him) MY BABIES 
“where are u from?” “China” Me :  …
China’s exports fall by double digits in January and February as anti-virus controls closed factories, while imports sank by a smaller margin. 
Surprise! China Is Using Covid-19 To Strengthen Its Mass Surveillance Of Citizens | Zero Hedge  …
Mainland China reports 99 new confirmed cases of coronavirus on March 6  
#SARS2019p China Non-Pharmaceutical Interventions (NPS) Study of ~26K lab+ patients in Wuhan: The effective reproductive number dropped from 3.86 (95% credible interval 3.74 to 3.97) before interventions to 0.32 (0.28 to 0.37) post interventions. They work  …
“A lot fewer people would have died.” How China’s bungled early response to the coronavirus epidemic led to a global crisis. Powerful piece by @JNBPage @xinwenfan & @natashakhanhk  … via @WSJ
Changing geo-politics and geo-strategic equations directly impact our National Security. Add to that the epidemics such as the recent Corona Virus outbreak in China which has claimed numerous  and further makes the International scenario  RM
THREAD: #China's #CCP regime is a threat to us all and to the international rules-based order in so many ways Here are three articles I wrote in the past week highlighting different aspects of this threat The first on #Huawei  …
Lobster prices have plummeted to the lowest in at least four year, delivering a potentially "fatal blow" to suppliers already hurting from lost sales to China 
China Hates India's Fast and Sneaky Brahmos Missiles 
“We can receive grants from any source. If we receive it from the government of China, we’re proud to do so” — superintendent of the Coquitlam school district. #bced #coquitlam @TriCityNews @p_gartland #shady  …
Oh, I know. I trust our healthcare system. It’s just disgusting that we *can’t* believe the  from the administration. They learned nothing from China.
New study. Wuhan quarantine delayed #COVIDー19 epidemic by only 3-5 days in China, but reduced global spread by 80%. But further restrictions to affected areas will have modest effects; public health interventions required to mitigate epidemic. #Covid_19  
Tucker: Extortion from China is a real threat! Learn how our Gov’t has sold us out 4 their own personal gain! We make virtually nothing we need to survive+ prosper! China does! China could destroy us on account of it! This is scary stuff! Listen, Learn+RT  …
Thank you, Liz! I  numbers two weeks ago with rates and numbers of cases from China, CDC and WHO to estimate actual cases and the doubling days. My results were very similar had us hitting 1M in early May. The surprise is ppl's disbelief: it's a replay of China.
Coronavirus: Saying aadab sends infected air into the mouth,claims BJPleadr RameshBidhuri.A most bizarre observatn. This virus outbreak has happend in China. They dn't say 'adaab'. BJP has lot of remedies: Cow dung cake Cow urine No adaab Only namaskar  …
By your logic, US shouldn’t be a partner with most of the Islamic states which are authoritarian & oppressive. India is a democracy no matter how much you try to paint it with the same brush as China.Your lopsided & naive understanding of international relations doesn’t alter it.
Death toll due to #coronavirus crosses 3,000 in China, cases surpass 100,000 globally
Framing this as an issue of Black v Asian violence based on a few cherrypicked viral videos misses the point. The racialization of the disease provides opportunities for new markets, advances in securitization  with China for international trade. That’s the source.
Ａstreet performance in China， 1973，by German photographer Volker Hinz，courtesy of World of Photography. 
Daily Updates of COVID-19 in Mainland China. 80651 confirmed, (existing 22177), 502 suspected, 3070 deaths, 55404 recovered, 672458 traced, 26730 observed. 25 new confirmed outside Hubei, (1 in Beijing , 24 imported from other countries), 74 new cases in Hubei. 
I’m not reposting the videos but just a note that colonized people enacting violence against each other is a structurally determined  In the case of coronavirus-inspired attacks, the issue is media and state racialization of the disease and US/China geopolitics
Lego CEO undaunted by virus panic, plans 60% China store growth 
Hookers in China right now be like 
The total number of #COVID19 cases reported from mainland China to date is 80,651 The figure includes 5,489 severe cases and 3,070 people who have died. 
Accuracy of Italian and China’s Coronavirus Stats are down to 15-minute blood test - the same analysis is NOT available in the UK or US because health officials haven’t approve it ... Confirming Italian results are reliable  via @MailOnline
For the second day in a row, only 1 extra official #coronavirus case in all of #China (if you exclude #Hubei’s #Wuhan city and overseas arrivals). Today 74 new infections in #Wuhan and 24 new infections from overseas arrivals. #covid19
High control government. Erodes trust. China style. Knowledge is not important. How government looks is important. Controlling the message is important. Bow to the king.  …
“No other nation can or should seek to replicate China’s actions. The disregard that the government now demonstrates for the civil liberties and rights of its citizens is inseparable from the policies and actions that contributed to the outbreak.” 
What Tucker doesn’t mention here is China owns most of the natural resources in Africa that hold the ingredients for many of these vital medications. BRING OUR MANUFACTURING HOME @realDonaldTrump #CONVID19 #CoronavirusUSA #COVIDー19  …
The #wuhancoronavirus is the CCP’s fault. it is responsible for EVERY single death. #china  …
All about expectations! Jan-Feb exports -17.2% y/y (v. est -14.0%, Dec +7.9%) but imports -4.0% (v. est -15.0%, Dec +16.5%). #China posted trade deficit $7.1bln (v. est $24.6bln surplus). Big drop but China says impact on imports not yet significant. 1st time   …
China's January-February soybean imports rise 14% year-on-year as more U.S. cargoes arrive  
A man in his 30s is being tested at Tygerberg Hospital hospital in Cape Town. He presented himself to the hospital for testing after exhibiting signs associated with the #CoronavirusInSA. The man from Parow had travelled to China in the last three weeks. #sabcnews
I just heard @TuckerCarlson say that China created the #coronavirus to take out the United States. This type of rhetoric is destructive, divisive, and fuels anti-immigrant and anti-Chinese/Asian American sentiment. Fox News is harming people.
Africans being trained by #China. Wearing the #CCPChina arm band, counting in Mandarin. Netizens: #ChinaCommunistParty is not in #Africa just for business, they want to dominate & control the nations. #Chinazi is no joke... 
Oh, I see were having the "how do i directly support animators?" discussion again. Did you know you can support specific animators such as China, Tatsuya Miki and Itsuki Tsuchigami via Pixiv Fanbox? Well Its true! It's a direct way to support your favourite artist AND it's easy!
Bodhidharma, the legendary founder of Chan/Zen Buddhism in China, is said to have been sitting inside a cave near the Shaolin temple for 9 years, doing nothing but gazing at the wall -- his way of practicing meditation. To him, the self-imposed solitude is a path to awakening. 
Watching replay of your earlier show @TuckerCarlson. Reason all antibiotics made in China same as other mfg...greed. I've watched more & more manufacturing move offshore my entire career  saved labor $'s to increase earnings & stock value.
Let’s take a moment to respect China 
Hopefully this thread is somewhat informative and helps to calm people down. COVID-19 is serious but it's treatable & it's being successfully treated in China  TCM & Western Med.  …
#ChinaVirus — just one random dystopian  seen in #China these days. #Coronavirus #中国肺炎 #2019nCoV #武汉肺炎 
Which Asians? Can you tell them apart? The person being discriminated against is Vietnamese. You're racist against everyone from China, Japan, Korea, Laos, Tibet, Mongolia, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Cambodia, Vietnam, the Philippines, etc. Be better.
"China has indeed shown tremendous resilience" in fight against #COVID19, says Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades, adding that  including Cyprus, highly appreciates China's openness & transparency in sharing information @AnastasiadesCY  
China quarantined entire cities months ago to stop it from spreading. We...don't even have any testing capabilities in most cities.
WATCH: @RichardEngel says he is "skeptical" about China's reports of decreasing coronavirus cases. "They handled this in the begining with a great deal of secrecy in China. They forced the inital whistleblower doctor to recant." 
The Department of Homeland Security says that hundreds of Chinese nationals have attempted to illegally enter the United States through the southern border since the outbreak of the coronavirus in China. 
Behold, the real Shaolin #Kungfu at Shaolin Temple in central China's Henan. 
Yeah! The only bullying around here is gonna be done by China. More  from this Trudeau government further kowtowing to China over our closest ally, the US  …
China's outbreak has its own authoritarianism problems. But for US, the lessons learned from this one-month tragic "preview" should be transparency, accountability, and professionalism. So far Trump administration seems to be allergic to all three concepts  …
This is by design. They pull out of Canada. They crush is in everyway possible hoping to quickly force is into a "Venezuelan-like" scenario. They want us to cry and beg for help from China, Iran, Saudi Arabia, and the U.N. Our country will be sold to them! Not good  …
"My dog ate my homework" — Secretary of State Mike Pompeo says initial lack of information from China about coronavirus "put us behind the curve"  …
China builds a Super Hospital in 9 days. America buys an Econolodge and paints over the sign. Stay classy!
[TRANS] “I’m about to meet all of you (on screen)~ I’m nervously looking forward to it! Please take care of me Please look forward to my first show in China!” chae1isa #블랙핑크 #BLACKPINK #리사 #LISA #LALISA
Check the latest #XinhuaSpecial to see China's unprecedented moves to contain the #COVID19 epidemic and the country's intensifying efforts to recover the 
China's exports fell more than expected in the first two months of the year. That's left a trade deficit of $7.1 billion. 
US announced lowering tariffs on imported medical gloves from China to 0% from 15% at the peak of Trade War. Unexpected effects of #coronavirus outbreak.  …
LRT: Their Story, Chinese lesbian  is being published in book form in China! This is really exciting; I hope  to print in English too. 
This one time at hypocrisy camp. Ivanka Trump received over 10 trade marks from China as her father, the President, was heavily discussing trade deals & restrictions. Why isn't any Republican concerned of this? Why isn't media camped anywhere close demanding answers?
China was closed since last 2 months. No payments were done to china in last 1.5 month. Now its opening, every importer will send good amount there USD shud touch 75 by the end of next week
#IndiaRejectsUN US had quit biased UNHRC way back in 2018. This is the same left leaning UNHRC that  up with trash reports on Kashmir. We Indians are 1.3 Billion, a world in ourselves. Does US care about what the world thinks of its gun violence ? Do Russia & China care ? 
Belated HBD to Luo Huan This is the footage of her practicing on beam for the first time after an one month long home quarantine. At the moment the situation in China is getting better and some gymnasts are able to get back to training. 
We are told that on line bullying and gender reassignment, the list is endless, are the problems we need to address. Meanwhile China is manufacturing so much of what we depend on. You name the sector. Now that's a real problem. They could really hurt us. Don't see it?
6. Xenophobia on steroids. In China, it's not just ppl in Wuhan/Hubei who are discriminated against. Ppl in other cities have been sent to quarantine just because they were born in Hubei/Wuhan...
Biden is going spend over a trillion dollars to make AOC's  true to make the U.S. a third world country via the New Green Deal. Joe doesn't tell how he will hold China accountable. War? AOC says climate change is her WWII. 
People suffer when they break the law of God. God did  to eat meat. One should not kill animals for the taste of tongue #GodMorningSaturday China Sanders Nazi Things yoongi Absolute Daddy iraq switch China #COVIDー19 
Looks like there's a main herbal formula being used in China for COVID-19 Qing Fei Jie Du Tang. It's being used in the States as well but it must be prescribed by a  
Data visualized: As of March 6, the #COVID19 infections reached 17,481 in over 90 countries and regions outside China. Check out the video to know how COVID-19 spread over time. 
The fact that China stopped their economy in it's tracks tells you all you need to know. Forget the thousands of mobile crematoriums, and forget the mass graves, and forget they were welding people into their apartment buildings. This thing is the real deal
In China When you die in hospital from corona virus but also born in that same hospital #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak 
5. Fake news and alternative medication. This has been going on for a while. In China there's government-endorsed Chinese medicine (very little clinical evidence), and the US shines with Mike Pence's prayers.  …
lrt can we have more ink wash animation (水墨动画) from china BLS LOOK AT THESE... ( links to the 3 classic ones. <30 min each. Please watch them; they're such beautiful and melancholy stories)  …  …  
Did you know that 95% of our life saving antibiotics are made in China? That is a real problem, and we need to solve it NOW.
China’s Exports Slump as Virus Shutdown Slashes Trade, Demand 
China took action. As did Taiwan, Singapore, South Korea, and Italy. And action works. US President has rejected action and instead chosen surrender...and national suicide.
It's "normal" in the top-ranked nations with the highest standards of living. China is nowhere near the top.
This is the second seizure of live Pangolin in Varanasi in last two years. The demand of animal has not gone down it seems. It is said that Corona virus came from pangolin meats illegally traded in China. PC: @MKojalagi and Net 
If this equation were valid we would already see millions of cases in China instead of 80,000
"least 15 deaths have been reported..//..Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have reported at least 164 confirmed cases, while news reports say cases have surged close to 300" -feels like China's early numbers were a lot more reliable than US ones. 
2. Hospital overcapacity. A massive outbreak can strain local medical system. Do u know in China, Wuhan has the second-most medical professionals per 1000 ppl, and the most top tier hospital per 10000 ppl? And w/o sufficient intensive care, coronavirus is far deadlier 
[Lisa Weibo Chinese Caption Rough Trans] I will be meeting everyone soon~ I am excited and also nervous! Please take care of yourselves [Love you] Let's wait together for my debut in China!  …
Popular science article: Madame Figaro Magazine, is the most popular fam mag in France since 1980, it is also top fashion mag in China. Madame Figaro Mode is sub for youth readers. Mark will be on Apr issue cover. It’s great recognition for his potential and fashionable 
Congo will quarantine travelers arriving from Italy, France, China and Germany, the health minister said 
Somebody just told me that Corona virus emerged in China because they eat non-vegetarian food. I told them that the Chinese also eat RICE. A lot of  silence
The Virus originated in China, and millions were quarantined, which was unheard of and shocking. Manufacturing shut down, media blackouts, etc. We had no choice to assume that something truly awful was going on.
really seems suspect, totally agree....china not co-operating,  trying to produce panic, many state leaders trying to politicize, every thing is being done to create NO BIG VOTER TURN-OUT n november, virus is being used by the swamp to scare as a political weapon
This is how China's bookstores are responding to the coronavirus threat  #covid19 
BEFORE THE @WHO declared #Coronavirus a Health Emergency Before PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump Suspended all Flights in and Out of China ( in February) BEFORE PEOPLE STARTED HOARDING SUPPLIES GARY THE NUMBERS GUY WAS THE ONLY PERSON TELLING U HOW DANGEROUS #Coronavirus 
200307 | Lisa Weibo update [ENG TRANS by @lisamygem] I’m about to meet everyone~ I’m both excited and nervous! Everyone please take good care of me Anticipate my debut in China together!  … #리사 #LISA #LALISA 
That R0 value is for wide scale closures  like China. Without closures, R0 value rises from 2.2-2.7 to 4.4-6.7. Italy is at 10% for icu CFR is 3.4-almost 6% currently 
Wondering how on earth I ended up in a position to have left China in an attempt to dodge the worst of the outbreak, only to face the possibility I might end up doing the same by *returning* to China.
China ready to assist SA with coronavirus  …
Q: Who voted for two of the most devestating trade deals ever, NAFTA and PNTR with China, and also promoted TPP? A: Joe Biden  …
#COVIDー19 | Following the outbreak of coronavirus in China, many foreign countries have started showing interests in providing job orders to Indian industries.  …
[TRANS] I’m about to meet everyone~ I’m both excited and nervous! Everyone please take care of me (no exact translation for this) Anticipate my first show in China together!
One of my China studies professors, who is American, said that U.S. journalists interview him but are disappointed that he talks about how China has brought a lot of people out of poverty, rather than talking about human rights or subject that are more "headline grabbing."
TOH CHINA RELEASE IS THE REAL REASON BEHIND CORONA EPIDEMIC IN CHINA Aamir China stardom is real  …
I doubt they care. China’s goal would be to oust Trump and elect Biden. If they have to sacrifice their own economy in the short-term to hurt Trump’s 2020 chances they will. They can wait a year. Either way it won’t work.  …
[Trans] I’m about to meet all of you (on screen)~ I’m nervously looking forward to it! Please take care of me Please look forward to my forst show in China!  …
US Holocaust Museum Labels China’s Persecution of Uyghurs in Xinjiang ‘Crimes Against Humanity’  …
#BREAKING China exports plunge 17.2% in January-February on virus hit: govt 
As a critical care specialist in SoCal I have been running these numbers too and am worried about the implications. OTOH it looks like exponential growth slowed or halted in China South Korea and Japan with aggressive response which gives me hope. Next 4 weeks critical.
15-minute coronavirus blood test is being used in China, Italy and Japan but NOT in the UK or US 
If about 45% of the US population takes medication on a daily basis (NPR), and 80% of these meds are manufactured in China (ABC news), then why the phuck dont i hear Trump throwing one of his made-in-America/outsourcing temper-tantrums at Big Pharma ...??!!!!
Once again, China tried controlling their population and instead, lost control of the coronavirus and allowed it to spread worldwide.
China sends chartered flight to Iran to bring its citizens home amid #COVID19 
Breaking: China's exports fell 17.2% in Jan-Feb period, imports down 4% on coronavirus impact. Had expected worse, but guess January must have been pretty strong until virus kicked in. Our story:  …
. @realDonaldTrump read the fortune cookie. Support him for our survival Tucker: Extortion from China is the real threat #WalkAway from #Democrats that sold out our country #fboLoud #tcot #maga #AmericaFirst #Patriot #Trump2020 
I need someone from CHINA to bite my baby daddy ?
THIS THIS THIS all of this thread. This is exactly what I've been saying. Do the math. They weren't carrying patients in Korea around in sealed tube stretcher-thingies for no reason. They didn't lock down half the population of China for no reason.  …
JUST IN: #China's #exports in USD terms down 17.2% y/y in Jan-Feb #Imports down 4% y/y Trade deficit at $7.07 billion, vs $41.45 billion surplus a year earlier.
unclear what specifics of how much these people will make, assuming varies by region and includes some average other deets in memo include pausing internal transfers and hires in some locations especially at risk (Japan, Italy, South Korea, China)
Love & Support @JIMINBAR_CHINA 
Today Plant◆Camellia◆Japanese Camellia◆Camellia is a beautiful flower, known as Rose of winter & native of  in hybrid variety & can easily grow in containers. Camellia  in various colors & needs broken shade light, acidic soil & humid environment. 
China’s $62 billion corridor in Pakistan has been beset by delays and a lack of funding (via 
China has free healthcare for everyone, moron.  …
Prepare for the worst, hope for the best For state/hospital officials & families, prepare for the worst-case scenario of 6+% CFR at the start of 1st wave For those contracted COVID19, be confident and patient: visualizing being the 99.7-99.3% who recovered (in China ex Wuhan)
Medical journal @TheLancet questioned in its latest editorial whether other countries outside #China are acting "too little, too late?" amid the #COVID19 outbreak, and highlighted that there are lessons others can learn from #China's experiences that have not been learned. 
The number of endangered wildlife in China is steadily rising. Here are some rare footage of wild animals in SW China's Sichuan. Can you recognize any? 
China has been deal with this for two months. Why are they only at 80k or so infected, why haven’t they continue to double every 6 days?
New Evidence Shows Coronavirus Started In The US, Not China via The Last American Vagabond:  to The Daily Wrap Up, a concise show dedicated to bringing you the most relevant independent news, as we see it, from the last ... 
Please, everyone, look up the WHO report with results of their trip to China. Detailed, critical information, with a death toll over 3%. It gives detailed info on transmission, rates, and populations that are hardest hit. Also talks medical management.
China's coronavirus recovery is 'all fake,' whistleblowers and residents claim  …
I fear that all the takes about how democracies are much better at dealing with epidemics than authoritarian countries like China might soon look extremely wrong.
Whether you are a Fox News fan or not, Tucker Carlson’s opening monologue is spot on. It’s time to make our own pharmaceuticals in the USA. Being dependent on Communist China for our healthcare is irresponsible and flat out dangerous.
Timothée Chalamet - Dazed China March 2020 STUSSY - New York Store Exclusive Hooded Jacket MARTINE ROSE - Detachable Sleeves Track Jacket $1245 CELINE - Aiguise Necklace $530 PLATT BOUTIQUE JEWELRY - Vintage Cross Necklace VITA FEDE - Marianne Necklace $150 
US was partner to China for 40 yrs despite China being China - right up until Obama's G2 proposal 2010. US has also been, severally, partners to Pinochet, Saudis, Sandinistas. But Indian partnership is a constant test of un-China exams - thankfully only per "w/o skin" types...  …
There's no  in China, all are serving CCP, more accurately, without relationship with CCP officers, people almost impossible to do big business in China, due to its bribery and corruption traditions 
#China's FX reserves fell to $3.1067 trillion in Feb, vs $3.1155 trillion in the previous month, expected $3.109 trillion
I’m gonna be honest, I’ve been feeling quite mad to watch how this played out in real time in China, knowing how much effort went in to containment & now it’s here... and ... nothing? State by state? No restricted travel from certain states like GUYS
Starting from Midnight on March 9, the Japanese government requires all travelers including Japanese Nationals from #China and #SouthKorea self-quarantine at home or hotels for 14 days. 
China on Saturday reported 24 new imported cases of #COVID19 during the previous day: —17 from Iran to Gansu, —3 from Italy to Beijing, —3 from Iran to Shanghai, —1 from Spain to Guangdong, bringing the total number of imported infections to 
Tucker Carlson on the coronavirus pandemic It will reorder the global economy and change our politics. China has taken over our health care system and holds power over the pharmaceutical market. 95% of penicillin is made in China. We MUST Make America 1ST  …
This mutation appears to have happened very early on in the outbreak while the virus was still in Wuhan, China. Viruses with "L" and viruses with "S" have spread from Wuhan to the rest of the world. Visible at  …. 
Full statement: Director of US Holocaust Museum’s Center for Genocide Prevention: ‘There are reasonable grounds to believe that China is responsible for crimes against humanity’ in its persecution & mass detention of Uighurs & other Muslims in Xinjiang.  …
Mainland China reports 99 new confirmed cases of coronavirus on March 6  
The threat from China is real, The FBI is investigating more than 1,000 cases of Chinese theft of US technology 
Did Pope Francis just encourage  regime in China? 
Migrant workers, the Achilles’ heel of China’s economic growth story, are being hit hard by coronavirus-related shutdowns that  on top of other challenges 
Spring  and we can all make it through. People in NE China put corn on a tree branch to feed birds. 
#Coronavirus may soon not be the only thing with a corona China is known for as the country begins to ramp up production of sunlight harvesting solar panels. 
Fun #coronavirus fact . Fatality rate in Italy 50% higher than China & 200% higher than Korea. But no travel ban ?
The founder of Beijing News, one of China’s most independent papers, is expelled from the CCP. Dai headed 新京报 until his ouster in 2017, prompting a wave of journalists to leave  …
How the outbreak began: Researchers first identified the mystery illness in late December in Wuhan, China. From there, the virus spread all in a matter of weeks. Bob Woodruff & Ian Pannell have been covering the story in China from the beginning. #ABC2020  
Bummer.. I had a bunch of family flying in to see you all the way from Wuhan, China. Maybe next time! God bless.
@OurWorldInData has  of alarming and reassuring figures: doubling time including China is 21 days (vs your 6); doubling time outside of China is 4 days (YIKES).
China’s government expels three WSJ reporters. Two weeks later, one of its newspapers reprints a WSJ profile of a doctor fighting the coronavirus in Wuhan Here’s the link if you want to read the story in English:  
Holi colours mostly from China contain harmful chemicals .They harm skin and also can cause many more diseases so why not #CelebrateHoliInVedicStyle as told by Sant Shri Asharamji  …
The novel coronavirus has killed more than 3,400 people, and infected over 101,900, according to Johns Hopkins University — the vast majority in mainland China. Follow the latest updates: 
After a dog tested positive for weak amounts of the novel strain of coronavirus, officials in China have warned pet owners not to kiss their pets 
No President has acted quicker to protect Americans: 12/30/2019 #CoronaVirus identified in China, and named on 1/7/2020. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump declares public health emergency and issues quarantine orders 1/31/2020. Travel ban from China for non-US citizens 2/2/2020. 
China's 80s style. See more photos here:  
Getting all our antibiotics from China makes about us much sense as getting all our oil from Iran... Our great President fixed the oil problem now it's time to fix this. cc: @POTUS
Propaganda picks up as China recovers: Wuhan party secretary announced Thurs city will roll out "citywide thankfulness education" so citizens "thank the General Secretary (Xi), thank the party...produce powerful positive energy." Commenter: shouldn't we thank medics first? 
Two years ago I warned all about China. Obama was wrong and he got businesses to  with #China. Now China could possibly harm our economy.  
Testing is ramping up now, but much like China, we will probably never know real numbers. The current numbers are an absolute joke. But we are so far behind the curve now that there will be a lot of undetected cases, not including the ones who aren’t sick enough to get checked.
As Tucker said, the Corona Flu has proved @realDonaldTrump right on: • globalism • trade • American manufacturing Who will lead rebuilding  to American independence and separation from China?
Yes! @SecPompeo was absolutely right to call out #China's highly secretive and irresponsible behavior. It's great that American officials are no longer afraid of taking on  #COVID19 #CoronaOutbreak #Dobbs  …
Yesss, Tucker Carlson! Past "leaders" sold our country out to China (among many others) and allowed our healthcare system to  reliant on  country that wants to destroy the USA 
DITTO! Tonight's TUCKER monologue = required viewing. China had us; almost. Time to bring it all home or suffer their will, and not ours. Grateful for 45 and his hard-working circle.
It's beginning to feel like posting China's new #Covid19 numbers doesn't make a lot of sense, given how much spread there is in so many other places. However, I'll do it today. 99 new cases, 28 deaths. 80561 total cases, 3070 deaths, 55404 
So far the best news from this is we are bringing critical manufacturing back to our own country. I don't think many realized, myself included, how easily and quickly China could have ended the US without firing a shot. Scare event necessary
'Do we really want to close schools? “If kids are not getting infected and they’re not getting sick, then the last thing you want to do is shut down a school," said Osterholm, citing data that only 2.1% of China coronavirus cases were among those under 20.  …
Iran has had over 1'500 new cases today alone. Yesterday, Italy had almost 1'000 new cases. Outside of China, the double time is 4 days. To put that into perspective, 500 people on day 1, turns into 1 million people on day 30.
. @TuckerCarlson show is on target tonight. China, Manufacturing, Pharmaceutical, Assange... Just gotta read between the lines. The Q post with 'Scare  to mind #QownyaVirus.
Let’s blame China while #coronavirus spread unchecked inside US where CDC intentionally put strict limit on testing for  …
At Detroit rally, @BernieSanders says that NAFTA & PNTR w/China cost MI 150k jobs, PA 160k, and 100k jobs in WI. "If we are going to defeat Trump in Michigan, in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin it will be very hard for a candidate who voted for these disastrous trade agreements."
Something to Ponder... We know the Coronavirus is very dangerous to older people especially those who may have other health issues. Most older people have some kind of health issues. What is the age of our President & many in our Government? Did China just attack us?
Uhhhhhh. . . Is there any real mystery that the Bubonic plague and most of the devastating viruses  from China??  …
It’s really hard to say this early. The supposed decline of new cases in China  Italy is scary. Seattle is scary. South Korea is terrifying. It could  under control by June, or we could be in middle of a global disaster.
ChiComs are trying to bury the history that  from China & escape the potential lawsuits filed by victims all over the world. Don’t let them. Call it Made-In-China X I V I R U S !!  …
I honestly cannot believe how much access previous administrations gave to China.: Trump Orders Chinese Firm to Divest From US Hotel Software Company, Citing Security Concerns  …
Trump could still own stock in  that, according to the CDC, will play a major role in providing test kits. Also, China held a state dinner for Trump in 2017 where Thermo Fisher Scientific, maker of coronavirus tests was in attendance.  …
Health workers in CA have begun using expired N95 masks due to shortages. Trump has known about COVID19 in China since January. Why is the administration so woefully ill-prepared to furnish even basic supplies? #wtpEBRC #wtp2020 ⁦  …
China locked down entire parts of its country and lost trillions maybe in GDP because of Wuhan virus. They didn’t risk their entire economy because of a few Facebook posts.  …
Interesting that Australia has banned travel from China, Iran and South Korea but not Italy, which at this point has had more #covid19 deaths (197) than Iran (124) and Sth K  I hate expressing lost lives as numbers, but idk how else to say this.
Breaking - #China added 103 new #COVID19 cases, bringing the total number of cases to 80813. The country added 28 new deaths, bringing the total number of deaths to 3073. It also added 99 new suspected cases, bringing the total number of cases to 
This would have been unthinkable not long ago. China must be weighing on Vietnam's mind heavily indeed cc @thespybrief @JarBomb @LouiseMensch  …
About time I buy a physical copy of BIG TROUBLE IN LITTLE CHINA (1986) 
I honestly haven’t even thought about the rest of the ramifications — the public health ones are enough. This is exactly what China did in the beginning, and the reason we have a global pandemic now. People are going to die because Trump doesn’t want to admit it’s bad here.
LIE! LIE! LIE! By the way Gorilla Tits, you have an Ambassador in China!! His name is Terry Branstad!! Know him? Wonder how he's doin'? Why don't you GO TO CHINA & FIND OUT? Just cough into your sleeve & don't touch your face while you're gone....piece of cake!!  …
6/ Multiple studies have shown CT scans have 97% sensitivity! This means if your CT scan is negative, your chance that have COVID19 is exceedingly low. This is why China doesn’t even swab you if your chest CT is negative.  …  …
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo switches #COVID19 name to Wuhan virus while China foreign ministry’s spokesperson says ”The epidemic is a global challenge. It has not been established conclusively that the virus originated in China.”  …
“China did this to America!” For fuck’s sake FOX is horrible! I can’t wait for Trump to be out of the WH, and FOX to go bankrupt! 
Greenhouse gas emissions in China are down 25% in recent weeks as the country conducted a massive societal intervention to stop the spread of the #coronavirus. Air pollution is also down, due to decreased driving & less coal  …
. @nedryun The #CoronaVirus shows us how dangerously dependent we are on the Communist China regime. 
“Over 95% of our Antibiotics are made in #China—last year Chinese politburo suggested cutting off our antibiotics as #TradeWar leverage.” @TuckerCarlson Excellent monologues!Perspicacious, poignant, pressing anti-globalist #AmericaFirst #MAGA2020Landslide 
China reports 28 new virus deaths, rise in new cases outside epicentre: AFP news agency #Coronavirus
Taiwan has been doing good in their control of the viruses (44 case) with no fatalities even when they are close by proximity to China (81 miles too).
The WHO sent 25 international experts to China and here are their main findings after 9 days. This is extremely useful data and information for everyone to read.  …
#TopStory: Darren will not be travelling to China due to COVID-19 global health crisis READ HERE: 
Thanks @TuckerCarlson for the great monologue on The #China Threat! China is the worst threat against the #USA & after your monologue, I realize it’s even worse! #America must  self reliant again & ONLY @realDonaldTrump will/can do it. #Dems Love China! #Tucker @FoxNews
Patriots. China is the biggest existential threat to America. It controls our healthcare system. We need to manufacture the drugs and technology that we need. Exclusive: China's silence caused dangerous global coronavirus spread, says Gordon Chang  …
Trump said he closed the borders with China. Here is his detailed plan. And China will pay for it. 
China claims the first coronavirus vaccines could be in 'clinical use' next month 
“I have closed down the borders with China.” ~ Donald Trump
Only 13 economies have grown 7% annually for 25 years: Botswana Brazil China HK Indonesia Japan S. Korea Malaysia Malta Oman Singapore Taiwan Thailand 
I JUST REALIZED! I'VE BEEN SAYING THAT THE DEMOCRAT PARTY IS OUR WORST ENEMY! NOW I'VE SAID, CHINA IS OUR WORST ENEMY! CAN WE CONFIRM, THEY'VE JOINED FORCES?
• 1990 Kashmiri Hindu Genocide UN keeps Quiet! • Hindus being Converted In Pak UN keeps Quite! • Detention Camps in China UN keeps Quite! • Baloch brutal Genocides UN keeps Quite! • Terrorists take in Libya UN keeps Quite! CAA India INTERNAL Matter so #IndiaRejectsUN
How quickly could we ramp up production of new masks? Not very fast at all. The vast majority are manufactured overseas, almost all in China. Even when manufactured here in US, the raw materials are predominantly from overseas... again, predominantly from China. 17/n
For security measures, none of the concerts will be held and will not be rescheduled in the countries of Malaysia, Japan, China, France, United States, Canada, Mexico and Latin America, all tour dates will be canceled. Thanks for your understanding. #SS8 #SUPERSHOW8 
More than 1 lakh Indian websites hacked in last five years, led by China and Pakistan  …
China censors report about how authorities hid coronavirus genome sequence test results for 14 days  … #China #coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #Covid19@oiwan
Interesting meeting at work. I work for a Corp that employs 1000's+, is global, AU, Europe, China, S. AM, Italy etc. (w/o naming names). During our Mtg, Mgmt stated that not ONE of our employees OR any of their family members had the virus in any of our factorieswide.
nowadays even death made in china.
If the data can be believed, China had only ~150 new coronavirus cases yesterday and only 24 today. If this is true, they are on the mathematical path to stopping the spread 
My mother-in-law (Polly Fei) can't fly back to China because everything is so normal there and I just can't have her...So, I am flying her around the world to give a Chinese perspective on foreign countries for a blog style thread for my followers. 
Total confirmed cases that have recovered from the China virus 55,753. I wonder why the fake media is not publishing this number and instead just the confirmed cases & deaths. One would think letting people know that the virus is not going to automatically kill you is a big deal.
A second hit could  for China’s economy after its initial shock from the coronavirus 
Mainland #China confirmed 99 new cases of #coronavirus on Friday, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 80,651, said the National Health Commission. The death toll from the outbreak rose by 28 to 3,070.
How China botched the coronavirus response: Chinese doctors sounded early alarms, but officials delayed action. 
#NorthKorea notified China that due to the #CoronavirusOutbreak, once they found anyone illegally cross the border, they’ll shoot on sight. Takes one to know one, this shows how well Kim understand PRC, and how bad the outbreak is, in fact. #都係好兄弟最了解支共  …
Chicago COVID-19 presser reveals troubling info: Chicago officials saying that screening at airports determined by feds, who are only screening passengers from China and Iran. Chicago public health dept. is passing info to others (Italy, etc.) but they are not being screened
Opinion: Shh! They found a problematic China facing #coronavirus  …
Yet Another Professor Indicted Over Alleged Secret Ties To China | Zero Hedge  …
“The Chinese government silenced whistle-blowers, withheld crucial information and played down the threat posed by the new coronavirus, allowing an epidemic that has killed thousands to take hold across the country” and now the world:  … China is responsible 
Thank you to everyone who has reached out about SXSW being cancelled. Just breathing and trying to get through this weekend and do my job as an actor promoting "Go Back to China," another film which I love dearly that had its start in Austin.
