“The #CCP is now a regime teetering on the brink. If the will is there, this could be the moment when we could deliver real & lasting change not just to #Taiwan, but to #HongKong, #Macau, #Tibet, #EastTurkistan, & even the people of #China themselves.” - David Spencer  …
Irresponsible finger pointing “journalism” right here. The expulsion of 3 #US correspondents happened the day after #USA govt reclassified 5 of #China’s outlets in US as not real media. It was payback. Note here concept of “China” is like the Borg. Party media covering itself.  …
Given the developments and trends of last few days, it's clear governments need to be working intently w/ hospitals and health care systems to prepare to take care of COVID pts, possibly in high numbers. Based on China’s experience with this disease, that should include: 10/x
Dr John Campbell asserts today that NHS statement claiming UK well-prepared for #COVID19 is "absolute nonsense" "How can we criticize NKorea, #China, #Iran for not telling us the whole truth if the official voice of the UK govt is telling me we're well-prepared.." 
b/c virus is causing both SUPPLY AND DEMAND disruptions, mkt price distortions are occurring i.e. ships unable to pick up cargo in China creates surplus ships in Pacific & shortage in Atlantic. Result: freight rates in Pacific pushed and in Atlantic. This is just 1 example.
Local health departments around the U.S. are scrambling to monitor thousands returning from travel in China and elsewhere for the coronavirus. It means checking in daily by email, phone or text, and in some cases, arranging groceries and isolated housing. 
This coverage is neither free nor responsible and shows everything that’s wrong with #China’s Communist Party controlled media model. The expulsion of 3 #US correspondents happened the day after #USA govt reclassified 5 of #China’s outlets in US as not real media. It was payback.  …
For most part countries still not testing widely  transmission, focusing predominantly on returned travelers from China. So we do not have clear sense where COVID is circulating. Can't say w/ confidence that any given country has  transmission. 4/x
It’s  feasible in most cases. What can be made for $8 in the US can usually be made with better quality for $3 in China. An  fact.  …
Cases are appearing in greater numbers in countries outside China and a number aren't linked to travelers. For example, dramatic increase in cases in Rep of Korea today – 433 cases diagnosed, thousands more getting tested.  … … 2/x
15 trucks of donated food sent to #HubeiProvince from north China's Shanxi amid 
If you’ve seen how busy this intersection normally is in Beijing’s Sanlitunrrrrr area you know how weird this looks now under the #coronavirus crisis in #China.  …
#India, population is about the same as #China, but much younger. Huge! Freedom & Democracy with rule of law. Tremendous science capability & econ growth potential. Jai Ho, @POTUS! @narendramodi @Chellaney @SecPompeo @ISBedu
Don't buy China's story: The coronavirus may have leaked from a lab  … via @nypost
A 24 day incubation rate and China lying about the number infected and dead...it’s just a matter of time. Our saving grace is that an armed populace would never let the government lock us up in apartments to die while denying us that socialized healthcare  promised.
Today's #COVID stats. Despite rise in cases outside of China (mostly Italy & South Korea), both new cases & new deaths are down slightly For 1st time new cases outside of China are more than 1/3 of total, although deaths outside of China are still very rare (just 18 from start) 
This is China's altcoin rankings. Great find by @mishalederman @justinsuntron 
CHINA’S HUBEI REPORTS 630 ADDITIONAL CORONAVIRUS CASES FEB. 22 up from 397 the day before...containment doesn't seem to be working
On Feb. 22, #China's #Hubei Province, the epicenter of the #coronavirus epidemic, reported: - 96 deaths - 630 new confirmed cases - 1,742 people recovered and discharged Total confirmed #COVID19 cases in #Hubei: 64,084 (2,346 
Are we going through this AGAIN!! Russia, China, North Korea etc. are always trying to meddle in our elections for “chaos”, it has VERY little effect if any, but the media is going to push it hard this year because we know how much they’ve loved Trump this past 4 years.
wood heaters, wood stoves, bottled gas for BBQ, motorbikes, camp fires will be banned, if you light one on a freezing cold night the police will arrest you, meanwhile China will continue burning coal, it won't be ours though, coal exports will be banned
The lesson of this week is that "avoiding China" is not a catch all quick fix to tackling the Coronavirus. Are we now going to see a mass boycotting of Pizza Parlors and Italian restaurants throughout the world?
“For at least 10 years, it was revealed in 2012,  was invaded by hackers based in China who stole hundreds of sensitive internal documents from under the noses of its top executives. “  …
Life is too short show me your per china
FACT: ARCHITECT OF GLOBAL WARMING & UN IPCC IS A CRIMINAL FUGATIVE HOLED UP IN CHINA: How the corporate media presents anyone on high is the key to understanding the real character and agenda of whomever’s rectum they bloweth the smoke up :
G-20 leaders are realizing the coronavirus isn’t just a short-term threat to global growth – it’s exposing the vulnerabilities of globalization 
Commentary: World Health Organization should demand more of China 
If China lost 3% of economic growth due to the #coronavirus, here in Italy, the home of well-known workaholics, someone must launch us humanitarian aid from helicopters in a couple of weeks.
This is how China keeps its enormous-but-stressed financial system from crashing  via @BW
#China's central Hubei province had 630 new confirmed cases of #coronavirus infections on Saturday, up from 366 new cases the previous day.  …
Health officials worried by untraceable coronavirus cases outside China  
If Climate change is even real, then its a GLOBAL issue that needs to be tackled GLOBALLY.. which means if Australia rolls out green energy which would significantly DISADVANTAGE our economy. So must the worlds worst polluters INDIA & CHINA. otherwise what are we doing? Sabotage?  …
China - Media: Xianning, Hubei prov, officials order couples to sleep in different beds during #coronavirus lockdown  … h/t Shiloh #COVID19
Silence from Africa on #coronavirus should not reassure, since testing is nonexistent. Countries with substantial people-movement from China include Cote d'Ivoire, DRC, Algeria, Angola, Nigeria, SA, Mauritius, Ghana, Kenya. These are at great risk of amplifying epidemic.
Catch me talking about China & press freedom on @ReliableSources tomorrow morning!  …
QUESTION @TurnbullMalcolm? How can Australia save the planet when China are allowed to increase their carbon emissions until 2030 under the Paris Agreement at a rate faster than what Australia can reduce our emissions? As PM, you failed to bring Beijing to the table.  …
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang told local governments to make sure farmers don’t miss the crucial grain planting season during a critical time for controlling the spread of 
This latest scientific report by a research arm under the China Academy of Sciences made its rounds in Japan and Taiwan media. Among several interesting findings, it concludes that COVID-19 didn't originate from the Huanan Seafood Market in Wuhan.  
URGENT | Death toll from coronavirus in China's Hubei province reaches 2,346, over 64,000 infected  
Fears mounted as cases of the new coronavirus multiplied outside China in places such as Europe, the Middle East and Asia, with pockets of outbreak sparking lockdowns and school closures 
Hubei province, #China reports 630 new #coronavirus cases for  to 366 the previous day.
If Ottawa chooses #China's #Huawei for its #5G network over American objections, we must assume that the US-Canada partnership has, as a practical matter, already ended. #JustinTrudeau  …
Two Democrats have asked the FBI to provide the House Oversight Committee with details on investigations of researchers for ties to China. This is just part of what they're requesting.  
#COVID19 may have a 27-day incubation period:  . Is this bug mutating? How will it change next? Pray for humanity. #China #CoronavirusOutbreak
Social engineering doesn’t work—China and India now have a major shortage of females. That’s due to the abortion of so many females in the womb. You will reap what you sow.
The folks at @ChinaUncensored have put together another excellent video exposing just a portion of the problems the Communist Party of China is facing. Unfortunately, their people are in even worse peril, but that seems to be secondary to the  …
Basically everything the experts and the bureaucrats have done so far has been wrong.  in collusion with WHO are too busy dustin their tracks trying to hide the damn truth! Coronavirus Deaths Outside China Spike As WHO Team Visits Wuhan  …
There are now over 75,000 confirmed cases of coronavirus in China and 25 other countries. Read the latest @CSISHealth and @CSISFreeman analysis:  
Right! As much as I criticize  government - Cerno loves China and the Chinese people. We need China and China needs us, as coronavirus is going to teach us the (very) heard way.  …
So, do you think that the outbreak in China is also originated because of the US sanctions? Did you ever raise the concern about the Iranian regime sending millions of facemasks and hand sanitizers to China? Watch this short documentary to find out about the issue  
I am checking everything I purchase and not buying from China. Who knows what's in it or who handeled it last. Anyone else taking precausion?
#coronavirus in Australia has forced us to ask the question: Has Australia put all our economic eggs in the one basket? If we rely  on China for economic prosperity & something goes wrong, the domino-effect is catastrophic, as we can see #auspol #insiders
More stats on the #coronavirus’s impact on global business: -$29 billion loss in airline revenue -China auto sales down 92% -387 Procter & Gamble suppliers in China interrupted -Adidas sales in China down 85%  …
Precious, what in the hell does that have to do with the cost of tea in China? If you ever say anything intelligent, I am going to ask @realDonaldTrump to declare that day Alexandria the Great day Grow up!!! You are a Congressperson for God’s  …
Dear Disney, Either give us LGBTQ protagonists, or dont. No more background characters, no more clever hints. Go broke or go home. And don’t give me that “oh, but well lose money from China!” Bs. You’re still gonna make billions regardless.  …
60M PEOPLE LOCKED INSIDE THEIR HOMES (TOMBS) CHINA HAS NO WAY OF KNOWING HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE SICK. THERE WAS A SHORTAGE OF TESTING KITS. ONLY PEOPLE WHO SHOW SYMPTOMS ARE ALLOWED OUT, BY THEN IT MAY BE TOO LATE. THESE CROWS FOLLOW DEATH #coronavirus  01
Made-in-China Xivirus is spreading quickly thru “One Bribe One Loan”- OBOR is CCP’s Project Of exporting corruption, pollution & colonization, and now - DEATH.  …
China set to clamp down permanently on wildlife trade in wake of coronavirus  
Italy banned all flights from #Taiwan (because banned flights from #China and considers TWN part of ). Currently TWN has 26 #2019nCoV cases and 1 casualty, ITA almost 80 cases and 2  …
Correct. In the U.S. regulatory environment, you can't just "set up a factory" to "replace China."  …
Has anyone told @ScottMorrisonMP & cabinet that no one actually cares if Australia goes into recession apart from the 1 percent? regular Aussies would rather have NOTHING than sell our souls & who we are to CHINA.. if Scomo really was acting in our best interests, he'd know that
Locusts could be the next plague to hit China — Swarms of desert locusts have devastated East Africa, hit the Middle East, moved into South Asia. They’re breeding fast thanks to changes in climate patterns bringing about major cyclones and heavy rains  …
China changes the narrative  …
Breathtaking scenery of Nalati grassland in China's Xinjiang 
Trump is honoring our pact to help Taiwan defend itself. He flew in B-52 bombers to send a message. China, Russia, Iran and Democrats--they all keep trying to bring Trump down, he just keeps standing up and shoving it right back in their faces  …
Council on Foreign Relations put out this article August of 2019 >> From U.S. Dependence on Pharmaceutical Products From China **About 80% of the active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) used to make drugs in the United States are from China**  …
Coronavirus cases in countries with >10 cases: China: 76,288 S. Korea: 433 Japan: 134 Singapore: 89 HK: 70 Italy: 63 US: 36 Thailand: 35 Iran: 29 Taiwan: 26 Malaysia: 22 AUS: 21 Vietnam: 16 Germany: 16 UAE: 13 France: 12 * Cases tested on Diamond Princess not included
Former #HongKong Chief Secretary for Administration Anson Chan criticised CE #CarrieLam on the meeting of @fcchk that Lam missed the best chance to contain #CoronavirusOutbreak, that she refused to close all borders with China. @RFA_Chinese 
#China ’rounds up and executes dogs to stop #coronavirus’ even though no evidence of it spreading to pets. CHINESE officials have been rounding up pets family by family and executing them to stop the spread of the coronavirus.  …
THIS IS FROM CHINA STATE MEDIA: New Chinese study indicates novel coronavirus did not originate in Huanan seafood market - Global Times  …
#Israel -9 #SouthKorean tourists tested positive for #coronavirus after returning from Israel -Israel's ambassador to China quarantined because he was on the same flight as the 9 South Korean tourists -Israel may soon close border to all non-residents
Pingyao Ancient City is in Shanxi Province of China. Founded during the Western Zhou Dynasty (1046BC – 771 BC) and rebuilt in 1370AD, It is nowadays one of China's four best preserved old cities together with Lijiang Old Town, Huizhou Ancient City and Langzhong Ancient City. 
Dazu Rock Carvings is located in Chongqing, China. It was built from 650AD in Tang Dynasty (618AD - 907AD). Among the rock carvings, there are over 50,000 statues and 100,000 Chinese characters of inscriptions and epigraphs. In 1999, it listed in World Heritage List by UNESCO. 
JUST IN: Israeli ambassador to China placed in quarantine due to being on same flight as people who tested positive for coronavirus (Via The Jerusalem Post)
"The wall" (China Daily) Salute to all medical workers! 
Communism is the lie of capitalists like @realDonaldTrump & @MikeBloomberg. They decry Communism and refuses to pay a #LivingWage in America. They work with the 1%ERS in Congress to ship your jobs to China then use Chinese Labor instead of American Labor!
The Summer Palace is located in the Haidian District northwest of Beijing, China. It is the largest and most well-preserved royal park in China. It was started to built in the year of 1750. In 1998, the Summer Palace was ranked amongst the World Heritage Sites by UNESCO. 
The Terracotta Warriors Museum is located in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. It is a large collection of life-size sculptures in battle formations to protect Emperor Qin Shi Huang (259 - 210BC). In 1987, the Terracotta Warriors were listed in the world heritage list by 
The Huizhou West Lake Scenic Area is located in Huizhou, Guangdong Province of China. The Sizhou Pagoda within the Huizhou West Lake Scenic Area was first built in the Tang Dynasty (618 - 907), but destroyed in 1564 and rebuilt in 1618 during the Ming Dynasty (1368 - 1644). 
Before you start popping that bubble wrap just remember the air in it is from China... 
Israel's ambassador to China has been quarantined because he was on the same flight as South Korean tourists who tested positive for coronavirus - Jerusalem Post
“We know that #coronavirus didn't start in the Wuhan food market. That was the original story of the CCP, so it's only responsible to ask where it did start.” Given Wuhan contains China's only biosafety level 4 super lab, what work was being done there?  …
The  surname in China is Chang. Correct me if you think that’s Wong.
Could any people who own or work for businesses that rely on  on the level of disruption of products/supplies?
Do you think China, Turkey, and Ukraine are the other countries meddling with the U.S. election system? Do you think the Senate GOP has to face indictments before Super Tuesday to protect our elections?
My intuition tells me it’s a little to coincidental that in all of China ( millions of sq. miles ) just by chance ground zero for this pandemic is a few miles from the Chinese militaries Level 4 bio lab where they experiment with Corona viruses . Bat soup uuummm ?  …
China is  third-world country If all you've seen is pictures of new, modern cities, you haven't seen China.  …
Empress Xiaokemin (Wan Rong,) last Qing empress of China. She was married at 16 to Puyi, the final emperor in the Qing dynasty, and would later  the empress of the puppet state Manchukuo in the 1930s and 1940s. See more images here:  
(Bloomberg) The U.S. raised travel warning to Japan as Iran, Italy & South Korea all reported additional coronavirus deaths. Virus spread outside China stoking fear that window to prevent pandemic closing. The WHO: Iran situation “very worrisome” due to lack of direct China link
China can't seem to get its coronavirus stories straight. First, they said it would be "liquidated" within a month, then they warned the virus has yet to peak. @SenTomCotton believes the Chinese are still "lying to the world," about the outbreak. 
China is the world's 2. largest economy, accounts for 16% of world GDP & contributes 30% to global economic growth, and its contributions'll go on by "Double Win"- defeat #COVID19 & achieve annual economic goal. China will do well only when the world does well, and vice versa.
The level of talent of British propagandists operating in America in the 1940s was substantially higher than whatever Russia, Saudi Arabia, or China can muster today.  …
Coronavirus Outbreak: Beijing Silencing Critics in China and US  …
Has President Trump's trade war with China been a overall success ?
Y’all  back from China with fevers are outta pocket and need ya ass beat
What does a FAKE pandemic due with DEBT payments? What are the odds that China's over-leveraged DEBT economy has its payments due right in the middle of a FAKE pandemic? Blame a virus.  …
Pope has been coordinating with China for a state run church. I'm so sick of these people! Pope Francis Approves Chinese Communist 'Church' Supporting Forced Abortion -  … Nettle News
Study about the origin of #SARSCoV2 - A study done by #China revealed that the #coronavirus spread between human could have taken place in the second half of November, 2019 or on December 8, 2019. The spread between human was likely accelerated at the seafood 
[UCC] South Korea  the most infected country outside China for coronavirus  
As the FAKE pandemic grows... You can kill any virus with DDT or Hydrochloric Acid, I'm just not sure it is good for biological life forms. The only Pandemic is the ECONOMIC CONTAGION that China's NWO economy is suffering.  …
Let's review Trump's trade war with China: —300,000 fewer jobs —$34 billion in costs to consumers —$9 billion drop in agricultural exports —Farm bankruptcies are at their highest peak since 2011 Here's the bottom line: Trump's economic nationalism is making Americans poorer.
Beijing has massively expanded its global fishing efforts, threatening the sovereignty, sustainability, and security of coastal states around the world. @CSISOceans director Whitley Saumweber explores China's hidden maritime ambitions:  
[DID U KNOW??] Did u know u can buy more than 1 time of the same song? Each Google acct will allow u to buy once on each Google Play sign-in. Same applies to iTunes and Amazon. Buy+Stream with free trials Reach out to @GoldenUnion_JK if you need help w/ funding #MyTime  …
No one else in East Turkestan or many other places in China can go from one place to another, but these young Uyghurs are on their to Changsha City, Hunan, under the order of the CCP. #SaveUyghurs @Avaaz @RedCross @WHO @UNHumanRight LouisaCGreve 
Tucker Carlson: "They outsourced entire sectors of our economy to China. They imported a serf class to drive down wages, and they crippled the middle class while doing it." Get involved with calls and emails to Congress. No #S386 #H1B #OPT #CPT  …
Kinda tired of people blaming China for American movies having shit queer rep.
China's citizens are beginning to question not just the government response to coronavirus, but the  of the Communist Party 
True. The Fed dumping trillions into treasuries to keep the stock market up is letting him brag when everything else is in a weakening state. Just wait until the shut downs in China affect our retail market in  months... austerity looms.  …
The world’s mobile payment leaders: 1 China 2 India 3 Indonesia 4 Israel 5 Russia 6 US 7 Brazil 8 Spain 9 UK 10 France  
If a country like China with over 1.4 billion can eat rice and still bring some here for us to eat show the kind of people we are Ghana is sitting on a TIME BOMB
The cost of 1GB of mobile internet traffic (lowest to highest): 1 India 2 Russia 3 Italy 4 Nigeria 5 Australia 6 France 7 Brazil 8 Spain 9 UK 10 Germany 11 China 12 Canada 13 US 14 South Korea 15 Switzerland 
Look the future is here China huwan #codiv19 Coming soon in your country 
Xi Jinping has made China into the world's most sophisticated surveillance state, @zeynep writes. So why didn't he know about the coronavirus 
A dozen towns in northern Italy effectively went into lockdown after the deaths of two people infected with the new virus from China and a growing cluster of cases with no direct links to the origin of the outbreak abroad. 
Reminder: Tehran, #Iran Khomeini Int'l Airport -As the #COVID19 virus spreads in Iran, officials are selling face masks to China. -The Revolutionary Guards (IRGC) continues its Mahan Air flights to China. -People say the regime is using the coronavirus to render major profits. 
No, this is not a new virus. This is all the 5 million people who left wuhan before the shutdown. These folks ran all over the world and now we are seeing more cases outside of china
Iranian officials reported the 5th death from the #Coronavirus that emerged in China, at least 28 infected. Both #Lebanon and #Israel have confirmed cases. @WIONews #武肺蔓延全球伊朗5死28感染 
Italy - #coronavirus ordinance  quarantine and isolation for those returning from China + those who have had contact with a confirmed case. Effective immediately.  … h/t Pathfinder #COVID19
China can't seem to get its coronavirus stories straight. First, they said it would be "liquidated" within a month, then they warned the virus has yet to peak. @SenTomCotton believes the Chinese are still "lying to the world," about the 
Chinese Proverb: If man could change stones into gold, his would still not be satisfied. ❖ Chinese Proverbs Quotes
#COVID19 cases all spiked in Korea, Iran, and Italy for the weekend. You have to question why @WHO was so insistent on NOT  travel ban against #China.  …
Pray for South Korea . The Corona virus covid 19 is no joke as we've witnessed in China. Hopefully the authorities aren't in a state of denial about this pandemic. 
Hundreds of dead animals in China blamed on 'massive disinfecting efforts'  
#China's 33rd Naval escort fleet has arrived in #Chittagong #Bangladesh on a five day visit possibly part of a naval exchange program #Bayofbegal 
On the flight deck of a China Eastern Airlines A330 on final approach in Dubai.  © 
 you STILL to this day ignore GROPER Joe's words in this video ? American's know why because you ALSO, are involved in Ukraine & China's Corruption with GROPER Joe & other democRATS, LEFTYS & Commies ! I see Federal Prison in your future Mr. Schifty ! 
Mumbai Airport official: As directed by Govt of India, the Airport has started screening  from Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam &  from China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Thailand, Japan & South Korea will continue to be screened as earlier. #Coronavirus
Two men sweep snow on a high bridge over mountains in Xiangxi, central China's Hunan province... 
Anyone mentioned that about 85% of active pharmaceutical ingredients used in US based   from China and India?
China & Russia are on the move with advances in conventional, nuclear & perhaps biological weapons . They are increasingly working together in joint maneuvers . China being our #1 threat w/ Russia following right behind . See Bills article .  …
There's no doubt China has been cheating our government 4 decades. Americans pay the price & our politicians, until now, have ignored it. WHY? Because they've provided a cover 4 the crooked corrupt weasels in government who have been doing the same thing. Trump is exposing them.
A slap from an army man,can make a man to apologize for wat u dnt no about,he will b like,oga sorry 4 d crises in China.
China has harassed #Uyghurs living in the US by threatening their families in Xinjiang if they speak out about the situation there. #NowhereFeelsSafe Follow @AIUSAChina to find out how you can take  …
"Basically we've outsourced our entire industry to China," retired Brig. Gen. John Adams told NBC News. "That is a strategic vulnerability."  …
#TRON reclaims 2nd place in China's CCID 16th ranking on the world's blockchains, as #ETH falls to 3rd, #EOS still 1st & #BTC 11 #STEEM blockchain is 5th, which hosts @steemit that was acquired by @justinsuntron & @tronfoundaiton's new strategic partner & is migrating to 
From ancient China to Mesoamerica, dragon legends are ubiquitous across dozens of cultures across the world. 
It’s striking how much military and police training is involved in Australia’s Pacific Step Up, NZ Pacific re-set, US Pacific pledge, Indonesian Pacific elevation, UK Pacific uplift etc. Makes you think this is more about China than development!  …
china & india are taking over our economy, the gulf states & israel took over our foreign policy, international finance owns our politicians & mass third world immigration is being used to undercut our wages, outvote & replace us but yeah uhhh russian interference or whatever lol
Why so little attention to plight of people under China lockdown? We critique travel bans but give China free pass. GH experts focus on curbing int'l spread of #COVID19, so walling #SARSCoV2 in Hubei is attractive But what about health & HRs of people trapped in a contagion zone?
Dying today. Probably just a bad cold that I caught while skiing this week, but I keep remembering that 2 weeks ago I shared a joint w/a friend that just got back from China. (for real lol) Either way, I'll be a guest on @ikaripress channel tomorrow at 3pm. Drop by to say 
"A dozen towns in northern Italy are on effective lockdown after the new virus linked to China claimed a first fatality in Italy and sickened an increasing number of people who had no direct links to the origin of the virus."  …
On this, Hu and I agree. The whole world has been focused on fraudulent Mainland China #covid19 recovery data (which claims epidemic inflection occurred after a single Xi meeting) while doing little internally for epidemic control. But things are changing.  
RT/Follow An explosive new play by @jinganyoung @lifedeathplay opens on February 25 @VAULTFestival - Directed by @maxlindsay stars @lucyroslyn  … Read about it  … @guardian #theatre #vaultfestival #china #HongKongProtests 
#China could expand its #solar industry by 50% in 2020  
A U.S. Air Force 37th Expeditionary Bomber Squadron B-1B Lancer, assigned to Ellsworth AFB over the East CHINA SEA. (SSgt. Peter Reft) 
I am surprised at China. I mean China is the chairpersons of FATF & Pakistan is still struggling 2 get out of greylist  …
When Dr Bonnie Henry of @CDCofBC said Thurs that the latest BC #coronavirus patient travelled from Iran, not China, it gave me a jolt. Iran at time was reporting just five infections. Now, 28, with six deaths. Henry's categorisation of BC case as a 'sentinel event' looks bang on
Bloomberg is right about China. 
What Is going on in Wuhan China You have Ravens falling out if the sky dead You have fish jumping out of the water gasping for air! China is lying about this virus #CoronavirusCoverup #Coronavirustruth 
Big news for gold. President Xi ORDERING massive liquidity boost. Negative real interest  to China could pressure RMB lower vs USD. Bitcoin could benefit as well.  …
China reported a decrease in the number of new deaths and cases of the coronavirus, while new infections rose in other countries  
Funerary Sculpture of a Demon China, Early Tang dynasty, about 618-700  
Not sure how much this matters anymore but for what it's worth there are still flights from  to and from Iran. 
So the CCP's strategy now is to troll other countries who are suffering outbreaks of a virus they hid for weeks. And trolling on the basis that these countries shut down travel and trade to avoid the very virus they're now being trolled. Why do we do business with China again?  …
Plane tickets to China are affordable right now.
46% of all Gungnirs are currently owned by China - out of just the FN ones, they own 72%! Data provided by 
Again... We are borrowing money from China, to give to our farmers to NOT sell their products to China...  …
#Tsitsipas ATP Tour career finals — Barcelona Open [2018] — Rogers Cup [2018] — Stockholm Open [2018] — Open 13 [2019] — Dubai Championship [2019] — Estoril Open [2019] — Madrid Open [2019] — China Open [2019] — ATP Finals [2019] — Open 13 [2020]
“Amid an alarming surge in cases with no clear link to China, infectious disease experts believe the flulike illness may soon be impossible to contain.”  …
Given the recent evidence of growing #Covid19 transmission outside of China, this is great thread on transitioning from a strategy of "containment" to one of "mitigation".  …
3. The travel alert for Japan is here:  … The travel alert for South Korea is here:  … The State Dept. already has a Level 4 alert — do not travel — for Iran, for non- #COVID19 reasons. Both CDC & State advise against travel to China now.
Chinese Communist party filming a propaganda piece . Now 5 of their major English language news outfits have been labeled state propaganda outlets . Almost everything you see in MSM regarding China is a lie .  …
The first two deaths of Europeans infected with coronavirus have taken place in Italy. The World Health Organization has expressed concern at the number of cases with no clear link to China |  
Deaths from #COVID19 as of 22 Feb via @WHO #coronavirus Total: 2,361 deaths China: 2,348 deaths Iran: 5 deaths *: 2 deaths South Korea: 2 deaths Philippines: 1 death Japan: 1 death France: 1 death Italy: 1 death *Diamond Princess ship  …
The most deaths outside of mainland China. Implies many more cases unobserved.  …
The definition of a #perfect_storm An overlevered global economy (debt > 300% of GDP) facing a simultaneous demand & supply shock ( #coronavirus), effectively shutting down the 2nd biggest economy ( #China), at a time when global CBs have already used 95% of their ammunition ( #QE)
In 1961 Detroit produced 40% of all cars manufactured globally. Today the share is closer to 10% and China’s share is three times that. @MoodysInvSvc via 
New estimate versus old estimate China - 93 million vs 29 million Bangladesh - 42 million vs 5 million India - 36 million vs 5 million Vietnam - 31 million vs 9 million Indonesia - 23 million vs 5 million Thailand - 12 million vs 1 million  …
'I recently asked some investment managers how they might immunise their portfolios against fallout from China’s coronavirus. "I wouldn’t," one scoffed, "the virus is temporary."'  …
Tbf Given what Bernie has said consistently on the record about DPRK and China the notion that there's a chance to "push him left" on anti imperialism strikes me as delusional
Not China. Not Russia. Not India. Bristol.  …
The 38-year-old man had traveled to China and was never sick, but he had dinner with Italy's first known patient which is why he was assumed to be patient zero  …
Factbox: Latest on coronavirus spreading in China and beyond  
How the Coronavirus Revealed Authoritarianism’s Fatal Flaw - China’s use of surveillance and censorship makes it harder for Xi Jinping to know what’s going on in his own country.  …
Bat coronaviruses: “We found evidence for, in total, from all the sampling we did in China, about 400 new strains of coronaviruses.” That means 400 potential candidates to spark another outbreak.”  …
akhand bharat now includes china? 
Trump isn't backing down, takes it to China with a pair of B-52 flights near Taiwan  …
'A 70-year-old man in China’s Hubei Province was infected with coronavirus but did not show symptoms until 27 days later, the local government said on Saturday, meaning the virus’ incubation period could be much longer than the presumed 14 days.'  …
A new study estimates that ⅔ of #Coronavirus cases exported from mainland #China remains undetected worldwide. This potentially leaves sources of human-to-human transmission around the world unchecked, the study concluded.  …
I was thinking about all the vaccines that are made in China. Perhaps we should wait a bit on administering any further vaccines until we are able to confirm the manufacturing location?
"Films with Chinese investors accounted for 20% of U.S ticket sales in 2018 verses just 3.8% five years ago, according to Interpret data cited by WSJ. Overall, about 70% of U.S. box office  from overseas with China leading the charge as the world’s second largest." 
When people say countries with weak health systems are most vulnerable, this is what they mean. Iran has a mortality rate of  to about 2% in China & even less in other regions. Now imagine a Corona Virus outbreak in a country like Kenya, Ethiopia or even DRC!  …
¨Photos are from just a few weeks ago when Iran regime was exporting the few masks it owned to China. Today I heard from a friend working in a pharmacy in Qom that it is impossible to find a single mask in the city.¨ #coronavirus #Iran #COVID19 
"China, Germany, Japan… Canada… Mexico… They are all about to take a body blow to the auto supply chain. I do think Powell will be prompted to lower rates and I think it could be as early as june. " #QuillIntelligence @FoxBusiness —  
In @City_Press this Sunday, read how the Chinese pulled all stops to prevent ANC youth league marching to China Mall in Joburg to demand jobs for locals. Get a copy 
Our internet sold off to the China as well as our nuclear power stations and now Trident in the hands of the US. Taking back control seems the biggest lie. Tories are selling off the U.K., utter humiliation, Tories the party of patriotism?  …
A dozen towns in northern Italy effectively went into lockdown Saturday after the deaths of two people infected with coronavirus and a growing cluster of cases with no direct links to the origin of the outbreak in China 
A new born baby boy was abandoned amid the #coronavirus outbreak in China. The note says: "My husband and I can't provide for him. The hospital bills of delivery bankrupted us. We have no choice. Please, someone at the hospital or police, send him to an orphanage nearby." 1) 
CoronaVirus is a health and humanitarian issue only when it is discovered in countries like Italy, Germany and the UK. But it is regarded as an “economic threat” by the west to countries with Corona cases like Iran and China that must be boycotted and isolated from the world.
Coronavirus is set to destroy clothing brands such as Gucci, Coach, Kate Spade, Under Armour, Adidas, Puma, etc., who all have their main factories in China. Those factories have now shut down because of the virus. But I don't care. I buy American.  …
2. Of the international #COVID19 cases, 45% are people who were infected on cruise ships. For a while, the cruise ship infections made up more than half of all out-of-China cases. With most (?) people off ships & spread picking up in Italy, Iran, South Korea, this is shifting. 
1. @WHO's #COVID19 daily report is out. These numbers are effectively Feb 21 numbers reported to WHO as of 10 am Geneva time Feb 22. They're already out of date; can't be helped. 1402 (+202) cases outside China, from 28 countries (+2, Lebanon & Israel). 11 deaths (+3).
The two new countries here are Lebanon and Israel. It’s worth remembering that on 1 February, the @WHO already counted 23 countries outside China with #Covid19. From then until this Wednesday just two more countries found cases. Now it’s three in the last three days.
Solidarity concert in Belgrade tonight for the people of Wuhan, China (ht 
What counts as academic espionage in an era of global collaboration? China’s Thousand Talents program is facing increased scrutiny from the U.S. government. But some researchers say collaboration across borders is just how good science gets done. 
Changing globe: declining US capitalism  of China, Europe, India-Brazil-Russia group. Attacks China; divides/damages Europe by separating out UK, Russia; supports fascisms of Modi, Bolsonaro. Weak German, French govts unable to mobilize effective counter-policy.
The @WHO daily sit rep on #covid19 is out. Numbers (as usual as of 10 am Geneva time) first: China: 76392 (+397) cases 2348 (+109) deaths Outside China: 1402 (+202) cases in 28 (+2) countries 11 (+3) deaths
While we know 21% of World population is non-abrahamic, did we ever notice how much land abrahamics control? It's 96.5%. This small corner of the world is what the non-abrahamics have got in the world. And then, of this, we have an athiest China taking 2 % more. 
I dont care about China, Russia or Ukraine. The biggest CRIMINALS ARE IN THE USA GOVERNMENT PUT THEM ON TRIAL NOW. THEY HAVE BEEN SCREWING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SO LONG, WORSE IS THE FACT YOU ARE ALL PAYING THESE PEOPLE WITH YOUR TAXES AND ITS BIG BUCKS JUST TO STICK IT TO YOU ? 
#coronavisus Fatality Rate by Age & Gender Based on 72,314 cases of confirmed COVID-19, suspected, and asymptomatic cases in #China as of February 11, from a paper by the #Chinese CCDC released on February 17 and published in the Chinese Journal of Epidemiology Chart: 
Infectious disease physicians say the rapid spread of coronavirus cases outside China could signal a game changer in the response to the global outbreak. 
The ISBA 2020 WM in Kunming, China has been officially postponed to June 28-July 2, 2021 with short courses on June 27, 2021. See announcement below. More updates will still be posted to the WM website:  
Bad news in China -> expectation of stimulus -> global markets rebound. It is a strange cycle premised on assumption that authoritarian regime in Beijing actually responds proactively to negative shocks. @MorganStanley via 
Having China produce 86% of America's medication, is like having the Nazi's in 1945 produce all of America's medication in between the production of the gas being used on the Jews in concentration cuts. Are our leaders that crazy or money hungry??
Finnish president expresses willingness to keep cooperating with China, saying Finland has "no concrete reason, or need, to disengage from cooperation with China, when it benefits both sides"  
The head of the #WHO is worried about #COVID19 cases showing up around the world with "no epidemiological link" to #China. Can this virus last long periods on the surfaces of inanimate objects? If so, toys can be disease carriers. Best to buy local. #ProximityManufacturing
First & Exclusive Pak jets hovering over #POK, Pak in panic mode with no  to help now #neelumvalley #SaturdayThoughts #Kashmir 
me: okay, kids, there are a bunch of different countries represented in this food court. who can name one? kids: china! india! yogurtland!
Bloomberg Tried to Ruin Me for Speaking Out on China Reporting. Wow.  …
In case you are a casual reader, the DF-17 is a short-range ballistic missile with a hypersonic glider as the reentry vehicle. The implication is that China has either deployed the system or that deployment is imminent.  …
14. A last thought: Several scientists I have spoken to recently, people who know how advanced Chinese scientific capacity is, have told me they think China must by now have done studies to estimate the percentage of mild #COVID19 cases that have missed detection.
12. This map is a bit misleading because we don't know if the Iranian outbreak was set off by someone who had been to China. Sounds like the Italian one, yes. But it gives you a sense of how much #Covid19 is skipping 
11. All this to say that regardless of whether China can stop #COVID19 within its borders — a very tall order, despite its extraordinary efforts — there are new fronts in this battle. A few of them have hit our radar in the past few days. They surely aren't the only ones.
Passing along details about event at Brookings next Tuesday to examine how China’s rise is impacting relations among great powers. Senator Sullivan will speak. Hope you can join or watch online.  via @BrookingsInst
With all due respect, hon, this is the thinking I'm trying to address. We're still going to be interconnected with them. Trump is bringing China into equilibrium-he's not trying to get rid of them. People who think we can  this isolated island will be disappointed.  …
FYI: China has Medicare for all and we see how that’s working out...
2/ The document also reveals #China controls #HongKong's protective gear supply so Hospital Authority has only 1-2mo stock of gear left. Carrie also backstab pro- #China parties for not supporting her causing her failure on handling governance crisis under #coronavirus 
sorry to disappoint #YangGang but i am giving #GiantMeteor a second look. eliminate poverty eliminate billionaires cancel student debt neutralize china threat halt white nationalism stop the war on drugs bipartisan appeal end super pacs new taxes
 transmission of #COVID19 in multiple countries it appears that containment of the virus in China will not happen (this  was not unexpected). Emphasis in many places could turn from containment to “mitigation”. What does mitigation mean?
Map shows New Silk Road. China is utilizing six economic corridors connecting the Middle Kingdom to three continents. Map source:  Peter Frankopan's awesome book on the issue:  
—As of Saturday, the coronavirus had spread to 26 countries, and 1,200 cases had been confirmed outside China —Dozens of passengers from the contaminated cruise ship Diamond Princess have arrived in Britain on a repatriation flight Latest updates: 
#China’s Facade of Stability Recent stresses have exposed the lack of trust at the core of #Beijing’s repressive model There is no cure for  except the collapse of the party, writes Jimmy  …
Did China back his last movie?
[YouTube] 2M views for Jungkook's #MyTime. Stream BTS' new tracks on YouTube! Logevity is a JKs  Fighting #Jungkook #MyTimebyJungkook 
For the last 4 days, the number of new reported infections has been under 1,000 per day (after averaging over 3,500 per day for the preceding 2 weeks). This shows that the extraordinary measures China has been taking to contain COVID-19 are working. 
Tesla’s CATL partnership in China is a strategic play that sets the stage for market domination  …
As 400 billion locusts approach China near its border with Pakistan and India, Beijing deploys an army of 100,000 ducks to confront them. In the war against locusts, I guess you have to try everything.  …
Hundreds Of Animals Drop Dead In China After Being Poisoned By Virus Disinfectant  …
Concerns are growing over the global spread of the novel coronavirus after a spike in cases outside of mainland China among people with no connection to China or the city of Wuhan, ground zero for the outbreak 
I'm skeptical about this stuff since there is still a big chunk of the international market that basically won't stand for it and we can always trust large corporations to bow before the great god of China  …
New on the Foodgates launch would be great. Hopefully soon to see #VeChain tracked beef and  from France into China.  …
The outbreak appears to have taken off in Italy b/c 38-year-old man who hadn’t traveled to China got sick, according to officials. He visited an emergency room several times w/respiratory problems. He was sent home with antibiotics because he wasn’t considered to be at risk. 
The more I read how Americans are dependent on China for food & meds Our nation, once self-reliant, cant even make its own penicillin anymore  to the stunning reality of what that means.. the more I snarl at BETRAYAL that is  …
California Tells 7,000 People Who Returned From China to Stay Home Because of Coronavirus  …
#Australia is relaxing its #TravelBan from #China by potentially allowing students in years 11 and 12 to enter, except those from #HubeiProvince where the #Coronavirus is believed to have  …
The Democratic Establishment are Neoliberal Globalists Bill Clinton is a Neoliberal Globalist who increased the power of Big Banks, created Media Monopolies, imposed Authoritarian Laws & offshored American jobs to China. Bill Clinton's DISASTROUS Legacy  
[RTRS] 22 Feb - CHINA BRINGING IN 7 CRUISE SHIPS TO HOUSE MEDICAL WORKERS IN WUHAN - STATE MEDIA
After avenging the death of his teacher, a Shaolin monk flees China to the American West and helps people while being pursued by bounty hunters in the TV movie/pilot episode of the action-adventure series #KungFu, starring #DavidCarradine, airing this date 
Scientists are studying reports that the incubation period for coronavirus could be longer than the currently believed 14 days. Meanwhile, scientists in China reported indications that the virus might be transmissible through urine.  …
This guy makes my stomach turn, wish he could be dealt with the same way how China deals with corrupt officials. #ZumaReturns  …
Wonder if the Pakistani students stuck in Wuhan are feeling all that brotherly toward either China right now -- or for that matter their own government, which seems to be ignoring them to make a point & displaying what happens when you  too dependent on one country  …
There is no sense that Africa matters to America, except as a place where China and Russia must be confronted 
High-tech bilateral projects signal deeper Brazil-China cooperation  
Censorship, harassment and punishment for speaking out are hindering the fight against the coronavirus outbreak. Demand an end to censorship in #China. 
Feinstein employed a Chinese spy for 2 decades. Media didn’t care. Gov't didn't care. FBI didn’t care. Someone should expose ChiFi & her husband's dirty deals enriching themselves while she pushed legislation & policies favorable to China & selling out 
Shawty like a thousand dollar plate, FINE CHINA 
#coronavirus likely to slash $185 billion off China’s economy in January, February, says ex-IMF official Dips in tourism, consumer spending could reduce first-quarter growth by 3-4 percentage points (What growth? It's a depression)  …
Cotton: China Is Carefully Managing the Flow of Information About Coronavirus  …
1.) China posts fake numbers 2.) ROK and Japan post real numbers 3.) Tankies will  real numbers to fake numbers in order to extol the CCP
wow. 153 coronavirus studies already published, mostly out of China, 92 of them not peer-reviewed. One (now retracted) tied it to HIV. Another said it was a pathogen from outer space. “To be first with a scientific finding is good for profile and for future funding.”  …
Perhaps the whole world has underestimated COVID-19, which is  enemy of mankind. Countries just cut off transportation with China but did little internally for epidemic control. There’re people who gloat over outbreak being occurring in China. But things are changing.
Even as the number of new coronavirus cases in China appears to ebb, experts say they’re preparing for a future with the disease that past pandemics have only hinted at. 
Coronavirus growth in South Korea and Japan is exponential. You would see same in China on much larger scale if their data was real. Fake data doesn’t make the problem go away, it makes it worse. Much much worse.  …
#COVI19 will undoubtedly spread outside China, but the longer it takes to do so the more we get into the warm summer months, which are hostile to viruses. And by next winter we'll have a vaccine
How China's new #coronavirus spread  | 
"The dominoes have just started to fall: economies dependent on tourists from China are  dependent  made in China are  dependent on sales made to Chinese households & enterprises are imploding, & so on."  …
Yet when @SenTomCotton brought up this possibility we were told that "experts debunked" that possibility. They haven't. They haven't even been allowed to enter China to investigate.
The ugly truth is that China has bought and paid for the UK establishment. Our elite has been captured yet again.  …
Don't buy China's story: The coronavirus may have leaked from a lab  
Over half of #coronavirus patients discharged from hospital in SW China's Chongqing  
This chart of #COVID19 daily new cases outside China should help people understand why public health experts think we are entering a new phase of this #coronavirus epidemic over the past 96 hrs. Excellent thread by @kakape  
How the coronavirus revealed Authoritarianism’s fatal flaw — Xi Jinping has made China into the world's most sophisticated surveillance state, making it harder for him to know what’s going on in his own country By  …
It takes on average 12 years and over US$350 million to get a new drug from laboratory to pharmacy. Once successful, we hand 80% of the manufacture to China’s questionable safety and efficacy procedures. Madness even without a virus.  …
3 overseas #Chinese students discuss how #China “lost the gamble” trying to control the outbreak quietly and why the #coronavirus crisis could serve as “an awakening moment” If Chinese people are angry enough over this, this could be the end of the CCP  …
The Center for Information & Industry Development of #China has ranked #Lisk in 4th position out of all #blockchain projects, based on #technology, applicability, and #creativity. Well done, Lisk team. See the rankings here:  #Chinese 
China reported a sharp fall in new deaths and cases of the coronavirus, but world health officials warned it was too early to make predictions about the outbreak as new infections rose in other countries  
If #China's economy is "resilient," it is only because of tight capital controls, protecting it against global market forces. The problem now is that the economy has collapsed inside that barrier. Beijing has few tools to jumpstart it. #COVID19  …
Americans: what's the point of recycling when you think about what's going on in China? China: 
We're saying it before @WHO does it, but they will (in a few days) we're seeing a new epidemic outside of China in South Korea,  spread in multiple continents (Italy and Iran) #COVID19 is a pandemic
Please Mr President, go to China to discuss how to prevent the spread of Coronavirus. We need your leadership!
Here's your Virus update: - Coronavirus may be the "Disease X" health experts have warned about. - Hot spots outside of China: South Korea, Japan, Iran. - About half of the additional cases in South Korea were linked to members of a religious sect.  …
Aircraft carriers, 2019. US: 11 China: 2 Italy: 2 UK: 2 France: 1 India: 1 Russia: 1 Spain: 1 Thailand: 1
China's Gansu Province and Liaoning Province have downgraded their public health emergency response from the highest level to level three, according to local government. The adjustment for these 2 low-risk areas makes sure production and transportation return normal. 
This dramatic decline suggests the economy is weak across the country. At least at this moment, #China is in contraction. #COVID19  …
There's something Ndigbo call "nkpali". If you have a strong economy & your middle class isn't hustling to escape the hell you've made of the nation, nobody will insult you. China "lacks democracy", but nobody insults them. What impact has "democracy" had on your green passport?
Coronavirus fatality rate as of February 22: Iran: 17.9% Italy: 6.1% China: 3.1% S Korea: 0.5% Globally: 3.0%
Landmarks in Melbourne were lit up in red and gold to express solidarity with China. #coronavirus 
so jennie is now the highest pre order/sales from chinese fans with 25,579 Copies... this is such a huge achievement.. jennie even thought she doesn't have fans there.. and now she's the highest among other kpop girl group sales in china.. proud... 
The Left lies. I could give 1,000 examples (Dems re Trump, media re racial issues, soc media re bias, etc.). Always, the Left needs false narratives to sell its rights-reducing, self-serving, authoritarian policies. China is further left. So imagine what's really going on there.
"Wuhan's mistakes"? Don't lay off blame on local officials, @HuXijin_GT. The Communist Party caused this disaster. #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak #China  …
China is destroying a Cambodian paradise - New York Post  …
The Coronavirus situation has shifted in the last 24 hours with an acceleration of cases outside China. The impact on national economies will be major. Our sister account gives you headlines to help you navigate turbulent times. 
Supermarkets in China are fighting to stay open as the #coronavirus outbreak forces restaurants and offices to close 
Concerns are growing over the global spread of the novel coronavirus after a spike in cases outside of mainland China among people with no connection to China or the city of Wuhan, ground zero for the outbreak 
#SouthKorea was slow in taking action because #China prevailed upon Prez #MoonJaein to not impose travel restrictions. Beijing is a culprit as well as Moon. #COVID19  …
THREAD: #Coronavirus found in patients’ urine poses challenge to #China’s sewer system #Chinese scientists found traces of coronavirus in patients' urine, suggesting the virus is capable of traveling with the blood to the body to harm multiple  …
Real Chinese. Let the fists do the talking. #coronaviruschina #WuhanCoronavius #WuhanVirus #ccp #china  …
This woman hired Snowden's lawyers in China. Chongqing. When Bloomberg News’s reporting on China was challenged, Bloomberg tried to ruin me for speaking out  by Leta Hong Fincher
Duterte consistently undermines the Philippines' national security by embracing China & distancing from US. He has also used extrajudicial killings to prosecute his drug war. And yet, he remains immensely popular. Thus there is no incentive to change.  …
What laughable conclusion from someone who works for a regime that is responsible for the suffering of millions in #China. #Beijing has no right to “question” other countries’ ability to deal with #COVID19 outbreak when it continues to fail to be transparent about  …
China is using using advanced technology to fight #COVID19 that could wind up collapsing its economy. #Drones deployed across China to spray disinfectant in public spaces to fight #coronavirus. . @POTUS . @realDonaldTrump #PatriotsAwakened #FlynnFighters #WWG1WGA 
Air traffic at China’s busiest airports down 80% since the beginning of the year. Find the latest numbers from this week at  
Promises that matter to me: *Mass deportations *Ending birthright citizenship *Ending voter fraud *Ending illegal immigration *Ending H1b visas *Ending our dependence on China and Mexico *Building a REAL wall *America First Trump broke his promises to me.  …
The Internet has changed the relationship between rulers and ruled worldwide Some rulers have been surprisingly successful in censoring and controlling Internet use by their subjects The most successful Internet censors are North Korea and China #TAP  …
I am in health department... we checked every individual came from China ,Hongkong and all ASEAN countries... after 14 days of daily feedback.. we are 100% sure that In India conovirus cases are in single digit....3 +1 may be...Not greater than 4
Justin Bieber is showing his support to China. 
Good news! My local @Starbucks started accepting pop-in visits as of Fri. (Till now I could only pay via the app for pick-up or food delivery.) BUT customers still can’t lounge around - police tape keeps you away from the chairs and movin’ out the door. $SBUX #China 
Why is #WuhanCoronavius showing up in places with no connection to China? 
Hong Kong is a frontline to fight against authoritarian ideology. What we demand are democracy & freedom that are PROMISED in the law. And CCP's response to our protests clearly shows to the free world that authoritarian China see democratic ideology as a threat. 
China wants to build a new space station. A planned launch in April will set the stage.  
Uganda govt Uganda govt asking US for aid after getting aid from US,China  …
As of 02.22 23:00 BJT, Chinese BLINKs have collected enough money to purchase 84,686 copies of BLACKPINK’s  album (non-shipping back + shipped back to China). 职业黑粉操盘手吧 
People often misunderstand what technology does for authoritarianism and that's there is more than one path. The way China handled its digital public sphere *before* Xi made it more responsive and resilient. Xi turned back to the Orwellian lane—repressive but brittle. So we see.
Iran's Mahan air flights to China continued for the sake of Tehran's "national interests" (China backs Iran in its nuke standoff with US)some 2 million masks were sent to China . "now we have #coronavirus, no masks + Blacklisted by FATF,": member of Iran's chamber  …
On Thursday, #China's #HubeiProvince reported 349 new cases of #Coronavirus, but #Wuhan, Hubei's capital, reported 615 cases all by itself. The #CCP can't even get its own story straight. This is why no one should believe a  out of  …
How IBM Designed China’s Surveillance Regime – Byline Times Major  helped build China’s surveillance state –a model which is now being quietly exported back to the West under the guise of installing efficient and sustainable ‘smart cities’  …
Here are the latest numbers. These are log charts, if they are upward sloping, it means exponential growth. South Korea and Japan have a real problem. Are they about to "re-run" what China is going through? (1/3) @chrismartenson @jodigraphics15 @ErikSTownsend 
I see economists still claiming that covid-19 will take 1% off China's GDP. My math isn't following how that is even possible.
E: MS-05 GP Custom Block 2 扎古I-GP改乙型 R.O.B.O Vol.EX：GUNDAM 40th anniversary 2019 , China R.O.B.O 
Dear #Family #Friends #Followers I'm having the flu, a heavy one. I got a tip from a friend in #Wuhan China: W ash hands U se mask properly H ave temperature checked A void large crowds N ever touch face with unclean hands Be safe!  …
Questions as coronavirus spreads to Iran: 1. Did Iran downplay the outbreak to avoid offending China (it may have originated in the large number of Chinese workers)? 2. Is Iran's public-health system, crippled due to US sanctions, able to treat people?  
China has emerged as the favourite potential partner to help Kenya realise its oil dream after the key players, Tullow Oil Plc & Total SA, kicked off the process of selling part of their stakes in oil discoveries in South Lokichar, Turkana 
America's pharmaceutical industry relies on  country for manufacturing. It concerns me!! China makes our medications!  …
Tesla China resumes full production of China Made Tesla Model 3 at Gigafactory Shanghai. Yesterday's CCTV XinWen LianBo news program, watched by millions! #Tesla #TeslaChina #Gigafactory #ChinaMade #Model3 #特斯拉 #中国 
China's Ambassador to the UK tap dancing around the question as to whether Beijing stopped a World Health Organization delegation from entering Hubei province cc @DrDenaGrayson @thespybrief  …
#China's handling of the #COVID19 epidemic has shown no appreciable signs of improvement, and in some areas--especially the management of information--things have gotten worse. We'll talk about this on @TeamCavuto at 10:15 ET. #CoronavirusOutbreak
Hey @realDonaldTrump — still think China is telling the truth on coronavirus? FYI, a good idea would be to provide billions to states to make sure everyone has consistent, accurate and ubiquitous tests for coronavirus so we can have accurate numbers on its spread thru the US.  …
I watched @TuckerCarlson piece on "Ruling class  is the truth. Politicians backed China instead of us, for their rich donors instead of us as millions were laid off and business, factories etc closed their doors around the country.
Yes, it's a bold claim. Do convince me otherwise! China's authoritarianism is important, not just because of the billion-plus who live there—look how it's now mishandled its way into what almost certainly looks like a serious pandemic. (And it may well reshape the US, too. Soon).
BREAKING - Attention Wall Street & economy futures watchers - ESPECIALLY TRUMP believers: Top 3 countries affected by COVID-19 are 1) China, 2) South Korea, 3) Japan. What does it do to cars, electronics, large appliances (Samsung, Apple, etc.)? You can't prop up markets forever.  …
China is testing hyperloop technology! #mobility #SmartCity via @wef @rwang0 @Fabriziobustama @mvollmer1 @SpirosMargaris @HaroldSinnott @ShiCooks @Droit_IA @diioannid @ipfconline1 @labordeolivier @sebbourguignon @kalydeoo @tewoz @Ym78200 
According to @WHO Director-General @DrTedros, experts are concerned about the cases of #COVID19 outside #China with no apparent epidemiological link, such as contact with a confirmed case or travel to #Wuhan or wider . (Photo: 
Outraged residents of a central Ukrainian town protested against the arrival of evacuees from China amid fears of the #coronavirus. So far, no confirmed cases of the virus have been registered in 
Picture of the C17 plane with relief supplies/ evacuation that was to go to Wuhan, China. No permission has been given yet for the plane by Bejing despite India requesting on 13th for the proposed flight on 20th feb. 
Community transmission in Korea, Iran, Japan turning pt for #COVIDー19. Is this start of wave of cases? @CDCgov prepares for non-travel cases. Enhanced screening of travellers from China won't work if mini epidemics occur in multiple countries. @DrTedros: "window of opty closing"
New piece. Hear me out. What if Xi Jinping didn't even *know* of key details of the coronavirus outbreak until it was too late? What if his authoritarian blindspot was *worsened* by China's use of surveillance and censorship technology?  
They're made in China. Think of all the money and jobs trump took from Americans by having all those make America great again hats made in China. That alone proves he's Never put America first. I'm thankful for his courage to burn it.
A Special Air Force aircraft that has to fly to Wuhan (China) for the evacuation of Indians, has been loaded with medical equipment, at Hindon Air Force Station, in Ghaziabad. 
Some people think it's a easy job I do. Being self employed working from home. I don't buy my stock online from China. I go out at least once a week collecting. It doesn't matter about the weather I have to go out. Yup I fell in the bog lol x I still love my job 
STOP THINK Guys we need to watch closely the figures that are now being announced regarding Coronavirus. China’s figures can’t be trusted . But, beware, western governments will act like Chinese government, in the event the virus takes hold. Is this an escaped Bio Weapon?
First batch of #coronavirus test kits donated by China arrives in Japan 
China is a leading supplier of wedding dresses, and some brides-to-be may be unable to get the gown they want for their big day 
something positive we can take from the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 voting is that xiaozhan's international fandom has grown so much. we know his fandom in china is huge (and they didn't help at all in this voting) but we got him nearly 2 million votes with just intl fans alone 
#China is testing #hyperloop technology to end gridlock in its cities @wef #smartcity #Transport #innovation #Tech @MikeQuindazzi @SpirosMargaris @jblefevre60 @HaroldSinnott @kuriharan @chboursin @sallyeaves @ipfconline1 @Ym78200 @rajat_shrimal @hwingo @diioannid 
Pakistan plans second phase of Pak-China fibre optic cable #Pakistan is planning to start work on phase-II of the Pak-China fibre optic cable that will be laid along three main routes of the #China-Pakistan Economic Corridor ( #CPEC), including railway 
Video vixen in ‘Binti Kiziwi’ song returns home after spending 7 years in China jail  …
Clinical course and  of critically ill patients with SARS-CoV-2 pneumonia in Wuhan, China: a single-centered, retrospective, observational study  …
The highest responsibility of an American president is to defend us against our enemies. We have no greater enemy than #China.  …
Astronauts from the Russian state space corporation, Roscosmos, have sent their best wishes to China. They said Earth is  home, and they strongly support China's fight against the #COVID19 
Chinese Wuhan Coronavirus = #COVID19 Update 02/21/2020 - China's update was late! 𝗗𝗲𝗮𝘁𝗵 𝘁𝗼𝗹𝗹 𝗵𝗮𝘀 𝗿𝗶𝘀𝗲𝗻 𝘁𝗼 𝟮,𝟯𝟲𝟯 !!! That's 𝟭𝟭𝟲 𝗠𝗢𝗥𝗘 than yesterday !!! Total deaths 02/20/2020 = 2,247 
हिज़ाब से उभरता नया हिंदुस्तान देख... @Real_Anuj Anuj see, the world, Russia, China and America have all believed in the miracle of Allah. China surrendered in front of the Krona virus. And your sister is sold for 500 rupees. And you are happy in 500 RSS branch. 
Prices will jump when the shelves of big-box retailers start going bare, perhaps as early as mid-April due to #China's #CoronavirusOutbreak. Let's start manufacturing on this side of the Pacific. #COVID19 #ProximityManufacturing  …
China makes headway in curing COVID-19 patients: NHC  
SGT Report said 70% of Walmart inventory arrives from China on barges. Shelves estimated to be EMPTY within 30-45 days. All exports stopped!  …
‘Diplomatic Enclave’ Tonight at 9:05 pm Guest(s): Mr. Yao Jing, Ambassador of the People’s Republic of China in Pakistan Watch on your TV screen or stream on the following website:  @CathayPak @WangXianfeng8 @MFA_China 
6) The most important place where we failed all along, under the USSR's reign, and then China's succession, has been in the education of our children and youth. We must face the fact  has won control over America's education system.
Excellent @benjaminwittes conversation with Lisa Monaco & Sophia Yan re corona virus, China & U.S. government responses & structures, etc. — listen.  …
YOU CAN'T OUTRUN THE #CORONAVIRUS IT'S LIKE AN AVALANCHE. The escape from China has begun through unpatrolled borders. Thousands of people have escaped to Vietnam from the ‘Guangxi’ border. Via: TRT journalist Mirkamil Kasgarli  via arslan_hidayat
Growing concerns in #China: a 70 years old male started developing symptoms a period of 27 days after his infection with #coronavirus.
#China's foreign ministry and the Communist Party's Global Times fueled this incendiary theory with their own manifestly false and grossly  especially those in the first week of this month. #COVID19  …
My tweets were included in this @USgamernet article about how the price for Ring Fit Adventure has increased significantly in China.  …
Catherine Swift: Respect must be earned. @JustinTrudeau has earned none. If his last name was Smith we would never have heard of him, so scant are his  & abilities. And a temporary UN seat that can easily be overridden by Russia & China is a vamity project.....
In a bit more than 24 hrs, South Korea is reporting more than 300 new cases, 433 total. Yesterday, China reported 397 new cases for the entire nation, including Wuhan, on the same day China also announced they are building 19 new hospitals near Wuhan. #Legit
Xi Jinping has made China into the world's most sophisticated surveillance state, @zeynep writes. So why didn't he know about the coronavirus 
#Malaysia Picks a 3 Way Fight with #Vietnam & #China in the #SouthChinaSea A months-long standoff over oil & gas operations is playing out between Malaysian, Chinese & Vietnamese vessels, though all 3 states are keeping the episode out of the public eye.  
The women doctors and  the #coronavirus on the front line of the epidemic in China. When they removed their masks after a long time work…Respect! #coronavirustruth 
A much better approach to this article would have been to discuss how corporate America is influencing a closer relationship to China while the administration is seeking to protect, rebuild and inspire. DC is confused by corporate money influenced by CCP.  …
China has just published a national level policy to ban the use of (SCI) journal-based metrics as assessment criteria for academic promotion and recruitment. Really a positive move towards the right direction @DORAssessment  … (in 
Tariffs are paid by US importers, and passed along to consumers. We pay to bail out the farms that are failing because Trump is attempting to bully China for the choices of Americans. We buy from China instead of our own people because the prices are lower.  …
Here's a solution: buy a one-way ticket with money earned through capitalism and take your uneducated, China-loving butts to China & leave us alone. Pro-China Johns Hopkins Students Protest Against Hong Kong Pro-Democracy Activists  via @BreitbartNews
No, these two videos are both from Hanzhou in #Zhejiang Province, East China. It seems different places are having different policies. But overall, the central government encourages people to go back to work.  …
The coronavirus outbreak that has hobbled China's economy is interrupting supply chains all over the world 
There is now a price tag on the tweet that ravaged the NBA’s business in China: hundreds of millions of dollars 
I'm getting reports that Chinese social media burning up  about how America must have infected China with this new virus. This ought to be fun
Feb 22 #LouisVuitton Weibo Update: “When spring arrives, we will be proud of our courage and perseverance right now. I’m #ZhuYiLong. Jiayou Wuhan, Jiayou China!” #朱一龍 #朱一龙 (Finally a new 
As usual, it will be cool, wet & windy this time of the year... If you want to talk about the climate & pollution, I suggest to go to China, India, or anywhere other than the UK which is already doing more than its fair share on energy efficiency & reduction of waste/pollution.
That "British" passport you sold your job for is made in the EU. That flag of St George you fly is made in China. That sovereignty you think you now have is made up nostalgia. Patriotism isn't symbols or cosplaying Empire, its doing what's in the best interests of your country.  …
#China ! They’re Beating To Death Innocent Puppies Yet It’s Still Perfectly Legal To Eat ThemThink About That China 'rounds up and executes dogs to stop coronavirus' even though no evidence of it spreading to pets  …
#China is deliberately delaying clearance for @IAF_MCC aircraft ( #C17) from last 3 days. The aircraft is on standby at #Hindon air base with all materials including medicines: govt 
My sister really worried because of 1 of the guest just recently returned from Chongqing, China. She went to different hospital and clinics asking to test niece for #coronavirus. None would do it. Doctor just prescribed some antibiotics. My niece is still not getting better
What we are seeing now with #coronavirus is the second wave blooms that inevitably leaked out of China (remember, 5million out of Wuhan just before lockdown) This is why we must act BEFORE we detect cases. What will the third wave look like?
Don't you need to be a least  socialista, friend making unilateral deals to be favored by anti-Americans like Russia, China or Iran like people says? Does this guy looks anything like that? 
China stopped the news of #coronavirus in 2019, it’s puppet, regime of Iran did the same a month ago and still jails anyone who talk and spread the news on #coronavirus . The virus is spreading in Iran and we have no accurate date on its death  …
#coronavirus China’s government barricading people’s houses!! 
Morning #COVID19 update: 77,917 reported cases (97.9% in China & 81.4% in Hubei) & 2361 deaths (95% in Hubei). Now > 1,000 cases outside China, 634 linked to DPC, 433 in South Korea & 119 in Japan. US now with 35, Iran 28 and Italy 20. Local HTH transmission happening.
Address by Minister of Foreign Affairs to the Montreal Council on Foreign Relations  … (Rambling, recycled, dishonest. It's as if a year in which China has trampled on the human rights of millions just never happened)
Of the 20,000+ Indian students in China, as much as 90% are pursuing medicine. Why has the country emerged as a hub of medical education? My report for @TheQuint  
As of Friday, @CDCgov had confirmed only 35 #coronavirus cases, but now wants to transfer up to “70 confirmed #coronavirus patients,” likely newly evacuated from #China and/or the #DiamondPrincess. As I warned, MORE #COVID19 cases in the US  soon.  …
China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC) is forecasting that the country's demand for #oil refined products will fall 36% year-on-year in 1Q 2020 | #OOTT via @energyintel ($$$)  …
The @WHO joint mission with #China on #coronavirus to host a technical briefing in Beijing following  of its trip to China on Monday, Feb 24 at 19:00 Beijing time (6am ET), @WHO says. Trip included Beijing, Sichuan, Guangdong, and Wuhan.
This was the report filed by expelled @WSJ journo from #Wuhan. You would think US media/gov officials would care more about Americans like my niece potentially infected with #coronavirus in US. They don’t. They don’t really care about people in China either. 
#Sanitization at scale in #China during #COVID19 #coronavirus Via @SCMPNews @diioannid @CurtisSChin @SDG2030 @YuHelenYu @helene_wpli @HeinzVHoenen @terence_mills @Ronald_vanLoon @zlj517 @juliojiangwei @TheRudinGroup @UrsBolt @MikeQuindazzi @EliseQuevedo @GlenGilmore 
From my older tweet, still freaking EPIC to see over 100 @Tesla Model X were doing Falcon Wing dance all together in China 
Member of Tehran chamber  “For the sake of national interest flights to China continued, we even sent 2 million masks. Now we have coronavirus, no masks & sanctioned by FATF.” Note: China is Iran’s lifeline for surviving sanctions. #کروناویروس  …
China to Clamp Down Permanently on Wildlife Trade in Wake of Coronavirus: China’s top law-making body expected to permanently tighten rules on trading wildlife. Wildlife markets are the suspected origin of both the current outbreak & the SARS outbreak.  
Operational airports: India: 132 U.S: 2052 Canada: 535 Brazil: 297 Indonesia: 210 China: 188 U.K: 135 France: 131 Germany: 103 South Africa: 90 Italy: 70 Iran: 70 Venezuela: 63 Pakistan: 62 Malaysia: 62 Saudi Arabia: 33 Sri Lanka: 23 Bangladesh: 16 (Airport-Authority)
WAU Every humble Rasam has its day--our Rasam rocking in China as a preventive/remedy for Virus--Jai Ho Rasam:)) RT 
The massive efforts in China have bought us time. But we should be using that time to prepare and that includes preparing the world  what is happening, what is likely to happen and what the response might look like. That is the “window of opportunity” we have now.
“Everything looked like the movie ‘Contagion.’” A woman returning from Wuhan, China, gave us a look at life inside a U.S. coronavirus quarantine. 
Dark ages stuff in Ukraine. Police were injured protecting evacuees from China from angry mobs. No country has met its citizens like that," she said. "We were bombarded, as enemies of the people, and this is very unpleasant. ... We have not done anything wrong to anyone."  …
One unexpected positive side-effect of the coronavirus outbreak is that all the predatory conferences in China have stopped emailing faculty "Greetings of the day! We invite you to give a keynote on organometallic chemistry." Because now the invitation is just too unrealistic.
From the summary: "we estimated that about two thirds of COVID-19 cases exported from mainland China have remained undetected worldwide, potentially resulting in multiple chains of as yet undetected human-to-human transmission outside mainland China"
And these are just the things we know. We can only guess what we don’t know. This MRC analysis suggests that 2/3 of all #COVID19 cases exported from China have been missed  …
#Coronavirus: South Korea confirms 100% rise. Dr Tedros @WHO chief, has expressed concern at the number of new cases with no clear link to China or other confirmed cases. His greatest concern is countries with weaker health systems, particularly in Africa.  …
My sister took niece to hospital. She has pneumonia. Sis really worried and wants to test for #coronavirus but hospital and doctors couldn’t be bothered. Sis now working frm home to care for niece. They live in Silicon Valley. NYT and WaPo won’t be covering her story like China
Amid the novel #coronavirus outbreak, why did these foreigners choose to stay in China? 
#Kolkata Relish the sumptuous flavours of the Far East at the Southeast Asian Food Trail at Mainland China. Come and indulge in a delectable weekday set lunch with your loved ones at just Rs 699. Call us for more details #MainlandChina #SouthEastAsian #FoodTrai 
From the start, @WHO has been very clear about its strategy: Fight #SARSCoV2 hard at its source in China and keep it from establishing a foothold elsewhere. It was always a long shot, but it was the right thing to do and it has bought the world time.
Ironically my family in China have been staying safe from #coronavirus but my sister’s family in US became sick. She hosted Super Bowl Party in her house. 2 families attended got sick. 1 friend recently returned frm China. Niece had high fevers for days... #COVID19
Joao Constancia was born and raised in Macau, a special administrative region of China. His outstanding style and swag surely make him stand out in a crowd but what caught our eyes is his lower lip piercing. What is the story behind it? #SpotlightOnJoao 
Coronavirus: WHO worried about cases with no link to China – latest updates  …
Special edition China (1889-1912) + United States (1908-1912) = United China: 
This is the new normal in the South China Sea: oil and gas exploration anywhere in the 9 dash line is being met by high-risk China Coast Guard and militia harassment. In the latest, ongoing standoff, Malaysia has picked a fight with both China and Vietnam  
China reports fall in new coronavirus cases but concerns grow over rising global spread  
What Canada's latest coronavirus case - the first not linked to China - tells us about the evolution of the outbreak. 'Globally, we will not be able to contain the spread of this virus,' says infectious disease expert, by @adamsmiller +  … via @cbchealth
A Czech politician planned to go to #Taiwan to promote trade. Then #China sent a letter threatening economic consequences against the #Czech Republic. Then the politician died. The US and EU should recognize Taiwan's independence.   
My new oped, out now We need a radical re-think of China policy #China #CCP #FreeChina #Huawei #StandwithHK #DemocracyforHK #HongKong @hk_watch @CPHumanRights @TomTugendhat @IoWBobSeely @lukedepulford @DominicRaab  …
A Marxist propagandist ‘explains’ why Latin Americans flee repressive and destructive socialist regimes. Wonder why Americans don’t flee capitalism and take refuge in Cuba, Venezuela, North Korea, China, Nicaragua or any other socialist hellhole? Sit your ass down ‘John’  …
Ambassador of India in Beijing informed, Me & The Family at Mumbai, all arrangements regarding transportation of mortal remains of Late Mrs. Rita Mehra from from Zhengzhou to Mumbai r made, Necessary permissions from China Govt obtained @BJP4Maharashtra @Dev_Fadnavis 
Taehyung's data after Map of the soul:7 was released: Aiman China Active Fans Top1 among all Korean artists, and he is Top11 among all artists, the highest among all Korean artists Wechat index Top1 among members Baidu Index Top1 among members @BTS_twt #Taehyung 
Chinese media are in the U.S. to bring a different side of #China to the local audience. To discredit entire media organizations based on their country's ideology is an extremely cheap move, says @thepointwithlx on U.S. labeling Chinese news outlets as "foreign 
From @benedictrogers: If we mean what we say about 'global Britain', we must stand up to China 
Thousands of planes criss-cross China every day, but that number has fallen sharply as flights are canceled to  the coronavirus 
These outbreaks in random places outside China is very worrying.....  …
Coronavirus patient re-hospitalized in China's Chengdu after testing positive again  
Bloomberg’s China Apologetics Should Disqualify Him from the Presidency  … "Like the NBA’s, his bottom line is given such a massive boost by Chinese dollars that he is willing to lie about the nature of the regime, or at least to delude himself about it"
 Coronavirus has escaped into Iran, Italy, and South Korea and taken hold. China is not being honest about case totals and the rest of the world  for economic reasons. (DM) #COVID19 #Coronavirus
Like we stood with #China and #Wuhan we stand with every nation that is suffering from the spread of #CoronaVirus As a Lebanese I fully support the efforts of our Health ministry and hope for the full recovery of our  …
Coronavirus outbreak a ‘disaster’ for luxury brands as China sales crash, says former LVMH executive  …
10 hours to build a quarantined delivery area! This baby was born at an "exclusive" delivery room in Sichuan, China. 
A dozen towns in northern Italy are on effective lockdown after the new virus linked to China claimed a first fatality in Italy and sickened an increasing number of people who had no direct links to the origin of the virus. 
Five Qatar Airways Cargo freighters departed one after the other bound for Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou to support our friends in #China by providing donated medical supplies that can help limit the spread of #Coronavirus. @Boeing #QatarAirways 
The solutions won't work if we keep funding the problem. Canada & just 3 other countries-Japan, Korea & China-substantially fund fossil fuel development using export credit agencies. Export Development Canada spent $62B on fossils '12-'17 (only $5B on cleantech over that period).  …
This has now  a full blown diplomatic issue. Responding to China, GOI sources say “Our request for the 3rd flight was submitted on 13/2. Flight plan was submitted on 15/2. Date of flight proposed was 20/2. That is 5 days notice.The delay therefore appears deliberate”1/n  …
#China asks all  to stop using #biometric identification systems amid the #coronavirus outbreak. The systems use fingerprints to verify who is clocking in and clocking out of work, and may increase the risk of virus transmission. 
China, Philippine and India are superior tae stans
China's central bank vows to take more steps to support virus-hit economy  
Guy demonstrating why UK was right to leave EU. In 21st century, Brits shouldn’t have to choose between the EU, the US or China. All three need to be close allies—but allies we can criticise. Wether that be US foreign policy, or the lack of democracy in Beijing and Brussels.  …
Mainland China #coronavirus cases excluding Hubei. Frankly, it's mind-blowing how stupid they think everyone 
A video showing what the Chinesegov't is doing at the highway exit checkpoint to prevent the spread of #coronavirus Although it is just a practice video, it is terrible to see thepolice is using net & rifle to catch the suspected infected person #COVID19 #nCoV2019 #China 
19? &gt;China's Wuhan to build 19 more makeshift hospitals  …
“Bloomberg Tried to Ruin Me for Speaking Out on China Reporting”  …
I agree with @SheldonStone19 - please tweet to the Prime Minister @BorisJohnson if you think the decision on #Huawei should be reviewed, given Huawei's role in surveillance, persecution and human rights violations in #China.  …
Three overseas Chinese students discuss how China “lost the gamble” trying to control the outbreak quietly and why the #coronavirus crisis could serve as “an awakening 
China has put more than half a billion people under partial or total lockdown in an effort to fight the spread of the new coronavirus. That's equivalent to restricting the movement of the entire population of North America. 
The Australian government which has been good about the quarantine of Australians who have been in China or aboard the cruise ship. So why are Chinese students being allowed back into the country & only required to self quarantine. This hasn’t worked as in the case in Melbourne.
In 1961 Detroit produced 40% of all cars manufactured globally. Today the share is closer to 10% and China’s share is three times that. @MoodysInvSvc via 
Pakistan and China both are enemies of India. If anyone in India is shouting Pakistan zindabad or China zindabad, he or she is enemy of India, and indigenous faiths following Indians and other Indian. Pakistan means islamofascist nation ruled by converted Mullah.
Remember these two Pakis who said they didn't want India's help to be evacuated from Wuhan because China would take care of them? Well, left to die, Paki students are now begging to be evacuated. And their parents are crying before ministers in Islamabad. Totally pathetic country  …
So, tell me, what do you think about the coronavirus? Oh, that’s a China problem and if it gets here we’ll take care of it. Who are we, exactly? You know, our people. What the hell are you talking about with “our people“? Look, I’m busy pretending to know what’s going on.
Compliments of Josh! A Ripple Labs executive is suggesting the U.S. administration is interested in ripple (XRP) adoption to offset China’s bitcoin strength.  …
There is “a new cold war … brewing between China and the rest of the democratic world, and Hong Kong is holding the line in one of its first battles”.  …
Pepe Escobar - Global Conflict in the 2020's: China is overtaking America as the largest economy & the Neocon Globalists are getting desperate. Is the Coronavirus a Biowarfare weapon? No Weapon Left Behind: The American Hybrid War on China  …
China was shut down for a month due to the #coronavirus outbreak. The economy was hit baldly. Top officials decided to start industrial production, regardless of the outbreak. But virus doesn’t give shit. A man died on the way back to the work. 
Taehyung ranked #1 in Daily rankings for the Aiman index china 
Americas real enemies are NOT in the middle east, Russia or China, your real enemies are DOMESTIC they are your elected #Democrats and #Republicans Indeed these enemies are employed in every sector of the #Government they operate above the laws they enforce on you the  …
So now it is spreading rapidly outside if China but inside China everything is awesome  …
While #HongKongers feel frustrated with mask shortage, #Carrielam puts political factors over ppl’s life and death. She asks #China to take actions to ensure #pro-Beijing forces  election. Only in non-democratic societies can such an unpopular leader remain in her seat.  
Fears mounted on Saturday over the growing number of infections outside China from the coronavirus, as the World Health Organization warned the "window of opportunity" to contain the spread was "narrowing". 
Coronavirus outbreak a ‘disaster’ for luxury brands as China sales crash, says former LVMH executive  …
How many of these religious "healers"  on TV or stage showing their miracle powers, went to China, to treat the 1000s who are in serious condition due to Corona Virus?
Cosmin Olaroiu (Jiangsu coach): "Everything was agreed with Real Madrid for Bale to move to China, the club reached an agreement with his agent and Madrid, but after they lost some friendly games they pulled out of the deal in the last moment."
So now China tries to blame Americans for the Wuhan accident  …
And speaking of spreading #coronavirus rumours and conspiracy theories ladies and gentlemen I give you the Global Times #China’s dirt rag extraordinaire!  …
#Coronavirus: Young Nigerian Man Volunteers In China | Sahara Reporters Babatunde was touched by the workers, who fight against Coronavirus at the frontline and decided to contribute his quota. The Nigerian student takes the temperature of... READ MORE:  
A surge in coronavirus cases and deaths in Iran is raising concern because the outbreak can’t be traced directly back to China 
China never sent a representative to the WHO press conferences on coronavirus to answer public questions. Such a glaring omission for the outbreak source country  irresponsible.
Makeshift plastic barrier between #Beijing taxi driver and passengers. The driver has also put a cute little sign up wishing everyone good health and spreading love to all. #coronavirus #China 
Today is the first anniversary of the release of alita in China, which means a lot to me.We love her deeply, till death do us part. 
The WHO missed the window on containment. They dragged their feet on calling it world health emergency, they condemned US travel restrictions while now praising them in China and elsewhere. They failed us, because they did not want to upset China.
drill for anti #coronavirus “ terrorists ” in China by SWAT just absurd 
Union Cabinet Secretary Rajiv Gauba:  from China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Thailand, Japan & South Korea will continue to be screened for their universal health at airports. From Monday,  from Nepal, Indonesia, Vietnam & Malasia will also be screened.  …
Today in the #Gwanghwamun square area - #Seoul - #SouthKorea: Thousands of people protested against the government and boycotted China, despite a ban on protests to prevent the spread of #COVID19, after when Seoul had 433 cases of 
China gives no response to India's goodwill gesture, delays permission to IAF's C-17 aircraft waiting to deliver relief, evacuate Indians China has decided to withhold permission to the flight that was to deliver medical and relief supplies  …
California Tells 7,000 People Who Returned From China to Stay Home Because of Coronavirus  …
So proud of my team who worked overnight on a briefing to support this important @_AfricanUnion discussion on #coronavirus and #Africa's response, including data on Africans in the epicenter in Hubei, #China & 3 options for coordinated action  …
A gift idea for anyone that needs a reminder of how beautiful they are, this cup & saucer set is made from bone china & personalised with any name  … #tea #cupandsaucer #giftideas #mothersday #ukgifthour 
Cabinet Secretary chairs high level review meeting on #COVID19. Indian Citizens advised to avoid all non-essential travel to Singapore. Total 10 countries with universal screening: China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Thailand, Japan, South Korea, Nepal, Indonesia,Vietnam & Malaysia. 
Two provinces in China lower their emergency response level after reporting no new coronavirus case  
15 minutes! New rapid test kits for #coronavirus have been developed by a  in Hefei, China 
Just in: India to screen passengers from 10 countries now as precautionary measure against #WuhanCoronavius. These are China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Thailand, Japan, South Korea, Kathmandu, Indonesia, Vietnam & Malaysia.
A Cameroonian student shares experience of recovering from novel coronavirus in China: So long as we make joint efforts, the Chinese and foreigners, we can defeat any disease in the world. #CORONAVIRUS #COVID19  
Africa has confirmed only one case of #CoronavirusOutbreak but Africa is already feeling the economic & social effects because China is one of our strong economic partners, says 
#COVID19 strains isolated from urine pose a threat to China’s sewer system, especially in hospitals. The discovery also explains how the virus is traveling with blood to harm hearts and kidneys.  
Fuck #China.
"India simply lacks the kind of clout that gains Trump’s attention. Even though its trade with the US is handsome by our standards, it pales into insignificance  to that between the US and China." | Manoj Joshi writes.  …
If a mayor of a Tehran district got the #COVID19 chances are that the virus has spread all over Iran by now. Could well be the same infection level as China outside Hubei.  …
The total number of #COVID19 cases reported from mainland China to date is 76,288. The figures include 11,477 severe cases and 2,345 people who have died. 
Picture of a wailing mother of a Pakistani student stuck in China, pleading IK's state minister to bring her son back. The govt's response is: "they're safe in China". #Pakistan has a history of disowning its own. @TarekFatah @madhukishwar @sankrant @Sanjay_Dixit 
yibo released a new song (a collab) about the current situation in china, as a sort of hopeful supportive thing. it’s currently only on qq music but you can listen here:  …
China's major  including EMS, SF Express, and JD Express are back to work, like many other  In the last case, the "return rate" reached 66 percent, Wu Chungeng, a Ministry of Transportation official, said in a press conference. 
Red-crested #pochards winter with #swans #China 
My warning was heard, a big #setback for #China's Propaganda. Tibetan's determine is hard like rock, this has showed past 6 decades against #CCP's occupation & we'll continue our #Nonviolent struggle until #FreeTibet. #QPLNYC #XiJinping #COVID19 #XiVirus #KarmaVirus  …
China reports fall in new coronavirus cases but concerns grow over spread elsewhere  
‘Compare India to China not Pakistan’: Congress leader @GouravVallabh slams Modi government #HSS2020 
What an idiot, con man, and pathological liar! Your tens of billions of dollars of wasteful bailouts didn’t prevent record farm bankruptcies. And despite your brazen lies, the “massive tariff money” is  into the USA from China: it is paid for by American consumers.  …
George reclaimed his record title from China's Mao Weidong, with an incredible time of 8 hours 15 minutes and 15 seconds 
We source shop and ship from the UK to Uganda.. dubai, china,  soon Follow us 
Manmohan's Foreign Policy Nuclear Deal Indo-Japan Strategic Partnership Trade deals with ASEAN & Korea Result: India is the next China Modi's Foreign Policy Howdy Modi Namaste Trump Nepal  pro-China Result: India is the next Pakistan #Jumla7MillionKa
This futuristic #robotic restaurant in south China's metropolis Guangzhou is unlike anything the country has seen before.  @XinhuaTravel v/ @jeanyvesgonin @MikeQuindazzi @jblefevre60 @mvollmer1 @Alvinfoo @jrzaranoid 
An outbreak  an epidemic (like China), and when epidemics are rampant in multiple countries and on different continents simultaneously, then it's closer to pandemic status. A tipping point for the WHO to declare isn't clear but their recent language does seem more gloomy.
The coronavirus outfall has wiped ~25% of China's CO₂ emissions over the past two weeks, which would reduce annual emissions by ~1%. Will the changes be sustained, or be offset / reversed by the government response to the crisis? @laurimyllyvirta  
The following news shows how most of #Indian media has mastered the art of FAKE NEWS when  to #Pakistan @zlj517 #China joins India, US to set new deadline for Pakistan  … via @IndianExpress
The WHO and China both seem doomed to repeat their mistakes of the past in their response to the coronavirus  via @bopinion
Little Red Podcast hits it out of the park with this episode featuring measured, insightful views from @ChuBailiang @orvilleschell, and Shaun Roache. If you want to understand the implications of #COVID2019 on China and its economy, do listen:  …
From shopping to eating out, virus control measures — such as temperature checks — are still having an impact on everyday life in Shanghai, China's economic juggernaut. 
How do people in China keep working when most of the country is under some kind of travel restrictions? Let's follow the story of Ryan, a foreigner working at a Chinese university, who has been making videos to update his friends and family back home. 
Trash is the biggest problem of modern life. We have mountains of Trash called Landfills in every city & they keep piling up Well here's a simple & practical solution from China. Sounds doable.. @amitabhk87 @NITIAayog @narendramodi @PMOIndia @GautamGambhir @ArvindKejriwal 
Can I just ask what constitutes a pandemic announcement? Mainland China has only slowed the virus but outbreaks are all over the world ATM.
Coronavirus patient re-hospitalized in China's Chengdu after testing positive again  
Trillon-Dollar economies. GDP (2019 Estimates, In trillion $) U.S: $21.44 China: $14.14 Japan: $5.15 Germany: $3.86 India: $2.94 U.K: $2.74 France: $2.71 Italy: $1.99 Brazil: $1.85 Canada: $1.73 Russia: $1.64 S Korea: $1.63 Spain: $1.40 Australia: $1.38 Mexico: $1.27 (IMF)
JUST IN: The repatriated OFWs from Hubei, China and the government's repatriation team were finally released this Saturday, following  of their 14-day quarantine in New Clark City in Capas, Tarlac. #COVID19 | via 
Democracy is not perfect, so we need separation of powers, to prevent corruption of govt But in China and Hong Kong, there's no such thing 
China is testing hyperloop technology! #mobility #SmartCity via @wef @evankirstel @rwang0 @Fabriziobustama @mvollmer1 @SpirosMargaris @HaroldSinnott @Paula_Piccard @ShiCooks @Droit_IA @diioannid @ipfconline1 @labordeolivier @sebbourguignon @kalydeoo @tewoz @Ym78200 
A Chinese peeing on a bus in Hong Kong. How ugly and aggressive the people from China.  …
It's the time HKPolice start not to cover the collusion with thugs to oppress dissents Paramilitary force collude with thugs is not news  states, like China and Russia CCP just uses  strategy in Hong Kong This labelled the end of rule of law in HK 
New virus cases in past day in South Korea (population 51 million): 229 New virus cases in past day in all of China besides Hubei province (population 1.3 billion): 31
1/3: Last night, Melbourne lit up its streets in red and yellow in support of our  and their families and Friends in China. 
The WHO has been far too deferential to China during this crisis. That has slowed its response and made the epidemic more threatening (via 
Looking for some spring brightness? The tulips inside an ecological garden of Xianju County, E China’s Zhejiang, bloom cheerfully as the local temperature has been rising steadily. 
Global garlic prices are high because of China's supply 
China is fighting fires with missiles... 
Q U R A N is Quran (spelt Khooran). China tried to mess. And now china Q U R A N T I N E D (written as quarantined), meaning, never mess with Allah, and Islam...
China fell back to the Middle Ages within 3 weeks.  …
China's first high-speed mask production line: 500,000 per day #CoronavirusOutbreak 
A 70-year-old man in China’s Hubei Province was infected with Covid-19 coronavirus but did not show symptoms until 27 days later, the local government said on Saturday, meaning the virus’ incubation period could be much longer..  …
Change in flights across China before and after outbreak. 
Coronavirus cuts China’s greenhouse gas emissions by a quarter  … Experts say the drop not permanent but outbreak highlights how ‘vulnerable’ society 
pls note that among china, japan and rok, obvioulsy rok seems to be the most transparent with all the detailed updates every minute from the press. rok must have steep rise in cases but that’s just cos they count every single case w/o reservarion&they can test thousands in a day
China "The Coronavirus is devastating us" Disney "Well I see China is no longer a viable market" 
Descendant of Genghis Khan, the man who is the storm. Xilingol League, Inner Mongolia, China 
Good morning from #Germany, which could be hard hit by the Coronavirus.  do a good deal of their business w/ #China. Above all the chip manufacturer Infineon, which makes a third of its sales in the Middle Kingdom.  also threatened by sharp drop in sales. 
Regional forums like JAI (Japan-America-India), RIC (Russia, India, China) have been given added impetus only under PM Modi. This has enabled a fast growth in India's global projection: Dr. 
This photo went viral on Chinese social media platforms Saturday. Holding their 9-month-old son, the husband watched his wife, a nurse on duty at a local hospital, having lunch at a distance of about 2 meters, in Hubei, the epicenter of the #COVID19 in #China. 
#coronavirus Update: My Worldwide Case Count Just updated: New cases in #SouthKorea (137), #Japan, #Australia & #Italy - 1 new death in Italy 826 new cases & 109 deaths in #China Note: #China is likely downplaying the numbers #WuhanCoronavirus 
Tunisia,Austria, Denmark, France, Belgium, Tajikistan, Latvia, Bulgaria, Cameroon, Chad, Congo-Brazzaville, Gabon, Netherlands, China, Morocco have already banned the Burqa and now Sri Lanka will follow. India needs to follow 
WHY has US Biz Leaders trust OUR health to a Communist Regime who openly opposes us? China is top producer of antibiotics, surgical tools, prescription RX ingredients & many essentials needed to stay alive. 80% of our antibiotics right  from China  …
Sunrise on the Great Wall of China | Photography by ©Robert King 
Three overseas Chinese students discuss how China “lost the gamble” trying to control the outbreak quietly and why the #coronavirus crisis could serve as “an awakening 
China has bought us all time. But we really should *already* be using it.
"The increasing signs of transmission outside #China show that the window of opportunity we have for containing this #coronavirus is narrowing. We are calling on all countries to invest urgently in preparedness"- @DrTedros #COVID19
Laos will stand side by side with China and is willing to provide assistance within its capacity to support China's fight against the novel #coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak, Lao Prime Minister Thongloun Sisoulith said 
not to be a total doomsday prepper or anything (jk i totally am), but stock up on your meds if you can. a lot of  from china so coronavirus will likely impact their production and supplies might drop here.
Meet the youngest #coronavirus patient – a three-month-old baby girl – who was recently discharged from a hospital in Hangzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province. Nurses at the hospital became "temporary moms" to the little girl, feeding and cleaning her. 
"Although the total number of #COVID19 cases outside #China remains relatively small, we are concerned about the number of cases with no clear epidemiological link, such as travel history to or contact with a confirmed case"- @DrTedros #coronavirus
"It’s hard to believe that only 52 days ago, WHO’s country office in #China was notified of a cluster of cases of pneumonia of unknown cause in Wuhan city"- @DrTedros #COVID19 #coronavirus
BEIJING, Feb 22 (Reuters) - China is bringing in seven cruise ships to house medical workers in Wuhan, state media said on Saturday, at a time when such ships are under scrutiny after hundreds of passengers on the Diamond Princess liner in Japan contracted the coronavirus.
Wow!! So beautiful  …
"Are they not interested in Indian aid?" India arranged for a C17 to go to Wuhan carrying relief supplies, and to bring back Indians still remaining after two previous evacuation flights. China is not granting clearance.  …
I hope my boys in South Korea and China are safe and healthy. :(
China will consider investing in pakistan's low-cost housing programme. #CSCEC is waitting for serving pakistani people. @zlj517 @evazhengll @CPEC_Official @CPEC15 @CathayPak @CPEC_UPDATE @SardarAdnanMSF @AbdulMaan @drhmi475 @Zoon_AhmedKhan @CSCEC_EGYPT @Fayyazkakar 
“Your handwriting. The way you walk. Which china pattern you choose. It’s all giving you away. Everything you do shows your hand. Everything is a self portrait. Everything is a diary.”
When u died because of Corona Virus & born again in China. 
World markets start collapsing as #China, #SouthKorea and #Japan are afflicted with the #coronavirus. The supply of so many products and materials is felt worldwide as production and assembly lines are shut down for days and weeks!
Best places for expatriate workers, 2019: 1.Taiwan 2.Vietnam 3.Portugal 5.Spain 9.Malaysia 16.Colombia 17.Australia 18.Qatar 20.Canada 32.Oman 33.Germany 40.UAE 42.France 47.USA 50.China 57.Greece 58.UK 63.Italy 64.Kuwait (Expat Insider)
i knowwwww que no le estan tocando la de la china LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO A QUEEN  …
In China it’s something like “EYE love coffee”
OMG who's this cutie??? #Jungkook #JK #BTSComeback2020 
The Rapid-rising chart & New Release Charts are the official charts of 网易云(Netease Cloud Music) The rankings show that Jimin’s songs drove lots of attention from fans/Gp in China organically #JIMIN @BTS_twt
Here goes the 2nd one! Can you guess which dish is from our new menu? Mainland China is celebrating the New Year with New Taste, New Flavours & New Menu along with loads of prizes. #MainlandChina #NewOnMenu #NewAdditions #NewFlavoursOfMLC #ContestAlert 
Chinese President Xi Jinping is to LIKELY visit Pakistan on an important bilateral visit in the month of June 2020, as per diplomatic sources. #Pakistan #China
YouTube Music Spotify Google Play Music iTunes + Apple Music Let's get it!  #Jungkook #MyTime 
Big data meets coronavirus: China desperately needs people to get back to work, and it's increasingly counting an opaque set of calculations to determine exactly who needs to be quarantined to prevent another wave of infections  …
#Coronavirus incubation could be as long as 27 days says #China  …
Cai Jie, former member of the CPC Standing Committee and secretary general of #Wuhan, C China’s Hubei province, has been expelled from the Party for financial crimes and political discipline violations, according to a statement by the provincial anti-graft body on Sat. 
Swarms of locusts descend on Saudi Arabia moving eastward in the direction of China. The pests have been responsible for devastating crops in parts of Africa, and the UN warned that the locusts were placing “millions at risk of hunger.” 
Excuse me but I'd like to remind you that China spent literally billions on weaponized bat piss.  
All the ways China’s coronavirus outbreak is affecting tech  
SHANGHAI, Feb 22 (Reuters) - A 70-year-old man in China's Hubei Province was infected with coronavirus but did not show symptoms until 27 days later, the local government said on Saturday, meaning the virus' incubation period could be much longer than the presumed 14 days.
More than 500 new coronavirus cases detected in PRISONS across China fuels fears about the virus's ability to spread 
Make the anti-Chinese rhetoric so absurd that the signal is lost in the noise. I honestly see the real serious China stories that I see with my own eyes so rarely through the wall of cartoonish conjecture I can't tell if we're fielding our own detractors to facilitate it
Honestly if I was in charge of Chinese propaganda, instead of trying to refute credible academics with their well articulated, evidence based objections to Chinese governance, I'd drown them out by flooding media with hyper-nationalist mainstream media China-watching crackpots.
I thought the infection count was peaking in China. If so, why is this NOW necessary?  …
Parents Help Their Kids With Homework: (Average number of hours per week spent helping) India: 12.0 Turkey: 8.7 Brazil: 7.5 Russia: 7.5 China: 7.2 S Africa: 6.8 US: 6.2 S Korea: 5.4 Germany: 5.0 Australia: 4.4 France: 3.9 UK: 3.6 Japan: 2.6 (WEF, 2018)
Tibetans and Uighurs in China have a much tougher time looking for jobs than minorities in other countries 
So some IPhone user was telling me he can't use phones like Huawei, Xiomi etc because  from China, he'd rather opt for Samsung. So I asked him where Iphones are assembled, man says US
China harvesting organs of Uighur Muslims, #China Tribunal tells UN  …
There is one feat that 'Parasite' has not managed to achieve: cracking the China market, the world’s second-biggest box office territory 
This is what happens when two young Chinese  to the store manager about price gouging. It looks like it’s not only the police and military who are AUTHORITARIAN THUGS in modern-day China! #Coronavirus 
Kudlow on CNBC today. Cramer's question at 3:10  …… Summary: Cramer, 80% if US pharma from China, 48 Pharma plants in Wuhan. The US will start running out of Pharma in 3 weeks. Cramer asked Kudlow to tell Trump to intervene. Anyone got a link for this?
I think two big triggers for india in the  could be: 1. Resolution of telcos 2. Scrappage policy 3. Possibly some USA india trade deal given china All capable of huge economic positive impact. Watch out to see if at all these happen
China's government has already shut down independent domestic journalism. Now it is attacking foreign journalists. Chinese leaders are so fearful of free information, they soon will be governing in the dark, choosing political survival over wise policy.  
Black-throated Tit. Hint, hint - Taiwan is not China, visitors are very  here. Birding tours are running as normal. See US/UK travel advice:  …  … 
Modi-Trump meet: How India can position itself as an alternative to China.  …
Amazing! 1,000 #masks in just one minute! This factory in Guangzhou, South China's #Guangdong Province, is using high-speed automated technology to produce masks amid the novel #coronavirus outbreak. 
wanna know how “progressive” someone is? just ask them what they think of china.
What Are We Having Today In China? 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 
Trump's historic India visit will send key signals to China, Pakistan 
stop blaming China for minuscule gay representation when y’all know the US audience is part of the problem too  …
China 'deliberately delaying' IAF flight to evacuate Indians: Sources via ⁦  …
Share in global milk production: India: 2017: 21.3% 1970: 5.3% U.S: 2017: 11.8% 1970: 13.5% Brazil: 2017: 4.0% 1970: 1.8% China: 2017: 4.21% 1970: 0.5% France: 2017: 3.05% 1970: 5.82% Germany: 2017: 3.9% 1970: 7.18% Pakistan: 2017: 5.34% 1970: 1.9% (FAO)
Inside one of China’s isolation camps #coronavirus #Covid19 #SARSCoV2  … – at National Institutes of Health (NIH)
The rainforest in Brazil has increasingly fallen victim to a global demand for soy and beef, especially from China. Grantees @melissakchan and Heriberto Araújo report on the harmful effects of the supply chain for 
China reports fall in coronavirus cases, says economy resilient, but infections rising elsewhere  
WTF! We have explosions of #Coronavirus cases in #Iran, #Italy, #SKorea, #Japan. Now #Australia opens the gates to potentially infected people from #China by allowing them to fly into Australia. What is wrong with these govt people? #Pandemic  …
Jenniebar & China Jensetters have raised 1,800,000 RMB for BLACKPINK’s new album. #JENNIE #제니 #BLACKPINK 
'Don't be kidnapped by China': Taiwan tells WHO in bid for separate virus tally #Taiwan  …
As usual, Indian Media apes western one. Pre-coverage of @realDonaldTrump visit is so negative & as usual, @BJP4India  is nil: Isn't time to position India as the viable economic & geopolitical alternative to China? USA remains most powerful nation in world
The deadly coronavirus outbreak has halted China's production of consumer goods like phones, clothing, and automobiles. Amid the public health crisis, global businesses like Apple, Amazon, and Facebook are starting to take a hit. 
1st, they are fighting the radical left. They want to defend freedom. 2nd, by Park Won-soon's reasoning, why isn't he prohibiting crowded Seoul subway? And why won't he suggest to Moon to ban entry of visitors from China? Oh, b/c he said he wants more visitors from China.  …
April 2020: China detonates a hydrogen bomb in Wuhan in order to stem the spread of the coronavirus
Remember when I asked if any studies have been done on mass, prolonged exposure to disinfectant??? Mass animal die-off in China due to disinfectants, authorities say  …
7,600 people returned to #California after visiting China during the outbreak of the #coronavirus *& they have been asked to quarantine themselves at home.* If it's anything like asking people to be responsible and use a toilet to poop, we're in  …
Swarms of locusts darken the skies in Bahrain as they move eastward toward China. The pests have been responsible for devastating crops in parts of Africa, and the UN warned that the locusts were placing “millions at risk of hunger”  
#BernieIsARussianAsset is a soviet flag waver, I'm sure Russia & China would LOVE Bernie, Warren, Bloomberg, Biden, or any US lefty to be POTUS & impose slave level taxes & regs. I'm still laughing over the irony of projection of leftist ideology to the other side tho 
The World's 7.5 Billion People, in One Chart This chart resizes the world's countries based on population, while organizing them based on region #China & #India #demographics #worklife #motivation #FutureofWork #Leadership  …
. @IngrahamAngle reports #CoronaVirus outbreak in Iran it’s not related to China. 
Last warning for Pak to end financing of terrorists #HafizSaeed, #MasoodAzhar & #DawoodIbrahim or face blacklist at #FATF’s next plenary in June 2020 (when, incidentally,  its 1-year term as president of FATF) 
Question to China: Why are they creating roadblock in evacuating India nationals from Wuhan and putting them under hardship and mental agony? Families of Indian Nationals who are still stranded in Wuhan are under tremendous mental anguish.
Sources say there are relief and evacuation flights from other countries which are still going to China. Why is the Chinese government delaying clearance for the Indian relief flight? Are they not interested in Indian aid provided as our token of support?
#BREAKING: China deliberately delaying grant of clearance for Indian evacuation flight. China yet to grant clearance to the flight carrying relief supplies which will bring back remaining Indians. Indians continue their long wait for the flight which will evacuate them to India.
I almost never share Mainstream Media, but when I do it is because it's Tucker Carlson, & it is because you need to watch it. How the USA was sold to China, & how Michael Bloomberg is implicated in all of this. Excellent reporting @TuckerCarlson 
Made in China A piece of crap falsely claiming it disinfects you of the coronavirus in twenty seconds!  …
The crisis is China is going to badly impact many industries in India. India depends a lot on China for machines, equipment, raw materials, electronics, motors, body parts, etc. @narendramodi ji, we should utilize this time to skill people and create manufacturing hubs in India.
6. Update: China's newly cured coronavirus patients continued to outnumber new infections for a 4th consecutive day. As of 21 Feb, Hubei, the epicenter province of the outbreak, reported 366 new cases. 18 provinces reported ZERO new cases.
Only in China: Medical SWAT teams with riot shields and dog-catcher nets practicing to catch a person with coronavirus symptoms. H/T  …
My Column 17th Oct| @the_hindu | India needs to react to US foreign policy contradictions rather than celebrating individual leaders bonhomie & confusing it with diplomatic “breakthroughs”|No Trade deal,Afghan Crisis,US-Russia tensions, China’s grip on neighbours r new realities 
As per 1947 Indian partition agreement, 20% is Pakistan's share because the gold still existed in the land then. China should help. ~ PM Imran Khan "Goldmines with over 3,000 tonnes of gold ore found in Indian state of Uttar Pradesh; this is 5 times India's current reserve."
Gotta wonder if China didn't like the idea/visuals of an Indian military transport aircraft - that too a C-17 - involved (PRC spox stmt seemed to want to see diffrnt way to evacuate Indians). Seems a bit petty if they're deliberately delaying  ppl weren't helping  …
And China.
Swarms of locusts darken the skies in Bahrain as they move eastward toward China. The pests have been responsible for devastating crops in parts of Africa, and the UN warned that the locusts were placing “millions at risk of hunger.”  
#coronavirus Yichun, Jiangxi, China. Protesters in front of the bank, Chinese people can’t access their money, funds are frozen due to failing financial institution. Is this a beginning of the #coronavirus related global financial crisis? (Video by 
CHINA KNOWS MORE THAN THEY ARE TELLING. WHAT COULD MAKE US SHUT DOWN OUR CITIES LIKE THIS? A modern-day “I Am Legend” Is there anyone out there? ChinaPneumonia #coronavirus  #SaturdayMorning
“The cases that we see in the rest of the world, although the numbers are small, but not linked to Wuhan or China, it’s very worrisome,” the director-general of the W.H.O. said Friday. “These dots are actually very concerning.” 
#Shanghai, #Shandong, #Hunan and other areas, rate of resumption of work has topped 80%, #China Commerce Ministry says as noted by @chengevelyn. #Guangdong, #Jiangsu and other major foreign trade provinces, the resumption of work has been rapidly increasing, it  …
S. KOREA CONSIDERING A TRAVEL BAN FOR ALL FLIGHTS FROM CHINA - YONHAP
China is on lockdown. 800 million people are staying inside. Public life  to a halt. That's twice the USA's population in self-quarantine. The media elites are ignoring it. The stock market is ignoring it. There's a  We better get serious.
Regarding the tweet below, the Puerto Rico Health Dept says no patients on the island have met the criteria for testing for coronavirus. The case mentioned below involves a patient who arrived on the island from China; that person doesn't have coronavirus, says  …
"Does Canada honestly want to send the profits from billions of dollars of 5G installation to China’s Huawei, a dishonest and dissembling corporate entity that is digitally facilitating Xi Jinping’s ever strengthening program of political repression?"  …
When you died due to Corona virus and again born in China. 
Kenya Airways has lost $8 million in passenger and cargo revenue nearly one month since it suspended flights to China as a precaution against the deadly Coronavirus outbreak. —Business daily
NEC Director Larry Kudlow Discusses, Coronavirus, China and U.S. Economy…  
But most infected ones are pro-CCP people, who usually travel to China Have Carrie Lam ever think of what if these people are all die in the epidemic .....? 
A plant in South Dakota is working overtime to make face masks to help ease the shortage in China due to the 
3. More & more good news  As of 21 Feb, a total of 20659 people have been cured & discharged from hospital in China's mainland. On 21 Feb alone, 2393 cured cases were newly reported, 26441 close contacts were relieved from medical observation.
China is deliberately delaying grant of clearance: Official sources on delay in sending IAF flight to Wuhan to bring back more Indians
He's such a fucking liar! That deal with China NEVER happened yet he said it was signed? BS!!! Now this?  …
Govt sources: China deliberately delaying grant of clearance for evacuation flight to bring back remaining Indians from Wuhan. Flight is also carrying relief supplies. These supplies have been offered even as india faces tremendous shortage itself. 1/n
2. Update: The number of cured cases is 9 times than that of fatal ones. As of 21 Feb,total confirmed cases were 76288(2345 fatal, 20659 cured). There were 53284 confirmed cases(11477 severe), 5365 suspected cases in China. 618915 people were traced, 113564 are under observation.
I keep thinking about the types of revenge in MXTX, mainly og!LBH's vs. HX's and WWX's, and the cultural context surrounding this. In ancient China, LBH's "revenge for self," as opposed to HX's and WWX's "revenge for family," would have been  differently.
Coming up @SenTomCotton raises the questions about China & coronavirus that need answers ASAP. #IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
Tesla Model 3 All Variants Sold Out In Most European Countries For Q1 2020. The same is also true of China-made Model 3s, sold out for Q1 deliveries back in early January. Hopefully the 2 markets can make up for the seasonally soft Q1 sales in the US.  …
[Article] @BTS_twt -New album Map of the Soul: 7 tops iTunes charts around the world in 91 countries -Single 'ON' reaches #1 in 83 countries -'ON' tops all 5 major realtime charts in SKorea -330k digital albums sold in China
Latest developments of the #CoronavirusOutbreak: - South Korea reports 142 more confirmed cases - Italy reports its first coronavirus death - At least 2,300 dead in China - The jump in infections outside China raises alarm More @business :  
South Korea  the country apart from #China with the most confirmed cases within a few days. They recorded 142 cases on Saturday morning, bringing the total number of cases to 346.  南韓新冠肺炎確診新增142例累計346例-014241630.html
The coronavirus outbreak that began in China has infected more than 77,000 people globally, @AP 
Was Coronavirus used to depopulate China? It is interesting that it exploded just after DAVOS! In my Opnion Climate Change has NOTHING to do with weather! It’s Population! Coronavirus: Japan is ‘next Wuhan’ as Tokyo Marathon is cancelled due to virus  …
How China owns Australia after buying infrastructure, land and water  via @MailOnline
Photography on the frontlines: How China is tightening control of how it is seen, at home and abroad  … @cpjasia @IFJAsiaPacific @cmphku @fcchk @FreedomofPress @worldphotoorg
China watching uneasily as Germany picks Angela Merkel’s successor - Norbert Rottgen,a fierce China hawk in German Parliament has entered the contest to be the ruling CDU party’s next chairman ⁦ @TheLastRefuge2⁩ ⁦ @Avery1776⁩ ⁦  …
What always amazes me is this myopic, almost feverish focus on Russia while utterly ignoring the far greater risk from China. China - 2nd largest economy in the world. Nominal GDP of $14.2 trillion. Russia - 11th largest economy in the world. Nominal GDP of $1.6 trillion.  …
China lied. People died.  …
—New cases of the coronavirus spike in Iran and South Korea —Clusters of the virus are found in China’s prisons —Coronavirus cases in the U.S. reach 34, and more are expected Latest updates: 
#China’s official #coronavirus figures have continued to increase over the past 24 hours with around 400 new infections and 109 more deaths. Total infections now 76,394; additional probably infected 5,365; recovered 20,701; deaths 2,348.
Australia: Philip Wen will  the first Australian journalist to be deported from China in 70 years, the latest point of contention in the already fraught China-Australia bilateral relationship. h/t @fryan  
Chinese UFC champion Weili Zhang is scheduled to arrive in Las Vegas tonight, per her manager Brian Butler ( @BrianButler_Au). Long road to UFC 248 due to coronavirus, China-Thailand-AbuDhabi-Vegas. But her title fight with Joanna Jedrzejczyk is on.
#JO1FMinOsaka - Flower Stand I was so happy to see a lot of Flower Stand from International JAMs. - JO1 Daily International - Indonesia JAMs - Arab JAMs - Thai JAMs And countless of China JAMs as well. I hope JO1 can feel they are also loved globally 
Beijing, likes other cities in China, the final result in the video if anyone doesn't wear a mask. 
The disappearance of tens of thousands of flights from China’s skies due to the coronavirus 
It is said this is in #Chongqing , #China, man needs to visit grandson. Building gate locked during #CoronavirusOutbreak. He chooses to try his luck by jumping to the air cushion...Some say it is not inflated. I don’t know. .. #COVID19 
Artificial Intelligence Andrew Yang: China is spending federal-level money on AI. We  unless we do the same. This is a matter of national security. Elon Musk: AI could  dangerous & scary. The rest of us: Look, an app uses AI to put a mustache on Pete. Haha.
This is the most real I've been about China, I can't make money from this video but I don't care, it's very important to watch this if you can over on the SerpentZA YouTube channel  …
Something has to change. What else can we do? I know, vote. I always volunteer - it doesn't seem enough. Neither does marching unless massive and continuous and disruptive as in China. How to save our elections? Our Constitution? Our country?
Thank you @jimcramer for telling about our vulnerability @DanRDimicco @Did You Ever Think That 80% of Our Drugs Originated in China?  … @c5hardtop1999 @BoycottHegemony @RealMoney @AmeriMadeHeroes @DebbieAAldrich @MauraMoynihan1 @j_toomey1
last year, there is barely any ads during seunghun’s birthday. but this year, there already few from fansites, from china fans where this big and soon we going to see some that fans worked hard for from fan n star tysm for loving seunghun 
CCP treats the people as slaves, but not citizens, people in China have no power And the usual way for CCP to tackle a problem, is to eliminate the one who rise the problem 
#QatarAirways donated anti-epidemic materials to #China in five planes using a green channel. 
Dear Numbnuts, THIS IS SOCIALISM! Aren’t you opposed to socialism? The money is being paid by Americans, NOT China, Mexico (NOT paying for the wall either), Canada and others. Do us a solid, Cadet Babyfingers. RESIGN. TODAY. Regards, America  …
The WHO-led team of international experts currently in China to investigate the novel #coronavirus outbreak will travel to China's Wuhan, the epicenter of the epidemic, on Saturday 
China sees its daily number of newly cured and discharged novel coronavirus patients surpass that of new confirmed infections for the fourth consecutive day  
The total number of confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus in China now stands at 76,288 as the death toll reaches 2,345  
There's a kteam leading the move, china alliance, japan team, wingsforx1 and international union  from all over the world. We are uniting into one working together for X1. This fandom is very organized and strong. #GoAllOutForX1 #ParadeForX1Unit @x1official101
Human lives and human rights of people are ignored by the China Communists. Whoever wants to help its people may be expelled or persecuted and donations are forfeited by the officials. 
WELP ------------- Population Density Hubei Province China: 310/km2 (820/sq mi) Population Density South Korea: 507/km2 (1,313.1/sq mi) ------------------- Wuhan, the center of the outbreak is in Hubei Province
Bad Beijing news: Phil Wen will soon  the first accredited Australian journalist deported from China in the PRC’s 70+ year history. The Morrison government has expressed its unhappiness with the PRC’s embassy in Canberra  …
The actual numbers would be shocking and domino effect is happening due to collapse of medical system, failure in quarantine and corruption in resources for its people. China doesn’t care human lives but just wants to save face, secure political stability and economic figures. 
92 new cases linked to hospital Expect South Korea to go offline soon like China Inside of 2 months is my best guess Let's hope I'm wrong  …
How our use of face masks affects  and empathy  … #HongKong #China #coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #Covid19
#Science and #Tech R&D spend in #China has increased 10x since 2000 >>> @wef via @MikeQuindazzi >>> #Innovation #AI #IoT #DataScience #Robotics #Drones #mpgvip #EmergingTech #EmergingMarkets >>>  
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Feb 20 wrote back to Bill Gates and appreciated the support from Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in China's fight against #COVID19.  
More than 20,000 recovered patients of coronavirus infection discharged in China 
Head of WHO worries about #Coronavirus cases outside of China that have “no clear epidemiological link, such as travel history to or contact with a confirmed case.”  
Communist China is now w/holding basic needs (gas/electricity/food) from its citizens unless they agree 2 hourly temp monitoring! People dragged out of their homes by police & body bags full of the dead!  2 socialism #kag 
Thread - things that have changed in China due to the Corona Virus. A lot of people have been asking about what it's like over here in Shanghai. Here's a list of the things I have noticed that have changed since the outbreak.
It would be great if China would report all of the cases they have data on - even if not fitting the official case count definition. What would be equally/more as useful is if they’d report how many negative tests they are obtaining so we could have a rate to work with.  …
Take care ELF... And someone had mentioned, wear mask when you go to see members on musical, drama shooting, airport etc, or better avoid crowded places time being. "South Korea  most infected country outside China for coronavirus as cases spike"  …
This is bad. We also need to start allow clinicians to request tests for their patients who have pneumonia and just returned from China (non-Hubei), but are currently denied. I know a MN pediatrician/family who has been clamoring to get pneumonia tested but to no avail.
Stay home, don't get sick, get back to work! — China faces a conundrum: bring people back to work, and risk a second spike in infections; or keep them at home, and watch businesses crash.  …
Friday's coronavirus summary (00-00 GMT): -China: 397 new cases, 109 dead -South Korea: 96 cases, 1 dead -Italy: 16 cases, 1 dead -Japan: 14c -Iran: 13c, 2d -California: 2c -UAE: 2c -Taiwan: 2c -Australia: 2c (cruise) -Canada: 1c -Singapore: 1c -Lebanon: 1c -Israel: 1c (cruise)
We need to broaden the clinical case definition for screening and testing of travelers outside of China. “The coronavirus is picking up steam outside China, narrowing chances of eliminating it”  …
Allowing 100% foreign ownership in "public services" solidifies our status as a neo-colony. Oh how easy it will be for China or the US to install a puppet president in 2022 when they control everything including  and broadcasting. Automated polls pa more?  …
I just attended a “leftist event” on US- #China relations & they claim to be “against imperialism & pro #Muslim” yet they defended the #CCP’s colonization & #genocide of #Uyghur & other Turkic Muslims in #EastTurkistan as necessary to counter “US imperialism.” Complete 
Hundreds of Chinese blocked the bank's headquarters in order to get their money back. This is the first bank in #China that has problems caused by #coronavirus. The beginning of a financial 
By pushing global investors to buy Chinese bonds, Mike Bloomberg may as well be Xi's personal banker. Considering the fact China is America's top geopolitical foe, this alone is disqualifying of him ever being President. He'll keep selling out Americans to make profits in China
What's in there? Chinese people staying at home during the novel #coronavirus outbreak  up with some neat tricks to take awesome #selfies by looking inside a washing machine, a potato chip bag or a fridge. #COVID19 #China 
Finally. China set to clamp down permanently on wildlife trade in wake of coronavirus #ConservationOptimism  
Who's side is Mike Bloomberg on? By putting Chinese bonds into his bond indices in 2019, $100 billion of inflows into China are expected. Xi can use this money to incarcerate Muslims, expand his military, and  to steal American jobs.  …
BREAKING: China has confirmed their participation in March's European tournaments CBA: "We would like to explain that members of the Chinese Badminton Team are healthy and that no one is infected or suspected of being infected."  …
Coronavirus update: - 77,812 cases worldwide - 10,846 being tested - 2,360 fatalities - 11,529 in serious/critical condition - 20,867 recovered - Most cases in China - Growing number in South Korea - 29 countries reporting cases
#BREAKING Drop in new China virus cases as toll reaches 2,345: govt, South Korea reports 142 more cases 
No reason to believe the #coronavirus is “contained” in #China. The numbers they are releasing are fake. Their primary goal isn’t addressing the virus,it’s their global image. We have no idea what the true numbers are but they are without a doubt higher than what they admit to.
(Bloomberg) --South Korea reported 142 more confirmed cases of coronavirus & death of second patient, as jump in number of infections outside China raises alarm among global health officials who say window of opportunity to prevent outbreak from turning into a pandemic closing.”
4. #COVID19: The explanation for the latest readjustment of China's numbers is found here. Thanks again, @ronankelly13.  …
China reports major drop in new virus cases to 397  
#BREAKING South Korea confirms 346 people in the country infected with coronavirus. Forget about China and their faked "official" numbers of cases. This virus is spreading incredible fast.
#LATEST on #COVID19 outbreak in China, as of Feb 21: - 76,288 confirmed cases in Chinese mainland - 2,345 deaths - 20,659 discharged from hospital 
Just received letter from Archibishop of Canterbury Justin Welby. He expresses sympathy and support for China, says the government and people of China have been much in his prayers and offers his ongoing support to China to fight #COVID19. Most appreciative of his kind 
China confirms 397 new cases of novel coronavirus infection and 109 deaths on Friday  
Number of new virus cases in last half-day in South Korea: 142 Number of new virus cases in last full day in all of China outside Hubei province: 31
Coronavirus: Uighur activist draws attention to Xinjiang plight amid China outbreak  … @JewherIlham #China #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus #COVID19 #COVID #Xinjiang #Uighur
More than 100 wild animals drop dead near coronavirus epicentre in China after workers 'sprayed too much disinfectant' 
No sub-Saharan African country has evacuated their citizens from China’s Hubei province at the center of the coronavirus outbreak and thousands stranded are running short of supplies and morale  via @josianekouagheu @ebiryabarema 
Equities aren’t divorced from earnings after all. If China powers the world (its demand & manu) then by that logic it being partially shutdown by 1 month (Sunday is 23 Feb & Wuhan shutdown 23 Jan) is going to show up in balance sheets. What about March? April? 1/12 or 1/6 or 1/4?  …
Communists no longer rule Russia  is considered a failed political adventure by the Russian people. So Bernie Sanders couldn't move to Russia to experience it. Now he COULD move to China, or better yet...to North Korea! Venezuela?
There is a 6th case of coronavirus confirmed in BC (the 9th in Canada) and health officials are surprised to learn that the woman had only visited Iran, not China #covid19 @MegsBatchelor reports  
China again changes coronavirus reporting criteria as Italy confirms first death from the virus 
China’s massive effort  the coronavirus has resulted in hospitals turning away other patients in dire need of care across the country, a kind of triage on a national scale and a monumental logistical and ethical challenge. New story:  …
Opinion: "I was expelled from China for my reporting, too. It’s part of a larger strategy." 
1. #COVID19: China's Feb. 21 numbers are out. 397 new cases, 109 new deaths. The official totals are now 76,288 confirmed & 2345 deaths. There are also 5365 suspect cases, and I don't know if that means results pending, never tested but probably Covid-19 or a mix of the 2. 
#US Trump -concerned outbreak in US could hurt his reelection -unwilling to criticize China’s response to outbreak -worried drastic action could spook markets & hurt economy WH concerns: unable to quarantine large numbers of people in US in  …
The 30,000 hospital beds China is adding in Wuhan in the next four days is 75 times the total number of official new cases yesterday in all of China  …
BREAKING: Coronavirus deaths in China rise to 2,345
China new cases update: we're back to the low numbers 314 new cases in Wuhan 52 new cases in all of Hubei outside Wuhan 31 new cases in all of China outside Hubei 109 new fatalities  …
Yahoo Sources: Free agent guard Lance Stephenson seeking return to NBA following season in China where he averaged 26.7 points, 7.4 rebounds and shot 52 percent from field. He’s willing to work out to prove his value.
Yes—and for several reasons. Chiefly it’s because DC has been funded to the hilt with Russia hawks, while the same donors don’t want to jeopardize the money they’re making in China.  …
The most frustrating part about all the "Russia" stuff is that  overshadows the far greater threat to the U.S.: China
I wonder if they kept the scene in china or other countries where anything LGBTQ related is seen as taboo or even illegal
Shifting to Russia bc he's friends w the dictator in China eh? 
[RTRS] 21 Feb - CHINA  VICE GOVERNOR SAYS CORONAVIRUS' IMPACT ON CHINA'S ECONOMY IS SHORT-TERM, LIMITED - STATE TV lol
When  to see a girl, even a girl of poor family deck herself her in jewelry and silk saree. Even if that’s the only silk saree that she has! Her mom borrows costly China set for tea from the neighbor. That’s smartness!. Such high virtuous stands aren’t for the poor!  …
At some point China has to get back to work and we have to return to trading with them. As does the US. This epidemic has highlighted (again) how dependent we are. Virus will continue on because it is so widspread and no1 has immunity AFAWK. Then it will be exported again. 2/2
I am going to write slowly about how peasants were treated during ROC era(which was right before CCP took over the power) in China.
China SMI. These guys designed the PMI before it was sold to Markit. They found that sales managers are higher up the chain than purchasing managers, so you get an even earlier read. 
Special edition Bolivia (1825-1826) + Reformed Government of the Republic of China = Reformed Government of the Republic of Bolivia: 
@appledaily_hk got a confidential document which written by Office of the #HongKong Chief Executive, revealed China control the masks supplies in the city, it also revealed #CarrieLam’s political wrestling with pro #CCP camp. Vid @appledaily_hk Close captioned by @RealHKNews  
Plot twist, can you imagine if the #Coronavirus was one of the black market sales that #Hillary sold on her unsecured server? Can you imagine if that’s 1 of the missing 33,000 emails? Selling lab made bioweapons to #China.... It’s in the realm of possibility in this insane  …
BREAKING: China #badminton team confirmed for  HSBC BWF World Tour tournaments in Europe. Players are in United Kingdom training. MORE:  #WorldTour #Coronavirus 
can't wait for the next turn of xenophobia and for america to return to blaming china for everything in our country they don't like. just a dial that switches from russia to arabic countries to china and back to russia again
But in China?  …
The way that China stops and arrests a #coronavirus suspect on the 
A new study estimates that ⅔ of #Coronavirus cases exported from mainland #China remains undetected worldwide. This potentially leaves sources of human-to-human transmission around the world unchecked, the study concluded.  …
Life of a Wudang Disciple: Wudang Mountain located in Shiyan city, C China's Hubei Province, attracts many foreign Kungfu students. But how have their lives changed since the novel #Coronavirus outbreak began? Let's find 
"I deeply appreciate the act of generosity of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and your letter of solidarity to the Chinese people at such an important moment," Xi Jinping replies to Bill Gates, who has pledged support in China's #COVID19 fight  
China coronavirus outbreak: All the latest updates  …
Over 70 coronavirus evacuees in Ukraine were greeted with burned tires and objects being thrown at the buses carrying them. They were headed to a two-week quarantine after arriving from China. 
Pakistan's continued support for terrorism helps Pakistan army and BJP. It also helps China to keep them under it's thumb. Who are the loses? Pakistan's masses who keep  poorer every year to sustain it's expensive army in power.
Even if the virus outbreak proves to be no more than a blip, the 2020s are unlikely to treat Apple well in China 
How does that work in China, ODNI Director?  …
I'm still mad at Russia for getting China into the WTO, & for saying Iraq had WMD, & for keeping us in Afghanistan for all these years, & for repealing Glass Steagall, & for blowing the housing bubble, & for...
Of course Trump lied about his Agriculture trade deal with China U.S. Dept of Ag official said China may end up buying just $14B in farm products through September, so the total amount of sales for the year was to be short of the $40B Trump had promised  …
Iran be like: We have confirmed cases, but we don't report them, because they don't have a link to China.  …
 "U.S Intel" isn't warning us that China is trying to help get Bloomberg elected?
3,046 stocks on the MSCI AC World index, 2,198 have revenue exposure from China
Researchers from @MRC_Outbreak estimate that 270 cases of the virus being exported from China have gone undetected by countries' virus screening programs —meaning there are possible cases of human-to-human transmission overseas going on unchecked  …
Seems #coronavirus is beginning to spread across China and the world ... ‘This outbreak could go in any direction’  … via 
China has the smartest students in the world, according to this @OECD study of school-aged children in 79 
NEW: The U.S. defense secretary took part in a classified drill (nuclear strikes) at U.S. Strategic Command this week. While at Strategic Command officials also briefed Esper about the nuclear arsenals of North Korea, Russia, and China - Defense One
My latest Update Video is out for Feb 21, 2020. In it I discuss the epidemics now raging in S. Korea, Japan and Iran, as well as the ominous "second infection" cases being reported out of China.  …
There are STILL  in from China unabated check for yourself. @realDonaldTrump close the borders stop the flights! #coronavirus #SARSCoV19 
that’s not capitalism! the economy doesn’t work that way! there’s not enough money for that! shrieked the crowds who euphorically celebrated mexico paying for the wall and believed china pays tariffs
It is with great sadness that I must announce: China’s Excel spreadsheet operator has died of the coronavirus, for the second time.
Taiga(Red-throated) Flycatcher(F) still present in the garden most days: another month or so and we shall be bidding her goodbye as she heads north to Russia/China. 
This is quite fun - my podcast discussion with China Unscripted. It's over a year old but it's quite entertaining #China #CCP  …
WE KNOW Trump sought election CHEATING help from CHINA & UKRAINE. Am I the only one who thinks it's disingenuous of THE PRESS to ACT like they DON'T know TRUMP ASKED Russia for help, rather than Russia WISHES to help him? Gimme a break! Deja Vu
"Our' farmers received a #socialist package to help them out of the catastrophe caused by #tradeWar with China #FarmAid benefited those already rich, sorta like #GOPTaxScam Would that make the #GOP brand #oligarchy #kleptocracy or #Fascist?  … #wtpTEAM
Just to give you two  China produces a key input into the ink used to print dollar bills, and the raw dye used for U.S. army regular and camouflage uniforms.  …
I'm going through one small database on products sourced in China. We are so screwed.
*except in China  …
Spring always brings along a lively vibe saturated by seas of colorful blooming flowers. Take a look at this collection of flower blossoms from across China, and enjoy the  new season. 
Peak gold Possible? What happens to gold price when US rates also move close to zero, USD starts bear mkt, US equity prices top and US unemployment starts to rise? While at same time China cuts rates to further boost liquidity in a contracting economy. Maybe new all time highs. 
Golden pheasants (金鸡), also known as Red Belly Pheasants (红腹锦鸡), Chinese pheasants and rainbow pheasants, are the birds native to forests in mountainous areas in Sichuan, Shaanxi, Guangxi, Guizhou and Yunnan provinces in China. 
A surge in coronavirus cases and deaths in Iran is raising concern because the outbreak can’t be traced directly back to China 
Please @DaveSharma tell @ScottMorrisonMP @JoshThomas87 we will not tolerate this Govt selling off our farm. This latest bid for our  by Communist China is unconscionable & agri-suicide. We will not forgive @LiberalAus if it continues to sell off our country.
Venezuelan kids Asly, Catiana, Kenyerli and other children show their drawings in support of China and its fight against pneumonia caused by novel 
UNETHICAL Mike Bloomberg To Buy Ad Space In Your Dream  … He will use cutting edge technology which became available to him because of his close ties to Communist China The sonic pulses from electric devices create narratives once REM sleep is reached
CHINA LEADS WHILE TRUMP FIDDLES AND AMERICA BURNS... A real leader sees the future and turns it into now. Trump sees only the past which condemns the future. China’s Solar Industry May Grow 50% This Year, Group Says  …
NEW: Amid an alarming surge in cases with no clear link to China, infectious disease experts believe the coronavirus outbreak may soon be impossible to contain. SK, Singapore, Iran, Lebanon, Canada. w @carolynyjohnson @thewanreport 
Death Angel - China The Godless State & Christian Persecution China continues to persecute Christian's in  regime. Great short film by @316Exposure A great  …
Three overseas Chinese students discuss how China “lost the gamble” trying to control the outbreak quietly and why the #coronavirus crisis could serve as “an awakening 
On 2/14, #XiJinping  about accelerating #biosafety legislation at the Committee for National Reform. Could #China’s tightening safety in #P4 labs imply possible leak of #coronavirus? Here's the China Angle with Simone: PREMIERE 6:30PM EST:  
Prison Sentence of Pastor Shows China Feels Threatened by Christianity 
Positive economic signs are showing a boost to American manufacturing. USMCA and Phase I of the China Trade Deal should continue this trend. 
Big Launch. Lots of press. Made in China, not the US. 7 months of silence. Not available anywhere. Always be grifting. 
Got it. Table 4 in the appendix. Teheran connectivity  air travel from Guangzhou, China. 
“The trade war between China and the United States, coupled with the Coronavirus, are creating essentially a double-whammy on the Chinese.” @Heritage China expert Dean Cheng on the economic pressures on China 
“They came in and started snatching [things]. What is this behavior?” the shop owner said. Surveillance footage of local officials allegedly looting a grocery store in a city within #China’s #Coronavirus epicenter has triggered a wave of anger online.  …
Bloomberg’s China Apologetics Should Disqualify Him from the Presidency |  via 
No, we are not going to die. I've seen very promising results on antivirals and immunomodulators that can arrest the cytokine storms from clinical data in China. Meds are not exotic, but they are re-purposed.
What we've all been working towards: "China set to clamp down permanently on wildlife trade in wake of coronavirus"  …
Trump administration announced Tuesday a $12 billion emergency aid package for farmers caught in the middle of his ongoing and escalating trade wars with China, Europe, Canada and Mexico.
Trump is once again lying about his asinine trade war with China, claiming in an all-caps Twitter rant that new aid for farmers will be paid with "tariff  into the USA". This, of course, is not how tariffs work. Here's the truth: 
Great interviewing @lindyli and hearing about her family’s harrowing experience in #Communist #China  
More on Mike Bloomberg’s sellout to Red China. Clearly, Bloomberg is Communist China’s favorite presidential candidate.  …
Gateway to a Daoist temple in North China (1897, Jiexiu), covered with "peacock blue," a turquoise glaze introduced from West Asia to China as early as the 14th century and getting popular ever since. The most lavish use of the color can be seen in Samarkand and Isfahan. 
The @WHO says it is "very worrisome" that the 2 deaths and 13 confirmed cases of the #coronavirus in Iran have no direct link to Wuhan, China 
The latest photo essay on @chinafile: Photographer "Ali" has been following a group of Hui students for the past 5 years. The students grew up in China then went abroad for further Islamic education. They might be the last group able to do so. 
It's cool, I'm sure there are no deals vis-a-vis China and Bloomberg LP. No conflicts of interest here.  …
Iranian authorities have reported 18 cases of novel coronavirus and four deaths in two days, WHO says. While the number of cases of novel coronavirus is small, WHO is "concerned about the number of cases with no clear link or travel to China." 
With CoVs, it was always a matter of when, not if. This underlines the ongoing need to understand CoV evolution to develop countermeasures. Bats In China Carry 400+ Coronaviruses With The Potential To Spill Over Into Humans : Goats and Soda : NPR  …
Iran is in the middle of the IDVI (96/195: close to Indonesia, better than the Phillipines). But their public health score is good. So not a place you’d expect an epidemic? The biggest problem is political: ideological hubris and authoritarianism. Very similar to China?
Vancouver’s Chinese restaurants are empty amid coronavirus fears. If misinformation is to blame, so is China’s  …
Please @ScottMorrisonMP @JoshFrydenberg do not allow the Communist Chinese Govt to buy Dairy Farmers. We won’t trust the quality of our milk. More Dad & Mum farmers will suffer. We know we can’t trust  or China. When will Govt wake up & stop selling off our farm?
BREAKING: Italy orders mass closures after #coronavirus cases quadruple. Officials ordered schools, public buildings, restaurants and coffee shops to close. The emergency  as a cluster of new COVID19 infections emerged, including some who had not been to China (DW) 
Ponzi Alibaba cofounder Joe Tsai owns NBA team Brooklyn Nets. He has a Paul Tsai China Center at Yale after donating $30M to the university. Alibaba now is under control of Jiang Zhicheng, grandson of China’s former President Jiang Zhemin.   …
Huangshan, the Yellow Mountains. Eastern China 
Hundreds of Chinese blocked the bank's headquarters in order to get their money back. This is the first bank in #China that has problems caused by #coronavirus. The beginning of a financial 
“Alongside trying to rewire those who have already been born, you try and prevent more births overall,” says @jleibold. China's brutal policies, further uncovered in the Qaraqash Document, show their attempt to fully erode the Uyghur identity.  …
On Feb 2, Israeli Health Ministry had banned entry of non-Israelis who had stayed in China during the previous 14 days, The Israeli Health Ministry on Sunday announced that travelers from Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong and Macau would be put in 14-day home quarantine upon arrival  …
#Coronavirus emergency in #Italy. 17 infected,containment area for 50,000. Schools, offices, factories closed, masses prohibited. Copying #communist system made of silence, lies and threats was bad idea. Government remote controlled from #China #Ccp. @GrimoldiPaolo @Marcozanni86
#Walmart, an  should move its supply chain back to the United States and Latin America--where it was prior to #China’s #WTO entry--to minimize anticipated #coronavirus-caused shortages. How can Americans "save money, live better" if store shelves are bare?
Confidential doc obtained by @appledaily_hk reveals: - #China controls #HongKong's protective gear supply -Carrie Lam blames #healthcare workers 4 the failure in managing the #nCoV2019 #COVID epidemic in HK - Lam backstabs pro #China parties Eng sub vid:  
People who are NOT helping Elizabeth Warren get elected president: Russia China Someone sitting in bed who weighs 400 pounds Billionaires Millionaires Bankers Mike Bloomberg Other men who call women "fat pigs" Savvy TV pundits Pollsters Advice: You do not want to join this list
Coronavirus: Another Factor Exposing Risks to #Iraq's Oil-based Economy. Here's my @EnergyFuse piece on Iraq which is among #China 's top crude oil supplier in the Persian Gulf.  from @AMTabaqchali, @AL_Khatteeb, data from @TankerTrackers  …
When Idris sang “Nigeria jaga jaga everything scatter scatter poor man dey suffer suffer” I guess Buhari was President then? African China did “Food no dey, water no dey our country no good o” who was President then? And the hit song, “Eyin oyinbo ewa fun mi ni visa...
SCOOP: @MikeBloomberg and @JoeBiden briefed by U.S. officials that China is trying to help their presidential campaigns, a premonition by me.  …
Bull in a china shop ? As if. Don’t think that you could find a bull in a finer spot. 
Do you know sweet potatoes are the most consumed food in rural China in the past? Hence, this efficient sweet potato cutter passed down from the older generations. 
The USA and China are countries not empires, if anything the EU is the empire who totally dominates member states for it's own corrupt purposes
China is currently in a dangerously chaotic state. And why not, when a premodern authoritarian society leaps wildly into the brave new world of high-tech science in a single generation?  …
UNTIL we work out how stop night-time, like we can climate change, then industrial solar will drive jobs to China and the West into caves. 
BREAKING: #pandemic risk for #coronavirus increases: #China braces for "a potential explosion" of #COVID19 in #Beijing after 2 hospitals quarantined, cases surge in #SouthKorea, and new cases confirmed in Iran, Italy, Israel and Lebanon.  …
#COVID19 on CNBC - The coronavirus has **morphed** and the strain in #Iran is different than in China. What?! 
The Great Wall of China, one of the greatest wonders of the world, was listed as a heritage by UNESCO in 1987. With a history of 2,700 years, Great Wall is one of the most appealing attractions all around the world owing to its architectural grandeur and historical significance. 
Tongwan City Relics is located in Jingbian County, Shaanxi Province of China.Tongwan City was built in 419 and served as the capital of Xia Kingdom (407AD - 431AD), founded by Helian Bobo of Huns. It is the only the Huns city that has ever been found in China. 
Yes it has slowed in China confirmed numbers. But there’s lots of reports of insufficient testing and underdiagnosis. It was exponential for a period of time in the first 30-40 days. China is changing case definition again so it’s hard to tell cuz 
Latest on #COVID19 - #China has enrolled 10 patients with serious symptoms into a clinical treatment through the plasma separated from patients who have recovered from #coronavirus, as these plasmas have a high concentration of antibody.  …
The White Horse Temple is located in Luoyang, Henan Province of China. It is the first Buddhist temple in China. It was established in 68 AD under the patronage of Emperor Mingdi in the Eastern Han Dynasty. Luoyang served as the capital city of Eastern Han Dynasty (25 - 220). 
Princess Nepotism is an unelected overprivileged snotnose who’s never created anything except shitty clothes made in China #TrumpCrimeFamily  …
#coronavirus found in patient here where I live in Sacramento County. Recently traveled to China. This is hitting home for me.
The Hulunbuir Grassland is located in the Inner Mongolia, China. Visitors can go horseback riding, view horse racing and attend wrestling matches in the summer. The campfire parties featuring whole-sheep feasts are very popular in the Hulunbuir Grassland. 
India hits back at China over Shah’s Arunachal visit. Our position on Arunachal Pradesh is clear & consistent. Arunachal Pradesh is an integral & inalienable part of India. Indian leaders routinely travel to the state of Arunachal Pradesh as they do to any other state of India. 
60M PEOPLE LOCKED INSIDE THEIR HOMES (TOMBS) CHINA HAS NO WAY OF KNOWING HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE SICK. THERE WAS A SHORTAGE OF TESTING KITS. ONLY PEOPLE WHO SHOW SYMPTOMS ARE ALLOWED OUT, BY THEN IT MAY BE TOO LATE. THESE CROWS FOLLOW DEATH 
1/ Trump administration puts forward a fascinating WTO proposal **CLEARLY** directed at China: "The Importance of MARKET-ORIENTED Conditions to the World Trading System" So this is new. And this is interesting. But it is MADDENINGLY INCONSISTENT with Trump's own policies...  
I wonder how much longer WHO can play pretend about all this and glad-hand China.
100% agree Wendy America is 2nd biggest killer of babies in the world. The only country that kills more helpless babies is CHINA. WTF is wrong with us? STOP MASS MURDER NOW
One of #Australia’s leading universities is offering #Chinese students A$1,500 if they travel through a 3rd country as they seek to minimize the impact of a ban on foreigners arriving from mainland #China amid the  …
On CNBC a few minutes ago. He says there’s a report that the virus morphed and the strain in Iran different than in China #coronavirus 
Most of those infected are among those evacuated by the U.S. State Department from Wuhan, China, and a cruise ship docked in Japan 
Mini Mike Bragged About Getting His ‘Busty Blonde’ Teen Daughter Dates in Every City in China  … Plz support . @realDonaldTrump 4 re-election & LauraLoomerforCongress PLEASE RETWEET
The 2nd chartered flight arranged by China's #HongKong government arrived in the city early Saturday morning, bringing back 84 HK residents from the novel #coronavirus-inflicted #DiamondPrincess cruise ship in 
Bloomberg wants to be President so we can go back to kissing China's ass.
What happens to the Giant Pandas we send back to China? This heartbreaking image is called captive and shows a Giant Panda at a breeding center in Shaanxi. China uses the Panda to improve the country's image but has no regard for well being of the animal.  
Walk away quote from USDA Outlook: Someone asked US Ag trade negotiator when should farmers expect to see sales picking up to china. We “will see it happen when a buyer and a seller agree on a contract." Just deep, profound outlook forecast stuff there.
Dawg. It's reasons like this why I canceled every trip I had planned in the next two weeks. I canceled my Japan trip in 2 weeks and I had a flight today as well. The evacuated people from China were quarantined here & then got sent to their homes this past week thru our airport  …
Mounting concerns that the #coronavirus is vastly more widespread in #China than reported has investors fleeing China and #Asia-related equities for the safety of U.S. Treasury bonds, the most secure investment in the world; this demand inevitably drives down yields.  …
There are more things to worry about than who will cook the dishes and wash the food. The entire world is on a fast pace to another level of civilisation and China is buying Africa in bits and pieces but you are pressed about who will iron the school fees.  …
China Forced To Revise Number Of Virus Cases Sharply Higher After Hubei Caught Undercounting New Infections  …
China Coronavirus numbers are attached. Of note there are new identified cases in 5 different prisons in three provinces. Despite this, the total number of cases is only 889. This is still encouraging, and a model for global response. 
Binance = fake volume. A ponzi organization built from the fees criminals pay to manifest the 95% fake volume we see today. Pawns for the 4% of addresses that own 97% of all Bitcoin. Kicked out of China for a reason. Kicked out of Japan for a reason. Die Binance.
The US Opium Wars: China, Burma & the CIA "The exiled Kuomintang (KMT) army of Li Mi was as much a proprietary of the Central Intelligence Agency as Civil Air Transport. Installed in Burma, this army was armed by the CIA, fed by the CIA, & paid by the CIA"  …
New research: anatomically modern humans have been in China since at least 130,000 years ago.  …
Many countries (including the US) are still using a case definition that requires travel to China or direct contact with a known case  …). I believe this case definition needs to be expanded given what we now know about international spread. 4/4
A significant cluster of #Covid19 cases in Italy - 17 cases in the North "..three individuals tested positive for coronavirus in Italy early Friday. The individuals had not traveled to China, marking the first instance of local transmission in Italy." 
Last year in Hotan, I stumbled across this  to see who could say "I love China! I love Hotan!" the most times. It's not far from where the latest document leak shows how Uighurs are imprisoned for the most innocuous behaviors... There's no choice but to "play." 
They sold Nitel,Nigeria Airways, Alsco. They involved in P&ID scam, Malabo OPL245, Discos&they planned to sell NNPC. But Peter Obi their VP' candidate in 2019 wanted us to copy China. Some1 shd tell him that In China,those who sold NEPA to these DISCOs wld hv bn sent to heaven.
Retail sales of passenger cars in China tumbled 92% as the coronavirus outbreak affected businesses across the country  
Russia and China and Israel and every other state with an advanced intelligence service will hack this database and steal the records, exposing millions of people to additional harms, on top of those inflicted by EU member state police.  …
Thank God @POTUS shut down travel from China right away. This is serious, folks...  …
Things I trust more than Hillary Clinton: - 4 day old ceviche - The Washington Post - Epstein's prison guard - A rabid honey badger - My grandpa doing the "half thumb" trick - China's COVID-19 statistics - Eric Cartman - Satan  …
Sacramento County reports first case of coronavirus in resident who visited China  …
Plight of the parents whose kids are stranded in China. More than 1000 Pakistani students are in Hubei. 
The disappearance of tens of thousands of flights from China’s skies in recent weeks points to how the coronavirus has hobbled a nation  
The leading group of scientists studying the coronavirus has estimated that about two-thirds of the cases exported from mainland China remain undetected, which means that there are already more than 3,000 in the rest of the world 
Are shortages of #China-made products already showing up in America? Lydia tells me that for the first time in the 19 years we have lived in Bedminster the local grocery store has run out of paper bags. And it's also short of paper containers for soup. #ProximityManufacturing
Jennie wearing a ridiculous bear scarf to the airport once and having everyone from Korea to China wanna copy her now that’s impact
I spoke about the need for the U.S. to partner with our allies to pressure China to play by the international rules of free trade at @MunSecConf. China's current course of confrontation and attack on the economies of free nations cannot be allowed to stand. 
Again. All of this was a proven hoax that you paid for in your unending desperation for power. What we do know to be a fact is that, Haiti, the CF money-laundering, Epstein Island, selling SAP's to China from your private server, SA, Evergreen, child-trafficking, etc.  …
Bloomberg’s China Apologetics Should Disqualify Him from the Presidency  …
Is it a joke? China sends docs on a cruise ship?  …
She: “Can you give me a ride? I just flew in from China.” He: “No.” 1977 Cadillac Coupe de Ville. #Cadillac 
Amazing that twitter is not freaked out about CDC stop disclosing #of PUIs. (i.e. suspected case count) We literally have worse transparency than China right now.  …
$SBES Robert Xu RockySaas/ Panshi next?  Imagine getting shares under 0.03 $SPOM $SBES $HDii 3 hottest stocks in the otc money making machines #china #USA #Canada #banktank #nasdaq #trump $SPY $SPX $TSLA $IBB $HENC $MCCX $GLTC $kWBT 
"The coronavirus is a seismic political event that undermines Mr. Xi’s promise to his citizens about a rising China... The government’s default defense is to play the nationalist card and [banish] the best reporters in the world from covering China." 
Xi Jingping: Stop China’s Yulin Festival - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange
Dear @realDonaldTrump: I SEE THAT YOU ARE, AGAIN, EMBRACING SOCIALISM. ALSO YOU DON’T SEEM TO UNDERSTAND MATH. YOUR TARIFFS ARE PAID BY US CITIZENS, NOT CHINA. THAT’S SUBTRACTION, NOT ADDITION. IT’S ALSO WHY SO MANY US FARMERS HAVE GONE BANKRUPT.  …
Captain Gaslight is still trying to convince idiots his MASSIVE $28 BILLION SOCIALISM Give-a-way was paid by China and not YOU. He’s targeting the farmers, no one else is.  …
The @WHO says it is "very worrisome" that the 2 deaths and 13 confirmed cases of the #coronavirus in Iran have no direct link to Wuhan, China 
Was the first to warn about this weeks ago. Few people said it would never happen and that we're gonna be fine with "made in USA." It doesn't work that way. Made in USA is still raw parts/resources from China in many cases.  …
Everything that is habbening in China doesn’t look like entirely like a mass virus. It looks like they’re arresting their deep state in mass. -Border shutdown -Air traffic shutdown -police not wearing protect gear -people fighting back -hospital built look like prisons
The idea that it's likely any Asian looking person has family in China, and is in contact with them, and therefore at risk of transmitting a virus to *you* is as weird as me saying you might transmit your love of potatoes to me (ugh) because you're probably Irish
Walk through #Beijing & you'd never guess you're in one of the largest cities in the world. #Coronavirus has turned #China's mighty capital into a ghost town. The kicker: the #CCP’s suppression of information exacerbated the 
The medieval Greek/Byzantine population in AD 1000 was 8-9 millions. From 1050’s constant meteoric decline started, stabilization after 1600, increase after 1750’s and Greeks became 8 millions again in 1961. 1000:China 75,Egypt 5,France 7,England 1.2...  
We cannot continue to stand idly by as China steals our cutting-edge research and intellectual property and uses it to fuel its military and economic rise. 
China’s promises in its phase one trade deal to increase purchases from the U.S. will be even tougher to fulfill as coronavirus fuels uncertainty. Insights via 
RSA Conference confirms a total of 14 sponsorship cancellations "The total number of exhibitors, including Verizon, that have canceled their participation as a sponsor or exhibitor is fourteen, including six from China; seven from the U.S.A.; and one from Canada."
Restrictions And Rewards: How China Is Locking Down Half A Billion Citizens  …
A new Harvard study shows that the gusts of wind swirling over China’s seas have the potential to power its populous coastal provinces many times over 
Green bar (local transmission) is really increasing now. Many countries reporting local cases had banned travel from China. Eg, Iran suspended all flights from China at end of Jan.  
In our analysis looking at the potential for #covid19 dispersion from China  air travel, Table 4 (in our appendix) shows Teheran in the top 10 destinations from Guangzhou, China. 
Pete Buttigieg wants to increase the number of immigrants the US takes in by over 500%. So jihadists love him. And if he'd been our president over the past 3 months as Covid 19 spread, we might be in same trouble as China now. Let's not kill ourselves for lefty pcness.
A convoy of five Qatar Airways cargo aircraft departed to China carrying 300 tonnes of medical supplies  …
I own a business that imports products from China. I paid the tariffs to get them to clear customs. I pass those taxes along to my customers here in the United States. How do people not understand this?
Despite travel restrictions, "two thirds of COVID-19 cases exported from mainland China have remained undetected worldwide". Latest report by @MRCOutbreak Imperial College London  
China's coronavirus outbreak has devastated the Asian airline industry as they stand to lose $27.8 billion of revenue this year  
Best 4 #hiphop albums of 2020 so far: 1. Royce Da 5’9" - The Allegory 2. Boldy James & The Alchemist - The Price Of Tea In China 3. The Leonard Simpson Duo - LSD 4. D Smoke - Black Habits >>>  
How the Chinese Government Scammed the Solomon Islands into walking away from Taiwan - A bribe of $11 billion and a fictitious $150 billion promise. @HuXijin_GT @AmbCuiTiankai @AmbLiuXiaoMing @AmbassadorZhang #liecheatstealbribe #china  …
Huge thank you to #QueenSofia of #Spain foundation for speaking out against this atrocious practice of skinning our donkey & wild #Burros alive in China  …
$SPOM mm/shorts pure manipulationthis float is getting lock solid fill my bids mofos watch for massive shortsqueeze #china #USA #Canada #banktank #nasdaq #trump $SPY $SPX $TSLA $MCCX $GLTC $kWBT $CYIO $SBES $HDii $MYFT $ACRL $TTCM $ZMRK $HENC SHORTS NOW 
My good friend, @jonsbass, tells me that, due to the #CoronavirusOutbreak, containers are left sitting on the dock at #China's Tianjin and Ningbo ports for extended periods. Containers bound for #US ports are being loaded as much as four weeks late. #ProximityManufacturing
I live next to rail tracks in North Vancouver. Trains moving all day/night. My step dad is a longshoreman in Rupert. Said there is a lack of freight  in not due to protests but coronovirus. No product being made in China right now! Told to expect 3 month ‘work break’.
More than half a billion people are under partial or total lockdown in what China is calling an all-out "people's war" against the spread of coronavirus. That's equivalent to restricting the movement of the entire population of North America. 
More than 100 wild animals drop dead near coronavirus epicentre in China after workers 'sprayed too much disinfectant' 
Yes I let my package from China sit outside in below freezing temperatures for 24 hours on purpose.
UPDATE: California reports 1 new case of coronavirus in traveler who had self-quarantined since returning from China  …
It’s time to revolutionize the EU budget. Instead of national contributions, we need own resources (e.g. a tax on big internet platforms or big polluters). It’s the only way to defend our interests in a world dominated by “empires” like the US &amp;  …
Covid-19 epidemic seems to be entering a new phase as cases multiply outside China, raising fears of broader disruption and economic impact across Asia.  …
Thousands and thousands of Red Locusts swarming Saudi Arabia, You got a plague in China that’s spreading world wide,killing thousands, what is really going on? Do you know? I think I do! 
The journalist and author @LetaHong tells how Bloomberg LP lawyers went after her and husband @PekingMike to shut them up after Bloomberg's EIC killed Mike's story to avoid pissing off China.  …
The country we should be looking at most closely for #coronavirus infections is India. The country has so far reported less than 10; considering India's proximity to and trade relationship with China, that doesn't make much sense.  …
We cannot let our country go through what @realDonaldTrump and his enablers have allowed since 2016. The president should be working to keep Americans safe—not asking Russia, China, and Ukraine to gather political dirt on a candidate they don’t like. 
$SPOM shorts trap they have to cover before weekend! watch for massive shortsqueeze #china #USA #Canada #banktank #nasdaq #trump $SPY $SPX $TSLA $MCCX $GLTC $kWBT $CYIO $EMPM $SBES $HDii $MYFT $ACRL $TTCM $ZMRK $ABCE $FONU $IGEX $GGSM $KNOS $HENC SHORTS NOW 
Reminder, Hillary sold uranium and hyper sonic missiles to Russia before Trump was elected. Who was colluding with Russia? She also sold her SAPs to china from her email. But thats a different story.
Five Qatar Airways Cargo freighters depart to China carrying 300 tonnes of medical supplies to support Coronavirus relief efforts.  
Just a flu bro. China’s economy grinds to a halt, with banks possibly defaulting now, every year around this time. No big deal.  …
It has always been the Americans who have been there for China.  …
Retail sales of passenger cars in #China crumbled 92% on an annual basis in the first 16 days of February, according to China Passenger Car Association (CPCA), as the #CoronavirusOutbreak slammed the brakes on businesses across the  …
A previously recovered novel #coronavirus patient in Chengdu, SW China's Sichuan was re-hospitalized after testing positive for the virus on Wed, the city's health administration said on Friday. The patient had previously recovered from the disease 10 days earlier. 
But, you know, it's not really about some camera lens. It's about Trump buying votes with my money and telling you China is paying for it. Maybe let's focus on that? A3/A3
FUN FACT: CHINA IS PAYING FOR THE TARIFFS THE SAME WAY MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL!  …
. @Calpers pressured  it invested in for operating in Israeli settlements. But CalPERS also holds stock in Hikvision, which manufactures equipment the #CCP uses to surveil Uighur Muslims. Why villainize a close ally of US but on China?!  …
Defaulted banks in China.  …
I’m selling a 3-day GA+ EDC ticket anyone interested dm me
China has issued 3,325 force majeure certificates as of Friday to  from legal damage arising from novel #coronavirus epidemic, data released by the China Council for the Promotion of International #Trade showed.
Outside of China, there are more than 1,000 confirmed cases of the novel #coronavirus (COVID-19). More than half have been on the #DiamondPrincess, a cruise ship docked in Japan; the rest are scattered among 27 countries, mostly in 
China engages in cowboy capitalism—attacking the economies of free nations through predatory pricing, cyber theft, forced technology transfer, and more. I spoke at @MunSecConf about the threat China poses to international free trade.  …
LATEST REPORTS ON #CORONAVIRUS outside China - ISRAEL reports its 1 case - SOUTH KOREA reports 2nd death - ITALY reports 3 new coronavirus cases - IRAN confirms 13 new cases of coronavirus - JAPAN confirms 9 new cases of Coronavirus - LEBANON confirms first case 
#Pandemic risk for new #coronavirus is INCREASING: Outbreaks of #COVID19 in Beijing hospitals and ≥4 prisons in 3 provinces in #China Cases surging in #SouthKorea After denials, #Iran now reports 18 infected, 4 dead @thespybrief #Wuhan  …
Government measures to contain the spread of the #CoronavirusOutbreak in #China could delay the rollout of next-generation #5G telecom networks, a key #Technology initiative for the country’s  …
Thousands of Africans stranded in China’s Hubei province due to the coronavirus outbreak are facing shortage of food, funds and morale with little help from their governments so far. @josianekouagheu @ebiryabarema @laurenxanthony report  
Foreign reporters in China face obstacles including surveillance, arbitrary detention and sometimes even violent intimidation, while China uses press freedom overseas to build up its state-controlled media presence worldwide 
Did the Fake Media not Report my Books/Warnings on #AI, #Robotics , #5G, #bioweapon Virus= From China/bigtech dangers to all People in the world for 6 months because Books Contained the following Analysis of Facial Recognition On Retweet, and Vote Your Opinions Pls
What have we learned from #F1 testing this week? - McLaren has a restriction on recent visitors to China - Ocon has never watched 'Allo 'Allo - Internet in Barcelona is now free of charge - A steering wheel can move back and forth - The RP20 definitely isn't the W10
. @VOG_2020: #CCP is covering the truth about #coronavirus. Everything in China is propaganda. #WarRoomPandemic  
Bannon: There's something happening in China that is unlike anything that's ever happened in human history You have this economy that is absolutely in a free fall, as #coronavirus shut down a nation of 1.4B #WarRoomPandemic  
Binance CEO @cz_binance joins @tanayamac to discuss cloud services, allegations that it’s unlicensed to operate in its home market of Malta, and China’s looming central bank digital currency. 
Bannon: 1/10 of humanity is under some form of quarantine in China Contagion is now spreading and is in 31 nations throughout the world #WarRoomPandemic #coronavirus  
There is no Coronavirus in Venezuela. A military aviation officer who visited China in December tested Negative. #Venezuela
The head of the World Health Organization calls for nations around the globe to boost funding to fight the coronavirus while the outbreak is still mostly confined to China  
[Recap] Coronavirus: 59 Hong Kong cops in quarantine after one officer  infected  … #HongKong #China #coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Recovered patients in north China's Hebei Province donate plasma to help other severe patients fight #COVID19 
DISGUSTING: We have all seen China's propaganda videos about brave "volunteer" patriot medics shaving their hair to join the #CoronaVirus fight in #Wuhan. But here's what they didn't show. Women crying as they were FORCED to shave their 
MAP OF THE SOUL : 7 DEBUTO EN CHINA #1 EN JAPON #1 EN US #1 EN UK #1 @BTS_twt
#제이홉파트_무슨일이야 Regarding J-Hope's part distribution in "Map of the Soul:7," China JHope Bar is appealing to everyone to send out an email to BigHit Entertainment. : fanclub@ibighit.com Subject: Regarding J-Hope's UNFAIR part distribution in "Map of the Soul:7" 
“A surge in coronavirus cases and deaths in Iran is raising concern because the outbreak can’t be traced directly back to China, the head of the World Health Organization said.”  …
Chinese Officials Confirm Airborne Transmission of Coronavirus in Limited Conditions  … via @epochtimes #China #Wuhan #COVID19 #CoronaVirus #CoronaVirusOutbreak
Breaking : China will build another 19 makeshift hospitals in Wuhan to receive more #coronavirus infected 
#OTD 2/21/1972 President Nixon arrived in China. He was 1st US President to visit People's Republic of China. In Peking, Americans were greeted by Chinese diplomatic delegation led by Premier Zhou Enlai (Chou En-lai) & a 500-man military honor guard. #NixonInChina 
CDC officials are preparing for the possibility #COVID19 could  a pandemic. Dr. Messonnier pointed to China where schools and businesses have been shuttered for weeks to contain the outbreak there, saying the U.S. may eventually need to do the same.  …
The #US will now treat the top 5 Chinese news agencies reporting from the US as "operatives of the state", rather than journalists. The Cold War with #Communist China just keeps getting hotter with each passing day.  …
“These dots are actually very concerning.” The rising number of #Coronavirus cases outside of #China are concerning and indicate that the “window of opportunity” to halt the spread of the virus is closing, @WHO director-general @DrTedros  …
Trump has to spend more of our tax dollars to bail out farmers because of Trump's failed trade war with China. And that new China-US trade deal was clearly Fake news since farmers still hurting badly!
#COVID19 is now being transmitted between countries OUTSIDE China, and the WHO is signaling that time may be running out to halt its global spread.  …
Volunteers and staff of the Red Cross Society of China continue to be on the front line of the response to #COVID19, which has affected more than 72,000 people in China alone. 
China's Hubei province revises February 19 new cases tally to 775, from 349 previously  
All the ways China’s coronavirus outbreak is affecting tech  
" @COVID_19NEWS: Drones in China are detecting and yelling at people without masks. 
China just injected $725bn into its economy in a single month, a new record. Thats approx 5X total #Bitcoin market cap in 30 days. Central banks are doubling down all over the world, amounts being printed are going to get bigger and bigger.  …
We estimated that about two thirds of #coronavirus cases exported from mainland #China have remained undetected worldwide Potentially this can result in multiple chains of as yet undetected human-to-human transmission outside mainland China Imperial College London  …
Coronavirus cases in countries with >10 cases: China: 75,891 South Korea: 204 Japan: 107 Singapore: 86 Hong Kong: 69 Thailand: 35 Taiwan: 26 Malaysia: 19 Italy: 19 Australia: 19 Iran: 18 Vietnam: 16 Germany: 16 US: 16 France: 12 UAE: 11 * Diamond Princess cases not included
While the coronavirus is alarming, the rate of infection in China has slowed down with a fall in the number of new cases. As of now of the 20,809 cases which had an  89% of the patients have recovered. #Coronavirius 
I dont care about China, Russia or Ukraine. The biggest CRIMINALS ARE IN THE USA GOVERNMENT PUT THEM ON TRIAL NOW. THEY HAVE BEEN SCREWING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SO LONG, WORSE IS THE FACT YOU ARE ALL PAYING THESE PEOPLE WITH YOUR TAXES AND ITS BIG BUCKS JUST TO STICK IT TO YOU ? 
No, China is not paying for tariffs. Americans are.   …
China set to clamp down permanently on wildlife trade in wake of coronavirus  … If true, this will be very good.
One time my parents gave me an option to see whoever I wanted in concert and I picked China Anne McClain from ant farm
this, and many more examples, lend credence to the likelihood that #China is hiding the true scale of the #coronavirus outbreak and underreporting  …
Economies are delinking from #China, and that is a good thing. We should not empower a predatory, hostile state with the proceeds  #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
"February 2020  to be remembered as a period of historic disruption to physical supply chains the world over, as the #coronavirus wrecks trade," writes Terms of Trade. There would be no disruption if we made our goods close to home. #China #ProximityManufacturing
#Breaking #Iran Iranian ppl are in great danger of #CoronaViruesue Despite the denial of the Iranian VP and the Civil Aviation Organization, The online economy site revealed that IRGC's Mahan Airline flights continue to #China on Feb 20 
Leaving Geneva after a few days of #Xinjiang #Tibet #humanrights #China advocacy ahead of #HRC43. Thinking @hrw_chinese needs to update this:  … @hrw @JohnFisher_hrw
In all-caps tweet, President Trump vows new farm bailouts as China purchases appear weaker than promised 
Iran was not on anyone's list of expected places for #COVID19. Now four deaths in Iran and cases in Canada and Lebanon, with links to Iran but not China @alexvespi @BogochIsaac @AdamJKucharski @C_Althaus  …  
European Court of Human Rights rules that forcing Uighur Muslims back to China would "violate their right to life and put them at risk of torture & inhuman or degrading treatment." No one should do it while Beijing so severely persecutes them in Xinjiang.  
Before we use AI to do cancer surgeries, we should figure out how to get automated soap dispensers to work in Sudan. We should figure out how to get Face Unlock to work well in China. We should figure out that over-the-head AR headsets don't work well for Sikhs or Rastafarians.
Lesson from Wuhan, Lesson from Qom, Iran: If you wait until dead people start to show up in your hospitals from COVID19 before taking action, you will have COVID19 all over your country. Why does CDC need its personnel in China/Iran to learn that?  …
World order is going to be rocked by AI - this is how  #ai #china 
New from me: With information from China scarce, U.S.  enlisted to help track coronavirus:  …
“As worries of a coronavirus epidemic spread across the globe, the panic took a violent turn in Ukraine, where protesters attacked buses carrying evacuees from the epicenter of the outbreak in China.” (via ⁦ @janisfrayer⁩ ⁦  …
At least 500 prisoners and guards across China, in at least 4 different prisons across 3 provinces, had been infected with the coronavirus, Chinese officials said on Friday. Total infections have surpassed 75,000. 
China's coronavirus outbreak has devastated the Asian airline industry as they stand to lose $27.8 billion of revenue this year  
1) War with North Korea! 2) War with Iran! 3) War with ISIS in Syria/Iraq! 4) Trade/Spying/Tech & IP Theft with China! 5) Israel/Palestinian statehood! and now this.  …
If you are wondering how more than half a billion people are being kept indoors, including yours truly, here is our story (w/ @EmilyZFeng ) on the restrictions and rewards that China set up to clamp down on movement:  …
Turbulent scenes as buses carrying evacuees from China’s coronavirus-stricken city of Wuhan are attacked by protesters on their way to quarantine in Ukraine.  
A jump in coronavirus cases in Iran is a cause for concern because they have no direct link to China, the World Health Organization said 
Hey @realDonaldTrump it is time to divert tens of billions of dollars to this coronavirus. Every state needs testing kits NOW. Every state needs emergency funding NOW. We absolutely cannot let this get out of hand in this country like it has in China. The time to act is NOW.
More on #COVID19 - #China’s Ministry of Justice shared that 5 prisons in #Hubei, Shandong and Zhejiang province have #coronavirus outbreak, but there are no cases of serious symptoms. The #Wuhan female prison has 230 cases, and another prison in Hubei has 41 
With the help of Kim’s contacts they managed to move from safehouse to safehouse until they finally made it out of China and into a third country Now, they’re hiding in a third country Read the full story here: 
Eventually, they made it across the river, and onto the final bit of ground They reached the barbed wire that marked the border with China Even then they weren’t safe 
I don't need the WHO and CDC to tell me whats going on I have eyes in my head and can read. The #Coronavirus is a pandemic and has gone Global all the way from China to Iran to Italy and every other country in between.
6 more new virus cases in town 60 km south to Milan. 2 more in Padua. It’s 16 new #coronavirus cases in half day in Italy, at least 11 of them have NOT been in China. Patient 3 had contact with patient 1 in a marathon. Patient 2 is a primary school teacher (and pregnant)
china is not paying the tariffs. we are paying the tariffs. we are also paying for the farming bailouts necessitated by your disastrous tariff policies. you’re   …
Trump screwed the Great American Patriot Farmers (as he calls them) so badly by playing games with China that he has now given them Billions of dollars of bailout money and made major cuts in our EPA regulations to keep them from going bankrupt. He’s the BEST at deals.
I dont care about China, Russia or Ukraine. The biggest CRIMINALS ARE IN THE USA GOVERNMENT PUT THEM ON TRIAL NOW. THEY HAVE BEEN SCREWING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SO LONG, WORSE IS THE FACT YOU ARE ALL PAYING THESE PEOPLE WITH YOUR TAXES AND ITS BIG BUCKS JUST TO STICK IT TO YOU ?  …
Consequence of Chinese infiltration anywhere in the world. WPO this time reminds all of us about CCP aggression. When something is associated with China, you know it will soon be spoiled by CCP. 
It's so disrespectful to the photographers and #HongKongProtesters. As the organizer of  about artworks, Sony should have the integrity and dignity to protect artistic freedom and freedom of expression, not kowtowing to China the totalitarian country. #StandWithHK
#coronavirus spreading in Prison. More than 500 Cases reported in prisons across China 
Residents of a central Ukrainian town clashed with police while protesting against evacuees from China, who were quarantined to make sure they were not carrying the coronavirus  
A surge in coronavirus cases and deaths in Iran is raising concern because the outbreak can’t be traced directly back to China 
Uighurs fear they could die in their homes from hunger, @SalihHudayar tells me. #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak #EastTurkistan #Xinjiang #China
GM's new Menlo EV has 410km of range (NEDC, real world lower) and costs $22,700 after subsidies. Only available in China. That's because the NEV quota, fuel economy targets and city policies are forcing automakers to launch EVs there.  …
More than 100 wild animals drop dead near coronavirus epicentre in China after workers 'sprayed too much disinfectant' 
Exclusive: Resident reveals #Wuhan hospitals discharge unrecovered #Coronavirus patients; Hundreds of thousands flee Wuhan.  Watch "China in Focus":  Video from @News_NTD
Not JUST Drugs, India needs to END dependence on China, in its entirety. Indian Manufacturers have  traders, because Govt of India has been subsidising Made in China at the cost of Made in India. #CoronaVirus is a wake up call for us. #ChinaInIndia cannot help India  …
UPDATE: #COVID19 sensitivity of international surveillance Two thirds of cases exported from mainland China are undetected.  
Islamophobia in #India: -Modi is building internment camps - inspired by #China - to jail Muslim immigrants - The Citizenship Amendment Law restricts citizenship to Muslim immigrants from 3 nations - Police have been unleashed on Muslim student protestors nationwide
5 wind turbines that failed. Are these really environmentally friendly? Would you actually want to live near this? Only as good as the products they're made of. Consider that most wind turbines put up in the USA under the Obama regime came from China! 
512 confirmed cases. 5 prisons. 3 provinces. As of end Feb 20, prisons accounted for a big jump in #coronavirus cases in Zhejiang, Shandong, and Hubei. Several local officials got the boot for it. #China
Is the new coronavirus taking a greater toll on men? Women have stronger immune responses, and in China, few smoke. 
#Turkish Outpost launch attack on #Russian Su-24M2 Full launch video from MANPADS on the Russian Su-24M2 @AsianDef @IndoPac_Info @200_zoka @Sunkway_China @IdaratL @need_history @DPRKJones @AirForceReviews @peterpobjecky @SteeleSyAA @News_From_Syria @saptak__mondal 
Trailer: Rise of The Red Dragon: Origins & Threat of China's Secret Space Program:  via @YouTube
The failures of economists are everywhere. In fact, the only countries that have effectively transformed from the “Third” to the “First World” since World War II violated the main principles of all economic teachings: China, Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan and S. Korea
