How  should China be fined for the inept handling of the coronavirus ?
Joe Biden would have allowed travel from China to continue. You called Trump xenophobic for the restrictions he placed in January
Are there 16 tonnes of it? And to be clear, this is not a knock on the people of China, who were victims as well or Canadians of Chinese origin. This is about the government of China. Full stop.
Great! China, whose dictators initially hid COVID-19 from the world, helping to turn it into a pandemic, while arresting the dr who first warned about it before he died from the virus China's gov't denied existed, is sending us some protective clothing  …
Real banner n China, "We warmly congratulate the spread of Coronavirus on America & Japan; may the infections continue a very very long time." Compare this to @POTUS calling it the #ChineseVirus b/c that's where outbreak originated. Which is racist? outrages the Leftists 
MOH (KKM) says DON'T wear masks unless sick. Why is health minister & MOH staff wearing masks when inspecting a clean facility?? Double standards. China, South Korea advice masks help to limit spread. Either change your policy @KKMPutrajaya or walk your talk. 
China just gave Canada masks and tests that only work 28% of the time. They are evil. Ask Italy and Spain how those products worked out
Hong Kong warned us: Don’t Trust China!  …
Does #Canada really want crap from China ...it seems most “aid” from #China are face masks that are not to par and fake #Covid_19 testing kits  …
SO ponder me this ... 4000 test kits were donated to NV via private jet of Sheldon Adelson whose wife Miriam received the Medal of Freedom from Trump. The kits were just laying around in Macau Casino in China. How many kits did Trump & family & friends get?
FL Governor DeSantis ordering people  into his state from NY into quarantine while leaving beaches open is reminiscent of Trump claiming restricting travel from China had stopped coronavirus. Desperately want it to be an outside problem, but it’s been inside for a while.
WHO has been a disgraceful China mouthpiece for a long time, even as late as January they were relaying propaganda and saying there was no evidence of human to human transmission
The government are terrified they’ve messed this up and are going to start jumping up and down about China, Trump-style. Just a heads up.  …
Anybody notice the address George Soros invested in this place... WuXi AppTec 666 Gaoxin Road East Lake High-tech Development Zone Wuhan 430075, China  …
Maybe if we hadn't shipped 17 tons of them to China a month ago we'd have some now.  …
Canada did the same thing and China has repaid the favour in full with medical supplies. Our PM believes this is a global problem and he will continue to support our allies. I like that.
So.... American healthcare workers can't get equipment, but we shipped 17 tons of equipment to China?
Dan O'Day (Gilead) saying that remdesivir is on track to have initial data in  weeks is good news because there had been some doubt about whether the two randomized trials in China were able to fully enroll.
China ignored warnings of another pandemic  …
Australia must have a 'long, hard' look at further relations with China | Sky News Australia  …
Long-read in @FT about #China plans for #Internet. This falls in the category of the (physical) #geopolitics *of* the Internet as I explain in #Connectography.  … #tech #connectivity #data
#China's total #coronavirus cases on mainland hit 81,439, 3,300 deaths on end-March 28 
Let's make a habit of saying "Communist Party of China" vs. saying "China". It will eat up twitter character count, but, will get the point across strongly.
China's CDC chief says #Wuhan market may not have been #coronavirus origin: "From the very beginning, everybody thought the origin was the market. Now, I think the market could be the initial place, or it could be a place where the virus was 
Spain bought 640,000 FAULTY coronavirus testing kits from China that can’t even tell whether a patient is sick – The Sun  …
You thought it was a great idea when President Trump called off all travel from China to protect Americans... These states have areas eaten up with Coronavirus so how is this any different? They shouldn't be allowed to go into other states period right now.
I appreciate the donation of goods from China. However why is every liberal voice absolutely stroking the Chinese government with tweets ? Help me out here.
What they did in China 
The China virus: - Genuine threat - Came from China - Experts can't stop it on a dime - We're all at risk - Guidelines are just that. No guarantee - Follow those Guidelines as your part in this fight - It can and will be beaten - Be a calming influence - Trump's team is at work
Niggas mad that China booming again but y’all don’t wanna be quarantined like China was lol pick one
No doubt China will also be blamed for Boris Johnson’s government’s decision to not to have overseas arrivals tested and quarantined at Heathrow airport knowing #COVID-19 is highly contagious. FFS!
The United States stands ready to spend up to $100 million to assist China and other countries impacted by coronavirus, U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo announced on Friday.  …
The China hawks are right and have always been right. It's not just another country in a liberal international order, it's  and a threat. And I'd hope for a degree of cooperation oriented around nullifying that when this is over.
China might be lying a wee bit about those #Covid_19  …
The WHO has done nothing but leave China blameless in this entire episode and hold brief for them. And they will pay.  …
Anyone shouting saying #BorisJohnson is doing a good jobs needs to wake up NOW!!! China’s lost just over 3,000 people this government announced tonight that if 20,000 of us die they will have done well!! That’s why there is no ppe and no ventilators we are being led to our death
China is supplying masks that don’t work, and countries all over the world are using them. Who said ... ‘Don’t Trust China?’ ⁦  …
No, many scientists and medical experts have been watching closely how China has dealt with the outbreak since initial mistakes. Their teams are sharing data & info to help other countries. Pls look into this properly. Suggest using more reliable sources than the Daily Mail.
What do you think about Cuomo's remark about declaration of war if Trump shut's NY down and Pompeo's recent remarks at Governor's meeting about which Gov's are considered friendly to China ? Any possible link ?
RIOTS erupt in #Wuhan, but China Communist Party says, nothing to see here & the China Virus is fully contained. How stupid do THEY & the U.S. propaganda media (who repeat their lies) think we are?  …
Here Pompeo says we knew about Covid19 in Dec and already had cases here, but we're donating TONS of medical equipment to China!!!  …
Indeed. Chinese people inside China don't know the truth. It's our job to get out the true #CCP history via @Twitter to CCP propagandists twitter  …
In airports around the world, passengers are getting their temperatures taken, to detect #COVID_19 Not at Toronto's #yyz though — even if they've just stepped off a flight from China. WATCH the FULL report:  
This. There are a ton of other confounders to consider here beyond mask use. I know George Gao, China CDC's director, has  mask use  …) b/c of presymptomatic infections--but masks need to be analyzed along w/ other  …
Trump, Jan 22: “We have it totally under control” Trump, Feb 2: “We pretty much shut it  in from China. It’s going to be fine” Trump, Feb 24: “The Coronavirus is very much under control in the USA” Today: U.S. leads world in #of COVID19 cases & unprepared hospitals 
This government thinks that allowing 20,000 people to die of this virus then this government think they will have done very well!!!! They are planning and preparing for 20,000 of us to die!!! China lost under 3,300 WTF is going on
A new must-listen podcast for me during #COVID19 is This Week in Virology — today, feat Columbia virus hunter Ian Lipkin, himself sick with the disease, who caught the virus in NYC after having been to China & self-quarantining upon return. 
How @WHO's Bruce Aylward dodged reporter's question 3 times about Taiwan's role in fighting the #CCPVirus: 1. Pretend not to hear the question. 2. End the video call. 3. (When called back): “We’ve already talked about China.”  …
#booforboris just boo and boo again! Gambled with 500,000 UK lives with his daft "herd immunity" plan. Refused to order ventilators + PPE equipment from the EU scheme Didn't prepare the country for this crisis by ignoring the warnings from the events in China & Italy BOO!!! 
Downing Street says China faces a 'reckoning' over the coronavirus and risks  a 'pariah state' as Boris Johnson faces pressure to scrap the Huawei deal The last thing what we can risk is using Huawei 5g and risk getting another VIRUS from China.  …
Do you trust China? If your answer is, No, then why do you trust the WHO, which repeats Chinese propaganda?
Our “friend” Xi  China’s mob boss, selling defective masks to the world.  …
Yes, China would overstate virus death rates to get rid of millions of dissent while no one was watching. OF COURSE I HAVE THOUGHT OF THIS. My doctor friends / sources are seeing real shit. I am not basing my reporting on "the news." I am the news.
Thank you China! Am sure many HCWs in M'sia greatly appreciate this. Buys us more time to strengthen our supply chain.  …
Australia needs to have a “very long, hard and truthful discussion” about its relationship with China following the crisis caused by COVID-19, Outsiders host @rowandean  …
The idea that I'm not running through every scenario in my coronavirus analysis is absurd. OF COURSE I AM ASKING: "Would China have shut down its own country for a few weeks to make it seem like coronavirus is more deadly than it is?" Nothing is off limits to Cerno.
Funny, this is exactly what the US is doing to China, Iran, Venezuela & Cuba to deflect from its own abysmal failures that turned America into the world's largest corporate sacrifice zone  …
Mississippi's going to be worse than China, so he's technically right.
What do you call North Korea with stolen technology and more money? China
Since United States now has more COVID-19 cases than China we know trump did a horrible job tho we already knew that. Our population is 272 million, China's is 1.4 billion. 5x ours. Good work @POTUS @azkey4u
Yes, China has probably lied and dramatically underestimated the numbers.  …
"China" is a proxy & dog-whistle used by Trump & right-wing pundits, to scapegoat Chinese for their poor governance. It also resonates with anti-semitism, anti-LGBTQ, xenophobia, racism and other scapegoating used to mobilize their base. -Scot Nakagawa #AntiAsianRacism
Chinese markets are still selling bats  via @MailOnline #AusPol time countries around the world isolated themselves away from China no buying of their products or goods of any kind no financial support of any kind
Are you fucking stupid? We knew this was a tsunami heading our way two months ago, and you people did absolutely nothing but call it a hoax. And now that it’s here, you blame China while your former boss still thinks it’s a hoax to undermine his re-election. Seriously, go away.  …
Downing Street says China faces a 'reckoning' over the coronavirus and risks  a 'pariah state' as Boris Johnson faces pressure to scrap the Huawei deal. Ahh Trump was right again  
Predictions that China will launch its Blockchain Service Network in April appear to be based on reports pre-dating the identification of COVID-19  …
China is sending: ....30,000 medical masks ...10,000 sets of protective clothing ...10,000 goggles ...and 50,000 pairs of gloves ...to Canada.
469 new cases yesterday. Imagine if we’d gone harder when China locked down Wuhan: closed air borders, contact tracing/testing, supervised isolation, social distancing - things we have now. But now we have 3635 cases. Go hard, go now! Foresight, not hindsight #auspol #COVID19Aus
Despite their proximity to China and having a similar population to Australia, Taiwan have had only 267 cases and 2 deaths. Yet the World Health Organisation is too scared to even mention the country's name. This is insane. We need to be able to talk about Taiwan. 
I try to be reasonable as possible but after weeks inside worrying about my family, and seeing death numbers climbing every day, can I politely say F*CK YOU How DARE you take China's side over this? You are a disgrace to everyone who has ever had the privilege of being an MP
You must be one of the few people outside of Beijing that thinks the China stats  tosh. It is  that such a densely populated country wouldn’t have a staggeringly high mortality rate. This after they silenced their own medics.
I'm a supporter of yours but you have this wrong. China needs to be held accountable. War has been waged for less than what they have unleashed on us. Also, outright, strictly enforced ban on the cruel filthy animal markets wherever in the world they are found.
MSM “China reporter” Didi peddling conspiracy that Chinese students buying up medical supplies to send back to China back in January when #coronavirus just broke out in China is a premeditated plan to attack US!!! These are the people who brings you China news in Western Media 
Since June 2019, tracked exports (HT @TankerTrackers) of Iranian oil have increased, while China's declared imports of Iranian oil have decreased. Yet China is Iran's only major oil customer. So where is Iran's oil going? China. But a lot of it is going to Malaysia first. 
“cHiNa’S cOrOnAvIrUs NuMbErS aRe LiKe ToTaLly AcCuRaTe” – the media  …
Your assumption that China is telling the truth is honestly so adorable.  …
That would be more informative, I agree. China has *4 times* as many people as US. And we’ve already passed them in total number infected.
Luhan is the first chinese singer to wining a double platinum record, for sold over 2 million copies of Reloaded I.He has 4 albums written and produced by him in his own studio. Ambassador of more than 10 brands, he won +30 solo awards and two tours in China, not "the exo member"  …
China: 'We've Completely Cured Coronavirus And Everything Is Fine Here And No One Is Allowed In To Check'  … via @TheBabylonBee
. @IvankaTrump your father wasted SIX WEEKS from Feb 5 (when he briefed Congress on #COVID19) to March 11 Oval Office address! On 2/7/20 he sent $100 Million in gowns, masks, gloves ( #PPE) to CHINA & rejected Congressional funding for USA PREPAREDNESS!  …
China really said duck duck goose then dipped out the game, now most of Europe and the US are most likely not gonna have a summer :) cheers huns  …
This is a Trump-style attempt to divert blame from the UK government's failures. A World Health Organization report says China "rolled out perhaps the most ambitious, agile & aggressive disease containment effort in history" We haven't even sorted out enough tests for NHS staff 
Canada also donated 16 metric tonnes of medical supplies at about the same time (early Feb). It's not unusual, and one of the goals is to help contain the outbreak. China recently made a reciprocal medical supplies donation to Canada. Haven't heard if they doing the same for USA.
Another senior minister and Johnson ally: “We have always known their wildlife markets are a recipe for a pandemic. China needs to close these down immediately. If they don't, they will rightly  a pariah state.”
Sunday's Mail: "No 10 fury at China’s lies" #BBCPapers #TomorrowsPapersToday (via 
the month is changing soon and more  up with the IMX700y. P40 series China launch is next week and Huawei didn't tell everything in the global release, there is more.... 
...and eliminated CDC epidemiologist who was forward-deployed to China 
No one who understands China and the CCP is shocked by this  …
Just like China, Italy, Spain, France.... once it hits hard authorities quickly lose tracks how many have perished.  …
My parents have been sending me a steady stream of Greek COVID-themed memes and funny videos in the past week and this is definitely my favourite so far. It shows attempts to clear cities of potential infection in China, Egypt, South Korea and Ghana, then Greece. 
Yesterday #China threatened to "strike back" at the U.S. if it implements a new U.S. law supporting #Taiwan. Over the last few weeks China has stepped up military exercises near Taiwan, which Xi Jinping has threatened to invade.  …
The Cailun Tomb located in Yangxian County, Shaanxi Province. Cailun (63AD - 121AD), the originator of Paper-making, which was one of the Four Inventions in China in addition to Commercial Printing, Gunpowder and Compass. 
somebody said na China chop meat, na we dey wash hand
China is not playing around.  …
Absolutely no one is suprised at that. China is an international threat.
the media overhyped the pandemic but also they underhyped the pandemic but also china hid the severity of the pandemic but also the very severe pandemic is under perfect control and we can talk about opening up the economy jesus pick a lane  …
China sends genuine humanitarian aid to Venezuela. •500,000 rapid test kits •50,000 PCR test kits •ventilators •5 million face masks •10,000+ (most likely surgical scrubs) •30,000+ units of Chloroquine •70,000+ infrared thermometers + other medicine and supplies ☭ 
The Lingying Temple is located in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province of China. The temple can be traced back to Eastern Jin Dynasty (317AD - 420AD). The Lingying Temple was to gain in importance during Five Dynasties (907AD - 960 AD) since King of the Wuyue State was keen on Buddhism. 
China sent 55 tons of equipment to Venezuela  …
China lied? You better tell all of the other MSM outlets that are putting out Chinese data as real.
My jaw was on the floor when I heard this.. but understand govt science advisers have warned PM that true China coronavirus stats are “15 to 40 times” higher than officially declared, based on worldwide modelling of virus behaviour... 
Wang Family Compound is located in Jingsheng Town, 140 kilometers from Taiyuan City, Shanxi Province, China. It is a luxurious residence built during 1762 - 1811 by the descendants of the Wang Family, one of the Four Families of the Qing Dynasty (1644 - 1911) in Shanxi Province. 
Peter Navarro is the same guy who made up a fake expert who was just an anagram of his name, Ron Vara, who was the “source” for all of his most racist conclusions about China in his books. When he got caught, he said the fake expert was “a joke.”  …
Countries like Cuba and Venezuela have low cases of the #ChineseVirus despite being submerged in misery. Now China sends aid to the drug trafficker in Maduro. #Covid_19 COVID19 is a weapon that China uses against the world and the US. New York again under attack. 
Menyuan Hui Autonomous County is located in the northeast of Qinghai Lake, about 150 kilometers from the provincial capital - Xining. Menyuan is the production base of cole in the northern China and production base of oil plants in Qinghai Province. 
OH. So, Trump just handed all of the US's strategic PPE reserves over to China back in February?  …
Told You !! China lied. People died. #VirusChinois #VirusCinese #VirusChino #VirusChines #ChinesischesVirus   …
True. China actually got their outbreak under control.  …
[SMTrends] BTS Members Popularity Ranking Mar 21-27, 2020 (Last Modified: Mar 28, 2020 at 10:07:53am) Jungkook ranked No. 1 Worldwide and in All Regions including Japan, USA, UK, Canada and Australia  … #JUNGKOOK #정국 #ジョングク #グク 
"Downing Street says China faces a 'reckoning' over the coronavirus and risks  a 'pariah state' as Boris Johnson faces pressure to scrap the Huawei deal" - fingers crossed  via @MailOnline
So far Coronavirus has: -Exposed the weakness in America's dependence on China -Globally reduced carbon emissions -Destroyed the illusion of the superiority of post-national authority -Showcased the amount of Chinese evil influence in the world -Brought down the EU. #corona2020  
Buried 10 paragraphs down: "In Feb, Canada sent 16 tonnes of medical equipt to China to help the country, which was then the epicentre of the outbreak, respond to the emergency. Since then, the Cdn govt has faced criticism for sending those supplies that are now needed at home"  …
RT @pinfantea: From China, 55 tons of surgical material, supplies, medicines and 500 thousand rapid test kits arrived in Venezuela to continue advancing in the fight against Coronavirus in Venezuela. #UnidosVenceremos @NicolasMaduro 
Have been saying this for weeks: China covered up #coronavirus, costing tens of thousands of lives and now they’re making millions selling life-saving medical equipment to the 
Australia needs to Stop purchasing Windmills Solar Panels and Batteries etc Made in China....renewable problems solved....time for AUS to seriously start looking at Nuclear
China sends Medical aid to Pakistan  the #Covid_19 virus. China's aid to Pakistan so far includes 12,000 test kits, 300,000 masks, 10,000 protective suits and $4 million dollars to build an isolation hospital. #China #Pakistan 
China claims it has no second wave and all of its new coronavirus cases are imported. Sounds just like Schumer and Pelosi doesn't it?
A friend in need is a friend indeed. China and the UK are fighting shoulder to shoulder in this battle against Covid-19.  …
I'm due for a new phone...my Samsung S 6..over 4 yrs old....been looking at an Oppo A9...( Chinese ) $342...Guess what....I'll be buying a Samsung S10...at $949 ...doing my bit to reduce retail sales out of China...
Social engineering doesn’t work—China and India now have a major shortage of females. That’s due to the abortion of so many females in the womb. You will reap what you sow.
New photos from Wuhan reignite doubts  China is being honest about coronavirus 
Shipments of urns in Wuhan is raising questions about China's coronavirus reporting  
This dog refused to leave the doctors who cared for it in China. 
ICYMI - China’s President Xi writes Virus thank you note to Bill Gates 
The UN’s World Health Organisation has PROTECTED AND LIED for China from Day 1. They can’t be trusted. Bill Gates helps fund them and  and has massive financial interests in profiting mass mandatory vaccinations! #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #coronavirus  …
The only saving grace is it appears the china virus isn't working, as advertised, either.  …
4 Ways China Gains from Coronavirus Pandemic all at the expense of the USA They are no longer the smiling bowing Trojan Horse China is taking the gloves off. Time for America to do the same!  …
I think that its time that we give Trudeau to China, in exchange for the two Michaels.  …
China kicks out all western journalists. China sells nonfunctioning tests to the west. China claims to have no more positive  up. Western journalists:  …
jisoo_china is really that bad*ss bij i stan 
DOH discards some inaccurate virus test kits from China  … Philippines discards Chinese tests that were only 40% accurate
The US and CDC broke quarantine in China, then botched keeping those people they airlifted from China back to the US from spreading COVID-19. Blaming China for that is beyond delusional.
China Uses Coronavirus Crisis To Issue Stricter Control Of Citizens’ Religious Practices #communistdictatorship  …
With all due respect, HHS told Trump on January 18th that a pandemic  And he needed to start preparing. On March 7, Fox News host Tucker Carlson flew to Florida to implore Trump to take the threat more seriously. How is any of this China’s fault?!
60 plane loads of PPE for Irish  from China. 謝謝  …
BTW, We got back five times what we sent China. You should say thank you to the Prime Minister. Quit fronting like a teenager.  …
Government spin machine is in overdrive tonight. ‘It’s all China’s fault.’ ‘Barnier infected Johnson.’ The beginning of a whispering campaign against the NHS. This is outrageous: its staff responding heroically with scant resources, not enough protective gear, under-staffing etc.  …
Considering China has 1.4 Billion citizens and the USA has 327 Million and we are now leading the world in #COVID19 cases. We knew. We were warned. The Trump Administration blew it off, went to Mar-a-lago for a party The Federal Response from the United States is inexcusable.
The Trump administration did impose travel restrictions between China and the U.S. on Feb 2, 2020. This NYC Chinese New Year Parade took place on Feb 9, 2020. #Wuhan virus quarantine requirement is 14 days. This parade should have been cancelled. Now we are all paying for  …
I think the world is waking up to the fact that these “aid kits” sent by the Chinese Government were more or less a Trojan horse. Spain reports the tests sent from China don’t work. The Netherlands reports the masks don’t work either. This has worsened the epidemic in Europe.
Sadly I'm not at all surprised by #China reportedly sending faulty tests and equipment to countries in need while being praised by the #MainstreamMedia. Get the facts right or its just more #FakeNews.  …
How Trump’s China trade war is hampering America’s coronavirus fight. #Covid_19 #CoronaLockdown  …
China having experienced #Covid_19 now reacts to it like this No messing  …
Unsurprising that, having created this Covid crisis, opportunistic China (and Russia) is now looking the hero by supplying much-needs masks & medical supplies to Italy & other desperate countries. The so-called good  to the rescue after chucking the deadly bomb.
Oh great, The china virus is hitting at the same time as pollen season here. Cars are covered in pollen. Everyone that gets the sniffles, thanks to the media, will assume they are going to die.
Downing Street says China faces a 'reckoning' over the coronavirus @sandieshoes  … via @MailOnline
Sorry? Did @MathiasCormann just single out residents returning from China as the biggest cause to the increase in infections? That’s not what this chart from the health dept website shows. Come on @David_Speers, and panelists, please correct this now! #Insiders 
This is my beloved grandmother Ghodrat in her younger years. She is now 98 living in L.A. nursing home, can't speak English & is heartbroken because none of her loved ones can visit her due to COVID-19! SENDING OUT A BIG F-U TO THE COMMUNIST CHINA REGIME for starting this crap! 
WHO = ChiComs ... WHO accused of 'carrying China's water' after official refuses to acknowledge Taiwan during bizarre interview | Fox News  …
The "China's faulty testing kits" narrative plays upon a popular stereotype and myth amongst the western public that Chinese goods are poor quality and shoddy. It's a very believable claim, but that's what makes it so deceptive.
Not to be pedantic, but Nigeria should consider cross-examining the test kits from China against our current standards. The error level reported elsewhere is unacceptable.
The first Cold War was underpinned by the notion that US and Western capitalist countries had a better quality of life than the socialist bloc. As the US pursues a new Cold War with China, does anyone believe this to be the case? Which country's future looks brighter?
2,000+ Americans have now died of the novel coronavirus which originated in Wuhan, China. More than 500 of those deaths are in NYC alone. I am praying for them and for their families & friends, as well as for everyone on the front lines battling this invisible enemy. We will win. 
Xi JinLaden : China to Expand Pharmaceutical Monopoly, Keep ‘Unfettered Flow Of Trade’ - ( If my Wuhan Virus didn’t kill u all, my faulty/contaminated medical supplies would do the job. ) #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #VirusCinese #VirusChino  …
I feel like if there’s any lesson at all to be taken from a of this it’s that China should be treated like a pariah nation going forward.  …
If this whole china conspiracy theory of COVID-19 is true.....we've failed humanity forever.
I'd love to see the numbers on how many of those infected, ill, hospitalized, deceased from the Wuhan China Covid-19 Chinese Coronavirus had flu shots this year. Wouldn't that be a reasonable variable to ask to be surveyed? . . 
Riots in Hubei province of China 
This report is all good, only it got one fact wrong. @nytimes did have reported about me, & a documentary featuring me, years ago. Links:  …  … Damning videos out of China put #coronavirus numbers into 
For the United States of America to have the worst #Covid_19 trajectory in the ENTIRE world (even accounting for questionable data from China) represents a catastrophic failure of national leadership. The warnings were all there. There’s no excuse. 
China owes the entire world debt forgiveness else the entire world needs to place an economic sanction on them. They've cost every country trillions of dollars and thousands of lives.
Venezuela's only  satellite is lost in space, made by China.  …
#Insiders Good point, Mathias: you shut down China travel. So WTF didn't #ScottyFromMarketing save us from the failed state that is USA!? Why did your Govt not implement screening processes at our borders til this week? Why didn't you stop the metal birds & floating petri dishes?
More than twice as many Australian travellers to the US have contracted #covid19 than from any other country - including China. And yet Corman on #insiders singles out travellers to China as those who have been spreading the virus. #racism
Did I just hear Cormann blow the racist dog-whistle? 'Australia exposed to more people returning from China'? Screw you. You locked those people up on Christmas Island! They are not the main source. Ruby Princess and USA are! #auspol #insiders #COVID19Aus
You can be saying one of 2 things. 1. People who catch COVID are now a protected class. 2. You mean Chinese people, China is a country, not a race. If you are saying that race is related to country, well, that's pretty racist.
A special team from China's Shandong Province arrived in the UK on Saturday to help in the fight against COVID-19. The  15 experts and doctors and they brought with them up to 17.5 tons of medical and related supplies. 
We were far more exposed to returning travellers from the US, Europe, and cruise ships, why highlight rapid action on China? #insiders
Matthias throws in a little boast about their tuff action on “returning travellers from China”. Speers misses the cue and does not ask why cruise ship boomers were not sent to Christmas Island. For their own well-being, of course #Insiders
EXC: Plates shifting... No10's Bew foreign policy review shelved amid internal pressure for major rethink about relations with China Cabinet calls for Huawei u-turn and diplomatic deep freeze with China until they reform Growing acceptance CV19 has blown up global politics 
Why did we only restrict travel from China. Why not US? #Insiders
During #COVID-19 ‘lockdown in Feb #DomesticViolence reports more than tripled in 1 county in Hubei province’. China only passed a law against DV in 2015-it recognizes the right of victims to stay in the home. Perpetrators should be quarantined in hotels  …
Coronavirus: Netherlands recalls defective masks imported from China  …
Hospitals in China are using robots to deliver food and medicine for patients who were infected with #coronavirus  #SaturdayMorning
EYES ON ANONS Ellen -  FF? Great wall of China Dubai Trafalgar Square "And the Eiffel Tower.....And, er, that's what"s going to happen soon..." "Ouch!" links following tweets 
Yes, Trump didn't handle the pandemic well. But you know who really dropped the ball? China. They tried to cover this whole mess up. They're lying about their death toll and everything else. Let's get #ChineseGenocide trending. PS: The Chinese government is genociding Uyghurs
China is the only country over 100 with zero confirmed new cases and people still believe they're reporting??? 
If we are allowed to say China virus, are we allowed to say bill gates virus?
Notice How We, are Hearing About Elevated Westerners being Infected by the Chinese Virus, but so far, Not the Arbiters of this Attack: The Politburo of the Communist Party of China? This Small Group of Godless Scum has Much for which to Answer. 
. @RepMcCaul is calling for a global investigation into China's "dangerous disinformation campaign." "Their pandemic-enabling malfeasance is not just an American concern, but a global one." 
#ColorMeAConspiracyTheorist but this all does feel like a #GlibalistHitJob and you know how much UN & WHO love China. #21stCenturyPlague #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Police drones being deployed in California?!?! Just like they were in China?!?!?! Why, it'll never happen here!!!! /sarcasm  …
The very first Corona patient in China explains how he got rid of it. Its truly inspiring. Please listen to it carefully and spread the message to help others.. very inspiring and touching 
I know Pakistani immigrants aren’t exactly considered the right kind of nationals but it’s our families that are helping heal ur sick + providing u w/ food rn. Hospitals, corner shops + takeaways are full of us. If citizens stuck in China & Peru can be brought back why can’t we?
Illegal drug prices surge amid pandemic. Heroin and meth prices skyrocket as cartels struggles to get chemicals they need from China. “China has pretty much stopped production on the chemicals they need to do business.” 
RT @Mision_Verdad: Today a total of 55 tons of medical supplies have been imported from China into Venezuela to deal with the coronavirus pandemic. 89 countries in general are being assisted by China with material and specialist help. 
BREAKING: The Mail on Sunday reports 10 Downing Street is furious with China for ‘lies’ and a ‘misinformation’ campaign and has said China will face a ‘reckoning’ for its response to the Coronavirus pandemic
Non Asian Australians were also on Xmas Island. Asian Australians are in hotels. But rescue flights from China were pretty much the only ones the government did. Your faux racism tweet is a disgrace.
We have been surrounded by “China virus” our whole lives. 
Use your china, folks. Every day is a special occasion.  …
Communists always lie. Action is better than tough talk. It is time to reverse the Huawei decision and treat China like the authoritarian dystopia it is. (Headline: Tomorrow’s Mail on Sunday). 
As the US strangles Venezuela with sanctions, China has sent 55 tons of tests, masks, ventilators, gear & medicine to Venezuela. China has repeatedly emphasized that they will gladly defy US sanctions to send aid to Venezuela, Iran, and Cuba. This is global south solidarity.  …
No one: Barenaked Ladies: Chickity China the Chinese chicken Everyone: okay
BBC. Doesn't trust the  out of Russia. BBC. Implicitly trusts the  out of China. Moral of the story - don't trust the BBC.
Photos are circulating on local media outlets showing vast numbers of urns at Wuhan funeral homes countering China’s official death rates.  …
Have you seen the rioting in China right now? Follow @JackPosobiec I still remain skeptical of their data
Trump should put on the memo line of all the checks he sends out. For: China Virus Relief I could see the liberals opening their mailbox now. 
Dems, If USA had caused virus you'd of course blame Trump. China caused it, yet you still blame Trump. You aren't rational ppl. You're hate-bots. Media implanted it in you; now you react to every "news" item just as you're supposed to - "Egad, NOW what is that idiot doing!?!"
4-year old #Uyghur boy’s letter to his father who is in concentration camps. At the end of the video the little boy is describing how the situation is. No letter or phone his dad can receive. #China 
Now do Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor. #China  …
A German sociologist writes here that Western responses to #COVID19 were due partly to seeing it as "Chinese" disease that couldn't affect "us" in the modern world. Measures/info out of #China were seen as authoritarian, untrustworthy, and inapplicable.  …
China tried to hide it when coronavirus first broke out in Wuhan back in Dec 2019, fined the doctor who warned the public, lied that coronavirus is not human-to-human transmittable, and bashed countries tried to close border with China. 
China faces a 'reckoning' after virus scandal... 
If anyone you love dies of Corona and you blame China and not your own govt. for not blocking flights (because every conservative liar & shill is calling it the "China virus") then you are a moron. You are beyond stupid and beneath contempt.
We must use domestic producers. I don’t understand, why Czech goverment was sending a lot of money to china fór uselles medical material, and our own producers are waiting on signal to produce( i appologise for my grammar, but maybee you undertand me)
The regime has formally asked China, South Korea, Japan, Germany, US, Israel and the EU for help fighting Covid. So far, only China is providing it. The Bolivian right has long attacked Chinese projects and cooperation under Evo. China is helping regardless. 
This is not a bio weapon. That would target our working and fighting age people. This is a bio-economic weapon. It targets those not useful to China (the old & sick) if it got out of control and boomeranged back on them while creating global economic panic. 10% death, 90% fear.
China is responsible for the "deaths and economic struggles" caused by the coronavirus." @realdonaldtrump should "deduct the cost of the bailout from our debt owed to China," to make up for the damage they've caused, says Soo Hoo. 
China's Ambassador to Venezuela says that the government of China is prepared to send a group of specialists to Venezuela. 
Remember all those times that you watched the news of coronavirus in China and thought, “dear God, if  to the U.S. we will have no ability to handle it?”
China doesn't want to be part of the global supply chain anymore. Strange decision, but hey - there's no accounting for taste.  …
Aggressive testing, tracking and masks work: Japan, Taiwan and S Korea have all shown this. China added lockdown _as well as_ that once the disaster got unmanageable. Lock down on its own is clearly insufficient, not to mention socially economically and psychologically damning  …
Can you confirm that people died because China lied? Or would that be too much like reporting facts and not doing Chinese propaganda work?
But NBC told me that China was the “global leader” in addressing the coronavirus.  …
#China is tantamount to BAD QUALITY...  …
Queen Elizabeth too?? Wait.. What If the testing process is what gives you the virus and china already knows this and they predicted that as usual, only the elites will be tested so they seized the opportunity to wipe out all the elites in order to gain world supremacy? 
Scheer - you need to feel relevant, to cast the illusion you are worthy of your tax payer funded mansion / limousine lifestyle. But you aren’t relevant. The supply of PPE is now from China to Canada. And you are trying to piss on a goverment that knows the value of cooperation.
Sometimes I keep thinking one small difference between China and west, kitchen knife. Chinese chefs normally use one knife for all dishes, one for all. But in western kitchen, different shapes, sizes, for different ingredients. Different mindsets behind them.
Meanwhile whites are blaming Chinese people for spreading the disease. Every person I know from China willingly quarantined themselves during Chinese New Year but whites just can’t give up one damn spring break  …
Ah yes, let’s distract from this government’s failure to act quick enough, failure to protect our NHS staff & woeful underfunding of our NHS by POINTING THE FINGER AT CHINA! Very predictable and sadly will probably work
Hey @piersmorgan, remember our experts said lockdowns had a finite life so had to be triggered during the rapid-growth phase? And you moaned, citing your MSc in 'common sense'? First China, now Italy. Where'd you get that MSc again, Piers?  …
“It sounds like an episode of “The Americans” or a best-selling Tom Clancy novel. But when Secretary of State Mike Pompeo looked into the faces of 40 governors and warned them that China had infiltrated their states, he wasn’t kidding.” h/t @mizdonna  
The Qiantu K50 is China's first electric  to the US 
Domestic flight operations in China's coronavirus epicentre Wuhan province will be resumed from Sunday: China's Civil Aviation Regulator (CAAC) Cc: @MoCA_GoI,  …
In a slightly irrelevant but somehow connected development, No 10 is said to be furious about "China's lies", with a strongly worded front page on Britain's most popular tabloid for tomorrow. @AmbLiuXiaoMing's team is gonna be furious 
What goes  around. Last month Canada sent 16 tons of medical equipment to China. The Canadian government was criticized in some quarters for doing that. Today, China is donating medical equipment to Canada to deal with COVID-19 pandemic  …
China created chinese virus peoples of delhi created Aam Aadmi Party virus #ArrestKejariwal
How do you say thank you China for destroying our flower industry in Dutch? bedankt China voor het vernietigen van onze bloemenindustrie! Sign this petition to demand China to pay reparations for #Wuhan virus damages.   …
Restarting China's economy is far from simple while the pandemic rages elsewhere 
I am not against him but if the  like china & italy he will be responsible first 
No10 Fury at China's lies - Boris allies warn  'reckoning' for Beijing Stricken PM warns crisis will get worse before it gets better in letter to the nation China risks 'pariah state' status unless it reforms Public support for government soars - poll 
Mississippi Gov. Tate Reeves (R) issued an executive order classifying most businesses in the state as “essential,” thereby exempting them from any shutdown orders that cities and counties issue. “Mississippi’s never going to be China,” Reeves said  …
The true extent of China’s coronavirus cover-up, and how it allowed the killer virus to  a global pandemic  …
The climate changers give China a free pass on everything. Pollute as much as you like. Now that China has infected the world with a deadly pathogen. Same thing. It's the Chinese Virus. Or Wuhan Virus.
DOH is finally doing the right thing! First, we can’t trust them! They might just bring in more virus & made in China remedies, kits, medical equipments that are not reliable! Korean were able to flatten their curve, might as well get help from them instead!  …
You might be happier in the People’s Republic of China.  …
Animal Crossing is quite popular in China right now. Despite no official release, many Switch owners are importing the game from overseas to play. Some players are creating real world scenarios in games that mirror the lockdown. E.g. Temperature checkpoint when travelling. 
Total confirmed cases of Coronavirus outside of China (81394 cases) #StayAtHomeAndStaySafe 
China donates thousands of medical masks, personal protective equipment to Canada | CTV News  …
US tariffs put on medical supplies from China during the US-China trade war has cut off the flow of medical supplies & equipment from China & created this current dire shortage. Trump still refuses to remove all tariffs while frontline American health workers are at risk & dying.  …
I’m curious how many of the infected, dead are here from other countries, particularly China and Italy. Not sure if NY is tracking that.
Is there any clarification as to why it has been possible to bring back nationals from China and Peru but not Pakistan? We’ve been patient and will continue to be if we could just be given adequate information so we can prepare best we can. I don’t want to lose my dad like this.
Today's Scapegoat for Johnson: CHINA (despite China warnings to UK ignored by Johnsonon Feb 6th to follow WHO advice)  …
WAKE UP AMERICA China Put the World In The ICU And Now Sells It The Treatment... Beijing Population: 21.54 Million Cases: 569 Deaths: 8 Shanghai Population: 24.28 Million Cases: 468 Deaths: 5 New York - Today Population: 18.8 Million Cases: 52,318+ Deaths: 728+ (Thread) 
Cuomo a few days ago: “We have  here, we have people who came here from China, who came here from Italy, who came here from all across the globe.”  …
Has China lied about the #of deaths from the corona virus? Why did they have 10,000 urns delivered if they claim only 3199 deaths?  …
Australian Reporter Rita Panahi Takes the WHO, Chinese Regime to Task Over Coronavirus Lies China was so worried about making sure they weren't blamed for the virus that they did everything in their power to keep whistleblowers quiet.  …
“Delivery of 5,000 URNS to Wuhan funeral home raises fears China is underplaying nation's death toll .” There is no doubt about China’s lies and mendacity.  …
This one reply  on posts about Taiwan has in his profile “rooting for Greater China .” My man, maybe it’s the Chinese iPhone but that’s the Samoan flag.
Correction China’s population is 20x bigger than UKs. The predicted death rate is *128x higher*   …
Chinese agency, Maoist, Bihari migrant hater, incapable of ruling only show business by buying media. President rule must be imposed else he will make it another Italy for China money  …
Discipline saved China. Indiscipline drowned Europe. Arrogance is killing America. I Hope ignorance will not kill Africans
This video shows donning and  PPEs by China Health Care Workers. So many layers and steps! This explains why very few external HCWs who went to help Wuhan were infected. Hope these can be provided to our HCWs.  …
What Xi Jhinping did to world is exactly what Arvind Kejriwal did to India?  party of china did to world is exactly what AAP did to India? 2 diff. leaders, 2 diff. nations 2 diff. parties, same ideology same thrist for power #ArrestKejariwal 
China borrowing Russian tactics to spread coronavirus disinformation  …
Thousands of Ash Urns at Wuhan Funeral Home Fuel Further Skepticism of China’s Virus Death Toll Bottom line : We just don’t know truth  …
The masks China have sent out don’t even work. Their coronavirus tests don’t work. China made reporters disappear, threatened doctors and silenced whistleblowers. But please keep telling us how much you believe their coronavirus numbers.  …
Chinese Hackers Attacked Foreign Health Care, Military, Oil Networks as Coronavirus Hit China  … via @defenseone
MAIL: No 10 fury at China’s lies 
Pro-Trump trolls attacked the tweet below more than any of my tweets. Many of the trolls attempt to deflect blame for the coronavirus outbreak in the US on China. Who’s that sound like? #IDontTakeResponsibilityAtAll Trolls really hate the tweet below. So please RT  …
Today we were delighted to receive the first part of a donation of more than 200,000 items of PPE from Bank of China that will now be distributed as part of our response to Covid-19 
Ladies and Gentlemen, The Made in China  …
1) China travel restrictions only happened AFTER US carriers cut flights. 2) Trump continued to downplay the virus for seven weeks. Seven. 3) Ramping up testing and and ICU beds and equipment when he learned of the threat would have avoided some of what's going on now.  …
The forests are dying. Across Africa, but especially in Senegal from where they’re smuggled to China through The Gambia.  …
#covid19 #coronavirus For emergency transportation of medical supplies and masks from #China to #Europe, Lufthansa Airlines uses not only transport but also passenger 
But wait...I thought they were on the decline and the threat was over in China.  …
a good indicator of how screwed we are is that doctors and officials continue to believe china's obviously bs data  …
. @SenSchumer After it became clear that Trump had made the 100% correct decision in stopping flights from China, a decision you called xenophobic, did you ack that Trump was right and u were wrong? Or did u move on immediately to your next knee-jerk false accusation of him?
Guys. Using China’s reported Covid statistics to make predictions as though there is any possibility that they are even close to the real numbers just makes you look silly.
The below timeline shows how badly the Trudeau gov bungled the response: refusing to close flights from China; refusing proper airport screening; telling us that the risk to Canada was low. Had they done otherwise, we would not have lost so many lives and jobs.  …
Delivery of 5,000 URNS to funeral home in coronavirus epicentre Wuhan raises fears China is underplaying nation's official 3,300 death toll 
On CNN Cuomo just said the idea of turning New York into a Wuhan, China lockdown is ludicrous. “It would drop like a stone,” Cuomo just said about the stock market.
#Wuhan re-opens train stations, metro, signaling end of lockdown #China 
The systemic decoupling from China's grip on supply chains has been already taking place prior to the #Covid19 outbreak, but the #Coronavirus crisis has been the trigger of major supply chains disruption that might result in a major shock to the #GlobalSystem.  …
Someone sit @AndrewScheer down and explain, in simple terms, that sending PPE to China to help them to contain the virus was PROACTIVE protection of Canadians. It would have been IRRESPONSIBLE not to. China is sending PPE to Canada, and Bank of China just donated more.  …
It’s almost like, and hear me out on this one, China’s leadership is bad and untrustworthy.
Passengers still flying from China to Canada with zero health checks. Absurd. 
China donates thousands of medical masks, personal protective equipment to Canada  
WHO accused of 'carrying China's water' after official refuses to acknowledge Taiwan during bizarre interview  …
Very good point @zeynep A friend of mine in China says that everyone is wearing a mask of some sort now in order to avoid getting the virus. #coronavirus #Covid_19 #COVID19toronto  …
>dude unirocally denies that China won't try to retake Taiwan on the next 5 Years  …
Those of you that tested positive to the coronavirus without symptoms, don’t be scared. The equipments were made in China!
"China and Russia have both seized on the novel coronavirus to wage disinformation campaigns that seek to sow doubts about the United States’ handling of the crisis," reports the NYT. So Joe Biden is using Chinese AND Russian talking points.
Unsure whether Twitter 'sorts' this stuff out for me so that I see disproportionate/unrepresentative amounts of these stories, but it sure seems like everything China is now 'donating' (aka selling) to the West as part of their COVID-19 propaganda management is defective garbage.
Perhaps it is time for the world to socially distance from China. #ChinaLiedPeopleDied  …
France has ordered over one billion face masks, most from China - minister  
Everyone is blaming China for the coronavirus when I think we all know the REAL culprit is none other than Carole Baskin 
Thanks for posting this @joshrogin. The call never “dropped.” The cash China put in his pocket coerced his ears not to hear the question initially. The second time, to his credit, he was blatantly clear that he was bought off. But we still stand with Taiwan!  …
China Gives Chilly Response to Request for U.S. Journalists to Remain in Country 
Anyone on this website who is still fretting about Russia or China is basically just bragging that they have a lot less to worry about right now than most people.
Mr Trump stopped flight's from China in late January. Most called him racist. Flight's from China are landing today in Vancouver. Please do Canada. Why don't you hold Trudeau accountable? You have disappointed Canadian's Andrew
That’s why India has lesser cases than others because iNdia is first country to stop flights from China, when rest of countries did noting its india which took measures  #coronavirus so till now because of Indian government, it’s under control but now its up to 
This shipment from China arrived 4 days ago (a day before the original @globeandmail story aired). Stop with the petty politics already. That’s outrageous.   …
Italy has the 2nd strongest healthcare system in the world. While the  in at a pathetic 37th place. If you thought Italy was bad, wait 3 weeks when the peak in the US is reached. We’re doomed. We’ve already surpassed the number of cases in China, Italy and Spain.
Check the history of Dr Tam and the WHO and the head of WHO and its cosy relationship with china  …
France has ordered more than 1 BILLON FACE MASKS, the vast majority from China to help deal with #Coronavirus rampage! I wonder how many masks Africa has ordered up/stocked? We know Jack Ma donated 6 
China is on the ballot in November: Biden sold out America so Hunter could get paid in China. Trump has been warning of this crisis for decades. I'm with Trump.
Never trust China  …
The first Aer Lingus plane to leave Dublin Airport this morning for China to collect personal protective gear was named after our Parish Patron Saint, St. Ronan. St. Ronan Pray For Us. 
Ireland needs to end dependence on antagonistic states like Communist China and  more self- sufficient for essential drugs, medical equipment and other technology. #irishfreedom #COVID19ireland 
Senior WHO official won't answer question on Taiwan, the call drops, then he is asked again and says Taiwan is an "area of China" and ends the call again. Wow.  …
Don't let China see that thing, they will try to cook it for dinner!
Now I know not all made in China is fake... #CoronavirusOutbreak
There is a petition circulating for the removal of the WHO Director General because of how it handled the virus and its relationship with China.  …
Passengers from China arriving at Toronto's Pearson International Airport: Their temperatures aren't being checked, but they ARE getting... pamphlets! (In French and English, not Mandarin or Cantonese...) SEE the FULL report:  #cdnpoli 
Don’t buy important products from China. How many times do we have to re-learn the same damn lesson?  …
@ArvindKejriwal #ArrestKejariwal Are you a sibling of Chinese. What china did yo world.. you are doing it to India... Shame on you 
"Masks" is codeword for Shell Companies: Are  and people WW trying to flee to China with suitcases of money? POTUS says he is talking to Xi about the "virus". The "hidden enemy" hides behind MASKS. 
Per @AmerAcadPeds, infants in #China had higher rates of serious #COVID19 than older kids: ~11% had severe or critical cases vs 7% in 1-5 yo, 4% in 6-10 yo, 4% in 11-15 yo and 3% in 16+ yo. Moms don't have antibodies to this new virus to pass to  …
Can't believe China - they lie about everything. WHO has been so often wrong re virus that they might as well be lying. CDC is run by a guy who thinks Hillary is deserving and capable. And our media will tell any lie abt anything to harm Trump. Why believe any narrative?
Now that Canada is rationing masks, Trudeau faces backlash for donating medical supplies to China.
Bizarre. Did China just conveniently stop reporting consumer confidence? No updates in almost 4 months now. Makes sense. You wouldn’t want to screw up that 24-year record “reached” in December. In reality, peak consumer confidence is long gone worldwide. 
Always remember: China lied, people died. 
#COVID19: tracking death tolls , , & on worse trajectories than China. 
The Aer Lingus plane sent to pick up €20m worth of PPE from China has landed in Beijing 
What s surprise. We need to reset with China.  …
Airbus is deploying an air-bridge between Europe and China to deliver face mask supplies  …
China is waiting for covid to finish its round of the globe so it can blame its own second outbreak (with an accurately reported death toll plus the hitherto unreported victims of the first outbreak) on western failure to contain it. Mark my words and save this tweet.
Watch this train station in Wuhan, China get disinfected as the city prepares to end its coronavirus lockdown on April 8. 
By this logic the People's Republic of China is a republic were people vote people into office.
China's pet 
Figures Evidence suggests The Spanish Flu started in China as well. Just like in Italy today, the 1918-19 virus "was carried to France by Chinese migrant workers".  …
Once again @WHO org within @UN, is carrying #China propaganda. Questions must be asked ⁦ @WhiteHouse⁩ ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ re: whether to FUND this! #ChinaLiedPeopleDied allowed to happen by covering up #COVID19 w/them. #MSM must be as  …
Coronavirus deaths cross 30,000 7 countries - Italy, Spain, China, Iran, France, UK, US - make up over 88% of all fatalities
No it will never be China. It will not invest in first class education, science, and infrastructure.
Watch this insane clip of @WHO doctor hanging up on a journalist who asked about Taiwan, and then refusing to answer the question by saying "we've already talked about China."  …
They've been LYING the entire time!!! Why are flights from CHINA  here??? No wonder President @realDonaldTrump is militarizing the Northern border!
China must be made to pay for this catastrophe.
Is this the same quality of equipment and test kits China used on its own population? If so, it could explain a LOT.  …
When u look at Covid numbers in  to China or Europe, please look at death numbers as well. Even though US has most cases, we are way down the list for fatalities, and that’s a huge part of the story. Don’t twist it. Look at all the info.
Just a over month ago, weren’t @maddow @AOC @Ilhan etal chastising @realDonaldTrump for disallowing travel from China? In the span of about 6 weeks, how’d we suddenly transpose to ‘months behind’. Now show me your ‘reports’ @maddow when you called out 44 in the midst of  …
Not if we can help it... Xi Jinping: China to Expand Pharmaceutical Monopoly, Keep ‘Unfettered Flow of Trade’  …
New, March 28th: U.S. caseload trajectory the worst in the world -- by far. Deaths now outpace China's by wide margin at same stage and are now doubling every three days. Great job 
What China did was just a PR stunt. Every expert called it a PR Stunt. If you are running out of Hosp beds during a Lockdown, You will use Public places like Schools, Stadiums etc as a quarantine facility. Spending 10 days to build hosp. was a waste of resources n money.
CHINA PLAYBOOK: 1. Your population gets plague from eating filthy, exotic animals 2. Cover-up plague 3. Let infected population travel the world infecting other nations 4. Watch as thousands of innocents die around planet 5. Sell them shit that does not work 6. Profit 7. Repeat 
Does no one in US media really understand why WHO doesn’t count Taiwan’s numbers? Is demanding that WHO stop “sucking up to Communists” a signal of warlike intent towards China by the US right?
This thing where states are insisting New Yorkers quarantine themselves remind me of the movement to quarantine  in from China two months ago. That worked well.
Mississippi Gov. Tate Reeves rejects a state lockdown for COVID-19, and says "Mississippi's never gonna be China." 
I don't know if you can blame the Chinese government for opportunistic Chinese sellers making masks, but we now have defective masks and COVID-19  from China. They have no interest in helping us with honest data or regulating products - they are not our friends here.
The coronavirus crisis is prompting a generational awakening in China that could match that of World War II and shape the Communist Party’s authoritarian bargain for decades  
Deep CNN Model for #COVID19 Forecasting in China. #BigData #Analytics #DataScience #AI #MachineLearning #DeepLearning #IoT #IIoT #Python #RStats #JavaScript #ReactJS #CloudComputing #Serverless #Linux #Programming #Coding #100DaysofCode #HealthTech  
I've had multiple manufacturers in China contact me about N95 masks in recent weeks. I had no interest in selling them and I was scared the masks would not work, and it looks like my fears were warranted. Problem is many *are* buying them... and selling/donating to hospitals.  …
Dear Mr. #BestPresidentEver45 @realDonaldTrump : #WhenThisIsOver I WANT OUR #USA TO BE INDEPENDENT OF #China JUST LIKE YOU'VE MADE US INDEPENDENT OF #SaudiArabia #MakeAmericaEvenGreater #ChinaExit 
Instead of focusing on how china has been making Spain and Italy pay for faulty masks and coronavirus testing the NYT is running fan fiction that a MD colonel has  a lacky for trump Priorities I guess...  …
China is either too stupid to know that the tests are not working, or It is a fraudster selling it to the world knowing that these tests are not working. In both cases, China is an unreliable country.
Creepy WHO response when democratic Taiwan mentioned. The #coronavirus crisis has confirmed how deeply this part of the UN is under China’s control. The WHO scandalously ignored Taiwan’s warnings about what was happening in Wuhan, consistently accepting China’s line.  …
Let's just put this in the open, because we can't claim ignorance anymore. If you are OK buying these products (Apple, Nike, Gap, cheap products, etc) from China, you are OK with forced/child/underpaid labor  …
Irish flight arrives in China to collect PPE as stocks "BEGIN TO RUN LOW" says @HSELive Dear @paulreiddublin @CMOIreland @paulconnors27 Can you just stop spinning, for one day. Just one day. People are dying. This is serious. It's not about  …
No lie, this is really the cover of Rolling Stone. Say — why do you think Greta has never, not even once, criticized Communist China, the greatest emitter of greenhouse gases in the world? 
Despite the unreliability of the official data, the trend in Turkey shows that the curve will go higher than Italy and China. The unofficial numbers look much higher. It is terrifying for those in overcrowded and unhealthy prison conditions. ZamanDaralıyor AcilTahliye 
Nothing China says means a thing. Like Adam Schiff. If a virus outbreak is natural, u inform ppl, quarantine them, & bring in experts to do what they can to stop the spread. If your mistake caused the outbreak, THAT'S when you cover it up for a month or more & then lie re origin.
This is senior adviser to the director general of the @WHO Reminder the WHO has parroted Chinese propaganda from day 1 & was only last month condemning travel bans against China. 
People now unfairly targeting China because of some faulty masks or testing kits sold by unscrupulous exporters. China, like many exporting countries, has traders who will send faulty items to make a fast buck. One should always have an agent present to ensure quality control.
The #NYPD reported its 2nd death due to the new #CCPVirus from #China as over 500 employees test positive and more than 4,000 workers have called out sick.  …
The groundswell of support has begun for Communist China to pay financial damages for the regime's lies and coverup of the global Chinese coronavirus pandemic.  …
Compare & Contrast: #China covered-up the #CoronavirusOutbreak , silenced medical whistle blowers and deports foreign journalists. #Taiwan applied a successful science & rights based approach to #COVID19 &  foreign journalists.  …
I wonder what China would do if the US decided to not pay the $1.1T it owes them in loans as partial payment to the US for Covid 19 damages? OMG! Just imagine the WHO & UN response to that! Sorry....dreaming the dream here today!!
Outrageous! This is how China is manipulating @WHO. No wonder WHO crawled when it should have exposed China’s lies and propaganda. How is the WHO Chief still holding that position even after 30000 deaths due to 
This Scheer tweet is sheer stupidity; Canada donated to China when China was the #Covid_19 epicentre, because we are all in this together. The virus knows no boundaries. Now, China returns the favour. Conservatives are too small minded to ever be in power.  …
Compare the shape of these curves for China & South Korea. Do we really believe that China’s Deaths Per Day was over 100 for only 11 days and then, overnight it miraculously fell BY HALF? No way. Source:  
The #Dutch government has launched a recall of 600,000 of masks purchased from #China because they do not meet quality standards and offer inadequate protection. NOS 
Like an arsonist trying to get credit for putting out the fire, China sold Czech Republic and Spain test kits and Netherlands masks. But they don’t work.
I'm just gonna point out that this is the longest that 'something made in china' has ever lasted. Do with information what you will.
Can blame China until one is blue in the face but the failure to stand up massive and rapid testing in the US is entirely on the Trump Administration. This account is infuriating.  …
U.S. media outlets have seized on the coronavirus outbreak to wage disinformation campaigns that seek to undermine China and Russia and their handling of the crisis, rather than addressing public criticism of America's own struggles with the pandemic  …
They said this is what China did to us #CoronaUpdate 
Just two days ago, NBC ran an article that appeared to praise China’s efforts in asserting itself as a so-called global leader. All along it was faulty equipment they were sending to other nations.   …
There is a problem, it seems, with the #coronavirus tests kits China has been providing to various countries. Half of them don't work. So let's be a little careful before uncritically praising the gesture in public and setting a public narrative that is simply not warranted.
My 2 cents: I think corona WAS natural, but this version escaped via lab accident. 1. So much covering up & lying by China. 2. If virus cannot live on inanimate objects, why we seeing them sprayed in China & S. Korea? 3. So much more deadly than flu. 4. Young ppl no symptoms (?)
I don’t know wether there is any political will and desire among  to move manufacturing hub out of China. But the world is literally at mercy of Chinese monsters right now because they put all their eggs in one basket.
China donates thousands of medical masks, personal protective equipment to Canada  
Missing the old country? China, Venezuela, and North Korea will  you with open arms. I hear Otto Warmbier’s cell is vacant.  …
Consider this: China population - 1.4 Billion Infection Spread - 51/1Million citizens US population - 331,OOO,OOO IS - 358/1Million What that means: The US has <¼ China's population but 6X it's rate of Infection Spread. Trump can say whatever he wants but China is handling
Most of the Chinese medical supplies are not working in #spain #netherland #CzechRepublic #Turkey #China #coronavirus #chinesevirus 
Modi is expecting his 'friend' Trump to help him out from #CoronaCrisis, but Trump is struggling to survive himself as US is the world leader now with #Corona infection. Modi should shed his ego and ask Xi for China's help. Otherwise, it might cost thousands of lives.
At this point, does anyone believe what China is telling us. They gave us this virus, we saw people literally falling over dead standing in their hospitals. Phone service cut off on over 20,000 accounts. Massive amount of urns being delivered. China lies!  …
Thanks for following. It’s Bremmer. Actual political scientist. And pretty clear that the US response is late/poor. China’s response extremely robust after initial coverup. Looks like economy will be fully back up by May.
"The lesson of this plague isn’t that America should stop cooperating with China. It’s that America must rebuild the public-health cooperation that the Trump administration helped destroy," @peterbeinart 
Irish flight arrives in China to collect PPE as stocks begin to run low  …
The world should be bold enough to have a CHINA CONVERSATION when we all triumph over this. A must....both for health and the economy.
China will always China Remember that before you embrace them as your savior — in this crisis, or any  …
How China keeps track of its citizens (it’s even creepier than you’d imagined) 
On top of the urns, Communist China insists ALL Citizens carry a Cell phone so they can track them. 21 million cell phones have gone silent in past 30 days. Guangdong Province & Hubei Province( Wuhan City) + others in between have 40/45 million pop. Real death toll ?  …
#TrumpGenocide Jan 22, 2020. “No risk of a Pandemic, everything is under control, we trust China”. 
The blockade on Cuba means patients here can't access the Cuban anti-viral drug used to treat COVID-19 patients in China. The trade war with China put costly tariffs on supplies hospitals are now short on. Time for folks to see how their interests diverge from that of US empire.
Taiwan is an independent nation. Tibet is a nation under Chinese occupation. Hong Kong deserves autonomy. China is responsible for the worldwide spread of COVID-19 via coverups and propaganda. Fuck the Chinese Communist Party.
Thank you China, for sending 1.3 million face masks to The Netherlands....... Next time please send a bit better quality.... 600,000 have to be thrown away because they don’t protect against Corona.
Made in China smart watch can detect heartbeat in a potato 
Molly Jong-Fast, an editor at @thedailybeast, refuses to credit the President for early steps he took in January to fight the coronavirus, including restricting travel from China. In fact, it was her own publication which failed to take it seriously. 
China is very grateful to chubby @joeLockhart for helping them in their struggle against the evil American capitalist  …
Corona Conspiracy Hour #CCH ep 1: Chinese Urns & Cell Phones China reported 3,000 deaths but are shipping tens of thousands of urns to funeral homes. Also 21M cell phone accounts have been canceled in the last 3 months. WHY?? Real Eyes realize WATCH:  
China is giving other countries knock offs and keeping the legit stuff for themselves.
Covid-19 is a mild  to more virulent ones. Yes, it kills quickly. But ebola is deadlier and kills faster. There was no state of emergency or curfew in Kenya when ebola broke out in the DRC which is nearer to Kenya than China and killed more than 11,000. #uhurumustgo
I can understand test kits not working. Detecting viruses of few nm size is not easy, it is high tech stuff. But how can mask not work? What shit China is making?  …
Remember when China was taking the lead on helping the world?  …
Well, China should.  …
Apx number of ppl dying/day due to virus- Italy 900 Spain 700 France 400 USA 400 UK 300 China Lying. People dying.
This chart shows ALL countries with several days of data over 100 confirmed cases, so you  case trajectories in the US to the UAE or China to Chile. 70 countries shown. Live versions of all charts here:  
China knows the cure to this their coronavirus
We greatly appreciate the help, assistance accorded by our brotherly nation of China in these challenging and testing times. Your expertise, specialized paraphernalia constitute invaluable help. @zlj517 @SpokespersonCHN @MFA_China #ChinaPakSolidarity  …
The WHO as China’s puppet org.  …
America will be forever changed by the Chinese Virus: -borders will be more secure -essential factories brought back from China -more support for 2A -greater appreciation for family and friends 
After Chinese 640,000 test-kits were reported duds in Italy, now a report from Netherlands that says half of the 1.3 million face-masks supplied by China are defective. In other words, the only  coming out of China right now is propaganda. 
Interesting timeline. -A virus starts in China -China arrests doctors -China destroys evidence -China doesn’t shut down travel until after the virus has made it out of their country -China lies about virus’s origins -China now delivers faulty testing kits to world.
Quite extraordinary. #China is doing what the @WHO told us not to do when this first started. If there had been  travel ban from the start we wouldn’t all be sitting home with no work and no schools and people dying in their hundreds. There - I said it
This was long after covid19 was seen spreading among people. I don’t know the internal politics of the WHO, but we have strong evidence this isn’t  it’s perverse incentives and politics. They act strangely subservient to China.  …
It’s my review of #CoronaVirus and #China Plan! Watch n RT please!!  via @YouTube
Dear foreigners Inferior China-made mask will give you false security As a Hong Kong mother, my idea of China Communist Party: CCP create the problem CCP not let you obtain solutions from others At ur most difficult time, they offer you expensive offer that you can't reject
30,000 people have now died from Coronavirus around the world. In all this, We would never forget that: China downplayed the virus, China silenced whistleblowers, China gave the world a pandemic, And China ruined many country’s economy.
. @chinaorgcn PLS REPORT It’s #CRUCIAL That . @china #BanWildLife/ #WetMarkets & #DogCatMeatTrade During #SARS #China #Banned #CivetCat.. #Consumption.. Then #Lifted The #Ban Now #COVID19 #WuhanVirus Is #Effecting The These #Bans Must Be #PERMANENT 
Really? REALLY? Let’s have a look at 1.3 billion pop China so far. And 80 million Germany And 51 million S Korea. That is what “doing well” looks like. Did you get prepared and challenge him because the public are entitled to know? 
People can go to WHO website, read/listen its press briefing for past 2 months to see if their govts have heeded the repeated warnings. If they had, got prepared and acted fast, the situation won’t be as bad as today. China, S Korea and Singapore took major actions fast.
Turkey, Spain & Czech are throwing out 1000s of tests sent by China because they don’t work. The Netherlands just announced nearly half of its Chinese tests are faulty. China’s coronavirus diplomacy suddenly not going so well.  …
What absolute rubbish! Their virus is killing Canadians and you’re glad handing over equipment from China? Why don’t you get the two Michaels free instead of kissing their asses?  …
China is charging countries for defective goods for medical use in the fight against the coronavirus. Amazing. China is asshole.
China's brand goes from strength to strength. 
So @Twitter lets China spew false information, but @RudyGiuliani is a bridge too far? Nobody is surprised. @POTUS needs to step in. Stop fucking around.
My Senator @HawleyMO who quotes bible verses weekly, rails against China, wanted to censure #Schumer has not made a peep re possible insider trading by @SenatorBurr selective outrage. No issue with Russian election interference or lies by  …
Wait, we can't blame China for faulty tests, and masks and....whatever else because that would be Rascisssssst!  …
#COVID19 deaths UK hoping for 20k  South Korea, population 55m, deaths 144 German population 83m, deaths 45 Japan population 127m, deaths 49 China population 1.386bn, deaths 3500 Italy population 60.5m, deaths 10.000 Spain population 46.66m, deaths 5690 Fuck Boris
China’s test kits don’t work, neither their masks, and France @EmmanuelMacron has ordered 1 BILLION masks from China,  … the majority to be defective. Infect the world, sell shoddy crap to increase infections, keep making profit. Vile #CCPVirus  …
Does anyone feel that #China has weaponized this virus?  …
China seeks thanks and respect for its virus response 
China are cheeky you know how can they leave us mid beef
Why would any country purchase masks or tests from China to protect themselves from a virus China lied about which led to a global disaster? Its like ordering military equipment from Isis. (Remember Isis? They were a dangerous terrorist group before POTUS Trump decimated them.)
There's no 'backlash.' Andrew Scheer is too small minded to understand we donated when China was THE epicentre. Now China returns the favour donating 30,000 masks, 10,000 sets of protective clothing, 10,000 goggles and 50,000 pairs of gloves to Canada.  …
To all my @gbbasketball and @basketballscot peeps. If you are looking for something to do tonight here is the link to @gbbasketball win against China at the London Olympics. It was our dear friend @RobertArchibald last ever game #RIPArch #britishbasketball 
Just because someone is from China that does not make them in any way responsible for this pandemic. You should not hate them or blame them simply for being Chinese. I CANNOT BELIEVE this is something that needs to be said in 2020. Fuck racism
China is creating a 'fortress' to keep #coronavirus a foriegn 
How many countries has this happened to now? China sold other countries faulty tests now faulty masks to protect themselves against a virus that Chinese authorities allowed to engulf the globe  …
Silent story of Uighurs. China detained 3-4 million Uighurs in camps,sent young Uighurs to labour camps, separated them from land,family,loved ones,children. She wants to tell everything,but can’t . CCP censorship. #ChinaLiesPeopleDie #china #WuhanVirus #uyghur #uighur 
Useful analysis by @bencowling88 @gmleunghku et al of changes in case definition during the early COVID-19 outbreak in China, and what the underlying outbreak may have actually looked like  … 
But let's keep repeating China's claims on case numbers, deaths, and containment without any skepticism...  …
China’s foreign minister Wang Yi told his Indian counterpart S. Jaishankar over phone, "Don't fucking call Covid-19 as ‘China virus’"
It is so strange to see an Aer Lingus flight over China and descending to Beijing on my Flight Radar App. Extraordinary times in Ireland but so proud. Bring back what we need for our people. Thank you ⁦ @rtenews⁩ ⁦ 
THINGS THE CHINA VIRUS WILL END FOREVER: - Open Borders - China manufacturing our pharmaceuticals/essential goods - Trusting the World Health Organization - The idea that Socialized medicine is superior to private care - Faith in Media - Nancy Pelosi’s Speakership - Communism
Plz Dont spread rumors that #AmitShah is missing.. @AmitShah is busy purchasing MPs in China to get get full Rights n ownership of the #Coronavirus himself.. #UnescoVerifiedFact 
Wait, I thought we Hong Kongers were supposed to be the "violent rioters" (according to Chinese officials and state media). Looks like we still have a lot to learn from our great motherland. #china #protests  …
Donald J. Trump: Kick China out of the World Trade Organization - Sign the Petition!  via @Change
Leaders in China (Wuhan) and Italy (Lombardy) botched the quarantine orders by leaking them, allowing millions to move before the lockdown and spread COVID Fortunately, that wouldn't happen in the USA because we have a leader who is deliberate, cautious, informed and .. Oh fuck  …
Flaccid, feckless @AndrewScheer has tested positive for idiocy, short-sightedness, divisiveness & lacking human decency. China is already reciprocating the gesture @JustinTrudeau extended when they were in need. Keep up the posturing @CPC_HQ - the @liberal_party will be  …
China's a really big problem but only because westerners took its bribes.  …
Powerful and disturbing piece. WHO is in the pocket of China and covering up China’s despicable role in this disaster.  …
China is lying! China is lying! China is lying! China is lying! China is lying! China is lying! China is lying! China is lying! China is lying! China is lying! China is lying! China is lying! China is lying! China is lying! China is lying! CHINA IS LYING 2 THE WORLD
See here China’s #fakereciprocity. “We give you the virus and then the “equipment” to manage it.” Note also that Spain and Italy have received junk and  shipments in the last week. #cdnfp  …
Made in #China 
Urn Deliveries In Wuhan Raise Questions About China's Real Coronavirus Death Toll  … via @gatewaypundit
China has announced emergency aid to 83 countries, WHO, the AU & other int’l organizations, many of which have been delivered. The Chinese Government & the Chinese Embassy in TZ will donate urgently needed medical and protective supplies to help TZ fight 
In retrospect maybe China deciding they needed to build a hospital in ten fucking days and then doing it should have been a hint for the US.
The Dutch government has launched a recall of 100,000s of masks purchased from China because they do not meet quality standards and offer inadequate protection. 
Brainwashing children with "cLiMaTe ChAnGe" after China infects world with virus to own the Republicans! These people are sick!
Come to think of it, the economy of the whole world except China is now at risk. Just thinking, no conspiracy theories.
Biological Warfare. There is no other answer for what China is doing.
China is bad and everything they have done has worsened the crisis that originated in Wuhan, pass it on.  …
Last week, @SenTomCotton and @RepGallagher introduced legislation to end U.S. dependency on China for pharmaceutical manufacturing. And the Trump administration has been working closely with the private sector to ramp up production for vital supplies.  …
The Mission Flight Aer Lingus EI 9018 is now about 15 minutes out on its approach to Beijing Airport in China. If you Flight Radar app., you can view this Historic Flight ⁦ @rtenews⁩ ⁦ 
Another incredibly large, unfortunate, and deadly war is in our future. It will be over China’s totalitarianism, their imperialism, economic hegemony, and the fact that they want to turn every impartial international organization into their personal propaganda outlet.  …
Don't buy #Chinese Don't buy from #China Boycott #China
Bolivia's regime will accept Chinese medical aid, following pressure from the MAS. Even the US client states are turning to China.  …
Delivery of 5,000 URNS to funeral home in coronavirus epicentre Wuhan raises fears China is underplaying nation's official 3,300 death toll 
I saw a Hong Konger today saying that the territory is "occupied by the CCP"- you know it's as if that whole British annexation, colonialism and rightful handover to China didn't happen or something.
Stop ordering malfunctioned medical equipment (or anything else) from China!
5/71 Jan. 27: The CDC issued Level 3 travel health notice: Americans avoid all nonessential travel to China due to the coronavirus. Jan. 29: The White House announced the Coronavirus Task Force to monitor & contain the spread of the virus and provide updates to the President.
Yet more Chinese aid that appears to have been for propaganda “China is helping” purposes only  …
Sean: Most rational people knew a long time ago not to take China’s word for things. THAT’S why we have intelligence agencies. Those very agencies tried to get your boss to take this seriously. He CHOSE NOT TO! Only idiots believe the words of our adversaries. See, e.g. Helsinki  …
It’s not from China, it’s form a chinese supplier, there are thousands. Buyers need to do their homework. Putting this kind of bias in everything chinese is not very smart as China is the only country that has the capacity  close to market demand at the moment
No 'journalist' or debate moderator will ask Joe Biden to explain how he can be tough on China after helping Hunter Biden close a $1.5 billion deal with the regime while he was vice president. But Trump will. Biden cannot hide forever.
2/71 Jan. 7: The CDC established a coronavirus incident management system to better share and respond to information about the virus. Jan. 11: The CDC issued a Level I travel health notice for Wuhan, China.
There's a difference between "China" and "masks imported from China". We shouldn't blame China because some idiot in the Netherlands didn't know how to buy from China, which, let me tell you is not easy.
The fears that China was potentially halting medical supply exports do not seem to have materialized. China’s exports of important medical products declined LESS than the rest of its exports to the world.  
And, in China, millions fled the Wuhan metro area and Hubei province after it was announced the regional lockdowns were going to occur but before they did. Trump is, once again, doing the very thing that will increase deaths.  …
This is an appreciation tweet for the frontline soldiers of PM @ImranKhanPTI who are on field in fight against #Coronavirus from day 1. @sayedzbukhari and @zfrmrza Arranging logistics, traveling, overseas Pakistanis, meeting parents of students in China , relief operations! 
If you can believe the Communist Party of China or the Iranian Mullah's to give accurate figures.  …
ER doc was fired in Washington for talking about our lack of preparedness. Anyway, China and their regressive, draconian silencing tactics amiright?  …
Also China made mask-wearing mandatory in numerous provinces and cities in early February. China is not in the "no mask" category.  …
First, there was so much mask-wearing in China that in early February there were mask shortages. China manufactures 20 billion masks a year, so those shortages affect places in the "masks" group too.  …
Imagine this guy, who almost gave his personal cell number on live TV (see below): 1) with nuclear codes 2) negotiating with world leaders 3) dealing with a pandemic like the Wuhan China Covid-19 Chinese Coronavirus 4) remembering what Jill told him he had for lunch SMH. 
Countries need to stop accepting assistance from China. From faulty tests to faulty masks I am certain they are deliberately sending crap supplies to people.
80% of the rapid test kits sent by China to the Czech Republic were faulty. Venezuela received 500,000 rapid test kits from China today  …
WATCH: Senior WHO Official Avoids Taiwan Question, Talks About China, Abruptly Ends Interview  
. @WHO Expert Mysteriously Disappears From Website After Carrying Water for China  … #NewsandPolitics via @pjmedia_com #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
Also, The Czech Republic received 150,000 coronavirus test kits from China. About 80% of those tests gave false results.   …
The west believe that they have a monopoly on political "truth" and "authenticity". Therefore, when a non-western country such as China  powerful and begins to exert influence and its own interests and viewpoints on organizations and others, there is a reactionary backlash
I don’t know if that’s an insult or  coming from WHO. They should’ve been in China on the ground assessing the situation before sending out a ‘all is good’ tweet. Blindsided many countries. Many are dead. Trump immediately stopped flights from China.  …
600,000 masks delivered by China to the Netherlands do not work, offer no protection. Many already in use 
Half of the masks delivered by China to the Netherlands were faulty and didn’t provide protection for doctors. Venezuela received 5 million masks from China today #China #Coronavirus  …
China made a group chat, invited the whole world and LEFT  …
China said:  
When the right decides to pivot from calling in the "China virus" to calling it the "New York virus"...not going to be great for the Jews.
China: Grabs people off the street, welds them inside their homes, blatantly lies about the numbers. Also has concentration camps for groups of ethnic minorities. You: "CaPiTaLiSm KiLlS"  …
cant stop thinking about the first time i met the owner of  i work for and he asked me where i was from & i proceeded to tell him about how i was adopted from china and ive been raised in philly ever since & then he stopped me and said “no, what department are u from.” 
China went from reporting 15 000 cases a day to "0 cases today, all clear guys" in an instant. Excuse my disbelief.  …
U.S. Naval College Professor: China Should Make Full Reparations For Damage To U.S. 
China did not only lie to us about coronavirus they are now sending faulty medical equipment to affected nations. This is beginning to look like China did not only know about the seriousness of this virus but also intentionally kept the world in dark.
 home page brings up PARSA vs GOOGLE lawsuit And CHINA  … Along with many other interesting tag 
Faulty test kits and faulty mask from China. This kills people.  …
We need a word for China-induced rejection of human values by people who think of themselves as liberal. Cowardice doesn't quite get at it, though it features. It may or may not be corruption. But it's def gross.  …
China is responsible for the "deaths and economic struggles" caused by the coronavirus." @realdonaldtrump should "deduct the cost of the bailout from our debt owed to China," to make up for the damage they've caused, says Soo Hoo. 
Massive Protest Breaks Out in China’s Hubei Province, Ground Zero for the Coronavirus-Huge protest march in China’s Hubei province Friday, with thousands of angry residents pouring across a bridge into neighboring Jiangxi province and clashing with  
BREAKING - France orders over 1 billion face masks, the vast majority from China.
Hey lol filmmaker, I was talking about the beginning of spread of coronavirus from China in Dec 2019. Data in my tweet about 12 men is correct. I've wasted my time on you. You've problem with my tweet, not with facts. You run propaganda in name of Islamophobia. Now get lost.
As China's frontline health workers returned home from Wuhan, one city offered them a free 14-day meal plan. In another, cash was given to their families. In Guizhou province, they were rewarded with fancy liquor — if they bought it for $210 a bottle. 
On 2/5/2020 @realDonaldTrump Admin briefed congressional members on #COVID19 in which he REFUSED funding for preparedness. 2/7/2020 $100 Million in #PPE was sent to #CHINA. Now @NatlGovsAssoc beg for assistance! His #COVID19 SIGNING STATEMENT BLOCKS OVERSIGHT. #CORRUPTION
It seems that China is playing a game with a rest of the world. Or only me suspicious about it? Something is going on that nobody knows...
I remember when libs used to defend Muslims they were like "actually Muslims are the biggest victims of Islamic terrorism" so I expected them to be like "actually Chinese are the biggest victims of corona" but instead they're just like "China good. Fuck white people"
600,000 face masks from China were revoked after being distributed to Dutch hospitals because they don't meet safety criteria and tests reveal.
Why hasn't Hunter Biden been called to testify before congress? This MF took crazy deals from CHINA and Ukraine! What are yall waiting on? Jesus  back? I'm pissed right now!!
55 ton cargo includes rapid tests, infrared thermometers, masks, medicines, hospital equipment and protection elements. Thank you China, for providing genuine humanitarian assistance despite relentless slander from the U.S. govt and its massive propaganda apparatus. 
. @TheMenzoid asked passengers arriving at #YYZ from China if they'd been screened on arrival. Their answers might surprise you... WATCH the FULL video:  #cdnpoli 
Been reading a bit about China and the WHO. The @WHO is going to have a lot to answer for after all this, assuming accountability is a thing that's even possible at the global level. Lolz.
They sent supplies to China because: a) It was a wise proactive measure to slow the spread, and not let the point of origin get worse than it was b) It's the right thing to do. We're all in this together Now, they've reciprocated. So, what's your  …
The role of the WHO is to “build a better, healthier future for people all over the world,” not be a mouthpiece for the CCP. China watchers have for some time been warning about Beijing’s growing influence in international institutions. Exhibit A:  …
On Monday, a man in China dies from Hantavirus, a rat-borne illness that mimics Covid-19 symptoms but with a 38% mortality rate. US officials claim it's not person to person transmitted. Then why TF they tested all other passengers on the bus with him?  …
Scathing article in Dutch press. All 600k face masks offered by #China to #Netherlands rejected by Dutch authorities for being unsafe and of poor quality.  …
Govt of China and many others maintain: Non symptomatic people should wear masks bc it cuts down their aerosol spread to others. That is why you see high  If you ventured outside in China without a mask you were sent home.
“To believe Chinese statistics and use them to condemn the U.S. response  to China’s is not only ignorant but highlights an increasingly significant problem where their statistics are treated as gold.”  …
Wuhan is a city at the forefront of China's war against #COVID19. It's a city of heroes. #coronavirus #StayStrongChina  …
What China did to rest of the world, Arvind Kejriwal did to rest of the India. Yogi orders 100,000 people who entered UP in last 3 days to be quarantined. 
So far, 21 aid aircraft were sent from China to Iran. 500 prefabricated rooms donated by two  will be sent to Tehran this week with a cargo plane, providing a 500-bed field hospital: #Iran's Amb. to China, Keshavarzzade. #coronavirus 
600.000 face masks revoked after being distributed to Dutch hospitals, they were ordered from China, but do not meet safety criteria, tests reveal (in Dutch) #Corona  …
Bruce Aylward, advisor to the Director General of the @WHO, interviewed by RTHK and asked about Taiwan's membership. He appears to fake he doesn't hear the question, turns off the link, implies Taiwan is part of China, then cuts the interview short again. 
#Wuhan quiet as government begins easing #coronavirus lockdown #China 
Today's briefing, again language designed to make us feel grateful that we mitigated the worst consequences, the death rate will exceed China & Italy, I don't see anything here that deserves celebrating. Any death is deplorable, such numbers could have been avoided.  …
"MANILA, Philippines – The Department of Health (DOH) said it discarded some coronavirus test kits that came from China because these were only 40% accurate."  …
The Chinese gov. engaged in multiple cover ups when the Wuhan Virus began! Yet NBC & reporter Dilanian falsely reports our President sought funding for WHO! They also praised China in a segment on TV  …
When he's being asked about Taiwan, he said "we have talked about China", he's taking Taiwan as part of China, which is not true WHO is controlled by CCP, and cares the feeling of CCP more than public health in the world 
Zimbabwe national team footballers based in Europe, China and SA have donated $US5000 to medical costs and rehab for Dynamos captain Partson Jaure, who sustained head injuries in a car accident in Harare a week ago. Money has been raised in a @FUZ_ZIM 
China & Huawei propose "reinvention" of the internet to the UN, which means a more "top-down design for the future network" with better controls for governments. NO, THANK YOU!  …
In Communist China, the government is your brain, opinions are not allowed. On Weibo (Chinese twitter), they’ve banned the phrase, “Stay Strong, America!” The #CCP controls every aspect of your live. They covered up the Coronavirus & thousands have died. #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
Ask your girlfriend what she thinks about the accusation that China produced the #COVID19 to crumble United State's economy and listen to what you are dating
CONGRESS gave Duterte the powers and resources to cope with the China-Duterte Virus crisis. No visible changes in crisis management. No test kids, PPEs, funds and strategies to handle crisis. Duterte can't preside.  compassion and governance. They're inferior.
China Lied While People Died! Anyone who spouts or believes the Chinese "Official" totl is naive at best or pushing propaganda.  … via @gatewaypundit
Spain has 3400 deaths from coronavirus, second to Italy, said that the test kits which were sourced from china are malfunctioning, "they are useless" said Victor Jimenez Cid, a senior professor in microbiology at Madrid’s Complutense University.
I've heard Roxham road is still open. Many many flights into Vancouver from CHINA. Why is the oppostion not questioning this? People out west observing 5G being installed by asian workers. Please explain.
Correction: it is 600 million masks, not 300 million. Starting next week, every two days until at least the end of May a cargo plane will leave France to collect 10 million masks + ventilators in China. Cost : whatever it takes.
Surely I’m not the only Democrat who thinks the WHO’s organized coverup of China’s failure to contain the coronavirus is deplorable.
My last warning on COVID-19 Discipline saved China. Indiscipline punishes Europe. Arrogance deals with Americans and Ignorance threatens Africa. Covid-19 is real, stay home please
Excellent. China must be waylaid and ostracized by the world for unleashing this  …
Another milestone: 2,014 full #SARSCoV2 genomes have been sequenced & posted to @GISAID . There are 3 clades & an "other" category: •S clade -- 501 genomes (mostly found in USA & China) •G clade -- 823 (mostly Europe) •V clade -- 195 (mostly Europe) •Other clades -- 495 
Reminder that @realDonaldTrump took China at face value On 24th January, Trump tweeted "China has been working very hard to contain the Coronavirus. The United States greatly appreciates their efforts and transparency"  …
Canada sent medical supplies to China during the peak of its outbreak; now China is returning the favour. The only reason that @AndrewScheer is making this a political issue is to capitalize on sinophobia and anti-Communist 
But the media is mad at Trump for calling it the Wuhan or China Virus. Go figure...
At what point will the world stop trusting China? They unleashed a pandemic on the globe, and then send out faulty test kits! Spain, Czech Republic, Ukraine and Now Turkey Return Faulty Chinese Coronavirus Tests that Only Caught 30% of Cases!  …
#TrumpGenocide During the Cold War, people like Ted Kennedy or Bernie Sanders, who helped the USSR were called useful idiots. Today, there are Americans, mostly “journalists” who are helping China spread propaganda faster than they spread the plague. They are the #UsefulCovidiots
So much for the China tests-no surprise: ‘made in China’ Spain, Czech Republic, Ukraine and Now Turkey Return Faulty Chinese Coronavirus Tests that Only Caught 30% of Cases!  …
How about— The U.S. has seized on coronavirus outbreak to wage disinformation campaign to undermine both China and Russia and their handling of virus, rather than address their own struggles with pandemic. Cause literally could be said of many countries w/ power & influence  …
China knew the danger COVID-19 posed to the world back in November and recklessly failed to warn the global  That is why I recently urged President Trump to evaluate the long-term threat China poses to the United States’ economic and national security. 
“Coronavirus: China is building a 'fortress' to make sure coronavirus is now a foreign problem” via ⁦ @SkyNews⁩ An extraordinary read  …
Venezuela receives a cargo shipment of medical equipment, supplies, test kits and protective gear from China. The demons in Washington want us to believe that President @NicolasMaduro won’t accept help: that has always been a massive @StateDept propagated lie. 
Some GOOD #COVID19 news today: • ~ 140,000 Global Recoveries • 101-year-old man in Italy recovers • FDA approves rapid 15-min tests • Cuomo: increase slowing in NY • China easing restrictions • More Plasma research + donors • Tom Hanks & Rita Wilson recover, back in US
Trump restricted travel from China right away and was called racist. Mayor DeBlasio of NYC wouldn’t shut down the schools and encouraged people to go out to the movies on March 2nd. Yet somehow liberals are saying #TrumpGenocide, what a bunch of fools.
China extracted 861,400 cubic meters of natural gas from methane hydrate, known as “flammable ice,” during a one-month trial production in the South China Sea, Chinese state media reported on Thursday. 
Nothing but a total shutdown for the United States will work according to billionaire philanthropist @BillGates He argues that what China did when it everyone went indoors is the only method that will work. What will that mean for Africa with its problems? 
Turns out 50 per cent of 600,000 masks delivered by China to the Netherlands are not working - @NOS
NYC officials celebrating the China Town parade was a direct middle finger to Trump's edict on travel from China. Their insistence to prove him wrong... proved him right. It's unfortunate we have so much collateral damage from their virtue signaling.
Some Recovered Coronavirus Patients In Wuhan Are Testing Positive Again: NPR Under its newest #COVID19 prevention guidelines, China does not include in its overall daily count for total and for new cases those who retest positive ..[and] asymptomatic cases  …
Why We, Italians, Are Angry With China – And Want ‘War Damages’  …
That man fights for us Americans EVERY freakin DAY!! All the hate and games and threats do not stop him because he truly loves America! He has been hugging the flag and telling us about how we are taken advantage of by other countries especially China! God bless @realDonaldTrump
I dont care what WHO says, I know just 1 thing that everyday there are more than 2500- 3000 people dying in our world because of a Virus which originated or LEAKED from china, they lied and tried to hide this for days, CHINA is responsible for people dying. #ChineseVirusCorona
Except you are. Except Chris is. Claiming America is the worst at containing the virus knowing China is lying its ass off about their numbers both with the virus and mortality is championing Communist China. Sorry this is so hard for you to understand. :)  …
Since you are clipping newspaper articles for this tweet, maybe you could clip the one about how China is sending more supplies back to Canada than they received.
Let me say this again. Rest of country suffering from primarily 2 main events by irresponsible local mayors and health officials. China Town Parade in NY City. Mardi Gras in New Orleans. Especially in NYC where parade pushed by Health Official AFTER Trump started his 15 days.  …
THE FISH ROTS FROM THE HEAD It isn’t just @DrTedros doing the bidding of #China’s Communist Party. @rthk_news recently did an interview with @WHO’s Bruce Aylward. He panicked when asked about the independent nation of #Taiwan, then ended the 
How is a country with more than 1 billion people responding to #COVID19 (not China, the other one)? How about the most populous country in Africa? Or the 3 million+ living in refugee camps in Turkey? Read on:  …
You need to delete your account you are a moron, what does this have to do with Trump? It came from China. What ignorance  from your mouth  …
EUROPEANS ARE DYING IN THEIR THOUSANDS EVERY DAY RIGHT NOW FROM THE CORONAVIRUS We saw  back in late January. We asked our governments to ban flights from China (later South Korea & Iran) and close our borders. But for the globalists in power, #OpenBorders are  …
This new theory of China Delhi #ArrestKejriwal #ArrestKejriwal #ArrestKejriwal #ArrestKejriwal #ArrestKejriwal 
4 Ways China Gains from the Coronavirus Pandemic  …
This must be difficult for Conservatives who want to blame China for the crisis.  …
"We should not let China benefit from the Wuhan virus. This virus has been unleashed upon the rest of the world by the endemic failures of the Beijing regime: lack of transparency, lack of democracy, aggressive economic strategies, imperialistic designs." 
It would be rash to jump to any conclusions here, but is anyone else perplexed and concerned about MILLIONS of phone numbers dropping off the registry in China, as well as THOUSAND AND THOUSANDS of pounds of used shoes being for sail on Alibaba? 
The 5 ways the Trump admin. has botched the coronavirus response: --Downplayed the disease, called it hoax. --Ignored intelligence warnings. --Threw out the pandemic playbook. --Removed the pandemic expert on the NSC. --Eliminated CDC staff in China. Shameful.
China and Vietnam have finally banned wildlife trade due to coronavirus  
Instead of #TrumpGenocide why not call it #CommunistGenocide, since  are world famous for genocide, and B) the virus came out of #communist #China? #CommunistVirus
It’s “birb” time! Get to know the White-browed Tit-warbler. It inhabits shrubland & montane forests across parts of Asia, including China, India, & Pakistan. Males stand out with their vivid violet-blue plumage;  in similar colors but less intense hues. [:I.Shah] 
China is now focusing on stopping imported cases of coronavirus after bringing its domestic situation largely under control. China's leading respiratory expert Dr. Zhong Nanshan discussed China's approach with CGTN's anchor Tian Wei. 
Throughout this entire pandemic, the obsequious behavior of WHO officials towards China has been unseemly, unhelpful & downright bizarre. This guy, though, takes it to a new level.  …
CHina used this as an opportunity to kill millions, it solved their PR problem of the Han separatists and uighurs and such. Hence why China wouldn’t let any outside observers in to count coronavirus cases. A genocide happened and we slept.
None of them seem to understand they are championing Communist China over their own country because ‘orange man bad’. They seem to think I’m defending Trump but in reality what my concern is a media that ignores lies from another country to pretend America is the problem.  …
Also recently from @SCMPNews re: China's CDC: "...study proves the importance of washing hands and wearing face masks in public places because the virus can linger in the air attached to fine droplet particles..our advice is to wear a face mask" (4/5)  …
'Shill for China’ World Health Organization official’s reaction to question about Taiwan speaks VOLUMES (none of them good) WHO royally Screwed this up from the very beginning & continue to deceive. We should hold them accountable & demand retribution  …
Has any person in this video been this passionate about the population of Chinese men who go to the Philippines to cheaply learn English impregnate the woman and leave the mother to raise the child by herself when they return to China. Just curious?  …
People, it’s not a damn Olympic scoreboard. Coronavirus was really bad in China, and now it’s really bad in the US. That’s all we can know, and all we need to know.
In Feb. when I saw what China was going through and after posting so many articles on Coronavirus, I got on Ebay and ordered a few N-95 masks. I paid dearly back in February, and I knew nothing about surgical masks. But at my age, I took the chance & purchased a few.
She returned mid-February and isolated for 2 weeks (no problem). She says America isn't taking it seriously - the isolation is nothing like in China.
I have a relative who was near Beijing during crisis (she is fine). In China, one family member per week would go to grocery store wearing mask and gloves - plus overcoat. They'd take overcoat off outside when they'd return home. All stores closed except grocery / pharmacy
What has he done? We still have planes landing from China, Iran, Italy. He gave away 16 tons of medical supplies when he knew we would need them. He called Canadians ‘racist’ for proactively engaging in social isolation. Now he’s shuttered our economy with no recovery plan
Surprise, surprise, Aylward gave this interview to the New York Times earlier in March praising China's efforts.  …
Spot on - China is deservedly set to reap the whirlwind of Europe's coronavirus resentment  … via @telegraphnews
3 agencies in the U.S. responsible for detecting  threats like the coronavirus failed to prepare quickly enough. Even as scientists looked at China and sounded alarms, none of the agencies’ directors conveyed the urgency required to spur a no-holds-barred defense.
WHO is China borne disease:even a 5 year child knows that.
China donates thousands of medical masks, personal protective equipment to Canada 
WHO Official Avoids Question About Taiwan’s Success With Containing Coronavirus, Praises China  
You know who has their economy poised for recovery & are just about ready to re-engage with a healing global economy again? China & South Korea. The only two countries who've effectively beat Covid with the strictest protocols & largest infrastructure response. Funny that.
Remember when he cut off all travel from China and bullshit Lib imbeciles called him a racist?  …
Yes they attribute declines of #COVID19 in Japan to using masks Yet Trudeau sent 16 tonnes of PPE to China. A country capable of building 2 hospitals in 2 wks. So why exactly did our health officials tell us NOT to use masks? #TrudeauLiedPeopleDied  …
Do you recognise this china ajent..? 
Urns in Wuhan far exceed China's reported death toll, raising more questions about China’s reporting of numbers. A single mortuary in Wuhan has had 5,000 urns delivered over the past two days, double the city's reported coronavirus death toll.  …
‘False narratives’: State Department warns of coronavirus echo chamber by China, Russia, and Iran  …
This brave women put her life in danger by exposing the Chinese government and their lies about the #CoronaVirus. Watch and Shame #China. #CoronaUpdate #ChineseBioterrorism 
Italy’s death toll from #covid19 is now 3x more than China, rising by 889 in one day to 10, 023. I fear, New York City is the new Italy. The rest of the country will also sadly see surges well into spring. NONE OF THIS HAD TO HAPPEN HERE. There still is no WH leadership w/a plan.
WHO has been far too focused on toeing the Chinese government line. Taiwan is a COVID-19 success story. Refusing to even acknowledge it--as you can see in the clip below--is unacceptable. We're well passed the point of savvy politics to maintain access to China and Chinese docs.  …
This is an utter disgrace. Worth noting however that while the WHO continues providing evidence it is a Chinese Communist Party-controlled entity, much of the free world has sold out Taiwan for relations with China in ways big and small  …
Bruce Alyward, a WHO official who previously criticized travel bans against China, abruptly ends an interview with a Hong Kong journalist when he is asked about Taiwan joining the WHO.  …
WHEN THIS PANDEMIC IS OVER ENGLAND NEEDS TO REOPEN ITS OLD FACTORY'S AND GET OFF THE MADE IN CHINA HABIT! Let’s get back to the habit of MADE IN THE UK OR MADE IN BRITAIN
#HongKong, #Taiwan, & #Singapore, are the most successful  #COVID19. @CatoInstitute scores them 8.2, 7.4 and 7.2, respectively, out of 10 in #SizeOfGovernment. #Italy & #China lag far behind. Big gov't only makes crises worse. Small & lean gov'ts lead the way. 
This was a generational opportunity to bring back manufacturing to China. Yet no one in government is working on this. All owned by China.
I'm not understanding how China - ground zero, with a population of almost 1.5 Billion people, had less Covid-19 cases than the U.S. I see a bird. I see a plane.
Anyone else think about how different dumpling folds could represent different regions in China and how the folds themselves could be used for storytelling? 
Hard to believe that we are seeing a @AerLingus flight routing over Mongolia enroute to China. The #EI9018 has just over 90 minutes before landing in Beijing to upload medical supplies and bring them back to @DublinAirport 
Might also want to run tests to ensure these aren't shabby knockoffs like the other  out of China right now.  …
Probably dumb question but what leverage does China have with WHO such that the WHO guy was afraid to discuss Taiwan in that clip?
Can China tell the world how to end this? 
Let this sink in people... China sent faulty coronavirus tests to several countries...  …
WHO Official Avoids Question About Taiwan’s Success With Containing Coronavirus, Praises China  … 
And it’s not just leadership; the process returning to China - the multiple checkpoints, testing and waiting for results, them contacting your  about you returning (you still have to quarantine either in a gov’t facility or at home), can take over 24 hours...
Bill needs to answer a lot of questions. ALOT. He’s as guilty as sin about this whole Wuhan China thing. He’s in on it big time.
I understand the desire  relief but the fact that there is any type of possible consideration of trying to ”lock” American citizens in a state/city or whatever to me is so unconscionable and unconstitutional! We are not Russia or China!
China just donated thousands of medical masks and equipment to Canada  #Canada #CoronaVirusCanada #COVIDCanada #StayHomeCanada
The Washington Pride vs Team China game at the 2020 JWHL Challenge Cup in DC was a great opportunity to display both the local female talent in the area as well as the international talent on a more global scale. #ALLHER 
Hubei province in China, which has a population size similar to the UK, had around 3000 deaths, we should be expecting to have fewer deaths here from coronavirus given the time we've had to learn from what happened there...  …
Unlike China, India just changed the name/use of the hospital beds, built nothing. Like Yogiji changed Allahabad to Prague, but infracture is nothing like Prague. It is still the same old shitty Allahabad.
Bad news for Trump: Brazil decides not to veto Huawei participation in construction of 5G mobile phone network.  days after Bolsonaro called Xi Jinping to apologize for son's   …
It’s our duty as workers in the imperial core to resist the anti-China rhetoric that is perpetuated by Western mainstream media—especially since China is setting a model example for how to handle this pandemic. Down with imperialism and chauvinism!  …
China has the power to veto anything in UNSC. Researchers have confirmed this #COVID19  from any lab from China. They are responsible for not addressing it quickly and not sharing enough information with the world.  …
China lying China created this Virus China had Antidote already China sent this Virus across China trade unaffected China recovered China non Allys are suffering China non Allys trade collapsed China buying affected  for low price China rules! Simple!!
#COVID19: Number of deaths per 1,000,000 people in the 10 countries with the most reported cases 1. Italy 166 2. Spain 124 3. Netherlands 37 4. Iran 30 5. France 30 6. Switzerland 28 7. UK 15 8. USA 6 9. Germany 5 10. China 2 
We could see food shortages as labor for growing and harvesting is scarce and can’t be fixed with money machines.  about China actually being in danger here as they import so much of their food  …
please DM or forward to me any Washington DC think-tank papers or figures bashing China about covid19
For all of the nut jobs that  about medical supplies from Canada being sent to China to deal with the epidemic...  …
"While demand has picked up in China again, it is only half the level it was at prior to the crisis, Diess noted." So if the rest of the world recovers to the 50% demand level after lock down, do any auto makers not file for bankruptcy?  …
We’re number one now in Coronavirus cases globally even though we had two months to prepare. Donald Trump and this administration botched response to the virus after pushing China restrictions. Should have been pushing testing, social distancing beginning February; not mid-March
I'm not sure whether WHO has paid more attention to China than the rest of the world since the start of the outbreak. However, if this video is the real one, and it seems to be the real one, his attitude is absolutely unfair and needs to be corrected immediately.  …
Catch up, Andrew. The govt explained it was important to help China try to contain the virus at source. And now China is helping other countries, including Canada with supplies to help us fight this. Please try to be constructive. The election is over.  …
I could point out that China  out of their lockdown and is now sending medical supplies to Canada, but I'm gonna round it up to "It was the right thing to do, you twerp."  …
Did you know? Only 7 countries in the world allow abortion past 5 months: North Korea China Canada Netherlands Singapore Vietnam and the United States. #SaturdayThoughts #SaturdayMorning
Elon Musk delivers 1,255 ventilators to California after buying "oversupply" from China  …
China constructed 1000 bedded hospital in 10 days. India established 6370 bedded medical facility overnight, with a fraction of its cost! Jai hind!!
"As deadly virus from China spread w ferocity across US betw late Jan & early March, lg-scale testing of people who might have been infected did not happen—bc of tech flaws, reg hurdles, biz-as-usual bureaucracies & lack of leadership at multiple levels" 
I bet you're one of the same people that pitched a bloody tantrum when he suggested a temporary travel ban from China to begin with. Admit it, an asteroid could strike, and brainwashed leftist like you would blame TRUMP!! #OrangeManBad
Sounds like China's death toll is much higher than they're saying...& that the USA is NOT leading the world in COVID-19 deaths. All Is Well: Riot Breaks Out On Bridge In China As People Try To Leave Wuhan Virus Area  …
Taiwanese authorities tried to warn the WHO in late December but were ignored...cause China.   …
China is set to reap the whirlwind of Europe's coronavirus resentment |  …
China's Wuhan, where the coronavirus emerged, begins to lift its lockdown  
Its high time to give India permanent seat at the UN Security Council & kick out China. China can't be trusted any more #CoronaVirus is a biological weapon of china. Entire world should boycott Chinese product. @globaltimesnews @XHNews @republic @CNN @BBCWorld #ChinaMustPay
Even though China  schooled the USA on the COVID-19 pandemic and is the new world leader and everything, I think I’d still rather live here, because here I’m allowed to, like, you know, google stuff.
Give it a rest, lame duck lying leader. China sent Canada even more supplies than we sent them. You are really bad at this.  … #ScheerIdiocy 
. @realDonaldTrump’s revolving roster of #COVID19 pandemic blame (so far): #China, #NY, powerful women in #Michigan, #media, #Obama. Others  on or temporarily drop off the list as needed, including, of course, every #Democrat on the planet.
"China products don't last" Coronavirus : 
Imagine saying you don't know what a city level quarantine is several weeks into an international pandemic where there have already been city and region-level quarantines in both China and Italy.  …
Even if he had the authority to do this, it’s just a replay of his bogus China travel ban, which came too late - long after the virus was already loose in America - and had so many exceptions (did not apply to US citizens) that it was pointless.  …
Dr Theresa Tam already announced that this shipment was made for Feb containment efforts. She did this days ago. Also, China has now contributed more to Canada. Please stop this embarrassing nonsense.  …
COVID-19: Discipline saved China, Indiscipline drowned Europe, Ignorance and Religious Fanatism will kill Africa.
1 lol 2 weird how this totally leftist diaspora liberal's mentions are full of "china virus" "china lied people died" etc  …
China's gov just flat out said "fuck the money, we're gonna save as many of our citizens as we can" and they went right out and did exactly that. The rest of world's govs: Oh but the money! Fuck the people. THE MONEY!
#US playing dangerous game with its support for Taiwan, #China says, after warship sails through #Taiwan Strait “The ship’s transit through the Taiwan Strait demonstrates the  to a free and open Indo-Pacific,” the U.S. Seventh Fleet  …
In January of 2020: Donald Trump—Assembled a task force to fight the China Virus, restricted travel CNN—Criticized the President for being xenophobic and the task force for being “too white” Which one do you think truly cares about the American People in this pandemic?
Power is as much defined by will as by capacity China is not America's equal on any hard-power metric but they have the will to coerce our institutions, & we don't have the will to hold on to them  …
It's genuinely insane to me how retail or warehouse workers in the West are carrying out duties with little to no protection. In China it was mandated for workers to wear masks, other protective equipment, get a temperature check regularly and other preventative measures. 
I'm sure a bazillion people have already made this point, but the Nightingale Hospital & related projects are a decent rebuke to various Tankies & Corbynites who pointed to Red China's building hospitals from scratch in 10 days as an indictment of liberal capitalism or whatever.
WHO accused of 'carrying China's water' after official refuses to acknowledge Taiwan during bizarre interview  …
China keeps adding risks on global health by its censorship, disinformation and manipulation to @WHO. We must #MakeChinaPay for turning #WuhanVirus into an uncontrollable pandemic. #ChinaLiedPeopleDied 
China's APT41 hackers apparently saw an opportunity in the recent coronavirus outbreak—despite how hard it hit China itself—embarking on a sweeping campaign in January that targeted more than 75 customers of security firm FireEye alone. 
When China bribes you they insert a chip into your brain that makes it literally impossible to hear or see the word Taiwan. You still know what’s being discussed because of the indicative silence but you can honestly say you didn’t the hear question let’s move on.
“[M]ost cases on the U.S. West Coast are linked to a strain first identified in WA state...On the East Coast there are several strains, inc the one from WA & others that appear to have made their way from China to Europe & then to NY & beyond...”  …
The government is telling us that deaths under 20000 is a "good result". China's death total is 3295 (pop 1.38bn). Unless the mortality rate spikes again, it's unlikely to reach 20000. *Surely* the government misspoke?  …
Special Friendship #ChinaPakSolidarity @PakPMO @SMQureshiPTI @MFA_China @CathayPak @AmbNaghmanaHash @zlj517 @PTIofficial @WorldPTV 
So now China refuses to allow discussion on Wuhan #Coronavirus in UNSC, blocks draft that called for “full transparency” over the outbreak.  …
As if the NYT hasn't undermined and weaponized China's response at every turn  …
This book was published in 1981 and the Author legit said that China has developed a virus in a lab of Wuhan which they will use as a biological weapon in future to help them  a Superpower. And for those who think this isn’t true, go google it, "The Eyes of Darkness". 
One of the first @UNVolunteers helping to fight #COVID19 was Yuqing Xiong, who works with @UNICEF in China. She helped children in her home city Wuhan. We say #ThankYou 謝謝 to Yuqing  … @n_rosellini @UNICEFChinese 
In 2022, there will be a movie in Bollywood in which ISI and CHINA will create Corona virus and they will try to spread it in India and brave heroes of RAW will save India from this. Just wait and watch
A senior WHO official cuts off an interview with a reporter who implies that Taiwan isn’t a part of China. China lied to the world and the WHO covered for them. 
The first @AerLingus special healthworker supplies flight to China is over Mongolia, and nearing Beijing. Go green jet, go! 
Laura Ingraham Is First Mainstream Reporter to Discuss Faulty WHO Coronavirus Mortality Rate that Led to Global Panic (VIDEO)/ And Of Course It's The "WHO" Director! He's In China's Pocket.  …
Yet another loophole! Passengers from China to Toronto can hop aboard any domestic connecting flight without any additional screening. 
You can’t make this shit up. Note that Gojo told USTR that it can’t move production of a necessary precursor from China because doing so would require reverse engineering  chip in violation of IP rights.  …
China built hospitals in just 10 days it said so, but we all know however efficient someone is, Hospitals are no fun that they could be built in 10 days, they were very much prepared about what they will do and what they will show to the rest of the world. (Read Continue)
You cant say you champion human rights if you defend China
China has bought 30% shares of all  of Europe and America at low prices when their economy went down and now when the world is down, china is in profits. Research by:- (Kunika Agarwal) #CoronaUpdate #ChineseVirus19 #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChineseBioterrorism
China’s Wuhan- what IS the TRUE death toll? 3 million cellphones no longer active  …
Fantastic news. . @AerLingus Dublin-Beijing direct shuttle to deliver to . @defenceforces who will be transferring the critical medical cargo around the country. The Defence Forces & Pilots are heroes. Go n’éirí an t’adh libh! (1st China flight is over Mongolia now)  …
And this. Makes you wonder just how MUCH control & power China exerts over WHO. I thought it was only @DrTedros, but it seems that the entire World Health Organization ( @WHO ) is practically a Chinese organization & mouthpiece 
He did and you called him a racist for restricting travel from China 
The CPC attempting to be relevant in 2020. Sigh!. 10 minutes of research totally debunks MP Scherr's position. China has since reciprocated in kind. #DoBetter Mr. Scheer.
My two year old looked up at me with furrowed brows after reading your tweet and said, “Dad, that guy’s 8 year old seems woefully uninformed re: China’s conduct and refusal of help offered to it when it would have stopped the spread at the source.”
Testing kit farce and diplomatic row between Spain and China underscores the virtue of strong Public Health leaders to resist public pressure by whatsapp experts. If you rush these decisions to relieve domestic political or personal pressure, you can end up making a hames of it.
“My concern is that this cover-up, this disinformation that the Chinese Communist Party is engaged in, is still denying the world the information it needs.” @SecPompeo heightened his criticism of #China’s involvement in the #CCPVirus-caused  …
Fucking China and their authoritarian hiding of information.  …
You literally called him racist for closing the border to China in January. You’re a dog face pony rabbit or whatever you call people.  …
This quarantine is teaching y’all to abstain by force. Thank you China
In one of the best TV discussions about #Covid, @Nidhi askd @WHO’s @davidnabarro on why it was lax about #China. He kept deflecting the question & said we must move forward, Just as in this other interview. What’s China done to WHO? How can WHO speak critically & freely anymore  …
The Vice President Cde CNDG Chiwenga has returned from China where he had gone for a medical checkup. Soon after arrival, he gave a courtesy call on his principal, H.E President Cde ED Mnangagwa at State House.
China quarantined Wuhan, and other hotspots cities, mandatory mask too. Just shut the coronavirus hotspots NY, NJ, CT, or any other State or county. Don't let them spread this deadly virus everywhere. Do it today, don't give these people time to drive to any other State. #DoItNow
Damn! If this News is True.. let me tell ya something ! US and @POTUS with all it's mighty power & all it's Right Might will gonna Make China pay for this Unforgettable Crime against US and the World for such of lost of Humans inocents Lifes firstly and broke economic world 
China is so evil. This Chinese CO deliberately export substandard thermometers. The temperature of 39 is only measured to 36.5. “The patients may not be treated and quarantined as viral infection. Let them infect more people.We can make US money and kill American at same time.” 
WHO Announce, Jan 13: Virus escapes China Trump Admin Response, Jan 15: *crickets* WHO Announce, Jan 30: Intl Public Health Crisis Trump Admin Response, Jan 31: *crickets* Trump Admin Response, Feb 15: *crickets* Stock Market Response, Feb 20: *sh_ts the bed* Trump Responds
If China released the true number of dead people I bet people wouldn’t say covid is fake.
Trump's first response was stopping travel from China, which failed utterly -- the US now has more cases than China. These grandiose pronouncements are useless theater. We need strong local action backed by federal coordination, more social isolation, testing, PPE, ventilators.  …
Bruce Aylward, a Canadian, is the senior advisor to the Director General of WHO. He shills for the Chinese Communist Party. Together they lied to the world, deliberately ignored Taiwan's successes to protect China's geopolitical interests. Thousands died. 
Warmlly  our distinguish guest. medical team from  directly from wuhan without rest to help us working non stop 57 days . Thanks china Long live pak china friendship 
According to today’s Corona virus live tracker.. Out of the 81394 cases in China 74971 have already recovered. There is hope if we all can align ourself to efforts to help limit the spread. Stay focused fam. We can do this together. 
China also confirms: there is no virus. No need to close borders. No human to human transmission. They don't harvest organs from prisoners. @RosieBarton is not paid by China. Justin trudeau is a real boy. China is happy happy, & all citizens are super duper glad to   …
Hey, #China. Maybe you should have held your #hackers off for a bit while #COVID19 ravaged the planet. Just a suggestion  
China sends aid to Pakistan as COVID-19 cases there begin to spike  
UNSCREENED CHINESE FLIGHTS TO CANADA: You've simply got to watch this video of flights landing in Canada every few hours from China. No screening, no temperatures taken, no masks -- just some pamphlets. Why are we the only new media reporting this?  … .
First Name: CORONA Surname: VIRUS NickName: COVID Age: 19. Nationality: CHINA Next of kin : HANTA VIRUS Hobby : Traveling and spreading Favorite Food: LUNGS Favorite Country: Italy Dislikes : Alcohol Guarantor : HIV Relative:EBOLA Friend: Monkey pox Ancestor: Bird flu
But the planes from China keep landing at YVR and YYZ.  …
Report: ‘With Cancellation of 21 Million Cellphones…Real Death Toll in China is A Mystery’ 
Some truly dreadful expectation management going on. We're supposedly to congratulate ourselves if we keep coronavirus deaths under 20,000. 3,295 have died in China. 144 in South Korea. Both brought their outbreaks under control *before* things got bad here. We knew what to do!  …
Any reporting about China's actions covering up the outbreak in Wuhan and how that cost the world about 2 months? No?  …
Great move by China, thank you!! @charlesadler @HazelEros @VoiceOfFranky @intouchwit @MerlinofCanada @nystrom_elaine @gtlem @sizzle_bits @hockeydan  …
Hospitals in China are reporting their experiences with hundreds of coronavirus patients so far. (from February) 
I wish Black culture was concealed from these other mfs. Just to prove how DAYROOM niggas would be without us omg, they literally are scared of black men going to China to take their bitches! Yo black men I hope you see the power you have Kings
China constructed 1000 bedded hospital in 10 days. India established 6370 bedded medical facility overnight, with a fraction of its cost! Jai hind! @prajavani @PMOIndia @CMofKarnataka @VishwavaniNews @TimesNow @timesofindia @BangaloreTimes1 @the_hindu @tv9kannada 
Now China will start benefiting from what they created. A big win for them. 
The Director-General of the WHO said China's immediate lockdown 'actually helped prevent the spread of coronavirus to other countries', whereas the President of the US described the situation as a 'hoax' as late as the 28th of February. This is xenophobic nonsense. 
This is fabulous. Thank you China!  …
Is this some kind of tragic joke? The part privatized medical director of Britain's NHS says "we will have done very well in this epidemic" if more than 20,000 are not killed by coronavirus. It wasn't even 4,000 in China with a population of 1.4bn. 
China built 1,000 bed hospitals in ten days. It'll take the Pentagon 3 months to move a ship from Virginia to New York.
Family Quarantine It’s killing Italy. China extracted infected Coronavirus patients & put mild symptom patients in hotels. 85% of people who catch Coronavirus do so from a family member. Households have 3 people in them. Family quarantine triples caseload. UK is copying Italy.
Thanks. Nice to see a Corporation support America, unlike @Nike, whose entire business model revolved around outsourcing to China, virtue signaling, and hatred of America.
Why is he still allowing flights from China in. 5 planes already landed at Vancouver airport.  …
China is a province of Taiwan
At the time of Corona pandemic, Kejriwal is behaving like China. #KejriwalFailedDelhi 
China wardned the WHO about covid19 back in December and our government did nothing until March. The measures announced on Monday should have happened at least ten days sooner. The government's failure to act promptly has literally killed people. But yeah lets all clap.
That said, Taiwan has continuously demonstrated, but especially so in the past few months, that it has much to contribute to global health and is playing a large part through the #TaiwanCanHelp campaign--but China continues to prioritize politics over lives. 9/
Dr. Alyward holds a leadership role within the @WHO and is likely well aware of the MOU China signed with the organization in 2005. This, as I've tweeted before, appears to be the full text:  …  …
Scheer doesn't mention the fact that China has sent medical supplies to Canada...because it does not fit the picture he wants to dog-whistle to his base. Scheer likes to use inflammatory language and rhetoric. Scheer's a divider, not a unifier.
Suspend China from the WTO. They've shown their true colors during this crisis. They cannot be trusted. Period.
Quarantined - 250 million Confirmed Cases - 1.5 million Total Death - 50,000 Are these the real facts of what happened in china because of #ChineseVirus #CoronaVirus? Watch before it's taken down :  
Cows in China are being skinned alive and their limbs cut off so they can't escape  …
Made in China is synonymous with fake, substandard, poor quality... President Trump, cut off ties with China now or the country you’ve tried so desperately to save will be but a shadow of its past. It would be foolish to have a trade deal with CCP when we can’t even trust them!
#LIVE #Venezuela's Vice President @DrodriguezVen: "The strategic collaboration between China and Venezuela has allowed several supplies necessary  the Covid19 to arrive. Medicines, protective supplies, and hospital machines are part of the shipment." 
FRENCH HEALTH MINISTER: FRANCE HAS ORDERED 1 BILLION FACE MASKS FROM CHINA
"Bank of China donating medical supplies (incl 30,000 medical masks, 10,000 sets of protective clothing, 10,000 goggles and 50,000 pairs of gloves, followed by N95 medical masks) to Canada. ...more equipment than Canada donated to China when the coronavirus was raging in Hubei"  …
This is a direct result of the United Nations considering Taiwan to be part of China. WHO, @ICAO and other UN specialized agencies basically can't change their stances on Taiwan unless the UN does  …
The reliability of China’s coronavirus numbers is under question once again in view of the staggering amount of urns being distributed out in Wuhan.  …
WE ALL KNOW GOVT's LIE, BUT... 1,200 bodies are burned every day in mobile incinerators in Wuhan . Meanwhile, China has put in an order for enough incinerators to burn 30 MILLION people every day. China is lying to you! #coronavirus  TruthAbtChina 07
Sorry to be a Debbie Downer BUT, the Virus is the virus; we have zero immunity (herd immunity), no vaccine, no antiVvials; it's ravishing West Europe and they're on Lock Downs; China Literally Locked Down; it's Wide Spread, Here; We're Doing a Fract to Mitigate; Math is math..
Every country now has coronavirus, but china got it right off the bat.
I don't trust China
china also has their own "nth room" with 8.6M members........8.6M!!!!!!! of the same disgusting mEN this makes me gag good lord all 9 circles of hell were especially made and reserved for all of them  …
20,000 deaths and we will have ‘done well’. China - a country of 1.4 BILLION people - are three months in and haven’t reached anywhere near 4,000 deaths. Trying to work out how anyone in this small country could imagine 20,000 deaths could be construed as doing well.  …
Well said @Chellaney ji. We can’t forgive China. 
Has @WHO been captured by #China ? #JustAsking Its another thing that must change when we get to the other side of this fight against #CoronaVirus #IndiaFightsCorona  …
China and Pakistan are friends in times of need: Analysts  …
Is Kejriwal and @AamAadmiParty being paid by China to do this? Matter for investigation.
 is amazingly non-perceptive. Covid is a global problem. Helping China slow it down was humanitarian but also self-serving. That China has reciprocated is also good global citizenship. Try to think like a citizen.  …
China has built the largest concentration camp ever imagined.
Why is the British government telling us that 20,000 deaths would be good? China currently have 3295 deaths and this is slowly dramatically. Why are we talking about 20,000 dead??? This British Government are dangerous, irresponsible, & must be removed 
Just in case anyone wondered about CHINA influence over WHO!  …
Believe Me China's #Corona Could Lead To Third World War. PM @narendramodi Would Do Well To Prepare Bharat To Resist And Surmount The Impending Challenge.
When its over and Trump’s travel ban and  saved America remember... Trump shut down China travel in January and the Media accused him of being “racist”. Trump discusses hydroxychloroquine, zithromax and chloroquine and the media accused him of “spreading false hope”.
. This Is The Longest Something MADE IN CHINA Has Eveeeeerrrr Lasted
Trump is now considering a quarantine of NY, NJ and CT. So predictable! On Tuesday, he shifted from blaming China and the "Chinese virus," and started targeting NY, while giving false assurances to other states that they would be just fine in his rush to reopen.
#LIVE #Venezuela's Vice President @DrodriguezVen thanks the Government of China for sending 500,000 rapid diagnosis kits for people infected with 
China's Wuhan, where the coronavirus emerged, begins to lift its lockdown The drastic measures that helped this happen   …
#Beijing’s #Military spending power is nearly as high as #Washington’s, according to new analysis which tries to iron out differences in labor costs, local purchasing power, and #China’s lack of  …
There is absolutely no way that the Canadian government did not have intelligence in early January of what was going on in Wuhan, China from sources other than WHO.
Beijing Barton happily doing PR work on behalf of the People’s Republic of China.  …
3 billion people are in lockdown across the world outside China. In China all domestic airlines routes open from tomorrow. Wuhan on 8th April. Factories starting, medical equipment exports rushing, & Chinese would start buying beaten up investments across the world. Sweet..
No friend like , who has always stood by every time we needed them! Thank u for your support! Long live China friendship! @MFA_China @zlj517  …
What China did to rest of the world, @ArvindKejriwal did to rest of the India!! Unforgivable!
We know the health of Americans is your top priority. We trust your judgment, President Trump. You were the one who made the decision to stop travel from China early, taking harsh criticism. You saved thousands of lives! WE WILL PREVAIL!
10000+ deaths in a country within a shortest span of time and you are arguing over China is sending donations to Pakistan or Sindh.  …
If I had any doubt WHO is in bed with China it is all gone  …
The united states government had 2 months heads up on the coronavirus and still prioritized corporations' economic growth, and now we have more confirmed cases than china did. Do not EVER forget this. The people in power were happy to jeopardize YOUR life, health, and safety.
“China and Russia have seized on the coronavirus to wage disinformation campaigns to sow doubts about the United States’ handling of the crisis” LOL The US handling of the crisis is a disaster, stop blaming adversaries for making people think that  …
Now it is China China China Rothschild is just an elite liberal who is part of the fed family  …
China needs to be shamed for reported numbers. Italy and US have more cases. Lung disease: China poor air quality that kills 300-400k ppl a year. 350-370 million old people in china smoke. If you burn bodies, there are no new deaths.
Hillary Just Can’t Help Herself. She Has To Be The Center Of Attention. Greg Gutfeld Shreds Hillary Clinton For Believing China’s Coronavirus Data: ‘You Are What Scientists Would Call A Scumbag’ - The Daily Caller  …
Just heard that after Justin public address Sat. morning Mar. 28th,CTV News reported China is sending masks & protective gear to Canada! Simply out to help Justine through his public relations Fiasco as a result of giving 16 tons of Canadian protective gear away! Saving Face  …
So we’ve switched from “blame China” to “blame New York.”
China has gone from 1st to 3rd as the USA and Italy take 1st and 2nd respectively on #Covid_19 cases.
If you agree RT I think it is time the UK started making its own products And not to purchase anything that's made in China its also time to say goodbye to Huawei, walk away from and Stay with WTO, cancel HS2 and foreign aid. And rebuild Britain @UKParliament @10DowningStreet
This was no black swan. Last 2 National Threat Assessments warned of it. China not Trump bears primary responsibility. But between Trump’s self-denial/ self-congratulation he trivialized, misled, wasted time, and is still incapable of leading nation and being President we need.
Reminder, if you needed another reason to ditch Nike (made in China, NBA being a mouth piece of China), pick up a pair of @newbalance Also favorite shoes of  …
China sees itself as War with the United States. When will we return the favor?
China delivered Corona to world @ArvindKejriwal is delivering Corona to all India
It is vital for him that, as his supporters and their loved ones start dying in large numbers, that he has primed them to direct their anger anywhere but him -- China, EU, NATO, NY, etc. They will go to their graves convinced he did all he could, rather than lying & golfing.
China created a new group called Covid-19 China added all countries to the group China left the group Now America, Italy and Spain are the admin of that group.
1/ Government advisors Whitty and Harries have repeatedly stated that the time for testing and tracing is over. This is dangerous nonsense which entirely ignores the successful use of large-scale testing and tracing in China and South Korea.
The U.S. debt was $23.4 trillion as of Feb. 19, 2020. 1 Most headlines focus on how much the United States owes China, one of the largest foreign owners. What many people don't know is that the Social Security Trust Fund, aka your retirement money, owns most of the national debt.
We were all amazed by how quickly China built new hospitals to cope with Coronavirus - now we’ll have at least three new temporary hospitals in the UK  …
#ArrestKejriwal Worst bullshit than china
Let’s scrap #WHO and let it rebrand as #CHO (China Health Organization). Currently #WHO mission is to make Winnie Happy only so it  crap. #WuhanCoronaVirus 
 first spotted on the 28.12.2019, days before the first reported cases of coronavirus in China Comet C/2019 Y4 (ATLAS) photographed by Jamie Cooper, who said, ''Comets have been feared throughout human history as harbingers of doom"  …
If ur given two options, wat can u do????? Going back to ur ex ...or going to China on free visa Me; going back to my ex
Coronavirus (COVID-19) cases by country w/10,000+ cases, deaths in parentheses: US: 113,384 (1,898) Italy: 92,472 (10,023) China: 81,394 (3,295) Spain: 72,248 (5,812) Germany: 56,202 (403) Iran: 35,408 (2,517) France: 32,964 (1,995) UK: 17,089 (1,019) Switzerland: 13,377 (242)
Liar liar pants on fire. You dems attacked Trump for being a xenophobic when he ban travel from China and NOW you are trying to find something he did wrong. He's been right all along and you just can't stand it. Ex Trump supporter? Well let's see if you like socialism  …
Why are entire Factories and Warehouses always exploding in China  …
“If we keep deaths below 20,000 we will have done very well”. Comparing this with total China death toll of 3295, and the overwhelming economic emphasis of today’s briefing, it seems our government’s preferred policy is still “herd immunity”. Morally bankrupt! 
Dear Hindus, Two Things Absolutely Clear: 1. China Invented #Corona To Rein In The Revolting Singapore & Used Uighur Muslims To Achieve The Sinister Objective. 2. @INCIndia & Treacherous @RahulGandhi Instigating The Poor In Delhi To Defeat #CoronaLockdown . And @AamAadmiParty ??
China lied WHO bribed People died #ChineseVirus19
So, only 9.3% of china virus cases are requiring hospital care in NC at the moment. Don't know how many of those are in ICU. And the death rate with KNOWN cases is 0.42% I'll try to keep this thread updated daily going forward. Those in NC might find the information helpful.
Illegal drug prices surge amid pandemic. Heroin and meth prices skyrocket as cartels struggles to get chemicals they need from China. “China has pretty much stopped production on the chemicals they need to do business.” 
China is closssal failure on public health policy let’s all at least agree on that  …
HongKong was a headache for china, to get rid of that headache they gave one to the world, quite literally.
A lot of white folks are obsessed with the idea that China is hiding numbers because they are more concerned with their ideas about USA/European supremacism being challenged than they are about a deadly pandemic.
If you want understand why the Communist Party of China lied, covered up, and deceived the world about the new coronavirus, read this book  …
"After providing nearly $26 billion in aid to farmers over the past few years to offset losses from President Trump’s trade war with China, the administration now has another giant new pot of money to pass out to them with little or no oversight."  …
Prof Powis said if the UK were to keep the number of deaths from coronavirus below 20,000, "we will have done very well" China, with a population many times bigger,has stopped CV in its tracks with 3,295 deaths, as of today. How can we think 20K deaths in the UK is acceptable?
The decline in electricity demand is visible from space. We used the @payneinstitute's capabilities in nighttime lights algorithms to take a look. "Coronavirus' effect on power demand in China, in 3 images"  … via @wef
FWIW Cuomo is  famous and popular in China too. His videos are subtitled and briefings live tweeted. The user in the last screenshot said he should be the US president. 
Pointing out that China is lying is more important than making a dumb pun about the US having the most Coronavirus cases, yes.
#China has, without firing a shot, crippled #Europe and weakened the #Superpower #USA , thanks to its duty-free, #MadeInChina global export of #Coronavirus.
China using it's position as an UNSC veto power has threatened officials of UN and UN agencies for decades with dire consequences if they mention Taiwan/ROC even indirectly.  …
Stunning to watch how a #WHO official shunned the questions regarding #Taiwan’s membership and performance There is no doubt that the WHO has  and is now an agent for #China It's not just Tedros, the whole organization responds to China  …
When the first case of corona virus was discovered in the USA back in January 2020 ... ... Donald Trump immediately jumped into action to protect Americans by shutting down travel from China and creating a task force !! .. and what were the mob rule democrats doing you ask?! 
If there is one clear message from this global crisis it's that the sale & consumption of live animals & wet markets should be strictly prohibited to avoid future pandemics. Pangolins r endangered/illegal but still found on menus in China.  …
Thanks to efforts of  of Wilkins hospital  China United with Zim in fighting the Covid-19. 
The 51% who aren’t on China’s payroll. #PutTheDumplingDown And just think other polls have him at over 60%.
The crude and heavy-handed tactics of China force international organizations to bend to its will. Our press is more interested in using Chinese propaganda to criticize Trump than in investigating how China actually operates.  …
Did China run down the NHS? Did China stop the British government from locking down earlier, or producing ventilators earlier? Did China tell the British government to ignore WHO advice on testing?
Many are saying @RahulGandhi was the first to speak on coronavirus. FACTUALLY incorrect! The GoI has been taking action ever since China identified coronavirus on Jan 7. Here's what's been done date by date. 
I was waiting for "MS Dhoni walks out for the toss.. ", but China couldn't stop cooking bats.
AND (because that's not enough) no serious observer takes China's numbers seriously and Italy is so overloaded that they are just coding all deaths w/  as COVID /8  …
Excuse me "china virus"
But dont say anything about China! It sounds racist to some so-called “journalists” & “activists” @WHO @DrTedros  …
There is not even a pretence. Shameless. China lied,  people  …
Fake news media are cheering China for returning to work, despite China lying about what’s really happening there. In the same breath, they criticize Trump for daring to be optimistic about reopening our economy. They literally want China to overtake America economically!
7 DISTINCT issues here 1 China & @WHO- lied 2 India’s  model -SOUND & uniquely suited to our quantity problem 3 #lockdown- necessary 4 but abruptness- questionable 5 lack of clarity- unforgivable 6 population control- fail 7 remaining measures-  …
Putting America last: 70% of  from China. Because of his long enemies list, inability to deal, and narcissistic revenge, he has politicized the pandemic, risking the lives of first responders by continuing to wage his trade war against China.  …
China IS asshoe. Come for the evil, stay for the stupidity. JG  …
LILLEY: More than 50,000 face shields sent to China could have been used here  …
Why has this  the elephant in the room to avoid talking about?>>> China promotes bear bile as coronavirus cure. What!?  …
I wanted to find a slightly longer version of the RTHK interview (more context) with the WHO’s Dr. Bruce Aylward who basically froze when asked about Taiwan then started babbling about China then fled.  @yvonne_tg for sticking to the question. HT 
The West likes  India, the biggest democracy in the world and China, an authoritarian regime. The is the scene of India during lockdown. Which system is more effective in tackling the pandemic? Draw your own conclusion.  …
@WHO is suspected to help cover up the outbreak in China. Bruce Aylward is a member of the investigation team to China, but they even did not go to the hospitals in WuHan! Later Aylward  China, & said if he is infected, he preferred China Hospitals.
Remember this folks the next time you make a purchase. Make sure it did  from China
Really, really have to wonder if America would have been wearing masks earlier if people actually recognized the hard-earned expertise of folks in Hong Kong, Taiwan, South Korea, China, etc.
//The World Health Organization’s assistant director-general pretends not to hear journalist’s Taiwan questions, and then ends video call. This top official in another interview praises China's #COVID19 prevention work.//  … via @hongkongfp
Coronavirus: To China, the virus is now a foreign problem - and they're creating a fortress to keep it so  …
Blinded by Beijing: The World Health Organization(WHO) Director is a China-Funded Marxist Revolutionary "Tedros is so deeply in bed with the Chinese Communist Party that he and WHO should be ignored when  to dealing with the Chinese coronavirus."  …
“You don’t know what the numbers are in China.” President Trump expressed his doubts about the number of #CCPVirus cases being reported by the #CommunistChina's #CCP in its official data that is quoted around the  …
Exactly Senator Hawley. WHO is a corrupted organisation which is simply appeasing China!! 
-Assam sets up a 700-bed facility in 7 days & can  2000 patients -Gujarat has already set up a 2,200 bed facility within a span of 6 days -Odisha will set up a 2,000 bed facility within 10 days But what our Liberal media highlights, China built hospital in 10 days
Wow. Prof Kenu Yang, Director of Lanzhou University’s Evidence Based Medicine Centre has redirected the time of 7 researchers to provide English translations of all current & ongoing research in China. #COVID19 #sarscov2 See these initial additions here:  
Thank you, people of China. 
Cuomo on Trump's possible quarantine/travel restrictions on New York: "From a medical point of view I don’t know what you would be  Not sure what he's not understanding. Dr. Fauci said cutting travel from China helped limit spread. Same applies to NY now.
 are together with Pakistan in fighting coronavirus:  shows solidarity with Pakistani people in the fight against COVID-19 #ChinaPakSolidarity @ArifAlvi @ImranKhanPTI @ForeignOfficePk @zfrmrza @MFA_China @zlj517 @WorldPTV 
TOP 10 MOST AFFECTED NATIONS Worldwide: 629,627 Cases/28,697 Deaths USA: 112,314/1,873 Italy: 86,498/9,134 China: 81,394/3,295 Spain: 72,248/5,812 Germany: 53,340/399 Iran: 35,408/2,517 France: 32,964/1,995 UK: 17,089/1,019 Switzerland: 13,377/242 Netherlands: 9,762/639
Why is the government ordering PPE equipment from China when we have 1000s of UK factories sitting empty with no orders? @BorisJohnson I have been trying to help with this for the last 10 days and getting nowhere #PPEshortage
Here, for those interested, is my piece in @TheCriticMag detailing China's cover-up of the COVID-19 outbreak, its subsequent disinformation campaign, and what we can do to rein in the Communist Party of China  …
You are the world leader. Take the first step. Expose china. Shift all manufacturing units to India and other EM markets. Boycott  They have blood in their hands Walk the talk @realDonaldTrump And @WHO ?? Are you Chinese agent  …
Today the Government's health adviser predicted 20,000 deaths.Are you going to tell the 20,000 families that's OK, when China, with a much bigger population & the virus first had only 3,700? And Germany is doing much better. This is not a success and  is appalling
#WuhanCoronavius 1) Where whole world is being affected by this, why did it not spread anywhere in China except Wuhan? How did China's capital remain untouched by this? 2) Why did China hide from whole world about the virus? 3) Why destroyed the initial sample of Corona?
There's a way you people can do this opposition thing and succeed but as at now, you are as close to the point as South Africa is to China. Enjoy this for now 
March 5, the Liberal caucus gives Trudeau a standing ovation for condemning the Conservatives asking about China’s political prisoners  …
Do you believe China’s numbers of reported Coronavirus cases?
Hi. Can someone explain to me why the WHO has been given control by America social  to dictate what is and what isn't acceptable discourse re coronavirus? Because it looks to me like the WHO is controlled by China.  …
Coronavirus: Stay fit to fight the virus, say medics “Experts in China, where the virus originated, "found less fit people with medical conditions were five times more likely to have a worse  from Covid-19” Brisk exercise advocated too inc cycling  …
Amazing. If you needed any more evidence of the vice grip China has on the 
DOH not using some donated test kits from China because of their low accuracy rate  
Does China have a cure?  their recovery rate is this high? 
Can someone explain why social  are telling us that the WHO - and by extension China - should be the gate keepers of information re coronavirus?
Anyone else want to make a stink about us sending supplies to China when they needed it? Look here, this is the benefit of cooperation. Thank you, China!  …
A hospital in Nanjing, China's Jiangsu, has put a virus killing robot work  #coronavirus.Thesmart robot can turn 360 degrees in 
The culprits in both coronavirus outbreaks that began in China are not the pangolin, horseshoe bat or civet cat. We have met the enemy: It is us.  …
Greg Gutfeld Shreds Hillary Clinton For Believing China’s Coronavirus Data: ‘You Are What Scientists Would Call A Scumbag’  …
From France to Tunisia to China to Australia, people have long found shelter underground. 
WHO shilling for #China continues. Time to clean house at that organization, which is failing the world before our eyes  …
It's because China stopped counting after welding people into their homes and tossing the dead into mobile incinerators. 21 million cell phone accounts have disappeared in China over the last two months. And shut the hell up, Eugene. 
We are expected to believe that China, a country with some of the world's most densely populated cities and epicenter of the outbreak, has 1/3rd the deaths (in total) of Italy, a country many times less populous. Cool story, bro.
This is shameful. It has been corroborated over and over again that China is sending back more PPE than we gave him. Stop politicizing a global pandemic.
WHAT?!? What are you trying to do to us, Duterte admin? We are NOT a Chinese colony, nor a province of China! We DO NOT need Chinese doctors here!  …
Thousands of Ash Urns at Wuhan Funeral Home Fuel Further Skepticism of China’s Virus Death Toll  … Download
Rewind—Bruce Aylward: “If I had COVID-19, I want to be treated in China.”  
Many of this week's trending human rights tweets are about how governments are misleading the public and bolstering their power during the coronavirus threat at the expense of public health: China, Hungary, Mexico, and many more. 
China faces lasting damage to its image — and possibly to its economic interests. The manmade calamity has fueled an unparalleled global crisis whose costs will continue to mount for weeks. But once countries ride out the crisis, there will be a reckoning.  …
#China resumes domestic flights to #Wuhan province from Sunday..
“Women and children who live with domestic violence have no escape from their abusers during quarantine, and from Brazil to Germany, Italy to China, activists and survivors say they are already seeing an alarming rise in abuse.”  …
Be very afraid of a world in which China emerges dominant.  …
China was crazy good the  ggs
The same family owns most of your internet media (YouTube) & most of the DNA (23andMe) President Trump & Republicans pass speech laws to hinder you from questioning them under the false guise of religion Then the US gives your DNA to China This only scratches the surface  …
As of today, Taiwan has only a few covid-19 cases and only two deaths, despite being only a few miles from China and having hundreds of thousands of citizens who travel back and forth to China regularly.
Medical Supplies from China reach Islamabad Pakistan Plane carried over 10k test kits, 10k N95 mask, 1 lakh Disposable medical masks 5K Medical protective clothes, 5 ventilators, 11 Defibrillator monitors & some 62K sets of drugs for treating #COVID19 China Pak Solidarity 
Eii China paa, the super league teams have started training already.
In a pandemic, Cuba sends doctors to 39 countries to assist. China sends doctors to many countries. US increases killer sanctions and continues bombing. I don't relish this (it's scary) but we are about to reap all we've sown through our history, but particularly since 1945.
I see a lot of silly calls for the US to defund the WHO at the time when we need it most. One of the  seems to be China's WHO influence. Well, China is a fifth of humanity, of course it has sway. And US defunding - well underway - obviously only reduces US sway.
Chris Hayes, worse reporter liberal hack! America is doing a great job in unprecedented situation considering previous admins selling out& lack of info from China. Covid19 fear mongering talking points is shameful! Chris, go overseas & sit this one out! Good Luck  …
. @BilldeBlasio stuffed 600,000 illegal aliens into NYC w/ God knows what diseases He & @NYGovCuomo allowed tens of thousands to travel between China and Chinatown Free movement between NYC & the rest of the world for WEEKS Now NYC is the #Coronavirus epicenter of the world
China has successfully beaten USA in everything. I can explain. #CoronaUpdate
Story, they were already well prepared before they released this virus to the other parts of the world, this is a bio attack .  hubs in china Beijing and Shanghai were not affected by Covid19, but the virus entered plane straight to Europe and US.
It is hard to count cases in the midst of a severe epidemic, but #China's health professionals used unreliable diagnostic tests and its officials, on a massive scale, falsified statistics. Cases, especially in November, went unrecognized. Thanks,  …
If you thought that your DNA would not be shared with China  …
He literally denied Taiwan's effective contribution and more on he recognized Taiwan as china. Disgusting.
THIS may be a good time for our media to start recognizing the World Health Organization (WHO) for what it is--a propaganda arm of  regime in China. STOP DOING THE BIDDING FOR OUR BIGGEST THREAT. Enough is enough.
We are still not at the same curve flattening place as China or South Korea was at the same point in time. Everyone stay home. #StopTheSpread
China's dictatorial hive society allows them to plan ahead decades. Western politicians can't see further than next election. The West is quarantining itself into economic oblivion. China is back and gobbles supply lines & assets - profiting from the disaster they created.
Urn deliveries in Wuhan raise questions about China's ACTUAL coronavirus death toll—3,299 deaths REPORTED in ALL OF CHINA, but just ONE funeral home received shipments of 10,000 urns over the course of two days, according to Chinese media outlet Caixin.  …
China and S. Korea suppressed this phase of the epidemic with #COVID death rates of 57 and 185/mn. The UK is early on in the epidemic with a death rate of 252/m. If we 'do well' to keep to 20,000 deaths, we shall have a rate of 5000/m. Might our science/medical advice be wrong?
Antonio Socci: What a disgrace! Catholics are now being discriminated against worse than in China! They have already taken away the Mass. Now you can go to buy cigarettes at the drugstore, but you can't even go into a church.  …
We are on our way home from Ürümqi Diwopu International Airport in China carrying 5.1 tonnes or approximately one million face masks and respirators. Flight is performed after a request from National Health Service of the Republic of Latvia. by AirLink Aviation Services 
China promotes bear bile as coronavirus cure  … Trying not to offend anyone but why can’t they understand that eating wild animals is what got the whole World in this PANDEMICS?Ignorance is no longer an excuse and China Government should be held responsible
Pleased to know #COVID19 Medical Supplies donation for from Govt are arriving at Islamabad soon.Those supplies are from Wuhan,China, which include ventilators,N95 masks, surgical masks & disposable coveralls will benefit more than 300,000 Pakistanis.Thank you @CathayPak
 from China #CoronaUpdate #coronalockdownuk 
China has now prosecuted 1,919 individuals for COVID-19 related criminal activity. The majority of cases were for selling fake medical equipment or drugs, obstructing official business, fraud, price gauging and even for damaging wildlife and selling endangered animals. 
Remember when everyone got upset that Trump declined to use the WHO's coronavirus test kits? Those test kits were made in China and have an 80% failure rating. Another prescient move by the President.
Could it, just maybe, be possible that China is lying to the world?  …
Video: Top WHO doctor Bruce Aylward pretends not to hear journalist’s Taiwan questions, ends video call  … #coronavirus #covid19 #covid #covidoutbreak #HongKong #China @yvonne_tg
How big does Sean say the crowds are in China?
USA has had 106,258 corona cases so far and CHINA 81,394 cases. What does this information tell you ?
Greg Gutfeld Shreds Hillary Clinton For Believing China’s Coronavirus Data: ‘You Are What Scientists Would Call A Scumbag’  THIS And, also: * Follow this Patriot: @Belle4Texas * . .
Peter's right: what we're going thru now is a mere taste of what would happen if China, Iran, or NK decided to launch an EMP at the US that took down our electric grid US Still Unprepared for Electric Armageddon |   … via @Newsmax
Taiwan warned the WHO on 31 December that COVID-19 spread from human-to-human. The WHO sat on the warning and amplified China’s lie that humans couldn’t transmit the disease. Now the mention of Taiwan prompts a senior WHO official to terminate an interview 
Nah fuck the govt trying to plant this idea in our heads. China was taken off guard by this new virus, and had to work it all out from scratch with no warning, and around 3,000 died The UK had MONTHS to prepare, and endless warning. Reckless neglect is not "doing well" 
Today’s Conundrum WHEN ARE WE SENDING THE 2 TRILLION DOLLAR INVOICE TO CHINA ????!!!
The number of confirmed COVID-19 cases per capita in Blaine County is higher than the rate in New York City and is approaching Wuhan, China, according to NY Times data.  …
This is the same guy who led the “fact finding” mission in China - he was among the only WHO officials allowed in, if that tells you anything about his bias  …
Remember when China quarantined Hubei Province and we were all like "wow, faraway lands are so strange"?  …
This is crazy: Bruce Aylward from the WHO refuses to answer a simple question about Taiwan, even hanging up when the question is repeated. When they call him back, he immediately goes back to praising China and gets out before she could ask him again. 
The CARES act will provide emergency funding to steer our economy through the outbreak of the China Virus. If you're a small business owner looking for help navigating new loan programs, my office is here to help. Visit this link for more information:  …
Good call! ASAP! Why aren’t they wearing hazmat suits like in China?
If anyone's wondering where did WHO's balls go, they're right there in China's pockets.  …
China really changed Carrasco 
Just unbelievable!! The way the #WHO is engaging in blatant suppression of #Taiwan as a public health topic, it’s so clear #China totally owns this international org. @WHO @DrTedros #BruceAylward all acting like spokespersons of the #CCP working for #ZhaoLijian just  …
How dare China tries to help Europe when America can't!  …
Just opposite DACA  illegal alien issue.Sanctuary locales can claim in court that ILLEGAL is ILLEGAL Crossing border was a gamble Getting phony IDs was a gamble DACA should tell ALL illegals get tested &gamble again won’t B deported If not,China Virus will never end  …
Two or more of the worst outbreaks on earth are happening in countries whose dictatorships are simply lying about it. Thus America is doubly penalized for its honesty: we know less about the disease and its spread, &it appears we’re failing where China, Iran etc are succeeding
Right out of the gate @realDonaldTrump was called a racist for calling it what it is. #Chinavirus and stopping all flights to and from China. That within itself saved countless lives. Fact. 
CDC head claims China was 'pretty certain' coronavirus could not pass between humans at the start of the outbreak 
JOE KERNEN: --are there worries about a pandemic at this point? PRESIDENT TRUMP: No. Not at all. And-- we’re-- we have it totally under control. It’s one  in from China, and we have it under control. It’s—going to be just fine. "  …
China sent an expert team and a large shipment of medical equipment to the United Kingdom on Saturday to help in the fight against COVID-19. 
What a sorry state of affairs - @WHO's Bruce Aylward says he couldn't hear @thepulse_rthk's @yvonne_tg q about #Taiwan being frozen out. Call "cuts out" and when she calls again, he says "all parts of China" have done quite well in dealing with #COVID19  
Watching world famous show DNA on zeenews with @sudhirchaudhary g . Thanks @sudhirchaudhary g for exposing China and his lie . @ZeeNews 
" One of the most dramatic effects of humanity's COVID-19-induced slowdown has been nature's rapid response; clean air over China, fish in the canals of Venice...In this disaster lies an opportunity to reflect & change our behavior .." 
DONT DO "Research"!! Spend $25 Million on TESTING THE MASSES IMMEDIATELY, tracing all exposed and quarantine them!! It's the Only solution and it's WORKING PERFECTLY in China & South Korea!!! Please!! Mass free testing and quantine #TestAndQuarantine! @Facebook @NBCNews @AP  …
Military action against china is necessary for their creation and release of the coronavirus bioweapon....
This is what china did to the world 
WHY IS IMPORTANT THAT CHINA GET RIGHTFULLY TARGETED FOR THIS VIRUS? BECAUSE TRUMP KNOWS - THE PLAN - COMPANIES WILL RIGHTFULLY GO BACK TO IN COUNTRY MANUFACTURING! ERGO CHINA WILL BE DESTROYED FROM WITHIN & OUT (MANUFACTURERES WILL NEVER TRUST THEM AGAIN) ERGO - US ECONOMY &
A friend who’s a pharmacist told me medical journals (required reading for pharmacists to maintain their licenses)reported a new SARS like virus in China in NOVEMBER-ID’d as coronavirus in Dec-means the CDC knew in November. Trump knew then too. He waived it off from the get go.
A senior WHO official cuts off an interview with a reporter who implies that Taiwan isn’t a part of China. China lied to the world and the WHO covered for them. 
What’s killing Florida citrus? An insect from China. A cure may be at hand. | Opinion  …
There has been an increase in racism agst Asians in the United States AND an increase in racism agnst non-Chinese in #China. I'm 100% certain of both. Some deny this is happening in one country, but hardly anybody denies it is happening in both. Stop politizing #racism, 
China poisoned the world  …
2 weeks ago govt scientists were pushing herd immunity; their advisors at the Imperial College used a data model that ignored empirical evidence from China & Italy and was based on flu virus, which is 20 times less infectious. I think govt scientists should be kicked up the arse.
Unforeseen? I quote Dotard from January 2020. “We have it totally under control. It’s one  in from China. It’s going to be just fine.”  …
#Taiwan knew better than to trust #China’s data. 
China lied, people died, and the WHO covered for them  …
The world needs to respond strongly to this. We can’t control what the Chinese govt does, but we can control our trade w them. We have all been too dependent on China anyway, and that needs to end.  …
If you blame China for our problems, then you are also blaming President Trump who spent 2 months promoting Chinese propaganda while delaying our preparation.  …
Thread | @Aabhas24 tells us what #DrTedros, #China and #WHO have done / not done to get us to where we're at present with  …
Wow she buys whatever China is selling. @RosieBarton must be tighter to Trudeau than we  …
China has donated thousands of medical supplies to Canada to aid in the fight against the COVID-19, according to the Chinese Embassy.  …
"Please don't get neighbors like Pakistan and China. You deserve better"
As Carl points out, US distancing is far less intensive than China’s was. But on tracing/isolation/quarantine, we’re not even doing a weak version of what they did - we’re barely doing anything like this on any kind of organized scale.
Good thread from @CT_Bergstrom on why the @IHME_UW state projections may underestimate the extent of the problem. I’d add that the model seems to assume social distancing was the main factor in China, when in fact it was that plus massive contact tracing, isolation, quarantine.  …
Which media house do you think will #China rope in to? China is ‘training’ journalists from India and other countries to peddle Chinese propaganda  … #ChineseCommunistPartu #Chona #India #IndianMedia via @tfipost
if this incident happened in China, it would be proclaimed as an example of national conspiracy and coverup.  …
China will sell masks to prevent Chinese Virus. Business Model 1o1  …
China will continue to play its part as a major and responsible country. Xi Jinping 
The Canadian Government faced a lot of criticism for shipping #PPE to #China before #coronavirus outbreak hit here. Now China is starting to pay us back. International cooperation works. United we stand. Divided we fall. #COVID19  …
china and the WHO royally screwed this up from the very beginning. both continue to obfuscate and deceive. the rest of the modernized world should hold them accountable and demand retribution.  …
China and its  propose a new internet architecture Oh noes... look everybody...  Huawei, who is totally-not-owned-by-the-government, was also present and a supporter of the new plan  
Trump is so evil he would spread it back to china if he could He would let millions die and still gaslight He is extorting State Leaders since they are in fear of death in States #TrumpCovid19Extortion  …
China built a 1,000-bed hospital in 9 days. A 2,200-bed hospital has been built in Gujarat in 6 days. But, the talk will always be of the former.
China is responsible for the "deaths and economic struggles" caused by the coronavirus." @realdonaldtrump should "deduct the cost of the bailout from our debt owed to China," to make up for the damage they've caused, says Soo Hoo. 
Congratulations to the Chinese Communist Party. You (together with China loving globalist elite) released a man made #COVID19 and started a China chapter of #antifa . Whoopsi Ji  …
China now sending thousands of medical supplies and personal protective equipment to Canada. In February, Canada had sent 16 tonnes of personal protective equipment to China.  …
Not many people know this but coronavirus didn't originate in China, it actually originated in a warped tour porta potty
Trump’s tariffs on China still apply to over $100 billion of INPUTS that  need to manufacture stuff here It’s not only removing tariffs on PPEs & hospital equipment Trump’s tariffs on imported PARTS hurt the US fight against COVID-19 2/  
During these testing times, when Pakistan has to train its doctors to fight the pandemic & provide necessary medical equipment, our friend China has sent trained medical team & equipment for which we are grateful.Federal Minister Asad Umar 
“It feels like it’s been going on forever, but it really hasn’t: Gov. Cuomo puts pandemic in New York into  timeline to China, South Korea and Italy  
#China Shuts Down All Cinemas, Again. The government is worried about a potential second wave of #coronavirus infections Over the past 2 weeks, hundreds of cinemas had begun to reopen, but film regulators have slammed the brakes on a gradual  …
tw// nth room this time in china the same incident happened and there are... 8.6m men... lord save asian women...  …
That bizarre @WHO agent for Communist China? The one who refuses to even say the word ”Taiwan”? He’s a Canadian, promoted by Trudeau’s pro-Communist cabinet.  …
MY LATEST: China’s Playbook For Deflecting Coronavirus Blame Onto The U.S. Could Be Working Exactly As Planned  …
“One day, there will definitely be a narrative about the recent events in China,” said a 34-year-old Beijing resident, “and at the very least we can let other people know exactly what happened here.” 
America is too wimpy to quarantine properly & too wimpy to accept #coronavirus losses. This is a war. And being “woke” doesn’t help you—the opposite in fact. We are led by a Gov of crony capitalists & princesses w/ a wannabe king leading. Goodbye America laughs China & Russia.
CHINA must be dragged into the International Court and stripped of its VETO power in the UN. #COVID19 #CrimeAgainstHumanity #ChinaLiedPeopleDie #CKMKB 
I stand with the PEOPLE of China against it's government and  corruption of the "World Health Organization". They won't get to rewrite history.
China - major psychological burden of health care workers on the frontline of #COVID19 with depression (50%), anxiety (45%), insomnia (34%) & distress (72%). We need to prepare for this  … @parthaskar @TheBMA @rcgp @trishgreenhalgh
So, again #WHO shows the world it is an organisation controlled by #China. #CCPLiedPeopleDied #ChineseBioterrorism 
BEIJING: Strict regulations are being rolled out to prohibit the hunting and consumption of wild animals in Beijing. The problem is mainly in rural areas. This is something but China need to ban it countrywide & permanently.  …
Yes. A handful of us on Twitter we’re paying extremely close attention to China. We also intently watched how Trump was handling the  out. So, yes, we all concluded Trump chose to do nothing from day one. 100% on purpose. I have ZERO doubt about it.
Gojo Industries makes hand sanitizer dispensers in the United States. But they need a key input from China. Trump just denied its request to get excluded from his 25% tariff because it couldn't show economic harm. Despite COVID-19. By @Jendeben  …
. @NYGovCuomo : this situation is disorienting.. - first NY case was just 27 days ago - schools closed 10 days ago - China’s first case was 12 weeks ago - Italy 8 weeks ago
We all know that Taiwan is not “China” @WHO
Update - #MODIS #AOD analysis for March now clearly shows significant decrease in AODs in parts of #China, although there is lot of burning and transport of smoke happening all over Asia, signal appears to more real and #COVID19 effects on pollution are more apparent 
Honourably @JustinTrudeau helped. Now China is sending #convid19 med supplies to Italy, U.S. and Canada. #ScheerNonsense would had done opposite and the #Conservatives would had killed us. #Canadians got it right to #ChooseForward. Best @AndrewScheer get out of the way!  …
Not only does the WHO refuse to acknowledge Taiwan but they have such an allegiance to China that the rep pretends he can't even hear the question. 
My latest @TheNatlInterest -Overwhelming wealth, scientific advancement and relative security proven obsolete for West. - #COVID19 will further erode already flailing democracy in West. -EU is no longer a 'union'. - #China, #Russia replaced  …
Some of the kits from China proved to only be 40% accurate. Spain earlier also withdrew 58,000 China kits for poor accuracy.  …
The WHO and the EU are bought out by China and  money, we've all known this but it's sad to see China's influence erasing the independence of Taiwan, Hong Kong, and others. China is a threat and it must be stopped  …
This is what China is Upto!!! 
one phonecall from xi and suddenly it’s the coronavirus and not the china virus. everyone’s a gangster til a real gangster walks in the room  …
The driverless shuttles being used in China to disinfect streets #ai #ArtificialIntelligence #SelfDrivingCars #AutonomousVehicles #AutonomousVehicle 
I wouldn’t trust the WHO anymore than I’d trust China.
Last month, the Canadian gov. sent 16 tonnes of personal protective equipment to China to deal with #COVID-19. Today, China is returning the favour by sending 30,000 medical masks, 10,000 sets of protective clothing, 10,000 goggles and 50,000 pairs of gloves to Canada #Covid_19
Communist China’s propaganda arm just brag-tweeted that our government just agreed to give our genetic material to their leading genetic sequencing entity??!?! We are literally giving China the source code to our existence and the existence of future Americans. This is unwise.  …
Bruce Aylward of the World Health Organization refuses to answer any questions about Taiwan or why they’re banned from the WHO. China controls the WHO. 
China confirms it is donating some medical supplies to Canada.  …
We’re supposed to trust an organization that won’t acknowledge an entire country so they don’t upset China.  …
Chinese are v. evil! Chinese thermometer wholesaler (red circle): Make some fake thermometers that display 39°C as 36.5°C and export them to the US. Increase their infection no. Let's c how many US people left to hurt foreign countries! #BoycottChina #China 
The @WHO cannot be trusted. They’re without a doubt controlled by China. Watch this. 
The WHO has  corrupted by China. How many other Western institutions have they corrupted, just not as blatantly? I discuss this in my latest column for The @EpochTimes: One Belt One Road...One  …
Taiwan isn't a province, my man. Taiwan is a separate country, and the true successor to China.
The Chinese Embassy in Ottawa says China is sending 30,000 medical masks, 10,000 sets of protective clothing, 10,000 goggles and 50,000 pairs of gloves to Canada.  …
