Ok... so... unvaccinated children are barred from school, but the coronovirus hasn’t prompted a China travel ban? Shut it down
“The European Union is a group of countries that got together to screw the United States. It’s as simple as that. And frankly, they’re probably worse than China in the sense of barriers.”—President Trump, roughly at the 16 minute mark below.  …
When farmers' markets  zoos, the effect can be deadly. For a second time in 17 years, an epidemic has been traced to a market in China selling live wildlife.  …
Malaysia should aware that 3/4 #coronavirus cases came from Johor. The China people came in from Singapore. The government should screen China citizen  from Singapore by bus, train or car as well. Not just strict screening at KLIA. How about Johor people? @KKMPutrajaya
China's years-long expansion into Africa has left the continent particularly vulnerable to the spread of a new iteration of coronavirus. 
China's president Xi Jinping warns killer coronavirus is accelerating as doctor dies and US evacuates its citizens from Wuhan 
Having so much fun with @Andiecip at the China Crisis concert tonight. Thrilled to meet Eddie Lunden, guitarist and vocalist. This band sounds phenomenal live! 
One upside to the China virus is the #of Chinese students who study abroad in US. Vast majority spent the last month in China during the holiday break. Most have already returned to the US within the past week. Say goodbye Academics and administrators. This is your AIDS
Why doesn’t the government ban all travel to and from China? I guess that would be too much  sense.  …
The Northern Lights shining brightly outside a China Southern 777 above Canada.  © Hongming 
China Quarantines 40 Million, 1,300+ Infected; Expert Predicted Coronavirus ‘Pandemic’ Could Kill 65 Million; U.S. Evacuation Underway In China  …
when my chinese shop says the chicken used in my sweet and sour came fresh from china 
I’m having a serious fanboy moment! Just met Gary Daly, lead singer of China Crisis! The nicest guy!!  …
The reason why this is an important step to prevent the spread of the Coronavirus to the DPRK and unfortunately what is being conveniently looked over by a lot of the media reporting on this issue is that the DPRK receives around 600,000 tourists annually and most are from China.  …
I'm devouring these China phone videos of the epidemic. What unbelievable footage could be next? I want to see a grandma descending a stair case doing the backward crab walk from the Exorcist with a 400 degree fever
UPDATE: A 50-year-old man who returned from a trip to Wuhan, China, on Jan. 22 was admitted to Sunnybrook the next day with a respiratory infection. Tests came back positive for coronavirus on Saturday afternoon.  …
There’s no question that Guaido has made great connections & been a tour de force during the world tour but the question now is how to translate that into change at home. Best case: Russia & China has change of heart. Worst case: over-reliance in foreign help that   …
FLASHBACK: Justin Trudeau says the country he most admires is China, and its “basic dictatorship”.  .
China coronavirus death toll rises to 54 with 300+ new cases confirmed in outbreak epicenter Hubei 
Muslims Are Being ‘Slaughtered on Demand’ For Their Organs in China  …
Ripping off American students and leaving them in debt forever wasnt enough. You wanted that China money. Now look at you. On a gurney at a hospital.
Skip Bayless on Monday: "Does Kawhi donating money to a stripper prove hes more charitable than LeBron who bowed to China for profit? Up NEXT on Undisputed!"
8 #Animals #Eaten ALIVE In #China The chef cuts the head, removes the skin, remove the bowels, to eliminate the parasites, cut the meat and serve the raw snake as quick as possible so it’s Alive & moving  
This is what I have so far from my sources. The man flew in Toronto from Guangzhou on Jan 22. His flight number is CZ311 operated by China Southern airline. If you are on that flight please quarantine for 14 days #WuhanCoronavirus Just suspend all inbound flights from China now.  …
Spread of coronavirus ‘accelerating’, warns China president  …
@LindseyGrahamSC 1 Biden son isn't an Elected official 2. Biden did not abuse power to withhold aid to Ukraine withour congress knowing @china if you are listening could you investigate @LindseyGrahamSC personal life, and paramours
#CoronaVirus is very serious but let’s remember over 2500 mainland Chinese die from #smoking related disease /every/ /DAY/. Ironic, given Hon Lik (of China) invented the modern #eCigarette which is best chance of curbing those deaths. #China #PublicHealthEmergency #Tobacco
8 #Animals #Eaten ALIVE IN #CHINA #BabyMice called “three squeaks babies” they would scream 3x: first when grabbed w/ chopsticks, second when dipped in the sauce, third final squeak when eaten  
Scooter started the corona virus because China is Taylor’s 2nd biggest market
#ABC_challenge Day 13 #AnywherebutChina #BoycottChina Raising awareness of anti-CCP and not purchasing Made-in-China products Join the challenge by tagging ur frds! 
Thank you for noticing! Don't accept the lie that a more authoritarian China will handle the #CoronavirusOutbreak better than societies w free press, where people can freely exchange information, where Wikipedia is not blocked, and people aren't imprisoned for asking  …
What’s even worse is China discovered cases of this back in November. Why the heck didn’t they take the appropriate steps then
8 #Animals #Eaten Alive In #China  Ying Yang Yu, Dead & Alive #Fish, the fish’s body is rapidly deep-fried & served, the head, not fried, is still fresh & moving w/ care not to damage the internal organs, it can live for 30 mins.  
China's #WuhanVirus Update: - 54 Deaths Now Confirmed. - 38 Declared Cured. - 1,200 - 4,000 #Infected - #Quarantine Zone Now 55 Million. - 2 Hospitals Being Built for Crisis. - Possible to Spread Through Eyes. #FoodWorldOrder #CoronaVirus
So create something REALLY BIG to get The protesters off the street in China... This guy is silenced... First patient is cured... nope nothing there
French car maker Peugeot to repatriate staff from China's Wuhan area  
Sharing information about #coronarovirus. Please share and educate those around you. #who #health #CORONAVIRUSFRANCE #CoronaOutbreak #China #Singapore #thailand 
This coronavirus is spreading like crazy. Avoid travel to China if possible folks. It apparently started same market where SARS started from all kinds of open market where animals are sold in unsanitary conditions. Be safe.
I’m just over here having an anxiety attack! Why did the federal govt not shut down flights from China and that area? How many ppl have they let in from there? #toronto  …
Coronavirus: President Xi warns of 'grave situation' as China infection spreads  
4,790 votes so far, 92% say: ban flights from China. Voting still open.  …
I’m pretty sure this whole China shit is being downplayed super hard and people just vibin like everything is okay LOL this is not okay
I liked this Trump. Not the one who praises China for their "transparency" while we continue to allow travel from China and leave ourselves vulnerable to a pandemic.  …
Tim Cook Says Apple Will Donate to Coronavirus Relief Efforts in China  … by 
Coronavirus: academic had no official contact on return from China  …
Can the Nigerian government release a travel advisory for #Nigerians against visiting #China at this time? Particularly our businessmen and co who frequent the Asian region. But no, the government is never proactive.
WHO is useless As if China is not massively connected to the rest of the globe. Worthless  …
BREAKING: Death toll from coronavirus in China reaches 54, over 300 new cases registered – report  
Online class in China ! Here is my Weibo account :) you can check curriculum hear .  
I'm going way out here now...... 1. What if China is sending these virus ridden people? 2. What if this is no accident? 3. What better way to kill? 4. No tanks, no bombs, just a virus.
Canada has its first case of the #CoronaVirus. The Toronto patient had recently travelled from Wuhan, China.  …
WHO’s risk assessment of the new #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) situation has not changed: very high in #China high at the regional level moderate at the global level WHO’s situation report 25 January 2020  
Anything else to say about China? Anything?  …
Tricontinental Cup: U-18 U.S. WNT vs. China PR  …
$SBES True-Believer™ Alert: "Businessmen in China  up with a new system:... purchasing non-active  that are already publicly listed on a lower-tier stock exchange, such as the 'Over the Counter Markets' or OTC." #HolyShit  …
BREAKING: China virus toll rises to 54 dead, more than 300 new cases, says government. | via 
This is about as credible as the USSR’s handling of Chernobyl. Add three zeros to each number from China’s Communist Party, and you’re probably closer to the truth.  …
Update of confirmed #coronavirus cases worldwide: -China (HK, Macao, Taiwan): 1,142 & 54 deaths -Japan: 3 -South Korea: 2 -France: 3 - Australia: 4 -Canada: 1 -U.S. : 2 -Russia: 7 -Nepal: 1 -Vietnam: 2 -Malaysia: 4 -Singapore: 4 -Thailand: 5 
Fascinating that Vietnam recalibrates and responds to China’s hybrid People’s War at sea, consistent with its own history and strategic culture, by developing -you guessed it- another variation on the People’s War at sea.  …
Pompeo should remind Trump that China has a border with India. I mean he cares about geography so much right?
#BREAKING China virus toll rises to 54 dead, more than 300 new cases, says government 
I just checked the Twitter feeds of Canada’s prime minister, foreign minister, transport minister, defence minister & health minister. Not a single one of them has anything to say about a #coronavirus patient arriving by plane from China. Like Justin Trudeau, they’re on vacation. 
I don't know if President Trump isn't stopping the flights from coronavirus torn China because he is stubborn, stupid, or just doesn't care.  …
BREAKING: Total of 52 deaths, 129 severe cases and 1052 confirmed cases of new strand of coronavirus in Hubei Province, China.
China can keep their BAT soup and their Corona Virus. India News is stating they are lying about the numbers and the severity. #CoronaOutbreak
Teacher: “there will be a new student from China” Girls: “omg, I hope he’s cute!” Boys: 
Probably That's How Started The Corona-Virus In China. 
Toronto Public Health says it has received reports of Canada's "First presumptive confirmed case" of Coronavirus in a resident who has recently returned from Wuhan in China where it has killed 41 people
“They are dying before our eyes” #coronavirus #WuhanCoronavirus #kungflu #CoronaOutbreak #wtf #china why is #facebookdown more trending than THIS 
4th #coronavirus reported by @KKMPutrajaya Not related to previous 3 cases. China Suspends Tours Abroad as President Xi Jinping Warns of “Grave Situation”  …
When we warned on Ebola people said quarantine was impossible. At least in China urban scale quarantine is seen as an essential way  pandemics. We need effective policy -- and not wait for global catastrophe to teach us.  … @nntaleb
What’s important is if you want to learn about China and know what’s happening there don’t trust CNN, BBC, or NYT—listen to actual Chinese voices and Chinese social media and Chinese news sources. Stuff that doesn’t need to fit a western editorial line. Seek truth from facts!
Almost every time I see a “how can the west criticize China for X when the west has Y” claim Y is also a problem in China that the speaker is simply ignorant of
As Pompeo lectures on geography, his boss thinks -Belgium is a city -Paris is in Germany -Colorado borders Mexico -Nambia is a country Trump doesn't know that India & China share a border or that Nepal and Bhutan are countries, and said he bombed Iraq when it was actually Syria
CNN’s @drsanjaygupta discusses the new deadly strain of coronavirus that originated in Wuhan, China. More than 1,400 people have been infected across the world, the vast majority in mainland China, where dozens have died.  
Ontario public health officials aren't saying what flight or carrier the Toronto coronavirus patient came to Canada on, but they did say he connected on a flight in Guangzhou and flew to Toronto. Only airline that does that route is China Southern.
#AmazingChina Que'er Mountain is located in SW China and is the northernmost part of the Hengduan Mountains. It is also one of the few snow mountains named after birds in China. 
There are only 761 cases in Wuhan but already over 30 confirmed cases from international travelers. Is 4% of the entire city flying internationally or is China lying?  …
and we're not shutting down the flights from China? Ridiculous. Putting millions of people in way of harm. Sunnybrook Hospital is huge with hundreds of people at the same time. So are they now in jeopardy of possibly catching this? Because I'm sure he sat in emerg for hours.
The project cost from Mombasa to Nairobi was 90% financed by the Export-Import Bank of China. The remainder of the project cost was funded by the Kenyan government. The $3.23 billion financing from Exim was finalised in May 2014 with low interest @NAkufoAddo @JDMahama 
China announces 400 new coronavirus cases, bringing worldwide total to 1,370 — suspends all overseas tour groups 
Coronavirus in Cda. Reporters are asking what part of TO this guy lives in. No one will answer. What about people on the planes with this guy? Left China on Jan 21. He came into Cda on Jan 22, next day in hospital. Family members are in “self-isolation.”
China after the virus became global 
If China was a small country with a small economy and followed US foreign policy then we would hear no news about it at all, there could be the worst disease imaginable and you’d hear nothing. China is being slandered because it has, and continues to, displace the US economically
Anti-Chinese racism—sinophobia—has  the ‘acceptable’ form of racism, because of how western media (taking their cue from US foreign policy) has designated China as the no.1 rival so there is a systematic propaganda war to stigmatise, distort, and ‘other’ all things China.  …
18/Saying that the U.S. is "ahead of China" in technology, just because "our" big consumer  are more efficient at capturing monopoly rents than China's, may no longer be a meaningful statement.
Someone based out of China mailed me 3 jock straps to my home address. I haven’t given out my home address to anyone nor has anyone offered to buy me any. But it’s my name and address and it’s from China... wtf
Proposal: —Global warming is real/human caused —Best estimate ~3C warmer by 2100—serious but not catastrophic —Unfair to world's poor, China, India etc. to insist they stay poor by forgoing all CO2 emissions —Invest in science/tech solutions —Aim for 100% renewable energy by 2100
All flights in and out if China should have been stopped weeks ago.
Protect our Canadians first! We don’t know what this is, China is probably dramatically lowering infection numbers and isn’t telling us everything.
Joe Biden: ‘We Don’t Need Standing Armies’; ‘We Should Be Helping’ Communist China (VIDEO) 
STOP FLIGHTS TO AND FROM CHINA
Ontario officials say there is a "presumptive positive" test result for the coronavirus in Toronto. A man in his 50s had travelled to Wuhan, China and felt ill on his return to Canada. He is now in stable condition in Sunnybrook hospital. WATCH LIVE: 
China kept secret the outbreak of the Coronavirus since October 2019. The World Heath Organization says the number of infected and deaths do not add up. On Thursday the World Health Organization will have more data and decide if Coronavirus is a global health crisis like SARS.
Ontario's chief medical officer announces that Canada has its first case of #coronavirus - a male in his 50s who traveled to Wuhan, China. He is now being treated at @Sunnybrook LIVESTREAM of announcement  … via @cbcnews
Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre is caring for a patient who has a confirmed case of the novel coronavirus that originated in Wuhan, China. The patient is in stable condition and has been admitted to an isolation room. More info:  …
Officials say first case involved a male in his 50s who travelled from Wuhan, China. He was admitted at Sunnybrook hospital.
WHAT IS GOING ON HERE! THIS IS SCARY... PEOPLE ARE LITERALLY DROPPING IN THE STREETS FROM THE #coronarovirus #CoronaOutbreak Is this a man-made virus? If so, population control? Read the enclosed article. It’s in China, UK, US, Mexico  
Johns Hopkins live tracking map of China's Coronavirus Of the 1,438 people known to be infected, 42 have died and 39 have recovered.  …
(4) DECEMBER 2019 - First reported cases of the coronavirus in Wuhan, China which, coincidentally, is the same city where they built a lab to test the world's most dangerous pathogens including SARS, EBOLA, and the coronavirus.  …
... what an opportune time for the Deep State to start a "global" (?) pandemic that... (1) gives China and other governments an excuse to issue Martial Law and force protesters to their homes for their own "safety" (2) potentially ruins the China trade deal
So with everything going on right now: - Trump winning on every level against the Deep State - World wide anit-government protests including Hong Kong protesting  (Deep State) governments - Trump making Deep State China cave in the "trade war"
Medical supply stores in central Texas are experiencing a medical mask shortage after a Texas A&M student, having recently traveled to Wuhan, China, may have contracted coronavirus 
United States is working to EVACUATE Americans out of the Chinese city #Wuhan China has now QUARANTINED 40 million people w/ 1,300 infected and is warning the nation is in a grave situation by the accelerating spread of virus that could KILL millions  …
Why hasn’t Canada restricted  flights from China?  
Crazy virus in China that may spread outside of the country... "Fuck that save ben solo!" This truly is the dark timeline.
60,000,000 lives taken since abortion was legalized. 400,000,000 lives taken due to China's one child policy, mainly females. Millions more lives taken around the world due to abortion. This is what liberals, feminists & Democrats champion. A half a billion children's lives lost 
They wouldn’t be building a hospital from the ground up in China within a week if there were only 1200 confirmed #coronarvirus
The first healthcare worker death from #WuhanCoronavirus has been reported. Rest in peace, Dr. Liang Wudong, and thank you for your service. In case you haven't heard, rn healthcare staff across China are being forced to work abusive hours without proper protective gear 
China coronavirus spread accelerating, Xi Jinping warns Something strange and worrying about this Only saying 40+ deaths, yet grand scale panic in China never seen before Thinking they know something we don't? More dead? They keeping something secret?  …
A 90 minute secret recording! This president is so  and reckless. If Lev and Igor could do this imagine what Russia, China, Saudi Arabia and Israel have on this guy.
I am in China this very moment. What you are talking about is absurd. That's exactly the sound of firecrackers I have been hearing for the last 3 days. You are a criminal and should be prosecuted for the falsehood you are spreading. I am reporting you to Twitter.
Nurse treating coronavirus sufferers in China claims 90,000 people have already been infected 
I'm definitely not suprised that this virus started in China 
1/I'm bored, so here's a random thread about technological innovation in the U.S. and China. China is not quite at the technological frontier (the point where there's no catch-up left and you have to invent new stuff). But it's getting close. 
China Quarantines 40 Million, 1,300+ Infected; Expert Predicted Coronavirus ‘Pandemic’ Could Kill 65 Million; U.S. Evacuation Underway In China  …
Ominous signs. Forbidden City (major tourist attraction) is now closed, and tours in #Beijing are now cancelled. I fear that #Beijing soon may be locked down, joining at least 11 of cities in #China with a collective 50+ million people. #2019nCoV #corona  …
China is building a new 1,000 bed hospital in 6-days (a monumental task) and has locked down three cities. It just seems like maybe they know something we don't.  …
This is why we need to kick China out of every fucking international org as long as Emperor Poop & his fellow CCP parasites r still in power China has BRIBED WHO into NOT declaring a global health crisis. Now people r dropping like flies everywhere.  …
Just wondering - will African countries issue a travel advisory about China due to the #CoronaVirus? Sounds like it should be handled with the same severity as #Ebola
If China is sealing off whole cities, if the hospitals are running short on beds and supplies, if they're building huge hospitals in a week then this isn't a small thing. If they turned people away from getting help it also means they have no idea how bad it actually is...
Wait Hopefully this  from China  …
Video from #Wuhan showing the arrival of military medial teams during the night #coronoavirus #WuhanCoronavirus #China 
Kenyan Locust Plague Ravages Farmland! Locals say it's impossible to end swarms by spraying chemicals Some environmentalists say eating bugs will save the earth They should ask Greta what to do Bet she  Locust Soup We know how well those special soups worked in China 
VIDEO: Residents of Wuhan, the epicentre of China's virus outbreak, flock to pharmacies as the city and surrounding areas are placed under quarantine 
It is 6 am in China which means additional cases will likely be reported in the next few hours. Many regions have updates between 7 and 11 a.m.  …
The #Coronavirus confirmed outbreak locations: • China • France • Japan • Australia • Malaysia • Nepal • Singapore • South Korea • Taiwan • Thailand • United States • Vietnam • Hong Kong — More dates being added soon
Wuhan residents say they have ALL been left to catch China's deadly coronavirus as city orders total lockdown  
China's President Xi Jinping has described the accelerating spread of coronavirus as a 'grave situation'  
AUSTRALIA.. we weren't wrong about the red cross... we arent wrong about the deep state, Globalism, cabal of jud0ma5onic5, China or Islam either.. TRUST US - WE ARE HERE TO HELP  …
When you want to buy a mask because of the disease but find out they’re shipped from China 
China is having its Chernobyl moment. Trust nothing. Verify everything.
My mobile phone keeps flickering between providers from Globe to something called “China  It’s happening too quickly to catch with a screen shot. Are they active in the Philippines?!
Reading about the quarantine of 15 cities in China (48M people) to stop the spread of #2019nCoV is mind-boggling. Imagine imposing mandatory quarantine (no cars, buses, trains, flights in or out) in 15 cities across the US and how well that will go over
• Last July, Chinazis spies caught stealing pathogens from Canada’s only BSL-4 lab. • Where did they send the stolen shit? The Wuhan lab the only BSL-4 lab in China? • Also last July, people marched in the streets of Wuhan against the building of a mass incinerator.
i’m finna fly to china and just end this shit
Doctors on standby at Heathrow to meet any sick passengers from China First action that is required is to stop flights in and out of China! If the Border Force is up to its usual standards they'll never be found! 
US foreign policy “experts” criticize China for its actions to prevent major outbreaks yet won’t ever be caught mentioning how millions of people around the world suffer from diseases and disabilities caused by US bombing campaigns. Or that the US refuses to own up to it.
Medical workers of the Union Hospital with the Tongji Medical College of the Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan participate in a ceremony to form an 'assault team' to battle a coronavirus epidemic in China. In science we trust... 
. @ScottMorrisonMP must urgently clarify precisely what biosecurity screening measures are and are not being implemented at our airports. Direct flights from China should now be subject to the most rigorous checks. This is a critical Border Security issue. #auspol #aushealth
43 flights will arrive in Australia from #China today. @ScottMorrisonMP says travellers will get instructions on what to do if they develop #coronavirus symptoms. But Border Security staff have been told “no mass temperature screening measures will be implemented at this time”
England  their pool matches with a convincing win over China at #NZSevens 
Such a thing would be impossible in the US or UK because capital dominates over the needs of the people—building a new hospital would take years, mountains of red tape, and millions (and probably still be built by China!). In China the state can act immediately on people’s needs.  …
Is China Lying? Experts question why it suddenly kicked into action last week after 1st conronavirus case was reported amid claims the regime has used its super power statues to stop UN from declaring an international emergency- I called it days ago!  …
A big shout out to our Scottish/Chinese followers, and our Scottish followers in China. It's only one year in 60 that the Lunar New Year and Burns Night fall on the same day. We'll never see its likes again. Kong Hei Fatt Choy!
Gaspard: We should pay attention to the rise of China, especially with how it has taken on surveillance in its society. #Sundance2020 | via @ramboreports
LISTEN! Don't Buy the Media Hype Over the New China Virus. Keep your eye on the ball. Smokescreen. It's a distraction, folks. #QAnon #KAG #Trump2020 #WWG1GWA #ImpeachmentHoax #SchiffShow #FactsMatter via  …
US evacuating China due to virus threat.
The first cases of the disease were in early December and they did nothing. Vital to understand that a lot of the “SCIENTISTS MAKING DISCIVERIES AT BREAKNECK PACE” is also “Scientists made this discovery week’s ago but China didn’t let them publish.”
British government now advises against all travel to Wuhan, China due to coronavirus. "If you are in this area and able to leave, you should do so."
Just so we are all on the same page: The Wuhan virus is spreading so excessively because Xi Jinping’s government chose to suppress information about it and avoid taking any action that might cause China to look bad. Every death is a policy product.
Can't imagine a worse situation to be in: The Wuhan coronavirus has hit Xinjiang, where China has imprisoned at least 1 million Uighur Muslims. Its filthy detention camps will make inmates sitting ducks.  … via @thisisinsider
China has imprisoned more than one million Muslims in detention, so Allah Sheds a virus that has not been discovered yet. It has isolated 4 cities with a population of more than 20 million Chinese. "And unaware of what they going to do." indeed he sees everything and all knowing 
China is battling Coronavirus... They're constructing a hospital in 6 days to contain the spread. We're here shooting locust with live bullets. Let's just pray the virus  anywhere near Africa! #coronarovirus 
News flash sweets your hero is going to jail #China 
Hong Kong declared a virus emergency and restricted links to mainland China as over 1,400 people were confirmed infected with coronavirus worldwide, most of them in China  
just landed in China tf is this 
Truth  out ... No matter what .... however long it takes Bio-warfare experts question why Canada was sending lethal viruses to China  … via @nationalpost
The virus is already all over China 
Medical supply stores in central Texas are experiencing a medical mask shortage after a Texas A&M student, having recently traveled to Wuhan, China, may have contracted coronavirus 
China's president Xi Jinping warns killer coronavirus is accelerating  #CoronavirusOutbreak
Eating live baby mice is a 'delicacy' in China, so is eating bats. Ergo, it's no wonder the Coronavirus started in China. It's a medical fact that nearly all human viruses first begin as animal viruses. (Pardon me, but yuck!)  …
. @BrankoMilan heavily using @lisdata! Who would have guessed how closely Brazil and China line up in the global  distribution? Or that the US median still is at 93%?  …
China in 2021 
Source: Dallas Stars a ‘highly considered’ candidate to play games in China next season  …
Wuhan, China, was in the news in July: thousands took to the streets to defend their quality of life. But the disturbances weren't about political freedoms, extradition laws, or judicial transparency. The protests were about…garbage.  …
Rt @XiJinpingReal #XiJinping the horror of #China The world has been begging you for years to close down this vile trade. Time you listen, BAN this sickening practice Horrifying images inside live animal market feared 'ground zero' for Coronavirus  …
UPDATE: #Coronavirus death toll in China rises to 42 people  
Gates Foundation was working with China. The “corona-virus” was manufactured in a lab in China.  …
The CCP actively trying to take this video down. This is a sick gov't that cares more about saving face. They will bring the entire planet down with them. If you want some insight into the "real" China watch this  …
Bill Gates used a simulation in a presentation in 2018 showing an epidemic spreading from China, as he warned the world that a new disease could kill 30 million people in 6 months 
(2/2) 1) China wants to steal everything we’ve got, not just medical technology, & 2) does anyone seriously think a bunch of left-wing universities are going to do much to police China, even if they could?
All we have to go on is China’s less than stellar word. And these words are ominous. A global emergency was called on Toronto for far less.  …
#Wuhan, the hardest-hit city of the novel #coronavirus outbreak in central China, has planned to transform 24 general hospitals for temporary use to cope with the increasing number of patients with fever, said the city's  on Saturday. 
French automaker to evacuate expatriate workers from China | CTV News | Autos  …
NOTE5/ There is *no*—I repeat *no*—aspect of Trump's foreign or domestic policy not in service of this deeply treacherous vision of America's future as a post-democratic autocracy. *Each of his scandals*—Russia, Ukraine, Iran, China, Venezuela, Turkey—is in service of his vision.
At approximately 16:00: “The European Union is a bunch of countries that got together to screw the United States. And, frankly, they are probably worse than China in a sense.” (Trump Speaking)
This Is How China Is Hiding The True Number Of Coronavirus Deaths | Zero Hedge  …
There was a time when we discussed can India overtake China in terms of economy? Today Bangladesh’s GDP is at better pace.
As China’s epidemic continues to spread, things may seem scary. Here are ten simple precautions that can protect you from contracting the coronavirus. 
#Uyghur activist @AbdugheniSabit demands the Chinese government to release information about his family. He hasn’t been able to contact his 5 siblings and children for over 12 years. Where are they? In concentration camps? Are they dead?! #China #Uyghurs 
China and Israel?  
In  party fashion, China is trying to stop the spread of a deadly virus Capitalists would prefer to see the virus spread around the world I guess This is the logic of the regime-change lobbying leaders of the fake "human rights" industry  …
Beavers kept in cages in a Wuhan wildlife market dubbed 'ground-zero' of China’s coronavirus outbreak 
Add Lysol, Hand sanitizer, face mask, dial soap the yellow bar, listerine, peroxide, plastic gloves avoid sneezers etc .. this new deal with China was suppose to be only about money.. Prayers and stay safe everyone.
I also shared some of the indices that lend credence to the recent US-based Newsweek magazine's special cover edition which described Nigeria as the Black China and Africa's first super-power. 
while Democrats have been pursuing their baseless impeachment against President Trump, he has never stopped working for the American people. He announced a historic Phase One Trade Agreement with China, the USMCA is moving forward, & Soleimani is dead  …
@SecPompeo and @realDonaldTrump don’t know that India and China share a border either...  …
It is believed that the origin of the Chinese coronavirus was from a Chinese wet market that sells food in open stalls, along with live animals...no refrigeration or sanitation..these are standard in China..  …
People traveling to these events: Lunar New Year: 450 million Kumbh Mela: 150 million Thanksgiving: 55 million Arbaeen: 25 million Nowruz: 18 million Rio Carnival: 7 million Oktoberfest: 6 million Venice Carnival: 3 million Hajj: 2 million #China #LunarNewYear
We just stopped by our local shelter where we spent time with the sweetest 3yr. old pup named China. If you’re looking for a forever friend check out Pinellas County Animal Services, or your local shelter. 
This is China's first electric supercar  to America 
China says deadly coronavirus accelerating: 1,300+ cases, 56+ million in lock down  … via @amermilnews
Note to US politicians concerned about America’s crumbling infrastructure - China is building an entire hospital in 6 days.  …
Since the case of virus and china mainland came to cyberjaya previously, i saw this banner at Galleria Cyberjaya. Who actually made this? And theres even Malaysia Tourism logo on the banner!! What the heck is happening? 
first of all everyone is white but ok. how can i be racist when im white lmao ? third of all what the hell is china  …
The world should shut travel to and from China down until China gets a handle on this Virus. Get ahead of it. #WuhanCoronovirus
There are videos leaking out of China from exhausted and stressed out nurses saying it's far worse than being reported. They cant handle the load.
The story of Mulan had been told in China for almost 1,500 years before Disney picked it up and made it into a movie.
niggas in china running round tryna find a ray gun 
It's so brave to agree with Mike Pompeo about China 
US vs China. Who dominates global trade. Timeframe (1980-2018).  
SPECIAL Ep 1– War Room: Pandemic, Why the China Coronavirus is So Important  …
Why is Spain’s national media referring to Venezuela’s internationally and EU parliment recognised president Guaido as the leader of the opposition? Is Spain  state like China and Russia that recognises Maduro? WTF is going on?! 
There has been a noticeable lack of candor, along with big doses of happy talk, from public health officials. On the other hand, we are fortunate to have those on the scene who every day risk their lives to get out the facts. #Wuhan #China #WuhanCoronavirus  …
What you need to know about China's virus outbreak 
China's president Xi Jinping warns killer coronavirus is accelerating as doctor dies and US evacuates its citizens from hotspot Wuhan 
1. I want to raise this so people will start to pay attention. The Corona virus in China is serious but @CDCemergency says it's not presently a major threat to the US. China has state controlled media. My best analysis is that the CCP is engaged in starting a panic. Why?
A China Southern flight from #Wuhan just landed at #SanFrancisco airport, while Wuhan airport supposed to be closed. 
Public health emergencies MUST be taken seriously by elected & appointed officials. Find out what your local readiness situation is. Attend a city council meeting and ask a question. The desperation in China is real. This COULD happen here. We are not special.  …
China is building an entire hospital in just 10 days, with 1000 beds & 270,000 square feet. Incredible that this is possible. Hospital dedicated to coronavirus treatment.  
French car maker Peugeot to repatriate staff from China's Wuhan area  
Maybe it takes something so unfortunate tragic people dying like #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak to get the people of China, Korea, etc to re-think about Dog Meat Festival 
Photos leaked showing roads in and out of #Wuhan (even small side roads) being barricaded with piles of dirt/rocks to block all traffic in or out. Scary situation brewing. China isn’t telling the truth. #WuhanCoronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
In China, you decide to build a hospital in Wuhan within 6 days for coronary artery bypass surgery and, despite the rainy season, you are under construction. 
If you were in China would you eat bats ? My answer is GuaNO !
2020 really went from World war 3 to World war quarantine....... China
The  at a time when around three billion travelers were expected to crisscross China over the 15-day period 
@M2Madness @Spaceshot76 @RedPill78 I guess the China epidemic wasn't enough of a false flag.  …
Dave Bachsinky takes his giant bag of tricks to China for a line-packed ledge tour. Manny Santiago joins in on the gap and granite fun. Watch this before booking your summer skate break.  
Guards outside of the train stations in Wuhan China 
Trump: "China didn't  great until the WTO." Trump is explaining how China was going nowhere, then they joined the WTO and bam, like a rocket ship. Trump is just making up random econ stats, and then everyone around the table goes, "Wow," "Incredible," "Woooww," "Amazing."
Rats and live wolf pups on menu at China food market linked to virus outbreak And there is now Coronavirus coz of this! Disgusting!  …
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE DEATHS China 41 CONFIRMED CASES China 1300 US 2 Australia 1 France 3 Nepal 1 Japan 3 Singapore 3 South Korea 2 Taiwan 3 Thailand 5 Vietnam 2 Malaysia 3 (Source: VOA/ AFP)
President Xi saying "China faces a grave situation" is pretty serious. That's about just short of declaring martial law in Chinese terms #ncov2019 #Wuhan
5/ China is running out of equipment to handle the virus. China makes most of our medical equipment.
The Corona virus is extremely worrying. Experts predict several hundred thousand could be infected in a few weeks. It spreads much faster than the Spanish flu. China says it's a "grave situation" - 50 million quarantined WHY HAVEN'T WE STOPPED ALL FLIGHTS FROM CHINA YET???
Trump says South Korea is "one of the toughest trading partners we're dealing with, tougher than China."
I can find Andorra on an unmarked map. To insinuate Mary Louise Kelly couldn't find Ukraine is appalling and sexist. Remember, Trump doesn't know India and China share a border.
China imprisoning Muslims Allah giving them a deadly virus
Could China be as dangerous at leaking as their partners the democrats China has lost their investment in the Biden5 Democrats are losing at impeaching America False Flag Both hate that America is winning winning winning...  …
Then stop torturing defenseless animals to death all in the name of making the meat taste better. There is a reason why so many  from China and it IS there fault when they eat anything that moves from dogs to bats.
"The Chernobyl of Communist China!" Freedomain Interview on the Coronavi...  via @YouTube
Fresh calls for China to ban sale of exotic animals including snakes and bats for food after deadly coronavirus outbreak 
There is a desease in China. The Chinese are hurt and scared. China has never started a war and no Chinese has hurt an American (the opposite is not true). In lieu of condolences and fund raising I see only hatred, satisfaction and irony. Why do Americans hate the Chinese?
Western media outlets can’t even praise China’s rapid response to coronavirus—building a hospital in six days—without inserting a political jab. Props to the BBC/Council on Foreign Relations for shoehorning this in 
Most Americans couldnt locate China on a map.
You're laughing, half of China's being quarantined, the United States is more divided then ever, world tensions are at an all time high, scientists are crying about global warming, half of Australia is gone, and you're laughing ? 
Russia if your listening.. China if your Listening.. this video is from 2018. Before Trump flip flopped MORE.  …
Ok, @WHO the USA is evacuating citizens out of China because of #nCoV2019 ... are you STILL claiming this isn't a #PHEIC public hlth emergency of intl concern? COME ON! If this isn't a PHEIC, nothing is, and the IHR = BS. @DrTedros @sciencecohen @HelenBranswell  …
Security forces in #China's Wuhan, which is under quarantine because of the deadly #coronavirus, try to get presumably sick people into a van by 
As I gather with friends and family for Lunar New Year, we are distraught and frantically trying to find 3M masks (sold out in China) to mail our families in China. I am disgusted by Westerners' lack of empathy in favor for sinophobia against Chinese people during this tragedy. 
#Coronavirus has now killed at least 42 in #China with #travel restrictions in place for 16 Chinese cities! 1300 cases reported as China's government sends in hundreds of doctors to #Wuhan Meantime #lunarnewyear celebrations cancelled & US has 2 confirmed cases. Covered from 
Who is buying the world's AVOCADOS? Ranked by volume of imports in 2018: 1.U.S.A. 2.Netherlands 3.France 4.Spain 5.U.K. 6.Canada 7.Germany 8.Japan 9.China 10.Russia 11.Belgium 12.Hong Kong 13.Chile 14.Denmark 15.Italy (ITC, 2019)
China will suspend all tourism activities, including international tours, starting on Jan 27th. The domestic tourism activities are suspended from Jan 24th. #VirusCorona 
Caused by eating bats my arse! Stop appeasing China! They are the true world enemy not Russia! Officials Once Warned That a Virus Lab in Wuhan – Ground Zero for the Coronavirus – Could Accidentally Release It | Mysterious Universe  …
The State Department has ordered all American employees at the United States Consulate in Wuhan to leave, as a lockdown imposed on central China over the outbreak of the coronavirus expanded. Follow our updates. 
Interesting map of civilian nuclear energy projects in #Africa. This reveals that #Russia has gained a decisive advantage over #China in the struggle for contracts in Africa. 
China and Cuba are not only celebrating Chinese New Year but also 60 years of diplomacy, with food, music and dance. #ChineseNewYear2020  
One handicap we'd have to deal with if we had an outbreak like China in the U.S. is that some people would avoid going to doctor for lack of insurance, making it more difficult to track/care for victims and thus possibly increasing its spread.
So 11 million people are not allowed to leave Wuhan and 40 million from China making it the biggest quarantine in history and we’re supposed to think this  fine? And now it’s in the U.S. please be safe 
It’s not just about racism, people don’t want to get infected. Simple as that. Let China solves and cure their people first. Those people have consumed animals that carry many potential diseases despite being told not too, e.g. are bats, rats, and even koalas its just sickening
The Trump Admin should lock down air travel from China, ban those who’ve traveled there recently, and quarantine people — diplomats included — who are being spirited home on these panicked flights out.  …
{ UPDATE } The South China Morning Post wrote an article about Hongjoong Check it out here:  … #ATEEZ @ATEEZofficial #에이티즈 #홍중 
Now that Pres. Xi has warned the world, with the darned @WHO finally declare a #PHEIC public health emergency? How many more deaths and infections outside of China will it take for the "experts" to grow backbones?  …
“The Wildlife Conservation Society, an advocacy organization based in NY, called for a global ban on  sale of wildlife, especially in markets like those in China, saying that the latest outbreak proved the public health  … via @NYTimes
Corona virus has been confirmed in these countries - Australia - China - France - Hong Kong - Japan - Nepal - Singapore - South Korea - Taiwan - Thailand - United States Tell Buhari to kindly stay in one place DONT RISK OUT LIVES! @Fmohnigeria @FAANNIG @nigimmigration NOA
Everything is under control in China. Nothing to see here. #coronavirus 
I hope they quarantine them once they get them out. The state department is planning to evacuate Americans from Wuhan, China due to coronavirus outbreak.
Taiwan will be sending all 6000+ Chinese tourists back to China by end of Jan to prevent #coronavirus from further spreading to the Taiwanese Carrie Lam, take  …
The heavyweights of Western-style capitalism don't know how to deal with China's brand of authoritarian state capitalism — from  …
Historian Yuval Harari warns that the U.S. and China need to stop AI, surveillance and biometrics from converging into a new arms race before it's too late — from  …
DEEP DIVE — Davos 2020 — While the U.S. gears up for a long-term confrontation with China, executives and world leaders elsewhere see that China is too big and growing too fast to shun it in favor of the U.S. — from @DavidLawler10 and @alisonmsnyder  
“We don’t know how infectious it is, we don’t know how severe it is, and we don’t know how it’s spreading.” China’s coronavirus response is troubled. 
China Barnwell Fun Fact: I’m a superstar in the making Classification: Senior Major: Fashion Merchandising & General Business TOMORROW! Contestant #1 #TheQueenSeries 
Hawley asked the secretaries of the Departments of State, Transportation, Homeland Security, and Health and Human Services about "when and how the Administration might consider restricting travel to the United States from affected regions of China."  …
Mid-season friendly in China needed to cleanse this squad from bums
China's designers are way too skilled.. 
Absolutely disturbing video Graphic content !! A patient suffering of #CoronaVirus in Wuhan, China...Praying for the safety of people. Praying that it won't spread around any more #كورونا 
1. Commodities (DBC), Bond Yields (TNX), China A-shares (ASHR) all pointing to further downside risk for the S&P500... $SPX 
As the number of coronavirus infections continues to grow in China, cases have been confirmed worldwide — including a few in Australia, France and the U.S. Here are the latest updates on the outbreak 
China Customs relaunches health declaration form for crossing China’s border, because of the outbreak and spread of the #coronavirus  
China is closing cities down? Should worldwide travel stop until it’s contained? Are we past that point? Thoughts? #Epidemic #coronarvirus
Immerse yourself in the zen vibes! Enjoy the amazing scenery of Faxi temple in Hangzhou, E China's Zhejiang 
#China: - All interstate transportation services in and out of Beijing will be suspended tomorrow (1st level emergency response) - Private vehicles have been banned from operating in #Wuhan city. #CoronavirusOutbreak
To tackle the virus epidemic which has now killed 41 people and infected over 1,000; China is building a new 1,000 bed hospital simply to treat those infected. Construction will  in 6 DAYS. But in Nigeria, the govt has built NO major hospital in 5years. It is well. 
Can we PLEASE put an immediate travel ban on China?!?!? JESUS CHRIST!!!  …
Transit going in and out of Wuhan, China is being shut down to contain coronavirus  …
Why is a flight from wuhan China about to arrive in San Francisco? 
Russian MFA spokesperson Maria Zakharova sends New Years' greetings to China, in Chinese. She lived in Beijing from age six to sixteen years. Zakharova also speaks very good English. 
Seems like @TeamYouTube is going after anything to do with the China virus. Our China Unscripted podcast has also been demonetized. Have a listen  … 
Coronavirus outbreak in China.  is located in Shanghai. Umbrella. Biotech. C-virus. Coincidence? I think not. #coronavirus 
Cane to know through my niece as she is a cabin crew @MaldivianAero that they are asked to fly China with this dangerous decease #coronarovirus spreading so vast. When they raised this issue they gave a deaf ear. Aren’t you even concerned about putting their lives at risk
Watch the moment of checking the passengers of the plane that came from Guangzhou, China, to King Khalid Airport in Riyadh, in a procedure aimed at preventing the spread of the new Corona virus 
Hi @zarahsultana, did u know socialism does more damage environmentally? N. Korea/China/Venezuela are worse environment offenders than their capitalist neighbours. Innovation & global cooperation works. Not seizing the means of production for  bureaucrats to manage  …
The #ChineseNewYear was celebrated in @BangaloreAshram with a large group from China, Hong Kong, Malaysia & Taiwan. 
I saw Carol Decker holding up an atlas of the world earlier. I said to her 'Is that China in your hand?'....
It's not a scene from the movie "Resident Evil". The video is from a hospital in #Wuhan, #China. #coronovirus 
EXCLUSIVE #Coronavirus Bioweapon – How China stole Coronavirus from Canada and weaponized it.  …
We respond to around 10,000 disease outbreaks and health emergencies every year both at home and abroad. This includes emerging threats such as the outbreak of the novel coronavirus in Wuhan, China. Find out more here: 
In Wuhan, China where the coronavirus started all US citizens are being evacuated by the US State Department on a charter flight. The aircraft will have medical personnel to assist people that may be feeling poorly 
So damn wicked. Forget Zakharova for Foreign Minister after Lavrov retires. Zakharova for President in 2024 after Putin retires! Fwd the #DragonBear #China #Russia #BFF  …
China’s population is big. 1.3 billion big to be exact. Kalau 0.1% yang buat teghuk makan benda pelik-pelik that’s already 1.3 million. It’s unfair to generalize the entire country. The rest of them are probably appalled by the same thing.
U.S closing embassy in Wuhan China, evacuating all diplomats - Fox
Happy Lunar New Year! This is a first. Most people get gifted red envelopes of money.I got a coronavirus mask. And it’s a coveted N95 - so hard to find here in China. Never put one on or thinking of getting one? Click the IGTV link . @cbsnews is here.  
Girls just openly exposing their per china
Also a good day to remind everyone that China hacked into Office of Personnel Management, and got security clearance data on millions of federal employees, some who work in Intelligence and Cryptography. That was during Obama's terms, when the press was asleep.  …
I can already hear the racist moans that this is all China’s fault. Stop. Eating animals, even ones we’ve normalized in the West, leads to disease. Look at swine flu, bird flu, pig MRSA. You know what doesn’t have coronavirus? Tofu.  …
Death toll rises to at least 41 in China as coronavirus spreads. President Xi Jinping says China is facing a ‘grave situation’  
The West's desire to see Chinese people dead is really palpable in how Westerners were donating millions to save fucking koalas in Australia yet are radio silent as Chinese people die (except when they eagerly use this tragedy to call China's herculean efforts authoritarianism).
Niggas in China getting to their next class 
*140,000 people die of measles in 2018 worldwide* The 'western' media: *silence* *Ebola outbreak in West Africa* 'western' media: you're all going to die! *Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak in China* 'western' media: you're all going to die. The media caters to racist antivaxers.
Folks! This is scary! More scary  out of China as #coronoavirus #CoronaOutbreak quickly 
So there’s a virus in China ... that mean I can’t get my bundles ?
Imagine doing this prank in China rn: 
China's lab for studying SARS and Ebola is in Wuhan, the outbreak's center China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan - and US biosafety experts warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' the facility that's  key in fighting the outbreak  …
China are building two more hospitals [ in a matter of days ] to deal with the virus Bc ya know, they have it under control. .
China isn’t being honest about the new Coronavirus. They’re hiding tons of info. One positive of a travel ban until we know what’s going on (aside from keeping Americans safe) is the fact it’ll pressure China to be much more honest with the U.S. about this and future viruses.
Trump foreign policy achievements: Denuclearize North Korea: FAILED Better deal with Iran: FAILED Get China to stop unfair trade policies: FAILED Get respect from other countries: FAILED Mexico pays for the wall: FAILED Peace in the Middle East: FAILED
3: “In the absence of antiviral drugs or vaccines, control relies upon the prompt detection and isolation of symptomatic cases. It is unclear at the current time whether this outbreak can be contained within China”. Source:  …
French doctor: Virus from China seems less serious than SARS - ABC News  …
2: “This implies that control measures need to block well over 60% of transmission to be effective in controlling the outbreak. Whether transmission is continuing at the same rate currently depends on the effectiveness of current control measures implemented in China...
#Neverforget that tens of thousands more people will die of treatable diseases in the U.S. because of lack of healthcare than anyone will die of the #CoronaOutbreak. Don't lecture China from afar before confronting your own crises at home.
ok the fuck? there's a chinese guy in my class and he sent a message in the gc saying that after he came back from china after christmas he started feeling sick and he alerted our university about this and he's like "could be the virus or could be the flu lol" IT'S NOT FUNNY KAI
China’s President Xi Jinping says Coronavirus is ACCELERATING as death toll hits 41 and has infected over 1,300 globally If The people of China want to eat 'Bat, Mice & other living Animals' then its no wonder they have Coronavirus!! SICK!!  …
Music To Be Murdered By: #StreamMTBMB Selected Official Chart Positions #1 Australia #1 Belgium (Ultratop Flanders) #1 Netherlands #1 New Zealand #1 Norway #1 Ireland #1 U.K. #1 China #2 Germany #2 Scotland #2 Sweden #4 Italy 
Big bank CEO: "Socialism inevitably produces stagnation." Fact: socialist China's economy grew 2-3x faster than US for last 25yrs. Capitalism keeps deepening inequality/injustice whose victims are realizing: we can do better than those CEOs' capitalism. 
yiling laozu, the most feared man in ancient china whose name alone strikes terror into the hearts of even the most menacing sect leaders, turns to flustered mush in 0.2 seconds bc "thank you" is too flirtatious
Third-generation spread of #WuhanCoronovirus has been detected in Hubei Province in #China This means that this is the third generation of human-to-human transmission - remains to see if the virus is self-sustaining.
The virus, which broke out in Wuhan last month, has infected more than 1,200 people in 29 provinces and cities and killed 41 people in China, according to the National Health Commission.  …
Heartbreaking scenes from #Wuhan #China 2020: A man infected with the #WuhanCoronovirus tried to escape but security forces returned him into the ambulance van. #CoronavirusOutbreak #nCoV2019 #coronavirus 
The news about this China coronavirus outbreak has people worried. Re-upping my story about secret warehouses of the USG for deployment in a bioterrorism or nuclear attack, or against an infectious disease outbreak. The Strategic National Stockpile. 
Good catch by @Frontalfire on 27th Dec 19. Confirmed by @gauravcsawant today. Such was the magnitude of pounding received by Pak that it not only raised a white flag to India but also called up daddy China for help.  
The first batch of medical workers from Jiangsu Province bring medical resources and instant noodles on a trip to central China's Wuhan to fight the new #coronavirus 
We need to shut down all air travel to and from China. It’s time. Until China gets a handle on this Coronavirus crisis, we can’t risk further travel. Further travel is a public health risk and a national security risk we shouldn’t take. The potential consequences are too risky.
What a revolutionary transformation @narendramodi Sir, Now our generation would be proudly going to say we also have amenities & infrastructure those like of China Russia Japan & USA. 
Happy Birthday to #GraceSlick & Paul Kantner’s daughter, China! “I’d been warned that newborns do not look like the Gerber baby... so I was ready for a remnant of some atomic mishap. But she was a lovely, smooth-skinned... being, content to lie there & be cuddled.” - Grace Slick 
"Save my life, doctor!" Videos show how the coronavirus outbreak in China has overwhelmed hospitals. More than 1,300 cases have been confirmed across the country and at least 41 people have died. Follow the latest here:  
Time for @chedetofficial , Home Ministry, @drwanazizah to start imposing strict entrypoint checks. I know PM advised he wont put a block on  tourists from China but 4 is just a running number and it wont take too much longer for that to  double digits!
it is chinese new Year,hapy birthday china
#coronarovirus Update last 24 hours: - 3rd case of Virus confirmed in France and Japan - Australia confirming 3 more cases bringing their tally to 4 -Malaysia and Singapore confirming 4 cases - Per china: Official number of cases stand 1371 Nationally, 41 deaths #China
Israeli Biological Warfare Expert Connects China’s Wuhan Virus to Covert Biological Warfare Laboratory  …
Beijing News interviewed the designer of XiaoTangShan Hospital, which were built in 7 days in 2003. It took in 1/7 of China’s SARS patients in 2 months. “I never thought that the design paper would be used again.” #WuhanCoronavirus  
Scientist who simulated the global impact of a coronavirus outbreak says ‘the cat’s already out of the bag’ and calls China’s efforts to contain the disease ‘unlikely to be effective’ 
This is a very helpful map tracking China coronavirus (2019nCoV) in real time by the folks at Johns Hopkins, cases and locations. And data can be downloaded. 
BREAKING Malaysia confirms 4th case of #coronavirus. The first 3 cases are from the same family, while this 4th case is independent from that. All four patients are residents of #wuhan #china, and entered Malaysia via Singapore, in Johor Bahru. 
Chinese doctor in the city of Wuhan in tears announcing that there are too many cases of sick people. #China 
Time for Europe and U.S. To Face China's Global Threat—Together | Opinion  …
The China virus aka corona virus has spread as far away from China to Australia, France and the US now has claimed the life of a doctor working in a hospital in China. The coronavirus which causes pneumonia now has claimed around 40 lives and has infected about 1200 people 
Due to the coronavirus in China should there be a travel ban in the U S? Please vote\ retweet #coronoavirus #Tcot #SaturdayThoughts #KAG2020 #Poll #CoronaOutbreak
Donald Trump is busy evacuating Americans from China. Justin Trudeau is taking another “personal day”. 
So unvaccinated children need to be kept out of schools- meanwhile the “deadly coronavirus” that’s affecting millions in China hasn’t provoked a travel ban to & from China .... Tell me again how those in charge of public health care about your health?
can someone save yanan from china I don't care if he doesn't go back to cube he can continue his life in europe as an english man called yanan smith
Hey, coriander babies. We will start birthday project as Song Qian Global Project Group. Our birthday’s hashtag is “#/QueenDay0202”. You should use it on February 02 00:00(China Time). Also we’re waiting your “V sign” photos until January 30. They will be post on our Instagram. 
Russian MP and erstwhile Crimean "Prosecutie" Natalia Poklonskaya believes the coronavirus, spreading from China, could be a biological weapon. In the future, Poklonskaya predicts, someone will invent a vaccine against the new virus & get rich. So there.  …
Wuhan residents say they have ALL been left to catch China's deadly coronavirus as city orders total lockdown  
Happy Lunar New Year reminiscing about my time in China and how incredible it was playing at the Beijing Olympics with @jimmypage wishing everyone much love & joy for  year #lunarnewyear #chinesenewyear #bejing 
ALERT: Great read! There are now reported cases of Coronavirus near MEXICO in CA. Coronavirus Patented to UK Pirbright institute with Gates Foundation as the key donor, but ends up in China? And Gates recently tweeted a plague like virus will hit the world!  …
Nigeria closed a $2.5 billion financing deal with China for the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano pipeline. Now that they have the money secured, they're apparently not wasting any time in getting down to work. Construction could begin as soon as next month. 
China 'CORONAVIRUS' Spread Is Accelerating. Xi Jinping Warns.  …
SARS. Now #Coronavirus. The latest #CoronaOutbreak started in a filthy Chinese fish market. These viruses all have animal origins. China needs to sort itself out on the food hygiene front. Not torturing and eating endangered and unsafe animals would be a good start. 
It's the responsibility of the Canadian ppl to decolonize their land and China is not interfering with that in any way but this whole ass white Canadian is here blaming China for her own sins
Disappointing that every single #Muslim leader is unable to stand up to #China on #Uighur persecution because they mismanaged their economies and are now reliant on #Chinese  …
The china outbreak is way worse than they make it out to be, they’re trying so hard to cover it up like they did with the Uyghur muslims but it HAS TO BE HEARD!!! MORE THAN 100,000 CASES, PEOPLE ARE DYING ON THE STREETS, SPREAD AWARENESS AND BE CAREFUL 
I'm chinese, but I'd go full Thanos on China
Merkley calling a trial without docs or witnesses a rigged trial. “That’s the kind of trial you would expect in Russia or in China but not here in the United States of America.”
Me in China when the government legalise murder if they're infected with the coronavirus 
It’s settled. The West is going condemn China on literally everything no matter what.  …
Maybe it’s that. Or maybe it’s that China’s biological warfare lab is headquartered in Wuhan.  …
My Dad: “You’re not working to China are you?” Me: “Dad, don’t be silly. I only have 29yrs seniority. I need 10-15 more years to fly there.”
Not Cina. But China.
200126 #CLC performance from 2019 K World Festa aired a few hours ago in China on Phoenix TV Credit to the Cheshire that owns the video! I wonder if anyone else was able to catch it!? @CUBECLC  …
My colleagues working in A&E report people already turning up to be tested for #coronarovirus because they have a cough/fever. A&Es are already at breaking point Please remember #NHS advice: Only attend if you  back from China or had contact with someone infected.
See that red? That’s Bangladesh, to the east of India and south of China, 3600 miles from Ukraine. Mary Louise Kelly has a masters in European Studies from Cambridge. She knows where Ukraine is located. Mike Pompeo is blantantly slandering a journalist for questioning him. 
"To claim that somehow China has been the origin of the tradition is, frankly, just silly." - Robert A.F. Thurman  
WE aren't buyin the "But there was a Hurricane..." defense But I'm sure they're printing it on Red Hats & Made In China t-shirts It'll be available to purchase any minute everywhere All profits go to Trump charities...oops Trumps 'campaign'...oh just make the check out to Trump
HK leader declares virus emergency, halts official visits to mainland China  
I feel so sick. Too many vids popping up of Chinese ppl eating live animals also feeding their babies frogs tadpoles. Apparently they refuse to stop the live murder animal markets which are dirtier than public loos Cheers China, now the worlds got #coronarovirus China wont learn
Sanders is explicitly courting white, male, working-class voters, even if they are bigots, like Rogan. I’ve been thinking about China’s Communist revolution and there are lessons for us in America as we choose the best candidate to defeat Trump and lead us as the next President.
China, one of the world's biggest users of plastic, will ban plastic bags and straws by the end of 2020. Cotton buds, and plastic cutlery will be banned within 2 years. #BeAnOceanHero 
*CoronaVirus* Epidemic, Video from China. Very Sad and shocking. The people of #Wuhan are literally dropping all over the city. Like something out of a horror movie.... Please share this msg around your friends and relatives for their 
With genetic code of #Wuhan virus in hand, scientists begin work on a vaccine. In 3 months, they expect to be testing the 1st of a number of potential experimental vaccines against the new #nCoV2019 #nCoV #coronavirus that is spreading in China & beyond.  
This happens in china, Canadian news "it wont get out of the country" spreads to Europe "wont get to north America speeds to USA "wont get to Canada"....I'm not saying panic people...but saying we are prepared for this is like saying "The titanic is indestructible".
The legacy of Belgian imperialism in China and the Corona virus, an  The virus is spreading by train, the main part of this network, the Beijing-Wuhan (Hankow) line was built around 1900 by the Belgo-French Société d’Etude de Chemins de Fer en Chine. 
BOOM - #China declared first level of emergency & starting shutdown the Capital of #Beijing #WuhanCoronavirus #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
We gone act like it may not be a zombie out break in China
(1/2) Canadians travelling abroad for the #LunarNewYear are encouraged to consult the latest Travel Health Notice, which includes information for individuals travelling to and returning from #China.  #2019nCoV #coronavirus
The virus spreading through China is in the same family as SARS and closest to one found in bats, not snakes. 
China plans on building a hospital in 6 days to provide aid for those infected by the coronavirus 
My mentor in #epidemiology, Harry Guess, taught me long ago that I should listen to Michael Osterholm from @CIDRAP during infectious disease outbreaks. Here's what Osterholm says about #2019nCoV #coronoavirus: supply of essential medicines manufactured in China may be at risk.  …
You Muslims & the whatsapp conspiracies you bring on this app need your fingers smacked with a metal ruler. “China’s new virus outbreak is a punishment from Allah SWT for oppressing Ughyurs!!!” You are not Allah SWT’s spokesperson & our Ughyur brothers & sisters may suffer too.
Whether it’s a big conflict and security risk or just unseemly optics it is one more little fibre in the massive cord that ties Huawei and China’s state together.  …
The Philippines is suspending all flights from Wuhan City, considered to be ground zero for the new coronavirus which has so far killed 41 and infected more than 1200 people in mainland China.  …
#China #Pakistan Economic Corridor #CPEC Western Route Under construction Sawan River Bridge package 3 of 285 Km #DIKhan (Yarik) #Islamabad (Hakla) #Motorway M-14.Completion date Decdmber 
It defies logic that Xi would call the #coronoavirus outbreak “grave” and stop all tour travel out of China, if only a few thousand people were ill and a handful had died.  …
#CoronaOutbreak Mfs in china really be eating bats and still confused why the have this disease 
Today is the 14th anniversary of one of my favourite mangas of all time. 14 years of incredible writing and art. Thank you Hara sensei for creating such a beautiful story and here's hoping to a bright future until our journey of conquering China  
"Allah sent this virus to punish China for the Uyghur genocide"  
Schweizer: Bidens Have ‘Lied’ About Hunter’s China Dealings ‘Repeatedly’  via @BreitbartNews
China is building a hospital in 10 days to deal with the Coronavirus epidemic. Meanwhile, in America I-35 is going strong on 10 Years 
Not sure what the @WHO is waiting for. We are above 1400 official cases. This is a PHEIC, we are all China at this moment. Not acting now will not age well.  …
It was 18 years ago that an outbreak similar to the current coronavirus outbreak killed 1 in 10 people who contracted it — but China's response was drastically different. 
Huge public crisis seems to have erupted in Wuhan, China.The lady in the clip says dead bodies were left at hospital aisles untreated whereas doctors are taking care of other patients alongside them. We need to ban travel to & from China until this is over 
"The Wuhan coronavirus has hit Xinjiang, where China has imprisoned at least 1 million Uighur Muslims. Its filthy detention camps will make inmates sitting ducks."  …
In a crisis like this how clearly and reassuringly the  the risks, and what they are doing, is crucial. Thailand is not doing a great job here. Screening every flight from China is a hassle, but surely that’s what Thais want to see?  …
During the Beijing Olympics, a 9 year-old girl who sang a patriotic song at the opening ceremony was revealed to be lip-syncing. The real singer was a 7-year old girl who was kept backstage because officials said she was not good looking enough & would have damaged China’s image. 
2020-01-25: #Ragnarok #Ransomware #Citrix #CVE201919781 Exploitation Cfg: reg_key: Disables Windows Defender/Protection cmd_shadow|boot|recovery|firewall no_name* Unix Setup except_language - Anti-CIS+ China h/t @malwrhunterteam ->  … 
Judging through the facts& achievements of past&until today, we firmly believe that the government &the people of China will confidently defeat this virus very soon, we witnessed it on many occasions in past &for sure we will see it in future also, Firm determination always wins.  …
Trump’s lawyer is now saying Schiff has been trying to tell the Senate what was in Trump’s head. Reminder: Trump stood on the White House lawn and told everyone he wanted Ukraine and China to investigate the Bidens.
BREAKING US to evacuate citizens from Wuhan over coronavirus outbreak as China issues urgent warning China’s president warns virus is ‘accelerating’ and country faces ‘grave situation  …
Update #coronavirus #coronaOutbreak: - 56 million under travel restrictions in China - #Wuhan building 2 mobile hospitals, 1000 & 1300 bed - 4 cases in Australia - Hong Kong shut down all schools next 2 weeks - US evacuating diplomats - China's leader warns virus "accelerating"  …
1. Lesson from China Quite phenomenal! China has just started building a hospital to deal specifically with the coronavirus issue... And in ten days it will be fully functional... The pictures below show hoe they do it: avail resources: machines, people, & money 
#BREAKING China starts to block many roads in the country "to stop the coronavirus". 
Did you know that Harvard Public Health scientists started the SARS epidemic in China 2003 ? I didnt , what a bunch of PROPAGANDA this is . Listen to CCP BS .  …
What is happening right now in China with the #CoronaVirus outbreak it's so FRIGHTENING because apart from the fact that we still can't fully understand this virus and there's no vaccine for it, it's HIGHLY probable that China, as  country, isn't disclosing everything!
The Central Government of China is taking over Wuhan’s administration due to lack of transparency, efficiency and action #coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak
China's leader calls the spread of a new virus a grave situation as cities scramble to stop the spread of the illness that has infected more than 1,200 people and killed 41. Wuhan is banning most vehicles from downtown and Hong Kong is closing schools. (AP)
The WHO has not yet declared a global health emergency over the new coronavirus: Almost all confirmed cases are in China Most deaths have occurred in Wuhan or Hubei province Most cases worldwide confirmed as being linked to travel to Wuhan/China 
Ppl need to educate themselves on this because it’s reached a 2nd + 3rd mutation which means now one infected person can infect like 14 people and there’s thousands of unofficially reported cases in China alone. Videos from Chinese doctors saying it’s worse than they thought
Everything is under control in China. #coronavirus 
VIDEO: Victim of #coronavirus shakes uncontrollably, left seeking attention in the corridor of a hospital in #Wuhan.  #wuhanvirus #PRC #ChineseNewYear #LunarNewYear #China
China's president Xi Jinping warns killer coronavirus is accelerating  #CoronavirusOutbreak
Hong Kong leader declares virus emergency, halts official visits to mainland China  
There is zero chance she pointed to a country that sits between China and India. It would have been more believable if his lie had suggested she pointed to Poland or Belarus. They suck at lying.
China is building a coronavirus hospital. Completion expected in 6 days. Well, I guess socialism does work after all.  …
Notice also how similar are  distributions and global  positions of China and Brazil--except at the top where Brazilians in the top national quintile are richer than the equivalent Chinese. 
UPDATE: China's number of confirmed #coronavirus cases rises to 1,372, says state broadcaster  
“The United States has a contract with a transporter to evacuate diplomats from the US consulate in Wuhan, China. The consulate is closed and all US diplomats are under ordered departure, the official said.”  …
Coronavirus spread accelerating in China, says Xi Jinping  …
China's Wuhan to build second designated hospital to treat coronavirus patients: state media  
Wishing all of our amazing fans in China a Happy Chinese New Year! We can’t wait to see you again after many incredible visits in 2019. 
hi @iamcardib I'm from China and we all love you here! Please make your tour begin from my country! 荡妇
With 2 confirmed cases in the U.S. and at least 35 million people quarantined in China, here’s what you need to know about the deadly coronavirus outbreak 
Say all you want about China, but holy crap, they're building a 1,000 bed hospital in two weeks. In the US we couldn't finish debating who would do the work in two weeks, let alone break ground.  …
China's leader calls the spread of a new virus a grave situation as cities scramble to stop the spread of the illness that has infected more than 1,200 people and killed 41. Wuhan is banning most vehicles from downtown and Hong Kong is closing schools. 
Of course all flights to and from China should be grounded, but that hasn’t happened because – unlike imaginary weather 100 years from now – you can’t tax that.
Look at the conditions of medical staffs at China now..... Hope they stay strong. They are risking their lives to safe people.  …
China has confirmed 1,372 people have been infected with coronavirus and 41 people have died 
Corona virus in China, MOCA on fire. All around this new year. Sending lots of love to the Chinese diaspora.
Beautiful places in China 
im so sorry but can the virus get into his body first before any malaysian kena virus tu? every other country also sekat pelancong from china, why malaysia cant do the same thing?  …
All interstate transportation services in and out of #Beijing will be suspended starting tomorrow as #China declares a 1st level emergency response.
China cranks up protective equipment supplies to fight new coronavirus  
On the heels of this Lunar New Year, China is fighting against the coronavirus outbreak and, here in New York, a devastating fire has destroyed thousands of artifacts from one of my favorite museums @mocanyc. Please help if you can or spread the word. Thank you  …
Hong Kong leader declares virus emergency, halts official visits to mainland China | Article [AMP] | Reuters  …
Iranian FM:In the fight against the new coronavirus epidemic, the Chinese govt. responded in a timely&decisive manner, and people from all over the country are united in their hearts, so that people are confident that China will win the war of epidemic prevention and control.  …
NYU and Duke delay classes in China until February in reaction to the coronavirus outbreak 
I wish they would start an offensive drive..how did Hunter get that lucrative position. What did the Bidens sell? What was going on w/China &Hunter? Where did all the foreign aid go? I would play clips of @ChanelRion investigative piece on Ukraine. They need to squirm for a bit.
some roads to Beijing are blocked as well. how many cities will b under quarantine eventually in China？ and has it already too late？ lack of transparency of gov，people are panic in China. #WuhanPneumonia #WuhanCoronovirus 
China has quarantined cities and shut major tourist attractions as it scrambles to stop a deadly SARS-like virus from spreading further 
China's Xi warns #coronavirus is 'accelerating', country facing 'grave situation' 
For those that think that #China is "overreacting," please read this thread. The #CoronavirusOutbreak is EXTREMELY serious.  …
i'm scared i wonder why chinese ppl frm china yg warded kt msia escape frm hspital is it bcause of this  …
We cannot fully fathom the catastrophic disease risk of concentrated full-animal production— the fountainhead for pox viruses, avian flu, mad cow, and swine fever. In the largest market, China, 55% of pigs died last year. And now the #coronavirus Nature abhors an 
China is the world’s hope for socialism, therefore i  make shit up about it
We in January and Messis legs are already gone. Shame about that disease we could’ve shipped him to China
China will build a special medical facility in 2 weeks. Yet Africans will take 100 years to do the same thing but then blame 'racism' and the 'west' for their failure.  …
I don’t know what Bangladesh has to do with this temper tantrum—but it’s a country of 160m people, 6% economic growth for the past couple decades, serious human development progress, and a garment industry second only to China in exports. More people should be tracking Bdesh.  …
New leak from what's happening in China #coronavirus #Wuhan  
China coronavirus: number infected hits 1,400 worldwide – live updates  …
China banned travel across most of Hubei province, impacting 59M people. Wuhan, the epicenter of the virus, is under total lockdown. Officials say no one can leave: 450 military medics deployed U.S. ordered all consulate workers to evacuate 
check point and road blocks in China Fear of #WuhanCoronovirus spreads way beyond 
China's String of Pearls is for choking India. Gwadar in Baluchistan and Hambantota in SL haven't changed much. But Kyuakphyu in Myanmar picking up rapidly. See closely the Rakhine state's location there. Is it a coincidence that lakhs of Rohingyas left Rakhine around same time? 
Remember, Pompeo's boss doesn't know China and India share a 2,000-mile border.
The outbreak began in Wuhan in central China and has spread to the rest of the country and overseas as people travel for the holiday. 
Summer Olympics total gold medals. US: 1022 Russia/USSR: 544 Germany: 400 UK: 263 China: 224 France: 212 Italy: 206 Hungary: 175 Australia: 147 Sweden: 145 Japan: 142 Finland: 101 South Korea: 90 Romania: 89 Netherlands: 85 Cuba: 77 Poland: 66 Canada: 63 Norway: 56
Avoiding anything from China 
US President:"China has been working very hard to contain the Coronavirus. The United States greatly appreciates their efforts and transparency. It will all work out well. In particular, on behalf of the American People, I want to thank President Xi!"  …
We have the most useless Gov’t...the Ugandan Embassy in Beijing hasn’t even reached out to Ugandans in Wuhan to check on them or even just convey a message of support. Other countries’ consulates are evacuating or counting all their citizens in China but Uganda NOTHING !!!
If you are amazed how quickly China can build a new hospital, ask how fast do they build concentration camps where they torture people.
The Country to watch now is France, 3 confirmed cases of Coronavirus. Will that number increase over the next few days, will the 3 survive? We can’t believe what officials are saying in China. But now it’s in Europe we are about to find out just how bad Coronavirus actually is.
A new coronavirus spreading rapidly in China has now killed at least 41 people. 1,400+ confirmed cases worldwide Australia and Malaysia reported their first cases Virus now detected in 11 other countries + Hong Kong 18 cities in China under transport lockdown 
Tun M when Malaysian asked him to ban China Tourists  to Malaysia for a while 
Isn't it strange that a new deadly virus of unknown origin spreads from a Chinese city known to be one of the most active center for virology in China?  … #CoronaOutbreak #Wuhan And does anyone remember this incident?  
China Newsweek: it took 4 months for SARS cases to reach 1,000 but only 25 days for Wuhan virus. 
The #Wuhan #coronavirus has hit #Xinjiang, where #China has imprisoned at millions of #Uyghur Muslims. Its filthy detention camps will make inmates sitting ducks. #Uyghurs #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
Owing to the outbreak of novel coronavirus in Wuhan,China. ARTISTKIM has donated 12600 pieces of disposable medical caps and 12600RMB on behalf of Kim Jaejoong’s fans on Jan,26th,2020. PLEASE PRAY FOR WUHAN！ @bornfreeonekiss 
France plans evacuation of French nationals from Wuhan, China - SCMP  
Coronavirus: 50m people in China under new year lockdown  …
#coronavirus Update: My Worldwide Case Count All locations Just updated: 2 new cases in #Thailand & more in #China #WuhanPneumonia #CoronavirusOutbreak #2019nCoV 
UPDATE: Number of confirmed coronavirus cases in China rises to 1,372, death toll remains at 41: State broadcaster  
China's President Xi holds politburo meeting on curbing virus outbreak  
The Taiwanese slogan 'It's your country, it's up to you to save it' is taking on new connotations w/the coronavirus outbreak. Tweet says 'Taiwan can only depend on itself; maybe our capabilities will exceed that of WHO member countries & at least we won't be lied to [by China]'  …
China says it has a total of 1,372 cases of the coronavirus nationally with 41 people having died, as of 6 p.m. local time
"It doesn't feel like the New Year!" Fears over the deadly #coronavirus mount in China, as authorities close tourist attractions and cancel events to prevent further contagion from a disease that has killed dozens and infected more than 1,000  
Bangladesh just fired up this beautiful 1,320 MW coal plant. "More coal power plants are on the way." Because of stupid western climate bedwetters, they are being financed/built by Communist China.  …
U.S. to evacuate its citizens from Wuhan, China - WSJ  
 out of China seems to get bleaker by the day .  …
China is going to build a huge hospital in *a week and a half*? /faints  …
Dear friends, here are some key facts about #Coronavirus. This was recently reported in some countries like China, which put us as Uganda on a high alert. Screening for the same is actively on at @EntebbeAirport. Please share for everyone to know #Ourhealth 
Re #coronavirus, if China says things are under control, they aren't. China lies as consistently as US media does, which is to be expected since both are leftist control freaks re info.
16/ President of China just declared heightened emergency, warning of “ACCELERATING SPREAD”. I’m not being falsely alarmist about all this folks. I predict @WHO will announce formal emergency  
. @China's "Coronavirus" will officially impact US soil on January 26th. 
In the 15 hours since I posted this thread, #China announced they are building a 2nd mobile hospital (1,300 beds) in #Wuhan, epicenter of the #CoronavirusOutbreak. The 2nd hospital is in addition to a 1,000-bed hospital already underway (done in 10 days!). NOT good,  …
This is so absurd for those HRW nuts. Just ask the public health experts in the US. In fact the Obama White House chief medical officer was in the briefing at Davos in case you missed it. Don’t be so desperate defaming China if your purpose is to raise a few dollars.
WHO and China are working to contain the coronavirus. Meanwhile, some in Malaysia are playing politics and accusing our health experts as  Medical practitioners above politics, please. Kamu BN atau PH, tak satu doktor akan tanya. Tunjuk pandai. Jgn tunjuk bodoh.
During H1N1 outbreak in Mexico, China quarantined Mexicans in China, Mexico sent a plane to repatriate them, China wouldn’t give the plane landing rights until we threatened with not giving landing rights to Chinese plane repatriating Chinese in Mexico.  …
PLEASE RT this polar bear needs rescuing from Nanging Underwater World in...yes you’ve guessed right - China. Possibly the worst I’ve seen for this majestic creature. @AnimalsAsia @willtravers @PeterEgan6 @AnimalsAsiaUK @PETAAsia @philip_ciwf @rickygervais @RobRobbEdwards #China 
Oppression does not have a nationality. Just as we condemn human rights abuses in places like Iran, Syria, and Russia, we must condemn them in Saudi Arabia, China, Egypt, Brazil, Honduras and anywhere we see them.
I know mainstream media *can* be skeptical of governments. Every time I hear segments on the coronavirus, they always include something like “but can we trust what China officials are saying?” “They have incentive to lie” Like damn bring that energy to covering Trump & cops plz
Xi Jinping mobilizes for a "blocking war" against the epidemic, tour groups suspended...The story of China's coronavirus epidemic is moving fast into full-blown crisis, and you can read about it at our live briefing.  
China coronavirus: UK  back negative 
Happy #ChineseNewYear ! Recently, large house churches have been forced to close, but church members have begun meeting in small groups just as they did during the initial underground church movement. Pray for believers in China to hold fast to their faith through trial. 
China suspends all tours abroad. Wow!  … via @NYTimes
Just to put things into perspective: Recent outbreak of coronavirus in China has had meaningful impact on bonds as safe-haven flows drove yields lower. Declines are similar to past such episodes (SARS, H1N1, H7N9), which proved to be short-lived; over about 3-4weeks, Goldman says 
Niggas in China tryna get to work: 
-Buys face mask on shopee after hearing about the coronavirus -Face mask shipped from China 
President Xi Jinping says #China confronting a grave situation amid an "accelerating spread" of #coronavirus #2019nCoV.
This is how niggas in China have to go to work now 
Doing what only @Dan_Norton4 can Watch England men play Japan at 22:51 GMT on @SkySports Action England women play China at 21:13 GMT  …
Breaking News: China ordered the suspension of tours abroad after 15 new coronavirus deaths in Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak. President Xi Jinping warned of an “accelerating” crisis. Follow live updates: 
How #China Overtook The #US As The World's Major Trading  …
The #coronarovirus in China has been terribly mishandled, miscalculated, & under reported. Infections are much worse than being reported & deaths are expected to increase dramatically. This isn’t going away anytime soon. The question is: Was this virus weaponized & unleashed? 
ppl in china be like “briyani da” 
MORE SCARY  out of China as CoronaVirus quickly spreads. It has spread to at least 7 nation's thus far with no vaccine or cure this could turn into an epidemic! 
Latest on #CoronavirusOutbreak as of 10:00 p.m. Jan. 25 BJT (1300GMT) - Over 1,370 cases in China - 41 deaths - 38 cured - 28 cases confirmed in 10 countries - 30 municipalities, provinces launch highest emergency response level Live updates:  
#UPDATE President Xi Jinping warns China is facing a "grave" situation as authorities take urgent action to halt the spread of a deadly #coronavirus that has killed 41 people and is overwhelming hospitals in Wuhan  
Unbelievable images. For once, I hope it IS a fake video.Eerily reminiscent of the ‘95 movie ‘Outbreak’ starring Dustin Hoffman about a deadly pandemic. A case of ‘life imitating Art?’ We need to treat this as an emergency ourselves since it’ll spill way beyond China’s borders  …
Spread of #WuhanCoronavirus is “accelerating”, #China President Xi warns. Calls public health situation is “grave”. Xi convened an emergency meeting on first day of #LunarNewYear.
Should we ban flights from China?
#Israeli citizen collapsed following a return from #China - he has since been admitted to Shiba Hospital and is my suspected of having Coronavirus ( @ignis_fatum)
If Beijing has enlarged the quarantine area to the entire province, the coronavirus has spread far faster then projected. This extraordinary measure suggests #China is now desperate to gain control of the situation.  …
Happy #LunarNewYear. It may be the #Yearoftherat, but this Dragon dress by Laurence Xu has us in awe. The dress is an eye-catching example of the luxury fashion popular in contemporary China. 
People are Scared that China is lying about the severity of the Coronavirus. China does not have a good record of being honest. Rt if you agree. Please follow 
More importantly, the epicenter of this outbreak is just 20km apart from the the virology Centre. I am really worried that people took tested animals as food for sale in that market... and honestly China CCTV mentioned that they discovered a new corona virus back in Apr 2018... 
Carrie Lam: Hong Kong is now on maximum threat level against the Wuhan scourge. All transport to and from Wuhan stopped. Duterte: The Philippines will repatriate all visitors frm China arriving just before Wuhan outbreak Dr.Mahathir: Business as usual. Just wear masks.
Idk if yall sengaja butakan diri ke mmg lembab ke but there's OBVIOUSLY a bigger reason why malaysia tak boleh go against China in many things  …
One #Israeli has been hospitalized under suspicion of having caught the deadly #coronavirus while in #China.  …
This is how mfs in China have to go to work now 
CORONAVIRUS: China’s Leader Xi Jinping warns of ‘GRAVE SITUATION as disease spreads at “accelerating spread”: Honk Kong closes schools. Video emerges of bodies piling up at hospital (watch) #Coronavirus  
WINTER WONDERLAND: The frozen surface of Gongliu County's Butterfly Lake displayed intricate cracks resembling branches in China.  
Happy Lunar New Year! In China, it's the Year of the Rat. It's also the year China plans to launch a Mars orbiter/lander/rover mission and a lunar sample return mission. 
For anyone who says "Why don't you just move to China?" 
Researchers predict that by Feb. 4 (10 days), #coronoavirus infections in Wuhan alone will surge to 132,000 to 273,000 people. Currently in China: >1,300 infected, 41 deaths Overseas: 38 confirmed cases  …
The United States government has made clear through my @AsiaReassurance Initiative Act that we will stand for a free and open Indo-Pacific where democracy and human rights are respected. I’m calling on the rest of the world to join us and open their eyes to the #China threat.
Weird wording but even more because  from China and the US will use this as an opportunity to push anti Chinese propaganda.  …
Prayers for all the innocent Footage Shows Hospital In China Flooded With Hundreds Of Patients Amid Deadly Coronavirus Outbreak  …
26 of China's provincial-level jurisdictions, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangdong, Zhejiang, Hubei, have enacted the country's #highest level of public health emergency response as the #nCoV2019 
How China's increasing global power could be influencing WHO virus response  …
With a new virus in China, I’m sure we can count on the U.S. president to show leadership during the  …
China's Wuhan is under attack by #CoronaVirus. Pakistan stands by our Chinese brethren in these testing times as always. This shall pass too. We R ready to help @Cathaypacific @zlj517
Finally got around to reconstruct the recently described Wulong bohaiensis, a Microraptorian Dromaeosaurid from Early Cretaceous China. Here I reconstructed a speculative adult, the holotype (and only specimen) of this taxon is a juvenile/subadult #paleoart #sciart 
Yes, China is the only credible and real threat to the chicken neck. But just amazed how a ‘shady’ political activist can make such a self defeating statement on disconnecting India’s most vulnerable geographical area (even if temporarily) with help of others. Foot in the mouth.
URGENT: #Israel - #coronavirus: first suspected case in Israel. A person has fainted with flu like symptoms - has history of recently visiting China. #Wuhan #WuhanCoronovirus #ChinaVirus
Novel #coronavirus outbreak in #China: Travel advisory to travelers visiting China. 24*7 Call Centre/Helpline number is active for any query on #nCoV. @PMOIndia @drharshvardhan @AshwiniKChoubey @PIB_India @NITIAayog @MoCA_GoI @MEAIndia 
Chinese President Xi held a politburo meeting on fighting the #coronavirus outbreak, saying China is facing a grave situation and the coronavirus is accelerating its spread, according to state broadcaster.
Looks like China is being very up front about what's going on. I generally don't trust the Chinese leadership on a great many subjects, but in this case, they appear to be transparent about the current situation & are sharing information cc @DrDenaGrayson  …
The latest on the coronavirus outbreak: —41 people have died in China —President Xi Jinping called it "grave situation" —The U.S. ordered the evacuation of American employees from its consulate in Wuhan, the outbreak's epicenter Follow live updates: 
Employees at a mask factory in Zhijiang, central China's Hubei Province give up their holidays to ensure mask supplies amid the novel #coronavirus 
Currently watching a Chinese drama and The great Jackson Wang was mentioned, the inner fan girl in me screamed "that's our king!" He is so appreciated especially in China and I can't be more than proud #JacksonWang @JacksonWang852 #GOT7 
Happy Lunar New Year to those here in the United States, China, and throughout the world! It’s the year of the ! Thanks to a very special @TMobile employee, I was given two red envelopes to give to my two girls with $2 bills each. A big thank you, Phuong!
#Coronavirus live update: #China’s leader warns of ‘ACCELERATING SPREAD’ of VIRUS 48 million people were ordered on lockdown in central China with a travel ban covering 15 cities in the central #Hubei province Schools now closed in #HongKong  …
China coronavirus outbreak: Hong Kong declares emergency and closes schools  
At least 48M people in 15 Chinese cities are effectively quarantined in China's struggle to stop spread of 2019-nCoV. The mind reels.  …
Trump should shutdown travel to China #CoronaOutbreak
BREAKING: at a special government meeting on the Lunar New Year holiday, Chinese President Xi warns that the spread of the deadly new #coronavirus is "accelerating,” and #China is facing a "grave situation.” @thespybrief  …
#China has quarantined 35 million people in an effort to contain the deadly #coronavirus. Will that  …
BREAKING - UK government confirms 31 people have now been tested for novel coronavirus in UK, all tests were negative. - Figure is up from 14 tests. - No confirmed cases in UK or of UK citizens abroad. #coronavirusuk #coronavirus #Wuhan #China 
The only corona I'm worried about is a cold one with the boys. Also my flight to China departs in 2 hours.
China's president Xi Jinping warns killer coronavirus is accelerating 
This is one reason why #China has 50+ million people living in LOCKED-DOWN cities. That’s ~3.5% of their entire population! If the US had 11.5 million people (3.5% of our population) under lockdown...that would be MORE than the populations of NYC and Chicago.  …
#BREAKING Israeli citizen collapsed and was hospitalized with high fever in Tel HaShomer - Shiba hospital after returning from a trip in #China , Israeli MOH says that he’s being checked for the #WuhanCoronavirus as he developed fever only after arriving back to #Israel
Americans: OMG CHINA IS PUTTING PEOPLE IN QUARANTINE THE TYRANNY COMMUNISM AHHHHH Me: *looks at the millions in prison and jails and detention centers by the US - checks notes - across the planet* 
The Wuhan coronavirus has hit #EastTurkestan, where #China has imprisoned at least millions of #Uyghur #Muslims. Its filthy detention camps will make inmates sitting ducks. The development is  …
A study in The Lancet indicated that some people could be spreading the coronavirus despite having no signs of disease. Here’s the latest on the outbreak in China. 
Hard to trade magic internet beans when the country that controls 80%+ of the hash rate has 40 million people isolated in quarantine for a deadly disease with no cure. Hope all my followers in China are staying safe, and same for all my friends around the world.
Everyone who I’ve spoken with who is based in China but has left China for the holiday is saying that they are planning on staying out of the country indefinitely. And it’ spring festival. A lot of China-based folks are out of the country right now.
Chinese scholar Xu Zhangrun has severely criticised the party nobility for their privileged access to health care. China needs to democratise. Without free & fair elections the Chinese government will have no real incentive to invest more in public health & public education /1 
Memo to the World Health Organization: No more happy talk about #China. #WuhanCoronavirus  …
#coronavirus New #China wide travel restrictions But the rest of the world receives plane loads of #Chinese tourists. Oh yes, they check the temperature of arriving passengers, but with an incubation period of 14 days, that will only detect those already having  …
Really premature and inflammatory to be calling respected researchers a "spy team". There was no indications in the article that pathogens were sent to China. If you have more information share it. If not, wait for validation of your guesses. Pretty irresponsible.
Note that #China is not even on the list. They don't need to shut down internet for even a day in any village or town, because they have 24x7x100 surveylance in #Tibet #Xinjiang & othr sensitive areas & virtually impregnable firewall btwn Chinese & World internet. Lesson  …
It’s not an exaggeration to say that 2020 and the next few years will determine the fate not only of the United States and China, but also of the world, writes @georgesoros #Davos @wef #wef20 | #PSonPoint is a premium 
real thick per china, smuggle bricks to china
If it turns out they stole the virus, shipped it to China, then failed to control it, that would be poetic justice, Confucian style.
We need @SMTOWNGLOBAL @NCTsmtown @NCTsmtown_DREAM @WayV_official to delay or cancel nct dream and wayv schedule in china due the risk of infection by the coronavirus #웨이션브이_당장_입국시켜 
Any bitch from China better keep away. Any bitch who coughs or sneezes better keep away! Or I will be calling the police for attempted murder 
The decision applies to travel agencies and online platforms like Trip $TCOM. Lack of clarity about refunds, etc. Says “tourists and agencies can negotiate a solution according to their contracts.” Those who have already departed are allowed to finish their trips. #China
Last 24h have seen a surge in confirmed #nCoV2019 cases abroad, inc. in Australia, Malaysia & Nepal. Many countries issued or increased travel advisories for China, in contrast to @WHO, which as of Friday only suggested "usual precautions.” #coronavirus  
What are the odds of Ivanka getting all those trademarks from China w/o her daddy being who he is? How about his son in law getting bailed out of 666 mega debt w/o djt being in the position he is? Barr's son in law in the WH council's office, his daughter in treasury, etc.
How about we just level China and turn it into a nature preserve? Kidding, not kidding.  …
Stephen McDonell is no blow-in foreign correspondent. He knows China. I followed his authoritative Beijing correspondent reports for Australia's @abcnews down the years before he joined the BBC. Whatever he reports out of Hubei province will be incisive. Yes, stay safe Stephen.
i encountered with 3 tourist from china last thursday when  our clinic and i was running looking for a mask‍from that day,i always wear a mask while working..precaution first!..God, i need to be healthy, my parent need me, my friends need me.. @BTS_twt need me too
URGENT: #CHINA- Xi Jinping, Chinese President: • Says that situation is VERY serious • China as a whole now on travel ban • China is facing a dangerous situation • Virus spreading rapidly
China's Wuhan city, the centre of the outbreak of the new coronavirus, will build a second dedicated hospital to treat patients 
I nominate All #SEVENTEEN boys!!! Vocal Unit Performance Unit Hiphop Unit BSS Unit Leader Line Unit Maknae Line Unit China Line Unit 95Line, 96Line, 97Line, 98Line and Kpop Future Horanghae, Hamster and Tiger Unit #SEVENTEENTalaChallenge in synchronization version!!  …
I pray coronavirus ravaging china doesn’t spread to Nigeria. I hope our health and disease centers are putting preventive measures in place. May Stella Adadevoh continue to Rest In Peace for the efforts she played in saving lives from Ebola.
“Just like getting in&out of the country. Just scanned my passport&picked up luggage. I saw the check spot but it didn’t check everyone,” said arrival passenger while Thailand has the highest number of infected #coronavirus outside of China. 
Says the man with more than one wife.. If the one child policy in china only targeted the poor. They wont have been able to control their population. If polygamy is a major cause of poverty then the rich and the poor must stay away from it.. Drops mic  …
Starting Saturday, all travel agencies and online  in China will temporarily suspend tour group business and sell "air tickets + hotel" products. 
72 railway stations in central China's Hubei have closed out-bound railway by Jan 25th, in an effort to curb the spread of a novel 
Hipster crap like this is literally a danger to civilization Of course it would be them “10 Bizarre Foods to Eat in China | Very Hungry Nomads”  …
The new virus from China has the world on edge because it’s a close cousin to viruses that killed hundreds. While it’s too early to tell if this latest threat will prove as deadly, one key to stopping the virus will be learning about milder cases. 
“We don’t know how infectious it is, we don’t know how severe it is, and we don’t know how it’s spreading.” China’s coronavirus response is troubled. 
infected patient from china , tried to escape from hospital in HK and attack medical staff, threaten to spread his own virus to them 
China Update: Some Predictions Indicate Wuhan Coronavirus Could Turn Into Major Pandemic @JoeHoft  … via @gatewaypundit
“Allegations regarding China’s forced organ harvesting have been substantiated by a number of human rights groups, including a UK panel of lawyers whose report concluded that ‘China continues to kill prisoners for organ transplants’”  …
hyebin not letting ahin into the dorm after she came back from china 
Meanwhile, China has announced an inter-province travel from Sunday and instigated a lockdown in 18 cities.  …
In 2017, China built a laboratory to study the Corona and Ebola virus in Wuhan, and US biosafety experts warned that the virus might "leak" from the facility, which is what actually happened. 
Globally air travel has increased by 2.6 X since SARS emerged, but the bigger travel story is that in that same time air travel in China increased by 7.3 X . #2019nCoV regardless of the Ro it's no wonder this appears to be spreading so much quicker.  
#Virus-WAR When I told my #British family abt this conoravirus back in early December when it was a "CENSORED RUMOUR" inside #Wuhan #China, while #HongKongProtest was at its peak. My Brit fam's 1st impression was : Is this to #WuhanConoravirus made to wipe out #HongKongers?
U.S. to evacuate its citizens from Wuhan, China - WSJ  … via @Yahoo
China Update: Some Predictions Indicate Wuhan Coronavirus Could Turn Into Major Pandemic  … via @gatewaypundit
Unconfirmed reports  out of China that tens of thousands are dead in Wuhan. 
HK leader declares virus emergency, halts official visits to mainland China  
Nigeria closed a $2.5 billion financing deal with China for the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano pipeline. Now that they have the money secured, they're apparently not wasting any time in getting down to work. Construction could begin as soon as next month.  …
Close all flights arriving from China temporarily to prevent the Corona virus. @official_pcaa
Chinese President Xi warms the Coronavirus is accelerating and that China is facing a grave situation #China #Coronavirus  …
Latest about #WuhanCoronavirus - Many provinces across #China have put together medical missions and deployed them to #Wuhan to help cope with the ongoing epidemic. Additionally, #Hubei provincial government has accepted monetary donation as well as donated medical 
#China bans all group tours and anyone who booked flight/hotel packages from leaving on their trips as of Mon, Jan 27. This applies to travel within China or for overseas, officials say. Ban follows separate order to travel agencies to stop selling new tours/packages from Jan 24.
With my colleagues incl Ag Cmte Chairman Roberts at the WH last wk celebrating phase one of China trade agreement. Official White House Photo by D. Myles Cullen  …
China Tourism Association on travel limitations: - all outbound tourist groups to be halted as of Jan. 27 - overseas flight and hotel booking through travel agencies to be suspended as of Jan. 27 - domestic flight and hotel booking through travel agencies suspended as of Jan. 24 
This is total bullshit. As usual,  sense checks out when  to China. If you’ve got the money and ability to build a hospital in a week, why not have used that money before hand for prevention? Basically, they don’t know what to do, so pouring more concrete.  …
Coronavirus: Xi Jinping warns of 'grave situation' as spread accelerates through China – live  …
DNA starts to unravel at 106 if I remember correctly. This is not good at all. I pray for China and the world right now.
#BREAKING On and off line travel agencies across China halt sales of "flight tickets plus hotel" packages IMMEDIATELY. Groups travelling overseas before Jan 27 can still go ahead if safety is guaranteed. No more overseas tours after Jan 27.  …
i live in China. Friends with a few hospital workers, 1 of them said to not trust the government.. she thinks at least 100,000 are infected. WuHan and surrounding provinces are locked down.
Schweizer: Bidens Have ‘Lied’ About Hunter’s China Dealings ‘Repeatedly’  …
Bird flu, SARS & now #coronarvirus - why do these things start in #China 
The opposition lawmakers in #HongKong call for the immediate shutting down all border crossings with mainland China to stop #Wuhan virus  …
Because of China's perverse political system & associated structures of nepotism & (lack of) accountability, it's impossible to imagine how the on-the-ground reality of the #CoronaOutbreak isn't dramatically worse than officials disclose. Lying is pervasive at every level.  …
Perhaps the real reason for the virus China was on the brink of revolution There was no end to the Hong Kong protestors & it was starting to spread mainland & police could not use force because the World was watching Now cities are locked down Traveling heavily controlled  …
China expands coronavirus outbreak lockdown to 56 million people  …
A tribute to medical workers in Wuhan who are working 24/7 to take care of huge inflow of infected people. This is not to forget that it’s time for new year which is the biggest annual holiday in China. These people r real heroes. #WuhanCoronovirus #WuhanPneumonia 
I have this uneasy feeling that China is hiding the actual number of fatalities from their coronovirus. Also ... can we eliminate the possibility that this was a virus-weapon test gone bad?
As of 19:30 of 25/1, there are confirmed cases of #WuhanCoronavirus in 190 different cities in #China. From the Russian border to the south coast of Hainan, its everywhere. It's not time to visit relatives. Stay out of it. 
The virus from China is spreading all over the world and that not a good thing! How long before the Dems blame Trump for it! I am sure it’s Trump and Russian collusion that was created to get us all.
Tim Cook says Apple will donate to groups helping people affected by coronavirus in China  … by 
Letting people in to a high-risk zone that is under quarantine is already questionable. But letting foreign journos in to ground zero is not at all what one would normally expect in China. A puzzling, albeit  turn of events. Stay safe, mate.
10  Pakistan & India 2010: Pakistan: terror struck nation India: will outpace China, shining 2020: India: intolerant, exclusive Pakistan: inclusive, consolidating 
This Chinese Virus is getting a bit serious out there now. There has been half a dozen positive results in France. Nothing here at the moment but about 20 people tested. We should stop all flights from China landing in this Country now until this is under  sense.
Coronavirus: China to build two Wuhan hospitals in under three weeks  …
What’s the big difference between the coronavirus outbreak and SARS? China didn’t have a high-speed rail networks, nearly the degree of urbanization, or a mobile middle class. There are many more pollinators this time.
per china goals  …
China's Wuhan will build a second #SARS treatment-model makeshift hospital and put it into use in half a month. #pneumonia 
China imprisoned more than 1 million Muslims in detention, so Allah sheds a virus on them that has not been discovered yet, it has isolated 4 cities with population of 20million Chinese. “They plot and plan and, Allah too plans, but Allah is the best of planners” Quran 8:30
I guess HRW believes it’s unnecessary to limit exposure and try to contain a virus to prevent a pandemic? So cynical to use a moment like this to push anti-China propaganda.  …
Video from my hometown Shanghai，i understand the dialect. he is saying Tianlin 田林block（heart of downtown）is locked down due to local hospital confirm case of #WuhanCoronovirus the vitus is spreading and quarantine might  used cross China. 
But we shouldn't stop  from China into the US, because that would be racist. And we'd all rather die of a plague than be known as racists, amirite?  …
as a chinese, fuck china
Ok but everyone go watch the movie Contagion &  back and tell me what you all think it’s about a women who travels to China and starts an epidemic in the us with a disease she got.
Hong Kong leader declares virus emergency, halts official visits to mainland China  
Nigerians need to limit the number of children they have to a maximum of 3-4 for every man. If not poverty will rise as resources is spread thin. In China ,both rich and poor were affected, but in Nigeria only the rich like Sanusi is allowed to have more wives and kids. Unfair.
Unbelievable speed and organization! China is building a new 1,000-bed hospital in five days to treat victims of the new deadly coronavirus. 
My @telegraph column: 46 million in quarantine and China won’t tell them the truth  … #coronarovirus
China is building another 1300 bed hospital to deal with corona virus outbreak. The hospital will be operational in 15 days time. 
Please don't normalise this. The actions of china's government doesn't mean it's people deserve to face this. This is a humanitarian pandemic and we should treat it as such. It's akin to saying Jews deserve the holocaust because of Israel or Muslims deserve racism because of 9/11  …
#China's influence in multilateral institutions, including the World Health Organization, is generally malign. Beijing is almost certainly responsible for paralyzing the WHO, at least temporarily, at a critical time. #WuhanCoronavirus  …
if u see this pls reply with " #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜" cause we want sm to cancel dream show in macao with the recent coronavirus outbreak in china. please it's for everyone's safety #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 
You expect me to have sympathy for China when they turned a blind eye to the Muslims suffering? Lol nah it don’t run like that.
On this #ChineseNewYear our thoughts are with all the people of China, as First Minister @NicolaSturgeon wishes a prosperous Chinese New Year 新年快乐 
China may have used its status as a major superpower to pressure the World Health Organisation into not declaring international emergency over coronavirus  #coronavirusoutbreak
The Simpson predicted the future again. #coronavirus #coronarovirus #WuhanCoronavirus #Wuhan #China 
This woman whose family is in #Wuhan #China  emotional as she shares about the adverse situation faced by her family and the people in Wuhan amid the #WuhanCoronavirus 
At the same time, #HongKong Chief Executive #CarrieLam refused to block all transportation from #China, & infected were allowed  to HK on "humanitarian grounds" That's a big "WELCOME TO HONG KONG" sign to everyone in China infected by #WuhanPneumonia. Photo: Apple Daily  
Me wondering how a hospital in China can be built in days yet it takes us  business case iterations and many many months for a modular build to be constructed 
Happy New Year to all my friends in China 
China's Wuhan to build second designated hospital to treat coronavirus patients: state media  
The streets are empty in the small towns of Hubei Province where the #coronavirus outbreak started. #China 
China can build a new hospital in 6 days. We can't even get a doctors appointment within 2 weeks...
No wonder #coronarovirus started in #china the shit they eat!! Next we’re going to have #itlookslikeacockvirus !!!!! 
China will build a hospital to  by 03 February 2020! 10 days!! I’m retweeting this for good luck!  
Xin Nian Kuai Le! Happy #ChineseNewYear to everyone in London, China and across the globe. Tomorrow we’ll be celebrating with free music, food, dance and more in Trafalgar Square. Join us from 12pm. Gong Xi Fa Cai! 
Holiday in China! Yeah, I picked a pretty bad time for this, but don't worry -- I'm fine! :) It is very nice here, and soon I will have a city tour, a trip to the theater and a water park. I'll try to take more photos and have a good rest ~ #china 
#China imposes restrictions for travel to Beijing. Capital to suspend all inter-provincial road passenger transport from Sunday to curb spread of #Wuhanvirus, state media quote city authorities. (Means buses only -not private cars or trains. All transport within city allowed.)
Not to sound conspiratorial but the outbreak is coincidental given the tensions w/ China+US where the US has a history of using biowarfare like diseased insects. Media is making China seem dictatorial for handling the virus, and makes local Chinese seem as a public health threat.
The reason people are panicking over the #WuhanCoronovirus isn't so much the virus itself, but the reaction surrounding the outbreak. China sent in the army and cordoned off over thirty million people (population of Malaysia). You don't do that if its "nothing".
As people in China and around the world celebrate the Lunar New Year, we send our love and support to the many impacted by the Coronavirus. Apple will be donating to groups on the ground helping support all of those affected.
Allegedly a Wuhan hospital worker, not sure if it is a doctor or a nurse, having an emotional breakdown. Truly heartbreaking. These people giving every inch of themselves. #wuhan #china #coronarovirus #coronavirus #Hubei #coronoavirus #coronovirus #CoronaOutbreak 
According to the CDC, a second person in the United States has tested positive for coronavirus and dozens more are being monitored for the respiratory illness. Multiple cities in China are on lockdown to prevent the virus from spreading. @janisfrayer reports from 
China’s solution for EVERYTHING! Build stuff that’s not needed, pour concrete.  …
Tolong rt. Sign this petition to banned the entrance of China people. 
Worth noting ... and clarifying. If this means stopping *all* interprovincial bus travel throughout China, and not just in and out of Hubei it would mark a massive escalation in travel restrictions.  …
China coronavirus: Stricter measures start Lunar New Year 
It WAS A Perfect Call. A Perfect Call For Russia, With A Right Turn Thru China, To Ask Them To Steal & Fabricate Information Or Outright Lie On 45 's Oppenents To Help Him Win Elections. That's #DerPumpkinFührer's Modus Operandi. Lie. Cheat. Steal. 
China food trend... Tortured animals, crawling in pain makes them hungry. All meat is animal cruelty, end speciesism, animals have done nothing to us, live a life  #vegan #TryVeganToday 
Schweizer: Bidens Have ‘Lied’ About Hunter’s China Dealings ‘Repeatedly’  …
Video from China where infected person coughing on elevator buttons to infect other people 
Coronaviruses are transmitted by animals & people . Outbreak started in Wuham in our local China. Symptoms include runny nose, cough, sore throat, possibly a headache, fever etc. those with weakened immune system like d elderly & very young are more vulnerable to this infection 
Warning: Graphic Content Unnerving Leaked Footage From Wuhan, China Of People Literally Dropping In The Streets From Coronavirus China Has Quarantined 35 Million People In 12 Cities 
BREAKING NEWS: Leading U.S. health experts predicted coronavirus could kill 65 million people in a year - in chilling warning three months BEFORE the outbreak in China. Scientists at the prestigious Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security made the eerie prediction.
Hong Kong leader declares virus emergency, halts official visits to mainland China  
Two parents boarded a plane, abandoning their sick children, at an airport in China amid the coronavirus crisis.  …
Incredible images show traditional China  rule. See more:  
The EU does not have Free Trade Agreements in place with any of the following major global economies, all of which want FTAs with the UK: USA (the world #1) China (#2) India (#5) Brazil (#9) Russia (#11) Australia (#14) Indonesia (16) Saudi Arabia (#18) Taiwan (#21) 1 of 2
Japan has 3 confirmed cases, like us. Japan hasn’t banned all China people either.  …
It is not a easy for foreign foundations to work easy in India & China kind big countries...possible in small countries....maximum thing happen is some Agents of these Foundations will  fat cat... Advance greetings to the Fat Cats  …
A nurse in Chengdu, China has her hair cut short before heading to Wuhan to help deal with the novel coronavirus outbreak. 
A bracing read to start the day: sustained human-to-human transmission of #2019nCoV must be happening and it’s unclear if China will be able to contain the virus, according to the latest modeling report from Neil Ferguson.  …
@SMTOWNGLOBAL @StarMac_ China has almost 1300 cases & 41 deaths caused by the virus. Macau has 2 confirmed & 45 suspected cases as on 24th Jan. Please reschedule/ cancel promotions for both groups in the region. #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 
Today is the Chinese Lunar New Year, the largest internal yearly migration on earth. Most years about 30 million residents travel within China for the festivities. This year there is a deadly virus spreading as well. 
The fact that 2 people already have the Corona virus here in the United States is crazy! The 2nd person that has the virus was located in Chicago. It was confirmed that she came home sometime around January from China! She's apparently at the CDC now. #CoronaOutbreak
The coronavirus outbreak has highlighted clearly what a shit world it would be if led by CCP China. How dumb it is to take our lead from Xi Jinping.
Body bags are piling up. We're dealing with a coronavirus that's likely more lethal and quick than SARS. Superpower China has thrown everything it has at it and declares an emergency in less than a week. Trudeau's fingers firmly up his arse, no quarantine of inbound passengers.  …
Meng Wanzhou’s private jailers were hired to guard China’s consulate too  … "The arrangement is unusual, in that Meng is paying the people who must prevent her escaping"
CHINA'S CAPITAL CITY BEIJING TO SHUT ALL INTER-PROVINCE SHUTTLE BUSES FROM JAN 26 TO CURB CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK -LOCAL PAPER
China - Wuhan: 85 hotels are providing rooms for health care workers because they are having trouble getting to work. No public transportation now. (and cars are out today).  … h/t tetano
Tolong rt. Sign this petition to banned the entrance of China people. 
A new virus that started in China and is popping up around Asia hung over the first day of the Year of the Rat in much of the region. Lunar New Year festivities were canceled across mainland China and scaled back in Hong Kong. 
y’all really disrespectful as fuck. As if the vary majority of the 1.4billion people have anything to do w what’s gg on in Xinjiang. & before  at me w the whole “if you remain silent, means  gtfo of here. It’s China. Do u think freedom of speech works there?? 
They arrested @Crypto_Bitlord for his China tweets  …
I liked the bit about the fake virtue signaling as the studios have sweatshops in China, which is true and funny cause they try to seem so righteous but at the end of the day, they aren't very ethical at all.
Meanwhile in China. 
Coronavirus:death toll hits 41 as doctor dies from virus in China – updates- Just how ineptly do you think the Trump Administration will be in the USA in mishandling this developing epidemic? The  of #PresidentShitForBrains will kill people.  …
There have long been recognized risks around “exotic” animal trade & wet market conditions. 17 years after SARS, why is the issue still so serious? Many shrug their shoulders, “China’s a  country.” But once I land in HK I have state media following me. Priorities!
This one, I cant even agree fully. I hate China for what had happened for Ughyurs sisters and brothers. Malaysia is a neutral block which means we don't take sides. Another factor is China is our biggest partner. Malaysia's stuck in the middle. We can't even agree to disagree
Corona virus outbreak in China and Nigerians are on high alert but are unaware of the lassa fever virus outbreak that is killing them. Hypocrites
Drone footage shows the rapid construction of a new 1,000-bed hospital which authorities say will be built in just six days The number of people killed by the coronavirus has risen to 41 with the outbreak now having spread from China to 11 other countries  
This latter rule is the ‘most-favoured nation principle’. It means that if the UK leaves without a deal it will have to treat the EU like China and the EU will have to treat the UK like China.
China announced it will build an additional 1300 bed hospital in 2 wks. Buhari has still  Aso Rock clinic in 4 yrs
If the philipine can send 500 of china people why malaysia cant? This is a serious cases.  …
This is not a province of China. This is my country. This is the territory of Republic of the Philippines.
China eat wild animals and pets. When they  the zombies, they will eat us either!! Damn World war z is real
In the wake of the coronavirus outbreak, should you cancel your trip to China? 
The patient who supposedly infected 14 medical staff in a Wuhan hospital should not be named a "super-spreader" because he was transferred between wards multiple times, said China CDC head  
Xin Nian Kuai Le! Happy #ChineseNewYear to everyone in London, China and across the globe. Tomorrow we’ll be celebrating with free music, food, dance and more in Trafalgar Square. Join us from 12pm. Gong Xi Fa Cai! #CNYLondon  
A doctor has died from the Wuhan coronavirus, according to state-run China Global Television Network. #CNNPHNewsroomWeekend  
In 15 days! ! China's Wuhan will build a second SARS treatment-model makeshift hospital with 1,000 beds  
China is playing with gene-editing and virus manipulation as well. There is NO oversight of China and the reason Bill Gates and others are attracted to the PRC. If the UN was real or even the WHO, this would NOT be happening without challenge.  …
In non-fnatic news, China has a large virus outbreak, and they need a new hospital. When's it ready? 6 days. 
Happy #ChineseNewYear!! The name  from the Sanskrit Cina (derived from the name of the Chinese Qin Dynasty,) which was translated as 'Cin' by the Persians and seems to have  popularized through trade along the Silk Road.  
Police have raided wildlife markets across Eastern China as the #coronavirus outbreak spreads around the world. The virus is suspected to have spread to humans in a seafood market in Wuhan where live exotic animals and other wildlife were sold 
Donkeys are needed by a lot of subsistence farmers in Africa. Now thefts are prevalent and donkeys too expensive to replace. All for China’s fake medicines!! @Protect_Wldlife @PeterEgan6 @_AnimalAdvocate @RobRobbEdwards @ARCrusade  …
Yall know it's a major health epidemic scare like every two years right?? Swine Flu. Bird Flu. Ebola. I send well wishes to the people in China, but Im not feeding into the over exaggerated media. 
“As it stands, flights to Wuhan has been cancelled and we are discussing possibilities of having all flights to China cancelled” says Malaysian health minister Dr Dzul. He’s discussing with PM & home minister as the spread continues in China & elsewhere .  …
Why should Malaysia allow entry when there is clearly a medical crisis going on? Nobody was forced to travel. Malaysia isn't prepared  the virus so the best method is clearly prevention. Thoughts are with China and their people but free movement is unacceptable.
NEW: The U.S. is planning an evacuation of its diplomats and citizens out of Wuhan. The flight leaves tomorrow, and can carry about 230 people back to the U.S. The operation was approved by China's Foreign Ministry. Scoop by @jamestareddy 
•Sharjeel writes for TRT - Turkish News how our Constitution is anti muzies. •Architects Shaheen Bagh, plans to cut of NE from India. •China’s strategy to cut Siliguri corridor. •If NE really to cut of whom it will benefit? CHINA & PAK? The game is bigger than you think. 
Australia said there are now four confirmed cases of China's coronavirus across the country 
China's top virus lab is in Wuhan, the center of the outbreak  via @MailOnline
For Europe, China is an attractive economic prospect. The problem is, Beijing's political system makes it a risky place to put money. Analysis by @lukemcgee |  
I miss the good old days, when not everything was from China, and we made our own viruses.
THE SCIENTIST WHO PREDICTED CORONAVIRUS COULD KILL 65 MILLION PEOPLE–THREE MONTHS BEFORE THE OUTBREAK IN WUHAN China recently developed a deadly pathogen lab in Wuhan, with U.S. bio-safety experts warning in 2017 that a virus could "escape" the facility.  …
"More than 130 suspected coronavirus cases have been reported in Taiwan this week, including 70 on Thursday alone." That makes Taiwan (ROC) the worst affected state after China (PRC). Yet they are excluded from the @WHO, by China.  …
#HongKong has declared the #coronavirus outbreak an emergency. Leader Carrie Lam has said that schools will remain closed until at least Feb. 17 and all trains and flights from #Wuhan, #China will be stopped.
With #coronoavirus spreading Wuhan district in China is building a 1000 bedded hospital in 12 days. Just look at the pace of activity... 
wearing masks and hand sanitizer are not enough . pls banned china’s visitor to get in to our country for this several months and im not being racist but im just wanted save malaysia people from this #CoronavirusOutbreak
Happy #ChineseNewYear! This artwork is a nianhua, or New Year picture, a type of print used for decoration during the Chinese New Year. These prints were a way of saying goodbye to the past and  the future. Helping One Another at the Loom, China, 1950. by Gu Yizhou. 
We aren’t anti-China, we just want to know the truth and honestly I don’t know who to believe. Only hope that the Chinese government can control the situation.
Dr Ho Pak-leung, director of the HKU’s Carol Yu Centre for Infection, posted on his FB just now: closing borders to China is the only and most effective measure to protect Hong Kong fr 
Apart from: Baby I will marry you I will never leave you I love you Which other promise you know is made in China?
Human diets and the “ecology of disease”: The coronavirus outbreak underscores that most new and emerging infectious diseases affecting humans originate in animals. China's SARS pandemic originated from civet cats while the Wuhan coronavirus has spread from another animal market.
I pray for you guys in China but PLEASE DONT LET YOUR PEOPLE TRAVEL for a while please  …
I think any person not just (Chinese nationals) who travelled in and out China in the past month should be checked to avoid spread.
When you found out you're not in the menu in a restaurant somewhere in China.  …
please help spread!! czennies are currently trending this hashtag to ask sm to cancel dream show in macau due to the corona virus that’s wildly spreading in china now!! #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 
“ WHO appreciates china’s transparency in this time - “ uhh i don’t think china would quarantine 40mil people over 41 deaths if the death toll weren’t worse . i have a feeling they’re not being honest and are trying to conceal the severity of it :^( #CoronaOutbreak
No hate I think there needs to be some precaution considering the outbreak isn't contained anymore. We have 4 confirmed coronavirus cases in Australia now from flights from China to Sydney in early Jan before the travel halt. There are 12 countries now affected including MY.
If anyone who visited China during the month of December or came back to Pakistan in last dates, kindly get a proper scan of this scary #conoravirus. America is diagnosed with two cases just because a woman went back from China in Dec. It’s spreading worldwide like this.
Happy Lunar New Year to all celebrating the start of the Year of the Rat today in countries around the world! Wendy, our social media ambassador from Vietnam, looks into Lunar New Year greetings & traditions from China , Vietnam , South Korea and Mongolia . 
#StandWithWuhan 450 military doctors, medical personnel from China's three military medical universities - some with  SARS or Ebola - rushed to #Wuhan at the wee hours on Friday to help fight #CoronavirusOutbreak Follow live updates:  
China uses international organizations such as UN, Interpo, WHO, WHOA ICAO, etc to execute its political will and reshape international order, Taiwan will not be the only case, nor be the last case.
Stop spreading hatred and politicize everything. KKM already had their plan since the first case in China. 
China reports rising death toll from coronavirus 
"Another long term vlogger bluntly said in an email that, 'The man that DOES NOT censor himself in China doesn't stay in China long.'”  …
1- Map of India is wrong 2- Anyways, @realDonaldTrump who thinks India and China don’t share a border, has to take a look. Ah! but for that he should be able to point to both India & China on the map  …
If only China would put as much effort into food safety and personal hygiene standards as they do monitoring their citizens internet usage...! #CORONAVIRUSFRANCE
#coronarovirus #coronarovirus China isolates at least 1 million Uyghurs. Corona virus isolates 41 million Chinese residents in 13 cities 
Then shut the fuck up, bullshit! Close the border from China NOW!  …
Hong Kong's chief executive Carrie Lam has announced emergency measures and has halted visits to mainland China. Read the latest on the coronavirus here:  
Joe Biden: ‘We Don’t Need Standing Armies’; ‘We Should Be Helping’ Communist China (VIDEO) 
Key paper on the epidemiology of #nCoV2019 @Eurosurveillanc Real-time tentative assessment of the epidemiological characteristics of novel coronavirus infections in Wuhan, China, as at 22 January 2020 #IDTwitter  
Our Asia correspondent @Chesh reports that 56 million people in China are now under some form of travel restriction in response to the coronavirus. Read the latest here:  
china started the virus first and now they want everyone to die together with them? fuck no  …
Im going through this thread and realizing that a lot of people don’t know the nature of China and Chinese government. They’re government covers up everything from diseases to mass murders. This virus  from eating exotic meats like snake and camel.
The panic over coronavirus threatens to shut down much of China's economy and elsewhere. This in addition to a developing economic slump does not auger well. CBs are bound to reflate even more aggressively to deal with fall-out. Got gold?
change your twitter settings to south korea and tweet #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 we need sm to cancel dream’s schedules in china due to the risk of infection by the coronavirus 
China's Haikou city to start 14-day medical observation for tourists from Hubei  
China is building a new 1,000-bed hospital in five days to treat victims of the new deadly coronavirus 
Why yes, I do believe my mother spent her evenings after work teaching me Chinese and correcting my essays for years so that I would eventually be able to go to China and argue at length with my grandparents about politics over #ChineseNewYear dinner
Doctors warn China coronavirus carriers may show no symptoms of illness  …
some lunar new year events in china will even be cancelled to avoid the virus. we do hope bighit would be cautious about txt's schedule in japan, or better cancel activities that require interaction with many people and may perpetuate virus transfer. #큰성공_스케줄_취소해
Brexiters have scored a massive 'own goal" over immigration. Brexit = fewer Europeans Brexit = increase in immigrants from India, Pakistan, China, Africa etc to fill vacancies Also more visas will be part of ANY trade deal (India already said so) & UK is desperate for deals.
Standing before the global glitterati in Davos, Trump bragged of a transformative change to US trade policy. His newly inked Phase One deal with China does indeed mark a fundamental shift in American policy. But not one for the better. By  …
It's not just about this,we all noticed how he didn't even dare to talk about china's treatment to ughyur's muslims or participate our country to go against china. It shows fear. China was Malaysia’s largest trading partner.he never said anything remotely bad about china
Urmm.. I'm half-Chinese, and I'm not a fan from having infected virus carriers from Mainland China because we don't know how lethal the spreadability of the virus yet. Not because I'm being racist. It's not racially based, at least for me.
A clear motivation in portraying China’s response in a negative light is the fact that staggering initiatives like this put the US to shame  It could never react to a public health diasaster in this fashion.   …
Hong Kong leader declares virus emergency, halts official visits to mainland China  
You're admitting Pakistan is a puppet state of China, the same way my country, Australia, has   …
The Economist notes any government can exploit vulnerabilities that inevitably arise in digital devices, but wouldn’t China have a special advantage in exploiting vulnerabilities in Huawei’s 5G network since Huawei would be the first called to fix them? 
My package was delivered today and it had the made it China label. No ma’am 
As a direct consequence of mainland China's corrupt elites plundering the nation's wealth, the PR China's health expenditure of 4.9% of GDP is less than half of the world's average of 10% and just on par with Mozambique's 5.0%. Statistics from 2016. Source: World Bank & WHO /1 
Let’s pray for the people of Wuhan, Hubei & China! Let us trust the Chinese government, and establish a firm confidence in defeating the #coronavirus! With one heart & one mind, we will try our best to win the full victory of this special war! 为武汉、湖北、全国人民祈福！
In some part of the world, there might be a mother crying for her child, a child crying for their parent who are infected of the virus and all you do is saying that it is 'karma' to China for what they did to Uyghur? The way you say it as if the Uyghur people is immune.
China - Happy New Year of the rat! America - sorry you have to endure the Republican rat infested Senate. A Senate full of evidence hiding, witness silencing, traitor protecting, truth suppressing, dishonourable, lying, cheating Republican rats. No offence actual rats ...
I think the Government’s desperation to do a trade deal with China will means security concerns, even from longstanding allies, are secondary  …
We’re fucked. #CoronaOutbreak countries it’s spread to besides China: Japan Taiwan Thailand South Korea Australia (you guys can’t catch a break, can you?) USA
Today is the Chinese New Year day. I am thinking of all the people in China this weekend, especially those who have been sick from #nCoV. @WHO stands with you, and we will continue working around the clock with China and other countries to respond.
• Hong Kong declares coronavirus outbreak an 'emergency' • 41 people dead, at least 1,287 infected • China locks down more cities, restricting movement of 56 million people Follow the latest updates:  
Public health experts seem to have  more alarmed in just the last 24 hours. And with China it’s like reading tea leaves — but I’m starting to wonder whether the extreme decision even by PRC standards to quarantine all of Wuhan is because officials know something we don’t.
coronavirus is dangerous and it’s spreading wildly in china right now. your artists’ health and safety should be the priority @SMTOWNGLOBAL @WayV_official 
this is allegedly a voice note from a nurse in Wuhan, China at the epicenter of where the coronavirus began. heartbreaking if it’s real. 
WHAT’S NEW? #CoronavirusOutbreak - China reported almost 2,000 cases - Australia reported 4 confirmed cases - Malaysia reported 3 confirmed cases 
BREAKING Multiple cases of CORONAVIRUS now in NSW! Why did the Government let the plane land in Sydney from Wuhan, China? Why are our Governments SO INCOMPETENT, DUMB & CORRUPT! Why do we have live in a BANANA REPUBLIC run by KATH & KIM?  …
The #coronavirus outbreak isn't a free pass to be a racist POS. "Omg have you seen what they do to animals in China?" Seriously? Most of you won't even look at what *you* do to animals in your own country.
All I can say is this is disgusting! China have absolutely no respect for animals not animal welfare. They eat anything with a soul and heartbeat. And I find it disgusting. From there dog meat festivals to bat soup. To there stunts using pigs bungee jumping. It angers me so much!  …
#coronavirus #China: Twenty-five provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions in #China, covering more than 1.2 billion people, have activated the Level-1 alert of public health incidents. Level-1 is the highest level.  …
Sorry, I’m an epi, I did a brief stint with Ebola, i did 2019 pandemic, I advise countries on pandemic preparedness, I wrote the pandemic surveillance for WHO and I’m cancelling my trip to China. It’s here, be cautious, be prepared. Buy some masks. No caps.
And any fan or supporter of Imran Khan who gives him a pass or makes excuses for his silence towards China's Muslim minority  his or her morality and values. "Pakistan needs Chinese money" is exactly that. 
Of course quarantining people to stop spread of disease is alarming ...if it's China. But if it's in the U.S. it is of course a good thing  …
China are building a 1000 bedroom hospital in 6 days but Killingworth road has had roadworks on for 3 years
Hong Kong’s leader Carrie Lam has declared the coronavirus outbreak as an “emergency” and suspended official visits to mainland China.  …
Disturbing thread on #coronavirus. Singapore returned a flight w/ Wuhanners back to China. Entire plane was quarantined. How many people out there are re-thinking their travel plans -- especially if an airplane is involved?  …
As of 2018, Wuhan Institute of Virology was doing immunological experiments on wild bats that they field-dissected after catching them in caves in China...and Australia. Weird. 
#Coronavirus WHAT is China not saying? New hospital to be built within 10 days to manage increasing number of cases! Why the panic? Logic says, there's info being withheld (albeit China environmental conditions cannot  to e.g. US or Europe)!  …
My new fit I’m going to China, Y’all want anything back ? 
I don’t think this Harvard epidemiologist is scaremongering. I believe his R03.8 &8times faster &worse than SARS. I’m Chinese from China. ALL Chinese are really worried. This pandemic IS worse than SARS otherwise Chinese govt won’t lockdown virtually whole Hubei province 60m ppl
China is constructing a specialized hospital within 2 weeks for #coronarovirus patients. However, every year in Nigeria btw January - March, there’s #lassafeveroutbreak, which is killing non health workers and health workers. LASSA FEVER IS BACK. I’m shouting it.  
YOU BEDAZZLED YOUR PER CHINA?  …
Having been to China often it isn’t surprising deadly bugs keep appearing. Meat markets can be disgusting and disgraceful, no such thing as hygiene, very little off the menu. I once ordered Paddy Chicken expecting a roast chicken, it was a large boiled rat from the paddy fields
A secondary specialist hospital will be built in #Wuhan, #China to deal with #Coronavirus. This one will have bed capacity of 1300.
Everyone is praising Philippines for sending Wuhan tourists back but they are also claiming that there’s an outright ban on all China tourists which is false. Also another fact, AA and Malindo has banned Wuhan flights. Fact check everything. Panic and lies don’t help anyone 
I'm a life long fan of Imran Khan. I've even had the good fortune to meet the great man, but moral convictions are moral convictions, and the fact he stays silent towards China's persecution of Uyghur Muslims in order to keep Beijing's $$spigot flowing = profound disappointment!  …
Contemporary reporting on China is a continuation of this dynamic:   …
Since last night, the #nCoV2019 #coronavirus has: - sickened 1,354 people — 1,320 in mainland China - caused 41 deaths - turned up in France, Australia, Malaysia, and Nepal, meaning nearly a dozen other countries now have cases  …
In 2017, China built a laboratory to study the Corona and Ebola virus in Wuhan, and US biosafety experts warned that the virus might "leak" from the facility, which is what actually happened. 
Jennie bar made another donation for Wuhan virus 1. Jennie bar own money RMB 3000, sincerely of China Jennie bar 2. JNB organized a crowdfunding since fans were asking and willing to donate, funding ended within 1 hr cuz its over JNB estimation, total 27990.45 
A Doctor who was treating coronavirus in China has died of the virus.
As a result of coronavirus up to 36 million people in China are now under lockdown Uyghur Muslims in China in a concentration camps As Allah said “And never think that Allah is unaware of what the wrongdoers do. He only delays them for a Day when eyes will stare [in horror].” 
#EverydayHero Heartwarming! A police officer helped an elderly man cross a traffic junction by carrying him in his arms in East China's Anhui province. RT to show your respects! 
Why must people constantly mislead. The hospital being built in China in a week is being constructed from temporary modules. It’s not a permanent structure.  …
They need to enforce an all out travel ban, they can keep that shit where it has originated. Every country needs to order bans to and from China & quarantine anyone at high risk exposure, until it's source is known & proper vacc. is available STAT to all regardless of 
Wuhan. People say that in China’s New Era of high-tech authoritarian surveillance it’s no longer true that “heaven is high and the emperor far away” — that central control can now reach into every capillary of life. There’s some truth to that. But they forgot to tell viruses. 
#China a National Health Commission respiratory expert, was diagnosed with #WuhanPneumonia after visiting Wuhan to inspect the status of infection. Ten days earlier on 10 Jan, he said "under control" and mostly a "mild condition" Doctor, 62, DIES 9 days later. 
No link with seafood market in first case of China coronavirus, Chinese scientists revealed  …
Lassa fever is on the rampage here in Nigeria. #coronoavirus is on the rampage in China.... Nigeria is currently in business with China with a lot of Chinese around... It's a new virus and I hope we are capable to handle these disease outbreaks. We need to be up to it!
[TRANS] 200125 #XIAOJUN’s Weibo update “Happy new year! Everyone, please take care of your health. It’s that same line again, if you guys get sick, I’ll be very upset. Wuhan fighting , China fighting !” #WayV Translated by @lumarkbot - SM_NCT  … 
I spent my New Year by watching news about Wuhan epidemic. China should seriously stop eating weird food. The outbreak came from bat soup that they consumed. 
Dear the people of China, Please stop eating bat soup, koalas and hamsters. It’s making us all ill. Yours sincerely, The rest of the world. #coronarovirus
China is building a hospital in Wuhan to help contain the coronavirus. The hospital will be finished in 6 DAYS. If you're doubting the possibility, recall that in April 2003, they built the Xiaotangshan Hospital in 7 DAYS. It treated 1/7th of China's SARS patients at the time. 
While China’s state-run media urges calm and praises the official response to the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak, China’s distrustful citizens express panic and frustration, sharing their own videos and information on social media, sometimes inaccurately. 
Hong Kong leader declares citywide virus emergency over coronavirus, cancels all official visits to mainland China 
Locusts in Wuhan, China, where they are building a 1,000 bed hospital in 10 days. 
Be Sure to Check out the facts before jumping to any Conclusion - China -Sunset. 
China has sent military medics, including professionals who have experience in the fight against SARS or Ebola, to Wuhan to curb the spreading of the novel coronavirus-related pneumonia 
No way I’d travel to China right now. Wouldn’t want to face the prospect of a lockdown, anywhere in the country.
Deeply  with the way China handles data—economic or pandemic.
Happy #ChineseNewYear Although 2020 is the year the #RedCrownedCrane is #China's national #bird and are venerated as they embody #peace. Two cranes walking or flying together is the ultimate symbol of longevity. Ondrej Prosicky 
Literally however China reacts to the situation will be weaponised against it by Western media. If it didn’t impose a huge quarantine it would be accused of being dangerous, incapable & irresponsible etc. The fact that it has is now being portrayed as “alarming” & “authoritarian”  …
The one thing made in China that doesn't fail after a week 
Snakes — the Chinese krait and the Chinese cobra — may be the original source of the newly discovered coronavirus that has triggered an outbreak of a deadly infectious respiratory illness in China this winter 
The world can now see what would happen if China  the superpower, severe censorship on everything, not only a threat to freedom, but human lives How can HKers stop our fight, we don't want Hong Kong to be China 
China coronavirus: Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam declares highest level of emergency, schools to remain closed and marathon cancelled 
Big Breaking From Lucknow Muslims Holding Anti-CAA Protests In Lucknow Removed, @myogiadityanath Government Detained Several Jihadis. Time To  Has Gone, Time To Crush Jihad And Jihadis With A Heavy Hand Has Come. Situation Warrants China/Myanmar/Israel-Like Policy.
Watch | Revelry and protests as Hong Kong  New Year Greeting cards with political messages exchanged in #China's biggest cultural festival @WIONews' Mohammed Saleh sheds light on the 
Ministry of Health & Family Welfare issues travel advisory to travellers visiting China, in the view of #NovelCoronavirus outbreak in #China. 
Fires in Australia, floods in indonesia, plague in China, earthquakes in Turkey and now swarms of locusts in East Africa. You think Someone is trying to tell us something?
#CONT - 10. govt will up and maintain surgical mask supply in #hk, already talked to #china's State Council on that matter 11. govt to move all resources necessary to maintain the aforementioned measures against  …
The so-called “US human rights advocate” that supports Israel’s genocide of Palestinians, and Obama & Clinton’s bombing of Libya, Iran, Syria, Afghanistan, and Iraq (again) has something important to say about China’s handling of the emergency. 
Novel #coronavirus outbreak in #China: Travel Advisory to travelers visiting China. @PMOIndia @drharshvardhan @AshwiniKChoubey @PIB_India @NITIAayog @MoCA_GoI @MEAIndia 
Just another restful day in Jiuzhaigou national park...Sichuan, China. from hostelineurope. 
And this is how we end up with all of those diseases and  out of China. They are out there eating bats, koalas, and rare snakes
In recent days, China has built the world's largest human quarantine zone - it's also boosted the number of people under medical observation from 90 to almost 14,000 as the #WuhanCoronavirus death toll 
Why should Australia fight the Coronavirus? As Australia is only 0.3% of the World's population, even if Australia was wiped off the map, China would replace us in 9 days. #auspol
Changsha Police: On 1/23 Zhou spread false rumors of four coronavirus cases in Changsha. We caught him, confessed, to be detained and fined. Actually only 1 case plus 4 in isolation. Shall continue crack down hard on those spreading false rumors! #coronavirus #China  …
China stops the movement of 56 million people to restrict the disease, this shower @HouseofCommons allow 2000 possible carriers into the UK! You couldn’t make this shit up? How inept, pathetic and appeasing are our rulers eh?
CHINA'S SANYA CITY SAYS ALL TOURIST SITES IN THE CITY SHUT DOWN TO PREVENT SPREAD OF VIRUS OUTBREAK
No #CoronaVirus case detected in India; Health Ministry issues advisory to people travelling to China  …
The Construction work at #Wuhan Vulcan Mountain Hospital is making rapid progress, images show how nearly two thirds of the leveling has  keeping on track with the 03 Feb 2020 deadline #China #WuhanCoronavirus 
If you are mildly sick, keep yourself hydrated, stay at home and rest. If you are concerned about your health, you should visit your doctor immediately. #coronoavirus #China #LunarNewYear #dollypartonchallenge #healthtips
China gov: Lockdown 12 cities to date due to the #2019nCoV In Bolehland:  
Once in a century #CNY lands at the same time as Burns' Night Today, China & Scotland are celebrating together Happy #BurnsNight Happy #CNY2020! 
When footballers who left Europe to go china for money hear about 
China already ordered the lockdown on 12 cities, no one  in or go out to Wuhan. So from diplomatic POV, PM is actually doing the right thing by issuing this statement. Why ban tourists from China if they can't even get out from their country?  …
Coronavirus response highlights flaws in the way China’s bureaucracy handles a crisis  …
Happy #ChineseNewYear to all celebrating the start of the Year of the Rat including my brother, sister in law, nephew and nieces in China! Stay safe
Reuters: TOKYO, Jan 25 (Reuters) - Japan has confirmed a third case of infection by China's coronavirus, the health ministry said on Saturday.
he was detained in china juz becoz he was healing protesters 
China virus death toll rises to 41, more than 1,300 infected worldwide  
#NewsFlash Reports suggest #China has finished work on the first #5G base station to assist all medical team in #Wuhan with connectivity while dealing with the #WuhanCoronavirus #CoronaVirus Surveying,designing,material deployment & project construction has been done 
China has effectively quarantined 35 million people. That’s alarming. 
Please la ban terus tourist from China and send back those infected to their own country. Tak payah nak simpan kat Sungai Buloh tu, even dekat China pon dah ada doctor mati lepas treat patients with coronavirus  …
Shout out to all the medical registrars that are going to get to deal with a ‘er... we have a person from China with a fever’ call this weekend.
China  #YearoftheRat Saturday, so is the country's porcelain industry. Come and check out delicate rat porcelain products in E China's Jingdezhen #ChineseNewYear 
#Breaking Three cases of China's coronavirus confirmed in NSW 
It's standard WHO protocol for rapid containment to create a buffer zone while creating a vaccine in parallel. China is already openly sharing info & working on a vaccine with the US  … and Germans  …. Vaccine is ready for animal testing.
China expanded its transport ban around the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak.  …
En otro episodio  mintiendo... "China's Coronavirus count artificially made low by classifying as "pneumonia" and covering up with cremations."  …
Currently in #China numbers of coronavirus cases surpasses 1000. Another environmental hazard. SARS or #Coronavirus, these outbreaks expose perils of exotic #wildlife trade globally. Apart from species extinction time to look #wildlife #crimes from human health perspective 
Coronavirus: Race to trace 2,000 people who flew to UK from Wuhan  …. RACE ? ? ...WHY WERE THESE FLIGHTS NOT STOPPED IN THE FIRST PLACE BAN ALL TRAVEL TO AND FROM CHINA ! NEXT WE WILL HEAR OUR NHS IS OVERWHELMED... WAKE UP BRITAIN PLEASE 
#BREAKING - Wuhan City, #China bans private vehicles from urban areas starting at midnight (BNO)
Something is very wrong when @WHO feels the need to repeatedly praise #China, but not the need to share medical information with Taiwan during #WuhanCoronavirus  …
Modi govt is constructing bridges, rail tracks, roads, highways to connect North East with mainstream. Tukde Tukde: “Hum North East ko India se permanently kaat denge!” Why are they against the NE? Does Jinnah wali aazadi means give NE to China? Kejriwal supports all this!!
Here goes the second one! Mainland China is celebrating new beginnings with a special New Year menu. Can you guess the name of this dish from our all-new menu? Let's see how many of you can name this one. Answer now and  the lucky one to win delicious food vouchers from us. 
China has called out the military to help deal with the new coronavirus in Wuhan that official stats say has now killed41 and infected 1300. There’s growing consensus the real figures are higher  …
Top US official on Iran says China’s oil purchases are ‘funding Iran’s terrorism’ - CCP is a party of terrorists. Look at what’s happening in Wuhan, a man-made crisis.  …
CHINA'S WUHAN CITY SAYS TO BAN NON-ESSENTIAL VEHICLES IN DOWNTOWN AREA FROM JAN 26 TO CONTAIN VIRUS OUTBREAK -STATE MEDIA
Everyone: China: Let's eat live mice, what could go wrong 
Liang Wudong, just  the first doctor to die from the new Coronavirus in #China A reminder that while everyone else is trying to avoid it, frontline medical staff are risking their lives to cure it + save others. 
Archaeologists have excavated 200 more terracotta warriors in China -  
Happy #ChineseNewYear from The Beatles Story! 2019 marked a milestone year for The Beatles Story in China, find out more here:  
China virus can be contracted only through human contact Introverts: 
It is safer to quarantine then to send back those patients. The airport is a crowded place, not to mention the tedious process of sanitizing after. We understand But those inbound china tourist, that we can halt. Please give the order out dear Tun @chedetofficial , save Malaysia
In  sense health habits are not widely practiced. Most Chinese people don't wear a mask when they are sick. Spitting on the streets  even in 1st tier cities. Fear mongering is sort of the last resort to slow down the transmission for  …
Hardcore xenophobic Muslims really have to stop saying the Wuhan virus is God's punishment towards China. Maybe it's God's test towards our faith to  and empathy?
Maybe God is punishing China with the #coronarovirus because of their concentration camps 
China’s construction prowess is immense. IMMENSE.
“[Wuhan virus] was most definitely not ‘preventable & controllable’. [CCP’s] mistakes will be borne by  people.” President Xi risks his supreme power in China due to continuous clamping down on info & not  with accurate statistics.  …
BREAKING: #Wuhan - VIDEOS (1 of 2): EXCLUSIVE look into quarantined #China on lockdown as the deadly virus strikes, new footages that were VERY hard to obtain due to Chinese Govt censoring social media. RT and SHARE -@ASBreakingNews #virus #coronarovirus 
CHINA'S HUBEI PROVINCIAL OFFICIAL SAYS VIRUS OUTBREAK SITUATION SEVERE, MEDICAL SUPPLIES VERY TIGHT
China has prudently placed Wuhan under quarantine to halt spread of coronavirus. But @EmmanuelMacron wants to “evacuate” French citizens. Does racist French government think the virus only affects Chinese people? France must respect the  …
China is reportedly building a massive medical facility to treat the #coronoavirus in Wuhan. Reports say the facility will be open by early Feb, indicating the seriousness of the  …
Nurses and medics are in serious frustration in Wuhan, China. It must’ve been terrible handling cases of #coronoavirus They have seen countless ppl passed away as death toll has been rising dramatically. We give our condolences and sympathy for these  …
MORE SCARY  out of #China as #CoronaVirus quickly spreads: 
MDZS DRAMA COMPLETE FULLSET PART 1 INCLUDE: 1,drama cover picture collection 2, drama OST (1xx song) 3,WX standee music box ( song is WX) 4,fexible flue pendrive 5, 9 china fanartist sign booklet 6, 3D raster badge 7, WX shiki 8,collection memorial card 
Peter Schweizer’s new book exposes more Biden corruption. We’ve got Ukraine, Iraq, China... All in the family 
Tun, you were a medical doctor. You knew the significance of barring them for the safety your people. But no, you're not protecting your people. Instead you prefer to protect the political allegiances w China. Malaysian politicians are pathetic. Left and right. Everyone sucks!  …
please consider donating to wuhan and huanggang through the following links to support purchase of masks + medical supplies for the brave healthcare workers on the front lines fighting coronavirus in china!  …  …  
Local paper @appledaily_hk has revealed that Hong Kong immigration granted a fever patient entry to the city from China on Jan 23. The newspaper has quoted a source from the immigration that the patient was let in on humanitarian grounds.  …
If the Government start to listen to Tweetfamous and number of retweets, our economy could be destroyed. The Government has to continue to do sensible things, just like the rest of the nations of the world which has not banned China tourists.  …
the king of china his queen 
Happy Lunar New Year! It's the year of the rat but you can't have Lunar New Year without the moon, or in this case moon bears! Read more about the moon bear's celebrations in China and Vietnam:  
A doctor in #Wuhan, China, has died from a #coronavirus infection, whilst other reports have suggested much much higher death tolls that are being covered up by the Chinese authorities. The military have flown in with medical supplies & 
From Greece to Arabia from China to Japan, the world treasured Sanskrit knowledge. India has been the preeminent knowledge civilization of the world. Before #EnglishApartheid destroyed talent, turned thinkers into  …
Bill Gates made a "simulation" about a possible pandemic that just happens to start in China like the Coronavirus 
Japan reported a third confirmed case of coronavirus, in a woman from China 
love to get "happy chinese new year" emails from brands who spent all year saying how everything made in china is bad
56 million people are now under lockdown as China increases its restrictions to stop the coronavirus outbreak from spreading and public transport has been closed across 18 cities
Schweizer: Bidens Have ‘Lied’ About Hunter’s China Dealings ‘Repeatedly’  … THE BIDENS HAVE LIED REPEATEDLY 1)THEY DENIED HUNTER SAT ON BOARD.WHEN SHOWN THE WEBSITE(proof)THEY HAD2 ADMIT IT. 2)THEN THEY SAY HE WASNT MAKINGOFF THE DEALNOW ADMITS IT
Lunar New Year festivities were canceled across mainland China on Saturday and scaled back in Hong Kong, @AP 
Weeks ago, China arrested 8 people for spreading "hoaxes" about what is now known as #coronavirus. How much time was lost? Authoritarianism is bad for your health.  
None of this is to belittle what is happening. The outbreak in China is a genuine public health emergency. But the essential data are still being collected and assessed. Sweeping and alarmist claims about unprecedented global threat are neither warranted nor helpful. #2019nCoV
A doctor in Wuhan Union Hospital told China News Weekly that at the onset of #nCov2019 Wuhan government adopted a "refrigerating strategy" on info dissemination, banning doctors from discussing the disease in public or taking media interviews without hospital 
Factbox: The latest on the coronavirus spreading in China and beyond  
China was oppressing muslims and God sent them a virus. God 100-0 China
I've written about how China's Belt & Road Initiative may affect regions across Central Asia, joint with Mathilde Lebrand & Tony Venables. In short, new infrastructure won't necessarily bring local growth. It's now  in JDE,    
If China can mobilize like this to build a new hospital in less than two weeks, imagine what the world can do if we took the climate crisis just as seriously.  …
Roads to #Beijing, #China are now closed off. Other cities such as Chong Qing are doing the same, blocking people from entering the city. Meanwhile #HongKong  everyone, ignoring the risks of #WuhanCoronavirus on civilians & medical staff. F*k #CarrieLam!! Photo from 
 … “A Novel Coronavirus from Patients with Pneumonia in China, 2019” @NEJM and “Perspectives: a novel coronavirus Emerging”  (FREE) 
hoshi is very affectionate. hoshi tells jun & minghao “i’m so thankful that you’re in seventeen” when they kept traveling to & fro china for their schedules to give them strength. hoshi incorporates sign language into their choreography to show their appreciation for all carats.
500 Chinese arrived in Philippines Kalibo Airport and will be sent back to Wuhan China in fear of the corona virus. Good job Kalibo. #Kalibo #CoronaOutbreak #coronaviruswuhan
It's here....it has travelled from China to India Indian moots stay safe and take all precautions.. If u feel signs of a flu then consult a doctor ASAP because this deadly virus spread very quickly, even from patients to doctors 
“China box office? We don’t need no stinking China box office!”  …
Construction has begun on a new hospital being built for patients affected by coronavirus in Wuhan, China. The local authority decided to follow Beijing's SARS treatment model for the hospital, which will have 1,000 beds and be put into use by Feb. 3.  
Get this. Wuhan (China) authorities are building a Field Hospital, from scratch, to cater to a 1,000 Coronavirus patients, in ONLY a Week! 
As i tweet before. If ban all the china tourist. It'll be a nightmare for tourism side. But sacrifice needed to be done.  …
China's Haikou city to start 14-day medical observation for tourists from Hubei  
Hello, banned  from China. Is that hard for you? The  from them not our people
They are building a whole new hospital in China in a span of 6 days to treat Corona Virus patients. And the hospital will be demolished once the virus is contained. Just wow !!
"India’s greatest political problem is not Kashmir, not the Maoists of central India, not the “insurgents” of the North-east, not Pakistan, not China, but the existence of the everyday humanitarian disaster called Uttar Pradesh." [What a lede!]  …
China is building a hospital of 1000 bed capacity within the next 10 days for ther corona virus patients. Operational from February 3rd. Namibia, I just .....
Sign this petition to banned the entrance of China people. 
A new Nike Air Fear of God 1 colorway was spotted in China. Should these get a release?  
About 450 military medical personnel and eight medical teams arrived in #Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Friday to fight the #coronavirus #pneumonia. 
This new virus that’s spreading in China? They might make a vaccine for it and 30 years from now some 28 year old hipster actors are gonna be preaching about how it’s all a conspiracy.
#coronavirus The South China Morning Post newspaper from #HongKong made a list of wild animal meats that you can buy at the local wholesale market in #Wuhan which is believed to be the epicenter of the #CoronavirusOutbreak This is quite a list and I'm sure is 
Don't worry guys the virus won't stay for long, it's made in China afterall
SHOCKING: former JNU student Sharjeel Imam instigates Shaheen Baug protestors and says ‘cut off Assam from India' by blocking roads . He is actually asking muslims to cut connection between North East and India . China and Pakistan have this similar plan. 
Xi Jingping: Stop China’s Yulin Festival - Sign the Petition!  via @Change
Happy CNY and Stay Healthy. My latest column: China’s coronavirus response highlights flaws in the way its bureaucracy handles a crisis. Acting promptly and boosting transparency is paramount as Beijing’s credibility is again on the line.  …
So this girl said we should play a game with our account balance as bet. You call a name, if it's a country you go right, if it's a food you go left. I called China, she went right, now she called Turkey and I've been standing here for an hour. Help ooo, it's my sweat 
This is not a preventive measure. This is just a damage control. A preventive solution would be yall denying those entries from china for a while you peabrain.  …
Seized meat products from China positive for African swine fever - Customs 
Toll from coronavirus rises to 41 deaths, with more than 1,000 confirmed cases in China 
Just passed a screening point in Henan close to the border with Hubei and had my temperature checked. #coronavirus #China 
Some Hong Kong health workers are planning to go on strike because they want the HK government to close down the border with mainland China  …
In order to maintain our strong ties with China, we're risking the lives of our citizens. Without China, Malaysia would be economically and financially weak, but without our citizens, there would not be a Malaysia at all. I hope this policy changes if the situation gets worse.  …
A union of medical staff in Hong Kong's public hospitals will announce a strike later today. The union has been calling the government to close down the border with mainland China. (Via  …
China coronavirus: Death toll rises to 41; over 1,000 cases of infection reported nationwide  …
#Wuhan Hospital Construction Site, local drone video shows the day two situation on site as #China races against time #Coronavirus 
Meat products from China seized at the Manila port in December tested positive for African swine fever (ASF). ASF, Coronavirus, POGO, Kidnappings, Prostitution....  …
This is disgusting Tun M, your people is more important then these peasants. We may not know what’s the deal between you & China but think about us Tun M  …
Cities in southern Henan have set up road blocks to screen the health of passengers in all cars. If you don’t pass the screening you can’t enter the city. #Coronavirus #China
2018 jikookgcf: I hate japan concerts 2019 jikookgcf: I hate china concerts 2020 jikookgcf: I hate weverse concerts
And they're  in. I can't believe flights have not been stopped from China
China’s viral outbreak is straining the resources of front-line hospital staff in epidemic-stricken Wuhan, who have been forced to turn away patients / the incredibly brave ⁦ @ChuBailiang⁩ reports from hospitals in  …
At this point there shld be a worldwide ban of all visitors frm China. Until the coronavirus is controlled. Its not abt race its abt health. I don’t care if a person is yellow blue or purple, but if they are contagious keep them the hell home and don’t let them roam!
This is why we should restrict them from entering @chedetofficial. Even China government has sealed off Wuhan so no one gets out and in. The situation is dire.  …
Japan: - Invades China, says Chinese people are "Japanese" - Invades Korea, says Korean people are "Japanese" - Invades the Philippines, says Filipinos are "Japanese" - Invades Ryukyu, says Ryukyuans are "Japanese" ...and many more! Do we see a pattern here?
Tesla will open a European design center in Germany, in addition to US & China  …
There are confirmed cases in the US (Chicago). Even if they were contaminated in China they still brought it here. And it’s in Europe & Australia. And each of those people could have potentially infected other people. That’s how epidemics start.
The WHO and the CDC have zero access to facts inside China, which are controlled by the CCP. Get real. They will be the last to know.
#NEW: China is now implementing nationwide measures to detect the #Wuhan virus - AFP
#CoronavirusOutbreak #HappyLunarNewYear China tourist  to Malaysia and everyone in southeast asia running to Malaysia. Malaysian in chinese new year: 
Where do travellers from Wuhan usually go to outside China? Final destination: Thailand 33%, Japan 12%, Malaysia 10%, Singapore 9%, Hong Kong 8%, Indonesia 7%, Taiwan 6%, South Korea 6% 
#DailyChinaBriefing on Jan. 25: 1. China reports 1,287 confirmed cases of new coronavirus pneumonia, 41 deaths  2. China mobilizes medical teams to fight new coronavirus  3. New Year celebrations around world  
41 dead, 1287 confirmed cases in China New 1000-bed hospital being built in six days in Wuhan Virus spreads to Europe - 3 cases confirmed in France. Wuhan under lockdown Tourist sites in Beijing shut McDonald’s shut in 5 cities  …
Hundreds of Chinese left Nigeria 4 China to celebrate their annual festival –Lunar New Year– to return next week Over 300,000 Chinese are infected Rather than take pro-active measures Govt will rather pray that d Virus does not enter Nigeria until people begin 2 die 
China expands coronavirus outbreak lockdown to an unprecedented 56 million people  
#China is building a hospital in Wuhan to fight #coronavirus in just 10 days! #coronavirusChina #SRAS via @ABC @kalydeoo @labordeolivier @sebbourguignon @ipfconline1 @Droit_IA @RichSimmondsZA @Ym78200 @tewoz @3itcom @chboursin @Nicochan33 @diioannid 
#BREAKING China orders nationwide measures to detect virus on flights, trains, buses 
Who else thinks China is lying about how many deaths from this virus and how far it had speared? We need to stop all flights from China immediately 
Why we are sliding down in international stature is obvious: We have ignored our neighborhood. Without resolving matters with Pak & China we cannot contribute to our region & world. Nepal another nation which now wants to resolve border with us since we released new Nov 2019 map  …
China virus death toll rises to 41, more than 1,300 infected worldwide 
Being a Pakistani we should help our all weather friend China in controlling the corona virus hence we request Chinese government to send all infected patients to GHQ Rawalpindi. Our Pak Army can handle anything. Pak Army Zindabad!
fuck my mom is in hkl I'm so???? mad???? that they still choose to allow tourists from China to go in and out of this country freely, putting the people in this country's HEALTH at stake  …
These #Savages will stoop to nothing! #NoHeart #NoEmpathy #NoRegard for any living being... . @WHO world has had enough of this #Vile #China... You need to #ShutItDown Chinese food market in the midde of SARS-like virus sold live KOALA  via @MailOnline
China expands coronavirus outbreak lockdown as death toll rises  
#NEW: More travel restrictions being placed on cities in #China. 56 million people affected - AFP
China spent the crucial first days of the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak arresting people who posted about it online and threatening journalists (via  …
China coronavirus: Wuhan residents describe ‘doomsday’ scenes as patients overwhelm hospitals  …
Isn’t it interesting that Wuhan, China, the location of the Coronavirus outbreak is also where they have China’s largest bioweapons research & development facility. It’s a Level 4 BioSafety lab where they store research & develop the world's most dangerous infectious diseases.
Saturday in Wuhan, heading out on a very empty expressway. The first day of the Lunar New Year and the city feels desolate and quiet. But there is a lot happening in this story in China and worldwide. Follow it at our live briefing.  
Mums in China atm for CNY and this virus shit is sketching me out
In the cities bordering #Wuhan’s Hubei Province medical emergency points have been set up. This is in Henan. #China 
As the dems impeachgasm continues, @POTUS has his eye on winning for US. He's just announced new tariffs to be placed on steel derived products to help bolster America's National Security. Suck it china  …
A study in The Lancet indicated that some people could be spreading the coronavirus despite having no signs of disease. Here’s the latest on the outbreak in China. 
#BREAKING China imposes travel ban on more cities, restricting 56 million people 
China restricts travel for 35 million people to halt spread of deadly virus 
Mental collapse of a nurse: “I can’t bear this anymore.” Terribly heartbreaking. If you are not prepared for this desperate scene don’t click. All Wuhan hospitals are running out of supplies, waiting for domestic and international donations. #coronarovirus #Wuhan #China 
(GLOBAL FLASHPOINT) US REMINDS CHINA: CORONA VIRUS LEAKED FROM WUHAN LABORATORY 2 years before virus killed 26 of 830 infected (by 24 Jan) scientists expressed fears about new "biosafety" labs being built at Wuhan from 2017: 5 already built of planned 7  …
This cat Hickey must be kind of a badass: Harvard and Yale; cyber-defense; now responsible for China and FARA; presumably at the heart of FARA and China prosecutions of the moment.  …
China quarantines 35 million people amid the coronavirus outbreak  
The world's markets have tanked & people are dying from the Coronavirus & it's 100% Trump's fault. Chinese people in Wuhan have been forced to eat snakes & bats or die of starvation? Why? B/c Trump's trade war forced China to retaliate by not purchasing US agricultural products.
China to build hospital in 6 days due to #coronoavirus while in Pakistan its takes 6 years to plan and think about making 
#coronoavirus Do the needful Save the world China. #bobrisky Asuu 
Why is a NBA team pandering to our greatest enemy, China? China hates our country, hates Americans, waged economic, cultural, and cyber war on us Imagine the righteous outrage from the ruling class if they did a video like this for Russia or Iran NBA is bought by China Sick!  …
A 1000 bed hospital by 3rd Feb? China is a very different country than any we know. 
Wang Qiang of China shakes hands with Serena Williams after Wang's victory during their women's singles match at the Australian Open.  
