No thanks...most of the country would rather fly to Wuhan, China & walk around without a mask.  …
All of the Canadian passengers and their families who were recently evacuated from Wuhan, China to a military base in Ontario for two weeks of quarantine are currently healthy with none of them exhibiting symptoms of novel coronavirus.  …
Mao-Style Social Control Blankets China. For example, in Zhejiang province (60mil), 330,000 ‘grid workers’ enforce regulations. Residential lockdowns of varying strictness now cover at least 760 million people.  …
China’s President Xi was aware of the Coronavirus nearly two weeks before he first spoke publicly about it — and while officials at its epicenter in the city of Wuhan were still playing down its dangers.  …
. @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle @newtgingrich Pay attention to @MikeBloomberg’s business activities with China Why isn’t anyone saying this is a conflict of interest as  hosts Economy Forum in Beijing He’s helping China  rich as he pads his own pocket 
U.S Defence Secretary Mark Esper told the Munich Security conference that all of China's growth was fueled by "theft, manipulation and extortion"- I cannot fathom just how offensive and appalling this kind of rhetoric is.
I was pleased to share with 50 journalists at my press conference this heartwarming video clip of British pupils singing to support China to fight the virus. It was later broadcast in prime time on China's national TV channel and acclaimed nationwide.  …
Funeral home workers across #China are heading to #Wuhan, the epicenter of the #COVID19 virus outbreak, to assist the city in dealing with the uptick in related deaths. Some local medical workers have also revealed the true severity of the  …
On top of that, #China has a long history of oppressing its  including the Catholics and many in  criticized the deal that the Vatican struck with Beijing in 2018. Beijing’s campaign to “sinicize” all religions doesn’t seem to bother @Pontifex.
** Exclusive Corona virus report ** Personal friend provides this anonymous report from china: “yes everyone is being ask to work from home. yes  has a guard at the door that scans your temperature before  in.” continued  
Following recent signs of continuous warming relationship between #China and the Vatican, the highest level meeting between both sides happened on the sideline of the Munich Security Conference, further paving ways for formal ties to be formed ...  …
I’m old enough to note roughly every 7-10 years there’s some virus scare that media pins on E Asian (specifically Chinese) people. Let’s see, I remember Bird Flu, SARS, Swine Flu and now Coronavirus. It just seems weirdly set up to coincide with rising hostility against China...
So legislators   in the drug war and the tilt to China. But a majority oppose the case against ABS-CBN. But not against Maria Ressa. Clearly these are small minds that cannot think in terms of constitutional principles or strategic interests. Just self.
Listen to dipshit Pelosi: “She’s from China, she’s from China.” So sick of racist American politicians.  …
So US gov't & hospitals rely almost entirely on China's gov't for US medicine, drugs & antibiotics. Chinese medicines often fail quality tests & China's strategic dumping policies prevent the US from building a drug-manufacturing workforce & industry. 
Pray for the people of China.  …
China has the smartest students in the world, according to this @OECD study of school-aged children in 79 
The #Coronavirus has spread all over China  hubs to ghost towns. This is Shanghai city. 
taylor swift teary eyed over winwin woah woah woah moonwalk performance sobbing happy dong sicheng king of china 
What I find really troubling is doctors in China had to report this anonymously to  censorship. We are not getting the whole story here. Keep in mind we don't yet know how many cases this involves and we'll have to wait for more case studies in other countries.
#OTD in 1998: China Airlines Flight 676, an A300, crashes into a residential area in Taipei (Taiwan) All 196 on board are killed, plus 6 on the ground. Investigation pointed several pilot errors (including CRM, too high altitude and improper control actions) which led to a stall. 
Which is more dangerous: something like the China virus or a bad idea?  …
Even fictional viruses in books/movies frequently are birthed in China or somewhere else in east Asia, it’s just a really wild form of casual racism that’s kind of part of the background to American life for most people & thats what a white supremacist society looks like.
The Phase One U.S.-China trade deal requires that China purchase at least $40 billion in U.S. agricultural and related products annually for the next two year. Learn more about U.S. agricultural exports to China and other countries around the world:  
No to massive land reclamation. Only China can do that. Wag na umangal please. Bawal xenophobia. 
China Foreign Minister Wang Yi correctly identifies the source of US belligerence towards China—this will only get worse as China overtakes the US as the world’s no.1 economy. The US fears the success of the socialist system. 
I wonder if locking people in their apartments to die-in-place is what #WHO meant when they said if China’s coronavirus containment efforts were working, other countries should consider using them. — #COVID19 
China coronavirus outbreak: All the latest updates  …
Not really following this debate, but why would we only consider China-related factors in this kind of discussion? Being a "China hawk" is more a function of someone's view of the US and Western power than it is of their view of China.  …
In an interview at the Chinese Embassy, Ambassador Cui Tiankai, says China is working hard to fight the coronavirus and is accepting help from foreign experts. #coronavirus @AmbCuiTiankai  
“In numerous countries outside China — including Japan, France, and the UK — public health workers and doctors treating patients with the virus have been infected.”  …
The number of the infected is much more than China government can admit. The health care system is overwhelmed. 
"We hope the U.S. as a superpower would not lose too much self-confidence or reason," Chinese FM Wang Yi says, dismissing U.S. accusations against China as "lies"  
I want Joe Biden to accept greater responsibility for marching us off to the Iraq war and for his supporters who caused the global financial and bankruptcy crisis and who gutted the middle class, set the planet on fire and shipped the American dream off to China. Vicious.
The 1st death from the #Coronavirus in #Europe—and the 3rd outside of #China—was reported in #France on Saturday. The patient was an 80-year-old Chinese tourist from #Hubei province, the epicenter of the new  …
Chinese soldiers on the Burma front during World War Two #China #Japan 
Miles Guo: Another outbreak is brewing in China (Part I)  via @Gnews202064
Europe and ( @Tesla elsewhere) shaping up as the big winners for #EV's in 2020. #China has serious issues and I'm expecting no chnage subsidies but a relaxing of #EV registrations in major cities. H2 is looking very nice indeed with new  …
Factbox: Carmakers look to resume China output after virus forced closures  
#BIGBANG officaly crossed 80M streams at China's second biggest music platform KuGou, they are the first Korean to reach this milestone! They have now exactly 82.2M streams 
I coulda got u a tailor made suit in china for $150 (before the Coronavirus)
‘This may be the last piece I write’: Chinese professor Xu Zhangrun, who published a rare public critique of President Xi over China’s coronavirus crisis, has been barred from social media, and friends have not been able to contact him for several days:  …
As China and the world try to stop the spread of the novel coronavirus, the fight against another deadly disease, Ebola, has reached an encouraging "milestone," the World Health Organization said 
Farming folk all over #China are donating agricultural products to #Wuhan, helping out food shortages due to the novel #coronavirus outbreak. 
On Friday, the President’s Coronavirus Task Force briefed the @Cabinet about our coordinated, whole-of-government response to the novel China #coronavirus. We continue to monitor the situation closely and have taken bold, decisive actions to help keep the American people 
American drugmakers rip off America by charging $500+ for skin creams/eye drops while shuttering all American factories for all drugs to be #MadeInChina China Has Global Chokehold on Medicine, Can Shut Down Our Pharmacies, Hospitals in Months 
Another  endorsement of the Indo-Pacific from Indian EAM S. Jaishankar. A month after Russian FM Sergey Lavrov derided the Indo-Pacific as "divisive" and designed "to exclude China." He added, somewhat demeaningly, “our Indians friends are smart enough to understand that”  …
The Vatican has not even released  text of the 2018 China deal. Maybe sunsetting relations with Taiwan was already in there.  …
Putin admirer & Deputy Prime Minister of NZ, Winston Peters, appears to be receiving online support from Twitter bot networks. A number PM Ardern's coalition partners have expressed support for Russia & China H/t @EGormsby @thespybrief  …
We need a strategy for China. Their economic power is a challenge that if we ignore will rewrite governance and shape the world in their image. We need to decide what we value and be prepared to work to defend it.  …
If Fu Ying means what she says, then how about giving #China democracy, universal suffrage, power to elect & sack their leaders, and freedom of expression? Stop jailing or disappearing people for expressing their beliefs #XiJinping and #CCP, why not implement Fu Ying's  …
In #China, yet another #Christian pastor has been arrested & sentenced to 9 years in prison. We continue to advocate for #Chinese Christians. They must be protected & free to practice their faith without  …
BREAKING: China virus death toll surpasses 1,600: govt | via 
China is callously and deliberately spreading #Coronavirus Watch these despicable sights and take 
Over 25.75 tons of illicit fentanyl powder was just intercepted from China to the Sinaloa Cartel in Mexico. 1 lb = 453,592 milligrams U.S. Population = 328,239,523 
China disinfects BANK NOTES and quarantines them for 14 days as Beijing announces 143 new coronavirus deaths and 2,641 additional cases while death toll hits 1,527  …
760 million people are under quarantine in China That’s 10% of the world population Let that sink in
Hello Everybody! I have a important video that I’m uploading to Twitter that explains what is happening right now in #China right now. I highly advise everybody to download this video immediately to their electronic devices. Just in case if Twitter deletes it. #CoronaVirus 
Jared Dudley shares how popular LeBron James is in China following Lakers trip.  
Pingyao Ancient City is in Shanxi Province of China. Founded during the Western Zhou Dynasty (1046BC – 771 BC) and rebuilt in 1370AD, It is nowadays one of China's four best preserved old cities together with Lijiang Old Town, Huizhou Ancient City and Langzhong Ancient City. 
BREAKING: Hubei province in China has reported 1,843 new cases and 139 new deaths in the #coronavirus outbreak. That brings the total number of cases in China to more than 66,000, and the number of deaths to 1,523 
Once again, official virus case numbers from China show a significant drop Hubei new cases fell from 2420 yesterday to 1843 today Wuhan new cases fell from 1923 yesterday to 1548 today Non-Wuhan Hubei new cases fell from 497 yesterday to 295 today Really? (source: Hubei gov't)
#China #Coronavirus #COVID19 Chinese doctors say a patient who has recovered from the virus and gets it again is more likely to die. Re-catching the virus would increase the risk of a heart 
Yangtze River is China’s longest river, winding 6,300 km west to east across the country. Take a cruise along Yangtze River from Chongqing to Yichang or from Yichang to Chongqing is the perfect way to experience Yangtze culture and its people, especially the Three Gorges Dam. 
The Bidens China deals are very similar to their Ukraine deals. They flew via AF 2 to China. 2 wks later, Hunter's firm inked a $1B, increased to $1.5B, private equity deal. No way an, "above board" VP would conspire with his 0 exper. on on such a deal.  …
Japan has seen an increase in #coronavirus patients "from people with no direct connection to China," a possible sign that the virus is spreading inside the country.  …
CHINA HUBEI REPORTS 1,843 NEW CASES, 139 NEW DEATHS FEB. 15
Take back control and give it to China. Ye gods and little fishes. What a joke.  …
"China Trade War Walloped More Than Half of U.S. States in 2019"  
Percent of women  Board of Director France: 43.4% Norway: 42.1% Sweden: 36.3% Italy: 34% Germany: 31.9% UK: 27.2% Canada: 25.8% Spain: 22% US: 21.7% Colombia: 15.1% India: 13.8% Turkey: 13.4% China: 9.7% Japan: 5.3% S Korea: 2.1% (WEF)
The US office of the Director of National Intelligence has posted job listings seeking PHDs to evaluate threats to the US dollar. We all know the US will go to war with any country that drops or threatens to drop the dollar. China and Russia are threatening to drop the dollar
Have yet to see the Vatican stand up for religious freedom in China. Certainly not a peep on Xinjiang.  …
This should be read by all. We need to be prepared. Defense Secretary Esper: China Rising Threat to World Order  … #Newsmax via @Newsmax
According to #Iran’s ministry of health, there are currently 35 cases of #CoronaVirus patients in the country who are in quarantine. In a letter sent to @HassanRouhani the deputy minister is asking to stop all travels and imports from China. Note:This is not public. 
This is false. China is not even the largest foreign supplier of essential pharmaceuticals. It’s Europe.  …
While America has been busy pulling back from global institutions, China has maximised its influence over UN machinery. The CCP abhors a vacuum. That’s been obvious for a while, but recent events at ICAO/WHO have demonstrated alarming levels of organisational capture.
World's biggest experiment in working from home now underway in China due to #coronavirus - what legal implications / precedents exist outside China if this spreads? Natalie Pierce Garry Mathiason Littler 
Is there a single industry, or even any  that is insulated from China? Is there any sense in which our economy can function if China goes into shutdown mode?  …
Are China’s official reports, including claims that its control efforts are succeeding & epidemic will soon peak, credible? Omens look bad. China now faces international vilification and potential domestic unrest as it blunders through continued cover-ups  …
China reports over 2K new cases of coronavirus, 143 deaths -  … 
Just published: My take on how tightly the official tallies of the #COVID19 epidemic in China have tracked with political machinations in the #XiJinping government. Can any of the numbers be  …
Republican Senators reintroduced legislation that would require US universities to disclose all large foreign donations made to their institutions. This bill was created in large part as a response to #China's Confucius Institutes (CI).  …
China is literally cleaning its money to stop the spread of coronavirus 
Brand New Report Just Out! Nearly 10k Military Personnel From 110 Nations In #Wuhan China Weeks Before Coronavirus Outbreak! #Coronavirus #COVID19 Please Share Everywhere!  
no this is china and you're corona virus.  …
Note that Russia (with its own Soviet history of bio weapons inc plague, anthrax, viruses etc) closed its border with China on Jan 30...and noting Russia & China are in the #DragonBear pact & Russia earns USD from leasing agricultural land to China  …
Vatican inching closer to cutting ties w/Taiwan - where 23 million people enjoy religious freedom - in order to establish relations with China, where the Chinese Communist Party relentlessly persecutes Christians, Muslims, Jews and Falun Gong.  …
Coronavirus Cripples Communist China, But US Lab Needed Only 3 Hours To Find Vaccine: Report  …
Hard to convey the scale of the coronavirus crackdown in China, but this does a pretty good job:  …
Absolutely amazing thread. In response to coronavirus, China has mobilized state power on a colossal scale, shutting down much of the entire country. The amount of manpower, logistics, and social control involved in this effort is difficult to imagine.  …
WATCH: U.S. Attorney General William Barr said the United States and its allies should consider taking a ‘controlling stake’ in Finland’s Nokia and Sweden’s Ericsson to counter China-based Huawei’s dominance  
Hello, there is your unroll: Thread by @paulmozur: To stop the spread of the coronavirus much of China has effectively shut down. What’s not been…  …. Share this if you think it's interesting.
History shows socialism is an ideology of failure Germany North Korea ☭ The Soviet Union Cambodia Venezuela Cuba China Vietnam Romania So why does the Left believe socialism will work in America? 
And here’s the latest from our own @SopanDeb on the NBA’s seasonlong tensions with China ... which are sure to be addressed tonight when  Adam Silver gives his annual All-Star State of the League address  …
Bitcoin prices are surging, and the altcoin market is on a tear. Does it have anything to do with the coronavirus in #China?  …
Mini Mikes fortune is tied to China. He has to get rid of Trump to save his empire.  …
What disparate views. I keep reading articles about how China is basically on full shut down. I then read an article saying their GDP could drop to 2-3% in a really bad case scenario. Somebody dropped acid in my coffee. The supply shock looks really huge to me (and others).
NEW REPORT: Oil & gas development on our public lands is set to generate more than half of the annual emissions of China — the world's worst emitter. Handing our public lands over to Big Oil will drive us to climate catastrophe.  …
New today w/ @bylenasun: Coronavirus has sparked a health crisis, a diplomatic fiasco & an economic mess. And it has exposed major vulnerabilities in the global supply chain for medical supplies, which relies heavily on China. Take surgical masks:  …
Not hard to know why China is 4 years ahead of NSW 15YO students in maths. The Strategic Direction of our schools, with few exceptions, does not aim for "Achieving Academic Growth". Schools aim at social goals: engagement, wellbeing, 'self-starting learners', growth mindset etc.
Why have we not evacuated all the Nigerians in China yet?
#BREAKING: China introduced death penalty for hiding the symptoms of #coronavirus or distorting information about the condition of a sufferer. The authorities have forbidden those with a fever or a caugh to use public transport - medias. #COVID19 #WuhanOutbreak #2019nCoV #China 
Its cancellation imperils co-operation to fight jihadists and restrain China 
Pontifical High Mass at the Throne with His Eminence, Joseph Cardinal Zen. Pray for the Church in China and for Cardinal Zen! 
DIM SUM SUMMIT: Hundreds of people packed China Pearl in Boston’s Chinatown Saturday morning to show business owners support. Food over fear. #DINEWITHCHINATOWN #Boston #Asian #AsianAmerican #Coronavirus 
Many of the #Coronavirus  out of #China are from citizens such as #ChenQiushi & #FangBin. Now, both are missing and presumably held by Chinese police. As always, #CCP’s top priority is silencing criticism. It’s the #Communist Way.  …
~10% of the entire human species is in some form of lock-down over #coronavirus, for which the data being reported from China is fraudulent.  …
Russia blames the United States for creating the Coronavirus to target China!—Liberal Democratic Party of Russia party told a Moscow radio station that the coronavirus was an American bioweapon or a big plot by  to get richer!  …
Very excited for this one. Church Militant Producer . @WFEMahoney sitting down with . @CardJosephZen discussing state of the Church, Vigano, China and more! 
Is #CoronaVirus really a bio-weapons experiment gone wrong? It is hard for full facts and real numbers  out of China. And yet, each day this is getting bigger.  …
To be clear, Bernie Sanders wants what CHINA has - STATE CAPITALISM. He wants the US government - the State - taking over (nationalizing) Fortune  & making the CEOs part of the government. This has nothing to do w “Marxism” or workers rights but about TOTAL CONTROL.
Expert: China Has ‘Global Chokehold‘ on Medicine, Can Shut Down Our Pharmacies, Hospitals in Months  via @BreitbartNews
Harvard Business School Professor Willy Shih expects disruptions for nations trying to buy or sell goods in China 
Democrats will force all men to have VASECTOMY at 50 under proposed Alabama law: A vasectomy bill. Like the Nazis sterilization laws land the Communist China's one-child policy. #Trump2020Landslide against Democrat totalitarianism  
Man China seems to be really overreacting to this considering that Twitter tells me this disease is no worse than the flu.  …
"The Chinese professor Xu Zhangrun, who published a rare public critique of President Xi Jinping over China’s coronavirus crisis, has now been barred from social media, and his friends have not been able to contact him for several days"  …
When China Labor Watch confronted Ivanka Trump's brand with charges of labor abuses at its Chinese suppliers,  refused to engage. It made no public effort to investigate the allegations: forced overtime, pay as low as $1 an hour, and crude verbal and physical abuse
Defense Secretary Mark Esper on Saturday issued a stark warning that allies in Europe must “wake up” to the threat posed by China’s rapid military advances, which will eventually make Beijing “the preeminent global military power.”  …
The CCP r not the ppl of China, let's remember that!
Vatican, China, hold extremely rare high-level diplomatic meeting  . This is worth watching. Amid China's crackdown on religion, the Vatican should hear from the  that it should stand by Taiwan.
Sold your private big data to your enemy absolutely not a smart decision. Time to stop everythg deal with China. 
China has today reported a massive increase in the number of its citizens infected by #covid19 after changing how it counts cases to include people who are less seriously 
Now even old bank notes are being quarantined in China 
Xi says China must keep economic, social order while battling coronavirus  
China is battling the coronavirus outbreak with grass-roots mobilization, essentially entrusting front line epidemic prevention to a supercharged version of a neighborhood watch 
An unusual and upbeat view of Africa from @Newsweek: Black China: Africa's first superpower  sooner than you think  …
*Horrific* Viewers Discretion Advised, This is Not Burma, China or Israel this is happening in India. 15th December 2019. #JamiaMilliaIslamia Just recieved this recovered footage from an internal source at 
To our #OWL2020 family in China, we're thinking about you Here's a message from our players 
China, she is slipping backwards at an astonishing rate. “The post-apocalypse is here. It’s just not evenly distributed yet.” - el DW  …
Russia building homes in Crimea= not a threat to peace China building in Tibet= not a threat to peace Turkey building in Cyprus= not a threat to peace Morocco building in W Sahara=not a threat to peace It's ONLY considered a threat to peace when JEWS build homes. WHY?
As China and the world try to stop the spread of the novel coronavirus, the fight against another deadly disease, Ebola, has reached an encouraging "milestone," the World Health Organization said 
One must ask: Is this the normal reaction to a flu virus? B R I A N K O L F A G E on Instagram: “More bodies in China!! Just kidding it’s California and it’s happening now! #coronavirus”  …
The virus in China can effect our generic drugs and antibiotics. Seems it is just as important for pharmaceuticals to produce drugs here than in China. It gives China too much of a hold on us. We want to not be oil dependent so why are we drug dependent?
Here's how China can join the human race: 1. Stop grabbing land from small neighbours. 2. Stop eating wild animals and infecting the planet. Snakes and wolf pups are not part of human diet. 3. Ditch jehadi pals. When your only 'friend' is Pakistan you are screwed and isolated.  …
Changes in how China counts how many people are sick with a new respiratory virus is confusing experts who can't tell if the epidemic is getting worse or not. 
The World Health Organisation faces criticism over its “delayed” response to the new #coronavirus, amid questions over its relationship with #China. It's no secret the numbers have been downplayed, this outbreak is a global ticking time bomb.  …
'All these accusations against China are LIES'- #Beijing rebukes #Pompeo’s China allegations 
Opportunity to express solidarity with China on efforts to fight #Coronavirius and exchange with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi on bilateral EU- China relations, #multilateralism & #climatechange ahead of  EU-China summit. Discussed also china’s important role on 
More than 20,000 healthcare providers across China are in Wuhan fiighting against the coronavirus epidemic. More than 75% are nurses and 90% are women. Nurses deserse the world’s respect and support @SigmaNursing @ICNurses @suilee  …
How will China react to the possibility of a coronavirus-induced economic dip? @RanaForoohar explains what Beijing is likely to do--& what limitations it faces. You can see my full conversation w/ a panel of experts on GPS, @10am & 1pm ET Sunday on 
As China and the world try to stop the spread of the novel coronavirus, the fight against another deadly disease, Ebola, has reached an encouraging "milestone," the World Health Organization said 
A woman who survived 10 months in one of China’s brutal internment camps for Muslims is facing deportation back to China  …
"China has a strong scientific discovery system." Here's why the executive director of the @WHO's Health Emergencies Program thinks China has "the best chance of understanding" the 
China Has ‘Global Chokehold’ on Medicine, Can Shut Down Our Pharmacies, Hospitals in Months! 85% of America’s strategic national stockpile of medicines and medical supplies depends on China, We have to diversify away from China..  via @BreitbartNews
If you’ve recently returned from China, know the symptoms of #2019nCoV. These include mild to severe respiratory illness with: • Fever • Cough • Shortness of breath Learn more:  
Anarchism: the realization that you are far more likely to be invaded by the United States than by China.
Yesterday I proposed a bill that would further restrict the ability for  to sell to Huawei. China is not an ally, they are constantly trying to tap into our intelligence and steal our data and im glad to see the Pentagon shift it’s stance.  …
Panel C shows coinfections in COVID-19 (note pre-print; patients in China). Low percentages for influenza & rhinovirus. No surprise that co-infections occur. Justifies not excluding COVID-19 in someone at risk, just because you've detected an alternative explanation e.g. flu.  …
In 2018 Saudi Arabia splurged $68bn on military kit, more than anyone bar America and China 
Beijing has ordered a mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers returning to the city, with novel coronavirus cases continuing to rise in China and international experts warning there's no immediate end in sight 
Lest we forget, #China is so much more than the #CoronaVirus! #Culture @Dahl_Consult @NevilleGaunt @AmandaRay02 @debraruh @kashthefuturist @LoriMoreno @sallyeaves @archonsec @helene_wpli @alvinfoo @Fabriziobustama @AkwyZ @DigitalFawad @BillMew  …
The globalist “free traders” have boxed us into a corner with our supply chains of #pharmaceuticals. Even in the unlikely event #coronavirus remains contained to China, there’s a high likelihood of shortages given our current dependence.  …
Medical  the coronavirus in China say many of their colleagues have gone from treating patients to  patients themselves. @David_Culver reports.  
U.S. defense secretary tells world leaders China is Pentagon's "top concern" - CBS News  …
2,575 lbs of illicit fentanyl intercepted at the border last year was enough to kill every living American man woman and child 1.75 times. How about 25.75 TONS of illicit fentanyl powder  from China to the Sinaloa Cartel in Mexico?  …
not sure if this is #Coronavirus #quarantine related，but this is how law enforcement enforces power in China when they dont want u to sell fruit on street. face masks suggest it happens recently. just brutal  ignoring private property and eliminating human dignity 
China's finance ministry issues $1.2 billion in funds for epidemic control efforts  
Not a day goes without America’s politicians, think tanks, and media crying about China or Huawei. The US has  a weak, insecure, jealous and paranoid country that also thinks it’s entitled to be #1 forever. Completely disconnected from reality  …
Meet dad-and-daughter Richard and Chloe Fabic. Richard has gone into self-imposed quarantine at CFB Trenton so he can be with his 15-month-old daughter, who recently came back from Wuhan, China. #cdnpoli #covid19 
Next time mention that coronavirus has been traced to MAGA hats imported from China.
May God protect  these people. #China #CoronavirusOutbreak #Coronavirus
he sold 500k in china, got 80 #1s on apple music all despite the hate and constant attempts to sabotage him. if it was ANYONE else yall would be calling it a success
Walking back a mass mobilization will be tricky and undoubtedly take time and trust. Meanwhile there are consequences. Village roadblocks inhibit transport. Checkpoints scare those who should be checked. No idea how this all plays out, but China wil be different after. 
China: Let us in, we're fine bro 
Defense Secretary Mark Esper: "It is essential that we as an  wake up to the challenges presented by China’s manipulation of the long-standing international, rules-based order." 
U.S.A.: *Celebrity basketball player tragically dies.* Americans: "Don't criticize us right now, we're having a national tragedy! " China: *Trying their best to control a serious & deadly disease. * Americans: "Let's attack China"
*Half of the entire population of China (760 million people) under some kind of lockdown China: lol guis, it's ok, it's just a cough, open your airports, stop being racist omg
Device invented by Israeli doctor to be used to help treat patients with coronavirus in China  …
Join me at 2:40 PM ET on #FoxNews with @ArthelNeville @EricShawnTV. Will talk #ChinaCoronaVirus. The more we try to find out, the less we know. Why is #China #XiJinping censoring information and rebuffing outside help?
Don't forget, if Creepy Joe or any democrat was President today, we would be dealing with a mass infection of the China virus right now in the USA. All the Dem candidates stated they wouldn't have closed the borders to China travelers. They actually called it xenophobic.
Ooo I’m on at the Fairfield Halls in Croydon in half an hour, the new refurbished modern glitzy Fairfield Halls in upmarket Stormzy Croydon, that is due to overtake China as an emerging superpower by September.
Huawei embedded spyware within the Firmware (software within the chips)! Amazon owns elemental who has contracts with the C_A, and DOD- these chips were found our Navy ships Matters of National Security China manufactures the hardware! Ban Huawei  …
The Flower of Life is a mathematical form that can be found as far back as 6500BC in Egypt at the Temple of Osiris. Also in the Forbidden City, China; synagogues in Galilee & in temples across India & Spain. Leonardo da Vinci rediscovered the form. It also occurs in cell division 
. @justinbieber's “Changes” has now sold over 500,000 copies in China. The album achieved this in only 38 hours. 
The White House doesn't trust China's coronavirus numbers. Here's why 
President Abbas tells China ambassador in Ramallah: "Palestine is ready to provide all possible help to stand with China in facing #coronavirus."
@ianbremmer is an American political scientist specializing in US foreign policy. In the interview with @anakasparian he talks about  relationship between China and the US. Watch the full video here:  … #yourMSC 
Ghauris/Mughals/Ghaznavis were not Turks but Central Asian Turkics who, according to some accounts, originated from Mangolia/Northern China. They had little to do with Turkish Empires, and came from present day Tajikistan, Uzbekistan and Afghanistan. Ghauris were of Tajik origin
China will soon  current problem of novel #coronavirus epidemic and emerge even stronger than before, senior UN official says  
“China Quarantines Cash to Sanitize Old Bank Notes From Virus.” As they’ll state to be even more a reason to secure currencies in Digital. There’s no physical contact in transactions from P2P & B2B. Speed & efficiency are the additional benefits, globally.  …
It’s one of the largest social control experiments ever anywhere, even in China. To do it, Beijing is relying on local party officials, police, and busybodies known as grid workers. They’ve effectively closed down many cities to outsiders. This is a station at a closed city: Yiwu 
1. While the S&P500 has gone on to new highs,  and China A-shares do not share the same enthusiasm... $SPX 
According to the OECD, China's middle class is expected to grow 45% to 1.2 billion people over the next decade. Its spending power "will be equivalent to the middle classes of North America and all of Western  Charlie Munger is no fool.  …
BREAKING NEWS | CORONAVIRUS Vietnam quarantines village of 10,000 over coronavirus. This is the first mass quarantine outside of China. Now that the initial panic is done, Westerners are back to  about washing hands, food hygiene and contact with infected 
Now seems like the perfect opportunity for Anti Vaxxers to go to China and prove everyone wrong...
On Feb. 10 all 2,257 guests & crew were temperature-tested; not one person had an elevated temp. Debarking  a health form, all passports were reviewed to ensure no one had traveled through mainland China. During the cruise, no indication of Covid-19 onboard. (2/2)
“If you talk to folks in the Pentagon, they say they’re no longer debating whether or not China is an enemy. They’re planning for war… and if you talk about cooperation, you’re [seen as] naïve.” ----  …
Coronavirus Outbreak Exposes China’s Monopoly on U.S. Drug, Medical Supplies 
Bill Barr: The “Cover-Up General” | The Village Voice #BuryBarr I had not realized Barr started @CIA as a China analyst. Certainly raises unpleasant possibilities  …
Shortly after Brexit, Coronavirus (which seems to be an engineered virus "accidentally" released from a biolab) has created a national emergency in China and ground economic activity to a halt.  …
To stop the spread of the coronavirus much of China has effectively shut down. What’s not been fully appreciated is how extensive the closures are. By our calculations 760 million are living under some kind of residential lockdown.  …
#GlobalvirusChina #Coronavirus Outbreak. Dr. #MarcSiegel says the amount of coronavirus cases in #China probably surpasses 100,000, far beyond what’s officially reported.  …
Latest on coronavirus spreading in China and beyond  
 to openness, transparency in fighting novel #coronavirus outbreak, Chinese Ambassador to U.S. says  
A prominent British lawmaker has warned that allowing China's state-run railway to build a high-speed rail line linking London with central and northern England would be “extremely questionable. 
My first New York Post bylined column is in today’s paper! (I’ve been at the @nypost writing and editing editorials since December.) It’s about a novel way to counter China—and features my trip to Finland last year.  
Few things piss me off... Received some videos from the situation in China that are both disgusting, outraging and ... i have no words. I decided not to share. But man... What a country... trust me on this one. That government has no morals, no God. The real world is brutal.
"You don't want the world to go crazy." - Trump says the coronavirus will “go away” by April and insists that China has handled the epidemic “very professionally.”  …
You've probably seen cowries before, but have you ever seen the animal alive?? They're a type of sea snail, and they're totally gorgeous. Over 3000 years ago their shells were used as currency in China! 
Now for a primer on how statisticians detect cheating: “A statistical analysis of China’s coronavirus casualty data shows a near-perfect prediction model that data analysts say isn’t likely to naturally occur.” 99.99% R^2?!  …
Estimated number of new billionaires over next ten years: China: 448 India: 238 US: 147 Russia: 63 Australia: 25 Hong Kong: 22 Canada: 13 South Korea: 13 Switzerland: 12 Japan: 11 (AfrAsia Bank Global)
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION CONSIDERS HALTING ENGINE DELIVERIES TO CHINA -- SOURCE
The White House is considering halting deliveries of jet engines coproduced by GE for use on a new Chinese airliner. Trump’s China hawks could be about to cause a huge headache for a major American manufacturer. From @bobdavis187 and  …
ICYMI: Calling China the biggest threat to America, U.S. Attorney General William Barr said the United States should consider putting its ‘financial muscle’ behind Finland's Nokia and Sweden's Ericsson to counter Huawei  
BREAKING: Israel-invented 'CoughSync' machine to treat coronavirus patients in China. Still sure that boycotting the Jewish state is the way to go? 
Tursunay Ziyawudun Escaped One Of #China's Brutal Internment Camps for #Muslims. Now She Could Be Send Back. #Kazakhstan, don't send her back! @SecPompeo @StateDept  … #SaveUyghur #ConcentrationCamps #NeverAgain #China #Xinjiang #EastTurkistan #Uighur
Twenty thousand people are converting to Islam in China after the fact that coronavirus does not infect Muslims, watch the video below and see 
If this is true, then China's official mortality rate for coronavirus is vastly underestimated. That means it's much more lethal than China is admitting. Folks, be smart. Be prepared. China is basically shut down.  …
NEW: As coronavirus cases soar in China, the dilemma facing this Texas maker of surgical masks exposes major weaknesses in global supply chain of critical protective gear (PPE) needed to keep health workers safe--abroad and in U.S. Me and 
View of #Hazara Motorway #KP #CPEC #China #Pakistan Economic Corridor 
I’m in China at the moment witnessing a total disaster caused by the bloody virus. I really do hope it will never hurt those who I care about. You guys, I mean.  …
Wtf is this guy saying. China hasnt changed in decades? Lmao... 
A Cal State University Northridge student who travelled to China to study Mandarin is now among those trapped overseas in the midst of the nation's COVID-19 crisis.  …
This story has been circulating for a while now. If it's true it goes a long way to explain the massive reaction by China to contain the virus. Coronavirus bombshell: ‘REAL cause’ of outbreak claim - Chinese scientists break cover 
Baby born to coronavirus patient in China tests NEGATIVE for the killer disease - despite fears it can be passed on in the womb 
If Brazil’s “grain train”  China’s next Belt and Road project, what will it mean for the Amazon rainforest? @melissakchan and Heriberto Araujo  …
Most kids in China who want to get rich know to do it through business, whereas in America most kids who want to get rich think they need to  a famous rapper or basketball player despite having virtually a 0.0001% chance. We need to create a culture of business.
China is using its centuries-old traditional medicine on patients affected by the coronavirus disease, a top health official said — Results: none  …
The streets in #China may be empty of people but the ravens aren't afraid of the #Wuhan #Coronavirus. These are Crows and they love carcass - Death? #Darkness 
China’s Foreign Minister tries USA as Voldemort, The Country Who Must Not Be Named  …
Great time and turnout at @wutrain organized Dim Sum at China Pearl—and made lots of other plans to be back supporting Chinatown businesses!  – at China Pearl Restaurant
Its considered "cool" in China to finish school, create a factory with your friends and create products they can sell to other countries and get rich. They get their engineer friends to design the product and get injection molds to create it. We need to foster this in America.
Obama Bowed to Saudi, Japan and China and flipped the bird to America. How is that any different than Trudeau Bowing to Iran and essentially showing his distain for Canada and lack of respect to 57 Canadians killed by Iran? Dena Gallant, Canada Matters 
Sergey Lavrov held a meeting with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi on the sidelines of the @MunSecConf. #Russia #Lavrov #PRC #China #Diplomacy 
China issues measures to support manufacturers, businesses hit by coronavirus  
Medical staff in full protective gear got quarantined #COVID19 patients to dance but their graceful moves can’t hide the health crisis China is facing. #Coronavirus infections reached 66,492 
Misinformation & racist fearmongering about the #coronavirus won’t stop us from going to one of the best neighborhoods in Boston. Thank you @wutrain @nina_liang for hosting an amazing dim sum brunch at China Pearl! Get out there and support your local Chinatown! #mapoli 
Four Kids of a family spent all their pocket money on masks to support China's battle against the #coronavirus. 'Once together, always together!' #PakStandsWithChina @MFA_China @SpokespersonCHN 
I wish I were kidding. China's Artificial Intelligence network of surveillance systems that is in the JUSTICE DEPARTMENT RICO REPORT AGAINST HUAWEI is called...Ready for it, ... SKYNET. ...Terminator, 1984, Schwarzenegger, Trump recently RT'd... So much we don't know.  …
>The average buffer inventory for the pharmaceutical industry is between three and six months >A Department of Commerce study that found that 97 percent of all antibiotics in the United States came from China. 
TOYOTA MOTOR CORP SAYS IT PLANS TO RESUME OUTPUT AT THREE OF ITS FOUR MAIN AUTO PLANTS IN CHINA NEXT WEEK
China’s Communist Party leader, Xi Jinping, issued internal orders about the coronavirus epidemic in early January, about two weeks before his first public remarks about the outbreak.  …
Now "money laundering" has a literal meaning: “Money from key virus-hit areas [in China] will be sanitized w/ UV rays or heated & locked up for at least 14 days, before it is distributed again” -- Fan Yifei, People’s Bank of China’s deputy governor.  …
An #Israeli invented a device to help children with acute respiratory challenges at a #Jerusalem-based hospital. Now, his device is going to be used to treat people with #coronavirus in China. Read the story by  …
 that carry goods from China to the rest of the world say they are reducing the number of seaborne vessels, as measures to stop the spread of the coronavirus crimp demand for their services and threaten to disrupt global supply chains 
A 67-day-old #baby on Saturday became China's youngest novel #coronavirus pneumonia patient to be cured and discharged from hospital so far.
Latest on coronavirus spreading in China and beyond  
Good idea - (in 2016) "Liu Zhenya, former chairman of China’s State Grid Corp., came to the United Nations to shed light on his nation’s solar ambitions...a plan aimed at organizing a global power grid."  …
Which country puts the most plastic in the ocean? Hint: It's NOT the U.S. Pollution in annual metric tons: China: 8.8m Indonesia: 3.2m Philippines: 1.9m Sri Lanka: 1.6m Thailand: 1.0m Bangladesh: 0.8m United States: 0.3m 
#ChinaCommunistParty is evil. Suppress & dictate over the weak. They are bullies, and control by fear. #HKers put up a brave fight against this brutal authoritarian regime, refuse to submit to oppressions & tyranny. If we show weakness, we will  #China’s slaves forever! .  …
We are a Constitutional Republic Rob. Learn your history. The only cancer on our Republic is the very thought of Socialism/Communism, which will NEVER EVER happen! We didn't FIGHT for Socialism or Govt Control!!! Look @Venezuela and China people starving and dying!
China will build  epidemic emergency response system: CCTV  
eunseo with china line 
An interesting Republican case for #ClimateAction by Senator @LindseyGrahamSC: “-There are ways to grow the economy while significantly cutting carbon emissions. The county that breaks that code first, wins. I want that winner to be the US, not China!” #MSC2020. Cool!  – at Hotel Bayerischer Hof
China Quarantines Cash to Sanitize Old Bank Notes From Virus  …
China has instituted massive quarantines to keep the coronavirus from spreading. How are citizens reacting, & what does the broad effort mean for China's high-tech surveillance state? @annafifield explains. See the full conversation tomorrow on GPS, @10am & 1pm ET on 
"East asian" is not a coherent class, if that's the right word. Anyone who has ever given a cursory look at the history of china/ korea/ japan knows they should not be grouped together tbh
China has a chokehold on our Pharmacies and Hospitals? This IS a Communist/Socialist Country and this is Not a good thing at all.  …
As a Pinoy, caught my eye seeing Philippine President Duterte trending, & seeing him apparently all for Trump getting re-elected. LOL!!! Duterte & Trump are like a match made in heaven!! And the Philippine gov't wants to shut down a TV network as well!! China, Russia, watch out!!  …
Captain America spotted in Beijing, China 
great. Boost India Dump China  …
Pompeo to the Nat'l Gov Assoc mtg re China "They’ve labeled each of you friendly, hardline or ambiguous... Many of you indeed, in the report are referenced by name.” @MikeBloomberg @HillaryClinton @GovernorVA  … #youhavebeenwarned  …
This, in a picture, is why all the Team-Greta people are such a fraud. Until they start to move on China and ROW where the problem actually is, they are best seen as the old self-loathing Western leftists they are, looking for a home since Communism (mostly) went out of style.  …
New video! I visited a 500 person factory in Shenzhen, China that makes $100,000 architectural models, using 3d printers, laser cutters, cnc mills, and a lot of old school craftsmanship. You're not gonna want to miss this one. Go watch:  
China Coronavirus: Tough Realities & Possibility of Global Pandemic—Epidemic Reporter Laurie Garrett - YouTube. Direct link to Laurie Garret’s interview on the Coronavirus, excellent thoughts & advice from an expert on epidemics .  …
“It may be by far that the vast majority of people are those who died at home,” said Michael Osterholm, director of @CIDRAP. “We may never know how many people have died from this disease in China. I don’t think we ever will.”  …
Research in full gear on #COVID19 in China. @WHO @rd_blueprint convenes experts to set research priorities, develops standard protocols & definitions, and review data to inform clinical decision making. @amymaxmen @NIHDirector @CMO_England @takeshi_kasai  …
Besides buying lots of influencers endorsements, does anyone think that the millions of soda drinkers and gun owners and straw users and tax payers in this country will really vote for Bloomberg? Not to mention Pro Life Advocates& blue collar workers whose jobs moved to China.
A Uighur woman made it out of one of Xinjiang’s notorious internment camps and crossed the border— legally— to Kazakhstan. Now, because of a bureaucratic visa quirk, she could be forced to return to China. My latest  …
Much remains unknown about the novel coronavirus ripping through China, but one thing is certain. The disease can cast a storm over the whole human body. 
“It’s better to die standing than live kneeling.” Vincent came to Hong Kong from mainland China as a teenager. He’s been taking part in months of pro-democracy protests, he’s worried about the future of his city. The Battle for Hong Kong. Sunday, 10:15pm on 
Socialism failed in: Germany ☭ The Soviet Union Cambodia Cuba China Vietnam North Korea Romania Venezuela So why does the Left believe socialism will work in America? 
Today I learned on Twitter that apartheid was not a crime against humanity because: (a) the Soviets slaughtered millions (b) China is oppressive (c) Mugabe took away land and (d) there are farm murders in SA. It's been enlightening.
China has kungfu, Thailand Taekwondo, Japan karate, in Uganda we bite and pull of wigs what does yo country have?
How China Is Secretly Changing Everyone’s Maps (and with 5G will change so much more)  via @YouTube
This seems like preparation, I’m against Big Brother but at this point the world is China uses S. America to attack us with “immigrants” often. I wouldn’t be surprised if wants to use infected humans as ‘weapons.’ Attacks will only intensify.  …
This Coronavirus... the way it is crossing borders and continents and its rising indiscriminate death toll clearly proves that the narrative that it was created to stop China's global march and ascendence false. Well, China's economy is definitely going to be hit the most anyway
Over the last 5 years, giant clam harvesting, dredging, and artificial island building have decimated over 40,000 acres of coral reefs in the South China Sea. Learn about the South China Sea's dark fishing fleets:  
Please vote for Taehyung. This will be a tough battle since Xiao Zhan is a huge actor in China. Voting is unlimited. Make sure  the Captcha so your vote will count. Thank you! #Taehyung #BTSV  …
Outbreak of a dangerous virus has consumed 100s of lives in China, it has made thousands & lacs losing their livelihood. A human being (?) shouldn't be looking for positive economic impact of the grave tragedy faced by fellow humans.  …
When General Electric outsources jobs, it raves about China. When GE wants to pay $0 in taxes for eight straight years, or needs a $16 billion bailout, it doesn't talk about China. GE goes to the taxpayers of the United States for its welfare checks.  …
Xi says China must keep economic, social order while battling coronavirus  
Jeff M. Smith: Who threatens whom? China kept passing laws to prevent U.S. market access. China kept harassing U.S. warships operating legally in international waters. It spares no effort to steal secrets from  It's China, not the U.S., that threatens others.  …
Growing calls for free speech in China following secrecy around public health crisis. HT ⁦ @Sarah_G_Cook⁩ of ⁦ @freedomhouse⁩ for excellent quote in ⁦  …
China has registered 80+ #COVID19 trials, testing HIV drugs, stem cells, traditional Chinese medicines, survivor serum, etc. After all, 1381 people have died. @WHO is trying to set trial standards & organizing their own. My latest #coronavirus @NatureNews  …
#China beats #US in key patents to secure technological dominance – report  
#NEW on #OANN: France's health minister announces an 80-year-old man who visited China has died in a Paris hospital, marking the first #coronavirus death in Europe
Heriberto Araújo and I first met covering the ethnic riots in Urumqi, Xinjiang. A decade later, we've partnered together and headed to the Amazon — to cover another China story. Thank you to the @pulitzercenter for supporting our 
Class Act #MariaZakharova blasts xenophobic western journos who disrespected #China and the #Chinese people over the 
China’s crisis exposes a badly flawed model — Central control and fear of reprisal have made it much more difficult to deal with the coronavirus outbreak By  …
Trump says the coronavirus will be "all gone" in April because heat kills it. But it's 90 degrees in China where the worst outbreaks are. So much for the Idiot-in-Chief understanding the gravity of the situation. He cut the budget for the CDC disease control in the US. @potus
Ziyawudun gives a detailed account of the mysterious camps. China restricts access for journalists in Xinjiang, which makes it difficult to verify details she describes. But her story dovetails closely with accounts of camp survivors we’ve interviewed.  …
Wow.... BREAKING: Coronavirus Outbreak Exposes China’s Monopoly on U.S. Drug, Medical Supplies.  …
The extremely virulent coronavirus which is sweeping through China's Hubei province like wildfire will eventually gain a foothold in the United States -  a 'community virus' this year or next, according to CDC Director Dr. Robert Redfield. 
From @USPacificFleet: TAIWAN STRAIT (Feb. 15, 2020) Bridge watchstanders safely navigate the waters transiting from the East China Sea to South China Sea aboard USS Chancellorsville (CG 62). Chancellorsville is forward-deployed to  …
#Coronavirus: Hundreds march in Hong Kong against plans for quarantine centres as China border remains partially open  …
For long @swadeshimanch has been raising voice to make efforts for stop Chinese dumping, which has killed domestic API industry and caused dependence on China. We shouldn’t forget that health security is no less important than border security. Sooner we understand better it is.  …
Tursunay Ziyawudun spent much of her 39th year in the terror of the brutal internment camps China built to repress Muslims. Then she got out. She thought she was free from the nightmare. Now she’s facing deportation back to China.  …
'The West is winning,' U.S. tells China; France wary  
China (outside Hubei) & rest of world may be 1-2 mos behind Hubei. Mild/asymptomatic cases elsewhere not being picked up and/or majority of transmission happening via superspreading events. Countries need sentinel surveillance & plan for handling asx/mild cases. - @T_Inglesby
And/or are many mild or asymptomatic cases present in high numbers elsewhere but don’t have diagnostic tools or strategy in most places to find them beyond China travelers? Substantial percent of pts testing positive on cruise ship are asymptomatic  … (11/x)
Rosescouldn’t be sold for Valentine’s day so the farmer decided to destroy them. This kind of sums up the economic situation in #China right now. #coronavirusoutbreak  …
USS Chancellorsville CG-62 conducts normal underway operations transiting from the East China Sea to the South China Sea, via Taiwan Strait, on Feb. 15, 2020. 
Wuhan continues to be the main source of new infections. Number of possible explanations for this, including: outbreaks in other parts of China and world are still early in their epi curves, with Wuhan having a 1-2 month lead on all of them? (8/x)
Virus could derail Xi Jinping’s dreams of a Chinese century — Confronting an outbreak requires more than just an ability to throw up hospitals in a few days; it needs trust. And from the beginning, China’s public response to the virus has raised questions  …
Important for China to assess whether some of its containment measures are making it more difficult to provide safe medical care for the hospitalized. (7/x)
Central banking authorities of China are disinfecting, stashing & reportedly even destroying cash in effort to stop #coronavirus. Cash collected  banks must be disinfected before being released back to customers. -People’s Bank of China  …
Reuters exclusive: Senior China diplomat concedes challenge of coronavirus, slams 'overreaction'.  …
My hood name growing up was China doll lol if you from the hood everyone has a nickname. No I  up with the name
Some Chinese Armys  forward with receipts of BH doing promo for Ego in China and Japan, but absolutely nothing for Shadow, we are just sharing the info with you guys.  …
China announced more than 1700 HCWs were infected, 6 have died.  … This is very concerning news. (2/x)
China Pearl is PACKED! #DineWithChinatown #bospoli 
Respect must be earned. @JustinTrudeau has earned none. If his last name was Smith we would never have heard of him, so scant are his  & abilities. And a temporary UN seat that can easily be overridden by Russia & China is a vamity project pure & simple.  …
Yeah. It would be terrible if China invaded us, all our stores would be full of Chinese made products... Seriously though, you might be too dense to be on my timeline. In fact, you are. Lemme fix that for you. 
While we’re talking Chinese espionage in the US, I’d like to also know what Beijing rec'd from the Trump/Kushner families in return after greenlighting Ivanka’s trademarks in China, and allowing Jared’s sister to do business there.
Ruling elites in Washington have formed a fanatical anti-China axis. They are tearing down international system, casting a shadow over the 21st century. Beijing’s restraint and forbearance is obvious to the world. China is trying hard to avoid escalation of conflicts with the US.  …
Thanks, @NikkiHaley. We must find, prosecute, and punish #China's spies. They should all get life terms, preferably in the Federal facility in Florence, Colorado. And if USP Florence is not big enough, I'll donate towards building another supermax.  …
A suggestion: why not cancel Huawei’s involvement in G5 but allow China to build HS2  That might keep the US, China and us all happy.
This video, posted on YouTube by China Science Communication in December 2019 shows scientists from Wuhan Center of Disease Prevention and Control (with labs within 300m of Wuhan's Huanan Seafood Market) collecting bat samples to test for viruses.  …  
Now even old bank notes are being quarantined in China 
This seems quite newsworthy. Where is this info of 1,000 open China-related cases being investigated by the  from? How would Ms. Haley, a private citizen, know about multiple sensitive open investigations in State, DIA, and CIA?  …
pics from a Chinese 
Wang Yi: All US' accusations against China are lies, not facts. But if US is the accused, then these charges  facts and truths. We hope US not to lose its confidence and reason. 
The leader of the World Health Organization says the agency is concerned about the growing number of virus cases in China, but also encouraged that the country's efforts to contain the outbreak "appear to have bought the world time.” 
Hey, those belong to US! Angola seizes a half-billion dollars(US$532million) of 1000 buildings built with public funds in Luanda under dos Santos regime but owned by China International Fund and China International Fund Angola.  
As of Friday, China has transported 2,000 tons of frozen #pork reserves to #Wuhan amid epidemic to increase market supply, said Chinese National Development and Reform 
Hundreds of people are packed into the China Pearl restaurant for a “dim sum brunch”—a joint effort between Boston and the city of Quincy—to allay coronavirus fears. 
The most memorable whoppin from my mom: I had seen on Ed, Edd, & Eddy that they dug to China. So while me & my sister were home I went outside to dig to China. My mom pulls up from work & I'm neck deep in the front yard proud of the progress I say "We should be there by tonight" 
Despite #CoronavirusOutbreak in neighboring #China, Tokyo 2020 CEO Toshiro Muto has no plans for moving or canceling the 2020 #Tokyo Summer #Olympic games scheduled in just over five months (Jul 24-Aug 9) What's your opinion? #COVID19 #nCoV @WHO @CDCgov @realDonaldTrump @VP
I CANNOT BELIEVE HORIKOSHI! IS HE CONDONING DOMESTIC VIOLENCE?! HE JUST BURNT HER!? Fuck Horikoshi. First China, now this? WHO ISN’T THIS MOTHERFUCKER TRYING TO PISS OFF? 
#COVID19 morning update: 67,097 cases reported (99% in China & 81% in Hubei Province) 1537 deaths (95% in Hubei province). US still with 15 cases but > 600 PUIs. 218 cases on board @PrincessCruises Diamond. Passengers will be evacuated soon including ~ 400 Americans.
As of 02.15 23:00 BJT, Chinese BLINKs have collected enough money to purchase 68,535 copies of BLACKPINK’s  album (non-shipping back + shipped back to China). 职业黑粉操盘手吧 
Tennieone first mini photobook collection — 陷阱 Deadline: 2020.02.25 All of the profit will be used for TEN’s 24th birthday project. Overseas/HK/MACAO/TW: tennieone0227@gmail.com (for Alipay users) Mainland China:  
Wang Yi: Many problems can be boiled down to this: US doesn't want to see rapid development and renewal of China, still less a successful socialist country in the world. 
Kashmir cannot be settled alone by India - it is not a major power like US, China & Russia. Kashmir has historical, international & human rights baggage. Better if it is done under Simla spirit before it gets late. The time may not be too far. Watch out!  …
“Together, stronger.” @FCBarcelona showed their support to China amid the #coronavirus outbreak before Saturday's kickoff. 
The real question is why WHO kowtows to China as much as it does? It's baffling.  …
Facts about #GaoFu, director of Chinese #CDC: He is a vet(who treats animals); he says in 2019 that a SARS-like epidemic, or "event", will never happen again in #China; he says (not sure when) British scientist's model which says 2K people had been infected by #COVID19 is 
#Coronavirus: Hey world. Did you know? If you build a hospital in just TEN DAYS, after TEN MORE DAYS, that same hospital begins to FALL APART. That's what's happening now in China 
Is he mad? Where are  form? Which party say #WuhanCoronavirus is under control? Who makes it worst? Why the world need to pay due to #WuhanCoronavirus? Finally,  at great cost to China itself! 
SUSPECTED case of the novel #coronavirus ( #covid19) in eSwatini (formerly Swaziland). My earlier post was not clear, and I deleted it - I do not want to contribute to misinformation. Person traveled from China through South Africa and was symptomatic. 
QUIZ: Name the NY billionaire who praised China, allegedly said things about female employees like, 'I’d like to do that piece of meat,' stayed in office DESPITE a 2-term limits policy, endorsed police targeting minorities, & called a reporter "a disgrace"  …
Not Just Ukraine; Biden May Have A Serious China Problem As Schweizer Exposes Hunter's $1bn Deal | Zero Hedge  …
Bring back #Pharmacy to U.S. Stop Outsourcing. Dangerous. Expert: China Has ‘Global Chokehold’ on Medicine, Can Shut Down Our Pharmacies, Hospitals in Months  …
In the race for 5G beware China state-owned Huawei: "This is the most insidious form of aggression, to have that line  5G, dominated by an autocratic government that does not share our values” - @SpeakerPelosi to Munich Security  …
Spot on. Communist China’s attempts to control #Taiwan is detrimental to international public health. As a global organization, all nations should be included in the WHO to ensure the accuracy of  …
Gen. Townsend speaks with @AU_Chergui, African Union Commissioner for Peace & Security, at the @MunSecConf. Townsend conducted a series of engagements focused on international partner roles in Africa, the rise of China and Russia, and the impact of malign activity. 
China offers to build HS2 in five years and for less money* *If the people who own the land can be treated like Chinese people who are in the path of new infrastructure  …
Tesla Motors - How Tesla Could Use Its $2B In Offering Cash: A Cybertruck Plant, China, Debt Payoff | Benzinga  …
Kathmandu: Nepal Government has sent Nepal Airlines’ Airbus A-330 to Wuhan, to evacuate their nationals from China amid #CoronaVirus 
China is taking its rivalry with the U.S. to another planet: Mars 
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said Friday that it is the United States that threatens China, not vice versa, thus the problem is to address the US threats.  
#ChinaToday in case you missed it - 1,524 dead, over 66,500 cases diagnosed in China  - 25,633 medics sent to coronavirus battleground Hubei  - Wang Yi calls for enhancing intl. coordination amid outbreak  
If #China's ambassadors, government officials, #CCP propagandists and now provincial governments are using Twitter, let ordinary Chinese people tweet too  …
These are new images of the deadly novel coronavirus released by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in the U.S. This is what you need to know about the spreading coronavirus that's killed more than 1,300 in China  
Start in the China Malls/Cities and the thousand cash businesses owned by foreign nationals in the informal sector that don’t pay taxes.  …
My serious  out when I discuss political candidates fear-mongering about #healthcare and how we have made ourselves vulnerable to #China amidst #Coronavirus. All issues my book Make America Healthy Again addresses, on pre-sale now.  … #MAHA 
Thousands of cats have been abandoned in China due to the coronavirus outbreak. This man is trying to save them. 
Arrival numbers from mainland China into HK via Shenzhen Bay checkpoint more than doubled in past week #CarrieLam fanning the fire while pretending to be putting out the fire #WuhanCoronavirus #COVIDー19 Credit, Apple 
Bloomberg is China First! Climate Change Crisis, Bad on Immigration, Bad on Gun Control! Bloomberg makes money from/with China! 
【Taehyung’s Data in China】 Today’s Aiman China Index: Top 1 among all korean artists Always top in China @BTS_twt #Taehyung #bts #방탄소년단뷔 
Album Changes by @justinbieber continues its amazing trip in China, cracking 500,000 units legally downloaded on its second day
rj: "hello! i'm huang renjun who came from china." jn: "nice to meet you." rj: "it's not... nice to meet you." jn: "why???" cuties 
Water leakage at #Huoshenshan Hospital in #Wuhan, built within 10 days (China Speed) to deal with the ever growing population of #COVID19 patients. One of the many scenes in #China during #CoronavirusOutbreak 十天建成的 #火神山医院 漏水了 #武汉肺炎 新冠肺炎 
Y'ALL CHINA DID THAT 
China's central bank has allocated 4 billion yuan (572 million U.S. dollars) in new banknotes to #Wuhan for #COVID19 epidemic prevention and control units, said People's Bank of China on Saturday 
Two of our reporters have spent weeks in quarantine—first in China and now in the U.S. Watch as they describe their experience from the California military base they’re confined to. 
China's first 100 megawatt solar plant, using 12,000 mirrors to harness the clean, renewable power of sunshine. We have solutions to the #ClimateCrisis we just need politicians and business to invest and support it. 
The World Health Organisation will lead a mission to China this weekend to start investigating the COVID-19 outbreak 
Communism takes decent human beings and turns them into monsters. #China #coronavirus  …
Sending love to the bear team in China looking after the beautiful #moonbears. Like this very old #BearInTheWindow we are looking out for you all until the crisis ends and we thank you all for your dedication. @AnimalsAsia  
How China’s Quest for Dominance Is an  Threat  …
"China doesn't need to ask to be praised," said WHO chief @DrTedros, standing by his appreciation of China's response to the outbreak at a COVID-19 daily briefing on February 12. 
#CooperazioneItaliana humanitarian flight departed from @unhrd logistic base in #Brindisi with 18 tons of medical health materials provided by the Italian cooperation @ItalyMFA and @AmbCina for the emergency response to #COVID19 in #China . 
China's vice foreign minister, Fu Ying, says it's the Chinese people who ultimately decide whether the government is serving them or not, as if Beijing gives them any say in the matter. The choice between silence and prison is not consent. 
 government took care of its military base in Wuhan 18 days before they ever admitted the coronavirus epidemic had begun in Wuhan. The good people of China will be outraged (at least those with VPNs). #WuFlu #Outbreak #coronaviruschina #china  …
The #WorldBank needs many things, but most importantly--and most urgently--it needs a housecleaning from top to bottom. Foreigners who have corrupted the bank, including those from #China, must be sent back. Corrupt Americans must be prosecuted.  …
As China managed to build their new hospital in just two days, I guess all those new hospitals that Johnson is building should be finished before the end of March.
I want to go bald but I’m love my hair.. I wish China would start making bald lace wigs.
The 10days fully constructed hospital in Wuhan,china is collapsing badly. 
Come. Let’s reason together. The Dems are still screaming about climate change, but ignore the China virus. Ask yourself. Why is this so?
Wang Yi: China and US should sit down, have a serious conversation and find a way for the two countries with different social systems to live in harmony and interact peacefully. If this goal is achieved, it will not only benefit the two peoples but the whole world. 
#PastorCao’s wife & children have spent nearly 3 years without him. He is still wrongfully imprisoned in #China, desperate for a return to #America. Remember him. Pray for him. Demand his freedom. Sign our critical petition  …
The shock of the epidemic is temporary. The fundamentals of China's long-term economic development remain unchanged. And the pace of China-Nepal friendly cooperation will not be delayed. READ FULL TEXT:  
An official in China's Shaanxi Province fainted while handling #coronavirus epidemic control. 
China reports 5k new cases and over 100 deaths in a 24 hour period. Calling bull . These were known but China just can’t keep the lid on it any more. Have you noticed the bat soup narrative died out weeks ago? What are they not telling us?  …
What the hell is going on there? In addition to the disaster in Europe, China is an (obvious) disaster and U.S. sales are also reportedly dead. This is looking like by FAR the worst $TSLA quarter since Q1 2019, and there's only so much "backloading" they can do in  …
Inside #FangCang, patients lining up for breakfast. One of the many scenes in #China during #CoronavirusOutbreak. #方艙醫院，排除領早餐。 #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #coronaviruschina #武汉肺炎 #新冠肺炎 #新冠病毒 
Trump's deal pretends to be a China policy. A realistic US policy should begin with an honest accounting of what past work with China has actually  By Robert B. Zoellick, former USTR  …
China is the world's second-biggest importer. Any economic weakness, no matter how temporary, is felt by all 
Defense Secretary Mark Esper says the  must "wake up to the challenges presented by China"  
Every chance of going out needs to be cherished during the #coronavirus outbreak in #China. This time the woman used the chance of dumping trash to practice #kungfu sword. 
China’s Butcher of the Christian churches is now in control of their relationship with Hong Kong. Get ready for a full Article 23 implementation....When does POTUS decide that they have no autonomy? WeStandWithHongKong #HKexit  …
THIS IS TERRIFYING! WE R DEPENDENT ON CHINA 4 97% of ALL ANTIBIOTICS & 80% of the active pharmaceutical ingredients NEEDED 4 DOMESTIC DRUG PRODUCTION WTF! Expert: China Has ‘Global Chokehold’ on Medicine, Can Shut Down Our Pharmacies, Hospitals in Months  …
 in Chongqing, China has installed two tunnels to spray employees with disinfectant before they start work. 
This is the most absurd #China Communist Party propaganda. The WHO should be ashamed  …
Top tier US Government national security insiders all saying the same thing: China's extreme mismanagement of the virus (Chernobyl-like reflexive information control, refusing intl aid, etc.) makes it very likely it will  a pandemic. US needs to prepare.
China to continue promoting strategic partnership with Russia - foreign minister 
#Oscars award-winning film #LittleWomen’s protagonists #SaoirseRonan and #TimotheeChalamet conveyed greetings to their Chinese fans on #ValentinesDay. The film, scheduled for telecast in China on Friday, has been postponed due to the #coronavirus outbreak  
China announced on Sat that all road #tolls will be exempted starting February 17 until the end of #COVID19 epidemic, according to Ministry of 
2020 Returns... Tesla $TSLA: +91% Bitcoin: +41% $MSFT: +18% Amazon $AMZN: +16% $GOOGL: +13% Apple $AAPL: +11% Nasdaq 100 $QQQ: +10% Long-term Treasuries $TLT: +7% S&P 500 $SPY: +5% Gold $GLD: +4% Bonds $AGG: +2% Small Caps $IWM: +1% China $FXI: -3% Copper $JJC: -7% Oil $USO: -15%
Today I met with Director-General of the @WHO @DrTedros to discuss #coronavirus. I extend my sympathies to all those affected. #China is making a strong effort to contain the epidemic. We stand ready to help in any way we can.
China Railway Construction Fraud -Remember what happened to this amazing woman for exposing the chinese corruption at the @WorldBank ? She was fired by the CCP member that had infiltrated the WB and became her boss. The US needs to right the wrongs at the WB or stop  …
Imagine doctors entering your home to take your temperature - with semi-automatic rifles. This is the reality in #Communist #China. #Coronavirus  …
The last of the guests staying at Arrowe Park after returning from China have now left the hospital. Read the latest update from NHS strategic incident director, Professor Keith Willett. #Coronavirus  
Billboards at New York's Times Square express solidarity with China's Wuhan. #coronavirus 
China taps blockchain technology to boost financing for businesses hit by virus 
A man in East China’s Shandong Province showed #coronavirus symptoms of fever and cough, 10 days after finishing the quarantine period. The person, along with his wife and two children tested positive for the virus on Sat. His family members showed no symptoms. 
#XiJinping admitted it is he who covered up the #COVID19 #coronavirus epidemic in #China. In a speech he made on Feb 3(full text in Chinese:  ), he said he started overseeing the disease control campaign as early as Jan 7. #習近平 1月7號就知道 
France confirms first coronavirus death in Europe. This is crazy. Why would China seek a patent on this virus? I have my thoughts on the subject and would love to hear yours.  …
Suspected #coronavirus outbreak in China Town, Birmingham 
We also depend on China for critical minerals we have abundantly available in America! Doesn’t make sense!  …
Memo to the State Dept: hiding from Americans what happens in meetings or phone calls with foreign countries means ONLY THEY will decide what Americans learn, and when. Ask yourselves, is China, Russia, etc going to release stuff that makes you look good, or look bad...?
#Survey: Where people are losing trust in capitalism: India: 74% France: 69% China: 63% Brazil: 57% Germany: 55% Russia: 55% U.K: 53% Canada: 47% U.S: 47% Japan: 35% (Edelman Trust Barometer via. @WEF)
When your friend who just arrived from China starts to cough 
Today China has sent 217 medical rescue groups totaling 25,633 personnel to Hubei province, according to the Global Times. This exceeds the number sent to support the 2008 Wenchuan earthquake which killed over 80,000 people. - I thought it was the flu and infections peaked?
(China offers to build HS2 in five years and for less money. I think China should gets its own house in order and start telling the truth about Coronavirus.  …
What everyone should understand is that any V-style recovery of #China is very unlikely even in the, itself unlikely, scenario that the #coronavirus would be contained quickly. Just check these terrifying charts by GS and @CapEconomics .  …
Xi says China must keep economic, social order while battling coronavirus  
#Beijing has launched a subway passenger flow app. You can see how packed the underground trains are at any location according to a colour code. The frequency of bus/train services has also been increased to thin the spread of the crowd and reduce #coronavirus exposure. #China
China Quarantines Cash to Sanitize Old Bank Notes From Virus  …
U.S. Defense Secretary Mark Esper portrays China as a growing threat to world order. He used a speech to an international security conference in Germany to criticize the Chinese government. 
Little Greta picks her targets, USA is at top of her list...cause you know we’re the big bad wolfHer handlers have trained her well on who to hate & it ain’t Haiti or Cha Ching China, or any filthy country for that matter. That kid will be 1 F’ed up adult & rue days yore 
"Can you imagine St. Joseph going to bargain with Herod to save the infant Jesus?" Cardinal Zen talked to CNA about the Holy See's agreement with #China and what it means for the underground Church. via 
Cardinal Zen has fought in defence of the underground church (Catholics) who have been persecuted so fiercely in China. Was it not only last week you were at National Prayer Breakfast where you cunningly omitted persecuted Christians in your prayer? Nice photo-op though.  …
EVEN MORE HILARIOUS is that there is a coronavirus pandemic raging in China, starting to reach the US, but someone told Trump it will warm up and die in April like a microwave hot pocket, so Trump is busy with fart jokes.
Disinfection operations have been started in China in attempt to contain the #CoronaVirus. (Cheddar) 
More than 2,600 new coronavirus cases were confirmed in China, raising the total to 66,492, as Wuhan continues to be under a virtual lockdown  
In my humble opinion, Bank Notes will ban due CoronaVirus , we will have a new digital eco/clean new system, we know what!!Plan within plan .We knew will start from China as the biggest and most controlled population!! @o_rips @PbuzzXr  …
The amount of sycophancy toward China is appalling at this year’s Munich Security Conference. Rather than standing up to Beijing’s imposed censorship, governments and international institutions are succumbing to it with shocking enthusiasm. Everyone should know better. #MSC2020.
This is some tips about how to prevent chat groups on WeChat in #China from being blocked. For my friends in China only. 如何防止 #微信 群被封。 #武汉肺炎 
See you soon for dim sum with 400 friends & supporters of Chinatown! 10am-12pm at China Pearl, 9 Tyler St. #DinewithChinatown @naaapboston @MassRestaurants @EdforBoston @nina_liang @BostonTweet 
YES!! Be very happy Sarah with your new family. You are so brave and beautiful From barbaric #china to a loving home in the #uk All I can say is #NeverGiveUp #weloveyou #newhome #AdoptDontShop 
Since @realDonaldTrump became POTUS, states have lost tons of business in China. U.S. exports are down: Maine: -43% Nevada -37% Louisiana: -36% Texas -33% New Hampshire: -30% Florida: -27% Kansas: -22% Wis.: -21% Ohio: -16% Mich. -12% etc. (Panjiva / S&P Global Intelligence)
Tom Tugendhat worries about the UK  China's poodle. “What do we want from China? Are we taking back control from Brussels to hand it to Beijing?' The UK is surrounded by hungry predator fish with open jaws, Tom. Outside the EU, there's no escape.  …
China JENsetters have raised 1,500,000 RMB for BLACKPINK’s new album. New milestone! #JENNIE 
Chinese woman said:Wuhan #coronavirus exposed the evil face of Chinese gov, the system is corrupted, they’ve been lying, abusing powers & repressing people.This evil has to end, I support independence of #HongKong,Tibet,Uyghurs &others. #China Global Television network is a liar. 
Really? How well did these policies of Dictatorship workout for you in your home country of Somalia? Anyone who thinks that the GOV should have the right to anyones money is crazy. This is not Russia, North Korea, Venezuela, Cuba or China. Its time to vote Communists out!  …
Online classes in China due to #coronavirus lockdown means you can just relax like a boss 
Business in 19th Century London could look quite different, as these Victorian photographs by Edgar Scamell illustrate. These were the hawkers, traders who hawked their wares from house to house. These examples are peddling china, small furniture, old clothes and office stools. 
#UPDATE The death toll from the new #coronavirus outbreak jumped past 1,500 in China on Saturday as France reported the first fatality outside Asia, fuelling global concerns about the epidemic  
Britain in talks with China over offer to build HS2 in five years 'for less money'  …
Russia under this regime fears Western/European norms and values more than China’s rise. The two authocracies are united in undermining the West, Europe and US influence in the world - because both see it as the main challenge to their systems of power.  …
which became a celebrated seat of learning in the ancient world. Not only Indians but also students from as far as Babylonia, Greece, Syria, Arabia, Phoenicia and China came to study. 68 different streams of knowledge were on the syllabus. 3/n
In an alternate world where China had an independent legislature, an NPC representative from Hubei would inevitably ask: “What did Xi know and when did Xi know it?”  …
China will build  epidemic emergency response system: CCTV  
Trudeau, the Canadian Prime Minister who... Bows to Iranian regieme leaders Praises China's basic dictatorship Voted against Israel at the UN Fawned over Cuban dictator, Fidel Castro, calling him a "remarkable leader"
On my @LBC show now: 1) China to build HS2? Did we “take back control” from Brussels, only to hand it over to China? 2) Hate crime & free speech. Why are police investigating thought crime? 3) Are judges right to keep UK family law separate from Sharia? 
BREAKING: China 'quarantines' bank notes to fight the #COVID19 outbreak. Old bank notes being withdrawn, treated with UV radiation / high heat, sealed and sent to vaults for 14 days. People’s Bank of China set to destroy all used banknotes from hospitals, wet markets & buses. 
U.S. criticism of China is 'lies', foreign minister says  
Apple Music China — Daily Chart: #1 Intentions #2 All Around Me #3 Come Around Me #4 Yummy #5 Habitual #6 Forever #7 Available #8 Running Over #9 Changes #10 Second Emotion #11 TIOOM #12 Get Me #13 E.T.A #14 Confirmation #15 TWLI #16 At Least For Now #17 Yummy Remix
I met with Yi Wang, Foreign Minister of #China, at #MSC2020. He updated me on the #COVID19 response & expressed  to do its best to protect its people and the world. We agreed that global solidarity is key to ending the 
Angola’s National Service for Asset Recovery has seized dozens of properties held by Hong Kong-based China International Fund 
China confident epidemic will soon be over: deputy foreign minister  
Watching about the Corona Virus on youtube, apparently there is now some racism directed towards Chinese people. STOP IT, you have more chance of winning the lottery than contracting the virus from a Chinese person, who by the way has probably not been to China since last year or
15 years ago in VACCINE we first wrote about the concept of "antipoverty vaccines" how #vaccines have an impact beyond public health to lift people out of poverty. Now relevant to #China, we hope our #SARSCoV2 vaccine might prevent economic  …
Beijing’s bungled response to the Wuhan virus outbreak should spur us to reconsider the roots of China’s economic success, writes 
Wang Yi: After the  the rainbow. When the epidemic is under control, China’s economic development will be even healthier and more sustainable. 
Suspicions arise about China’s data on Coronavirus deaths. The fatality rate has remained suspiciously constant, leading one quantitative finance expert to say the rate “would make me think that someone is simulating data. It would mean you already know what is going to happen.”  …
I wish Justin Trudeau’s Liberals would treat Alberta as nicely as they treat China and Iran.  …
Wang Yi: China is united as one. Wuhan is not fighting #COVID19 
Q: Who should be tested for #COVID19 in Nigeria A: Any person that has returned from China within the last 14 days and *Has fever, cough, difficulty with breathing OR *Close contact with a confirmed case of #COVID19 For answers to other questions  
#WorldPangolinDay #pangolins nearly #extinct because of #Vietnam & #China The gentle animals are in demand for Hocus Pocus scam traditional medicine. We call on #Chinese #Vietnamese governments to stop the demand for #pangolin PLEASE sign #petition  …
Central bank of China: Lenders to tolerate bad loans  …
Double standards are the new China 
If not mistaken, Sarawak is the only state has already banned all China people from entering our state. For those who worked in Sarawak with valid working permit, they have to undergo 14days quarantine while those whose permit are expired are totally banned.  …
RJ: im huang renjun from china! JN: nice to meet you! RJ: im not nice to see you JN: WHY?! - JN: How long have you been in korea? RJ: its been 10 months JN: oh you speak korean well RJ: korean? i don’t speak it well JN: youre good at it! youre doing great 
"Confronting an outbreak requires more than just an ability to throw up hospitals in a few days; it necessitates trust. And from the beginning, China’s public response to the virus has raised questions," writes TIME's 
Pharma firms are supposedly working on a vaccine for the new coronavirus. Is COVID 19 itself is the product of a vaccine? On Dec 1, a new national law went into effect in China, requiring everyone to be vaccinated. The first reported case of COVID 19: Dec. 1 2019
Wang Yi: Many state leaders note it is admirable that the Chinese government&people show solid resolve in dealing with the epidemic. The high speed&massive scale of China’s response are rarely seen in the world. China’s speed, scale&efficiency reflect advantage of China’s system. 
A Chinese  could be about to take over construction of the troubled HS2 rail link. The British gov't is in talks with the China Railway Construction Corporation, which has said it can build the line in just five years at a much lower cost.  …
The Great wall of China vs Kemcho wall! The path to greatness is acceptence not hiding the fact! 
Excerpt of l'officiel hommes China The reporter admitted they have attempted several times of suggestive questions tried to lead yibo into confessing how tough his job is, but yibo “didn’t jump into this pit of ‘selling misery‘” 卖惨 create a narrative to sell an image of a 
This is why "Globalism" is bad . . . When your country is so dependent on other countries . . *Especially a Communist Country. Worse mistake ever was shipping our U.S. Companies overseas . .for cheap labor . .allowing China in WTO. We're now beholden and paying the price!  …
#BREAKING: A 5.4-magnitude earthquake jolted Hualian, China’s Taiwan, at 19:00 on Saturday, with a depth of 10 km: CENC 
People who justified Border closure by saying China closed their borders for 40 years. These animals don't know that Chinese autarky killed over 20 million Chinese. They came to power to control you and make you poorer. That's the only thing they know. Know this & have peace
The tongue of a pangolin can grow up to 40 cm in length! #WorldPangolinDay #Tonguetastic #Factoids (Unknown artist from the John Reeves (1774-1856) collection Zoological Drawings from Canton, China. 
Before the #coronavirus spread throughout #China, putting the health and wellbeing of millions of innocent people at risk, millions of innocent #Uyghur Muslims were already being imprisoned & killed because they had the "virus" of #Islam.  …
In 2016 the BBC launched a smear campaign against the SNP after Nicola Sturgeon signed a memorandum of understanding with a Chinese group that included China Railway. The Scottish Tories piled in. Will the Scottish Tories condemn this deal?  …
Whatever is happening in China, it's not just flu. 
In some ways, Spain is actually more oppressive than China.
U.S. Secretary of State @SecPompeo's clear words on what he sees as greatest challenges to the #West at #MSC2020. #Huawei #China #Iran 
#BREAKING: South China University of Technology biologist Xiao Botao exposed that the #COVID19 might have originated from an animal research lab 280m away from the epicentre of the outbreak. The scientists were reportedly bitten by bats used for a test on louse. H/T: @mantaichow 
First #coronavirus death in Europe in Paris. French officials say patient 80-year-old man, Chinese tourist, native of #Hubei Province (outbreak epicenter). His daughter also hospitalized due to infection. She is expected to be discharged shortly. #China
"Paper money in China will be withdrawn from circulation to be disinfected, as was decided by the Chinese central bank. Through bank notes the coronavirus can spread."  …
Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi on #coronavirusus response: “China’s speed, scale and efficiency all reflect the success of the Chinese system.” Didn’t mention the jailing of journalists and doctors who tried to sound the alarm. #MSC2020
Striking - when Pompeo, Esper, and Macron were speaking, room at #MSC2020  packed. Now China's Foreign Minister is speaking, and its 2/3 empty.
China is using its centuries-old traditional medicine on patients affected by the coronavirus disease, a top health official said 
Australia Universities earn billions of dollars a year from student fees and research collaborations with China, but there are growing fears these lucrative arrangements may be putting academic institutions, and even national security, at risk  …
#China admits it has no idea how many people in Wuhan have been exposed to #coronavirus as officials hunt for patients door to door An expert warned the number of cases could be up to 25 times the official  …
Twitter is like a MOOC, a Massive Open Online Course. Let me share an insight about the  mistake people make when talking / writing about mainland China. The formula for guaranteed failure is as follows: impossible generalisation -> false dichotomy = flawed analysis /1
The coronavirus has now infected more than 67,000 people globally, the vast majority in mainland China. The death toll is over 1,520 with four people outside China. First death in Europe: A Chinese tourist who tested positive for the virus died in France 
In addition to Covid-19, China has 400 billion locusts flying in via Egypt, Pakistan & India. The swarms have already destroyed tens of thousands of hectares of crops en route. The locusts are arriving in China with more locust offspring, ready to wipe out China’s agriculture  …
"Do you really think the democratic system is so fragile that it could be threatened by a single  #Huawei?" Fu Ying, a female member of China's top legislature, questions US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, asking why she thinks Huawei is a threat, at the 
First #Coronavirus death in #France, apparently a tourist from #China. First #Europe death.  with 67 more infections on board the ship in #Japan (now 285 cases in total). In Japan also now new cases amongst people with no China connection so spreading there by itself.
This is what #coronavirus, named #COVID19 looks like. Number of infected (officially) has now exceeded 65K people, predominantly in China, however first death in France and first case in Africa, both reported today. 
Apple Music China — Daily Chart: #1 Intentions #2 All Around Me #3 Come Around Me #4 Yummy #5 Habitual #6 Forever #7 Available #8 Running Over #9 Changes #10 Second Emotion #11 TIOOM #12 Get Me #13 E.T.A #14 Confirmation #15 TWLI #16 At Least For Now #17 Yummy Remix 
We've had 70 centuries so far at the @manbetxofficial Welsh Open in Cardiff! Which means the donation from WST and WPBSA to support those affected by the coronavirus in China is already up to £70,000. More info:  
Boris Johnson now asking China to build HS2 Boris Johnson doesn’t believe in British Manufacturing. It’s the single largest contract in UK history & would be a steroid injection into UK Construction & Manufacturing. Boris handing this to China is treason  …
Breaking - First #COVID19 fatality in Europe was just reported in France. The patient is a Chinese tourist and he is also the fourth death case outside of #China.  …
Wang Yi: Public health security is a global challenge. When the epidemic is over, we will summarize experiences to improve public health services in China. We will help countries still weak in public health system. Public health calls for working together to pull strengths. 
Wang Yi: is ready for implementing the agreement. We are advancing reform & opening-up according to our own timetable & roadmap. There is no problem on the implementation of other aspects of the agreement. China will keep up its end of the bargain. The US should do the same. 
Honoured discuss #COVID19 with Vice Minister Foreign Affairs China, ⁦⁦ @WHO⁩ ⁦ @gatesfoundation⁩ ⁦ @Merck⁩ ⁦ @JNJNews⁩ ⁦ @CEPIvaccines⁩, Shanghai,⁦ @CSIS at ⁦ @MunSecConf⁩ - then in keeping  to use trains in Europe to the 
Wang Yi: China & US reached phase-1 #trade agreement on the basis ofequality & mutual respect. We stand ready to work with the US to implement this agreement, which is good for China, good for the US and good for the world at large. 
China’s Huawei Charged With Racketeering, Stealing Trade Secrets - WSJ  …
At an educated guess: it was to discuss China and #coronavirus - the Russians would have a very good idea as to the true origins of the Virus (esp if a bio agent) noting that Russia imposed its travel restrictions weeks ago  …
Chinese building HS2 is a no-brainer. UK has no experience of this, Chinese hi-speed rail network is bigger than rest of the world's put together.Could take 5 yrs+be much cheaper. This sounds like exactly the kind of collaboration UK and China should have.  …
One minute we’re “global Britain” and the whole world’s just gagging to buy our stuff. The next minute, we don’t think we can build a railway, China can you do if for us... 
'He added that projects in China are  quickly "because they don't worry about such minor matters as planning consent or workers' rights".' BBC News - HS2: UK in talks with China over construction of high-speed line  …
#China has won international respect and recognition through its hard work and sacrifice in tackling the novel #coronavirus pneumonia, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said in an exclusive interview with Reuters in Berlin. #COVID19
Setting aside the bottleneck on RNA tests, statisticians say even death toll numbers seem fishy “I have never in my years seen an r-squared of 0.99,” Goodman said. China’s Coronavirus Figures Don’t Add Up. “This Never Happens With Real Data.”  …
This is NOT China nor Chinese cuisine. But @peta knowingly tweets this without context in times of #COVID19 and its  “may #coronavirus strike them dead” tells you enough about these people. Also Sinophobia affects all East Asians since people ignorant  …
Seen on Facebook: Dear anti-vaxxers, now is your chance to go to China and prove us all wrong.
China offers to build HS2 in five years and for less money. But could this actually be Maglev, and not HS2? If it is, this could be utterly brilliant.  …
#MSC2020 in a nutshell: Steinmeier: "The West is in a bad shape." Pompeo: "No." Esper: „China, China, China!“ Macron: "It is."
The victim is an 80-year-old tourist from China, according to the French health minister - BFM  …
Wang Yi: Outside Hubei, confirmed cases dropped for 11 days in a row, down by over 50%. Fatality rate is about 2.2 %. China's decisive response is right & effective. #COVID19 is controllable & curable. We have confidence, capability & determination to prevail asap. 
#Coronavirus fight: Disinfection robots are employed in hospitals in Qingdao, China 
Good news! After 13 days of treatment in Guizhou’s hospital, a 67-day old baby suffering from severe novel #coronavirus pneumonia has recovered and was discharged from the hospital on Feb 15. This is the youngest patient to be cured and discharged in China on record. 
And now for the part they *dont* show you. That hospital they built in record time in Wuhan? Yeah. It’s flooded. #wuhan #china 
These are the images of the deadly novel coronavirus released by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in the U.S. This is what you need to know about the spreading coronavirus that's killed more than 1,300 in China  
First ever bilateral meeting between a #NATO Secretary General and a Chinese Minister. @jensstoltenberg and China’s Wang Yi yesterday at #MSC2020  
Coronavirus: Hundreds march in Hong Kong against plans for quarantine centres as China border remains partially open 
What a crock of crap. So the money going into HS2, ignore the rights and wrongs of it, could end up in China’s pocket. Not quality jobs for people here and money in circulation to build and improve our economy. The whole thing stinks to high heaven  …
China has quarantined used bank notes to contain the spread of the COVID-19 coronavirus, the Chinese central bank announced on Saturday.  …
Breaking - A court in #Beijing said based on the current law in #China, intentionally spreading virus of an infectious disease is an act that endangers public security abd it could directly cause others to get the disease and  seriously ill or die. Such act could ... 
"It is essential that we, as an  wake up to the challenges presented by #China's manipulation of the long-standing international rules-based order that has benefited all of us for many decades." – @EsperDoD at 
Whistleblower China Hospital Nurse Goes On Camera - There are HUNDREDS OF THOUSAND OF PATIENTS. A nurse says the number of patients are 10 times higher than reported and face very high risks taking mouthswaps all day, fully exposed to 
You still hear the people sing: Les Mis protest anthem blazes from France to China  …
New cases in all of China besides Hubei province in past day: 221 New cases on one cruise ship in Japan in past day: 67
#China car sales fell more than 20% year-on-year in January! 
The #WuhanCoronavirus outbreak in Chinais getting more serious in GuangZhou 9 ppl from 3 families who don't know each other & w/o direct contact are infected Later, the gov't found that they have been to the same restaurant and this might be the source of infection 
Coronavirus: Hundreds march in Hong Kong against plans for quarantine centres as China border remains partially open  …
US defence secretary Esper could not have been more blunt. When  to relations with China „we are asking our friends to choose“, a choice between systems. Whether this message will resonate in Europe remains to be seen. @ecfr #MSC20 #5G
Is there seriously no one else who could build our national infrastructure? BBC News - HS2: UK in talks with China over construction of high-speed line  …
Just told LBC that I would treat China’s offer to build HS2 cheaper and faster with great caution. It is only 9 years since the worst high-speed rail crash in the world took place in China because of poor construction & corruption
This is significant. Why would we refuse help from China when the costs savings might allow us  the whole project including then northern links? China offers to build HS2 in five years and for less money  … via @financialtimes
Had my temperature taken 4 times in space of 2 hours today. Beijing still unusually quiet for a city of 22 million. 375 #coronavairus infections in the city, 4 deaths #China 
WHO says joint China mission to start coronavirus probe this weekend  
Which 400,000 of us are gonna be pissed off with our government for not taking #CoronaVirus seriously by allowing 100 flights a day from China to continue whilst other countries stopped them?  …
US secretary of defense Mark Esper hits the nail on its head: for all talk of major  in reality the Pentagon’s focus is squarely on China. It’s China, China, China. 
Esper is arguing the idea engagement with China dating back to the end of the Cold War would entice China to be a responsible world actor have failed. #MSC2020
The Chinese Communist Party systemically suppresses free speech in #China - and is attempting to use similar tactics abroad. How countries are fighting back against #CCP efforts to manipulate information environments and corrode democratic institutions  
An article by President #XiJinping on the prevention and control of the pneumonia epidemic caused by the novel #coronavirus will be published Sunday on Qiushi Journal, a flagship magazine of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee.  
Since the beginning of #COVID19 outbreak, the protocol in Nigeria is to TEST returning travellers from China with symptoms So far, five people have been tested. Results were NEGATIVE These are NOT ‘coronavirus cases’ as described in this media article  …
Hundreds of protesters marched in #HongKong against government plans to potentially turn some buildings into #coronavirus quarantine centers, demanding full closure of the mainland China border.  …
The death toll from China's new coronavirus epidemic jumps past 1,500 as Beijing orders people returning to the capital from holiday to self-quarantine for 14 days in another drastic effort to contain the outbreak  
The Corona virus might be contained before September 2020. You stand a good chance of getting the scholarship since few people want to study in Wuhan, China. Get the scholarship first, then decide whether or not to study in China when   …
At #MSC2020 @SecPompeo puts Iran, China, Russia, Venezuela and Cuba in the same basket as an axis of countries that pursue aggressive foreign policies and don’t respect other countries’ sovereignty. What better way of pushing US adversaries into a coalition?
According to #China’s transport ministry there are still 100s of millions of workers & students due to return to #China’s cities after the extended Lunar New Year break. Obviously there are concerns that an increased mass movement of people could spread the #coronavirus. #covid19
Russia, #China, and #Iran threaten the sovereignty of free nations. Assaults on sovereignty destabilize. Assaults on sovereignty impoverish. Assaults on sovereignty enslave. Assaults on sovereignty are assaults on #freedom. #TheWestIsWinning
This makes perfect sense for China, playing to an obvious strength, and much less controversial for us than Huawei, for ex. If China can do in 5 yrs what we planned in 15, why not? China offers to build HS2 in five years and for less money via 
“Pilgrimage is a powerful metaphor for any journey with the purpose of finding something that matters deeply to the traveler.” ✎ Phil Cousineau "The road to pilgrimage" by Yinghao Quan (China) 
Useful reminder of the importance of a UK-EU Free Trade Agreement to the EU. Total EU27 goods exports to UK were €319bn in 2019, representing 15% of global EU27 goods exports. It is 61% more than the EU27 sold to China. 
Coronavirus latest: - The U.S, will evacuate American citizens on board the Diamond Princess cruise ship in Japan - Death toll in China has exceeded 1,500, more than 67,000 cases globally - Egypt reported Africa's first confirmed case of the virus  
A plague of locusts in East Africa, Corronavirus in China rapidly spreading, Continuous storms in Europe, devastating fires in Australia, has anyone seen Moses lately?
A medical team from NW China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region turned a corner in the lobby of a makeshift hospital in #Wuhan into a dancing hall. The video has gone viral on Chinese social media. CGTN's Zhou Jiaxin has more.  
"Hundreds of dewdrops to greet the dawn, hundreds of bees in the purple clover, hundreds of butterflies on the lawn, but only one mother the wide world over." ✎ George Cooper "Mother" by Yinghao Quan (China) 
China is disinfecting and isolating used banknotes as part of efforts to stop the spread of the new coronavirus  
A dedicated  a 12,000 mile round trip from China to ninth tier side Runcorn FC because of a save on Championship Manager 01/02.  …
Posted this on FB. Seen along Skyway northbound. Can we do the same in China? They have already successfully shooed us away from our EEZ, and now they are expanding their presence in the city? As if the mainlanders that are all over the country isn’t enough. What’s next? 
Corona Virus in Egypt, Visa on arrival in Nigeria, % China products, In fact we even have China Town in Lagos. It will take God for this epidemic not to enter this country.
interesting ... others (China-based) see it a little differently  … @1NRSmith
LMAOOO. I’m screaming. China offers to build HS2 in five years and for less money  …
200215 FOURTRY Weibo update To help Wuhan fight against the virus , FOURTRY has purchased 10000 face masks and donated them to  in Huanggang,Wuhan. Fighting Wuhan! Fighting China! #KrisWu 
My friend is one of the Universiti Malaya students. Currently, they are risking their lives to help Mainland China students by quarantining them without proper procedures and protocols. Sadly, from what I hear university management asks the student to do such things. PLEASE RT! 
China Admits That More Than Half A Million People Have Had "Close Contact" With The Infected | Zero Hedge  …
Coronoavirus panel at #MSC2020. WHO rep absolutely gushes over China. "The people of China feel protected ... the ultimate social contract. The government of China is honouring that contract with it's people. We all need to take a step back and admire what's happened" 
UPDATE: Coronavirus has claimed the life of another health care worker in China. A 59-year-old nurse has died, according to Wuhan Wuchang Hospital.  …
2/14 #CoronavirusOutbreak Quarantined apartments were on the edge of exhausting food. Some vendors wanted to sell food to them. However, in this special time, policemen weren’t so nice. Today’s law enforcement in China is no different from mafia or terrorists. 
The prevention and control of the #cornavirus outbreak is currently at its most crucial stage in China and Wuhan remains the main battlefield, says a senior Chinese official 
MEDIA BLACKOUT - Silence From Hard-Left @RutgersU! Rutgers University Professor, Mohammad Abbasi, preached the coronavirus Is divine retribution for China’s so-called treatment of Uyghur Muslims... "It Is the Least the Chinese Should Suffer, May Allah Punish Them Further" 
“But ASPI, which is funded by the Department of Defence, foreign governments and military contractors, has also been accused of fomenting anti-China hysteria, to the alleged benefit of its benefactors.”  …
China’s air, rail and road travel market got slammed during the peak Lunar New Year season as fears about the spreading coronavirus prompted people to abandon trips 
Virtually everything you see on Amazon is manufactured in China. This is because China manipulated the market and monopolized global trade manufacturing by devaluing their currency, and put  out of business. They stole American manufacturing right from under us.
The CORONAVIRUS has finally arrived in Africa. Egypt confirms its first case as the death toll stands at 1017 in China. We cannot fight crawling insects and a running nose... it's going to be sweaty for Africa.
“With China forbidding many aspects of cryptocurrency marketing, to have been included in a national-level platform shows that  efforts are not being wasted.” Being so close with China is a massive deal when  to regulation.  …
A 67-day-old baby, infected with the novel #coronavirus, along with three other patients, were discharged from hospital Saturday in southwest China's Guizhou Province. #COVID19  
Fiat Chrysler is halting production at a car factory in Serbia because it can’t get parts from China, a sign of how the coronavirus is creating a domino effect across the global supply chain. “The car industry is in a supply chain twilight zone right now.” 
To protect themselves from the novel #coronavirus, some in China are wearing creative and entertaining costumes when they venture outside. 
Add to this the rampant corruption that  the building of mainland China's high speed rail network. If the UK wants foreign investment and expertise in building its HS2 link the government should look to Japan.  …
China won't have faced UK planning, environmental and labour laws. But if  up with a "look we've got this oven ready HS2 and in 5 years, ping, it's done." It'll be the back door to his neoliberal wet dream of destroying those protections.  …
countries countries buying cheap talking about from China the camps  …
So Ambassador Wu Peng claims that Chinese nationals on connecting flights (KQ Flights are suspended) self quarantine upon landing in Kenya! Hahaa! Happening when our Kenyan students have been denied evacuation from China! GOK ought to be serious with coronavirus global emergency 
China has made themselves a monopoly over the years on many products with there cheap labor and costs,  in other countries out of business who make similar products. They’ve basically made themselves the sole provider and now they can’t deliver.
A coronavirus-infected woman gives birth to a baby in Jiangxi, China. 
DEMAND!!! WE DEMAND YOU STOP RESISTING & INVESTIGATE JOE BIDEN FOR BRIBERY, MONEY LAUNDERING W/CHINA, UKRAINE & IRAN JOE RISCH: HEAD OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS @SenatorRisch AMERICANS WILL NOT STOP UNTIL YOU DO YOUR JOB - WHAT ARE YOU HIDING?
"The China Railway Construction Corporation (CRCC) has said it can build the [HS2] line in just five years at a much lower cost than is currently forecast, according to the Financial Times." "Great Leap Forward" mentality led to the 2011 train accident.  …
HS2: UK in talks with China over construction of high-speed line - Is this the Brexit ‘Global Britain’ we were promised? Trains, nuclear and  owned and operated by China?  …
China Is Disintegrating: Steel Demand, Property Sales, Traffic All Approaching Zero | Zero Hedge  …
Plum blossom is highly appreciated in Chinese culture. The five petals symbolize happiness, good luck, longevity, and peace In Mount Huangshan, east China's Anhui Province, the plum trees have already started to blossom attracting many birds.  
Every manufacturer  work with in China is closed due to coronavirus & we cant get the  we need to make our products. We cant restock items & are set to lose well over $100k+. Im assuming other global traders will be impacted significantly as well
Thread on Hinduism in Tarim Basin. The Kingdom of Khotan(56-1006 CE) was based in Tarim Basin(modern day Xinjiang, China) & was an imp stop along the silk route. The languages spoken were Khotanese & the Indian Gandhari(a form of Prakrit) written in Kharoshti & Brahmi script. 
Countries with significant travel to and from China that have not found cases of covid-19 should be worried 
The participants  that the Hong Kong govt hasn’t consulted local residents before requisitioning their neighbourhood as quarantine sites for the #CoronavirusOutbreak and it hasn’t closed the border with China. It’s further fuelled the public anger against the govt. 
24 hours of China region airplane movements on a normal Friday in November 2019 (UTC time) vs last Friday the 14th Feb, 2020. #COVID19 @bnoDesk @flightradar24 
China is using its centuries-old traditional medicine on patients affected by the coronavirus disease, a top health official said 
EU launches anti-dumping investigation on China aluminium products  
Sending lots of love and support to the medical practitioners and friends in China who are working so hard to battle this outbreak. We are in this together. All the best China! #MYairportssays 
Percent of women  Board of Director France: 43.4% Norway: 42.1% Sweden: 36.3% Italy: 34% Germany: 31.9% UK: 27.2% Canada: 25.8% Spain: 22% US: 21.7% Colombia: 15.1% India: 13.8% Turkey: 13.4% China: 9.7% Japan: 5.3% S Korea: 2.1% (WEF)
« Wang said he did not understand why the US was using its power to attack a  like China's Huawei. ». Well, I don’t understand why  like China’s Huawei is using its power attacking a private researcher like me.  …
We only require 2FA on our VPN during China military business hours 
Given the sheer scale of the coronavirus outbreak, this should be a time when governments share data and coordinate a response. But for the U.S. and China, cooperation has proved elusive so far. 
Shared; China is Melting Before our Eyes: I have no way to confirm or deny accuracy of these videos. Context is damning, however. The only thing public is the coverup. Beijing, Shanghai, and other major cities just announced quarantines.  …
Severe Water leakage inside one of the newly built #Wuhan hospitals. Magnificent #China! Tremendous speed to build a hospital in 10 days.... With Appalling quality, China specialty! #coronavirus #COVID19 
Friends in mainland China are kind. They ask me if I need toilet rolls. “Let us know! We will send them over.”
Dogs drowned in Jinxi Town, Yongjia County, Wenzhou City, Zhejiang Province, China. Although according @WHO there is no evidence that pets can get #COVID19 they're being killed as a means of tackle this health issue. If able call Jinxi officials 057757671533 or 
With the China death toll now standing at 1523 due to the coronavirus & the total confirmed cases stands at 66,400 a vaccine is being developed by five large  & hopefully ready for use by next November at Trump speed testing. 150 million doses are being developed 
Now even old bank notes are being quarantined in China 
Stop making it an "either the United States or China" situation. SOUTHEAST ASIANS HATE BOTH OF Y'ALL BECAUSE BOTH STATES ARE TRYING TO STEAL OUR LAND AND MARINE RESOURCES. Imperialism will be fought and rejected whether its proponents are American or Chinese.
Many PRC diplomats recently join twitter (which is banned in China).Their hard PR effort is thus doomed to be fruitless internationally. The real powerful way to tell Chinese story is to allow 1.4 billion Chinese to tell story by themselves, on twitter or anywhere
WOW Going global & believing in Britain is brill now that we've stopped the  in. HMGov DoT in talks with the China Railway Construction Corp about building the HS2 at a much lower cost & in 5 yrs All hose chinese taking our jobs & forcing wages down... eh
The UK's Top Non-EU Goods Export Markets, 2019: #01 US £58.6bn #02 China £26.4bn #03 Switzerland £12.4bn #04 Hong Kong £9.2bn #05 UAE £8.2bn #06 Japan £7.2bn #07 Singapore £5.9bn #08 Turkey £5.8bn #09 Canada £5.7bn #10 India £4.8bn #11 Australia £4.7bn #12 S. Korea £4.2bn ONS
So the next time you say that China has suffered at the hands of Western imperialism, consider shutting the fuck up because apparently they learned from the best and are implementing stuff lifted straight from the imperialist playbook in Southeast Asia.
HERE IS A FULL LIST OF CHINA'S INCURSIONS INTO PHILIPPINE TERRITORIAL WATERS.  …
Seems like this virus may be the catalyst for PBOC to launch this plan sooner than later >> Patents reveal extent of China’s digital currency plans  …
A Cal State University Northridge student who travelled to China to study Mandarin is now among those trapped overseas in the midst of the nation's COVID-19 crisis. 
Fanatical runner jogs equivalent of ultra-marathon in his apartment as people in virus-hit China try to keep fit while cooped up @pstebbings reports Pan Shancu takes unofficial gold for apartment running, 66kms in 6hrs 41mins  
Taehyung ranked #1 in Daily rankings for the Aiman index china 
Climate: UK creates only 1% of global emissions. And so only 1% of climate change. Boris wants you to sacrifice your car, your foreign holidays, your central heating and £40,000 of your cash to 'solve' this 1% But China, India, US, Japan (56% together) aren't bothered Happy? 
The UK never really understood that the EU is actually a group of smaller nations clubbing together in order to level the playing field with the big three, the US, Russia, and now China. They all still retain national identity within that group. Time for UK to get real.
This isn’t first time China has offered to build HS2 ‘cheaply.’ China’s railways minister offered to me 10 years ago to build it for ‘half the cost of the French & Germans.’ He was later jailed for corruption after the terrible Chinese high-speed rail crash of 2011
What’s happening in God’s name in China. For God’s Sake, let the world came together to fight this and don’t let this  reason for doom. #CoronaVirus #corona 
Experts on China should write more books to help the West get to know a real China and break the stereotypes regarding the Chinese people, Russian orientalist tells Xinhua in interview regarding the publication of the book " #FakeFear: America and China Relations" 
East Asian expert, Gordon Chang Bloomberg’s shady ties to China make him unfit to be president. 
Not Many people know that in 1951 ... China broke off all diplomatic ties with Vatican .... as Vatican was interfering in Chinese affairs
Two months into the #CoronavirusOutbreak, China finally revealed the scale of infections among frontline medics: 1716 infected, 6 died. But it only came after a growing number of brave Chinese media outlets skirted censorship to expose the dire issue. 
Kana some big SA retailers aren't getting any of their deliveries and merchandise from China any time soon due to Corona virus restrictions plus new orders aren't being made cos people aren't allowed to gather in large numbers like factories in some regions.
China is literally going after Australia with civil servants at the behest of Huawei. This is how  the UK state is with regards to China and Huawei  …
Latest developments on #coronavirus outbreak in China: - The overall confirmed cases on the Chinese mainland hit 63,851 - Wuhan: traditional Chinese medicine will be used in treatment - 1,716 medical staff had been infected #Xinhuafactbox  
Remember the Chinese that were ushered out of the government lab in Manitoba? It seems they had shipped the corona virus to a lab in China 20 miles from the epicenter of the outbreak. When will Canada stop having these people in our universities and government positions.
China's banks had provided over 537 billion yuan (about $76.89 billion) of credit support as of Friday to  restore production amid the fight against #COVID19 outbreak, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission said Saturday. 
Since returning to work this week,  in #China has reported group infection cases of #COVID19. One in Chongqing, one in Suzhou, one in Hunan and one in Shanxi.
NEW: #Beijing placed on Wartime Status (Martial Law) The Party Committee of #Beijing Center for Disease Control & Prevention issues a wartime state order to contain the #coronavirus outbreak 21 million people placed on full MARTIAL LAW #china  …
HM @AmitShah Sir At Least 1 Lakh Rohingya Islamists From Myanmar Didn't Migrate To Nearby China, Bangladesh, Thailand, Cambodia, Parts Of North Eastern States. Instead, They Chose The Far Off Jammu. Why? Please Order A Probe To Find Why They Chose Jammu? Regards Yours Hari Om
The frontline of fighting coronavirus isn't just at hospitals. China has dumped all matter of responsibility on low-level government representatives -- less than a dozen admins might oversee thousands of residents. “We’re not doctors," said one.  …
Ballet dancers from Lithuanian National Opera and Ballet Theatre express their support and blessings to China in fighting the #novel coronavirus epidemic. 
San Francisco stands against the racist demonization of China. 
US actor Vin Diesel posts a video to cheer Chinese people in the fight against the novel #coronavirus pneumonia. "To my brothers and sisters in China: Go, China! We're all in this together.” 
New #coronavirus fatalities push China's death toll above 1,500 people  | 
This after finance officials said yesterday authorities allocated RMB80.55bln ($11.5bln) for virus prevention and control. RMB41mln already paid out. ( #China attempting to ramp up economic activity while clamping down on #coronavirus. So hard to achieve both at same time.)
Lisa stans starting a magazine stand and going broke: November-December: Madame Figaro Japan and Vogue Hongkong January: 2 versions of Nylon China February: 3 versions of Elle Korea still in February: pre order of Vogue Korea rumoured next magazine cover: Elle Thailand 
 every “hospital” they’re setting up in China for the #CoronaVirus never has any medical equipment in it?
World Health Organisations heads for China to investigate coronavirus  …
BTW this is not only #Beijing  14 day quarantine for everyone arriving. Many other cities including #Shanghai have announced the same. #coronavirus #China #covid19
In visit to Chinese embassy, @DiazCanelB reiterated #Cuba's support & solidarity with brother people of #China, affected by coronavirus Covid-19. He emphasized effective response by gov. of China to that difficult situation & his strong belief that they'll win battle vs. epidemic 
This is present China. All glory and technology stands still. Humans are sealed inside their homes to ensure they die inside..... 
To our brave bear team in China, thank you for looking after the beautiful #moonbears during the #Coronavirus crisis. Like a #BearInTheWindow, we are here looking out for you and the people of China, until the crisis ends. @AnimalsAsia #CrisisActionFund  
China says Pakistan among 33 countries which provided medical supplies to fight the coronavirus epidemic in the country  …
Banknotes quarantine! People’s Bank of China is asking banks and institutions to disinfect banknotes. Those from areas hit by #COVID19 will be disinfected by ultraviolet rays or high temperatures and quarantined for more than 14 days before  …
Brand-new RMB banknotes worth 600 billion yuan ($85.87 billion) were dispatched across China on Jan 17, the central bank said, considering the safety of old banknotes and the likelihood of #COVID19 via contact. Banknotes circulation across provinces were halted as a 
Wang Yi: Whether US&DPRK have sincerity to meet each other half way is the key to the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue. China’s approach of “phased&synchronized steps” will continue its positive role. We can’t afford losing de-escalation or shutting down the window of peace again. 
WHAT DO YOU THINK THE POSSIBLITY IS THAT CHINA RELEASED THE CORONAVIRUS ON ITS OWN PEOPLE DURING THE RIOTS THEY WERE HAVING IN THE STREETS? I don't see any more rioting.
The place I've bought my jeans from online for years tweaked their product such that it's now very stretchy and Made In China, while simultaneously raising prices. Also my favorite old pair now has a classic "cool guy" hole in the crotch. If you have jean recs, please share.
The Coronavirus could affect consumers around the world by causing product shortages or increased prices on goods produced in China. A world wide recession is possible. Coronavirus Brings About Another Issue For Retailers: Delayed Production  …
Drive along a road shrouded by fog and mist and explore a mysterious land in Jiujiang, east China’s Jiangxi. 
Is anyone paying attention to this? 5 million evacuated from a city of 8 million. This guy is saying the government killed them.!!! CORONA UNMASKED: Chinese Intelligence Officer Reveals True Magnitude of China’s Fake “Coronavirus” Crisis  …
Ben Meng, Chief Investment Officer of US’ largest public pension fund: ‘In a person’s life, if there is an opportunity to work for the motherland (China), this responsibility & honor is unmatched by anything.’ @TheLastRefuge2 @robert_spalding 
China is using its centuries-old traditional medicine on patients affected by the coronavirus disease, a top health official said 
2) The relative underdiagnosis is from previous public interviews with Neil Ferguson. He even goes farther and suggests only 5% of the cases are being reported (implies 20x underdiagnosis) in China. See video here:   …
China sees 2,641 new coronavirus cases, 143 deaths, as it struggles to slow spread  
Egypt has  the first country in Africa to confirm a case of the deadly coronavirus while the Kingdom of eSwatini has recorded its first suspected case of the virus in a woman who arrived from China in South Africa and then crossed into eSwatini. #sabcnews
The Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry wants a "partial lift" of the China travel ban. Given the unknowns about the virus and the success of the ban so far in limiting the virus' spread to Aus, this suggestion sounds quite mad.  …
FIRST ELECTRON MICROSCOPE IMAGES OF THE NOVEL CORONAVIRUS Taken by Rocky Mountain Laboratories, Hamilton, Montana. Shared by National Institute of Allergy & Infectious Diseases, United States. 2019nCoV has infected 65K and killed 1500 in China in 3 weeks. 
Now is not the time for a revolution in U.S. strategy, particularly given the growing importance  with China, writes @thomaswright08. To abandon seven decades of grand strategy and pursue global retrenchment would not serve U.S. 
Hastie is having his own personal little travel ban, first China, now UK I wonder when he'll get the message that no one wants to hear what he has to say? There's a very good reason why he's on backbench - as popular as VD at an orgy! #auspol  … via @smh
After all, engineering is business. And all of us fully aware that cheap stuff = decent or low quality. If u pay a premium price, even Made In China items have good quality.
#UPDATE The foreign ministers of China and the Vatican have met in the first such high-level encounter between the sides, which do not have diplomatic ties, Beijing's state media says  
The coronavirus outbreak in China won't lead to large-scale inflationary pressures, according to China’s central bank 
HS2: UK in talks with China over construction of high-speed line 
Suitcase Full Of Dead Birds From China Intercepted At Virginia Airport 
“Nations cannot cede our  infrastructure to China for financial expediency." 
I WAS WONDERING HOW THEY KNOCKED HER OUT. COULD IT BE THEY KILLED HER? SHARE: Woman‘s neck broken by Chinese Police after refusing a random forced confinement amid Coronavirus Outbreak in China. #Coronavirus  … via CitizenFour2020 03 #FridayThoughts
Water shortage across China food is running out. I wonder why the water system is not working? Has the government shutdown the water system? 
"Mobster said thing not normally associated with Abraham Lincoln or FDR" is also not news. Go look into US  partnering with China and Russia.
Day 471 Digital dollar is already a reality today through various dollar backed stable coins CBDCs will take this race to the next level. China already is set to be the first major country to launch its own CBDC & looks like US will soon follow When India? 
In 1977, a volcano erupted in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The result? Thetans flooding out into the atmosphere, eventually settling in China, and culminating in Deng Xiaoping taking power in 1978, reversing all the gains made by the Chinese Revolution.
Online grocery stores have struggled to be a viable business in China. But there is a rise in demand now as the coronavirus outbreak has confined millions to their homes  
China's citizens are beginning to question not just the government response to coronavirus, but the  of the Communist Party 
This epidemic will assume a historic proportion. When its history is written, there will be many stories of perseverance, dedication, and heroism. Among them will be the work of front line doctors in China - more than 1,700 who are already infected, and 6 who gave their lives. 
This is sweet....My ex-wife got me Chocolate covered bats from Wuhan China for Valentines Day.....How thoughtful
Injured by China's trade practices? Call 202-395-3900, USTR says  
WATCH Bernie  BERNIE SAYS: - China takes GOOD CARE of its people - Castro has helped the Cuban people immensely - The Cuban people love Castro - Bernie was excited when Castro TOOK OVER Cuba b/c that was the POOR rising up against THE RICH Bernie is CRAZY 
Hey China, We don't take orders from you. Signed, Australia.  …
Exclusive: Senior China diplomat concedes challenge of coronavirus, slams 'overreaction'  
Breaking News! Researchers From Sweden, Germany and China Say WHO Has Underestimated Transmissibility Of Coronavirus - Thailand Medical News  … @M_T_Franz @Bea_Elisa @chigrl @Amdalleq @DHSgov @EsperDoD @nasanasal @HaraldPetermann @tbgstephen @SF19411190
China has done absolutely nothing wrong. Get the picture?  …
Wang Yi: played a major role in reaching Paris Agreement. Its emission reduction target is met ahead of schedule every year. Its new energy vehicles and renewable energy installed capacity are 50% and 1/3 of the world. China honors  with actions, not slogans. 
Wang Yi: Who threatens whom? US Congress kept passing acts to blatantly interfere in China’s internal affairs. US kept sending warships or aircrafts at China’s doorstep. It spares no efforts to batter  It’s US, not China, that threatens others. 
Hongkongers’ prejudice and mainlanders: there’s more to it than politics and the virus  … #HongKong #China #coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak
In case anyone was in any doubt that the #Philippines cancelling the Visiting Forces Agreement, a decades-long military pact with the US, is a win for #China in the Indo-Pacific region  …
China’s Huawei and two U.S. subsidiaries were charged with racketeering conspiracy to steal trade secrets in a new federal indictment 
The @JAMA_current podcast interviewed #UCLAFSPH adjunct professor Dr. Zunyou Wu, chief epidemiologist of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention (China CDC), about the COVID-19 public health campaign in China.  #coronavirus #UCLA
“Support Wuhan, Turkey is with you!” A short video released by the Turkish Students Association TÖB went viral online. The video captures people rallying their support from symbolic places across China and Turkey. #Turkey #China 
Coronavirus death toll in China reaches 1,523, confirmed cases over 66,000 Read @ANI Story |  
China Admits That More Than Half Million People Have Had ‘Close Contact’ with the Infected  …
The COVID-19 novel coronavirus has rocked China  as the U.S. military begins preparations for a pandemic type scenario on American soil. The Chinese officials gave an updated count of over 59,900 infected with international cases to over 60,000.  …
U.S. renews pressure on China to join nuclear talks  
China bashing detracts from the country’s epic and unprecedented battle against the coronavirus  …
Worldwide current cases and deaths of #COVID19 by @WHO as 9am today. (Feb 15, 2020). The number of deaths are increasing, almost all in #China except one each in #Philipines and in #Japan. The total number of cases in Malaysia so far remain at 
Wishing #NikolaJokic well at #NBAAllStar ALL THE WAY FROM CHINA 
The Health Ministry in eSwatini says the country has registered its first suspected case of the deadly coronavirus. The case was identified yesterday in someone who had recently arrived in South Africa from China and entered the Kingdom on the 6th of February. #sabcnews
Dean Koontz wrote about a disease called Wuhan 400 in his book THE EYES OF DARKNESS, so now my review of that book has been taken over by conspiracy theorists who believe he conspired with China to create the coronovirus. fml
Deepest thanks & salute to Dr #AlfredWong & all #medics in HK! Hundreds of HK doctors & nurses are going thr’ similar family separations as they battle a super malignant virus having killed over 1500 ppl in mainland China. #COVID19 #武漢肺炎 
#COVID19 impact:Prices of pharma key ingredients shoot up, think-tank ⁦ @NITIAayog⁩ calls meeting with top drug makers & policy makers to discuss options for domestic manufacturers dependent on #China for #API ⁦ @amitabhk87⁩ ⁦  …
They are Ant eaters & important part of ecosystem. Indian pangolin is found across India & now endengered. Everywhere they are on their last leg. Scales are used in traditional medicines mistakenly for ailments & reducing impotency. Huge market in China & SE Asia. AP images. 
People know that Chinese restaurants outside China are staffed by ... people who don’t live in China, right? Sigh  …
During SARS, China realized that public health demanded stamping put the practice of spitting in public so they cracked down on it with harsh enforcement. Japan needs to do the same on working while sick. Impose fines on people  with fevers, and 
When China gets a pandemic it’s not a kofa but if it had been America it would have definitely been announced as a kofa by the sheikhs
renjun and chenle china line’s babies i miss this 
It’s time for global businesses to admit it: China isn’t a good investment #China  …
3. #COVID19: If I'm reading the Feb. 14 report correctly, China has recorded 56,873 lab confirmed cases. China's total with lab & clinically confirmed cases is 66,492. There have been ~500 cases reported in 25 other countries, which would bring the global total to ~67,000.
1. #COVID19: China recorded 143 new deaths on Feb. 14, bringing the death toll there to 1523 & globally to 1525. The Philippines & Japan have also recorded deaths. 2641 newly diagnosed cases were added to China's case total. 
The World Health Organization's position regarding China has renewed a longstanding debate about whether the international organization, founded 72 years ago, is sufficiently independent to allow it to fulfill its purpose. | Analysis by 
China Reports Huge Jump In New Coronavirus Infections And Deaths 
#BREAKING The #US government is preparing to evacuate American citizens from aboard the #DiamondPrincess cruise ship, the site of the biggest outbreak of the novel coronavirus outside China, according to an official at @CDCgov
Wang Yi: Preaching clash of civilizations attempts to reverse history. Nations are equal in the  & enjoy right to development. Socialism with Chinese characteristics is the Chinese people’s choice. It’s so successful in China. US should respect this choice. 
Death toll in China due to #coronavirus climbs to 1,523, with 143 new fatalities reported mostly from worst-affected Hubei province; confirmed cases jumps to over 66,000
China's 'oldest coronavirus patient', 96, recovers after being treated in intensive care units for three days 
“A hardliner notorious for the demolition of thousands of Christian crosses on churches has been appointed the new head of China’s office in Hong Kong, a sign that Beijing aims to further tighten control over the semi-autonomous city, analysts say.”  …
We don't value anything we have or said in Nigeria. This is the exact thing the Minister said regarding self isolation and he was insulted for saying that. Here, China is doing the same thing. @toluogunlesi  …
Ling Li, a lecturer in Chinese politics: China's tear-jerking "hero" stories distract from a "rational understanding of the causal link between the mess of a crisis and the origin of the crisis."  …
Wang Yi: Like pure gold is tested in fire, we will be stronger & more united after this epidemic. China’s economy will be more stable & sustainable. Hard times reveal true friendship. Our friendship and trust with other countries will be stronger & deeper. 
Funeral homes in China's Wuhan 'working 24/7 to cremate bodies'  …
Wang Yi: With Chinese speed, we race against time to save lives of every patient. With our strength united as one, we fight against #COVID19 and stop its further spread. With its efforts and sacrifice, China won international respect and recognition. 
#coronavirus Update: My Worldwide Case Count Just updated: New cases in #Japan, #Singapore & #Egypt Many new cases & deaths in #China Note: #China is likely downplaying the numbers #WuhanCoronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #COVID19 
One Shanghai civilian exposed: There was an outbreak of virus in Shanghai Over 3000 cases were confirmed The number will not be announced All the stores incl. supermarkets, food catering, medical facilities were closed Who said that? If Shanghai is done, China is done! 
LOL! Durbari @Jairam_Ramesh is putting Chacha's China debacle at Morarji's doorsteps. Farzi bhai @ram_guha will be mighty 
#COVID19 #nCoV2019 #SARSCoV2 : 67089 cases (66484 in China (excl. Hongkong and Macau) & 605 confirmed cases in other countries (incl. 124 locally transmitted cases)) with 1525 deaths (CFR: 2.3%) as of 14 February per @WHO, @ProMED_mail, JH CSSE, @FluTrackers & Chinese 
"When agents of the state fear no external checks and balances, it is rational for them to bury bad news, right up until a crisis  too big to hide: a dynamic that builds instability into the way China is run." Smart words from @DSORennie this  …
External Affairs Minister, S Jaishankar at Munich Security Conference, Germany: There is no question the world is more nationalistic, US, China & different countries in the world are more nationalistic. A lot of this nationalism has been electorally validated. 
Valentine's Day in Hong Kong, as the coronavirus outbreak continues to take a toll on the city. Photos: Benjamin Yuen, Jimmy Lam, Kevin Cheng/United Social Press. #HongKong #China #coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
URGENT PROBLEM: Coronavirus Outbreak Exposes China’s Monopoly on U.S. Drug, Medical Supplies *97% of all antibiotics and 80% of the active ingredients used to make  from China. TAX CODE NEEDS TO INCENTIVIZE ENDING THIS @POTUS  via @BreitbartNews
All of China’s facial recognition technology is no match for a freezing coronavirus day 
The death toll from China's new coronavirus epidemic jumps past 1,500 but new infections fall following a mid-week surge caused by a change in the way cases are counted  
I think China already has a wall
The WHO's praise of China's response have led critics to question the relationship between the two entities. The UN agency’s reliance on funding gives wealthy member states like China considerable influence.  …
This is how China keeps its enormous-but-stressed financial system from crashing  via @BW
Report that Xiaogan City (population 4.8 million) is also adopting the new strict lockdown where no one can leave their  and daily necessities will be delivered to all residents h/t: r/China_Flu subreddit  …
China is entering the “most critical time” in its fight to contain the spreading coronavirus, a government official said 
"We're not doctors": China's local Communist  have been working nearly nonstop to help an overburdened health-care system 
Coronavirus Outbreak Exposes China’s Monopoly on U.S. Drug, Medical Supplies  …
WSJ Exclusive: US will evacuate some Americans from the Diamond Princess cruise ship, site of the biggest novel coronavirus outbreak outside China.  …
Has #China bought #Canada's elite lock, stock, and barrel? With #Telus buying #5G equipment, you have to wonder. @RebelNewsOnline  …
In 2010, there was a major traffic jam in China that lasted 12 days.
You know what? The flu is a global pandemic every year&every year it causes millions of deaths WW People in America aren't hospitalized for it like they should be. Every year the  out of China. They always use birds because they "carry" more disease than any other animal
China 'appoints its top military bio-warfare expert to take over secretive virus lab in Wuhan' 
A new teahouse opened in DC today. No bubble tea on the menu, only high-end loose leaf tea from China. A cup (500ml) costs $5. I asked the owner, a Chinese having lived years in US, whether Americans will buy their tea. “Everyone who has asked this question is Chinese,” he said. 
Coronavirus latest: Confirmed cases in China rose to 66,492 and the number of deaths rose to 1,523.  …
I have known a lot of journalists in my career and @BeijingPalmer is not only brilliant but also explains things in a really clear way. (Bless you) and has spent decades covering China. really interesting conversation about coronavirus.  …
“The entire epidemic control effort in China is based on the SARS experience, which was about fever checks.” But people with #coronavirus can be infectious even if they show no symptoms. "This is a huge challenge," says @Laurie_Garrett on ATL Watch:  
BREAKING: The novel coronavirus has now infected more than 67,000 people globally, the vast majority in mainland China. The death toll is at least 1,526, including three people outside mainland China. 
Rui Zhong, a #Wuhan native and China analyst, joins the @NuVoices podcast to discuss tactics employed by the Chinese central government to co-opt the narrative surrounding the #coronavirus #COVID19 outbreak.  … @rzhongnotes @c1ndygao @supchinanews
When do we start having congressional investigations, FBI raids and Rachel Maddow'ian mongering into Michael Bloomberg's ties with China?
Live: China's State Council's briefing on mobilizing financial resources amid #coronavirus outbreak  …
2003 vs 2020: How Hong Kong’s coronavirus response is being hampered by opaque China-style governance  … #HongKong #China #coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak @kentewing1
China has offered to build HS2 in five years much more cheaply and with faster trains. Discussions have already started. Good. Maybe she could build hospitals as well. They have built one in ten days in China.
China’s coronavirus outbreak has sent Beijing’s diplomats into overdrive in a bid to keep other countries from adopting measures that imply  in Chinese efforts to contain the crisis. It generally hasn’t worked. 
China cracked down on the sale of exotic species after an outbreak of a new virus in 2002 was linked to markets selling live animals. The germ turned out to be a coronavirus that caused SARS. 
"1,700 health care workers in China have been diagnosed with COVID-19, and six of them have died, according to media reports". Most of the cases were in Hubei, the province at the center of the outbreak.  …
Very good article listing the possible economic impacts of the coronavirus. It quotes Yu Yongding as saying: “In the face of the deadly virus, all problems of debt, inflation and asset bubbles are secondary. China can worry about...  … via @financialtimes
China’s mishandling of the #coronavirus is now provoking questions abroad about  of its rulers and the reliability of whatever information they release. #FreeHongKong #Wuhan #IWfp 
WHO says joint China mission to start coronavirus probe this weekend  
Political leaders from across the world have expressed their confidence in China's efforts to fight the novel #coronavirus, saying China will achieve greater social and economic development after winning the battle against the epidemic  
The #CoronavirusOutbreak has disrupted the US #Pharmaceutical industry’s global supply chain—which is largely dependent on #China. The increasing dominance of #Beijing in the manufacturing of medicine poses a #NationalSecurity threat, says  …
So China is in a holy war against the #coronavirus on behalf of the whole world. This is the new narrative (also by Wang Yi in Europe). Let’s be clear. China is not locking up people behind closed doors f you nor me but for the party to stay in power.  …
Here's how the coronavirus has hit one of the most-populated regions on the planet - affecting around 500 million people in China  via 
BREAKING: The novel coronavirus has now infected more than 67,000 people globally, the vast majority in mainland China. The death toll is at least 1,526, including three people outside mainland China. 
All of our Politicians who allowed China to take over the production of our antibiotics needed in the US need to be taken out and horsewhipped in a public square.
WHO: We shouldn't call it "Wuhan coronavirus" because this might encourage bias and prejudice Joe Blow American: Wait, what's Wuhan, I thought the virus came from China
BREAKING NEWS!!! President Trump appoints new ambassador to Wuhan, China. Congratulations, fuckstick. 
In recent days, China’s Foreign Ministry has summoned diplomats from a number of Asian and Western countries  about their governments halting flights and issuing warnings against travel to China in response to the coronavirus. 
U.S. Dependent on China: 80% of the active pharmaceutical ingredients needed to make American drugs are produced in China. #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
“EU should also remain vigilant in case the outbreak hurts the production of pharmaceuticals in China, therefore leading to possible medical shortages.“ Panic anyone? World is *heavily* reliant on China for sourcing medicines and medicine ingredients.  …
As this Coronavirus spreads, has anyone heard from a WOF pastor about heading to China (or even claiming healing for all those impacted)? Me neither. . .
Lion Dairy was recently bought by  China Mengniu for $600 million. The Lion brands include Dairy Farmers, Masters and Pura milk; Dare and Farmers Union iced coffee; Big M, Dairy Farmers and Pura Classic flavoured milk; Vitasoy soy milk and coconut milk....  …
Report: 5K Additional Coronavirus Cases Confirmed In China  … 
Wait what?!? The Wuhan Coronavirus is an escaped from the laboratory Chinese military grade manufactured weapon? Coronavirus: United States Senator Tom Cotton Says China Has Been Lying ...  via @YouTube
Sounds  China. 
Numbers of novel #coronavirus pneumonia infections reported on daily basis excluding epicenter Hubei Province in China's mainland has declined for the 11th consecutive day on Friday, with 221 new cases. More provinces reported only single digit additions. 
China’s Ambassador to Malaysia was full of praise for Malaysia’s Health Ministry for the care extended to China nationals hospitalised in the country after they were found to have contracted #COVID19. @DrDzul @leeboonchye  …
"I'm telling you guys honestly from my experience of living in #China, China is gonna fix this really, really fast, and I do have so much confidence in that," an Australian who lives in China for many years talks about how China is dealing with the novel #coronavirus. 
Two video bloggers who documented coronavirus crisis in Wuhan have gone missing. Their videos showed fear, grief & dissatisfaction with government. Across China, at least 350 have been punished for ‘spreading rumors’. #ChenQiushi #FangBin  …
kind of fierce situation if u don’t buy ur not human also remind themselves to save money for wayV full length  we go all in! Altho wayV is independent in china, wayzenni r closely observing n learning from 127 cb. making suggestions and plans for wayV cb. Nice
Back from weibo, C wayzenni say older brother  (they call 127 older brother unit, Dream is younger brother unit ) is like a double 11 event in china So many goodies and discounts, bar’s managers basically spending their own money to uplift the sales, like in this 
Death toll from new coronavirus infection reaches 1,523 in mainland China. Follow all the latest updates: 
#LATEST on #COVID19 outbreak in China, as of Feb 14: - 66,492 confirmed cases in Chinese mainland, another 56 in HK, 10 in Macao and 18 in Taiwan - 1,523 deaths - 8,096 discharged from hospital 
Chinese Communist Government Treat Chinese people like slaves ! Can you believe this is 2020!?! #Coronavirius #china #Wuhan 
TONIGHT'S @EzraLevant Show: Telus is building 5G networks with China's Huawei despite the recent revelation of “back doors” in their technology. GUEST China expert @GordonGChang on #coronavirus. WATCH:  
What fast-ageing countries such as China tell us about our economic future  
Beijing’s bungled response to the Wuhan virus outbreak should spur us to reconsider the roots of China’s economic success, writes 
China is the world's second-biggest importer. Any economic weakness, no matter how temporary, is felt by all 
Cats are wearing coronavirus masks in China  #FoxNews . Note no dogs as they eat them!!! Sickos!!!!!!
Valentine? I know who my Valentine is this year. Pony Tsunotori This is probably one of the lewdest artworks I've ever made. Pretty sure it's illegal in China. 
These are new images of the deadly novel coronavirus released by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in the U.S. This is what you need to know about the spreading coronavirus that's killed more than 1,300 in China  
There are entire generations in China who don't know what it's like to have a brother or sister and that's a weird thing to think about.
China  indicted. Michael Avanati - convicted. Pedo predators - arrested. Bribery, public corruption, MS13 arrested and deported. It is the opposite of “Nothing is happening”!!! Open your eyes
when that kpop girl said she doesnt have a lot of fans in china now her chinese fans are making history as they currently raised over $200k in less than a week to support her 
World reaction to China's battle against #coronavirus leaves much for the Chinese to ponder. We shall resolutely guard ourselves against ugly rhetoric like racism; but for those who have shown their support and kindness, we have the utmost  
Singapore (population 5.7 million) had 9 new cases yesterday. At that rate, if Singapore had the population of China excluding Hubei, Singapore would've had 2163 cases yesterday. All of China except Hubei yesterday had 221 cases.
The coronavirus crisis in China adds a new stress on China's financial system 
CHINA COULD BUILD HS2 “The China Railway Construction Corporation has told the Government it can build the high-speed line in just five years at a much lower cost than is currently forecast” How long before we have an ISC report into ‘Chinese Influence’ in UK politics...?!?  …
No matter what the US does or does not do, #China considers America to be its enemy. It's not about us; it's about them.  …
China reported a huge increase in new COVID-19 cases. Here’s why it’s actually a step in the right direction 
China added 2,641 additional #coronavirus cases, taking the total number of people affected to 66,492, the NHC said Saturday. As many as 1,523 people have died from the virus so 
Tokyo Olympic organizers and the International Olympic Committee say there is no “Plan B” for the 2020 Games, which have been jolted by the outbreak of a virus in neighboring China. by @stephenwadeap and 
WATCH: Glenn Beck exposes MORE Biden corruption, this time  China 
"As coronavirus cases and deaths spike in China, the regime in Beijing is looking for a devil to blame." 
The #coronavirusoutbreak has laid bare the failures of Xi top-down, repressive approach for all of Chinese society to see. In @yuenyuenang's view, that fundamentally changes the power dynamic in China  #Coronavirustruth
Counting the economic impact of the , from tourism to supply chain , has revealed some cracks in Southeast Asia’s growth models that leaned too heavily on external demand and China-centric supply chains to drive their own domestic economic growth.  …
UPDATE: China's National Health Commission reports 221 new cases and 4 new deaths outside Hubei province since yesterday  …
Okay BBC, so given the staunch wording of this headline when China does it, it's "bad and authoritarian" but when any other country does the same it's just normal and understandable? Right, got it. 
China has recorded 5,090 more cases of #WuhanCoronavirus, bringing the global total to 64,435. The death toll is at least 1,383, including 3 people outside mainland China. Over 1,700 medical workers in China infected by the virus, 6 have died. @foxnewsalert 
Britain is in talks with China over giving the country’s state-owned railway builder a role in constructing HS2  …
Here's a look at where the coronavirus cases are throughout China  
As of Feb. 14, #coronavirus kills 1,523 people in #China. Other key figures are as follows: - 66,492 confirmed cases, another 56 in HK (1 death), 10 in Macao and 18 in Taiwan - 8,096 discharged from hospital - 11,053 in critical condition more:  
“There is now a global supply crisis for PPEs [full-body protection]…Where are they all made, for the most part? China. ...I don’t know where PPEs are going  from if we have this epidemic here.” @Laurie_Garrett on ATL PREMIERE 8pm ET:  
China Adds 2,641 Cases; Wuhan Tightens Quarantine: Virus Update  …
Concerning to see cases continue to grow even after extraordinary measures implemented by officials in Hubei province. The new cases were likely infected after those measures were implemented. Likely a reason China is now, perhaps in a futile effort, tightening them still further  …
SHANGHAI/BEIJING, Feb 15 (Reuters) - The death toll from a coronavirus outbreak in mainland China had reached 1,523 as of the end of Friday, up by 143 from the previous day, the country's National Health Commission said on Saturday morning.
#China confirmed 2641 new cases of #coronavirus, bringing the total number to 66492 as of Friday and the death toll had rise to 1523, said the National Health Commission.
During this #coronavirus epidemic in China, we see more and more long lines forming across the entire country. They’re running low on food and supplies. If the world’s second largest economy can’t handle COVIN19 disaster, what about other countries? 
#Vietnam announced it has blocked one #CruiseShip from docking over fears of the #Coronavirus that is sweeping through #China, according to state media outlets. It isn’t clear if there are any confirmed cases of #COVID19 onboard the  …
There's some pretty unsettling news in here. First, that so many medical workers have caught (though only six reported deaths), largely due to inadequate supplies. But now the virus has spread to Africa. Also China is disappearing critics:  …
Wuhan University is offering a fully funded scholarship to attract outstanding international students for Masters and PhD studies in China. Other benefits are included. Application is FREE. Nigerians are eligible. Apply before March 31st 2020.  …
Only 13 economies have grown 7% annually for 25 years: Botswana Brazil China HK Indonesia Japan S. Korea Malaysia Malta Oman Singapore Taiwan Thailand 
Who was the genius that decided we needed our drugs made in China?? That is so stupid. I don't trust them with toys or even phones but holy cow certainly not medicine. They could kill us all before we had a clue what was happening! God please help us idiots.  …
When Xi Jinping staked his claim as "leader for life," he did so on the promise that he would ensure the health, wealth and security of China’s 1.4 billion people. His government’s failed response to the #coronavirus has given lie to that social 
Comrade General Chi Haotian, Vice-Chairman Of China’s Military Commission, December, 2005 openly discussed using biological warfare not only against the US, but on their own people.  …
Coronavirus update: - 66,887 cases worldwide - 10,109 suspected cases - 1,523 fatalities - 10,757 in serious/critical condition - 7,720 recovered - Most cases in China - Today: First case in Egypt - 26 countries reporting cases
Deutsche Post stops sending packages to China over coronavirus  
Trump defends Xi Jinping as a strong leader. These are the actions of a Dictator. China today - here tomorrow?  …
Speaker Pelosi bluntly championed true freedom of information and starkly sounded the alarm for other global leaders who may not be fully awake to the threat of China's widening digital influence. #CA12 #MSC2020  
#COVID19 Today, we saw: - One new presumptive confirmed case in Canada - The first case in Egypt - 3 new cases in Hong Kong - 8 new cases in Japan - 9 new cases in Singapore - 2694 new cases in China - 145 fatalities in China source:  … [end of thread]
(Bloomberg) --Wuhan, the Chinese city where coronavirus outbreak is centered, further tightened its already-strict quarantine on residents, and Egypt confirmed its first infected patient. China’s Hubei province reported 2,420 additional cases The number of deaths rose to 1,457.
“The time is very short, and we and our allies must act quickly,” Barr said. US officials have spoken of the importance of finding an alternative to #China’s @Huawei, with experts telling @EpochTimes it would be a good move to boost  …
BREAKING: China reports 139 more virus deaths in hard-hit province | via 
BREAKING: China's Hubei Province reports 139 #coronavirus deaths on Feb. 
reminder that the railway minister who created China's high speed rail network was jailed for stealing US$250 million while maintaining 18 mistresses and bearing primary responsibility for a crash that killed 40 people   …
If India agrees to play ball, the US will help on PoK. But that requires hard nose bargaining on give and take with US and not shashtang dandavat namaskars. Incidentally China too has a role to play in Afghan peacekeeping. Thus the Global Triumvirate emerges
I've imported/export a bit from EU to Asia, utter melts like Boris have no idea of the costs. I recently sent about 15 items to China, took 1.5 hours to get the codes right for things like plain bearings, we now have to do this to France 20 odd miles away on everything.  …
US economics professor Khairy Tourk on corona virus: “There has been too much exaggeration of the negative effects of this epidemic... [China] is moving in the right direction in dealing with its crisis”  …
#AnimalCruelty #AnimalAbuse #AnimalLovers #dogsarefamily #EndYulin #YulinFestival #StopDogmeat Xi Jingping: Stop China’s Yulin Festival - Sign the Petition!  via @Change
 … Harvard, Yale and other Poison Ivy League schools in China's pocket
NYT kicks new anti-China Cold War Propaganda into high gear  …
email from a friend: "before you pop that bubble wrap, remember the air is from China."
15 February 1996. At the Xichang Satellite Launch Centre in China, a Long March 3B rocket, carrying Intelsat 708, crashed into a rural town after lift-off, resulting in a significant but unconfirmed number of casualties. 
What does the world's biggest building reveal about China's economy?  
To ALL THE DAN’S of the world WAKE UP - Russia China whoever has been in our ELECTIONS FOR DECADES LETS STOP THE BULLSHIT NOW  … 
Love passes the test (China Daily) 
An expert on China's autocratic record on human rights, democracy movements and market conduct, Speaker Pelosi spoke further on the potential danger of the  missing an opportunity for cooperation & consensus in directing the future of 5G technology. #CA12 
Glad to know that Pastor Jim Bakker can cure the #coronavirus! I strongly urge him to go to China right at this moment. Imagine how many people will find Jesus when they are saved by the "silver solution"! 
Ming Yang is a permanent resident of Canada (15 years) & hasn't visited China in six months. She currently cannot board a Norwegian Cruise Line vessel because she holds a Chinese passport. A Canadian passport holder -- in her exact situation -- would be allowed to board the ship.  …
Do people realize how big of a deal this is for #Vechain? "(CCTV) is the predominant public television network in Mainland China. CCTV has a network of 50 channels broadcasting different programmes and is accessible to more than one billion viewers: $VET $BTC $ETH $XRP  
My grandson Sam asked me to talk to his preK class about China. I was elated. Never worked so hard to prepare. We talked about culture, language, food differences but same values & aspirations. The smart kids had many questions. We had fun. I am now accepting public invitations. 
U.S., China, Russia making world more dangerous: German president  
Philip Cross & Pierre Poilievre: Hey, woke folk: Coastal GasLink will help get China off coal|FP “If protesters truly cared about the environment, they'd be demonstrating for projects like LNG Cda & Coastal GasLink...” Many don’t know what they protest.  …
"Younger staff are assigned to the more critical #COVID19 cases, w/expectation if they get sick they are more likely to recover." #China NHC: 1700 healthcare workers infected/6 deaths -how did workers became infected? -is rate of transmission slowing?  …
Hello, hotline? I'm concerned about the absence of a neutral adjudication mechanism in the U.S -China trade deal. Yes, I'll hold.  …
#Saudi Arabia stands beside #China in helping  novel #coronavirus (COVID-19), affirming the strong ties and depth of the historical friendship between the two 
China's 'cowboy capitalism' must be curtailed: Senator Romney  
It’s not. Most of the world doesn’t make too much. India. China. Africa. If you make 32k a year you make more than 99 percent of workers. Fact.
China is literally the imperialistic power trying to make a grab for land and marine rights in Southeast Asia but go off I guess  …
That statement about SE Asians being racist to China when China is literally the imperialistic power in the region trying to make a grab for SE Asian land and marine rights..............
Friend in China went to a karaoke night and then this woman stood up ....very good 
This weekend marks the date the Overwatch League was set to debut in China. We promised real time updates on rescheduling matches, and today we have more information for our #OWL2020 fans Latest update here  …
China's 'oldest coronavirus patient', 96, recovers after being treated in intensive care units for three days 
These chickens in China are offering messages of support amid the deadly coronavirus outbreak. 
Remember the deal to sell Grouse Mountain involving China's megacorp CMIG? A lawsuit claims a co-investor was defrauded out of 30% stake - and he paid C$500,000 (!) for a private jet flight from Shanghai for two CMIG execs to visit the resort  … via @scmpnews
#China #debt-to- @GDP has topped 300%! ht 
I don't know if the people in the vid are even Uyghurs, but the fact that these "China watchers" turn a fun dance routine meant to provide a little exercise and emotional uplift into some sinister plot shows the depths of their hate and delusion
feels like they are looking at this exactly the up side down way. #crypto will progress regardless. The best way to keep dollar dominance is to encourage it to be used as the reserve for stable coins. Or blockchainize the dollar. No? China is going for it.  …
The photos say it all — THIS IS UNETHICAL AND HORRIFYING! Infamous animal tormentor Nikos Logothetis, who was previously under criminal investigation, is fleeing to China to continue his deadly experiments where he cuts into LIVE MONKEYS’ BRAINS. 
1. It pisses me off to no end that China, Russia, & Japan are getting their maritime requirements right in this area, and we can't. 2. It pisses me off that Russia has such damn good livery for their aircraft while ours have the style of laundry lint.  …
"China is eradicating Uyghur culture" "China is forcing Uyghurs to practice their culture"  …
Today the phase one "deal" with China goes into effect. Tariffs continue for American farmers, manufacturers, businesses and consumers & it's unlikely that China will uphold  to buy an additional $200 billion of goods in the next 2 years. 
A minor footnote to the tragic Coronavirus outbreak is the status of a favorite week of #nbatwitter, “China Klay Week”. Warriors PR and team trainers are  either “Cabo Klay” or the even less risk adverse “Concord Klay”. 
"What if... #Russia and #China Became Allies?" Tonight, @EU_ISS held a discussion on an imagined future – a future with an alliance between Russia and China. Raising this question is part of the book project "What if...? Futures for 2024"  …
What a spectacular wonder! Five suns are seen shining in the sky in N China's Inner Mongolia 
Underseas cables carry 95%of all international data, and Huawei is building or improving nearly 100 of them. China now controls 60% of the world’s  market:  
500MILLION people in China are on lockdown because of coronavirus 
Super cool - This was the first time robots lead a fire and rescue drill in China. 
China is just one giant escape room right now.
A World Health Organization-led mission to China will start investigating the coronavirus outbreak, focusing on the severity of COVID-19 and how it is spreading, especially among health workers  
Longmen Grottoes is located in Luoyang, Henan Province of China. Emperor Xiaowendi of Northern Wei Dynasty (386 - 534) firstly directed the construstion in 493 when he moved capital to Luoyang. The grottoes were continuously built until the Northern Song Dynasty (960 - 1127). 
The Forbidden City in Beijing, China, once served as the palace for 24 emperors during the Ming and Qing Dynasties (1368 - 1911). Surrounded by a 52-meter-wide moat and a 10-meter-high wall are more than 8,700 rooms. Listed by UNESCO as a World Cultural Heritage Site in 1987. 
Huashan is located in Huaying City, Shaanxi Province of China, 120 kilometers away from Xi'an. It is one of the sacred mountains related to Taoism in China, and well-known for its steep cliffs. Climbing Huashan is regarded as one of the most dangerous hikings in the world. 
Ummm, Hawaii? “In Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture, a man in his 60s who recently returned from a trip to Hawaii has tested positive for the coronavirus, the city govt said. He has not visited China recently.” Need more details on this #COVID19 case.  …
As China grapples with major health scare, much of the impact remains unknown. We look to past events for perspective on what it may mean for the market.
Guoqing Temple is located in Zhejiang Province, China. It built in 598 during Sui Dynasty & renovated during the reign of Yongzheng Emperor (1722 – 1735) in Qing Dynasty. It was the initial site for creation of the Tiantai school of Mahayana Buddhism, founded by Zhiyi (538 – 597) 
However, it is the far more important - for China's GDP - construction steel sector where apparent demand has literally hit the bottom of the chart, down an unprecedented 88% Y/Y or as Goldman puts it, "construction steel demand is approaching zero." 
Exclusive: Senior China diplomat concedes challenge of coronavirus, slams 'overreaction'  
Huawei is a powerful tool of the Chinese state to expand its influence, prosperity, & surveillance capabilities. Yes, Huawei devices  infrastructure will siphon your info. No, Huawei will not protect your data. It will  China's property. Do not buy Huawei devices.
Guys, don't share those videos of 'mass executions of Coronavirus patients' in China. Obvious BS. Created to cause panic by using pre-existing video, dubbed over.
Yamdrok Lake (羊卓雍错) is located in Ngarzhag County of Tibet, China. It covers an area of 678 square km (67, 800 hectares). The average altitude of it is 4, 442 meters. Yamdrok Lake is one of the three sacred lakes of Tibet together with Namtso Lake and Lake Manasarovar. 
Seeing a lot of chatter about Huawei & its alleged ties to the Chinese govt. Let me make this very clear: Huawei's ultimate goal is the advancement of China. There is no distinction btwn Huawei & China.  & US allies have no business getting into business w/ Huawei.
#FridayNightFrills 18th Century men's waistcoat, cream coloured ribbed silk with floral embroidery, possibly worked in China for export to the West, c.1740's via 
This report is far out. The doctors in China are now collecting blood from patients who have the coronavirus to treat people who are sick. Some how this seems like we are going back to the dark ages to treat the sick. 
Wow, this is going to shake things up.. China offers to build HS2 in five years and for less money  … via @financialtimes
"If you're from China, I need to know." Sir, you don't need to know a damn thing.  …
"China Is Disintegrating: Steel Demand, Property Sales, Traffic All Approaching Zero"  … IT'S ONLY THE SECOND-LARGEST ECONOMY IN THE WORLD.
The Holy See’s Secretary for Relations with States, Archbishop Paul Richard Gallagher, met Friday with China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi on the sidelines of the Munch Security Conference. 
China Law Society is now  the "ecological killing" (生态灭杀) of hedgehogs, bats, pangolins, magpies, and poisonous snakes. This is absolutely INSANE and dangerous!  … #coronavirus #Wuhan #china #nCoV2019 #sarscov2 #covid19 #WuhanCoronavirus
Big step in #tradewar: #China and the #US officially cut #tariffs on each other’s goods on Fri for the first time in nearly two years; however, Chinese experts say the #coronavirus epidemic and the US crackdown on #huawei will delay phase two talks.  
Ethiopian Airlines decision to keep flying to China (despite the Coronvirus outbreak) shows that Ethiopia is determined to prioritize its relationship with China.
At least 1,716 health workers in China have been infected with the new coronavirus, or COVID-19, Chinese officials say. Six have died from it. 
#China’s #PLA biological warfare strategy textbook from 2017 debuted a section on new kinds of #BiologicalWarfare including “ethnic specific genetic attacks.” The #coronavirus could possibly be a product of this strategy?! Watch the video for more info: 
To protect the US public, the President’s #COVID19 Task Force evaluated options & felt collectively that it was time for us to temporarily put travelers returning from Hubei Province into mandatory quarantine and screen  from mainland China for illness  …
Last night in #Guangzhou, people started shouting from their apartments too. One of the many scenes in #China during the #coronavirusoutbreak #COVID_2019 #广州 人昨晚也开始乱喊了。 #武汉肺炎 
China Is Disintegrating: Steel Demand, Property Sales, Traffic All Approaching Zero | Zero Hedge  …
Before the #coronavirus spread throughout China, putting the freedom, health and wellbeing of millions of innocent people at risk, millions of innocent #Uighurs were already being imprisoned, tortured and killed because they had the "virus" of  …
Coronavirus paralyzes China's live sector as concert cancellations and box office losses mount 
Another #Christian pastor, #PastorWangYi, is in prison in #China. He’s one of the latest victims of the crackdown of Christians in China. Pastors, churches, & everyday churchgoers are not safe from the persecution. This must end.  
"Confronting an outbreak requires more than just an ability to throw up hospitals in a few days; it necessitates trust. And from the beginning, China’s public response to the virus has raised questions," writes TIME's 
An APC guy spent over 8million to throw bash in Yenegoa last November immediately after the election, he hosted virtually every groups in Bayelsa. His house was like balogun market till yesterday morning but today his house was like China embassy. Human being
We asked @MikeBloomberg 12 questions about his foreign policy views. Read his answers on China, trade, Saudi Arabia, and more 
FT WEEKEND: China offers to build HS2 in 5 years 
According to the Washington Post,  is heavily invested in China  the Chinese government, even if that means turning a blind eye to its realities. This closeness reveals a huge weakness in his bid to be president of the USA". #Trump2020 
As I suspected, we are going to be a province of China. So much for taking back control  …
Do you know I also ship my Beautiful Waist Beads to other countries like Germany, UK, Canada, China, South Africa, USA??? Do you know your Retweets could get me more clients? 
I suspect the Chiltern Hills and the Daily Telegraph hold no fear for China’s railway engineers 
How could you get on Twitter?! Why China blocked Twitter yet asked its spokesperson to create an account? Isn’t it shameful? Anyway, we can have some fun with Xi here,  to the free world! 
It’s time that countries around the world shut down all further travel to and from China. They’ve proven they cannot control the coronavirus, they need to be put on a countrywide quarantine.
CHINESE & VIETNAMESE citizens arrested illegally entering the USA through southern border. @TomCottonAR We need our military deployed to the border! Anyone sick will want to get into the USA for best medical care. #Coronavius #CoronavirusOutbreak #pandemic #china 
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi says the U.S. travel ban amid the coronavirus outbreak makes it difficult for China to implement the phase-one trade deal between the two countries, Reuters reports.  …
Keep in mind: to preserve the True Faith, the Underground Church in China is disobedient to the Holy See, refusing directives to join the Patriotic Church of China. FSSP/ICKSP Trads: careful when calling another Trad group “schismatic” or “Protestant”.  …
WTF. They're sending SWAT units to scare people in sanctuary cities. This is is the very picture of a dictatorship. Deploying tanks and militarized forces to intimidate your own people. I expected to see this on the streets of the Philippines or China. Never in America.  …
CA's CalPERS CIO Yu Ben Meng is a graduate of something @FBI calls "a non-traditional espionage" program, and he's quoted in a Chinese-language newspaper saying he has "roots in China" and feels a sense of "honor and responsibility" to "serve the motherland." 
I think this coronavirus business is gonna sink China's economy tbh, they're heavily dependent on exports and with business travelers being scared to travel and make deals, the factories that once pumped out shoddy plastic junk for the foreign market are going to go unused.
Let’s be real here, Laurie Garrett of *checks notes* The Council on Foreign Relations isn’t concerned about a global pandemic, she’s concerned about a declining US empire and China’s emerging economic/political influence via the Belt and Road Initiative
In ancient times, Zhenjiang City in E China was called Jingkou. Located at the golden cross of the Yangtze River and the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, it is a place of strategic importance. 
Outside mainland China, there have been about 580 COVID-19 infections reported in around 30 locations, and three deaths: one each in the Philippines, Hong Kong and Japan  
U.S. private sector donates 2 million masks to China to fight against #coronavirus  
CHINA FM SAYS U.S. TRAVEL BAN MAKES TRADE DIFFICULT: RTRS - Trade deal dead  …
Enjoyed a roundtable discussion w @CAPApilots to talk about the safety of the flying public & learn more about challenges they face in aviation. I also thanked them for helping protect flight crews & travelers as the #coronavirus continues to spread throughout China & the region. 
Update on USD/CNH we now have a bull flag inside of a larger bull flag China fixing was 6.9843 today...I would argue that they have lost control of the fixing ....this is super bullish 
#Wuhan #Coronavirus: first series of cases in 9 infants in China. Age range 1-11m. All infected from a family member. 4 had fever, 2 had mild upper respiratory tract symptoms, 1 was asymptomatic - no info in 2 cases. No ICU, No deaths. JAMA Letters  …
WHITE HOUSE CONSIDERING TAX INCENTIVE TO BUY STOCKS: CNBC - China trade deal R.I.P.
The #Coronavirus outbreak is #China's Chernobyl. Both are cases of #Communist regimes confronted with crisis and responding with secrecy and lies. We've seen how bad the Chernobyl disaster became. The deaths & political fallout in China promise to be huge.  …
Question: does Mexico manufacture pills, insulin, medicines? If not, where do their medical  from? China? 
When a Software Engineer finally gets to go On-site after 12 years of service and it’s China 
Trillion Dollar Economies 2020 US: 21.4 China: 14.4 Japan: 5.2 Germany: 3.9 India 2.9 UK: 2.7 France: 2.7 Italy: 1.99 Brazil: 1.9 Canada: 1.7 Russia: 1.6 S. Korea: 1.6 Spain: 1.4 Australia: $1.4 Mexico: 1.3 Indonesia: 1.1 #StatiSense (CEOWORLD)
To all those who  corona on the post, I’ve only ever seen China in photos so y’all can rot and take your racist stuff elsewhere xx  …
The ability to protect intellectual property is gravely threatened if China  the next Director General of the @WIPO. China has already done enormous damage to the US stealing our IP. @Heritage new Report is a 
China’s Beijing sets 14-day quarantine rule for arrivals: official daily  
Glad @usedgov is holding universities accountable. China steals value IP from schools, while sending them bucket-loads of cash. US firms/nat sec lose big. We can do more via my bill, mandating vetting of foreign students researching DoD funded projects.  …
Love on the Silk Road #ValentinesDay depicted on the sarcophagus of a Sogdian couple from Central Asia L: Getting married in NW China. R: Embarking on their journey from NW China to Chang'an in Chinese heartland. Husband died in 579 at the age of 86, wife died a few months later 
Pro-Beijing FTU’s Bill Tang criticising @joshuawongcf buying “Made in China” masks from the US - but everyone’s focus is his newly obtained eye brows  
so you’re telling me neo zone pre-orders are ranked #1 on ktown4u, sold out at target AND china based fans already surpassed 100,000 pre-orders? did someone say nct world domination? 
The quarantine confinement in #Wuhan #China for the #coronavirus ... will he have got the parents to play with their 
Tackling #coronavirus using drone technology! Brendan Schulman @dronelaws from China tech firm @DJIGlobal discusses #drone use to disinfect 1000+ Chinese counties amid the outbreak, regulating drone technology & protecting data and content. 
I couldn't stop thinking about that amazing Reddit post about living & cooking under coronavirus lockdown in Shunde, China, so I skyped the folks who wrote it and we had a truly fascinating conversation  …
If #China removed all capital controls and allowed the renminbi to float freely, there would be no bottom. The currency would  almost worthless as Chinese enterprises and individuals sought refuge in hard currencies.  …
"By Jaysus".... A halo rises over the head of the great @tonymullins84 after China's Storm won @DundalkStadium  
We need to start monitoring "deaths from all causes" in China and other countries where testing for #covid19 #coronavirus infection is limited. In widespread epidemics, it  a reasonably proxy for case fatality rate... look at these graphs from 
Old systems of hierarchical control that for so long could impose an authoritative narrative may well be doomed, even in China, by the democratization of access to information. —Nathan Gardels in  …
Total U.S. merchandise exports to China fell 11% last year to about $107 billion 
It's not just a choice. It's a national security imperative. We're locked in a  with China on innovation and technology. They have a BILLION more people than we have. We cannot hamper the achievement of ANY American and hope to succeed in that contest.  …
Hey @AOC you  so much why don’t you let me buy you a ticket first class to China, I hear this time of year is the best time visit. 
CAN ANYBODY TELL WHATS REALLY GOING ON IN CHINA #dcqstaff #trump2020 @realDonaldTrump  @deanomight1 
#UPDATE The health emergency in China has caused fears of further global contagion, with more than two dozen countries reporting hundreds of cases among them - including Egypt, which reported the first case in Africa 
also, use some  sense! if you see someone claim that China has magnitudes of orders less flu deaths than the US, think 'how is this possible?' and do the five minutes of research to discover China doesn't count deaths from flu-caused pneumonia as from the flu.
Pak, West Asia and China have realized who is going to settle Kashmir. Only hold outs are Cold War ghosts in US establishment. It's over folks. Go home!  …
What do you do when you’re out of face masks amid a #CoronavirusOutbreak in China? Steam them, says Chongqing resident @1ManManyVOices #新型肺炎 
My mind is really blown. How many thousands of points did the Dow and NASDAQ rise because of "trade hopes?" And now China has been shut down for weeks, global factories are shutting down, and the market thinks that's good news or irrelevant? Because "stimulus?" Are you kidding?
#China rejects #Pompeo’s remarks about Chinese infiltration into US government  …
World Over Hot Take: @CardJosephZen on the state of the Church in China and the impact of the Vatican/ China deal 
Hi guys! Thank you to everyone who've been checking up on me and my situation in China right now. I made a short documentary about my time here thus far. Again, thank you for your kind words during this difficult time for many people. 
...first world rates for labor then add on top of that  social security, payroll tax... then to cover the costs you have to increase the price. Which then gets added to the sales tax. How are you going  against a manufacturer in china paying...
in case anyone in Europe was wondering if the US shift towards China would endure beyond the end of a Trump presidency, this probably clears it up  …
Subsidized shipping directly from china to US customers at a loss. This also allowed chinese manufacturers to avoid the establishing a “nexus” in the states as the product wasn’t even warehouses in the states. Imagine being an american manufacturer and having to pay...
Says the chic that sells cheap china jewelry... mmmk! If only people knew the amount of time we spend on "leather to hang from your ears" RUDE and unnecessary. 
The entire system is rigged to remove the importance of brands. Amazon admits this. Their  engine achieves it. China’s entire economic system is designed to produce cheap products to US markets. They do not have to pay sales taxes to US and USPS under Obama...
Alberta is threatening separation. Our economy has been downgraded. Coronavirus is threatening our health. China has our citizens. Our railway and highways  as natural energy sector being sabotaged by illegal protestors. We are leaderless. #TrudeauOnTour  …
#CoronaVirus warning over a 'Bus Conference' but flights from #China (where shops now avoid any human contact) pour into UK airports all day every day. COMPLETE MADNESS & GOVT MUST ACT NOW 
"The ship is being developed by China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation (CSIC)" CA's pension fund @CalPERS is invested in CSIC. That's right, they're funding China’s “killer robot ship.” @GavinNewsom, stop undermining our nat sec & stand up to China!  …
CCP extends political controls over Catholic church in Hong Kong, with assistance of the Vatican. CCP controls religion in China under so-called "Patriotic Associations". Churches were major source of resistance during #HongKongProtests &  …
But CCP is seeing the whole world as China 
He's gone to China Town. Wow.  …
Death toll in the #COVID19 outbreak nears 1,500 in China..The number of those infected jumps by 5,090 in a single day taking the total beyond 65,000 Read More:  
Glad to see the wide press coverage on Chen Qiushi and Fang Bin, citizen journalists disappeared (or "quarantined") by authorities. I urge journos to cover human rights defenders in China on a regular basis. They are the engines of real change in China.  …
A reduction in 50-80% of China's industrial output without a corresponding slowdown in demand? Supply chain disruption leading to job losses? Global inflation? BoP crises? What will happen?
It’s time for global businesses to admit it: China isn’t a good investment  …
Dear pro-vaxxers, now is your time to go to China and show us what those vaccines can do!
Traffic at China’s 25 busiest airports is down 80% since the beginning of the year.  
I’m calling for a day of fasting and prayer for #China in general and the local #church in particular with the #coronavirus crisis on Saturday February 15th, 
President Trump — thinking Americans understand this is China’s way to buying the presidency. Make your campaign scorched earth to ensure that doesn’t happen @parscale @TrumpWarRoom
Health officials in China say 1,716 medical workers have contracted the novel coronavirus so far, including six who have died of Covid-19, the disease caused by the virus. 
The death of Li Wenliang has shaken China like an earthquake 
Nobody went to jail for lying us into Iraq, the leaky bucket of $called Afghanistan and so on... This from the Senate report, UK did their own called the Chiclot Report which was very condemning of Blair, today he's a China made billionaire  …
U.S., China, Russia making world more dangerous: German president  
‘Anti-epidemic masks as we know them today were invented in China more than a century ago, during the Chinese state’s first effort to contain an epidemic by biomedical means... Some wearers would first stamp them with a seal from a temple’  …
China is pressuring countries around the globe to accept their worldview and enough is enough. Yesterday I joined @SenTedCruz to intro the Taiwan Symbols of Sovereignty Act, allowing the Taiwanese officials to proudly display their flag while in the  …
Dangers on the frontline in Wuhan: supplies are so scarce that doctors are begging for masks and using plastic bags as shoe coverings. 1,716 medical workers have already been infected in China so far. 6 have died.  …
2/14 #CoronavirusOutbreak “Great discipline is taking place in China, as President Xi strongly leads what will be a very successful operation”- 2/7/2020 President Trump Trust me on this. In socialist country, “Discipline” has different meaning. Today “no mask” means jail time. 
MONOPOLY China produces/exports to US 97% of antibiotics/80% active ingredients used to make drugs in US 40% of generic drugs sold n US have a single manufacturer Production is centered in Hubei (corinavirus) Why did previous Pres Admins allow this?  …
Next question is what to do. While we have countable numbers of cases outside China, tracing, counting, trying to stop onward transmission one case at a time will help to buy time for those populations and on the hope that mitigating factors above hold, could maybe buy a lot
SHOCKING! Bloomberg's BILLIONS & BILLIONS from yrs of cozying up w/our chief econ & mil threat! Now trying to buy the presidency w/THAT $$$. Who do you think China's rooting for? POTUS who slaps tariffs on them or the guy that has given them basically everything they wanted?  …
I just asked Sen. Lindsey Graham if the Trump Administration should be doing more to secure the release of the two Canadian Michaels held by China. Yes, he said, adding that he would press the Admin to do more and would call on other countries to do the same. #MSC2020 #cdnpoli
Public Notice for Parents of Overseas Pakistani students in China 
Wow Emperor Corona lied 2 President Trump: "during the phone call, President Xi assured President Trump that China was on it, would be openness, will accept our help, export targets will be delayed little bit but will be met...We are disappointed that we haven't been invited in."  …
Coronavirus UPDATE China Fights Coronavirus with 'Wartime' Measures. Watch 
The Cultural Revolution resulted in the deaths of anywhere between 20 to 50 million people my dudes. China's bad at record-keeping when  to owning up to its messes.  …
China's 'oldest coronavirus patient', 96, recovers after being treated in intensive care units for three days 
214/ Meeting planned with the parents of students in China. 
The Trump administration wants to squeeze China’s Huawei even more, and the Pentagon is now ready to go along  …
BTS: Love is Not Over  …
4) Seasonal factors could be much more powerful at reducing transmission than we currently expect. That doesn't help the Southern hemisphere, and is not consistent with behavior in China (preprint in queue from @MauSantillana et al.)
More lockdowns occuring 10 days after China fraudulently began reporting a recovery phase in the data.  …
Overseas Chinese send gift to couple who have postponed their wedding in northeast China's Shenyang due to novel coronavirus outbreak. Being a policeman and a doctor, the couple have both worked on the frontline battling against the #COVID19 
