REPLACING HUAWEI & ZTE: The Senate has passed a bill to provide $1 billion for small telecom providers to replace equipment made by China's  Huawei and ZTE #ChinaWatch  …
China’s biggest exercise in remote learning is under way 
2 days does not a trend make, but it feels like China's #Covid19 numbers might be ticking up a bit. 573 yesterday, with 35 deaths. Overal confirmed cases there are getting very close to 80,000. Total deaths are 
Amazing NASA images show how pollution has CLEARED over China as coronavirus crisis has kept everyone indoors  …
Amazing cluster of ancient buildings in north China's Xinzhou City. 
New official daily coronavirus numbers from China are out 3 new cases in all of China outside Hubei 5 new cases in all of Hubei outside Wuhan 565 new cases in Wuhan Real or fake? Who knows  …
Actually, I think he should go to China and figure out how to solve this thing. And he should take Ivanka. I hear Wuhan is the perfect place for a great photo-op.
Coronavirus scare could result with more store bought products reading "Made In America" instead of "Made In China"
One more time, more bluntly: there is zero evidence to suggest this has anything to do with fandom ship wars or anti- activity. China is an oppressive state. Blame the government before you blame each other.  …
There are actually people celebrating the banning of ao3 in China because “it’s a website full of freaks who write bad fic” and I just really feel like I’m stuck in the matrix right now
BREAKING: If you are not ahead of an exponential process it is as if you are doing nothing. Today's Coronavirus update shows outside China, including South Korea, Italy and Iran, countries are not ahead. The outbreak is growing rapidly. 
I know #Coronavirus is spreading outside of China, but total active cases are still falling. Active cases are the only ones that can spread the virus. Today 43,293 vs 44,314 yesterday. The press keeps reporting total cases, and deaths, but not recoveries. 
Satellite images have shown a dramatic decline in pollution levels over China, which is "at least partly" due to an economic slowdown prompted by the coronavirus, US space agency Nasa says.  …
BREAKING: 35 new coronavirus deaths in China
Dear Democrats and Fake News ... Your disgusting latest - "We've really got Trump this time." BS - blaming him for a virus from China ... WILL NOT WORK! Trump is going to be your President until January 2025 - and there's absolutely nothing you can do about it but cry.
Look at the impact we have on our atmosphere. The air pollution over China has dropped significantly with the slowdown of activity in China. Just mind blowing ....  …
"no but China banning ao3 is a good thing because there's fanfiction I don't like there so the whole website is bad" 
Fellow Americans, If the Democrats get control of the WH, please remember that they want open borders. They want anyone  here, anytime, from anywhere. If another "Coronavirus" happens under their watch, it will be as widespread here, as it is in China. Do we want that?
Visualization: #COVID19 daily new confirmed cases outside China by country Credits to u/nycdataviz Visit  for the latest updates Make sure you follow @covid2019app & fill in the form  … if you are interested in joining our 
ABC News reporting that plane loads of people from Italy, Iran, China & elsewhere are landing and they are not being checked at airport. YIKES
the issue with the firewalling of AO3 in china is chilling because in the end, it is due to a pervading idea of "moral purity" that requires cleansing of things deemed dirty and currupting,  or even fascism although political structures enforce it.
Because AO3 is blocked in China, if anyone from there wants to read any of my fics please let me know, I'll download any of my stories for you and DM you a link.
Now that the US limits travel from China and Iran due to coronavirus, will the Trump admin impose a travel ban on California, Oregon, Washington state?… They don’t seem to grasp the importance of TESTING people IN THE US for #COVID19— we already  transmission here!
Coronavirus Doesn’t Stop Religious Persecution in China  …
The one piece of good news is a report that China has sent a team of experts to Iran  …
Deaths from #COVID19 as of 29 Feb via @WHO #coronavirus Total: 2,924 deaths China: 2,838 deaths Iran: 34 deaths Italy: 21 deaths South Korea: 17 deaths *: 6 deaths Japan: 5 deaths France: 2 deaths Philippines: 1 death *Diamond Princess ship  …
China reveals deep hit from coronavirus crisis, further destabilizing world economy Trump, meanwhile, denounced criticism of his response to the threat as a “hoax” cooked up by his political enemies.  … via @HuffPost
Here is the China data. Today (after this figure) there are only 3 cases outside Hubei. Extraordinary actions can be effective if they are done well. 
Ryukyu Kingdom as a tributary state of China was allowed to trade in China which made Ryukyu a major hub of maritime trade btw Southeast and East Asia until invasion and annexation by Japan. Unlike US, China nvr occupied Ryukyu militarily.  …
Y'all being happy for China banning ao3? Easily the only site that people can read about their characters and ships? The Happy Place we creators and readers enjoy? Are you insane?
apparently, topics such as yaoi or anything queer is getting erased on lofter too, which is a blogging platform used in china. so good for you fandom police, you're effectively prohibiting users from being able to see queer content just because you saw something you didnt like.
Because of #COVID19 40 million people were quarantined in China Japan has closed all schools for a month Italy cancels soccer matches England is screening people So naturally, @realDonaldTrump blames immigrants at the Mexican border
The mortality rate is a solid 3%. The math is pretty easy. That’s not counting all the people who died of “respiratory illness” in China recently. We wouldn’t be going into a global recession if it weren’t serious. 
China hasn't stopped being apocalyptic. 
South Koreans who suspect they have symptoms of the deadly #COVID19 #coronavirus can now get tested at a 'drive-thru' centre, without having to leave their cars. South #Korea has the most cases outside China, with nearly 3,000 infections 
Space images show drastic drop in China pollution as coronavirus shuts factories  …
Have the 2 people with coronavirus who weren't in contact with a known carrier bought anything made in China? Have they eaten any food from infected areas? How long did it take to show symptoms? The CDC would normally tell us, but the LUMP covers it up. Why for the Gods sake?
#CORONAVIRUS IS SMARTER THAN YOU THINK. DON'T UNDERESTIMATE IT. IT WAS DESIGNED TO BE STEALTHY & LAY DORMANT W/O SYMPTOMS LONGER W/O KILLING ITS HOST. China reports 1 patient was diagnosed with coronavirus 42 days after returning home from Wuhan.  02
i understand why they were iffy abt the packages from china (bc i was scared at first too and im chinese) so i dont find THAT offensive but THIS is why gcfknj should be gone 
President Trump Scores Victory For U.S. In On-Going China Trade War; Farmers Get Major Boost #SuperTrump  …
NASA images show how pollution has cleared over China as coronavirus crisis has kept everyone indoors  …
Q TELLS US TO WATCH CA.... Which state has ties to China... THINK LOGICALLY Hollywood Long Beach Port Democrat Govt Reps .....the list is endless Where are most of the Coronavirus cases now....? COINCIDENCE???
Important read in the @wsj on the arrest of Jimmy Lai. It's worth noting that his last editorial in the WSJ warned that China's Communist system would make it impossible for Beijing to stop coronavirus effectively.  …
I’ve been in China for past week for business. I am a long long way from Wuhan, but it’s been fascinating to see just  the response to Covid19 is on the ground here, from individuals & Govt. NZ could never in a thousand years respond as well as has happened here.
COVID-19 is 2-3x more contagious than the flu and 15-20x more deadly. It has broken containment in China, where it wrecked their country, and is entrenched in the US. If we act now with resolve and determination, only thousands will die. But sure, buh buh the flu.  …
Near Guam. To state the obvious, that’s a very long way out from China and close to US territory. Plus the PLAN destroyer involved was a relatively new type. Very bold.  …
The people celebrating the ban of ao3 in China have reached a point where their crusade against dark and/or mature  overshadows any semblance of intelligence because a ban like this is a ban of the biggest base of queer content, regardless of how problematic
China built a hospital in a week. Trump had a rally and Pense has a fund raiser. Neither we focused on this at all.
Apple, Nike, Dell...time to leave China: China's Uighur crackdown expands to forced work in factories, some supplying Western brands - The Washington Post  …
Nike — just do it. Leave China.  …
Dem CA Reps Garamendi/Takano/Peters represent military bases that received evacuees from China. Say they “are very concerned by the administration’s failure to schedule a timely briefing with us and provide us with the latest developments on the..response to coronavirus”
An extraordinary insight into humanity's blindness. Nitrogen dioxide is more lethal to our planet than this virus but it had not brought us to our senses. Maybe now it will!? BBC News - Coronavirus: Nasa images show China pollution clear amid slowdown  …
1. Great question @CDrakeFairTrade US industrial base once made raw materials, chemicals, solvents. Virtually wiped out. Have to source elsewhere (mostly China) &reinvest in plant, equipment. Not like flipping switch to restart production @DanRDimicco @jimcramer  …
From what I saw, allegedly the ship wars got real in China and people reported AO3 to the govt because it hosts naughty content so it's currently banned behind the firewall. No idea how accurate that is, but I saw it on Reddit.
China tried this approach. It has led to 85,000+ cases and large swaths of the country now in lockdown. Science does not care if you call it a hoax. Reality cannot be wished away. This is one of the many failings of authoritarian regimes.  …
How shocking China officials knew of coronavirus in December, ordered cover-up, report says  … via @nypost
Next time you think of buying an I Phone or a pair of Nikes made in China keep in mind those products may of been made with slave labor.  …
China purchasing indexes sink to record lows as coronavirus epidemic hits economy - MarketWatch  …
Unfortunately, the Archive of Our Own is currently inaccessible in China. We've investigated, and it is not due to anything on our end. We're keeping Chinese users updated on our Weibo:  …
Nasa images show China pollution clear amid #COVID2019 
Undersecretary for Foreign Affairs Scalfarotto (centre-left Italia Viva): “Our trade deficit with Beijing - which had continuously improved over the past few years - got worse since we signed an infamous MoU w/ China, thanks to a League Undersecretary, great supporter of Beijing”  …
I heard that too...the scary thing is that these “clusters” haven’t traveled to China or traveled. Talk about fear of the unknown...and the demented one still will claim it’s a hoax.
DHS employee told to report to work in Newark after China travel, in violation of coronavirus  say - The Washington Post  …
'In little more than a decade, China has made itself a world leader in electric vehicles, renewable energy, and energy storage'. Insights into the rise of China's green industries, by  in @ForeignAffairs. HT  …
Shouldn’t the emergency responders be wearing protective clothing? All the videos from China show there people in protective gear? #CoronaVirusUpdate
Wonder why Dutton refused to acknowledge that foreign spies in Aus are mostly from China? #insiders #auspol Why Gladys Liu must answer to parliament about alleged links to the Chinese  …
As the coronavirus spread across China, this week’s China Brief explains the status of coronavirus healthcare workers in the country, what the future looks like for small Chinese businesses and the possibility of Chinese workers returning to work. 
My husband was working in China in December and heard about a “strange” virus there. China is to blame for not acknowledging and acting on what was going on, and the US response is going to be too little, too late.  …
Canada now has more #COVID19 cases linked to Iran (10, 7 direct and 3 via contacts) than China (9, 7 direct and 2 via contacts). The other case is linked to Egypt. Is the gov't going to ask people that have recently been to Iran to self-isolate, just like it did for Hubei?
This is the Chinese government Bergoglio made his deal with China has slaughtered 1,000s of its citizens to harvest organs such as hearts, lungs, kidneys, eyes and even skin for sale and to transplant into sick patients in its 100 of hospitals 
China Orders Owners Of Closed Factories To Boost Electricity Usage, Pretend Economy Is Back To Normal  …
My bro-in-law goes on 2 buying trips to China per year... during the Olympics, they had shut down many manufacturers He stays in the same hotel, same suite every time He woke up, opened the curtains & there was an incredible mountain in front of him he'd never seen in 25 yrs
NASA images show coronavirus shutdown has cleared China’s pollution saying travel restrictions and the closure of businesses contributed to a drop in nitrogen dioxide.  …
Every cloud..... NASA images show coronavirus shutdown has cleared China pollution  
Why does the CDC website still say there are only 15 US cases of coronavirus? Why is our government behaving like China?!!!  …
Keep in mind that China has brought medical personnel in from other areas of the country to work on this problem in a concentrated geographical area. It is taking a toll.  …
It's of course very possible that there are multiple #COVID19 variants circulating in Iran, but this variant that was sequenced does not look remarkable (no additional amino acid changes). Suggests spread from China to Iran as expected.  …
the Burgess speech on ASIO capability and priorities. Consensus praise for Burgess. China, China. Hartcher prounounces. No coherent drawing together of espionage, epidemic, and massive trade downturn, which would be too much to ask I guess #Insiders
Empty Cities and Stalled Industrial Production, New Analysis Shows Coronavirus Has Cut China's Carbon Emissions by 100 Million Metric Tons  …
And that's a wrap folks! Thanks to everyone who joined us for the Scottish Opera premiere of NIXON IN CHINA. Our audiences for this short run have been absolutely amazing 
The question is, how do we do this without Coronavirus? Nasa images show China pollution clear amid slowdown. Nature has a huge capacity to rebound  …
Funny how in Canada the #1 rule to lower the risk is to be open and honest to the population. China waited 20 days to be open which increased the risk and right now I can't see much difference between China and the USA sadly.
Remember that moment when Democrats thought that Trump was racist & overreacting w/the #Cononavirus by putting a travel ban on China? Remember when they came unglued over that? And now he’s doing even more than they want him and they’re still not happy? Do you remember that?
The ruins of Suoyang City is located in Gansu Province, China. It was added to UNESCO list of World Cultural Heritages in 2014. Built in Han Dynasty (202BC - 220AD), the town prospered in Tang Dynasty (618 - 907). From 1405 to 1524, some ethnic groups lived around the city. 
The Yellow Mountain is located in southern Anhui Province of China. The scenic area occupies an area of 160 square kilometers and boasts not only attracting scenery but also abundant resources of zoological species. It is one of World Natural and Cultural Heritage Sites in China. 
Coronavirus cases considerably declining in China after peaking late January. #bullish 
“I never imagined that this would hit our home.” In China's war with the coronavirus, Zuoling, a suburb of Wuhan, offers a somber lesson in how the country's vast effort to contain the virus left  acutely vulnerable 
#China has been systematically stealing research and intellectual property - much of which is funded by U.S. taxpayers - from our colleges and universities. We’ll be introducing legislation soon to stop it. 
Striking look from NASA at reduction in pollutants in China from economic slowdown  
Italian city governor apologizes for saying Chinese people eat live mice as he blamed China's hygiene standards for coronavirus 
China's Uighur slave labor reported at factories that supply Nike, Apple, and Dell.Tremendous reporting here by ⁦ @annafifield⁩ and the ⁦ @washingtonpost⁩.  that use slave labor to cut costs.  …
Mount Sanqing is a Taoist sacred mountain located in Yushan County, Jiangxi Province of China. The three summits: Yujing, Yushui, and Yuhua, representing Taoist three gods: Yuqing, Shangqing and Taiqing. In 2008, the UNESCO listed it as one of the World Natural Heritage Sites. 
The Terracotta Warriors Museum is located in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. It is a large collection of life-size sculptures in battle formations to protect Emperor Qin Shi Huang (259 - 210BC). In 1987, the Terracotta Warriors were listed in the World Heritage Site by 
In other news, China has banned Ao3
NASA images show coronavirus shutdown has cleared China pollution  …
This is just the UC, the biggest public system in the country. About ~12.5% students are international, 90% + of whom are from China. Not huge in absolute number but they pay ~3x what in-state pays in tuition, and without whom the budget implodes 
UPDATE: they just called and said bc my flatmate went to china 4 weeks and she's been fine then i've just got the flu not the coronavirus thank fck alhumdulillah  …
We've updated  with 5 new #SARSCoV2 genomes from the #COVID19 pandemic from Japan, China and Canada bringing the worldwide total up to 134(!). 1/4 
The Potala Palace is a dzong fortress in the city of Lhasa, the Tibet Autonomous Region of China. It was the winter palace of the Dalai Lamas from 1649 to 1959. The Potala Palace has been a museum since 1959. The Potala Palace is a World Heritage Site since 1994. 
It is mind blowing . Pravda, China Daily etc joins by a formerly respectable UK news organisation  …
What if the Corona Epidemic was already in the cards HRC was supposed to be POTUS Gun grabbing would have taken place The US like China would declare mass curfews due to outbreakS, hit teams would have picked up opposition to Globalists Claimed they’re infected & they’d disappear
A total of 22 cases of coronavirus — not including individuals who were evacuated from the Diamond Princess cruise ship or Wuhan, China — have been diagnosed in the U.S., the Centers for Disease and Control and Prevention said Saturday. 
With effective disease control measures & economic adjustment policies in China, the Brazilian  has great confidence in restoring China-Brazil economic flow 
I'm old enough to remember how Democrats reacted when President Trump implemented the China travel ban in January. They called him a racist xenophobe. Trump was ahead of the coronavirus. He was RIGHT. They were WRONG.
Two things I think are true; 1. The market didn't take the virus seriously enough and its initial response to go HIGHER on China stimulus was the most disgusting thing I've ever seen. 2. This is all temporary, so stop calling for a total $SPX meltdown. Not gonna happen.
just remembered the timothée dazed china article and photoshoot is dropping in a couple of hours 
Hey there! That mask you’re wearing was made in China! Happy Saturday
"People think, 'well, if we ban Huawei, then everything’s fine.'" But "there are Chinese technological threats in" numerous products, says @AEITech’s @RoslynLayton. And when a  is bought by Chinese investors, it is now subject to the laws of China. ATL at 
wow Satellite images have shown a dramatic decline in pollution levels over China, which is "at least partly" due to an economic slowdown prompted by the coronavirus, US space agency Nasa says.  …
No, he’s calling the media treatment a hoax. If you recall, he closed the border for all flights from China in January and took hell for being a racist. You think he’d have done that if he thought the virus was a hoax? No, he’s calling out media reaction. Can’t have it both ways.  …
More than 10.37 million members of Communist Party of China (CPC) nationwide had made voluntary donations of 1.18 billion yuan (about 168.8 million U.S. dollars) for the novel #coronavirus disease ( #COVID19) epidemic prevention and control as of 
In #London, the China Chamber of Commerce in the #UK held the "UK and China, United We Stand" fundraiser event to fight the novel #coronavirus outbreak. 
Seriously... last week, when I had a somewhat sore throat and a headache, my Mum was urging me to go to the doctor and get tested and I was like "they can't test, they don't have the equipment and they're not going to get it because I haven't traveled to China recently."  …
So - we'll see how this all plays out. The progress in China/Malaysia/Hong Kong leaves me encouraged that mitigating the outbreak is possible. But seeing the  in our own government's handling of this to date, I'm uncertain they have the discipline to pull that off.
Space images show drastic drop in China pollution as coronavirus shuts factories  …
Images show the dramatic decreases in nitrogen dioxide over China between January and February. "There is evidence that the change is at least partly related to the economic slowdown following the outbreak of coronavirus," the NASA story says.  …
china: bans a website marginalized groups used to escape from censorship, affecting not just gwoss nasty unholy erotica creators but queer creators/works as well op: this is perfect! activism!!!  …
Deciding to err on the side of caution, I’ve instituted a rule. The closest I will ever get to China is eating at a Panda Express.....or buying something from Walmart. But seriously you guys, I’m NEVER going there.
8....so, at this point there is NO data backing up what Trump says as to  down with critical, who with severe, and who with mild. Medical histories are hard  by in rural China. But, a cohort that could be used as representative is Chinese medical personnel....
somebody said the coronavirus won’t last long because it was made in china LMFAOOOO
Is that why China “refused” to let the WHO in? The countries that are now dealing with Covid-19 are all financially stable. We just eased sanctions on Iran. July 2020 will tell American Taxpayers all we need to know about globalization!!  …
Please post your best C-Virus conspiracies below, allow me 1st:  China government wanted to make a disease that would kill all citizens over the age of 80 to help balance the budget. The product wasn’t supposed to get rolled out yet when it escaped from the lab!
Briefing: "Coronavirus  from China" Trump: "Shut down the Mexican border!"  …
In the span of less than a minute, Trump lies about the trade deficit with China (it's never hit $500 billion) and tariffs (they are taxes on American importers, not on China) 
Retweet if you too were SHOCKED to find out that 90+% of the ibuprofen used in America is imported from China! Has anyone asked the question as to whether these pills are tainted with something that poisons Americans? Are drastic increases in cancer cases in America related?
Also worth noting that Hubei had highest number of new #covid19 cases today since Tuesday: (+423). Numbers since Tuesday: 499 - 401 - 409 - 318 - 423 Could be nothing. But everyone looking for signs that as measures are relaxed in China numbers go up again. We will see.
China has recorded over 85,000 cases of Corona virus yet no one increased the price of safety products. Nigeria just recorded its first case yesterday morning, and a pharmacy has increased the price of hand sanitizer from 1k to 20k. Kai, the black man is wicked 
Trump says before him the US used to have a trade deficit with China of more than $500 billion per year. It has never once been $500 billion in a year. (Editor's note: For some reason, I find this Trump's #1 most boring favorite lie.)
NASA image shows decrease in concentrations of nitrogen dioxide in China — a noxious gas emitted by motor vehicles, power plants, and industrial facilities. Caused in part by one of the largest quarantines in history. #nasa 
A Chinese diplomat in Australia was questioned over China's treatment of Uighur Muslims. The audience laughed at his answers. 
But our system provides huge disincentives to seeking care if you are mildly ill or un/under-insured. Like this guy who returned from China with flu symptoms, only to be charged $1400 out of pocket for his test (he was negative).  …
China is all fake. China Orders Owners Of Closed Factories To Boost Electricity Usage, Pretend Economy Is Back To Normal | Zero Hedge  …
Daily #covid19 sitrep is up from @WHO with numbers as of 10am Geneva time: China: 79394 (+435) cases 2838 (+47) deaths Outside of China: 6009 (+1318) cases in 53 (+2) countries 86 (+19) deaths
Seeing amplification in congregate setting concerns me. Think about rapid spread in hosps/health workers (China, Korea), prisons (China), Churches/holy-sites (Korean, Iran), & nursing homes. US has large prison pops, nursing, hosps... We may now have a nursing home cluster here.
Watching rapid spread in China, Korea, Italy & Iran, it's foreseeable we will see increasing case numbers in the US. Most  transmission here in US has been happening much earlier than we were able to detect it. We aren't testing at nearly the rate of China & Korea
A U.S. student studying abroad in China found himself confined to a roughly 300-person village for nearly a month after it went on lockdown to contain the coronavirus. His experience provides a glimpse into how the epidemic has altered life across China. 
Look Corrupt WHO Director-General is now PRAISING "Tiktok", the dangerous app... Doesn't he know about "Cryptography Law of the People’s Republic of China", or is he promoting this malicious app in order to help CCP steal passwords???  …
Dr. Jeff Duchin, Seattle King County Public Health: as test more, likely to identify more cases. notes testing criteria has broadened, but is still limited, based on local lab capacity. (was previously limited to narrow criteria, like travel to China).
Do you know "Cryptography Law of the People’s Republic of China"??? Even some overseas militaries are banning to use Tiktok. Are you serious?????
Coronavirus has slowed down economic activity in China so much that satellites can detect the decrease in air pollution — an almost literal example of “Every cloud has a silver lining.” #CoronaVirusUpdate
Coronavirus: Nasa images show China pollution clear amid slowdown  …
Kinda hard to criticize the terms of a SECRET agreement, of course, but, if anybody really thinks they are going to dampen criticism of the Holy See - Communist China treaty by alleging (even correctly) Benedict XVI’s approval of it, all I can say is, brother, Think Again.
In America. This person hasn’t been to China or been in contact with anyone who has. Realize that. But y’know with this sad death YOUR “president” can declare that only 14 people have the virus in America now. He’d be lying still but folks like Jen will eat it up.  …
Cooperates already moving out china due to many factors, Trade Wars / #coronavirus made them "Determined" to Get OUT Quick! CEO in China are now singing "Hotel California"(China)  to the Hotel California You can check out any time you like, But you can never leave!'"  
ISF's clarification corner: The flu in this episode came from Japan, and not China as with real life. The fourth panel simply does not exist and was photoshopped. The Simpsons never referenced the Coronavirus, it was only named in December 2019.  …
China cranked up new hospitals for internment of #coronavirus patients in 8 days. Surely WE can do same? I suggest a Mar-a-Lago biocontainment treatment center. When they recover, get a golf 
Satellite images have shown a dramatic decline in pollution levels over China, which is "at least partly" due to an economic slowdown prompted by the coronavirus. Extraordinary  …
Hospitals in China are reporting their experiences with hundreds of coronavirus patients so far. 
One of the most important missions I‘ve had the honour to be part of is @WHO-China Mission on #COVID19 Lessons from working with some of the most hardworking experts in China, @WHO & other countries will guide us as Nigeria responds to 1st #COVID19 case  
#StupidLove is now #1 on Apple Music in China!  …
China's Uighur crackdown expands to forced work in factories, some supplying Western brands - The - The Washington Post  …
I dont know who needs to hear this but your package from china isnt going to have the corona virus. The virus cannot survive outside of the human body for very long so I'm 100% sure you're aliexpress haul isnt going to kill you
 of an “anti-Putin populism” in Germany a few months after the Crimea annexation. Last year he called for an “intensification” of ties with China. For those who thought Merkel was too soft, brace yourselves  …
Eating #FakeMeat to save the planet? Chew on this: China has begun a coal mining project in Pakistan to facilitate the installation of a 1,320MW coal-based power plant which will provide 4 million Pakistani households with electricity.  
Air pollution in China kills around 4K people a day. Considering how they have a very high mortality rate for COVID19, perhaps the low pollution levels will slow down respiratory diseases in China and will give its citizens a fighting chance against the virus.
lol @LindseyGrahamSC .. "Can you imagine #Bernie sitting down  China? What would happen if you had a socialist negotiating with  What kind of deal would you get?" #BernieIsARussianAsset #BernieSanders #SocialismKills
China has done an efficient job in controlling coronavirus Meanwhile Iran: 
Maybe one of the reasons in China COVID-19 was able to spread so fast is because of the  respiratory system of its citizens?
TRUMP: "Border security is also health security. In our efforts to keep America safe, my administration has taken the most aggressive action in modern history to control our borders and protect Americans from the coronavirus. It came from China." 
Snow and ice have turned the Greater Hinggan Mountains in NE China's #Heilongjiang Province into a magical fairytale land 
When will we get unrestricted reporting from Wuhan, China? Do NOT believe China state run media. I know we’ve had a few western (BBC, NBC, SKY) reports from China WITH their Chinese government minders. Wuhan has 11MM people! We need real information, not propaganda. #COVID19
#StupidLove spends its second day at #1 on iTunes WW. As of now the song is still #1 on iTunes in 37 countries, #1 on Apple Music in Brazil and China & #1 in my Little Monster heart. 
Full genomic sequence analysis of all SAR-CoV-2 strains shows the 1 sequenced American strain maps solidly among the #Wuhan viruses, suggesting it came from China. But this @AIDigest analysis was done before the latest Calif cases. 
Trump says he was criticized for his travel restrictions on China re the coronavirus, but "that decision has now been given very good grades. Like an A-plus-plus-plus."
Man made air pollution down over #China since #COVID19 reaction. Rapid/dramatic over weeks that Politicians have not achieved, ever. More association evidence that #InnocentCows are not to blame.  …
BBC News - Coronavirus: Nasa images show China pollution clear amid slowdown  …
ABOUT 350 Zimbabwean students in Wuhan, China, the epicentre of the deadly coronavirus hv made a distress call for evacuation, accusing President E D’s government of neglecting them at a time neighbouring S.A has announced plans to repatriate its 199 nationals - Nehanda Radio
China officials knew of coronavirus in December, ordered cover-up, report says  
I don’t know why you guys are scared of this corona virus. Have y’all forgotten that China products don’t last?? #CoronavirusInNigeria
#Coronavirus: Nasa images show #China pollution clear amid slowdown " #Nasa scientists said the reduction in levels of nitrogen dioxide-a noxious gas emitted by vehicles & industrial facilities-was first apparent near the source of the outbreak in #Wuhan"  …
11 cases of #COVID19 in Ontario so far: -4 returned travelers from China - cases #1-4 -4 returned travelers from Iran - cases #5, 7, 9, 10 -2 spouses (of cases #5 and 10) - cases #6, 11 -1 returned traveler from Egypt - case #8 Good resources to stay informed:
Apple Music China: #1. #StupidLove (+1) *New  …
Russia has the GDP of France. They’re  bastards. And a huge arsenal of nukes. President Trump knows they are not trustworthy but neither is China. In fact, China is a much greater danger to USA.
“Whoever thought of this two weeks ago, who would’ve thought this could be going on. Four weeks ago, but things happen in life.” - Trump on coronavirus and, presumedly, why US was not preparing for epidemic while it was hitting China. 
Political cartoons on how #China was treated by outside powers when it was weak. We're seeing analogous rhetoric again in #CoronaVirus #COVID2019 Sure, you have the right & Freedom of Speech. I'm "personally" not offended, but be educated about history & what others may 
Amazing NASA images show how pollution has CLEARED over China as coronavirus crisis has kept everyone indoors 
Travel bans should be implemented immediately for Italy, Iran, South Korea, China, Japan.
There is always a silver lining. Condolences to all the Coronavirus victims and families who have lost loved ones. If China learns anything from the outbreak let this be it.
2835 deaths in China and to many Nigerians the Chinese govt have been very successful in managing coronavirus. No single death in Nigeria but to them our govt have failed woefully.  …
Coronavirus CONTEXT: 4400 people die EVERY SINGLE DAY from pollution in China, that's 1.6 MILLION people a year. Just in China.  …
What’s so scary/coincidental about the 40 year old doctor in China who died is that he was also the coronavirus whistleblower. And China tried to hide his death at first but failed, presumably in part bc he had been the whistleblower.  …
Because of authoritarian China we don't know enough about a possible pandemic, leaving us in the dark about how to prepare. Because of our own increasingly authoritarian gov we're not prepared to respond to the virus in the US. Don't sit politics out.
America should not have to rely on other countries like China for pharmaceutical products! We should be able to mass-produce masks gloves aspirin Ibuprofen xcetera like we mass-produced cars! These products should all be made here in safety & 
Trump keeps taking victory laps over his early decision to restrict travel from China, but it seems like that made  and he didn’t do anything to actually prepare during the time that was bought.  …
#BREAKING: Following immense controversy over Bernie Sanders nuanced take on authoritarian leaders, the DNC has released a list of a approved regimes to praise: Ok: Israel Saudi Arabia China Not ok: Cuba Russia Nicaragua 
BBC news: Coronavirus: Nasa images show China pollution reduction amid slowdown  …
A logistics park in Southwest China's Chongqing Municipality has resumed operation to not only ensure the local supply of agricultural products but promote the sales through  platforms amid the fight against the novel #coronavirus outbreak. 
Around 16% of those infected in China have gotten seriously ill.  …
The total confirmed cases of the virus sits at 85,203 as of Saturday, 79,251 of which are in mainland China, while there have been 2,921 deaths. The United States has 66 confirmed cases of the virus thus far.
China built two 1,000-bed hospitals in 10 days and we “hope” to write a bill in a week! Great!
#TZUYU donated 50 Million Won (41,600USD) in S.Korea as an aid for those who are affected by the Coronavirus outbreak. She also donated 300,000 RMB (42,900 USD) to China Welfare Foundation. She donated a total of 84,500 USD. @JYPETWICE #ThankYouTzuyu 
Tacca chantrieri #Dioscoreaceae - rhizomatous, understorey species of tropical forests of South East Asia including Southern China - seen at Geelong Botanic Gardens 
And that China scholar is me. I'm writing it.  me.
If you thought China was tough on #coronavirus victims, check out Kim Jong Un, no fucking about in North Korea just shoot on sight. #COVID19  …
Thank you for saying this. I live in Chicago and a week or so ago- some asshole screamed at me to go back to China and stop spreading the WuFlu. I am Chinese but I’m 31 and moved to the us 29 years ago and... I didn’t cough or sneeze - all I did was exist
Economic effects are order of magnitude proxy indicators for China's epidemiological numbers which it may itself not know.  …
In China, Barbers are now using Selfie-Sticks to Shave #CoronaVirus suspects. Question, how will he receive the money? #BBIInMeru #murkomen #BabuOwino #moseskuria  – at Kisumu, The Lakeside City.
I'm impressed how careful Canadians returning from Iran, China and elsewhere have been in seeking medical attention, and how effective our public health response has been. #COVID19 has reminded us though that a weak public health system in one country affects every country.
12) contd . . . yes, they will pay a price. But Apple ain't gonna go broke, and after a brief (and in my view, much desired) relocation OUT of China, they will ALL be stronger, more profitable and much safer. 13) So will the US. 14) So, I'm gonna relax by the pool. If you wanna 
Any environmentalist who isn't focused like a laser on China and India is not serious  pollution.  …
Potential drug shortages looming due to China supply chain issues. “FDA has identified about 20 other drugs, which solely source their active pharmaceutical ingredients or finished drug products from China.”  …
China’s worst plagues based on DEATH: SARS: 774 Swine Flu: 737 CoronaVirus: 2.8K Communism: 60,000,000
Coronavirus: Nasa images show China pollution clear amid slowdown  …
Why does the UK buy our frozen fish from China, when we are surrounded by our own fishing waters. Shopping for frozen fish today in Asda, and found it was all processed, and packaged in China, checked Iceland exactly the same produced in China. No frozen fish for us today then.  …
4) Fewer people in the US have died from this (1) in over a month than from cell-phone-related texting and driving in the last WEEK. 5) I get  from China. I get they are quite clueless. 6) This is PRECISELY why they are burning bodies and crop-dusting their streets.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT Why would Soros warn @POTUS of potential economic doom just days after the 1st known coronavirus patient returned from a Wuhan China visit January 15th? Soros has been outraged with the trade deal @realDonaldTrump made with China.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci: If President @realDonaldTrump had not prevented travel from China “we would have had many many more cases” in the U.S. The Democrats called President Trump's early border and flight closings wrong. Imagine if we had a Democrat in the White House. 
Seasonal flu kills about 0.1% who  infected. The 1918 flu had a 2% fatality rate. It killed tens of millions of people. Early estimates of the #COVID19 death rate from Wuhan, China, were around 2%. New England Journal of Medicine now estimates: 1.4%  …
When Trump says that the coronavirus is the Dems’ newest hoax, here is the true danger: By politicizing this, anyone who urges action, warns of danger, or whistleblows on systemic failure will be suspect as anti-Trump just for doing their job. This has happened already. In CHINA.
“If the coronavirus crisis makes anything clear, it’s that we need to stop relying on China for our critical medical supply chains.” @HawleyMO says he will introduce a bill aimed at making the US medical supply chain less reliant on #China.  …
One good datum on #coronavirus is mortality rates are extremely low for children. Although this chart is only for China and is now three weeks old, it’s still heartening for concerned parents. No one under 10 had died as of early February. The elderly are at great risk, though. 
Typical. Chinese manufacturer made a shower squeegee that is supposed to be waterproof but saves like half a penny by not using stainless fasteners. They rusted and it ruined the threads. How much fuller are US landfills because we embraced China as a supplier? A LOT I bet. 
On 28 February, @WHO raised the risk assessment for the #COVID19 outbreak to “very high” globally, based on the spread of the new #coronavirus & countries’ capacity to respond. The risk within #China remained unchanged as "very high."
Last I read you can test positive after recovery, but that happened in China and it could be 1 of 3 things: 1. Yes, you can get it again or it lies dormant and then re-emerges 2. the antibodies still set off tests but the virus is innoculous 3. Chinese fucked up and misdiagnosed
As Jeff Benson and I wrote, the Chinese are not adhering to CUES or COLREGS. Following agreed-upon rules is essential. China is a party to these agreements.   …
#FreeIran2020 Deadliest outbreak of the #coronavirus outside China, number of confirmed cases in #Iran jumped more than 50% overnight and Iranian  of a shortage of supplies needed to contain the rapidly spreading 
I believe Trump should travel to Wuhan, China immediately with Pence, Pompeo, Mulvaney, Guiliani, Junior, Ivanka, Eric, & Jared. Let's show the American people that this "new hoax" isn't going to stop our trade partnership with China.
DHS employee went to work in Newark after China travel, in violation of quarantine period  …
This is just so infuriating! Now the ‘merciful’ Vatican is terrorizing the 88-year-old Cardinal Zen for standing in defense of our persecuted brothers and sisters in Communist China. Thank God, Archbishop Vigano  to the rescue!  …
In Mandarin, masturbation is 打飞机, which literally means 'hit the flying opportunity,' China scholar writes
I can't laugh alone o. See Chinese-Igbo restaurant in Guangzhou, China. On request, the waiter said he has egusi, bitterleaf & okro soup! Wetin these Chinese no fit do? Please watch!!! 
 Read How #China Became the Leader in #SustainableEnergy "China brought the price of panels down far enough to stimulate the growth of solar energy markets around the world" #RenewableEnergy @ForeignAffairs @BrianVad @mzjacobson  …
Here Jake attempts to argue that the same President that stopped all travel from China a month ago, established a task force, brought in experts from various agencies and held a full press conference on the virus last week also thinks the virus itself is a hoax.  …
Trump’s idiots at DHS told an employee who flew back to Newark, NJ from China to just go back to work instead of being under quarantine. That’s a violation of the rules. Here’s hoping Newark doesn’t  a hotbed from this mistake.  …
I've been following the news on this China virus for many weeks. I can say with 100% confidence that the U.S federal government and Pres. Trump has been on top of this from the very beginning. If you don't believe me simply watch the old press conferences of task force since Jan
I’m frankly disgusted with #CPAC. These corporate stooges on stage are getting TRUMP voters to chant “Stop Huawei, stop China”. “Conservatism” and Conservative Inc. is here to serve the interests of the Oligarchs and the Ruling Class, NOT the American People!
Dr. Anthony Fauci: If President @realDonaldTrump had not prevented travel from China “we would have had many many more cases” in the U.S. 
They are #Uyghur children left behind their parents who are detained in either concentration camps or prisons.They are forced to take care of themselves. #China 
The covid-19 virus is teaching the world hard lessons about China-only supply chains.  …
the insinuation that all chinese people have the virus or goods from china can transport it is literally so racist and dangerous. people have been denied medical attention and help just because they were chinese ... your jokes are not funny
Why is it that all the sanctuary states are being the first ones hit with the china virus?  …
Modi govt has ruined India's foreign policy, esp with crucial neighbors. Nepal, Sri Lanka & B'desh are falling into China's lap By demonising Pak & Afg, we've worsened relations with them It's lighting fire on all borders while doing costly PR with Trump which gives us nothing!
Check out this fan box for Justin Bieber’s album, Changes, that is made available for his birthday for his fans in China! 
Trump suggests again China wants to discuss nuclear arms control with the US and Russia. China has repeatedly said it has no interest. Trump's national security adviser said this month, “So far — and this is not surprising — the Chinese are not interested in arms control."
CoronaVirus Who doesn’t want Trump re-elected? Democrats & MSM China Iran Where did this originate? China Where did it spread fast? Iran Who keeps trying to blame Trump? Democrats & MSM Protect yourself like you would from the Flu. . #CommonSense
We these beautiful drawings! They're from children who travelled to Canada from #Wuhan, China, and  a quarantine period at CFB Trenton, where they received support from the Red Cross. 
Turns out it's not that Internet in #China will be shut down on Mar 1, but the strictest internet info control will take effect. Anything can  "illegal" including making  on natural disasters and big events". Anyone creating & copying contents is... 
As he stands before the cameras denying the seriousness of the #COVID , and speaks about his trade deal with China you have to ask yourself why is he down playing it Its always about the money and stock markets . He doesn't care if you catch it . #OneVoice1 
The Education China Hands Need, But Do Not Get  …
Trump: "The coronavirus is a democrat hoax pushed by the media to hurt me. It's not real. Also, the US is immediately restricting travel from China, Iran, Italy and South Korea to prevent more people from dying from it."
'the political valence of coronavirus should be favorable to Trump’s worldview. It demonstrates a downside of globalization, shows the importance of borders...an object lesson in our overdependence on a China that's dictatorial, dishonest, poorly governed'  …
Trump started cornoavirus prevention with travel restrictions from China and The shitlib media cried. These are not serious people. They are partisan hacks. #ClownWorld
1. Half-arsed "representation" so to get a taste of China's delectable boots. 2. Shitty live-action reboots that prey on people who enjoyed their past work. 3. Being a monopoly. 4. Letting Kathleen Kennedy run Lucasfilm and rigging The Rise of Skywalker review scores.
7/ Dr. Robert Redfield ( @CDCgov) announces that 50 yo woman who died of coronavirus in Washington State had NO LINK to China or known contact. Her case is  Trump's eyes light up. 
Hospitals in China are using robots to deliver food and medicine for patients who were infected with #coronavirus  #SaturdayMorning
Dr. Fauci was clearly told to praise Trump’s decision to stop flights from China is his remarks. These are campaign bullet points, not updates. They should all be ashamed. @realDonaldTrump
Trump should go to China and visit the hospitals to prove how safe we are. Spend a week or two. Make it a family vacation! #TrumpLiesAboutCoronavirus #Coronavius #MAGA #KAG2020 
TRUMP: RELATIONS WITH CHINA MAY BE CLOSER AMID CORONAVIRUS 
Trump: we have done big trade deal with China starting Another big trade deal with China soon
Lovren was trying to hold Deeney at every opportunity so Deeney just let him. Lovren forgot there's a ball, too. Deeney avoided VvD all game, wisely. Lovren is so terrible when he's like this - bull in a china shop. Just chaotic.
Trump: "They're making a lot of progress in China." He notes that Starbucks is open again.
The fact that Trump seems infinitely more concerned about Apple’s production capacity in China than the availability of test kits and treatment in the U.S. is very telling.
Canadians, who can cross the border without visas, are much more likely to have recently travelled to China or Italy. Just saying.
It would be very helpful for the medical experts/WHO to give some clarity as to the current situation in China. If the answer is still unknown or unverifiable, then that should be made clear. But one reference to Apple’s or Starbucks’ operations there is not substantive.
While Democrats were obsessed with impeachment, President Trump took decisive action to protect Americans from coronavirus by stopping travel from China to the United States. Dr. Fauci: "If we had not done that, we would have had many, many more cases right here" in the U.S. 
#China In #Wuhan, a couple was watching TV at night and they noticed something creepy happening in their opposite apartment: personnel in hazmat suits collecting dead bodies. 
I know dumbass liberals and Trump Haters want to blame Trump for the Corona Virus. Here’s the Truth 1. It did  from a bat 2. It stopped the protest 3. The only politicians to blame are those that made China the manufacture of everything 
The ⁦ @NASA⁩ images of China during #COVID shutdown are  …
A  from China. So Trump looks at the southern border. A  from Russia. So Trump looks at Ukraine. A journalist from America is hacked to pieces by Saudi Arabia. So Trump looks at Iran.  …
Dr Anthony Fauci.. Expert on Coronavirus.. just said that if President Trump had NOT stopped air travel between US and China 30 days ago..there would be thousands of new cases in America..Media will NEVER give Trump credit .. It is there Nature to mindlessly Attack not Report.
NEW!! Chuck Schumer didn't delete tweet criticizing Trump's China travel ban ... because he never wrote it.  
Trump didn’t cut off travel to China. (The airlines did.) He barred entry by foreign nationals who had recently visited China:  …
This is what daily life is like for an American living in Wuhan, China, under coronavirus lockdown 
Last moth, @realDonaldTrump closed the border to flights from China. Dems called him racist. I have to ask liberals “how do ya feel about “open borders’ now?” #FliptheHouseRed #USAF #WhiteHouse #Military #CA7 #California #coronavirus
Japanese & white American scholars love to share false information about Ryukyu, saying that China "forced" Ryukyu to  a tribute state. In actuality, Ryukyu to  a sovereign tribute state of China in order to share in China's vast economic prosperity.
Chuck Schumer couldn’t have been more wrong in attacking @POTUS @realDonaldTrump over the travel restrictions from China. #Covid19 #CPAC2020 
“If @POTUS @realDonaldTrump has not restricted travel from China early on, we would be in a much worse situation.” Dr. Anthony Fauci. #CoronaVirus19 
WTF does the Southern Border have to do with a virus that came from China? The fucking  & ability to be deceitful to the public is staggering
#China’s Navy Will Be the World’s Largest in 2035 By Rear Admiral Michael A. McDevitt, #USNavy (Retired) Maybe, if their economy tanks, they won't be able to afford it Numbers is only one element, not the whole picture A good  …
Initial #COVID19 cases in US were linked to travel to China because travelers from China were the *only ones* we were testing. We could very well be finding new cases now because we've finally expanded testing criteria.
Other points learned in #China about #coronavirus: 1) highly contagious 2) incubation 2-14 days, in rare cases 24 days 3) even when not showing symptoms, patients can infect 4) long term lung damage in some who recover 5) might  dormant then recur (so please take care! )
It's such nonsense. China shut down *entire cities.* Leaked video showed multi-lane highways as empty as Trump's head. China built a containment hospital in mere days. We put infectious people on  airplane amid passengers and let civilians mingle with them stateside.
Stop fucking giving yourselves credit for shutting down travel to China. Nobody gives a shit. The virus is already here. What’s the plan now??
“If we had not (limited China travel), we’d have many more cases here.” - Dr. Fauci #coronavirus
Terrific to see #AnthonyFauci director of @NIAID speaking now, explaining  transmission is and how serious a threat #COVID19 is for America. If US hadn't blocked travel from China we would have many more cases now in the US, he says. Travel limits = the key.  …
White House press conference now raises serious questions about scientific logic of travel restrictions that differ between mainland China, Iran, South Korea and Italy.
. @JesseBWatters: President Trump "is a germaphobe who's tough on China and is a border hawk. He's the perfect president to take on this virus." 
This is the extent that the coronavirus has affected pollution levels in China. 
This month in KDE Web: KDE Connect gets a new website, we updated the sites for KMyMoney, Juk, KDE e.V. and KDE China, and a lot more.  
Wonho birthday ad at S103, Line10, Xintiandi Station, Shanghai, China On display 02.29-03.02 Organized by @HO_doUlove #HBDtoWONHO #몬베베에게_내린_원호라는_기적 
Vice Pres. Mike Pence credits suspending travel from China to the U.S. for keeping coronavirus threat low: "It is among the reasons why the threat to Americans of coronavirus remains low—despite today's tragic news from Washington state."  
Give our Mother Earth a chance and she will heal - Amazing NASA images show how pollution has CLEARED over China  via @MailOnline
The last time a threat emerged from China, Mike Pence took it head on. So we can only hope that he will attack the #coronavirus with the same vigor and determination that he used against  …
Sinking cargo ship spills oil off Brazilian coast. The vessel, operated by South Korea-based Polaris Shipping, was carrying 300,000 tons of iron ore destined for Qingdao, China. 
China on the #coronavirus : We'll build two hospitals in a week and quarantine an entire province, work closely with the WHO US:  the virus the rich get a tax cut while anyone who thinks they have symptoms will be charged $3500 to get  …
I've been warning the public about coronavirus since the very beginning. And the response was: "it's just the flu." Now that China has shut down for two months & our supply chains are disrupted & the stock market has "corrected" does anyone still think it's just the flu?
"We have taken the most aggressive measures of any country" Holy shit no we haven't. China shut down entire cities and hit pause on its economy. Japan is closing schools. S. Korea has tested ~40k people. We've done nothing approaching that level of aggressiveness.
Trump: “China is making tremendous progress. Their numbers are way down.” His metric? “Tim Cook of Apple says they are fully operationable.”
Trump just claimed that the United States had taken the most aggressive steps  the Coronavirus in the world and so has anyone briefed him about what China has actually done?
TRUMP: WE HAVE TAKEN THE MOST AGGRESSIVE ACTIONS OF ANY COUNTRY CHINA: WE WELDED PEOPLE IN THEIR HOMES AND HUNTED PEOPLE WHO BOUGHT ADVIL
Coronavirus. Tough one. the Corona ... virus. 22 people. 1 passed away. Wonderful person. Let go in the home. Additional cases but healthy people should recover healthy people healthy be fine aggressive action we moved early great decision lifesaver  out of china...
A team from #China’s CDC published research in a Chinese journal of epidemiology. The data, based on 70k patients, is till Feb 11 (so a little old) but it reveals trends. Fatality rate for elderly at 8-15%.. 
NASA and ESA pollution monitoring satellites have detected significant decreases in nitrogen dioxide (NO₂) over China. There is evidence that the change is at least partly related to the economic slowdown following the outbreak of coronavirus  
U r asleep if U don’t recognize this #Virus is an attempt 2 damage #US #Markets - #China is crippling, desperate to regain strength. GO #American MADE! @SecPompeo @SecretaryRoss @GOPLeader ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦  …
The rumor is that the Chinese censors cracked down on AO3 because people freaked out about Untamed RPF on AO3 and started reporting it. That doesn't seem to be the case, but even if it was, the single biggest Untamed  in China is on Weibo. It has 1.8 MILLION members.
How many have died this week from Fentanyl..... That is the real pandemic from China..
I never thought our death would be also made in china
Binance really is changing the paradigm. Things they don’t believe in: • offices • race, creed, or skin color • nationality • regulation However, they desperately need: • an 18 year old big chested cam girl, preferably in China, with experience
Jeff Dahn speaking on battery R&D...last minute talks about how far ahead China  to North America...CATL could be huge?? #Tesla @elonmusk @Kristennetten @vincent13031925 
January: *You weren't blocking planes from China February: *Bowed down to a regime that shot civilian Canadians out of the sky. *You were in Africa bribing despots with payoffs to get a seat at the UN no one cares about *Let Canada be overtaken by a few disgruntled natives  …
#China’s National Health Commission said at @WHO briefing in Beijing this week no one is immune from #COVIDー19 since it is a new pathogen. Nationally, fatality rate is 3-4%. But China health officials earlier posted data on #coronavirus that might help when assessing your risk:
Coronavirus: Nasa images show China pollution clear amid slowdown 
Despite hardships under #China's #COVID19, #HongKongProtests continue, the #Freedom is not free, It must be fought for, protected, today #HongKongers are exactly doing this, our Solidarity is needed & we'll not leave you alone. #FreeHK #FreeTibet #XiVirus #ChinaVirus  …
AO3 being blocked in china because of xiaozhan's fans who are antis sound like a joke BUT IT SURE ISN'T THIS SURE IS THE REALITY WE LIVE IN WOW
The Corona Virus won’t last long because it was made in China
I enjoyed speaking at @CPAC #CPAC2020 on the issue of #china & 
This will send shockwaves through Western supply chains in China. The times of pretending innocence are over.  …
To control the spread of the coronavirus, President Hillary Clinton may impose restrictions at the Mexico border. (The virus came from China.)
Now first week is over n we restart the cycle. Can we get back to streaming and buying ON and My Time??  Put these Spotify Playlists in rotation: 1.  … 2.  … 3.  … #BTSisON #MyTime 
At what point do materially false statements 4 the express purpose of mkt manipulation  criminal? I would say when an official of the fed govt does this, it may even be sedition or treason. They need to be imprisoned & Trump has all he needs to get a trade deal w/China. 
New ASPI research shows evidence of forced Uyghur labor in East China. "The researchers found 27 factories in nine Chinese provinces that have used Uighur workers hired through labor transfer programs from Xinjiang since 2017."  …
BE WARNED: "I should warn the rest of the world that you guys should take care, don’t neglect this disease”. “No city in the world would have enough specialist equipment to cope” said Dr Jiang who has been fighting the #coronavirus outbreak in China.  02
I grew up in an Orthodox Jewish home. I’m a Zionist, and my life story proves it. No regrets. Nothing prepared me for this, but... I identify with my Palestinian friends/rivals whom I occupy. And with the Syrian refugees. And the Muslims in India. And the Ulghar in China.
There is no confirmation I've seen that the patient is 19 years old. I do not believe this is correct. Please be careful about disseminating incorrect information. From what we've seen in China, most patients who get severely ill and those who have died have been older.
China mall, I went to Randburg on Friday and saw them. They cost about R25.00  …
Male or female? Age? Smoker or non-smoker? Community acquired or recent visitor to China? What type of treatment was the deceased receiving? I have lots of questions.
China dropped this on a Saturday: China’s official Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) fell to a record low of 35.7 in February from 50.0 in January.  …
China has built the WW's biggest indoor ski resort TY @wef via  #proptech #IoT #retailtech #esport @Paula_Piccard @MikeQuindazzi @SpirosMargaris @ipfconline1 @sallyeaves @jblefevre60 @HaroldSinnott @GlenGilmore @jeffkagan @labordeolivier @Nicochan33 
#Apple hasn't forgotten its employees in China isolated because of the #coronavirus, and is sending them care packages containing food, medical supplies, and an #iPad.  
In addition, @JoeBiden is the best one to fight the Corona virus bc he can get international cooperation to end this epidemic, even from China. #Biden2020  …
China shows how India can cut pollution faster Ghaziabad is world's most polluted city, Delhi is world's most polluted capital. Chinese cities, on the other hand, have seen pollution levels drop significantly. What is China doing right? Read:  
So corona virus will pack her loads and return back to China after watching this, right? 
It is illegal for  to import products made with forced labor. US corporations that continue to have their products made in #Xinjiang #China  with the Chinese government’s repression of the #Uighur  …
How do we know the Coronavirus won’t last long? It was made in China.
“Iranian businessmen say Chinese traders in the early days of the epidemic in China descended on markets in Tehran to buy protective masks in bulks of up to one million at a time until they disappeared from the market.”  …
The Wakhi people are an Iranian ethnic group with a population of ~50,000-60,000 living in remote regions of Afghanistan, Pakistan, Tajikistan, and China. They speak Wakhi, an Eastern Iranian language, that shows affinity to the extinct Ancient Scythian language. 
A reluctance to offend China and an information blackout has meant the persecution of the #UyghurMuslims has gone under the radar. But pressure for change is building #FreeUyghurs #StopGenocide #OneVoice1 #OneVoiceMEWorldView #WtpTEAM  …
Did You Know Frank Was A Teacher & Also Worked For The British Council In China? Why Was He Quaranteed Only 12 Days Instead Of 14? Bad Actor..Fake Cough  …
Amazing NASA images show how pollution has CLEARED over China as coronavirus crisis has kept everyone indoors 
Never let a crisis go to waste... Especially if you are a tyrannical regime. CoronaV is China's way of ensuring all of those Billions spent on Google's tech and AI go to good use. The best all things China channel on the web: @ChinaUncensored  …
When #Cuba was alone, the China's People, Communist Party and the Chinese Gob were there for us. Now the Cuban People stand together as one whit them. 
how is one school supposed to contain all of India and China. So many people,,, and the languages  different 
Must watch clip and RT if you agree with Tucker. Russia or China? Which is America's greatest threat?  via @YouTube
My thoughts are with the people who are suffering from #COVID19. There are now in China 37,414 confirmed cases still under treatment and already 39,002 cured and discharged cases. No fear, no panic! With confidence and professional treatment, we can win this battle! 
Corona Virus deaths in mainland China sky rocket to .00021% roughly the same odds as getting hit by an asteroid while winning the lottery
Fakemon time!! Little teapot elephants based on porcelain/fine china 
US reports its first death from #coronavirus, #China state TV reports. Victim was in Washington state.
Pangolins still under threat despite China ban on eating wild animals amid coronavirus outbreak, campaigners say  …
china banned ao3? good for her good for her!
This is significant not only because of Lord Patten's extensive experience in negotiating with the Chinese government when handing over the former British colony to China in 1999, but also because of his reputation as a "progressive Catholic."
If you recall, my whole MDZS obsession began because I've been trying to report a story on China, The Untamed, and queer media censorship, and now that story seems to be breaking news, so if anyone knows a good professional Chinese translator please point me to them!
News "Over 20,000 infected persons have recovered from Coronavirus in China..."
When watch Trump press conf today remember that On Feb 10 with Coronavirus ravaging parts of China, Trump was asked about his plan to address it. He told us not to worry because the virus "goes away in April with the heat." This is one of the most horrific mistakes in US history 
Epoch has been tirelessly trying to wake up the United States to the China threat for years. In the past year literally everything the CCP gov't has done has verified the warnings, from the Hong Kong protests, the Uighur camps, the NBA scandal and now the Coronavirus.
China is the probably the most cashless country in the world. Yet see how fast Coronavirus spread. In cash based economies like Ghana, Nigeria etc the Central Bank could consider disinfecting it's bank notes
to catch everyone up: ao3 got firewalled in china, ppl are using xiao zhan fans as scapegoat and ppl are spreading lies on twt even though ao3 was literally scheduled to be firewalled
Add forced racism. Who said coronavirus belongs to China? Also add forced in-humaneness. They’re implying that as long as the virus remains in China, everyone should be okay with it
‘NASA and European Space Agency (ESA) pollution monitoring satellites have detected significant decreases in nitrogen dioxide (NO2) over China. There is evidence that the change is at least partly related to the economic slowdown following the outbreak of coronavirus’  …
You wouldn’t be calling #covid19 a #hoax if you been watching it in China since January like I have. I can’t believe I have to even tweet this with what the President knows. China used draconian measures. Forced quarantine, disinfected entire towns, crammed sick people together!
‘How could children who had grown up reading Ginsberg’s Howl be indifferent to politics?’ Reading ‘Howl’ in China –Archive pick: 
Former Vice President Joe Biden on Thursday once again downplayed the notion that China poses a threat to the United States. 
I only wish the people of #HongKong can realize how harmful this truly is to not only their city, but #China as a whole. Deliberately undermining the sovereignty of your country will not secure a better life for yourselves. Just look at the #history of #American intervention  …
- In the wake of the presence of the deadly Coronavirus in Nigeria, some children have taken to the street to protest and request that it be sent back to China. 
Only 4 new cases outside Wuhan. Assuming China isn’t lying it looks like things are mostly under control. It appears the two week quarantine & local precautions have helped to slow the spread of the virus. Italy & Iran should take similar containment measures. 
I would like to know why our government has issued a travel ban for China and Iran - but not Italy
China's pollution plummeted amidst the covid19 outbreak. To everyone suggesting this could lead to sustained environmental reform: read @NaomiAKlein's Shock Doctrine. Disasters lead to panic and consolidation of power, not self-reflection, democracy, or sustainability.
If you missed the live show check out the replay! We talk #coronavirus, China’s stranglehold on the world’s supply-chain, #SouthCarolinaPrimary, and the ideology of the #BernieBros. Also Superfan Gene Huber ( @Squeakey6) drops  …
India is the world's largest multi-ethnic democracy and I have never ever heard you say one good thing about India. You spent your honeymoon in Soviet Union. You've praised USSR, Cuba, Venezuela,  with Stalinists, but never visited India. You understand nothing!  …
#COVID19: Air cooler prices likely to shoot up in #Telangana's Adilabad and surrounding areas this summer as the import of cheaper air  from #China got suspended. 
The politicization of coronavirus & fake news means panic buying...at a time when there are already serious shortages of relevant medicines and medical supplies (and when much of that supply chain is disrupted because of China).
Ppl rushing to buy face masks manufactured in China need to really think about what is happening across globe! Globally 2932 people have died from #COVIDー19 POTUS claims it’s a hoax! While lives lost are overseas, this is NOT A HOAX!! Learn the  …
New study in the @NEJM of 1099 patients with laboratory-confirmed #COVID19 from 552 hospitals in 30 provinces, regions, and municipalities in China through 1/29/20. My key takeaways summarized in the thread below  … 1/X
DHS employee told to report to work in Newark after China travel, in violation of coronavirus  say 
So now if we report on #coronavirus some people will say we spread fear and are just like China or MSM. We have reported on this since January when MSM and China were downplaying and hiding all information. If you listened to us you got out of stocks BEFORE the big boys cleaned..
Apple Sends Care Packages to Employees Stranded in China’s Wenzhou City and Hubei Province by Coronavirus  … by 
China banning AO3 is a big deal, but the takeaway should not be "if only these specific fans in this fandom had behaved better this wouldn'thave happened." The takeaway should be that China is still an oppressive society no matter how globalized, and this was inevitable.
Currently racing to the White House for a Coronavirus press conference from the President (once again in the briefing room). @NPRWeekend will have special coverage at 1:30.  as new cases of the virus have been identified on the west coast, with no apparent link to China
The biggest bottleneck as factories across China start to reopen is a shrunken workforce. Many returning workers must be quarantined for two weeks before entering factories. 
Hong Kong’s last Governor Lord Patten says the #Vatican “got it badly wrong” about China. It was an “extraordinary time to be doing this with an administration” that has “gone back on human rights”  
AO3 does not censor content, it's been very clear about that. But in an oppressive society, nothing is safe from censorship. So as the Archive grew, it became more likely it would fall under the eye of China's censors. 
Bill Gates is obsessed with overpopulation. Just 2 weeks before the Coronavirus broke out in China, he ran a simulation of a deadly pandemic breaking out in that country. Now he enthusiastically supports the virus. Suspicious? I'd say so.  …
"Dearest Eminence, this is Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò, former Apostolic Nuncio to the United States...I have followed deeply — sharing in prayer your suffering — your many heartfelt appeals to Pope Bergoglio concerning the tragic situation of the Martyr Church in China..."  …
Hope at a minimum the virus issue catalyzes a soap campaign in China so that 99% public bathrooms will always have hand soap filled 99% of the time. If China can have a toilet revolution, hand soap revolution should be a lot easier.
The coronavirus could contribute to a collapse of the Chinese Communist Party in the same way that Chernobyl led to the former Soviet Union’s demise, China expert Gordon Chang said  …
As I'm sure you've all (hopefully) noticed, a global retreat into enclaves  affiliation is the zeitgeist. From Trump and Modi to Nazis, China, and ISIS: Citizenship configurations are rapidly shifting in a way that is extremely disturbing.
Trump dismisses global health emergency as “hoax” while WH & Pence muzzle public health experts to  We’ve seen in China & Iran the danger of regimes limiting fact-based health info to protect leaders. Trump is endangering Americans.  …
In China—where medical research & supplies industries are nationalized—the gov has price controlled & created distribution systems of masks, food, medicine. In contrast, the US private healthcare industry is already reaping a profit. Lets hope China makes a vaccine before the US.  …
We don’t know. That’s not being glib. That’s what talking to doctors in US and sources in China know. “We don’t know.” Symptoms often don’t show for weeks. If in 3 weeks it’s not a prelude to the Walking Dead, then we are good.  …
NASA images show how pollution has CLEARED over China As coronavirus crisis has kept everyone indoors Keep their 'nasty' factories closed And the pollution goes Funny how China gets sick The world starts to heal Greta takes credit for it in 5-4-3-2-1 
#Coronavirus has shown us that being dependent w China is dangerous to our economy n public health. Time to remove China's MFN status n seek trade w other countries which are more inline w our values. *seems  sense but few seem to have made this connection hmm*
back to China until july please choose your words wisely & be kind & supportive through all of this , trust me it took a lot out of me just to board this flight 
I might not agree with Steve Bannon on many things, but he is right about #China's #CCP regime. Check this out 
China: @withMEAA said that the withdrawal of press credentials of three @WSJAsia reporters is an "excessive and unnecessary action" and an assault on press freedom  @fccchina
If Tesla pushes out all these new modelY before the end of the qtr. my numbers are too low. We don’t know China deliveries and production and now model Y way ahead of schedule. $tsla
" #coronavirus go back to China" Tomorrow's bigots already being groomed somewhere in Nigeria 
Commissioner's office of Chinese foreign ministry urges U.S. to stop condoning anti-China suspects in Hong Kong  
Before you start popping that bubble wrap, just remember the air in it is from China..
My daughter & hubby stocked up. Getting more. It’s more than odd how the entire EU & Democrat Party have all changed directions from Russia & impeachment. China hates the tariffs & trade restrictions. This may be a unified effort to hurt @realDonaldTrump
China is a huge business market for them. He is called Khan uncle there. That answers everything  …
While most of us were sleeping, China dropped their PMI results and they were the worst on record. The supply chain issues due to coronavirus aren't really being felt here yet, but as a small business currently being impacted by them, we will start seeing them fairly soon.  …
Xi Jinping has made China into the world's most sophisticated surveillance state, @zeynep writes. So why didn't he know about the coronavirus  …
2020.01 China Top100 Mobile APP (ranking by MAU) 3rd column means MAU(in 10K) and 4th column means MoM growth. Have translated and listed Top50 APPs' names and what they do, as below 
The pollution changes in China seems to suggest things are worse than reported, this is pretty dramatic.  …
This is incredibly nerdy but a few weeks back I ordered a wall-mounted metal wig stand from China and I put my Trooper helmet on it. 
Satilite images over China are showing a drop in pollution due to everyone staying inside. Coronavirus has been the first and only only means to successfully cut China’s carbon emissions. Paris Accord, your days are numbered.
What is the purpose of crushing the stock market right now? To blame Trump.. Wait. India a poor country will now be in trades with us. It will benefits their country's poor. Companies in China, we'll be returning to the Israel has a vaccination! 90 days. Way before election.
1-"Bloomberg LP doesn't make money in #China only by selling terminals.Through its massive #BloombergBarclaysGlobalAggregateBondIndex,Bloomberg LP is helping finance  by sending billions of US investor $$into the Chinese bond  …
Terrific thread explaining #coronavirus #COVID19 data on China. Big takeaway (and no offense to anyone): kids are not primary victims. That’s a relief. “... mostly in older people with few cases in kids. Median age 51, most people affected are between 30-69.”  …
An American evacuated from China was quarantined on CDC orders, then got a bill for it  by @RobertMackey
Italy rethinks its warm China embrace, as coronavirus strains trade ties 
China's App Store is pulling a pandemic simulation game in the wake of 
RT if you believe that @realDonaldTrump should demand that any costs incurred by U.S. taxpayers to battle #coronavirus should be 100% paid for by China using the funds the USA pays China for debt interest. @senatemajldr @RandPaul
China ready to share its experience with EU to jointly fight #COVID19  
Would you buy street food in China? 
Workers work at a poverty alleviation workshop in North China's Hebei Province. Poverty alleviation workshops in Neiqiu have resumed production to ensure stable  of impoverished people amid strict prevention measures against the novel #coronavirus. 
Bosses are learning a frightening lesson: they depend too much on China 
So excited that my Tableau Chart Catalog has been translated into Chinese. A Tableau presales engineer, Yingyue Zhang (Amber), suggested that it would open up learning opportunities for people in China. She translated the entire thing for me! Check it out!  …
#CoronavirusOutbreak in #USA issue is the Dems want #OpenBorders, #UnevenTrade, & #MoneyForNothing. Solve: Close the borders #BuildTheWall , No longer depend on China for Meds. #MADEinUSA, billions to be laundered instead take what is needed only. #MAGA #COVID19 
There is no risk-free trade & consumption of any wild mammals and birds, whether wild-caught or farmed. We join our partners @TheWCS in calling for the permanent closure of markets in China--and anywhere else in the world--that trade in live animals. 
After China liberalized its economy, hundreds of millions escaped poverty. Once India moved toward economic freedom in the 1990s, its population saw a remarkable decline in poverty. People lift themselves from poverty wherever they're free to do so.  …
CHINA UNLEASHES LATEST WEAPON AGAINST THE PEOPLE. Weaponised weather? How about giant genetically modified snakes! This post may be based upon a premonition rather than strict veracity. 
Dont even think about messing with us, China.  …
#Wuhanvirus: China may have just accepted that the 'man-made' #coronavirus escaped its biowarfare lab. #SARSCoV2  …
Corrupt officials sold baby #elephants to China.  …
Deaths in #Iran from #Coronavirus have hit 43, the highest number outside #China, and the total number of infected people has risen to 593, an #Iranian #Health official  …
The Pope is absent — the longest sick leave of his papacy, as the coronavirus sweeps Italy, the most infected nation after China. A reported 888 cases: 21 deaths. Vatican mum. Pope Francis cancels third day of events amid “mysterious” illness  … via @nypost
Five patients with suspected #coronavirus infection kept in one ward for “quarantine”. Date: Feb. 27, 2020 Location: Occupational Disease Hospital of Fushun City, Liaoning Province, China 
Just In: Joe Biden says when he's elected mayor of  November, he's going to crack down on the mullahs running China and put a stop to the Budweiservirus.
If Trump thinks the #Coronavirus is a #hoax - he should send Jared, Ivanka and Don Jr to China to check it out. And just for good measure, Devin Nunes, Jim Jordan and Lindsey Graham.
"We were way too focused on the Middle East…The first priority should have been China. …So when  along & he says, China, China, #China, I was very intrigued." Fmr Deputy National Security Advisor @realKTMcFarland on how she started working for Trump. ATL 
Coronavirus by the numbers, as gathered by ⁦ @WSJ⁩ : 25% drop in container volumes in February at port of Los Angeles 92% drop in vehicle sales in China in first 16 days of month 200,000 flights to and from China canceled 
China is treating the Uighurs in Xinjiang like slaves by genocide and exploiting all their rights and freedoms.  should uphold business morale and protect the labour rights of Uighurs. #chinazi #China_is_terrorist 
We know the dangers of a purely political approach from a directly parallel example: China, under another autocratically-leaning ruler, dealt with coronavirus with denial and secrecy, which many say helped the virus to gain a tenacious hold.
#China Will Develop a Mass Transit Management System for #Metro & #OrangeLine Two  have signed an agreement with #Pakistan to provide the transit management system for mass rapid transit systems in the 
In 2018, the #CDC stopped funding epidemic prevention in 39 out of 49 countries, + China, after the #Trump administration refused to reallocate money to a program that began as part of the government's response to the Ebola outbreak in 2014.  …
See security checks at near-deserted #Shanghai airport #China 
Jailed, that's not fair, the smugglers should be jailed, the officers that released them should be shot in the head, so that others would take dressing. Let's fight corruption like China, the way Okute Obi want us to.
If you aren’t following this lady, you should. She has connections in China and is disseminating info regarding Coronavirus. I highly  if you want to see info that is hard to find elsewhere.  …
Hundreds of people lined up in South Korea to get face masks amid the coronavirus outbreak. South Korea has 830+ cases, the most of any nation outside of China 
#StupidLove — Apple Music #1 Brazil #1 China (+1) #3 Finland (+9) #3 Poland (+3) #4 Ireland (+2) #5 Greece #5 Hong Kong (+10) #5 Sweden (+3) #6 Taiwan (+1) #7 Cyprus (+2) #7 Vietnam (+2) #8 Netherlands (+1) #8 Slovenia #9 Lebanon #9 Malta #9 Bulgaria #10 UK (+1) #10 Belarus (+5) 
New England Journal of Medicine: Coronavirus Could Be No Worse than Flu But New England Journal noted travel restrictions on China (imposed by ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ over the objections of some critics) “may have helped slow the spread of the  …
In China and elsewhere, the outbreak will continue to slow manufacturing and port activity in  weeks. 
"We’re seeing a large number of people who have recovered, which is very positive. There are more than 36,000 people who have recovered in China alone…we need to follow these individuals to see how well they do.” - @mvankerkhove @WHO #COVID19 daily briefing 28 Feb. 
The economic fallout from the deadly coronavirus may cause a 6% contraction in China’s first-quarter gross domestic product, according to Pimco 
Trump halts flights from China. Schumer: he's overreacting; he's going to interefere w 1000s travelers, cost biz millions, & poss cause a panic. 2 wks later Trump tells ppl not to panic. Schumer: he's not warning Americans; he's not prepared; he's already mishandling the crisis.
After they found out she donated to China aswell they apologised and some even donated to tzuyu bar, lol, it was just people jumping to conclusions
We must bring all supply trains back to the US and not rely on any other country for anything. That will make America great and strong again. We must be 100% reliant on ourselves for everything. This virus proves it. We have to depend on China for medical supplies? NO WAY!
The Wuhan #coronavirus outbreak has  a wake-up call for  about the risks of dependence on China.  …
 to ph Tacha goes to lagos I go to lagos she's in Ghana I go to edo she's in china The day I'll meet you @Symply_Tacha Trust me the world will know, till then keep smiling. 
[User Content] TWICE's Tzuyu Unfairly Criticized by Chinese Netizens after Donating to Korea & China to Help in Coronavirus Outbreak  …
tzuyu donating more than $40k usd to china after donating to korea while cnetz were quick to bad mouth her.. this is reminding me the amount of hate she got from that entire country so early in her career and while she was still a child. we really dont deserve her.none of us do 
From our publication Socialist Forum: Democratic socialists need an internationalist anti-imperialism that builds solidarity from below with progressive currents in Hong Kong and mainland China.  …
To Date, Influenza accounts for MORE than 50X number of deaths as #Coronavirus in Hong Kong More than a month after Hong Kong reacted to virus & closed its border to China, DAMAGE of virus ISN’T as severe as FEARED & COMPARED to COMMON FLU it’s MINUSCULE  …
Coronavirus: Kenya court suspends all flights from China |More here:  #CitiNewsroom
China will #donate 5000 sets of protective clothing and 100,000 masks in batches to #Japan to aid the fight against #COVID19, the Embassy of China in Japan announced on Sat. 
As 2047 — the moment that China takes full control of Hong Kong — approaches, the protesters FRONTLINE followed worry about the future.  
Dems are saying @realDonaldTrump didn’t take #Coronavirus seriously. How odd...when just over 3 weeks ago, they were accusing him of taking it TOO seriously—calling his PROACTIVE travel restrictions on China a “war against immigrants.” What do you say now, @SenSchumer? 
if XSS a reality, even my own deduction said MS will priority XSX XSS wont be 4TF the closest rumor which inline with Current XSX is from B3D i alreadty post the slide 2 months ago so XSS will be 6-7TF , with RT VRS etc also fit with 350mm2 of China leak basically has die>PS5
And China, and the Iranian leaders, and Princess Cruise Lines, and Italy, and Australia, and 40 other countries all signed onto the #hoax. China went so far as to film videos of people dying in the streets, dying in crowded hospitals, dying in their barricaded homes...
South Korea reported over 800 new cases of the coronavirus on Saturday. The country has the largest coronavirus outbreak outside China, with a total of 3,150 cases. 
gonna write a thread explaining why China won't recover for a decade. The worst  debt, unproductive industries, higher wages. See ya.
Trump is so “tough on China” that he had to socialisitically bail out our farmers with billions of socialist dollars, while at the same time saying “socialism is bad.” Trump is tough on our sanity - China doesn’t notice him at all.  …
Rumor says Internet in #China could be shut down or limited from Mar. 1. Whether it's true or not, here's a notice from a popular movie website, asking its users to download movies quickly as server will be shut down "for maintenance" at 11:00 pm on Mar. 1 #COVID2019 
Other countries will watch China to see whether its digital snooping can provide lessons in how to control the virus’s spread 
Robot tanks fighting #COVID19 in China #Coronavirus #ai #iot #robots #robotics #tech #techtrends #China 
I’d like a clarification on “Trump has been tough on China,” please.
"If China is serious about avoiding a future maritime incident, the Chinese Navy should start following the rules already established. Otherwise, they are not worth the paper they are written on." By @BonnieGlaser and Jeff W. 
Signs of life after China hits pause on the entire economy  …
Democrats are so good at foriegn diplomacy, they've managed to get; China South Korea Iran italy, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, Kuwait, Malaysia, Spain, Thailand, Taiwan, Sweden, Uk, All to play along with the Coronavirus Hoax, just to oust Trump. Impressive.
The volume of crude that will be shipped to China from West Africa next month is set to drop by at least ten million barrels 
This is how dictators do it! This is how China does it! Oh wait! Thought we had freedom of information? “Rep. Garamendi: NIH official canceled on five Sunday talk shows after Pence's office 'took over' | TheHill”  …
A remarkable (and filled with some hopeful metrics) thread on China’s “recovery” phase and #coronavirus next global wave that should lead us all to prepare. “Lots of new cases ...This will happen in the USA and should not shock or scare people.” #nopanic  …
@GordonGChang on Zooming In at #CPAC2020: The phase one deal had the big box retailers thinking that there would be an enduring US-China trade peace. So they stop offshoring factories and taking them outside of #China. The only long-term solution is disengagement from China. 
"I stand with the working class of China against their authoritarian government" has the same energy as "I stand with the working class of the Teamsters against their union". By default it means you actually stand with management.
Man takes off his mask to give CPR to elderly man who slumped despite coronavirus scare in china. Luckily the elderly man recovers after emergency services arrive the scene. 
1) Like dropping an ELEPHANT in the backseat of your car as you’re driving up hill… 2) China’s coronavirus came out of nowhere, then 3) the Democratic ORCHESTRATED news media caused a PANIC TO CRASH Trump’s RECORD stock market 4) Obama’s AG Holder appears to know about this COUP  
BREAKING: France bans gatherings of over 5,000 people. What next for the #F1 French Grand Prix? Looks like $FWONK is digging its head in the sand if it thinks that all it will need to do is postpone its race in China. This is a test of   …
“China is still lying to the world. They are responsible for the spread of #coronavirus outside of their own borders. Time to take a new look, once again, at our entire relationship w/China, in particular, the relationship we have in trade.” -  …
American corporations outsourced our industry to China to save money and bypass environmental regulations.  …
Finally today one of my factories in #China has opened. When I asked the workers why they  back to work. They replied “no money we die also”. #coronavirus #COVID2019 #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak
China's #Tibet: A land full of vigor and vitality. 
This is the best overview I’ve seen of the WHO report on China. Excellent summary of findings.  …
Long story but I’m in the airport in Zurich and I got pulled aside because of the stamps on my passport from visits to China. I thought I would not be able fly back to the US. Switzerland is definitely not messing around.
1/ Hong Kong epidemiologist Gabriel Leung @gmleunghku who was part of recent @WHO mission to China gave a great talk at @LSHTM Feb 27.  …
Artificial sweetener supply pipeline from China disrupted.  …
Kaizer Chiefs fans let's show some love for Lord Daniel "The great wall of China" Akpeyi #SowetoDerby #KaizerChiefs50 #Amakhosi4Life 
Trump was right to shut off flights from China, but other than that he's been a disaster on #coronavirus.
MAYBE I'M I TOO SENSITIVE BUT THIS IMAGE HAUNTS ME China Visitors of a wildlife zoo pay to watch lions eat cows trapped in an enclosure The visitors appear to be entertained by the cow's loud screams of agony as she's ripped to pieces by the hungry lion. some western zoos are 
Completely agree with these important points by @JenniferNuzzo (cc @JHSPH_CHS). Public health is spending valuable time / resources monitoring healthy, returning travelers from China. It’s time to shift to improve COVID-19 surveillance and let PH prepare / respond effectively.  …
North Korea ain't given up its nukes, there's no trade deal with China, a dozen Trump-brokered supposed ceasefires in Syria fell apart in minutes. Pop the corks when the troops are actually home, which even by this document won't be until after the war hits 20 years old.
Angled aluminium louvres cover the reclaimed brick walls of this cultural centre in China, designed by @neriandhu:  
Red Cross society of China has donated a batch of coronavirus test kits, respiration machines and medical supplies to Iran. 
"Share-agriculture" aids spring farming in central China  
300K RMB is about 52~ million won which means Tzuyu donated more than 100 million won today between both Korea and China for coronavirus efforts. These are just the donations that have been publicized so far, and they're Tzuyu's personal donations. Beautiful inside and out.
Does anyone else find it odd that everywhere else other than China it seems to have a 10% mortality rate.  …
Over China, coronavirus coincides with plummet in nitrogen dioxide  …
No, China is not sending a giant duck army to defeat Pakistan's locusts  
In countries like Russia, China, Iran, & North Korea their #FakeNews are under threat of death if they don’t parrot government PROPAGANDA In America, #FakeNews propagandists are trying to “hook up,” secure invites to parties, get their kids into schools 
Surveys like China's PMI can be sentiment-driven. Take the drop in ISM export orders in 2019 as trade tensions peaked. Fully reversed a month later, i.e. it reflected "sentiment," not orders. This is not to dismiss the drop in China's PMI, just that emotions may be playing a role 
rip to ao3 in China but good on ao3 for not censoring content... to the girls and gays in China now one step further removed from their pornography... I keep you in my thoughts... 
Issues of detention and citizenship (and by extension, voting rights) in India, China, Myanmar, the US, and elsewhere are already horrifying today. But we know where they'll lead over time. It's not a mystery what happens when you build a camp system for mass civilian detention.  …
What makes Trump’s “hoax” statement so wrong is that CDC admits only 459 Americans have even been tested for #coronavirus.  China has tested more than 300,000 people Without more test kits, no one has any idea the extent of this. 
Meanwhile in china, in a barber shop...  …
As of 02.29 23:00 BJT, Chinese BLINKs have collected enough money to purchase 98,076 copies of BLACKPINK’s  album (non-shipping back + shipped back to China). @ygofficialblink •Some of them are not included for the time being, please wait patiently 
China just reported its worst manufacturing numbers ever. And actually it was probably even worse than that.  …
China Made Tesla Model 3 Home deliveries at full swing! #Tesla #TeslaChina #ChinaMade #Model3 #特斯拉 #中国 
Still lots of unknowns, and clearly this is based just on what's happening in China, which isn't uniform over different locations. Remains to be seen how this shakes out in other countries. /fin
Case fatality rates reported: 3.8% overall; 5.8% in Wuhan, 0.7% elsewhere in China. Also highest early in the outbreak and fell over time. /14
Epidemic curves outside Wuhan--counting the number of new cases over time--are also flatter than in Wuhan. Cases not increasing as dramatically elsewhere (even other locations in China, but also internationally) as they did in Wuhan. /6
A Department of Homeland Security employee who returned from travel to China was told by her supervisor to report to her workplace in early February in apparent violation of a mandatory 14-day coronavirus quarantine period.  …
Don't forget to tag us if you see the advertisement on Spotify  …
This is the kind of Open Source Hardware advocacy I used to do *successfully* in China- with proven results, before @hackaday and @ohsummit decided to play "yes but how many times can we stab our most effective Open Hardware advocate in China in the back?" 
#China’s ambassador to #Sweden talks like a gangster: “We treat our friends with fine wine, but for our enemies we have shotguns.” He offers a glimpse of a newly forceful brand of Chinese diplomacy. As a result, 70% of Swedes have a negative view of China.  …
Mrs. #SatansSnotRag is the gatekeeper for official  about #Coronavirus. All credibility is lost as Pence’s person is controlling the flow of facts. Like DOJ, State, DNI, only info benefiting Trump is allowed out. We are no better than China with Xi.
>2016 Tzuyu: *Breathes* *Chinese government bans TWICE and accuse member Tzuyu of treason* >2019 Tzuyu: *Donates to prevent spreading of the virus* Chinese peeps: "diD sHe dOnaTed tO tAiWaN?" "iSnT sHe cHinEse WhY noT dOnate tO ChiNa?" "DiD sHe dOnaTEd 2 CHiNa?" etc. 
1. THREAD. There's a fake news story circulating from a website called "MCM News" claiming the Pope has the #coronavirus. The domain was registered in 2016 by a domain squatter in China. The registration was changed three days ago on 26 Feb. 
How SARS spurred the rise of texting + ecommerce in ‘02 in China (from the book on Alibaba by Duncan Clark) So what will coronavirus spur or further adoption of? 
This is fantastic! One thing that’s left such a deep impression is the incredible sense of humour of so many people in China throughout this time of difficulty h/t 
Tzuyu donated for both China and Korea from her own pocket to relieve those who are in need. Tzuyu is an angel. Petty people hid behind the anonymity of their fake account just to send  to her. They are demon's spawns.
Too many disturbing video clippings on Chinese internet (deleted quickly): When @WHO & other health experts praise China's #Covid19 emergency measures, w/o condemning brutality & human rights abuses, do they really want other countries to follow the draconian China model?  …
...futile, tragic wars that China has been free to focus on growth. We do know that our efforts unleashed profoundly destructive forces in the Middle East. And it is very clear that today, as we continue our meandering shuffle to the exit in Afghanistan...
This moment when they all raised their hands trying to touch his face hum....hahaha ...I love Indonesian fans @JK_Indonesian #Jungkook #정국 #BTSOnMV  …
 Uighurs to work in shoe factory that supplies #Nike. An  that profits from China's authoritarianism and forced labor practices. Perhaps something that @Nike should let Americans know before they sell shoes on our  …
Tzuyu donated 50 million won to Korea and 300k RMB to China to help prevent spreading of coronavirus. She’s donated quietly and used her own expenses to support both countries at the same time. She has the best heart of all and deserves the best. 
We have to take responsibility for ourselves. Australians have to look after Australians. Parliament is full of globalist-oriented & venal elites, disconnected from us, & stringing us along. They won't boycott China, but we can. They won't educate on immigration,but we can.
As a Chinese swiftie,I'm always so sad to hear about @taylorswift13 be unfairly treated.Can't stop wondering why, here in China,she cannot be respected as she deserves.  …
China deserves NO MONEY from Tzuyu after they harassed her when she was a CHILD. she was 16 years old when a whole country bullied her. Yet she still donated. Apologize like you forced her to and keep her name out of your mouths from now on. #ApologizeToTzuyu
i almost fogot that yesterday at the park slope food coop, a lady was talking about how coronavirus happened b/c ***China turned on 5G in Wuhan and it mutated the flu*** and in summary this is why the greatest danger to civil society is white ppl
Gallant gentlemen chivalrously concede states and delegates to their my-fair-lady colleagues. Do these men realize how patronizing and sexist they sound, talking about an extremely strong, smart and powerful woman like she's some fragile china doll in need of protection? 
They really threatened to boycott when TWICE is already banned in China lmao. AND YET, despite all that, Tzuyu still wished them well and donated.  …
Top 3 countries with a *favorable* view of China Russia 71% Nigeria 70 Lebanon 68 Top 3 countries with an *unfavorable* view of China Japan 85% Sweden 70 Canada 67  
WOAHHH... HUENINGKAI CHINA FANS IS REALLY LOYAL AND.... RICH. 
China expert: Coronavirus could lead to a collapse of Chinese Communist Party  …
China is the evil empire that released fentanyl, meth, and COVID virus to destroy the world.
Amazing NASA images show how pollution has CLEARED over China as coronavirus crisis has kept everyone indoors 
I never thought our death would also be MADE IN CHINA
it's easy:  Marxism. Young people are not taught this in school, so they think we are lying to them. China is a perfect example. If that's how democrats want to live, why don't they move there?  …
I mean you have NYT columnists openly cheering drops in the stock market and blaming Trump for a virus that started in China and has barely touched the U.S. yet. Do these schmucks not realize how this looks to regular people with real concerns about the potential impact?
DHS employee told to report to work in Newark after China travel, in violation of coronavirus quarantine.  …
Aamir Khan, some of whose films now make more money in China than India, tells his Chinese fans to "follow the instructions of the [PRC] administration," which is "doing all that it can"  …
How is it Russia has only 2 cases of coronavirus when it boarders China???
HK isn't behind the same restrictions as mainland China
When an epidemic looms, gagging scientists is a terrible idea - whether it's in China or the U.S. During an outbreak, suppression of bad news costs lives and eventually angers the public.  via @nytimes #journalism 
At this time, Han China and Rome were  in size and population. Rome: 5 million km² Han China: 6 million km² Rome: 56 million people Han China: > 60 million At this time, it's thought that half of all humans on earth lived in either the Roman or Han Empires. 
These empires maintained the roads and kept them safe from bandits. And so it was now possible to travel the whole length of the Eurasian landmass while passing through the territories of only four empires. Han China --> The Kushan Empire --> The Parthian Empire... 
Reagan ended USSR & DJT Will end China These gov.s Are set up as dichotomies by the DS Communism doesn’t work So they must be kept alive by transfer of wealth from Capitalist countries to the Commie puppet state End the funds End the state  …
So apparently Tzuyu donated to both Korea and China but the c-netz was too fast to badmouth about her. This peak level embarrassment. Years ago you all made her apologize in front of whole world when she was only a child. Shame on c-netz. #ApologizeToTzuyu 
FACT: Both Bush and Obama sent their Health and Human Services secretaries and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention directors to China. These visits have dropped off under Trump.  …
There is really no point in trending that hashtag because Twitter is blocked in China.
THREAD: Sad day for Chinese internet users: Ao3, archive of our own, was reportedly blocked on Feb 29, 2020. I can’t begin to describe its importance to its Chinese users. It’s not mainstream like douban, but in China it‘s a refuge for literature created by and for women. 
Moderate Syrian opposition from China, Turkey and Central Asian and North African countries 
"Since I heard about the #coronovirus in #China, I have been very concerned. I have been following this tragedy with a lot of pain in my heart": 
Ledama Olekina was shouting ethnic hatred the other day in Narok, claiming that he is "a radical rights activist." Let him now PROTECT these vulnerable Maasai men whom Despot Uhuru Kenyatta has stationed in front of KQ flights from China from #coronavirusInkenya. 
“China is already, and rightfully, working to bolster its economy, reopen its schools and return to a more normal semblance of its society, even as it works to contain the remaining chains of COVID-19 transmission,” said the report of the @WHO-China Joint Mission on 
#HongKongPolice's helmet written "I FIGHT FOR CHINA" Hong Kong taxpayers: WTF??? #HongKongProtests  
Tzuyu also donated 300k RMB (around 60 million won) through TZUYUbar to Warm Current in China to help in preventing the Corona Virus There was a delay in the donation news due to the different currency #TWICE #트와이스  
If you're from Iran, Italy, China or South Korea, recently landed to Pak,do not go around roaming for 14 days atleast. Even if you test negative. Don't be selfish. Avoid work and family. Put yourself in self-quarantine. Pls spread this message to those you may know.
° My Need ° What About ° Trust A Try ° China Love ° Truth ° SloLove ° Moist ° Enjoy ° Do It 2 Me ° Roll Witchu ° Take Care ° Curtains ° Night ° Black Eagle ° Shoulda Known Better  …
. @aamir_khan sends emotional message to China, forgets Delhi on the way!  …
If Greta Thunberg was truly concerned about C/Change and environment she’d be talking to China,India and Russia not impressionable school children in #Bristol who have now ruined the college green and are in a Country doing their best to do the right  …
Tzuyu had also donated to 暖流计划 which is a part of China welfare foundation. According to Tzuyu bar screenshot, this was delayed because it's  to do money transfer from o/s, so she wasn't able to achieve her goal of donating to both KR/CN at the same time.  …
Markets expected to fall further as coronavirus hits China's economy  …
A growing number of discharged coronavirus patients in China and elsewhere are testing positive after recovering, which could make the epidemic harder to eradicate  
Someone is selling Gold. In large enough quantities, it’s overwhelming the buys in a tanking stock market. Who? China? Why?  …
How many would there be if Trump had not stopped those flights from China? Trump averted disaster. Report that.  …
Coronavirus: Rescuing China's animals during the outbreak  …
#Caixin: "A Caixin investigation found that as early as December, researchers in multiple labs around #China tested samples from patients with unexplained viral pneumonia and found the cause was a virus similar to SARS, weeks before officials publicly identified... 1/2
Trump Factoid: Trump calls Xi Jinping of China a KING “I am not a king, I am a President” says Xi “No, you are President for life, so you are a King” says Trump If Trump gets a further 4 years you know which direction he’ll want to go He will be King of America Guaranteed!
Today, some say it's not about money, it's a question of her morality and silence on China that's the issue. So why did you ignore her message from 1 month ago?" End trans.
Translation" "Reminder: January 25th, when the virus still only existed in China, Tzuyu who was on holiday in Taiwan already send her regards to Wuhan's medical staff. She should be among the earliest celeb to do so+
Chris Patten always a refreshing voice - we have remained friends since our first meeting in 1984. Vatican 'got it wrong' about China says Patten  …
With Doha agreement,US is leaving #Afghanistan to Afghans.Not hard to guess which Afghans will ultimately prevail.For Russia,China,&regional powers the questions are:(1)what kind of rule the Taliban will impose;(2)whether they will host/tolerate jihadis with transnational agenda.
We believe there is no reason to panic over #coronavirus - however there are many more cases than reported in the US but the good news is there are effective meds against it and not many Americans will die. The bad news is the stock market will keep crashing because of China.
WILL THIS DEVIL ANSWER THE QUESTION: "Do you believe the #coronavirus is a hoax?" & SAY: #Coronavid19 OR #coronavirus is a #US biological warfare virus produced in #US military biological laboratories & used against #China to destroy its economy 
Cut China Out! @Nigel_Farage on #AMERICAFirst  
See????? She donated to China too. Yall so fast on judging and hating her for no valid reason. You don't deserve her! #CnetzApologizeToTzuyu #OurAngelTzuyu  …
instead Corona vírus Will be the nail in the Chinese coffin DJT is aware of this FF US will seek trade elsewhere Fed will be forced to significantly reduce rates thus cheapening the $China Will  secluded it’s markets will crumble WE will prevail China will be destroyed  …
Tzuyu donated ¥300k to China for the prevention of spreading the corona virus. I am so proud of her, real life angel indeed @JYPETWICE #TZUYU #쯔위 #ツウィ #周子瑜 #TWICE 
Vatican 'got it wrong' about China says Patten  …
Coronavirus in China creates a huge problem with our supply chain including medicines. President Trump correctly states the need to bring the supply chain closer to home and turbocharge our own manufacturing capabilities in the United States.  …
Mr Imran . Don't interfere to our matter . Better you concentrate how to repay loans to China & US!  creating terrorism all over the world ! You & your Aasmani kitab ! Check the fact first , don't post like a madarsa chap.  …
We must never again let ourselves  dependent on an enemy for critical items. #China  …
The Corona Vírus FF is China’s kamikaze move China knows DJT wants to destroy it In order to prevent reelection & the disclosure that the entire DNC is control by China selling US secrets China must destroy itself & it’s economy to take US with it Thus saving it  …
“The WHO has shipped testing kits to 57 countries. China had  tests on the market 1 month ago & can now do up to 1.6 million tests a week; South Korea has tested 65,000 people so far. The US CDC has done only 459 tests since the epidemic began”  …
COVID-19 is spreading from China. : I knew it! Dammit China! Let's avoid Chinese restaurants! Racism makes us safe! Asian folk have germs! And Italy. : So? I'm still gonna eat pizza. What's up Alessandro! High five Giuseppe! *touches face* Wash your hands? : No! 
the china way of suppressing the Press #HKPoliceState 
Lord Patten sees through the China Communists. Please stand with Hong Kong and support Hong Kongers fighting for regaining autonomy, freedoms, justice and human rights against the tyranny. 
U.S criticizes Trump for CODIV19, but from beginning he took it seriously. He immediately rescued citizens trapped in China. He isolated them. He stopped China flights. Then he appoints Pence and a Committee What’s Canada done? Told us to start hoarding!  …
Tzuyu has donated ¥300K to China. The angel indeed, @JYPETWICE. #TWICE 
Trump calling the coronavirus a “new hoax” last night is right out of the dictator’s playbook. Remember china’s leader did similar when outbreak happened there. Trump is how democracies die. #TrumpLiesAboutCoronavirus
As #coronavirus cases surge outside China, the US is bracing for a wider outbreak. But some say “nobody seems to care” about #Covid19 in the US  
Chinese ship fired laser at American P-8A Poseidon aircraft ——— China has been bombarding our aircraft with MICROWAVE frequencies to cause metal fatigue for decades! China = ENEMY of USA Coronavirus = NOT an ACCIDENT CNN/DEMS = China’s Media PARTNERS  …
What country benefit most from DNC presidential victory? What country is the US economy depending on most at this time? What if China makes up a pandemic so trade can halt & US economy crash? How would elections be affected if Trump economy crash? WE must destroy China  …
One important policy China is attempting to implement is to allow highly indebted firms an ability to gain access to cash, delay debt and rent payments to avert a supply shock from  a financial repayment crisis. This could be a choke point for US as well.
It's safe to say I think this is the beginning of the end. (The  dealing with the coronavirus in China) 
A China-Europe freight train carring mail from Germany arrives in Zhengzhou, China. 
China's decision to prohibit some trade and consumption of wild animals is a big step, but loopholes exist. Updates on #COVID19 #coronavirus:  
how can y'all boycott them when you banned them from china already? are you saying you've been supporting twice all this time? that you were buying albums and listening to songs even after china told you not to? and you're going to stop just now???  …
In the book Eyes of Darkness, Dean Koontz talk about a 2020 pandemic of a virus created in Wuhan China This is all a FF Patriots are in control & ahead of the curve We will not be fooled #Qanon #Qanons #Coronavid19 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusKe  …
Apple Music — Ranking Debut #StupidLove Worldwide 30. Stupid Love (NEW) US 47. Stupid Love (NEW) UK 11. Stupid Love (NEW) Brasil 1. Stupid Love (NEW) China 1. Stupid Love (NEW) 
china to tzuyu: bullies her when she was 16, bans her, says they want nothing to do with her also china to tzuyu: wHeRE's oUr dOnAtIOn?
Dont panic #Coronavid19 . Stay away from China Town. Wash yr hands. Trust @realDonaldTrump @VP / #CDC . God. Stay vigilant ! AND Dont get "Free Hug" , "Free Kisses" from Young Chinese Girls, Boys, like Italian did #CoronavirusOutbreak . #maga #kag  …
The maps on this page show concentrations of nitrogen dioxide, a noxious gas emitted by motor vehicles, power plants, and industrial facilities. The maps above show NO2 values across China from January 1-20, 2020 (before the quarantine) and February 10-25 (during the quarantine)  …
Single nurse, 30, asks China to 'assign' her a boyfriend as a reward for helping Wuhan fight killer coronavirus 
Caught flat footed? He had a task force a month ago while the left sat on your thumbs  the task force wasn't the right race mixture. He closed flights and the  it was racist and hurting China.  …
Chinese Swifties need help! The inaction and discriminatory treatment of UMG China have seriously affected Taylor Swift’s reputation and development in China. @taylorswift13 @taylornation13 @treepaine @RepublicRecords @UMG 
We've found well over 80  that rely on forced Uyghur labour in mainland China  their orders.  …
Cuban people & government reinforces solidarity with China and its people in their fight against the coronavirus.  …
What  about was once on Selena. UMG China played blind eyes on Beliebers' attacks toward Selena, gave no promotion for Selena's music but instead conducted malicious things on her songs. So we definitely need her team to know it. Get Selenators to expand this.  …
I just read a great article about credit card #s stolen by China, bought by Saudi Arabia and Qatar and then used to make micro donations for @realDonaldTrump in 2016.
Controlling the epidemic may require very difficult interventions, and cause considerable disruption, as we have seen in China and other Asian countries. Epidemiology is a set of methods that will allow us to refine our interventions, to zoom in on those that work best. 11/n
It's kind of funny that China would develop such a virus and attack the United States with it by infecting itself. It's almost as if George bush the Lesser were in charge of the stradegy
What’s happening there is obviously not a *good*  but they have been more successful at halting the spread of infection than I — a dumb American who forgets that China is full of huge cities that aren’t particularly well-known internationally — had realized.
112 people, housed at quarantine facility in Delhi after being evacuated from Wuhan in China, tested negative for #coronavirus: Official. #COVID19
Such widespread use of forced labor by the Chinese government could make the coronavirus pale  as an impediment to China-based supply chains for  that purports to respect human rights.
I’m willing to use my tax dollars to send all liberals to Cuba, Venezuela, China, or Russia permanently for FREE so they can live out their lives in a  regime.
The widespread intraplate volcanism in northeast China and the unusual ‘petit-spot’ volcanoes offshore Japan could have resulted from the interaction of the subducting Pacific slab with a hydrous mantle transition zone, according to a Nature paper.  
 should source anything from China without first verifying that its supply chain is free from this new large-scale forced labor by Uighur Muslims. Human rights pledges are meaningless  don't proactively verify before importing.
Here is the Article that claims Hunter & Joe Biden helped transfer Coronovirus to China. Dave Hodges also claims the Bidens sold secret F35 Technology to China for Cash??? @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse  …
#MAGA carry on as normal, book your cruise now, see the Great Wall of China, don’t believe those Democrats, the #coronavirusus is just a #hoax
In its next step of social control, the Chinese government is spreading Uighur Muslims around the country, taking them away from their Xinjiang homes, and forcing them to work. That potentially infects every supply chain in China with forced labor. 
Feb 29: #831PrinceEdwardAttack Half-anniversary  flowers at Prince Edward Station. #HKPolice visited & clear flowers many times at scene. Police helmets were embroidered with Chinese flag & "I Fight For China". Source: Flash Media 
China can test 1.6 million people for #COVID19 every week. South Korea has tested 65,000 people so far. The US has tested only 459 people. Rapid, reliable & widely-available testing is essential. Great story by ⁦  …
China is treating Uighurs like slaves. It's extreme inhumanity and racism. @Nike should stop its factories in China from exploiting the labour rights of Uighurs. #chinazi #China_is_terrorist 
Name calling is uncalled for. The point is, there's no need to panic at this point, unless you live in China. Precautions are being taken. Yes it's scary, but panic is counterproductive.
Well she is lying . Trump stopped travel from China a while back and took all kinds of heat for it . Now we know it was the right choice and the Democrats are trying to spin this , when in truth their in actions are slowing the process  …
Great piece-and recall legacy of the #China #Beijing 2008 @olympics as we look to 2022: serious #humanrights violations, expansion of security apparatus, emboldened govt. “Sport” needs to set, keep bar high.  … @hrw @hrw_chinese @MinkysHighjinks
Compared w/peers, USA testing has been woefully inadequate. Until we test at greater scale, we don't know whether we have 66 cases (current report) or 6K cases. Controlling movement (i.e., China) makes our disease control more challenging, even as healthcare is likely better. 7/
Trump made single most decisive move to protect America from the coronavirus. Early on, he suspended entry of foreign nationals who had been in China within specified time frame. At the time, this was condemned by dems, including Schumer, in a now-deleted tweet. End of story.
#GlamorChina Cherry blossoms and time-honored architecture at Jiming  to create a tranquil and beautiful spring scene in Nanjing, East China's Jiangsu province. 
Primer on China’s current moon mission after it became the 1st to land on the dark side of the moon 
Trump administration’s total  in handling the coronavirus crisis is astounding. DHS employee told to report to work in Newark after China travel, in violation of coronavirus quarantine. ⁦  …
Has China said enough about the coronavirus genome?  … via @yahoosg
Weak China PMIs: 1. Quarantines mean activity is postponed, not lost (lhs). 2. So data don't signal broken supply chains, ... 3. or fundamental problems with the economy. 4. German manufacturing has those issues, ... 5. as it retools its auto sector (rhs). 6. Looks different... 
post_America Afghanistan will witness a strained situation between pro_Iran and other powerful elements. and also post_putin Russia and China may stand crossed in a try to fill in the gap. Neighbours must stand responsibly for peace in Afghanistan. @ImranKhanPTI @HassanRouhani
As virus spreads, other countries can learn from China  …
Look this, what's happening in Italy? The healthcare staffs are trying to catch a infected patient? Why those western medias are mute to this? U could say the man have no human right, why u don't blame it but only blame China with the same thing? 
Because China, thus far,  dominates the #COVID19 story, total ACTIVE cases are actually in decline. (People are recovering (or dying) faster than new cases are being discovered). This could change in a hurry if the virus continues to spread outside of China. 5/ 
This is an easier representation of the prior data. New cases being reported outside of China have just begun to take off. We have VERY variable reporting as well (e.g., Italy has NOT reported recently - when they do, the number will jump, etc.). 4/ 
In China people are doing handshake in an alternative way to avoid #COVID19 
The Dept of Homeland Security violated fedl policy regarding #COVID19, ordering an employee returning from China to NOT quarantine. I can hear @WhiteHouse rxn: See, nobody got sick, this is all a liberal media hoax. Oh my...  …
Daily Death rate is dominated by China. Of the 57 new deaths reported, 47 were in China (9 in Iran). You MIGHT be able to hide new active cases. It is much harder to hide deaths. The trend is favorable (we want to see it continue for a few more days before we applaud). 2/ 
"The “Karakax” documents further affirm that China’s campaign against the Uighur rises to the level of cultural genocide insofar as they reveal an intent to target the younger generation, specifically those in the prime pregnancy ages of 20 to 40 years."  …
Thread/ #Covid19 charts/data to start your day. Good news is that China seems to have MOSTLY contained this. Every bit of  from #China indicates that worst is behind them. The bad news is that outside of China is starting to explode, albeit still at lower scale. 1/
#HongKongPolice aka #HKGestapo with sticker "I fight for #China". DISGUSTING. Credit : #FlashMedia #831PrinceEdwardAttack #831TerroristAttack #HongKong #HongKonger #HongKongProtests #PoliceState 
here's hw u knw tae's actually an organic archiver like his views been frozen on youtube for hrs yet here he is being the only member with more than 2M views for a fancam on china's biggest website 
[1950 Prince Edward] #HongKongPolice came to the station and take away the white flower. There is a “I fight for China” on the helmet of thepolice  to the station because today marks the half year of the 831 police attack #HongKongProtests 
The reduction in activity is measurable throughout China. The reduced activity follows one of the largest quarantines in history #coronavirus 
Corona virus has diminished China' efforts of world domination.
South Koreans who suspect they have symptoms of the deadly coronavirus can now get tested at a 'drive-thru' centre, without having to leave their cars. South Korea has the most cases outside China, with nearly 3,000 infections  
We found that this  practice in many factories Uyghurs work in. The Chinese government is now exporting the punitive culture and practices of Xinjiang’s “re-education camps” to factories across China. Many are monetizing the results. We also found evidence that 4/
Part of why China had trouble containing #Coronavirus was because people were afraid to tell the truth. Related: Trump is threatening whistleblowers who speak out about our bumbled response.
The economic impact of the response to the coronavirus has been staggering. China basically shut down. And now it’s spreading worldwide. No surprise stock markets (finally) dropped this week.  …
The Chinese government has transferred more than 80,000 Uyghurs from Xinjiang to factories across China that  including @Nike, @Apple, @Dell and @Volkswagen. In total we name more than 80 well-known global brands with Uyghur labor in their supply chains. 2/
[Recap] Beijing ‘throttling freedom’ in Hong Kong, says ex-governor Chris Patten following arrest of pro-democracy figures  … @hk_watch #hongkong #china 
China's tech giants have responded to the coronavirus outbreak by deploying autonomous vehicles to bring supplies to medical workers, fitting drones with thermal cameras to improve detection of the virus and lending their power to help develop a vaccine. 
Please help retweet it to expose Universal Music China’s inaction and passivity on Taylor Swift‘s issues. @taylornation13 needs to know that. Loads of examples in the past years can prove that the admin of UMG China official Weibo account is an understated Tay hater. 
Why are we not seeing the full impact of the coronavirus on UK manufacturing industry yet? A shrewd guess would be because it can take 30+ days for bulk container shipments to travel from China to the UK, so many factories will still be receiving deliveries sent many weeks ago.
Time to bring home the manufacturing: With most drug  from China, FDA says shortages have begun  …
The fate of China’s economy is of crucial importance to a world with few solid drivers of growth 
“To this day they [China] still have concentration camps, they still kill people for believing in religion, they still dictate what you can or can’t believe...Chinese people today are living under a tyrannical regime that masquerades as a capitalist society.”  …
As somebody, who lives in China and survived *looks at watch* 6 weeks of this Virus business, here is my top tip: block and mute everything on social media that spreads any kind of panic and fear-mongering. The news around this topic are out of control and won't do you good.
Imagine waking up tomorrow and you find yourself in Wuhan, China...
Mainland China, excluding Hubei, reports lowest new daily infections  
An elementary school employee in Oregon tested positive for coronavirus. The individual has no known contact with anyone who has traveled to China. Plus, a high school student near Seattle tested positive and officials plan to sanitize the student’s school. @GadiNBC has 
There has been a number of cases seen that victims collapse on the streets - similar to what was reported in China 
Gui Minhai’s 10 year prison sentence reminds us of the future of free speech in HK if they  part of China! ⁦ @Stand_with_HK⁩ ⁦ @FreedomHKG⁩ ⁦ @hkdc_us⁩ ⁦⁦⁦ @hk_watch⁩ ⁦ @Fight4HongKong⁩ ⁦ @SolomonYue⁩ #HongKong  …
China Manufacturing came in at 35.7. Quick study if last China PMI < 50 and SP500 down 2% or more in 2 day since '10 w/ 1 day hold. SMALL! sample size and I think 'this time will be different' but who else excited for the open? Last 15 occur. pictured 
All 112 evacuees from #Wuhan in China housed at #ITBP Chhawla Quarantine Facility in New Delhi tested negative for 
Stupid Love has sold 300k sps in China on it’s first day. The song is still doing great units on Chinese streaming services and #1 on Apple Music! 
The coronavirus won’t last long because it was made in China.
An incredible read. China is the most detrimental factor on pollution. Over China, cornavirus coincides with plummet in nitrogen dioxide  …
HNA asks China's Hainan government for help as coronavirus lifts liquidity risks  
United States has NO deaths due to Coronavirus! I find it extraordinarily suspicious that China has an airborne virus during or right after they agree to pay the United States $50 billion in farming. SUSPICIOUS!
 in #Xinjiang or employing #Uyghurs in other parts of #China perform adequate due diligence? Profoundly skeptical. @hrw  …
To  she never kept the same address, in conversation she spoke just like a baroness, met a man from China went down to Geisha Minah then again incidentally if you're that way inclined. 
As the coronavirus intensifies, we are now learning that many of the medical supplies we need are made in China. Clinton, Bush Jr., & Obama: "Killing American jobs & sending our manufacturing base to a hostile,  country seemed like a good idea at the time."
Yes, @SenTomCotton is right: @realDonaldTrump's China travel ban was "the single most consequential and valuable thing" done to slow the spread of the coronavirus. But did you read about it in @nytimes or hear it from @SenSchumer or @SpeakerPelosi  …
I tweeted this yesterday and @MobilePunch did this today. I’ll repeat it again, this is not how China, Indonesia, Malaysia developed their country to meet the saner climes. The relevant authority should shut down this irre and let who wants to cry cry themselves to sleep  
Me super girl from China , me super girl from China ❥ #AlwaysWithYouShehnaaz 
Brethren, Due to reasons out of my control, the next batch of #MasonicTwitter badges are DELAYED. Please RT to spread the word and keep your eyes peeled for updates when I get them! #coronavirus #china
It is time for the world, for many reasons, to cut #China loose. Rampaging diseases, crimes against humanity, suppression of rights, attacks on democracies, territorial aggression: What more reason do we need? #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak #EastTurkistan #Xinjiang  …
Chinese disease control experts arrive in Iran #Iran #China #CoronaVirusIran #COVID19  …
'Message is clear': China jails Hong Kong publisher Gui Minhai 
"Every multinational must now be looking at how to reduce its dependence on China" - Alicia García-Herrero >>  
I don't know why some Chinese ppl are mad about Tzuyu donating to Korea LOL. First of all, she's Taiwanese. Second, China banned her. Third, that country left a big trauma on her. Now they want her money???
First, they sprayed chemicals outside on the streets across China and now, the jet-packed fogmen are moving indoors and spraying while people are still inside the building. #coronavirus  … via howroute 01 #SaturdayMorning
43 deaths (so far) out of 593 is 7.3%, which is much higher than the 2% fatality rate which is being reported by China  …
Cotton calls Trump’s China travel ban 'the single most consequential and valuable thing' done to slow coronavirus  …
A DHS employee returning from travel to China was told by her supervisor to report to her workplace in early Feb. in violation of a mandatory 14-day quarantine period,  …
“‘The homework that Chinese people wrote with their blood and sweat is right in front of your very eyes, and you aren’t capable of copying it?’ said one post widely circulated on WeChat, a messaging app.” #China Spins #Coronavirus 
#SaturdayMorning We can’t be a nation of stupid people anymore. WWII was instigated when Japan bombed its own railway system & reported it was the Russians. #FakeNews Now China uses #FakeNews to collapse US power without firing a shot.  …
35 people killed in Delhi, less than 100 retweet. World doesnt care Indians very much. If happened in China, 100K retweet at least in 10 minutes. World cares Chinese very much.  …
[ #SIFJP] 1st half of Aqours Spring Fairy set released - UR Dia - SSR Riko - SR Chika, Yoshiko, Ruby Main box removals: - SRs and URs of the Dancer set - SSR China Dress Ruby&Kanan - SR Western Ruby&You (event) 
#Iran confirms 205 new cases of #coronavirus in the last 24 hours, according to Iranian state TV, making it the country with the highest death toll outside of China. #COVID_19  
bought myself the AirAsia unlimited pass. Bayar RM499 and you can travel to Aussie, Japan, Korea, China and India banyak kali mana you nak woo 
All 112 evacuees from #Wuhan in China housed at #ITBP Chhawla Quarantine Facility in New Delhi tested negative for #coronavirus. Pic: 
"In the face of a previously unknown virus, China has rolled out perhaps the most ambitious, agile and aggressive disease containment effort in history," said the report of the @WTO-China Joint Mission on #COVID19. 
China has more English speakers than the United States.
US GDP 21 trillion, China 14t, India 3t Even GDP weighed india should have 2000 diplomats. Can we double in 5 years?  …
Fears are growing that the coronavirus outbreak has reached early stages of a global pandemic: infections in South Korea, Italy, and Iran have no apparent connection to China.  …
Hey Trump supporters Trump is 100% right. The Coronavirus is a hoax. Your job as Trump supporter is to prove it to the world. Try a get it. Fly to China. Do whatever it takes to be where the virus apparently is. . .
 Uighurs to work in shoe factory that supplies Nike 
Containing the spread  and treating the  workers and doctors in China keep up the fight against the #coronavirus 
#China after #coronavirus: "Between 23% & 37% of workers have returned to work in major cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou & Shenzhen so  to 95% in previous years after the #Chinese New Year holiday" It's going to take a  …
C-netz demanding Tzuyu should just stay in South Korea as if she would ever willingly set foot in mainland China ever again lol + TW lowkey owes her after lowkey using her as a political tool so they won't ever cast her out like y'all did to her for the same reason as y'all have.
A total of 1,000 books donated by enterprises and citizens have been handed over to the patients of #COVID19 in the makeshift hospital in #Wuhan, Central #China's Hubei province. 
#FactsTell: International media outlets including Forbes and the Financial Times are bashing China's recovery to work in a very difficult situation. What does the situation really look like in #China? CGTN's @SerenaDong0108 has 
Hand sanitiser sold out all over Germany. Meanwhile in China.. #CoronaVirusDE #Desinfektionsmittel 
Switzerland on the ball. Shame UK didn’t do this in Bristol yesterday. Is Greta heading to China or India yet? To lecture those countries.  …
In meeting with Ambassador Wang ke at his office in Dodoma, Speaker of the Tanzanian National Assembly Hon. Job Ndugai reaffirmed Tanzania’s solidarity and support for China's relentless efforts to fight against #COVID19. @bunge_tz @foreigntanzania 
#Coronavid19 sample based reports in respect of 112 evacuees taken from #Wuhan, China housed at ITBP Chhawla Facility, New Delhi has been found negative. The evacuees includes 36 foreigners also. #coronavirusindia #CoronaVirusUpdates 
What pisses me off is that the west sit & create viruses that can wipe the planet just to show power! US, China, Israel, Iran, Russia etc all have deadly viruses developed in labs paid for with taxpayers monies all for what? Its a matter of time before the next one hits.  …
The UK is 3rd largest investor in Pakistan after China & the Netherlands & accounts for 8% of foreign direct investment #FDI to Pakistan. post-Brexit, Pakistan would continue to enjoy similar market access which it was currently enjoying under GSP Plus  
Tibet is heavily restricted, with China blocking access for @UN officials and foreign journalists. Tibetans cannot practice their religion the way they want and those who criticise the regime face harsh punishment. The @UN must not forget about  …
Took some time to check out @badiucao's "Made in Hong Kong: Banned in China" exhibition in Melbourne. Funnily enough, we met the man himself! He was very happy to answer questions from people and may have felt a bit ambushed by YSB and friends. Oops! Glad to have seen this IRL. 
China's League of Legends pro league will resume on March 9 but will be online only due to the coronavirus outbreak  
It is the characteristic of small minds to project simplistic emotions and beliefs onto  economic and political interaction between nation-states. China does 'this'. Europe wants 'this'. They "face-off". Some never mature beyond their storybook versions of the world.  …
“The anticipated economic boost for Italy has yet to materialize, with its trade deficit with China widening further last year. A breakdown of Chinese investment..suggests Italy has failed to attract many concrete projects in the past year.”  …
China has a new announcement on #wildlife trade in response to #COVID-19. What’s new & what does it mean? Check out the latest ICCS blog from @yuhanli126 for the details!  @OxZooDept @UniofOxford @IWTnet @MScBiodiversity @rhodes_trust @EJMilnerGulland
This is China Disinfecting the whole city.I admire the level of pragmatism endorsed by this govt. God Heal this Land. #coronavirusinlagos , #PreventionIsTheNewCure. #COVID2019 
4. Contact tracing very high (99-100%) drawing on big data & artificial intelligence. 5. At great social & economic cost (*I would add human rights cost too*), real decline in newly confirmed cases in China. 6. Variety of repurposing drug trials ongoing. 7. Not SARS or flu-like.
China has announced it will ban the consumption of most wild animals due to #Coronavirus outbreak. It's believed the virus started at a Wuhan 'wet market', where live animals are freshly slaughtered & kept in close proximity to humans & other dead  …
Be vigilant about Corona Virus. Ignore all these public officers irresponsibly claiming to have capacity that mighty China doesn't. *Wash your hands often *Wear mask always in public *Stop shaking hands *Avoid skin to skin contact *Try to avoid crowd #Coronavid19
Not sure I totally agree with this guy as China imports are only 3% of US economy and there is something sinister going on to tank the markets this bad in a week, but I did see @ScottPresler walk by.  …
As if the news of a brutal week in the main markets was not enough, China’s manufacturing PMI for February came in at 35.7, an all-time record (was 38.8 in the 2008 financial crisis). Services PMI was at 29.6, also a record low.
In the parallel universe of #China, there are 30 February, 31 February... Let's not forget there is also a day called 35 May, 1989. 
My basic take-away from WHO China Mission report (also see @kakape thread) 1. Children aged 18 and under only 2.4% of all reported cases. We don't know role children play in transmission. 2. Many health workers infected at home, not at work. 3. Mortality increases with age.
China is doing a lot to quell this epidemic. Let's remember China and the world at large in our prayers. #coronavirusinlagos
Why do the left & the Greens try and hang everything on Boris & Trump. It’s just so stupidly embarrassing.Whose producing the most CO2? China.Who is building coal fired power stations? China.Who eats cats & dogs?China Who let the pox out of the lab? China.
#China Vegetables donated to #Wuhan were not sent into Wuhan & left to rot on the roadside. Chinese officials consider selling overpriced vegetables to Chinese citizens under lockdown to be a profitable business. Donation harm their profit and is banned. 
“It’s a catch 22 ... The government aren’t doing one thing or the other. They’re not containing it, like they did in China, and they’re not testing for it. They have no idea of the problem. ... It’s the worst of both worlds, and they’re causing panic.”  …
Italy rethinks its warm China embrace, as coronavirus strains trade ties 
China’s manufacturing PMI drops to the lowest *ON  in at 35.7 for February (below 50 marks a contraction). The non-manufacturing PMI was even worse, falling to 29.6.  
Ladakh MP Jamyang Tsering Namgyal at India Ideas Conclave, Gujarat: On one side of Ladakh was radical Islam & on  China both 'close friends' of India. In the midst of that Art370 wasn't allowing us to join mainstream,there was a sense of insecurity&discrimination 
In 1979, Soviets invaded Afghanistan. Pakistan decided to support Afghan Mujahideen to stop the Soviet advance into Pakistan itself. It was a war we had to fight for our own survival. US, China, Saudis & Kuwaitis joined much later. But Iraq, Syria & Libya were offended.
Single nurse, 30, asks China to 'assign' her a boyfriend as a reward for helping Wuhan fight killer coronavirus 
#China has sent a group of experts to Iran to  the novel #coronavirus in the country, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying announced on Friday. #COVID19  
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said it had identified 20 drugs produced or sourced exclusively from China, but it declined to name them. 
“China is trying to export its governance model across the word, including into Europe,” said Volker Perthes, director of the German Institute for International and Security Affairs, a think tank that advises Germany’s government and parliament.  … #China
What, will they just go to China observe ducks eating locusts or what? This is why experts in this country leave to go elsewhere. If your own leaders can't even utilise the rich knowledge available locally but choose to go "benchmark", what's the point really?  …
chinese netizens cant threaten to boycott Tzuyu and Twice because they dont promote in china  
Hospitals in China are reporting their experiences with hundreds of coronavirus patients so far. 
The world would be better off if China never existed.  …
'Don't be kidnapped by China': Taiwan tells WHO in bid for separate virus tally — Canada and other nations should stand with Taiwan for transparency and action on the virus.  …
The danger of d world manufacturing industries overdependence on China is a painful revelation. Trust me d western world are now looking for alternatives, Nigeria can step in & provide this alternative but our leaders are more interested in improving Boko Haram. #ODUDUWA
Despite facing mounting internal and external risks and challenges in 2019, China has made remarkable economic and social progress. Here are some facts and figures:  
y'all bullied her when she was just a minor for waving her country's flag, sent death threats, demanded an apology, and banned Twice in China and now you want her money? lol the AUDACITY  …
I pray and urge JYPE to never ever let Tzuyu and TWICE to go to China to have their promotions or whatever. Just look at the people so embarrassing!! I believe Tzuyu and her family already donated in Taiwan but obviously they are the type to tell every one they are donating
17 CNetz Accounts who attacked Tzuyu for donating to Korea instead of Taiwan/China was found disactivated when I fought them back. For Tzuyu, I’ll pick a fight. @JYPETWICE
 after tzuyu for donating to korea and not china as if she owes them anything.. they can fuck off
‘They have changed the course of this outbreak:’ Revelations from handling of coronavirus in China | CBC News  …
How much of an idiot do you have to be to genuinely wonder why Greta Thunberg isn’t staging protests against climate change in China and Russia. These countries don’t even let their own people protest.
China said the number of people in the country who have recovered from the coronavirus now exceeds the number of those confirmed to still have it 
Tip of the Day If you find yourself in a long queue.. Just start coughing and say this is the worst you have been since getting back from China...... 
America has 14,000 diplomats all over the world; China has 8,000; India cannot stand in their league by having 900 diplomats — open the floodgates of lateral entries @narendramodi
My @WSJ Review cover piece this morning on how Europe wakes up to China’s threat to its democratic system.  
The coronavirus epidemic prompted China to permanently ban trade of wild animals as food, but not for medicinal use.  #COVIDー19 #pangolins #wildlife #corona #covid #virus #animals #China 
Soooo in response China releases a virus in one of its own cities, kills thousands of its own citizens, spends billions, cripples its own economy, and risks political instability. Yes, makes perfect sense..."germ warfare"
The Briton living in China says that at this moment, he feels China is the safest. In addition, he said he had been to many countries in the world and that China was the safest. #China #COVID2019 
Supply chain disruptions slowly starting to manifest. Norwegian  prepare to lay off 240 people due to  deliveries from China. - Missed deliveries is a lagging indicator - Production impacts still worsening The economy is a dead man walking.
"China has found a magic bullet against the Vienna treaty – a pillar of how nations interact with each other - and any bilateral consular agreements." A deeper dive into the citizenship issue of #GuiMinhai, and what Chinese law has to  …
I fear we are heading deliberately to a hard Brexit & a race to the bottom on standards & protections. No so much Singapore on Thames as China's workshop off the coast of Europe. The stark reality is that Brexit makes no sense whatsoever except for its disaster capitalist backers
A  of the timelines of the number of new cases in China and Italy. Thankfully, Italy began social distancing 3 days before China (considering the timelines with the offset shown below). Important to begin early as the effects of social distancing have a 3-7d lag. 
1-meter radar image of stockpiles in the port of Bayuquan, #China, taken with an ICEYE #SAR satellite. Learn how ICEYE's #ironore stockpile imagery and measurements are used in MetalSignals™ SAR, a platform recently launched by @RSMetrics  
#Foodgates is proud to  #LimousinPromotion in exporting the #LabelRouge Limousin beef and pork to China! 1,000 tons of meat are already destined to export.  …
China uses dairy factory to show it's getting back to work. 
Trump’s last “hoax” out of China was climate change  …
My point is she is not in India or China, by far the biggest emitters of C02. If the real purpose of her resitance is CO2, why is she not focussing on them. Ergo, her (handlers') purpose is not really CO2
I CANT WITH THEM they literally banned her from china and now they want her coins I-
Weaning China off Soviet Union by mediation. US-China relations were facilitated by Pakistan in 1970s. We have always been used by US and its allies for packet of peanuts. We didn’t secure anything in trade for doing this stuff. Kissinger called us fool for not taking advantage.
CORONAVIRUS LATEST: - Unexplained cases on U.S. West Coast - China factory output at record low - South Korea cases soar - China may have emergency vaccine in April 
The coronavirus impact in February in China was worse-than-expected: manufacturing gauge (PMI) plunged to a record low, below the 2008-09 levels, and so did the gauge of services sector activity | #OOTT #oil 
An article by President Xi Jinping on improving law-based epidemic prevention and control, and the national public health emergency management system will be published Sunday on the Qiushi Journal, a flagship magazine of the Communist Party of China Central Committee. 
Check out these miniature "tanks" in N China's Shanxi. Rather than fighting the epidemic, they are helping to clean it up! 
Chinese economy ground to a halt due to extensive #coronavirus lockdown throughout China. But that’s just created a lot of pent up demand once the flu season is over. 1st quarter number is going to look horrible but recovery is just around the corner.  …
Stop funding China and start boycotting products made in China. You never know if your cheap Chinese products are made by forced labour in China. #StandUp4HumanRights 
#CGTNFirstVoice China needs to help the world fight against COVID-19  …
6. She’s absolutely crazy, what emotional intelligence can do such a thing? Yea forever stay in Korea. 7. Laugh out loud, don’t say about China. Did she even donate to Taiwan? 
Chinese Netizens React To Tzuyu’s Donation. 1. Did she donated to Taiwan? 2. She donated to Korea but not Taiwan & China 3. Did she donated to China? 4. How to praise her? Did she even donated to China? 5. Isn’t she Chinese? Why don’t donate to China? 
Bye bye handshakes, hello footshakes. Greetings go ground level in China. #coronavirus #china 
AUSTRALIA has *the-highest-electricity-prices-in-the-world*. YET we sit on the largest amount of natural, organic, high quality, real-energy sources in the world...that we ship to China , so they can make us windmills and mirrors that send us broke. LET that sink in.  
During 2019, #Tanzania import bill amounted to USD 10,984.8 million, 27% of which from China. With the collapse of Chinese manufacturing due to #COVID2019 #Coronavid19 Tanzania should assess 1) impact on tax revenues 2) sources of capital goods. It is beyond health- ECONOMY
#COVID19 test in #China is less than $17 for government procurement, public hospital charges $6 , third party service provider can charge no more than $23 . Medicare covers all, patient pays $0 ,and #US must pay $1,400 for test, or $3,270 if he has "pre-existing 
Coronavirus latest: - Confirmed cases globally pass 84,000 - There are signs the virus is spreading on the U.S. West Coast - China's factory activity fell to the weakest level on record - U.S. equities suffered their worst week since the financial crisis 
Very #ProudToBeWHO on this @WHO-China Joint Missiom Team Humbled by work of Chinese scientists, public health professionals, frontline workers and the public. #EvidenceBased #containment #prevention #Control #COVID2019  …
#irancorona all of this, why? The regime hid the initial cases since: 1) it was just before election and needed high turnout 2) due to political need, did not stop flights to china 3) source seems to becleric students from china arrived in Qom 4) did not close religious shrines
UK gave £8m flood aid to India & China so why do deluge-hit Brits get no help?  …
China PMIs came at lowest level in decades. Even below 2008 level. Manufacturing PMI fell to 35.7 in February, vs previous 50, estimates of 46. More important: Non-manufacturing PMI collapsed to all-time low 29.6 vs previous 54.1. Shows the extent of the economic shutdown
 on @ExtinctionR @GretaThunberg - what are the dates for your protests in China & India or at least outside their embassies? (PS not their embassies in the UK - we've all had enough of you!)  …
#China Manufacturing #PMI fell to 35.7 in February, lowest on 
China: “everyone is a gangsters until u got Corona virus” Indo : “everyone is a gangsters ” 
A post-90s nurse, Wang Hong, records her typical day at a gymnasium-converted temporary hospital in central China's Wuhan 
Days with topmost arrests, with numbers of arrests: Nov 18: #SiegeOfPolyu, 1071 Jan 1: New Year's Rally, banned, 351 Oct 1: Protests on #China's national day, 299 Nov 11: #SiegeofCUHK, 296 Nov 2: Election rally, banned, 262 Nov 19: #SiegeOfPolyu, 216 Nov 13: #SiegeofCUHK, 211
China is an enemy of the United States  …
Most of the UAE's 13 coronavirus cases trace back to China. Yet 'the UAE has projected the Chinese flag on the world’s tallest building and ensured long-haul flights by local carriers....continue to Beijing even as other airlines stopped flying to mainland China.'  …
No worries re eating in China Town!  …
Harper’s Bazaar China 
China has rolled out perhaps the most ambitious, agile, and aggressive disease containment effort in the history, #WHO- #China joint #COVID19 report hailed.  
China and WHO collude to risk human lives of the world. They covered up information and even lied that China isn’t the root of #WuhanCoronavirus to escape from 
China hasn’t learned its lesson, no? This is the exact stupidity that made this crisis much much worst. Authoritarian regimes should  to an end.  …
A video showing China disinfecting entire cities. I hope Nigeria government can emulate this! #coronavirusinlagos 
@cjwerleman 's letter to @EUparliament : "It's Time for Europe to Take Action Over China's Persecuted Muslim Uyghurs". Please read & share @SAdamsR2P @KenRoth @TiranaHassan @KingYusufYusuff @abdisalamisma1 @PrevGenocide @billow_jr @BylineTimes 
In 2018, the CDC stopped funding epidemic prevention activities in 39 of 49 countries, including China, after the Trump administration refused to reallocate money to a program that began as part of the government's response to the Ebola outbreak in 2014 
Canada, Brazil and China  with a #1 too
Leaked Docs Reveal Covid-19 Infections Up To 52 Times Higher Than 'Official' Figures In China's Shandong Province 
Iran can't be trusted to deal with the coronavirus. @bopinion's @Ghoshworld explains why Iran's outbreak may  worse than China's  via 
Cardinal Re writes to College of Cardinals, of which he is now Dean, harshly criticising Cardinal Zen and claiming Benedict XVI had approved the draft of the controversial 2018 Sino-Vatican Agreement on the appointment of bishops in China  … via @lanuovaBQ
Our @FT splash published just now: "Things are really bad, and the government is willing to report that." In addition to terrible manufacturing data, China's overall economy is running at 20% capacity and only 1/2 of workers are back says  …
China built a 1000 bed hospital in 10 days for Coronavirus patients. Nigeria could not make a 100 bed make shift isolation space free of mosquitos and heat in a month.
So a man that didn’t believe in a woman being a solider that has his mind changed by how strong she is BY HELPING HIM SAVING CHINA and FALLS IN LOVE WITH HER BECAUSE OF HER STRONG WILL AND BRAVENESS, is sexist? Ahhh but Disney allows the reylo fans have cannon abusive... the Fu 
China manufacturing index hits record low on coronavirus 
GitHub has  China's unblocked version of the Internet Archive  …
OUCH! #China posts weakest factory activity on record, highlighting the devastating impact of the coronavirus on the economy and raising the risk of a worsening global stock rout. Non-manufacturing gauge hit new low at crazy 29.6.  
China's factory activity posts record contraction as coronavirus bites  
Since the virus can remain on surfaces, it's better to always disinfect. using sprayers deployed in trucks, handheld, drones etc. China is disinfecting entire cities. South China Morning Post #coronavirus 
#COVID19 management in China. Staff requires to scan QR code to get certificate to enter building, temperature monitored, line up to get a new mask,...การจัดการที่จีนดีมาก น่าชื่นชมและอิจฉา หันมามองปท.ตัวเอง #เฮ้อ #โคโรน่าไวรัส #COVID2019 
Thread : 14% of recovered #coronavirus patients discharged from hospitals in China have later tested positive for the virus again with “the mechanism behind the virus' apparent ability to re-infect” OR it is current testing inaccurate?  …
I get that things aren't good for AirAsia rn, but I do feel that this is socially irresponsible. Malaysians, please don't fly to South Korea, China, or Japan for now. It ain't worth it. 
Not good for #Angola and #Nigeria. China's imports of West African #oil are set to slump next month, according to energy traders. China's the biggest buyer of the region's crude.  …
Actually, it's over 30,000 recoveries in China alone. I wish journalists would also spread news about recoveries also, to help reduce the panic. Most people suffer from misinformation that stems from panic rather than from the actual virus itself. Caution not Panic  …
Pakistan’ strategic policy makers under Gen Bajwa transformed West & South Asia’s geo-politics into a new era of stability w/ Taliban deal; preempted Vietnam 2 moment 4 #US, repeated China bridge parallel w/ Taliban reconciliation; incapacitated #India’ 2 decade long spoiler role
To Dears in China especially Wuhan, JIA YOU 加油 ! We're with you! We don't forget or leave you! Stay strong, protect yourself every time Keep fighting! #weareone #dearsunited #praying4CNdears #China #beatthecovid19 #加油 
When countering the #COVID19 epidemic, the Chinese system has flaws, but has also proven advantages. How about putting aside differences just for once? Bicker later! What's more important than saving lives now? @thepointwithlx #China 
1/3 of the world’s new vegetation is in India and China,  … China and India are “leading the world” in “greening” the landscape, a study finds 
What Hong Kong wants is the Universal Suffrage . We plead US to revoke HK's special status as separate customs territory from China if it's not granted to Hong Kong ppl in the  elections. Please enforce #HKHRDA to push ahead #UniversalSuffrage2020  …
Coronavirus: Rescuing China's animals during the outbreak  … @BBCNews #COVID2019 #China 
#Covid19 cases outside of China Feb 21 Confirmed: 1200 Countries: 26 Deaths:8 New cases Feb. 21: 127 Feb 28 Confirmed cases: 4691 Countries impacted: 51 Deaths:67 New cases Feb 28: 1027 Source: WHO #COVID2019 #COVID19US #OVID19 #CoronaVirusUpdates #CoronavirusOutbreak
It's a well known fact China would do anything to get Trump out of the White House. They want a globalist puppet who would sign trade deals that are bad for the US and good for China.
Interesting that with hundreds of cases in Iran and highest deaths outside China, its neighbour Pakistan just reported 2 confirmed cases of #coronavirus. There have been people many people in the country reporting more then it adding fuel to the debate. Is something being hidden?
China puts 245 COVID-19 patients on plasma therapy, yielding positive results.（xinhua）
China Dears, We think a lot about you and you have our support. We send you much courage and force. We are wholeheartedly with you. We love you Love from France #weareone #dearsunited #praying4CNdears #迪玛希2020欧洲巡演 #DimashKudaibergen 
The online reactions in China to the #SunYang ban aren’t all supportive of him. Some nuanced takes circulating. This one (中文) suggests such enthusiastic support in China may have led him to believe the international rules & processes didn’t apply to him  …
DQGREECE stands with chinese dears @dimash_official @Dimash_FanClub #weareone #dearsunited #praying4CNdears #China 
To Dears in China especially Wuhan, JIAYOU!! We're with you!! Dears is a strong family unit. When one family member is missing, it affects us all. Stay strong and protect yourselves. Keep fighting! 我們支持中國Dears #dimash #dearsunited 
@aamir_khan dear have you heard about Delhi muslim killings yet?
Bloomberg refuses to call China’s Xi a dictator — saying the Chinese people “don’t seem to want” a democracy Is Bloom on crack? These ppl don’t seem to enjoy being herded,brutalized by Xi’s regime b/c they might be ill Prob locked away, forgotten  …
Learn how drones are used in spring farming, which is underway in E China amid coronavirus epidemic.  
Turning on the kitsch: doctors star in China’s coronavirus state propaganda  … #China #coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #Covid19 @cnmediaproject
Nomura's Ting Lu makes an astute point: Delivery times lengthened in Feb because of China's lockdown. But its official PMI treats that as a *good* thing (because it's usually a sign things are busy). Hold that bit constant, and the PMI would have been even worse: 33 not 35.7
Very informative thread on China’s coronavirus experience, summarizing this @who report  … ht  …
#CoronaVirus has killed huge numbers of people in dozens of countries like China, France, Iran, Japan etc @MinofHealthUG & @WHO advises you plus others from being infected by the virus by 𝐖𝐚𝐬𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐲𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐡𝐚𝐧𝐝𝐬 after & before the activities below 
A few countries including China & Iran have been disinfecting their entire cities. Maybe it’s something Lagos state should be considering if... #CoronaVirusinLagos  …
Global Status of Corona Virus. China’s ability to cure 39000 infected people  South Korea, Iran & Italy are most threatening, which means Pakistan & Europe are standing next to fire. 
Japan and Pakistan have closed schools nationally. Hokkaido residents under "house arrest". Saudi Arabia cancelled Mecca pilgrimages. Disney Park's closed in China, HK & Japan. "The Amazing Race" is halted. Amazon banned travel. This is no  …
Daily Updates of COVID-19 in China. 79251 confirmed, (existing 37414 + recovered + deaths), 1418 suspected, 2835 deaths, 39002 recovered, 658587 traced, 58233 observed. 4 new confirmed outside Hubei. 426 new confirmed in Hubei. (figures in Charts are recent one week) 
Keep this in mind. China is the worlds largest rice consumer importing 5 million tons. Inflation is rising in China and while most  have been flat to down, check out the price of rice. It just hit a 5 year high... 
Presidents of #Cuba and #China speak by phone about the current situation #COVID2019 and other issues of the bilateral agenda. #CubaChina60 #CubaWithChina @CubaMINREX @PresidenciaCuba  … via @wordpressdotcom
China delivers first batch of medical supplies to #Iran: Five thousand test kits have been delivered, along with 250,000 masks. And four disease control experts from China have been sent to Iran to help. #COVID19 
On Leap Day 1944 #submarine USS #TROUT SS202 apparently attacked a #Japanese convoy in the East China Sea but was in turn attacked and sunk with all 81 hands, still on #EternalPatrol. Photos show her in March 42 evacuating gold and silver from the Philippines and in Dec 
All previous criticism of China's president's handling of the COVID-19 handling has just been dwarfed. #trump 
The Fed is putting money into the banking system to help the economy. China is doing the same and making cheap loans available to businesses damaged by the virus impact. The ECB is doing QE. When is the Bank of England going to wake up to the need to respond to the virus shock?
This week I wrote about China's attempts to use digital contact tracing to keep the covid19 infection curve tamped down while simultaneously restarting its economy. It's messy, not the joined-up hypersurveillance regime the West often imagines  …
China‘s PMI much better than I expected. I thought it would be much worse - below 28; smoothly in line with Dow Transportation correction. 
#Iran and #China FMs discussed joint efforts to contain #COVID19 through sending aid, specialists and conducting scientific research. FM @JZarif called the epidemic a global challenge which should be dealt with cooperation among all nations without politicizing the 
Fascinating intvw w/ Ebola co-discover. On coronavirus: “I think this is serious in the sense that we can’t afford not to consider it as a serious threat.” Also his praise of WHO head and detail about a conversation w/ Wen Jiabao about China’s HIV crisis  
No reported coronavirus infections in Myanmar and Laos, which border China, as well as Brunei, East Timor, and Indonesia. Barely any in Cambodia and low numbers Thailand. What's going on? Top notch reporting from  …
it's no longer a testimony when you go to China 
” But they note travel restrictions on China (imposed by @realDonaldTrump over the objections of some critics) “may have helped slow the spread of the virus.” New England Journal of Medicine: Coronavirus Could Be No Worse than Flu  via @BreitbartNews
As the coronavirus spreads around the world, International health authorities are hoping countries can learn a few lessons from China _ namely, that quarantines can be effective and acting fast is crucial. 
Li Zehua, a journalist who recently resigned from his job as a news anchor at China’s state-run CCTV to report as a citizen reporter on the front lines of the epidemic in Wuhan, was apparently detained by state security. 
Iran battles deadly #coronavirus by disinfecting city streets as country’s death toll  highest outside #China at 34  
“What it means is China could basically detain anyone and say they have renounced their citizenship and  Chinese,” Dahlin said. “They can deny consular access simply by having the person denounce their citizenship and be given Chinese citizenship.”  …
What's this? Oh, just the governor of a big Italian region saying that the coronavirus was only dangerous in China because the Chinese have terrible hygiene. Venetians, by contrast, are too clean and cultured for the virus to pose a real danger to them.  …
The right is on display at the Metropolitan Museum. It's the most exquisitely carved mortuary stone for a Sogdian immigrant in China. 
For the #coronavirus patients in critical condition, there is hope as long as you are alive and the #COVID19 cure rate in #China has surpassed #Japan, the #US, and #Singapore: top Chinese medical 
After a month + of quarantine in China, I'm home in the UK & in2 another session of self imposed quarantine until we feel it safe enough 4 me 2 interact with family. After arriving, I spoke to my sister through the kitchen window... XRP please give me something to smile about. 
If China can make its own search Engines and other stuff, why Cannot Indian IT experts create an alternative to Twitter?
"The new coronavirus may have circulated in northern Italy for weeks before it was detected… a strain of the virus from an Italian patient, which showed genetic  with the original strain isolated in China."  …
China is not playing they are more serious than ever. Let our government also take this one case very serious . Have they been able to track the passengers on the flight? #covic19 
China’s  PMI falls off a cliff 
Chap on crowded tram talking to friend sitting opposite says in loud voice “I’ve got a yeast infection. Yeah apparently it’s  when you’ve just been in China” Timing buddy! It’s alll about timing.
China is disinfecting entire cities. A move I'd like the Nigerian Government to adopt! #coronavirusinlagos 
I never thought our death would also be made in China ..
Man, all you American op-ed writers who wrote about how the virus only got bad in China because "authoritarian gov controlled flow of info" need to write an apology column now. 
You will soon find out that (should / when it happens) almost every farm that gets EWC, will magically have a... Chinese owner. Yes they are classified as Black BBBEE for a reason. 1. To honour ANC debts to China 2. To gain control of the food & minerals 3. Mineral rights
As COVID-19 continues to spread in #Japan, many overseas Chinese there have  out on the streets to distribute masks to the local people, expressing gratitude to Japanese people for their selfless help to China during #COVID19 outbreak  
BREAKING: China's factory activity suffers biggest fall on record
China says it will announce the results from clinical trials of an experimental #coronavirus drug in late 
Mr Qi Xiao Li, 35, who travelled from China’s Anhui Province, had struck a deal with a colleague who lives in the estate to help him stay in isolation for 14 days as ordered by Kenya’s Health ministry and the Chinese embassy in Nairobi. 
When Zoroastrian priests, either human or mythical, hold a ritual at the fire altar, they wear a face mask called padam to keep the sacred fire from being polluted by their breath & spit. Here’re two of the earliest representations of such masks, both from China around 6th-7th c. 
A fact. China always been a mix country. To elaborate, throughout the history, China always lives different ethnic groups. A famous one, Tang Dynasty(from 618-907AD). The emperor of Tang was mixed with Han and Xianbei.
This looks real. #China  …
Major media have been covering the COVID-19 coronavirus since January, when a widespread outbreak began in Wuhan, China, before spreading globally. 
In any fundamental groupthink/cult/government apparatus the primary directive is to be on the same page with large scale responses. Take China for instance. Or Saudi Arabia. No deviance tip to toe. But Coronavirus feedback by MAGAland?  shitshow.
Fear Mongering Leftist Listen Up Travel restrictions on China imposed by POTUS helped curb spread of Virus Dems called this racist. I#AmericaFirst Virus looks 2B much less severe than other recent outbreaks  …
For all the US denunciation of #China since #coronavirus, false accusation of "rounding ppl up". No, they were correct in their medical, organized approach. In U.S., the foot dragging by Trump & #CDC; #Pence! in charge, no natl plan nor healthcare, potential disaster mounting.
The #coronavirus outbreak in China is preventing clothing manufacturer Ugly Duck Industry from resuming its normal production of winter coats, so it has pivoted to another in-demand product: hazmat suits  
Non vedo dove ⁦ @zaiapresidente⁩ abbia sbagliato: Rats are eaten regularly in Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, parts of the Philippines and Indonesia, Thailand, Ghana, China and Vietnam- BBC Future #LucaZaia  …
Nigerian pastor: I want to go and destroy Coronavirus in China Coronavirus: am already in Nigeria, use me as point of contact to destroy  in China
On the potentially positive side (if the official figures are instructive at least in trend terms). Today, for the first time, the number of “recovered” cases is higher than the number of active #coronavirus infections in #China. Active infections 37,432; recovered 39,118.
“China’s non-manufacturing PMI – a gauge of sentiment in services & construction sectors – also dropped, to 29.6 from 54.1 in Jan. This was also the lowest on record, below the previous low of 49.7 in Nov 2011.” If this is kitchen sink, do stocks rebound?  …
If you got solace that the worst is over by the pullback on the DOW & SGX Nifty in last 30mins last night, this news has hit us today morning. China Manufacturing PMI at 35.7. In 2008 this made a low of 38.8  
95% of our  from China. So you're telling me no one in the US has the money to build a factory, hire some workers and make a damn bottle of pills? Cmon man. Can we not make some shit in the USA.
Whenever she sucks me is the only time I visit China . 
China and the W.H.O. concealed and lied about the Corona Virus in early December 2019. Now the medical professionals agree with President Trump that banning travel to China was the right thing to do, and put us ahead of the spread of the virus here in America. Trump cares.  …
Today new official #China #coronavirus cases: definitely infected 427 (of which 423 are in #Hubei Province); dead 47 (of which 45 are in #Hubei). That means an official addition of only 4 extra infections and only 2 more deaths in the rest of China in one day.
High Court suspended flights from China for 10 days because of the coronavirus. The court also ordered all passengers, who arrived in Nairobi on a Chinese plane Wednesday morning, be quarantined at a military facility.  #CoronavirusKe
China shows how India can cut pollution faster Ghaziabad is world's most polluted city, Delhi is world's most polluted capital. Chinese cities, on the other hand, have seen pollution levels drop significantly. What is China doing right? Read:  
Just in: After China, India planning evacaution of its citizens from Iran over #WuhanCoronavirus  …
People are returning to work in China's capital as infections outside of Hubei continue to drop. We've interviewed people from factories, Internet, finance, real estate, supermarket and courier service in Beijing and see how these sectors are recovering from the #COVID19 
Listen, you Trump ass licking NRA lackey dickdrip. A moron is in charge of the public's health. He views an imminent epidemic as a threat to him, so he's telling people it's a hoax instead of informing them It's not partisan. It's NEGLIGENCE. So go to hell. Or at least China.  …
These people are part of Muslim Brainwashing Module. ◆Communists use Muslims for revolution agenda ◆Muslims use them for waging Jihad. Once both wins: ◆If Muslims takes over, then culls Communists. Example- Iran. ◆If Communists take over, they purge Muslims. Example- China.  …
@gop @SecPompeo and @potus should go to China and hold the conference there. Then they can prove it’s all a Dem Hoax once and for all! C’mon GOP - Go to China!!
As Korean, I'm proud of what my country capable of! This disease came from China and affected us, but we're not locking up cities and run away from this crisis or meesing with numbers. We're fighting bravely!! I know we can win!
What is going to happen to China's real estate market?  …
Just like happened in China and Iran, our political leadership is going to make the situation dramatically worse because they fear the reputational and economic damage of reacting to an invisible epidemic. And by the time they respond appropriately, it will be everywhere
NEW: A Department of Homeland Security employee who returned from travel to China was told by her supervisor to report to work in Newark in early February in apparent violation of a mandatory 14-day coronavirus quarantine period.  …
More foreign intervention into the USA. No, not Russia or China. Surprise - Australia. A radical climate cultist organisation based in Australia is attacking and discrediting prominent American scientists to the point of them being terminated by their universities and silenced.  …
So Chairman Balding is saying #coronavirus spark can start many infernos in China.  …
I would have sneezed on him and told him that I may have it as I was flying back from China.
U.S. moves high-level U.S. meeting on China tech, possible new Huawei curbs to March: sources  
Latest on #COVID19 - Mongolia’s President is now undergoing a 14-day quarantine following his visit to #China. There are so far no case yet in Mongolia. 
Urgent Action: Uyghur Academic Jailed for “Inciting Extremism” (China: UA 14.20)  …
No one wants a death certificate hanging on their neck. In serious democracies where leadership puts country & people first, a special session of parliament should have been convened by now to ship back to China the 239 Chinese. Thanks to #GireAli for exposing  …
It’d be a whole lot worse if @POTUS hadn’t shut down travel with China. You remember, the one that democrats were crying about.
this girl made a video all worried about getting coronavirus from a package that came from china and i 
Moscow will deport 88 foreign nationals for violating coronavirus quarantine measures. Daily raids are being conducted in crowded places and at the residences of Chinese citizens and those of others who flew in from China. 
The Coronavirus is popping up on the US west coast whilst Trump dismisses it as a "hoax". Can you imagine how China's government would be treat if they had said this?
China's latest mission to the Moon is the first from any country to touch down intact on the Moon's far side 
You’re absolutely out of your mind if you think the fear of death is stronger than my desire to pet every dog. (Petting a stray dog in china November 2019) 
Here is a picture of me petting a stray dog in china. November 2019. It was great. I’ll die as I lived. Petting every dog.  
I think our government should copy China's economic model of prioritizing funding on tech start ups. That R39 billion wasted on Steinhoff could have been used to finance 3 900  (R10 million each) Half a million jobs could've been created now.
Chinese Swifties needs help! The inaction and discriminatory treatment of UMG China have seriously affected Taylor Swift’s reputation and development in China. #TaylorSwift @taylornation13 @treepaine 
This thread looks at the findings of the @WHO #COVID19 joint mission to China: - Median age 51y (2d-100y, IQR 39-63y), majority 30-69y - 51.1% male - Bats appear to be reservoir, intermediate host unknown - Xmission droplet & fomite, airborne and faecal-oral not major drivers 
The situation in China is getting better and businesses are getting back to routine gradually. OLPORTAL supports the resilient people of China and looks forward to further collaboration with @CoinallU. Thanks to our  for their unflinching support. @hashgraph
Yes, China would decimate their own economy to stick it to the US.. what brilliant analysis!!!!!
1. What are "elements of medical?" 2. How is the border closer  flights flew in from China today?  …
Just chat with mom on what’s like in China RN, seems medical supply, establishment of diagnosis procedure is in a much better situation, here is how 1. If I back to China, will be requested to self quarantine, given a wireless body temp sensorinstall its app auto sync 24/7 
Now In Other News... China is reportedly gathering a 100,000-strong army of ducks which they will send to Pakistan to  a massive locust infection, according to the Associated Press, citing local media.  …
Bernie Sanders is a Democratic Socialist, by his own admission. There are 4 countries in the world that are Democratic Socialists: China (Communist Party) Cuba (Communist Party) Lao (Revolutionary Party) Vietnam (Communist Party) What is it that people don't get about this? 
Inspired by citizen journalists, a Chinese state TV news presenter traveled to Wuhan, the #coronavirus epicenter, to report on the truth. He has just been arrested. Any suggestion that China’s disease control is “exemplary” appears increasingly untenable.  …
A man evacuated from China in response to the coronavirus outbreak was forced to reimburse the State Department for travel and argue over a hospital bill. 
How soon dems forget how Chucky led the cry that Trump's early ban on flights to/from China was premature and against immigrants. Gee, I wonder why he deleted this tweet? LOL.  
If #UniversalSuffrage is not granted to the people of HK in the  elections, we plead the US to revoke HK's special status as a separate customs territory from China. Please enforce #HKHRDA to push ahead #UniversalSuffrage2020 
Trump presents a real and present danger to Americans. Minimizing the danger coronavirus could present is nothing short of criminal. See: 1918 Flu Pandemic That Killed 50 Million Originated in China, Historians Say  via @NatGeo
India's multilateral interests r now almost bare: 1. UNSC membership - not happening 2. NSG - not happening, China (+ we alrdy have wht we really needed) 3. WTO - Dying, shd be dead Despite gloom/doom, we r $3tn GDP + 2nd largest importer We can say "fornicate off" to most..
Also @narendramodi @AmitShah @myogiadityanath China is desperately short of pigs, since the animals there have died in large numbers due to disease. Why should India not  a pork exporter? The time of the Varaha Avatar!
Time for trump family to travel to China to prove the hoax
TDS in full display. I just reposted Schumer saying how racist DJT was for blocking China flights. @SenSchumer @SpeakerPelosi Dems continue their hatred for  …
1.2 million Tibetans have perished as a result of more than 70 years of occupation in Tibet as the world's governments stand by, virtually without action. China is guilty of an illegal military invasion in violation of international law. Help free #Tibet 
Consumption contributed 58 percent of China’s GDP growth in 2019, and should continue to increase its share over the next few years as GDP growth continues to drop, driven by an even faster decline in investment growth. But while Covid-19 has shifted a...  …
Situation of recovered #coronavirus patients being tested positive is not surprising, says medial expert. None of these patients in #China have infected others. 
China manufacturing index. Wow! 
Dear anti-vaxxers, Now is your chance to go to China and prove us all wrong.
I hope they'll propose a benchmarking trip to China as well to learn about Coronavirus  …
The coronavirus is coinciding with "significant decreases" in nitrogen dioxide over China, according to NASA, as authorities there continue to place more people under quarantines and some businesses remain closed amid the outbreak.  …
In phone call with Chinese President Xi Jinping #Cuba President @DiazCanelB conveyed #support and #solidarity to #China vs #coronavirus while offering our help, however modest, as expression of Cuban people #solidarity and special feelings that unite both countries. 
If the #coronavirus is a #hoax, then @realDonaldTrump should have no problem going to China to discuss trade relations.
City touch.... China... 
Even if covid-19 burns out soon, it has clarified how the world is growing warier of China 
#COVID2019 China PMI this morning was a horror show. Manufacturing in February had the worst month on record, worse even than during the global financial crisis.
Oregon has 1st coronavirus case: elementary school employee (from @AP) Where are people getting this virus from if they have not been in contact with anyone from China?  …
Chinese, Cuban presidents discuss #COVID19 epidemic, bilateral ties over phone. China is willing to continue exchanges and cooperation with Cuba in the fields of medicine and epidemic prevention and control, Xi says  
I’ve lost faith in the  of the top two world economic power after first experienced breakout in China and now the same pitfall here in US after seeing cases below Plan to head back to Singapore next week maybe ... The world is getting deranged 
The Euphoria fanchant  …
Beautiful spring cherry blossoms at the Chenshan Botanical Garden in Shanghai, China 
DHS employee went to work in Newark after China travel, in violation of coronavirus quarantine period  …
Movies in America : Avatar , Star Wars , The God Father Movies in China : Drunken Master , Yellow Earth , The Warlords Meanwhile Types of Movies in India : Thappad
Yes, I agree...also and I believe China launched this in agreement with globalist leaders to silence their own people...I.e. protest and failing economy.
#COVID19 HAS SPREAD TO 60 COUNTRIES/TERRITORIES While the rate of new cases in China declined in the past days, the  saw a rapid rise of cases, especially in the Middle East and Europe. 
LIAR. I'm tired of lies. We are doing lots. Paris, Kyoto, $B on Renewables, Parks etc etc. More than most countries even though same "Scientists" say it won't change anything. We have 21 Coal Stations. Rest of world 1600 w 600 being built. If it's that serious go speak with China  …
Hong Kong’s brainwave to revive a battered economy? A cash hand-out just before the legislative elections  … #HongKong #China
We don't know how many people will die from #COVID2019, but we can already forecast its impact on #geopolitics: Similar to the #BlackDeath's effect on the Mongol empire. I explain how the virus relates to #China's #BeltandRoad in  …
China's factory activity posts record contraction as coronavirus bites  
What can we learn from #coronavirus • Don't depend on China for trade, tourism,  supply • Pandemics are inevitable • Businesses need to be more prepared for unforseen circumstances and significant risk • Maintain (/start) adequate hygiene when traveling • Don't panic
Dear @narendramodi Ji, please send all Indian Evangelists performing miracles to China to help Chinese suffering from #coronavirus #NoConversion 
China is making too much steel that nobody wants right now  
That looks strange, is it tasty? A camera set up at Yanchiwan Nature Reserve in NW China’s Gansu Province captured three snow leopards passing by. One of the big cats nibbled the camera out of curiosity. 
China has so far sent over 30,000 medical workers to Wuhan. More than 10,000 are ICU medics, accounting for 10 percent of the entire country's critical care specialists. CGTN's @Bossebosse84 follows one of them from the last defense line for critically ill patients. 
DUTERTE: 'If PH can't be self-reliant, choose: Be a US Territory, or China's province.' But why 2 choices ONLY? Either we choose to be "spokening" dollar, or "chinesing" Wuhan virus? SO, BASICALLY, ACCDG. TO PYSCHO RODRIGO: 'Choose any province/territory, except our country.' 
With covering up of news , corruption with WHO and suppression on freedom of speech. China lets coronavirus threaten the safety the whole world! 
Why does everyone think we closed borders? Our airlines stopped flying to China. Theirs  in. Look at the flights today to LAX alone. The borders should be closed but the stock market is far more important.  …
As the coronavirus intensifies, we are now finding that many of the medical supplies we need are made in China. Clinton, Bush Jr., & Obama: "Outsourcing our manufacturing base to a  country seemed like a good idea at the time."
China expert @GordonGChang on Zooming In #CPAC2020 Day 2. As #coronavirus spreads around the world, China's trade partners are not able to buy #Chinese products as they did. We're going to see a much more obvious effect on the #Chinese economy than we did in 
A month ago I stated that the problems of China’s coronavirus response could not be pinned on the Communist system—as much as I hate it—because the troubles they have had  to all governments of men. Well  …
Hey ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ if you really think the coronavirus is a #Hoax then, please go to China travel around. Stop telling lies! Trump Calls Coronavirus Reporting A Hoax And Blames CNN  …
Activity in China’s manufacturing sector contracted sharply in February, with the official gauge hitting the lowest level on record.  …
When countries release coronavirus updates: - Italy: 12 p.m. ET - China: 7 p.m. ET - South Korea: 8 p.m. ET - Mexico: 10 p.m. ET - South Korea: 3 a.m. ET - Iran: Around 3-6 a.m. ET
The #ButterflyEffect of an integrated #GlobalEconomy ... #China gets a virus and soon, the whole world catches a cold! It’s the same with regard to #ClimateChange & #GlobalWarming No borders, no differences, just the one life-bearing planet 
Mainland #China excluding Hubei province reported 4 new cases of #coronavirus on Friday, the lowest since the the authority  the data in  …
People were quarantined before they could leave a cruise ship that had been in the vicinity of the affected area in China. People on flights have been screened. This has greatly mitigated the spread of the virus.
University of Tennessee professor arrested for hiding connections with China  …
How did the Deep State, the Dems, and the media manage to start the Coronavirus in China and have it spread around the world? The people who died could tell you it's not a hoax, but they're dead. Stop trying to politicize this!  
Latest developments of the #CoronavirusOutbreak : - California has 2 cases of unknown origin - South Korea infections surpass 2,900 - China factory activity at record low - Japan to subsidize leave for parents More @business :  
I definitely understand being frustrated that a cosplay from China you ordered months ago hasn’t shipped bc of the virus, but I’m so sick of seeing  that they need to buy something and can’t bc “how dare  and post offices be closed” Have 
The Australian Govt urgently needs to upgrade its @dfat travel warning for South Korea to ‘DO NOT TRAVEL’. The spread of the #coronavirus there is now well beyond the levels present in China when China travel restrictions were first imposed #auspol #aushealth #COVID2019
We now have the first full-month economic data from China since the coronavirus. And the numbers aren't good—manufacturing activity is far worse than even many of the glummest expectations, and the lowest in history. @QiLiyan 
Official gauges of China's factory and nonfactory activity plunged to all-time lows in February as the nation's economy struggled with the coronavirus epidemic 
Chinese, Chilean presidents discuss #COVID-19 epidemic, bilateral ties over phone. The governments and people of many countries, including Chile, have offered China strong support in various ways, for which China is sincerely grateful, Xi says  
My own personal indicator of economic activity: pollution outside my window. The grey cloud is back! Hope this is a forward-looking sign production in #China is resuming on a wider scale. Now, back to what’s  my usual weekend routine-disinfecting the house! 
School employee, had not been to China, contracted covid-19 over a week ago, may have exposed others at school  …
Oregon health officials said they had identified a school employee in the Portland area who appears to have contracted the coronavirus more than a week ago. The patient, who had not recently traveled to China, has had symptoms since Feb. 19.  …
China, Japan pledge cooperation in fighting #COVID-19 outbreak in 8th high-level political dialogue  
This right here is shocking! The idea that America relies on China for the majority of ingredients that goes into our medicine is mind blowing. How do you allow the enemy to control the medication that goes into our bodies 
DHS employee went to work in Newark after China travel, in violation of coronavirus quarantine period - The Washington Post  …
a disabled person is cancelling all of china 
Last nights 
Xinjiang(China), Afghanistan and Swat Valley uptil Taxila (in Pakistan Punjab) were once thriving with Buddhists. Bamiyan Buddha were once covered in gold/Jewels. Who killed & destroyed Non-Violent Buddhists in these area's from 7th CE onwards? Why there are no Buddhists now?
Jungler @loltyler1 is Masters less than a month playing the role EU is done China is over Korea is finished NA has reached the golden era
Patriotic hashtags. Fawning books about Xi Jinping. Scathing editorials attacking the U.S. How China is spinning the coronavirus crisis to distract from early blunders and crown itself the global leader in the fight against the epidemic 
Funny how Schmucky Schumer deleted this tweet when he realized @realDonaldTrump was right to impose a travel ban to and from Wuhan China and other hard hit areas. #Coronavid19 #VoteDemsOut  
In little more than a decade, China has made itself a world leader in electric vehicles, renewable energy, and energy storage.  considers how Washington’s policy of economic decoupling will affect China’s green industry: 
"China has unleashed 60 Ghz throughout the country with WUHAN as the PILOT CITY.  to symptoms 'showing' as  vs what happens when one is hit with 60GHz waves and it's impact on the uptake of oxygen via hemoglobin." #coronavirusus
I have an image of trump voters traveling to China and just licking things.  …
There are other reasons to go to Vietnam as well such as cheap labor, no trade-war w/ the US, cheap electricity, still close to China but less risks. Note only so much u can do w/ the Vietnam story as small. That said, will benefit when this blows over.  …
I think trump, pence, Graham and McConnell need to visit China to prove it’s a hoax’s
Trump Accuses Dems of POLITICIZING Coronavirus Starts in China, Bleeds... Into Various Countries... Doesn’t Spread Widely In U.S. Because of Early Actions By Admin But Dems Are Still Claiming “It’s Donald Trump’s Fault”  …
The record low China PMI data just in suggest that our East Asian Institute Commentary is in the ballpark. We project a hit to China's Quarter 1 2020 GDP growth of minus 2.0 to minus 6.5. [h/t to @RobBar88 for correction]  
It’s not President Trump’s fault that the Chinese love themselves some bat soup. He’s been harder on China than anyone. Remember, it was the Do Nothing Dems that ripped him for his travel ban on China. 
