Ung Chinese sa elevator na napunta sa bus then nag jollibee sa rizal. This contagion could have been contained had we decided to close our borders for the Chinese! As of March 10, flights from China are still arriving in this f*cking country
Agree 100%. Worse, *exactly* like movies where time travelers tell people how to ward off disaster. And no one believes them. Until it happens. Then they think you have magic powers. I was in China in January. Get out of the bars tonight Churches, livestream services tomorrow  …
FINAL THOUGHTS (cont'd): The rest of the world apart from Italy, China and Korea is just now beginning to reach other stages, so let me tell you this: You have no idea  to get you. I know because 2 weeks ago I was the one who had no idea and though it wasn't bad.
President Trump, Remember Dr Lee from China who Tried to Warn the World about the virus being made in Chinese Lab? He put out info a few months ago and nobody paid attention! He is dead now! Look up story on American Thinker! IMPORTANT!
A "journalist" from a channel that is controlled  China tried  into the White House today with a fever. It’s entirely fair to wonder what the hell is going on here and for agents to ask some serious questions.  …
Grocery stores will never be shut down no matter how bad it gets. Even China didn't shut down their grocery stores. So stop panic buying.
CNN’s Jim Acosta Calls Trump Racist For Pointing Out Origin of Coronavirus – Just Weeks After He Did the Same Thing The Wuhan Coronavirus  from China, just ask Acosta he tweeted it ( SEE BELOW) ! So it must be true! You guess it – racist!  
An excellent example of propaganda. Iraq is being raped on a daily base by Iran, and China put in camps over a million people, these facts better to be not mentioned. The recent US strikes were against Iranian militias who are also against all Iraqis protesting in Baghdad.  …
This person prefers government run healthcare like they have in China & Italy  …
China is disinfecting their streets twice daily. We have no idea what is about to happen. We can't even get people to wash their own legs.
Not creepy at all. Let's keep celebrating China's fantastic response to COVID-19.
#COVID19 — Coronavirus World Update China 80,824 (+11) Italy 21,157 (+3,497) Iran 12,729 (+1,365) S. Korea 8,086 (+107) Spain 6,391 (+1,159) Germany 4,585 (+910) France 4,499 (+838) USA 2,847 (+1,132) Switzerland 1,359 (+220) Norway 1,108 (+112)
One of the best yungthreads, in which he demonstrates that China fulfills Lenin's definition of Imperialism Moreover, ICE must be destroyed  …
I'm not sure why people keep saying China hid coronavirus for weeks This is a December 31 Reuters article edited by @mgerrydoyle (a China critic) that discusses investigation by Wuhan On Jan 3  family members who were scared Who knew? Many  …
.. I’m thinking the NBA should finish their season out in china... right LJ?
Huh. Almost like China is a DICTATORSHIP.  …
The coronavirus outbreak is turning one luxury treat — lobsters — into a more affordable meal. U.S. prices plummeted after top buyer China halted shipments 
This incredible, dystopian photo is via @GettyImages… "ALTAY, CHINA - FEBRUARY 19, 2020 - Border police and border guards rode over the snow mountain to inspect the border area. Altay, Xinjiang, China, February 19, 2020.- By Costfoto / Barcroft Media"  …
You won’t see this on @BBCNews or @SkyNews - Cuba and China using retrovirals to fight #COVIDー19 . It’s not just about waiting for a vaccine and culling hundreds of thousands of people for herd  …
Before Trump screwed everything up -leading conservatives to start yipping "Chinese Virus" that is scientifically meaningless, epidemiologicly ignorant and blows up assistance China giving others - Trump tweeted kisses to say how great China did. We knew their screwups then. 
#COVIDー19 20 countries with the most ACTIVE cases Italy China Iran S. Korea Spain Germany France USA Switzerland UK Norway Sweden Netherlands Denmark Belgium Austria Japan Qatar Diamond Princess Greece  for the latest updates 
I was torn between calling it China virus or Wuhan virus. Now I think it is best to call it Wuhan virus because I am sure China will have more surprises for the world. We can call the new gifts Sichuan virus or Hunan virus.  …
Australian Signals Directorate has already warned Australians that there is a great deal of foreign fuqqery in this space re ; disinformation COVID19 . This demonstrates without a doubt how evil & devoid of scruples China & Russia are. People are dying & they are lying
And just like that, China emerges as the world’s leader during the Trumpocalypse.  …
Trudeau is allowing ppl from China into Canada.. I hope your implementing the travel ban from Canada..and closing the border
Repost: NOT FAKE NEWS: All quotes from Trump..... just the facts... January 22: “We have it totally under control. It’s one  in from China. It’s going to be just fine.” February 2: “We pretty much shut it  in from China.”
I’ve followed the Coronavirus since its outbreak in China. Just as a matter of keeping up on important news. Twitter has been invaluable. Facebook on the other hand, as I use it mostly for events, has now  utterly useless.
A Made-in-China Pandemic by Brahma Chellaney 
Hey Asia-phobic racist assholes: China got their shit together and kicked the virus’ ass while you were hoarding toilet paper, hows that makes you feel
I read long ago that some people from China bought a building in NYC he wanted, and he's had a grudge ever since. I believe this because of his vindictive nature. We can analyze forever, but the bottom line is he's the strangest human being.
CDC...March 14 Regular Flu Deaths in U.S....16,000 + Car deaths ..6,570 Suicides...9,636 Heart Attack Deaths.. 129,000+ .. All in 2020. China Corno Deaths in U.S. Total.. 57... That's Fifty Seven.. Cincuenta y Siete..For those of you who 'NO HABLA'
People aren't the only victims of the coronavirus making its way around the globe. In China, where the outbreak started, thousands of homeless pets wander the streets or are starving in their homes. 
In some cases there are gastrointestinal issues reported in China #COVID19
This could also be used for contact tracing of infected individuals, as in Asia (China, Taiwan, Singapore, etc.). Most people diagnosed with CV19 would probably opt in to having their geo-location data used to fight the epidemic.  …
The last thing we need now is political nonsense from City Hall. But while we're on the subject, thank God that Pres Trump made the bold decision to stop travel from China a month ago & now from Europe. Otherwise we would be talking about millions of cases already here in America
Everyone - stop panic buying. Food isn’t going to run out. Even in Italy & China people were allowed to go out & buy food. Stripping shelves impacts vulnerable & disadvantaged people - elderly, on low  people with disability. Stop being so selfish. #coronavirusaustralia
Remember how they made fun of POTUS for saying China, China, China? Are they still laughing now that THERE IS NO MORE TOILET PAPER? What creek are they up now? And no TP!  …
#China: #Coronavirus threat is under control. #Italy: *full panic mode* #ItalyCoronavirus #France/ #Germany: We will contain it. #CoronaVirusDE GB: Let's just infect everybody, and the strongest will survive. 
are you stuck inside due to a pandemic that originated in China that has caused many East Asian people to be discriminated against? how about you *checks notes* livestream a performance of an operetta that is notoriously racist towards East asians 
Can't help but wonder if anyone in our Liberal cabal has enquired about the well being of the two Michael's incarcerated in China  …
The Moon's Surface in True Color and High Resolution (By China's Yutu Rover) 
52 days ago, CNBC: JOE KERNEN: Have you been briefed by the CDC? Are there worries about a pandemic at this point? PRESIDENT TRUMP: No. Not at all. And we have it totally under control. It's 1  from China, and we have it under control. It's—going to be just fine... 
There is no such thing as 'the media' in China nor is there a Democratic Party in Italy. I wish people wouldn't minimize or politicize a legitimate global pandemic. No one is choosing to suffer economic repercussions of this as a political tactic. This is bigger than the U.S.
#Mind_it..... #COVIDー19 Coronavirus: Why did China’s state-of-the-art early warning system fail?  …
Also: China is lying about their covid19 numbers. We’ve heard some horrific anecdotal stories from medical personnel on the front lines. Where were these supplies when their own citizens needed them? I’d like to ask jack ma that q too. #propagandacanincludeactions @911CORLEBRA777
..Positions nt28144 in ORF 8 and nt8782 in ORF1 are evolving. Samples out of China show they'd mutated 30.53% (29/95) and 29.47% (28/95), respectively. I'm currently figuring out why these are the ones mutating and how that would change the situation...
..new work out of China yesterday says COVID-19 might also involve abnormal blood production. CoV genes 1 & 8 are predicted to interfere with heme, the  in blood, by kicking out the iron. Would explain why chloroquine seems effective as a treatment #CoronaVirusUpdate
Newstar's famiclone running custom Family Basic with Genuine Intellivision keyboard. It was  in China. How funny. 
I've been leaving the John Hopkins COVID-19 ( #coronavirus) map up on my browser and refreshing it every few hours to get an idea of how fast cases are moving. In seven hours today, there were 11,500 new cases worldwide. That's about 14% of the entire China outbreak, in 7 hours. 
Update, transmission of the virus via the US now exceeds the earlier cases from China. @juliette_io via  …
Exclusive: China Made Tesla Model 3 out on the Test Track at Tesla Gigafactory Shanghai. Thanks to our follower for sending us this video. When do you think Model Y will be out in China?  #Tesla #China #gigafactory #gigashanghai #MIC #特斯拉 #中国 
"Ano naitulong mo sa lipunan?" Stop asking this fucking question, Duterte is an elected official and he has an obligation to our nation NOT CHINA. It's his duty to ensure the safety and well being of the public and we have every right to tell the asshole to do his fucking job.
Since Trump has now taken the Coronavirus Test and the results were Negative, will the Press start asking questions about China trying to blame the Pandemic on the US Military? Of course not. They think even referring to it as “Chinese” or “Wuhan” Coronavirus is “offensive”.
Not a single EU country answered Italy's call for help. NOT. ONE. People of colour did. China did. Cuba did.  …
An Italian man plays Chinese national anthem and shouts "Thank you, China." Italians ought to thank China for the virus, for the hug-seekers, for the Red Guards parades.  …
Our supply chains haven’t been too disrupted due to coronavirus, but we still have employed significant quarantine & disinfectant measures for all products  coming in from China to protect our employees & contractors. Surprised  aren’t doing the same.
Nicki Minaj predicted the corona virus Did it On Em- couple wet wipes case a bum try to touch me ew Your Love- shawty imma tell you this once you the illest Warning- I popped the b top, like a corona Click Clack- murder them, murder them Rake It Up- brought the wraith to China
The Chinese basically bought the rest of the world a month/6 weeks to get its arse in gear. Have the experts read the @WHO China report? Listen to @johnashton4pcc and what Bahrain has been doing. We were still letting Italian planes from Milan fly in and out unchecked this week!
Smh this the worst time to be a producer named China
China steal remdesivir patent from Gilead and mass produce it for the world challenge
“how are we going to tackle the coronavirus outbreak?” China: everyone is on lockdown Spain: we’re on lockdown too Usa: travel ban France: we’re closing everywhere that isn’t essential Italy: lockdown over here PH: No to lockdown, nasaan ang kalayaan? #MMLockdown Covid19
China sends health experts. The US sends bombs.  …
“...told to buy two week’s worth of food” how bloody ridiculous. Hundreds of thousands of people are in #coronavirus prevention 14-day home quarantine in #Beijing alone and nobody has stormed the shops to panic buy anything. It’s not nuclear war. #Australia #China  …
If people knew how much money I left on the table last year not going back to China for the playoffs, or how much I turned down from a euroleague team to finish the season the “only care about money” theory would die. Lol don’t worry I’ll tell the story one day when im done lol
Gotta hand it to China,which managed to contain #COVID19's spread w/help fr slogans like... Visiting friends & relatives is a mutual slaughter, Partying is looking for death Everyone u encounter on the streets now is a wild ghost seeking to take yr  …
A study of covid-19 infections in China's Hubei province sheds light on the fatality rate, and which age groups are at risk 
China are now admitting its been around since at least mid November. So its entirely possible people have already had it here and recovered.
Italy: Lockdown Denmark: Lockdown Turkey: Lockdown Ireland: No mass gatherings China: Lockdown USA: Ban all European flights Canada: Cured Coronavirus in five minutes UK: "Find out how to not die for just £9.99 a month".  …
Australian doctors and others curious about COVID-19 should watch this 51-minute videoconference recording, in which Dr Bruce Aylward discusses findings from the @WHO-China Joint Mission on Coronavirus in China. Thank you @AmyCorderoy for 
"The attitude toward the coronavirus outbreak in the United States and much of Europe has been bizarrely reactive, if not outright passive... It’s as if China’s experience hadn’t given Western countries a warning of the perils of inaction".  …
Given what we know now, I suspect that it came to U.K. a long time before China admitted it even existed. So December is entirely feasible.
BYD, a maker of electric cars, aims to churn out 50,000 bottles of disinfectant and 5m masks a day—a quarter of China's usual capacity 
#Covid19 cases outside China will soon overtake the cases recorded in the country. They went up by nearly 10K cases in today's @WHO daily update & now stand at nearly 76% of the Chinese total The @JHUSystems Covid-19 dashboard shows +156K cases, ~6K deaths  …
Sligo is a beautiful but minuscule  to China & Italy,one would be very naïve to think their actions will have no consequences. As of NOW we need to avoid ALL social gatherings. It’s our duty to protect our family,friends & neighbours to eliminate this virus for good.
Critic of China’s president has vanished. “He said the ruling Communist Party’s strict limits on free speech had exacerbated the coronavirus epidemic.”  …
Wow! All health care folk should listen 2 this webinar by @WHO Bruce Aylward on how China controlled #COVID19 “talk to your population like adults” - they are your surveillance system. Only Wuhan locked down; rest - public info; testing; case/CLOSE contact isolation  …
Overheard: Could there be anything more poetic than Trump's presidency ending over a germ from China that sounds like a Mexican beer?
Some context—the vast majority of police in China dont carry guns. In my entire life I've only seen police carry guns one time, and it was an elite swat team. Instead, such as during the COVID19 crisis, they do things like monitor traffic, keep streets clear and provide support.
China may have prevented 95% of virus cases if it enacted measures after silenced whistleblower's warning  #coronavirus #covid19 
Certainly need to ban US flights. We’re in better shape because of our early China ban. Covering this tomorrow on The Health Report  …
While Canadians were being warned [some would say lectured] about racism by our Governments and public health officials, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Singapore were all taking effective action after China finally revealed the outbreak of the coronavirus #cdnpoli #bcpoli
Coronavirus in China has been traced back to November. They’re now saying the worst has past, new cases have dropped to single-digits, and are on the rebound. And it only took five months. China has 1.4 billion people. Y’all need to quit stressing.
Lead by example Jack. Would you like bat or rat soup on that flight to China?  …
Watch the video in the link Who else mentioned in the vídeo went to Harvard? Mike Zuckerberg of FB? Did FB help China prevent people sharing the dangers of 5G by blocking content? Yes? Zuckerberg, Gates, Hussein, Both Clintons all recruited at the farm  …
Taiwan has a population of 23 million. Last year, it had 2.7 million visitors from China. But as of March 10, Taiwan has just 45 coronavirus cases. Here's why the island has one of the best containment track records in the world so far: 
Could someone please show the UK government these graphs?! China has proven that testing, quarantine, distancing and self isolation work and curtail the outbreak. Not mass exposure of 70% of the population to attain #Herd_Immunity but at what cost? #coronavirus 
Isn't that nice of China. They buy a foreign factory and instead of allowing the locals to prosper, they import 100k of their own workers.  …
Bolivia bans entry of passengers from China, South Korea, Italy and Spain  
Taiwan, China’s close neighbor, has 50 positive cases of COVID19 and one death. They tell the hospitals, government and public the truth to protect their citizens. Not the happy, delusional Trump talk we must endure. #wtpEBRC #wtp2020 ⁦  …
Why has nobody declared war on China yet?
Our soul has escaped as a bird out of the snare of the trapper; The snare is broken and we have escaped. Psalm 124:7 #JESUS paid it all for you & me. #COVIDー19 #UFCBrasilia #CoronaVirusUpdates #China #StayHome #panicshopping #SaturdayThoughts 
#COVID19 update March 14: 156,073 cases, 5,821 deaths, including 75,249 cases, 2,632 outside China. #Coronavirus now in 151 countries. Canada 249 cases: 103 ON, 73 BC, 39 AB, 24 QC, 4 MB, 2 SK, 2 NB, 1 PEI, 1 
Overheard a conversation between two people theorizing that coronavirus was human engineered—likely by Russia or China. One of them made eye contact with me and said, "Don't worry, probably Russia."
Stoicism is so great at times like this. Aim is to shoot for tranquility amidst chaos and to act in the best interests  When China shipped masks to Italy this week, they put a Seneca quote on the crate: "We are all waves in the same sea."  …
Mate, if you thought China had problems...wait til you see what unfolds in America. That buffoon has met his moment of truth...and the sad thing is, the ppl will suffer.
#Kashmir was under #lockdown & still is. China did no good for #Ughyur, India did no good for #DelhiPogrom victims. Now whole world has to live in lockdown due to #coronavirus Enjoy the inhumanity of others which whole world had to suffer. Cheers. #HumanityFirst #HumanityForward
If E.T had landed in China 
Hey @hkumed developed the #COVIDー19 detection now used in 40+ countries & they’re the trusted experts in #HongKong, which has so far contained the outbreak despite proximity to China (in contrast to steep contagion curve in #Europe & #US). And they only have 2500+  …
So the Canadian government advised Canadians to cancel all travel plans. But they're still accepting flights from China and failing to screen passengers. 10/10 coronavirus stopped dead in its tracks.  …
Just thinking about President Trump and how important his America First agenda really is! We can clearly see that out dependence on China for medical supplies is a dangerous one! President Trump has been right all along! Time to invest in America!
China's gov deployed hundreds of thousands of police & military to mass deliver food, medicine, & supplies, and Westerners accused China of having a police state. This  as a shock but in some nations outside the West the police serve the people, not the capitalist elite.  …
The scenery of Yulong River in Yangshuo, Guangxi of China. The essence of Yulong River is between Yulong Bridge and Gongnong Bridge, about 13 kilometers. The landscape is decorated with toothy karst hills, thick bamboo groves, fishermen gliding along on their narrow bamboo raft. 
Premier @DanielAndrewsMP appears to back tougher travel restrictions, NZ style border controls will be on the agenda at national cabinet. Makes the point there are tough bans on China but not US where most Victorian cases have originated @abcmelbourne
It's just over ten weeks since an unusual new pneumonia-like virus was discovered in China. There have now been more than 150,000 confirmed cases of Coronavirus and more than 5800 people have died. TEN WEEKS.
China stocks have handily beaten U.S. equities since the coronavirus outbreak. Here's why 
Badanjilin Desert is located in Alashan, Inner Mongolian Autonomous Region with total area of 47,000 square kilometers (18,147 square miles). It is ranked as the third largest in China and the fourth largest in the world. The sand dune averages about 200 meters in the hinterland. 
One of the reasons we needed testing early is so we could understand how COVID-19 is evolving. Data from China is out of date already. 50% of people in French ICUs with the virus are under 60-years-old!
China hints at denying Americans life-saving coronavirus drugs 
China literally jailed whistleblowers. They put people in "quarantine" reeducation camps. Kept the virus sequence from the world, and that they even had a new Coronavirus and the MSM is touting the fast response. 
10/ My dad asked how long the extreme measures would last. I explained how runaway spread of #coronavirus had overwhelmed Italy & China's healthcare systems, which is why everyone is now focused on this. 
The UK has an extensive testing regime in place for Coronavirus. We’ve undertaken over 37,746 tests, including 5,000 yesterday. We’re doing more testing than any country other than China, South Korea & Italy. This data is slightly behind, but helpful.  …
291,000 people have died of flu worldwide but only 5,819 died of Coronavirus. COVID-19's being used to increase govt. powers, especially against dissidents. China's stopped Hong Kong protests, France's stopping Yellow Vests, etc. NO virus only 0.019% fatality of flu can do this.  …
Inciting calculated "xenophobic racism" against China that will never go anywhere is just the 2020 version of 2016's "Build the Wall and Deport Them All" Its a fake and g@y kosher release valve meant to direct the populaces fury at a broken system away from those in charge of it 
The Bell Tower of Xi'an is located in the center of Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. It is the largest and most well preserved bell tower in China. The tower is a brick and timber structure and close to 40 m (130 ft) high. It was built in 1384 during Ming Dynasty (1368 - 1644). 
[variety show] brave world cheng xiao's only aerial flip in china 
The North Carolina scientists engineered a virus with the "surface protein of the SHC014 #coronavirus, found in horseshoe bats in China"  …
Really informative infographic site on COVID-19 data. Diabetes was an underlying factor in 7.3 per cent of deaths recorded in Mainland China, according to the China Centre for Disease Control.  
Hey Marauders! Got word that COVID-19 has shut down our factory in China. As a result we will be producing in house until further notice. Up side is these statues will now be made to order! So no time limit on ordering. 
If coronavirus causes the NRL season to be postponed and we never see #Aubo300 I will kill every bat I see and fight everyone in China
I’d hate to live in  country, but the main reason China we able to limit outbreak of Covid was they forced isolation and  regime enforced it. Our challenge will be getting masses to see beyond themselves otherwise Covid will spread quickly.  …
Boston’s infectious disease specialists: Containment is no longer possible, our focus MUST be on mitigating the spread and impact. This can happen ONLY if  & our nation heed the clear & horrifying  out of China, Italy & Iran.  …
Shimen Plank Road Scenic Area is a famous attraction in Hanzhong, Shaanxi Province of China. Shimen Plank Road was the first man-made tunnel built 314BC along the Baohe River. The Plank Road has 249 KM, starts from Hanzhong City, and ends in Meixian County of Shaanxi Province. 
China is blaming USA how about taking responsibility for your markets selling anything with a pulse for food  …
Whatever the merits of UK govt 'herd immunity' strategy, lack of  from govt is creating panic. Students want to get back to China, Europe or wherever they are from as they think the UK has given up. Messaging, clarity, explaining plans to the public is vital.
Speak for yourself, I am voting for him this time, he has proven to be doing what's best for us, especially #blackpeople and #Women Democrats work for #China he doesn't 
Trump is claiming the numbers are low because he stopped flights from China. Reality: The numbers are low because people haven't been tested. Up to 500,000 in the US are already infected. Over time, Trump's failure to test could cost hundreds of thousands of lives.  …
Bamboo rat meat, a once  China’s poor traded for quick returns, now risks pushing those farmers back into poverty 
Travellers from countries including China, South Korea and Japan are now banned from Solomon Islands.  …
The Summer Palace is located in the Haidian District northwest of Beijing, China. It is the largest and most well-preserved royal park in China. It was started to built in the year of 1750. In 1998, the Summer Palace was ranked amongst the World Heritage Sites by UNESCO. 
Enjoy the beautiful scenery of Hongcun Village scenic spot in Yixian County, E China's Anhui 
They are opening up those apartments in China and finding dead people...  …
European countries imposed export bans on medical supplies, fearful of running out during the COVID-19 pandemic. Quietly, the Trump administration has also reduced its import tariffs on China for some of the same products.  …
The Gold Bowl with Mandarin Ducks and Lotus Petals of Tang Dynasty (618 - 906), unearthed in 1970 in Xi'an, China. The Bowl masterfully featured two layers of lotus petal engravings outside, with each lotus contains ten petals. It is exhibited in Shaanxi History Museum. 
Reading about Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), a sister to COVID-19. Now, why is it okay to name this after its source and not identify this new virus' origin: Wuhan, China? Seems like Republicans are right and Chinas propaganda machine is working well.
[] @BTS_twt Durante o programa “Youth With You Season 2”, um reality show da China, podemos ouvir "Euphoria" de fundo! Cr:looksontempests #BTSARMY #BestFanArmy 
Can you imagine if China wanted to attack us biologically through medication? How dumb and dependent have we  to be placed in this position? Bring all this back home for our own control and dependability!
The EU Is Abandoning Italy in Its Hour of Need. In a shameful abdication of responsibility, fellow countries in the European Union have failed to give medical assistance and supplies to Italy during an outbreak. China is filling the void. #coronavirus  …
Coronavirus: Aid, doctors arrive in Italy from China -   …
not true, Phil Coorey that this is sudden, unknown...This has been a major story since Dec? and then major WHO concern late Dec...read the WHO Wuhan interim report *China had a policy of meticulous case and contact identification for COVID-19* we’ve been slack #insiders
Not sure if it was Trump/Russia brokenness that finally sent @anneapplebaum over the edge, but it is sad to see so distinguished a historian as Anne just repeating Chinese state propaganda (esp given China's brutalisation of its Uighur Muslim population) 
"I’ve now lived through a coronavirus quarantine in the two countries, and the differences are stark well beyond their airports. In China, the obligation to isolate felt shared and the public changed their habits almost immediately."  …
Trump is claiming the numbers are low because he stopped flights from China. Reality: The numbers are low because people haven't been tested. Up to half a million people in the US could now be infected. #COVIDー19  …
CAN SOMEONE TELL ME WHAT IS GOING ON ON TIKTOK CHINA ? 
My Chinese international student friend (in Chinese): When are you going back to China? I'm leaving next week. It is not safe here. Me (in Chinese): I can't, I'm American. Him: Me:
I hope India is spared the havoc of coronavirus. But attempting to debunk Jim O’Neill on nationalistic grounds is a sign of hubris. O’Neill is wrong when he praises China for its draconian measures and disregards China for its secrecy which allowed the virus to flourish 1/n  …
Praying for China, South Korea, Iran, Italy, France, Spain, the UAE, the US and the rest of the world. Sadly, it is always hardships that bring us together. The Coronavirus pandemic is a true tragedy, but a tragedy we can learn a lot from.
There's a lot of talk in the conspiracy sphere about the Wuhan biotech lab. But answer is, why would China infect itself on Chinese new year? Why were China & Iran first hit. Which lab do we know created a Coronavirus that crosses from bats to humans?  …
China, Iran, Italy, Spain, Ireland, France and other countries are on lock down. Only the UK is taking a different approach. Basically playing koso - gambling with human lives.
Italy asked to activate the EU Mechanism of Civil Protection for medical equipment supply for individual protection. Not a single EU country responded to the Commission’s call. Only China responded bilaterally. Certainly, this is not a good sign of European solidarity.  …
That's torn it. 2 months in; 120,000 people have been diagnosed, 1,300 have died & 1,300 recovered. For those advocating "herd immunity" or some such nonsense, be clear; WE DON'T HAVE THE DATA YET to make such calls. Europe might turn out different to China, and Ireland to Italy.  …
ABC love to put footage of asian-looking people wearing facemasks on their Covid-19 content... there seems to be an effort to ensure it’s generally acknowledged that it’s China’s fault and footage of people of asian appearance wearing facemasks is a key tool in that effort
There is a good deal of evidence that travel bans slowed the spread in China by about 3-5 days. Three days is a massive number of days in a world where you need to flatten the curve. It is not enough. But it is something.
These steps are about saving lives by limiting the spread of COVID-19. It’s also about preserving our health care system, so we don’t see hospitals overrun like what’s been happening in Italy and China and elsewhere, even in Seattle. Learn more:  … 5/5
I'd say Yalta (FDR-Churchill-Stalin) has the top spot. Nixon and Mao in China is a close second, with Vienna (JFK-Khrushchev), Camp David (Carter-Sadat-Begin), and Geneva/Reykjavik (Reagan-Gorbachev) probably rounding out the top five.  …
X : I don't understand your concerns over herd immunity? Me : Ok. It's like being on the Titanic with the UK Gov saying we're going to throw the Brits in slowly and see who floats whilst the WHO  lifeboats and China has already evacuated with helicopters.
In multiple countries, some patients who had #Covid19 #coronavirus & were later tested multiple times to confirm that they had fully recovered, were released from hospitals only to develop symptoms again. This is why China may not be in the clear yet. There could be a resurgence. 
Killing people by overwhelming hospital capacity is exactly what it's been doing in country after country. We do not have the beds, let alone the respirators, to treat all the people who will need to be treated. Do you think China built a bunch of temp hospitals for kicks?
3% of the American population is roughly ten million people TEN FUCKING MILLION 3% of the global population is nearly 230 million That's more people than in any one country save for China, India, USA, and Indonesia That's 3.4 United Kingdoms  …
Off-label hydroxychloroquine. Maybe escalate to adding lopinavir-ritonavir in refractory cases. Someone has to have the courage to use the antivirals China already successfully trialed. Stop letting patients die of cardiac arrest with only supportive treatment on ventilators.
While I'm not defending  this  misinformation. Remdesevir is not a vaccine, it's an antiviral. Antivirals only work once you have a virus. The maker filed for patent in China in 2016, and was denied.  …
Benidorm, Spain. Europe is starting to look like China a month ago.. Where next?  …
Australia is getting almost five times the number of new coronavirus cases that China is getting, but don’t worry! We’re not in lockdown. #COVIDー19 
Now that China and Iran have openly accused the US of using #COVIDー19 as a biological weapon. It is now safer to approach the question without being censored. Watch my feed. 
I don't want to sound uncaring but I cannot believe all the things going on in this country over 50 deaths. If Obama was President we wouldn't even know about this China virus...
The U.S wants to blame China for creating COVID-19 and the killing of thousands when they wont look at the countless souls they’ve killed overseas and their own country. So quick to play the blame game but never want to be held accountable.
You should get on WeChat and tell China they could have just washed their hands. Action now means it’ll seem like an overreaction later. Action later means it’ll seem like an under reaction now.
A man stands on the terrace of a building in Wuhan, China, where residents are still holed up in their apartments after more than 50 days in coronavirus confinement. More images of life on lockdown:  
Right. That’s the point. How does the president of the United fucking states not have access to the same diagnostic process that a peasant in China gets access to? Talk about a failed state.
“Our laissez-faire attitude, prioritization of personal freedom and utter lack of government leadership have left Americans confused and exposed." When being quarantined in China is better to someone who is now quarantined here.  …
I'm confident China, Vietnam, Singapore, Cuba, Italy, Germany, Ireland, France, Spain, and some other countries, will get over coronavirus. UK & US though? I honestly think the ramifications from the deliberately poor mismanagement will haunt both nations for decades 
Hafta think Canadians would be better off today if Governments had enacted strict border controls and self-isolation for those arriving in Canada as soon as the situation in Hubei was revealed by China. #cdnpoli #bcpoli
⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ we need to bring home our medicines from China! Companies buy it for next to nothing from China then stick it to the American People with highly inflated prices! China is not to be trusted! 
Ren Zhiqiang's  amid a far-reaching campaign by China's Communist Party to quash criticism of its slow, secretive initial response to the coronavirus epidemic 
What I don’t get is so much emphasis on modelling. You have China, Singapore, Iran and Italy - just look at them and pick your approach. It is like it is raining and you are talking about modelling the weather for the next 5 seconds.  …
We’ve conditioned ourselves into thinking China is just “sorta” authoritarian and “kinda” totalitarian because cheap Chinese goods and labor have made our neo-liberal lives cheap and easy. We’re wrong. China is every bit as monstrous as the Third Reich and Stalin’s Russia.
Apple will temporarily close all stores outside of China in response to mounting concern over the coronavirus pandemic. Employees will continue to be paid and Apple’s online store and app will remain operational.  
As China begins to get its coronavirus outbreak under control, authorities are going on the offensive to rewrite the narrative that the global epidemic is Beijing's fault.  …
"Be transparent" China screamed as it arrested its doctors and black bagged its journalists. "Show us your data" they yelled as they destroyed reports from different provinces and denied access to their virology labs. 
#Coronavirus in Europe: Spain declares a state of emergency because of #COVID19 Italy continues to have the most cases in Europe, and second in the world - just after China France is shutting down most stores, restaurants and entertainment venues to stop the spread 
Be smart but also be positive... China went through weeks of taking tough measures to get this to turn around... look at where they are now.  …
His criticism of Trump but then the silence towards China's suppression of Hong Kong and uyghurs back in the fall. Not just LeBron, but Steve Kerr, Com. Silver, the whole NBA.
some conservative friends on my social media feed still saying #coronavirus is no big deal with leftist-driven over-reaction. yes, China cases are down... but maybe take a look at Italy...  …
you don't have to be Agamben to wonder why all the great press China's getting for its coronavirus suppression techniques doesn't mention how they were developed and tested for its genocidal prison state in Xinjiang
While the rest of the world shuts down due to the coronavirus crisis, China is ramping up again, writes @ErykBagshaw  
When is the world going to say “enough” to China?
When I saw the steps China was taking at the outset of the Coronavirus, I knew the US and the rest of the world would be in trouble, exactly because of this selfishness!
 crash will be blamed on #COVID19 altho it has  for 3yrs. #coronavirus deaths will be blamed on #China altho China did the most to stop it. Angry workers will be encouraged to blame China for the crimes of #capitalism and to support our rulers’ push for war.
China tries to blame the US for Corona virus that THEY created! Just like the Democrats- blame your opponent for what you yourself have done! 
7. The one single thing that the Sangh has consistently stated, that Baal Narendra has shouted from the rooftops, is that "We will show them their place." The "them" changes: Kashmiris, Muslims, women, oppressed castes, Pakistan, China, the world. This is all there is.
What’s the difference between a China Global Press reporter and a “spy”? Both: take orders from handlers deliver messages report everything have no freedom of speech This “Spy” wasn’t there on his own initiative... MSM is so damn fake.  …
The Chinese managed to control the virus thanks to the amazing ability to build hospitals in 10 days and the ability of its population to follow instructions to achieve effective social distancing. #COVIDー19 #China 
The love that Lisa is receiving from China right now is Not because of his fans, it's because of China's GP and c lilies. Lol.
Did you know: An Illinois mayor declared a ban on the sale of guns due to the China Virus Nancy Pelosi tried to sneak abortion funding into the virus response package Democrats are exploiting the sickness & deaths of Americans to push a political agenda Despicable.
Lesson of #Coronavirus so far is that Asians (Singapore, S. Korea, H. Kong, now China) have handled it better than Western countries. Why? Not democracy vs authoritarianism (see S.Korea vs US), or size. More likely leadership+dependence on global economy  …
the biggest message pounded into my head as a kid was that we valued human life and wouldn’t accept what others would. it turns out we have the same disregard for human life as we accuse Russia or China of having, and think narcissism is an expression of freedom. death cult  …
Time to begin a conversation about how to hold China accountable for Coronavirus. They, not US taxpayers, should be footing most of the bill. By rejecting CDC from studying the virus & suppressing warnings about its threat they are largely responsible for the current crisis!
Thank God Congress spent crucial weeks Impeaching Trump while we witnessed China getting hammered by the #CoronaVirus -- Our so-called leaders would be fired in the private sector. These are not bright people, certainly not honest. Should have planned, prepared, Instead? Grab A$$
At a time of deteriorating relations between the United States and China, misperceptions of a hostile origin of coronavirus have undermined global efforts to tackle the pathogen’s spread, @YanzhongHuang 
"China could've possibly stopped this at the source if they had a free society, open reporting, any sense of priority that did not put the Communist Party's image...first." @CRosett joined @frankgaffney to discuss the #coronavirus. #CCP #COVIDー19 
8/ The first confirmed case of coronavirus in China dates back to November 17, 2019.  …
7/ Bill Gates was in China from November 20-22, 2019 for the New Economy Forum in Beijing along with a other big names including Michael Bloomberg, Henry Kissinger, Condoleezza Rice, and Janet Yellen.  …
The fact that we can literally see into the future at what coronavirus will do (China, Italy, France) and US citizens are just acting like it'll be ok is just....AMERICA ESPLAIN!!! 
Just because China made early mistakes does not mean it has no right or position to help European countries contain their outbreaks. Like it or not, their system now has knowledge and experience of what works and what does not work  the virus. That constitutes a model
Italy, China and Spain: total lockdown USA: state of emergency France, Portugal, Denmark and Norway: all public gatherings cancelled with schools, universities, restaurants, libraries and museums remaining closed Meanwhile in 
Trump told farmers to buy bigger tractors and more land because of his phase one China trade deal. But Chinese agriculture purchases are lagging behind 2017 levels and China still  to a timeline to increase imports like Trump promised.  …
9. Again, ppl should talk about specific measures we can learn from China. But don't lump everything together as "China" when justifying your criticism of US & European. But I guess it might be too much to ask from some ppl
In China alone, the economic slowdown has kept 200 megatons of CO2 out of the atmosphere, according to one analysis from the Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air, a stunning 25 percent reduction in the country’s emissions. 
Acclaimed Harvard Scientist Is Arrested, Accused Of Lying About Ties To China : NPR  …
Patiently explaining to my mom that even though “dad has been doing a lot of reading,” there is no evidence that the coronavirus started in a lab in China—and that it isn’t likely China “did this to hurt Trump.”
Every political in DC swamp in office prior to 2016 should resign in shame for allowing China to control 90%+ of the medical supply chain. That figure alone is all the argument you need to decouple from China.
Chinese police officer arrests a man after he had reminded one of the officers to wear a mask #China 
8. What China excels has always been mass mobilization and forced social movements--it is effective to control the massive outbreak, but that doesn't negate earlier issues, especially when the gov is using the model as a propaganda narrative to rewrite its early blunder
6. This is just one of many, many cases of how volunteers, medical workers helped to contain COVID19 DESPITE, rather than facilitated by, the Chinese government. I think US & Europe should def refer to the necessary approach used in China...
USA cases have eclipsed those from China but we still don't have a ban on travelers from the USA.  …
I wonder if Obama, Bush, and Clinton are drafting a joint apology for selling out America to China. It must be brutal knowing a global pandemic has validated the entire Trump doctrine.
Despite @JoeBiden ‘s claim that the China travel restriction is “hysterical xenophobia,” it’s intended to SLOW the virus’ spread. What @TheDemocrats ALWAYS fail to understand: there IS a limit to our RESOURCES. Which is why we should stop a virus AND unlimited immigration.
Two more voluntary medics from China leave for #Iran Saturday night to join five other Chinese experts there to help the country fight the novel #coronavirus 
This is embarrassing. First China one way, then China two ways. Then Europe, but not UK. Now UK. But not that effin southern border. But he wants to keep us safe. And he could have done it three years ago. No national emergency required.  …
Funny how the Corona virus got here from China waaaay faster than anything I've ever ordered from the internet...
Other countries closed all these businesses to ensure an end to pandemic. I believe they allow food takeout but no congregating. We are lagging due to WH bs. China's model worked. Americans are afraid to say some other country knew better. We are 4th worst in testing. 
As a wife of a medic, thinking of him in his hazmat suit, & reading about the tragic stories of many medics in China & Italy whose spouses will never see them again, my prayers are with all the professionals working on the frontline & their families waiting for this to end.
"Historically, tragedies such as the ongoing COVID-19 epidemic have sometimes led to important changes... Markets at which live animals are sold and slaughtered should be banned not only in China, but all over the world." - @PeterSinger  …
Satellite images of N. Italy & China are remarkably similar. Heavy pollution all connected to Chinese factories. Pollution exposure well known to affect respiratory system. Exposure to coronaviruses will lead to increased mortality rates. This is why you won’t see them elsewhere.  …
The Plan was simple Harvard scientists made virus for China to spread & together w MSM who just received 1.2 from MiniMike & Steyer would destroy the US economy Gates would later supply the vaccine w the Biotech VIR he funded Oct ‘19 Make $& fill the DS coffers for future OPs  …
We're still tracking China and Italy. Look where that puts us in 1-2 weeks if trends continue.  …
Apple closes all stores outside China to prevent spread of #coronavirus.  
What is this "Greater China" lingo US media have adopted?  …
I returned from Sydney this morning. A city with famous people infected in public places. The only reference to the outbreak is on the customs form if you declare travel to Iran, China, or Italy. There is no enhanced screening or even a mention of the outbreak from staff.
If nothing else I hope this serves as a splash of cold water on the face of average Americans regarding our dependence on China for our basic needs. Time to change that.
Just an observation that Taiwan did not shut down any schools, but has done very well in this pandemic considering its proximity/exchanges with China. But this has been because of other rigorous measures in place, which, if you follow @WilliamYang120, he can tell you all about!
What an absolute marvel of China.  …
“People who UNDERSTAND China know that the government wouldn't have locked down its country and suffered huge GDP losses over the risk of a few thousand deaths.”  …
My in laws travelled from NZ to Delhi via Singapore. After two weeks of arrival they had a visit from govt health officials to check their health status. This was in the FIRST WEEK OF FEBRUARY!!!!!!! When the virus was still in China!  …
If/when COVID-19  a full blown pandemic in Australia and just one Liberal politician states - "We did everything possible" Remember on this day 92 international flights arrived in Sydney alone. 11 of them from China! #COVIDー19 #CoronaVirusUpdates #COVID19Aus 
In Pakistan extreme in precaution a must & yes we need to panic- look around at Iran, Italy, now Spain, China ofcourse . Death rate is climbing since virus spreading at a rapid speed. Pakistan needs LOCKDOWN-to prevent, to contain..See Iran’s mass graves 
Evidently reports are inconsistent. I am currently reviewing an abstract sent to me from China that indicates nearly half of patients admitted to hospital for #covid19 had digestive symptoms, most notably diarrhea (far  were abdominal pain and vomiting).
+ China's CDC guy was there along with top NSC to 44 
Due to insane #sanctions, Iran has the lowest level of bed/population ratio among #COVIDー19 highly infected countries. Japan: 13.7 Korea: 12.1 France: 6.7 China: 4.34 Italy: 3.6 U.S: 3.1 Iran:1.7 (beds/1000 people) #EndIranEmbargo #EndIranSanctions 
Border Security Apprehend 1,657 Chinese Nationals Crossing Southern Border Since October President Trump banned flights from China earlier this year but that didn’t stop Chinese illegal border crossers from entering the US illegally. via 
Apple's reliance on China has meant it's been preparing for a worst-case scenario far earlier than  Its decision to close stores globally may be a sign of what's   …
This would be possible with a Bernie sanders policy set: South Korea’s coronavirus response is the opposite of China and Italy – and it’s working | South China Morning Post  …
How on earth is it going to take DAYS for Trump to get the result of his corona test when China is able to process a test in 4 hours?
YOU #XiJinping #China STARTED WORLDS PANDEMI #COVID19 BECAUSE OF YOUR LACK OF #AnimalWelfare #AnimalRights #AnimalProtectionLaws NO DOUBT & WORLD FOLLOWS YOUR SADISM TO #Animals #Speices #Dogs #Cats #Pets WORLD CONDEMNS YOU #CHINA SPREAD  …
So which system is the truly evil one then? Socialism or vulture capitalism? America truly exposing itself as the Great Satan in this instance..meanwhile China shipping as much critical equipment across the globe as they possibly can to help others beat the virus..
This is informative. China was able to contain the virus through drastic measures.  …
For those saying Italy's lockdown isn't working, you need to remember there is a big lag between when someone is infected & when they are diagnosed w/ #COVIDー19 . Most of the 'new cases' will have had it for a while. Due to this lag, it took 12 day to show a decline in China 
What are U afraid of them finding, ah like the funding 4 abortion hidden n the first edition...asking 4 America? We Americans see how democrats take a tragedy & inject payments you’re losing from Ur China & foreign self enrichment polices that stole  & jobs!  …
It should now be crystal clear to every single American that we MUST decouple from China! How in the hell did we arrive at a point where we allow  authoritarian regime to produce most of our medications?? It’s insanity.
"China sent medical masks to Italy, & wrote on the boxes a quote of a Roman poem: “We are waves from the same sea” Japan had donated supplies to China, & wrote on the boxes a quote of a Chinese poem: "We have different mountains & rivers, but we share the same sun, moon, & sky."
. @michaeljknowles argues the #coronavirus crisis vindicates @realDonaldTrump's thinking: from globalization threats to China. @LisaBloom: "Let's just remember President Trump is the guy who looked directly at the eclipse!" More:  
A classic 1961 paper analyzing the 1957 pandemic  concluded that the disease likely started in central China (like COVID-19) and became known to the rest of the world in April of 1957. Pandemics have started in many continents. 6/ 
And so the modern day war begins. China threatens to cut off supply of life saving drugs.  …
{UPDATED March 14th} Total Confirmed Coronavirus Cases Outside of China #COVID #COVID19 #Covid_19 #coronavirus 
So, they've had two months to prepare. Nothing about the potency and lethality of the virus was unknown by the beginning of January. It was predictable that what happened in China would happen here.
South Africa repatriated dozens of its citizens from China over the coronavirus, the first such move by a sub-Saharan country as cases across the region continue to rise 
In China, where hundreds of millions have been under lockdown or quarantine since late January as the country tried to contain the coronavirus, many have found a new rhythm after weeks of sequestered life 
“We have it totally under control. It's one  in from China, and we have it under control. It’s going to be just fine.” — @realDonaldTrump on Jan. 21st
6. Flattening the curve, which China, Japan and other pro-active countries have done with some success, has been the result of governments instituting aggressive measures that seemed drastic at first, but have proven to be wise. Speed is key  …
Frank Gaffney: Trump Must Stop $500 Billion Federal Pension Fund from Investing in China  via @BreitbartNews
Amazing! Thanks #China  …
Today's #covid19 stats from the @WHO. New deaths continue to closely track new cases in this European phase, unlike the China phase, where there was ~2 week lag  
"..your guy downplayed this." Trump: travel ban on China; set up task force - early Jan. Dems: "Racism and not enough diversity. We need to focus on impeachment." Trump: cuts FDA regs slowing down testing kits / opens it up to free market. You = TDS infection 
How many weeks ago did the first outbreak occur in China?
China had a low mortality because they created hospitals in no time. Italy is having a higher mortality rate as they're not being able to provide intensive care for all critical patients. Conclusion: #خليك_بالبيت so we don't  the next  …
It has taken China 4 months, people and drones disinfecting areas every day and them building new hospitals to get to a point now where they are stemming the spread of the virus. Meanwhile, Boris the clown wants us to ignore the virus and hope it goes away. #boristhebutcher
China has Known About Corona Virus Since NOV 17th. 1million Chinese have Flown into The USA between Nov17-Jan31. Corona Virus Has been here for 4 months. Wheres the US deaths, Overwhelmed Hospitals? Its all Fake China Propaganda to Crash Economy  …
Even if you have respiratory disease and you just came back from a high risk area like Italy, Iran or Spain you WON'T be tested. We will be toast! @MinPres @bruno_bruins @rivm, Please follow countries that are successful: South Korea, Singapore, China. Test, test, test!
China started a global pandemic, tried to cover it up, cost no-telling-how-many people their lives, & they are now trying to blame the @USArmy. @realDonaldTrump has been right about China all along. They are our greatest geopolitical foe.  …
ICU rate in Italy for #COVID19 at ~16%. In China, it was ~5%. Is the coronavirus even worse than expected? New data published in JAMA:  …
The government has accepted an infection rate of 60% of the UK population. If we take a conservative estimate is roughly 1% - produces over 450,000 deaths. China with a population of 1.3 billion saw 2500 deaths. This is surely a dangerous miscalculation by the U.K.
Professor (of course) writes that he felt safer under quarantine in China than he does in the US 
Just a reminder that this is what China did to supposedly get ahead of #Coronavirus. America, can you handle 
Okay so literally all the people in China but the system itself. All these people worked to contain and eradicate its spread with no political support or resources provided whatsoever, got it.  …
These totally not fearmongering geniuses project we could see up to 1,696,807 more deaths than China. I don't know about you, but I think their credibility just took an arrow to the knee.  …
The lockdown in China was to create the conditions to actively stop #COVIDー19 and was only one part of the campaign. This is what they did. We should watch and learn #CoronaVirusUpdates 
Things will go back to normal overtime this is China now  …
The WHO have advised - this disease is containable. It has been contained in China, it has been contained in South Korea, it didn't even get into Taiwan/Vietnam/a host of geographically close countries.
We have seen what the virus did in China and South Korea. We are seeing what the virus is doing in Italy right now. But the UK is confident the best approach is to wait and let the virus get to 40 million people first. We would see how this plays out over the next few weeks.
China doesn’t spend billions on foreign propaganda for fun...  …
I can't believe people are answering China when they hid key information for weeks and declared quarantine just before its New Year when people had already left Wuhan.  …
South Korea followed China's lead. Italy followed South Korea's lead. France is following Italy's lead. The US is 7 to 10 days behind the curve. Prepare for the shutdown, here.
With the #CoronaOutbreak two things have  crystal clear; the dependence of the world on China & the lack of sympathy by the Western media towards those affected in China.
China was 2-3 months ahead. They also seem to  out of it. There is light at the end of this tunnel. Take good care and stay strong. #FlattenTheCurve #StayHome 
Our Country should never again be this vulnerable. #COVID-19 also known as #Coronavirus started in China and they should be held accountable for unleashing this biological weapon, camouflaging as a virus/disease, on humanity. 
Thanks for tweeting @CarlosdelRio7 the important takeaway point is that 12% in #Italy required ICU  to 5% in #China. We need to really think about that and continue to prepare and plan for  …
China built a 1,000 bed hospital in a week to deal with #COVIDー19. What is the UK doing? Are we preparing for the peak by building emergency hospitals with critical-care beds? Are we at least discussing with Chinese experts on how it can be done?
A view from #China ... #coronavirus 
Avril Haines participated in Event 201. Interestly sitting next to China's CDC guy @99freemind @BenKTallmadge @CarrollQuigley1 @MadAddictSport @MonsieurAmerica 
Well, I feel safe knowing that Air China arrived YVR a few hours ago, screening measures? Nope. pre-screening? squat. USA began China restrictions 6 weeks ago! @MarcGarneau and you should resign and let adults run the 
#China Crazy about #AnimalCruelty AgainstHumanity A sport in China mixes traditional bullfighting with martial arts - Insider  …
Amid #COVIDー19, seeing New Yorkers taking this so flippantly at places like Prospect Park is extremely disconcerting. Successful containment of the virus in China and South Korea and elsewhere required massive measures backed by @WHO. We need to get our shit together fast.
“The truth is that China did absolutely everything wrong. One can only wonder what is motivating the Western journalists who pretend the contrary is true.”  …
The saying ‘you are what you eat’ is going down a treat in China right now, some fuckers rooming the streets thinking he’s batman ffs
Loose (US, Italy) vs tight (China) culture and #COVID19: "Our loose cultural programming needs to do a big switch...Our remarkable unity during WWII shows we've been able to shift from loose to tight. Now we need to do it again with strong  …
"If your solution is that your medical and telco supply chain should be reliant on the good will of an adversarial power - like China - you might just be an absurd person"  …
On 2.12.20, 15,152 new cases of COVID-19 were reported in China 1 month later, 15 cases were reported on 3.13 Stop watching MSM nonsense - watch Hallmark or Netflix instead RT Reply w/ your@Follow the RTs & handles Return, RT & follow more I am @markkirin_ 
This week the United States military carried out air strikes against Iraqi citizens. At the same time, China delivered supplies and teams of scientists to help protect the Iraqi people from the #coronavirus. I wonder which side is winning over the hearts and minds of the  …
Italians don't need an airshow right now. They need medical supplies. Thank goodness China is willing to help them.
Looooong before Corono virus, I saw this video and decided... I am NEVER stepping foot in China, ever! Watch at your own discretion, this is BEYOND disgusting  …
Sure because that’s totally how China, South Korea and other countries took on the virus
Let me get this straight God was so pissed at Drag Queen Story Time, in America, that he created a virus, in China, that kills old people who are more likely to be Christian, & then made Trump botch the US response? If God exists, he is the most  dumbass in existence 
Wow. Intense footage out of Benidorm, as the city shuts down to prepare for  #coronavirus pandemic #CoronaVirusUpdates #COVIDー19 #COVID19 #COVID19toronto #Italy #StayHome #StateOfEmergency #China via Jordan Coombe 
Stunning description of how China powered up its immense state capacity to go to war with Covid-19. Also: Incredibly worrying to watch in India knowing that we won't be able to even get close to this sort of effort.  …
So when a country courts military ties with China it's a "proxy" but when a country has military ties with the United States it's an "ally"? Hmmm...  …
Young people were dropping dead on the street in China. I’ve wondered why young people were basically given the message they were safe. Plus many younger Drs and other staff have died too
Despite US imposed sanctions in Cuba, that make it extremely difficult for them to deal with a pandemic, Cuba has already developped a medicine, that cured thousands of patients in China, and is collaborating with Venezuela and Italy  …
months ago, I sent a care package consisting of masks, hand sanitizers etc to my family in China. ...... they just sent back what’s left of it because now the tables have turned 
‘Immigration by our species into..S. China from southeast Asia probably began as early as 80 ka. N. China has a different history: here, humans immigrated from Mongolia and southern Siberia ca. 45 ka as part of a cold-adapted Palearctic fauna’  …
The Chinese #CoronavirusPandemic Boomerang! #DarkToLight Watch! The Stage is set -China Trade Deal Ph2  Legislation's introduced to limit dependency on China supply chains. What advantages might exist when you know the other sides playbook? Q #Trump2020 #KAG 
Fck China. Merica. 
If you want to know how China has fought the virus listen to this. Sobering  …
In China a moderately planned economy is stopping the Virus, in capitalist countries mutual aid is stopping it. If we developed a planned mutural aid economy the virus wouldn’t stand a chance!
U.S. Military May Be Responsible For Bringing Virus To China, “It Might Be U.S. Army Who Brought The Epidemic To Wuhan”  
Honestly this flu is probably not even as good as our flu bc it was made in fucking China
Flights from heavily coronavirus-affected countries (US, Italy, etc) are still arriving in Nairobi every day and passengers not even being asked to self-quarantine. This is as much a risk to everyone as  from China, but no outrage.
#COVIDー19 Is this where Coronavirus really started. China's first top level bio-safety lab in Wuhan This is the video released by China when it opened 
People were having bags placed on there head and shoved in the back of cars under restraint. NBC News must be secretly owned by China.
Yes both things can be true, the virus came from China and we should’ve had more fucking tests. Okay hacks?
People need to open their eyes about China! They will do and say whatever it takes to defeat America! It’s about time we started to fight back against  regime! Most imperative,Manufacturing being brought back to America,big-time! We cannot hope to rely on China!
Feeling a strange culture shock reading this objectively critical piece from @iandenisjohnson after so much China-bashing hate. Thank you. #Covid19 #coronavirus  …
Coronavirus is underrated 142,000 Confirmed Cases 118 Countries Infected 80,000 Cases in China 1,600 Cases in the USA Legend.  …
China, Venezuela, and Cuba are sending doctors to help Italy. #WhereIsEU?  … via @GdB_it
Within the Four Symbols of ancient China, astronomy and mythology co-existed side by side and may be seen as a harmonious fusion of science and art.  …
He called China’s “leader” a clown. Now he’s missing.  …
Instead of dunking on Trump as he tries to save lives, it would be nice if a few journalists were curious how exactly the coronavirus started in Wuhan, China. Seems relevant to a pandemic.
They EU tried to enslave Europe - they lost. Its over. So did the Dems in the USA - similar result. Could China be partly correct? That the Covid virus is the punishment inflicted by the furious Globalists on the USA and UK Governments for failing to stop the Populist wave?  …
China continues to craft new Kriegs, loving it! $1,200 applied 
China and Italy have enacted sweeping restrictions to stem the new coronavirus. This is how those efforts would map onto the States 
He called China's authoritarian leader a "power-hungry clown" who made the nation's #coronavirus problem worse by trying to hide it and going after its critics. Now that critic, a Beijing tycoon, has vanished, his family says.  …
Fuck #china.
Good point by @BethanyAllenEbr: US has rejected global leadership in this health crisis & China seems to be stepping in. China sent a planeload of supplies to Italy (after the rest of the EU denied Italy's requests for supplies) and dispatched medical teams to Iran & Iraq.
In China, they have a system where if you order food online, they include verification of the health of the chef and the delivery person as part of your order.
#6 @HawleyMO #RosemaryGibson Regarding the importance of financing & helping the private sector use our technology to create the Drugs we need. So we are not dependent on China the threat they hold over the U.S. Zooms Out -Wish I knew who the empty seats belong too. 
Tech giant Apple is closing its stores outside of China for two weeks and will only sell online as part of efforts to fight the global viral pandemic. 
Feeling great @Woohoo, China
People keep telling me China has primitive medical response systems. No. They don’t. They are ruthlessly efficient. Tons of ventilators, temp scans everywhere, and portable CT scanners we don’t have in quantity. And we need to up our game.  …
Yeah, let's talk about it: data from observing recovered patients in China show that some are experiencing significant diminished lung capacity, enough to potentially make every day activity harder.  …
Hmm, why did CNN fail to report it was a reporter from the China Global News (state owned). That is NOT a f'in coincidence! China ordered him to try and get a fever into that room.  …
CNN Jim Acosta Claims saying "Wuhan Corona Virus" "China Corona Virus" is Racist & Xenophobic. So I did 2 Minutes of Actual Journalism. I Searched "CNN Wuhan Corona Virus" & This is what I Found CBS, NBC, ABC, CNN all refered to it as "Wuhan or China Corona Virus" 
I hope all the dipshits screeching that coronavirus is a Chinese attack realize that China is going to be the main manufacturer of coronavirus vaccines:  …
The official Chinese news service Xinhua is wall-to-wall w/stories on China helping countries around the world fight coronavirus. Italy, Korea, EU, Iran... In both Chinese & English—this is meant for both foreign *and* domestic audiences. Wish the US govt could say the same. 
EXCLUSIVE: The UK government is collaborating with China - the world’s most advanced surveillance state - to develop superior facial recognition software that can ID people wearing disguises @tomjharper @siangriffiths6  …
Italys Corona death statistics. 87.8% over 70 years old 97% of the dead are 60+ Zero dead under 30 Almost like the perfect biological weapon for killing off the old, weak and/or sick, leaving the healthy and productive. China has an over population problem. Makes you wonder! 
As Covid-19 sweeps the globe, the place where it all started seems to have gotten a handle on the disease. This is how China is containing the coronavirus. 
The photo is licensed to Getty Images and was taken 2/19/20 in Altay, Xinjiang, China. The photo credit is an entity or entities I don't know by the name of "Costfoto/Barcroft Media"  …
What’s worse, an unusually weak virus that spreads quickly, or a more deadly virus that spreads slowly? Death count could end up the same, but only one spares children. Could China’s “success” be partly because so many already have it undetected? Would they know? #coronavirus
This, btw, is precisely what Estonian hospitals did when they saw what was happening in China, knowing that spread of the virus was inevitable.  …
#CalledOut! “The US government on Friday (March 13) summoned Chinese Ambassador Cui Tiankai (崔天凱) to the @StateDept to address Beijing’s controversial [false] suggestion the US army is responsible for bringing the novel coronavirus ( #COVID19) to China.” 
People aren’t eating at Chinese restaurants because of Fear ! Not because of racism as @AOC says Many Chinese recently went to visit China for the Chinese New Year and recently returned to The Socialists like AOC are the ones dividing , not ⁦ 
Wait will the police actually bring you groceries in China?
Interesting total omissions from this graph-Russia, Hungary, Poland-& Japan slower-why? Border security. It will still spread in these countries eventually, but it will be far delayed saving many lives This is a virus that originated in China- #bordersecurity works. 
I know we were mad about the students in Wuhan, but, honestly, they’re safer in China than here. People that side have protocols. Here we have solidarity and vibes.
We know from China that this hits smokers incredibly hard. I would bet that is the cause in the high amount of those under 60 being effected.
Apple to close all stores worldwide except those in China until March 27 in response to coronavirus  
Some COVID context: China 80k cases 3k deaths, Italy 17k cases 1.7k deaths, Germany 4K cases 8 deaths. Average annual prostate cancer cases in UK 48k with 12k deaths. Post COVID let’s call for better cancer screening for men.
Dont panic everything thats made in china are not made to last!!!
Just in case we forget how China ‘effectively’ handled 
Once again: the Soviet Union mobilized hundreds of thousands of people who willingly went to work risking their health and potentially their very lives making the rest of the world safe. China did the same for COVID 19. The US government does not even pretend to care.
Re-upping: You know who else is suppressing their #CoronaVirus case numbers? Russia. Unless of course, their official numbers are real & that land  economically and geographically tied to China only managed a whopping 45 cases.  …
So.....All this stemmed from China. And no repercussions? They basically cause the planet to shut down and everyone is suppose to shut up about it?
"You remember the North Korean leader promised us a Christmas present for America? Back in December," he said. "Could it be they got together with China and this is that present?" 
Whoever answers this correctly will win a free trip to China(Wuhan) "Who is d president of Nigeria?"
Cuba and China are both helping those countries most afflicted by #Covid19 with resources and expertise. They are some of the very few countries that only look down on other when they’re helping them 
The world has an opportunity  together-work together. But we have no #leadership. Folks with inspirational #vision are not in power; are not leading countries; have no access to the press. Therefore the #visionthing does not exist. #CoronaVirusUpdates #China  …
Here are the countries with the highest numbers of novel coronavirus cases after China 
Many in America's free press are happy to help China gaslight the entire world. Free press, what a joke, globalist controlled press. The liberal media is a propaganda arm of China now. From the Times, the MSNBC, the Post, to the Atlantic, China is the  …
Pakistan government needs to send 10 journalists to China, 10 to Iran and 10 to Italy on a fact finding mission about CoronaVirus. Causes, symptoms,prevention etc...I believe it can help us fight this menace better. Please make a list of journalists you think are fit for this job
For officials, pundits, or others expressing awe at how the Chinese gov has handled #coronavirus, read our new issue of the #china media bulletin. Then think whether this level of deception, repression, censorship, & surveillance is really what you want.  …
“how are we going to tackle the coronavirus outbreak?” china: everyone is on lockdown spain: we’re on lockdown too usa: travel ban france: we’re closing everywhere that isn’t essential italy: lockdown over here u.k: 
Remember: Because of a shortage of testing kits in US, we only test people showing symptoms or who've been in direct contact with someone from Italy or China. Not people who have been in contact with someone in contact with someone in contact. Which is how viruses actually spread  …
NEW: our most substantial update yet of the coronavirus case trajectory tracker • Now showing China’s early trajectory for extra context • Australia, Canada and 3 other countries added • Rapid rise in cases in Spain Follow our live version here:  
blinks who don't even bias lisa thinking they're being edgy by 'jokingly' dragging the other mentors knowing full well that lisa's already under a microscope for being a kpop idol in a chinese show & that these 'jokes' can affect her reputation in china badly, she's been+
The fact that most Americans are still going outside, acting like things are normal, gathering with other people, and obsessing over China during a mass life threatening pandemic in the US speaks to the obscene individualism, chauvinism, and disregard for public good in the US.
Whether or not the coronavirus is actually a bioweapon, voters blaming Trump for the crisis and throwing him out of office in favor of a guy whose son personally engaged in corrupt deals in China would be quite a win for the CCP
Under protection of the magnificent mountain, the village in SW China's Guizhou  a wonderland hiding beyond the sea of clouds. 
This isn't the flu The flu kills less than 1% of infected people who are over age 65  in China, COVID-19 killed 8% of those infected who were 70-79 and almost 15% of those infected who were age 80 or older. That’s a staggering difference.  …
By always criticising China as the fucked-up fascist shithole that it is, I hope I didn't give you the idea that I think the United States, where cops murder political opponents asleep, w/o trial, wounding families, aren't a fucked-up fascist shithole too.  …
Corona itself was so impressed by the efforts of Sind Govt when it first came to Karachi, that it immediately sent an SOS to extended family in China, alerting them that Sindhi Chemist Louis Bilawal Pasteur has already developed a vaccine that could kill their entire generation!  …
Apple has closed stores everywhere outside China until March 27 to prevent spread of COVID-19. At the location at Sherway Gardens, customers who’ve left their devices to be repaired are being given the opportunity to pick them up, but no one can go in to shop 
all the way from China Shanghai #MercyEkeShutsDownAMVCA #AMVCA2020 
They're not. Twitter and every other social-media platform drools daily over the financial opportunities of operating more broadly in China. They're pretty much going to suck whatever Beijing puts in front of them.  …
Cuban drug at forefront of fight against #COVIDー19 is in high demand internationally, production restricted by US illegal blockade on Cuba. Cuban medics have been in China & Italy, we all owe it to them to SMASH THE BLOCKADE
1) The world is 7 weeks behind China. 2) China saw a leveling of cases by end of 1st week in March 3) World should see a leveling of cases by May 
McConnell needs to make sure this does not pass. This is exactly what Ds wanted, they infected our country with mass hysteria over a virus that has killed 50 people to  2 goals-Get left wing bills passed while throwing the economy into a recession so China Joe can win.
1. Bigly rally in the S&P500 on Friday, some say the biggest rally ever... but the corona-trades ain't buying it: $JETS vs $KURE (global airlines vs China healthcare) $RCL vs $SCI (cruise liner vs funeral home) $SPX 
FUN FACT: Every country that shut its border with China almost straight after the outbreak has less than 59 reported cases each  …
While the US attacks targets in a country it still militarily occupies, despite the Iraqi government requesting that it leave, China is sending doctors. This is what a shift in global hegemony looks like. 
CORONAVIRUS: Health workers held a disinfection operation at the grounds of Turkish football team Galatasaray, at the Türk Telekom Stadium, after Turkey recorded its first cases of COVID-19. WHO: Europe Replaces China as Epicenter of Virus Pandemic  
Apple stores worldwide close for 2 weeks, due to COVID-19! Stores in Greater China, however, have reopened as the number of COVID-19 coronavirus cases there has declined.  …
Trump PEACE & PROSPERITY WINNING Economy GOP 95% approval 7 Million Jobs Created 3.5% Unemployment Rate USMCA/China deal Lowest unemployment 4 blacks, Latinos & veterans Two new Supreme Court judges 50th federal judges approved U.S. Space Force Lowest Taxes 
#Somalia has banned all travelers from China, South Korea, Iran & Italy due to Coronavirus. I’m glad to see the government take important steps to prevent the spread of #COVIDー19, Somalia remains one of the last countries in the region untouched by the 
The bourgeois press is still hesitating to tell us that Cuba, a Marxist-Leninist state has discovered an antiviral for the deadly #coronavirus and socialist countries like China and Venezuela also played a pivotal role in discovering this antiviral. Forward with socialism.
Trump IS responsible for the US slow response to this pandemic. He had all this information because of what was happening in China, in January. He ignored  Understand this, we still DON"T have test kits. Pence says there are 5 million. there are 320 million citizens
That's pretty par for the course for the National Broadcasters for China.
How Singapore, Taiwan and Hong Kong have brought coronavirus outbreaks under control — and without resorting to China’s draconian measures. 
In China, the Communist Party suppressed knowledge of the outbreak, because word getting out would make the it look bad. In the US, Trump suppressed admin efforts to address and contain the new virus, because word getting out would make him look bad.  …
So very true! And to cover their behinds the lib/left called everyone a racist who dared question China! Tucker Carlson: Coronavirus was largely ignored by impeachment-obsessed media as epidemic began  #FoxNews
Per the Surgeon General. 98-99% of people who are infected by the china virus will fully recover. Let that sink in.
Catch up on tonight's @Channel4News for a fascinating and very convincing technological solution from Oxford that would contain the virus, based on a technique that has been proven to work in China.
China can actually help us fight coronavirus, if certain dipshits would stop screeching "wE wERe aTTaCkED, this MEAns waR!!!"...  …
This blog considers assumptions about the spread of the viral infection & the capacity of hospitals to provide ICU to those who will need it. He argues we should learn the lessons from China and Italy & go for lock-down immediately. Needs an urgent debate  …
Economists believe that crises like #COVIDー19 don't have a monetary or fiscal solution. All they require is strong leadership. This is a sample of what strong leadership means. As the rest of the world washes hands, China has decided to wash the viruses off the streets!  …
4. President Trump, why don't you say LOUD and CLEAR that the Corona Virus was GENETICALLY ENGINEERED as a Bio-Weapon at the Univ. of North Carolina BSL-3 Lab? why don't you say who spread it to China, Italy and in the USA? Brennan? Clapper? Hayden? . 
Really, it is positively staggering how badly our political and media institutions all over the world have let us down. Does anyone else remember what we were all obsessed with in January while China was infecting the rest of the world with their authoritarian  I do.
The first US case of the coronavirus was reported in January -- a Washington state man who had recently returned from China. More than a month later, the US has reported at least 2,384 cases in 49 states, Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands and DC 
The guy who ate the bat soup in china rn 
#decouple from China.  …
If the coronavirus started naturally, the world would understand. But China desperately trying to pin blame on someone for it, including US, is suspicious.
If “some of you” really think Zhao Lijian really done this badly about saying “it’s *probably” brought to China by the US.” You have to think about how hundreds of American “government officials” spreading “Wuhan virus”. You think you are not Asian looking, so you won’t face-
If your solution is that every country should make everything for itself behind walls and that China should be forever be a poor isolated nation with very little state capacity -- you just might be an absurd person.
[JACKSON WANG] The singer and rapper announces his   … #jacksonwang #boy #solo #singer #rapper #cpop #china #teamwang
America wanted a one eyed world, where people are devoid of spirituality and logic. They failed, China is piling up the pressure on US  clean in relation to the coronavirus. It's a bio weapon. US used HIV/AIDS against Africa, #Corona is another one on their 
Adam, the government strategy is NOT to follow the WHO guidance (test, contact trace, quarantine and socially distance) which China, Korea, Singapore, Taiwan have used to suppress the epidemic. Why?  …
China got the virus under control in less than 6 weeks- how long will it take Europe and US?  …
Cardi using @CardiBArchive’s tweet showing her on the news in China via Instagram (March 14th, 2020). 
Why does  party of China even need a propaganda department when they have the American mainstream media  …
CORONAVIRUS: A disinfection team gears up to clean the Fatih Mosque in Istanbul, after Turkey recorded its first cases of the coronavirus. WHO: Europe Replaces China as Epicenter of Virus Pandemic  
6 lanes 19 km Gwadar East Bay Expressway under construction from #Gwadar Port to Makaran Coastal Highway N-10 under #CPEC,financed by interest-free loans extended by China's state owned bank."Early Harvest" scheme & is part of a wider ₨170.667 billion development package 
If you want to see how effective isolation is: here's China's #COVID19 cases from 2 months ago to 
Also there are like 80,000 confirmed cases outside of China. Stands to reason that some of them might be famous.
The virus did two positive things for China. 1) No more protests 2) Facilitate the movement towards the digital dollar The latter hasn't happened yet, but it will.
There isn't a toilet paper shortage. I spoke to several buyers from grocery stores this week. Its not a lack of toilet paper, it's a distribution issue. They can't restock fast enough, it hits the shelf and it's gone. They're making more as we speak, it's not from China
Two Seattle marine cargo terminals shut their gates Friday, and one stopped all operations — the first time in five years a Seattle terminal has done so — as  effects of coronavirus and the U.S.-China trade war take their toll. 
#US donated 17.8 tons of medical supplies for #WuhanCoronavirus to #China in Feb. China now spreads conspiracy theory to smear the US in Mar. Conclusion: Don't help China any more. China only bites the hand that feed it. #COVID2019 #COVID19  …
Isn’t it quite amazing how MSM Democrats have CRITICIZED @realDonaldTrump for stopping flights from China and EU but now we see EU Countries ALL doing EXACTLY the SAME? Will they now criticize EU as Xenophobic misogynistic Racists who took the spread of COVID-19 lightly?
#COVIDー19 The West: China is hiding the truth about the real number of infected. Meanwhile the West:  …
India is rescuing 800 Indian students from Iran, all muslims. Pakistan didn’t rescue a single student from China from Corona Virus. Guess which country’s image is tarnished globally for treating Muslims as second-class citizens?
Except for them not allowing the reporter in, and that whole thing about blocking travel from China, which resulted in the US having one of the lowest infection rates in the world... 
BREAKING: China is now blaming the United States for the coronavirus after they covered up the Wuhan outbreak - 
When the Corona virus spreads to China, everyone is away from every Chinese citizen ... Today the world  all China to save the planet from the virus
A non-trivial analysis of the #cov2019 Wuhan/china data and possible evolution in the rest of the world by Michel Levitt (our bioinformatics @NobelPrize !)  … and a positive interview  …
#Somalia has banned all travelers from China, South Korea, Iran & Italy. Ban applies to both Somali citizens and foreign nationals. Ban enacted in light of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. 
Trudeau in Isolation After Wife Tests Positive for Coronavirus. And this Moron refuses to cancel direct flights from  into Canada and they’re unchecked.  …
MANUFACTURING: @GovMikeDeWine "Once we're thru this, there needs to be some national thinking about never letting us get in situation to be unable to produce things we need." He said not blaming anyone, but too much of what we need is made in China.
"There needs to be a national discussion" to stockpile goods needed for crisis, DeWine says. "All of this  from China and we can't allow ourselves to be in that position again."
A hospital in #Chongqing exploded, huge fire broke out. People say: many #coronavirus patients trapped inside, #China state media won’t be able to cover this up #WuhanVirus #COVID19 #coronavirus 
The US drops bombs on Iraq and kills Iraqis US sanctions on Venezuelas and Iran's healthcare system are actively killing the most vulnerable civilians Cuba and China sends health experts to try to contain the coronavirus Which country is actually a terrorist state and a threat?
"You remember the North Korean leader promised us a Christmas present for America? Back in December," he said. "Could it be they got together with China and this is that present?" 
China girl eating raw seafood, thats alive! 
Omg! A gate man  his boss, while he's just arrived from china. 
Despite SARS that killed hundreds, China didn't stop wildlife farming Despite wet markets gulping even endangered species, China didn't stop Despite Doctors disclosing deadly nature of #CoronaVirus, early in Dec, China didn't inform the world Who will hold CHINA ACCOUNTABLE?
The new travel restrictions will "kill" the local travel tourism industry, the New Zealand China Tourism and Travel Association says.  …
Apple to temporarily close retail stores except in China  …
Yesterday they were DEMANDING to know if he'd been tested yet. He has now been tested. So they move to whining about his SHAKING HANDS even thought people are screened before they get to him now. China reporter running 100+ fever was stopped yesterday.
China sent recovered patients' serum to Italy this week.  …
#Tunisia: Presidency of the Republic expressed gratitude to People's Republic of #China for announcing it will provide medical and health supplies to support the country's steps to prevent spread of #COVIDー19, @PresidenceTn said Saturday. #TAP_En
In the meantime, Alibaba of China is donating test kits and medical masks to the US. @JeffBezos weigh in?
I don't have a problem with the virus..My worry is the name, why coronavirus??? The virus started in China so the name should be like 请您说得慢些好吗 instead of coronavirusOr they translated it?
COVID-19 statistics China - population of 1.4B Cases - 80,824 / 1.4B = 0.0057 % If the US reaches similar % affected numbers - 330M population Cases - 19,051 / 330M = 0.0057 % Wash your hands If you have symptoms get checked Otherwise please chill
The various coronavirus responses around the world are very revealing about the psyche of the respective nations: UK: Keep calm and carry on USA: Protect the economy France: Protest Italy: Sing from your balcony China: Effective brute force Australia: Rely on blind luck
Them: But Medicine in 1918 wasn't like today. If I get really sick, I'll get better. Me: @CDCgov says ~ 2 - 21 million Americans may need hospitalization, & Doctors from China & Seattle say 1/3rd hospitalized will need ICU/Ventilator. WE DON'T HAVE ENOUGH  …
Again this just appeared on the BBC. This is why some China watchers are absolutely losing it. There is nothing they can feasibly do to quash this change in narrative. 
CHINA BRINGS IN THE NEW YEAR WITH BRUTAL HORSE FIGHTS In a tradition dating back hundreds of years,male horses are lured to fight by arousing them with the display of a female horse in heat The males will rip each other to pieces to gain mating rights The crowd, locals and 
Rana Kattar Muslim Ayyub is lecturing on secularism. What’s next, China giving lesson on vegetarianism, Manmohan on art of speaking and Sonam kapoor on acting...  …
Here we see the very worst of human behaviour.  going to court to stop China distributing a vaccine for the #coronavirus for free. This is utterly despicable.  name  …
Italy : ‘National lockdown’ China ; National Lockdown America : Travel Ban leading towards lockdown West Belfast ; ‘Hurry Brendy, get up to Asda and get 6 cases of Harp before its gone’ 
Oh what a coincidence NOT that this U.S.  already has a vaccine when we know it takes YEARS to develop. I hope that China gets a hold of it & distributes it free to all humanity. It  clearer that this virus was unleashed on purpose 2 profit from this tragedy.
A Global Outbreak Is Fueling the Backlash to #Globalization. As the #coronavirus spreads around the  are seeking alternatives to making goods in #China. Is #DeGlobalization the next trend for the #economy? #GDP #COVIDー19  …
We must ask China how to do it. We must seek Chinese support to prevent Maldives & our small population from this disaster. We cannot afford to lose a single souls. I like to request @AmbassadorZhang to share Chinese expertise with the Maldives & help us before it’s too  …
From China only one thing is came with brand “Coranavirus” With 100% guarantee 
Coronavirus! The greatest risk for Zimbabwe or Zambia or Botswana or Namibia is NOT from people travelling from China. It’s from South Africa. South Africa has the greatest number of people with an umbilical cord with Europe. They travel there a lot! The data is clear. 
So-called doctors in China actually believe jinbu myths like stewing up civets, the wild cats that passed on SARS virus to humans, will cure insomnia, & eating bats & bat guano will cure poor eyesight & eating snakes & horse penis will cure impotence. Such ignorance is dangerous!
These Italians have broken world record for Spreading Virus in Africa. No Chinese has been detected with #COVID19 in Africa. That tells you how China is serious about containing the pandemic.
The Trump Administration is taking all the right steps: ✓ Travel restrictions from China & the European Union ✓ Waiving interest on federal student loans ✓ Testing  available in Walmart, Target, and pharmacy parking lots all over the country 
A thousand Americans were already dead by the time Obama declared a national emergency 6 months after swine flu H1N1 hit USA. Trump stopped flights from China in January and mentioned #coronavirus in State of the Union while Pelosi had  focused on impeachment.
One thing is for sure....big changes in the global supply chain expected. China has lost lots of goodwill. The world has changed dramatically over the last six weeks....
Wow. Infected again. China confirms person who recovered from C Virus has been reinfected!! Back in hospital. Same strain. Lord.
People test negative for coronavirus… they are all immediately quarantined because they traveled from China. People traveling from Europe (which is now the epicentre of the virus) are ALL presumed well… some test positive & are 'trusted' to self-isolate. We live in a parody.
If you had told me in January that my 401K would lose 20% of its value in March and our April vacation trip to Australia would be cancelled because some dude in China chewed on a bat....I’d thought you were crazy.
The left are twisting everything they can to blame Boris and Trump for the virus yet never say anything about China, the place who gave us this pandemic. They caused this threat of losing millions of lives and markets crashing yet get a free pass #COVIDー19 #Herd_Immunity
Cuba hasn’t developed an antiviral for #COVIDー19 and China covered up the outbreak for months, arresting the doctors who tried to sound the alarm. This is a pandemic. Take this seriously and stop exploiting it to manufacture pointless propaganda. 
The only solution to #CoronavirusPandemic is cut ties with China #HongKongProtests is actually help a lot for reducing Chinese tourists and contacts with people visiting China, who are mostly pro-CCP people 
Should the #Congress begin an investigation into #China over #COVID19 #coronavirus. @SpeakerPelosi @senatemajldr @SenSchumer @GOPLeader @RepLeeZeldin @LindseyGrahamSC @SenRickScott @marcorubio @SenTedCruz @SenTomCotton @realDonaldTrump @Jim_Jordan @OANN @newsmax
This is crazy! All Liberals bend the knee to China.  …
WATCH as Dr. Fauci lays out the facts: President @realDonaldTrump’s decision to ban travel to & from China and Europe, has saved and will save, American lives. 
Time the world demanded #coronavirus reparations from China.  …
Probably prefer millions dead rather than acknowledge China/Cuba came up with vaccine. Capitalism has to win these battles at all cost & massive profits. China is fast  preeminent economic powerhouse & holder of massive US debt. The axis of evil won’t relish arse kicking  …
I saw vid today that panicked me. Based on results from  out of china, on deaths. The underlining health issues they talk about are Obesity, fatty liver, high blood pressure on meds, heart issues, arthritis, diabetes ect scary stuff. You don’t need to be old....
While China is helping Iran to counter #COVID19, US has kept Iran under the strictest sanctions that denies Iran access the most essential medical supplies. This is cruel and inhuman! #EndIranEmbargo IranChinaItaly
China is a huge problem for the world. China gave us COVID-19, aka Wuhan Pneumonia,aka #JinbuFlu. Decades of Western trade & investment has papered over that problem. All we've done is prop up a police state & a dangerously backwards food-distribution system making the world sick
Please don't ask me to translate this. Trust me, you don't need to know what it's about. #China #WuhanCoronavirus #WuhanVirus #ChinaCoronaVirus 
I Don't think any nation is doing that much efforts to fight #COVID19 what India is doing currently. Evacuating citizens from China,Italy & Iran is not a Joke. Sending Medical Lab by IAF Aircraft to Iran is not a joke. Sending 3 months Medical supply to Madagascar is not a joke.
Just watched Contagion. Amazing how, made in 2011, it predicted a global virus with cough and temperature symptoms which started with bats in China. Many die but ends well with a vaccine. An American doctor saves the day which is perhaps the most unrealistic bit right now!
I don't believe ANYTHING  from the #ChiComs! I vote #propaganda! #China is NOT our friend and #CommunismKills  …
 from the #meatmarket in #wuhan #china and you should know that a lot of  from the meat industry and this cruel and violent places not just kill innocent animals they also kill a lot of people. 
“China could have prevented 95% of coronavirus infections if its measures to contain the outbreak had begun three weeks earlier, new research suggests. However, China only took vigorous action in late January – weeks after police silenced a doctor for trying to raise the alarm.”  …
See this...india will not be able to do even 10% of what China did...the chain of transmission needs to be broken...we r not having the capacity to deal with this if it starts spreading at a larger speed  …
Time for some real news China screwed the world Now they’re blaming United States #FoxAndFriends #Coronavirus #Trump #kAG #SaturdayMorning #SaturdayMotivation #Tcot #Ccot #Trump2020 
When all humans are fighting the pandemic caused by China, CCP is threatening other country with human lives, how ridiculous BTW, her face is terrible, can she just shut off the filter? 
good: taiwan, vietnam, south korea, other asian countries less good and also caused the whole thing: china Bad: italy, germany, US really really bad:  asian countries to asian countries, and control for previous exposure to pandemics  …
When China, an authoritarian regime, is doing more to stop this virus than the United States
do not trust RED china, we must protect our President/Staff at all costs, Red china is  country that slaughtered millions of their own people. could/would they use the wuhan virus as a weapon against the President/staff/our citizenry? Absolutely, FBI are you monitoring
China is indeed beginning their return to normal life as 80% of their virus patients have recovered from the #CoronaVirus  …
Do people across Canada understand just how many flights from China arrive in Vancouver’s airport?  …
When wuhan and other cities in China did it, y’all called it goddamn propaganda. When western countries do it it’s nothing, hello double standards once again.  …
You should have thought of that when the previous admin sold all this research to China. You don't get to blame us for warning you.
here’s an idea: actually send every journalist who’s been shilling for china during this debacle to china. make them stay there if they love it so much.  …
Thanks for sharing your Chinese propaganda, Minister of Fake News. But it’s very clear the virus originated in China based on the fact you all jailed the doctor who tried to tell the world about it, and imprisoned your citizens for daring to speak up and talk about it. Try again.  …
Why are you not suspending flights from China?  …
Absolutely, Joyce!! I had no idea we were this dependent on China for medical supplies! This particular dependence is harming our  & may cause loss of life even due to shortages. #MadeInAmerica
Why aren’t we using our CT scanners to obtain a few slices through the lungs in seconds to evaluate for GGOs, as they were doing in China seeing up to 200 patients per day off 1 Scanner Then sending CT (+) for PCR testing. Please watch: 
The fact the UK govt isn't doing testing (whereas China, Vietnam, S Korea, Singapore etc. are testing en masse) is alone evidence enough of a deliberate eugenics #Torygenocide cull  …
Whoops, misspoke. EIGHT-NINE PER CENT of Italy's Wuhan virus deaths were over the age of 70, not 60. And not sure if we can trust the China #'s, but I think it's pretty well established at this point extremely few people below 30 die from this. 
In a shameful abdication of responsibility, fellow countries in the European Union have failed to give medical assistance and supplies to Italy during an outbreak. China is filling the void. 
MSM praising China for building hospitals "overnight" while shaming US for not keeping up. But US has most ICU beds/capita of any country @20-32/100,000 people. Much higher than China's 2.8-4.6,which is why they had to rush to build more. US also has more than Canada, UK, Sweden
Per JHU, we have topped 153,000 coronavirus cases worldwide. Notably, the roughly 80,000 in China has remained roughly constant as worldwide cases have jumped from 110,000 in the past week. The US has over 2500 confirmed cases and 51 deaths. 
Go to China and open up a black only restaurant. See what they do to you.
#India's government allows #Indo #Tibetan Border Police to create 47 new border outposts & 12 ‘staging camps’ to step up border security with #China The home ministry will also create a sector headquarter & boost manpower & infrastructure on the border  …
people who are racist towards asians don’t deserve to get tested/receive china’s suppplies & enter asian markets to buy food lol i don’t have mercy for u ppl & that’s on periodt
While every other administration did nothing but sell everything from our steel, textiles & technology.. Allowing China to own so much of our country is proving to be disastrous....The pharmaceuticals right now should be a huge red flag.. THANK GOODNESS 4TRUMP 
China is now blaming the United States for the 
Thank you for keeping us well updated, President Trump! And for getting ahead of it by stopping travel from China AND for harnessing the private sector to get it all done! Brilliant! We’re in good hands, America!
Great description of China's strategy to break the chains of transmission. No home isolation, temperature taken everywhere, fever clinics with CT scan then PCR test if have a fever, isolation wards for sick.  …
Isn’t Communism just peachy? Xi takes victory walk around Wuhan. He’s trying to change the narrative & blame Trump and he seems to think he’s some kind of savior.  China’s coronavirus narrative, touts Xi's  despite body count.  …
I’ve repeated this so many times.. China discovered it in early DEC. You don’t find patient zero, so how long did exist b4hand? How many travelers before, during, and after the holidays? It’s here, been here, and fortunately it’s mild enough that we have just learned about it.  …
Italy reported +3497 cases today: that's close to the highest amounts China had ever reported. Highest reported new cases in 24 hours (excl. Chinese 12 Feb and 13 Feb report) 1. China: +3887 (4 Feb) 2. China: +3694 (5 Feb) 3. Italy: +3497 (14 Mar) 4. China: +3399 (7 Feb) 
China has been helping Iran as the country is scrambling to contain the #coronavirus outbreak while pleading for sanctions relief. This is lilely to strengthen Iran’s policy of ‘-Look to the  …
I thought big pharma was the best at finding vaccines for massive profits. It won’t sit well if  up with a Marxist vaccine to save the world ? US might have to declare war against China & Cuba to redress their ego knock  …
Fellow EU member states are abandoning Italy in its hour of need & China is already stepping in to fill the void. (I can think of a few member states that could send Italy the #COVID19 equipment it has appealed for.) Solidarity matters in crises! My piece:  
Let's just keep those flights from  Can't hurt any feelings or offend by closing the boarder. That would be racist. We have a great health care system, but the people pulling the levers in politics that control our borders are massively   …
R.I.P CHINA #Memphis #A322093  …
#COVID19 Treatment Hydroxychloroquine, to improve patient care & decrease the virus propagation Now tested on SARS-CoV-2 positive patients by Pr. Didier Raoult in Marseille France &  in China, South Korea, Saudi Arabia & Iran Paper  
Remember what China looked like before the #Coronavirus? They were protesting for their freedom Then what happened? Do you trust the Chinese? Is this why @9News blocks and doxxes @realDonaldTrump supporters? @TEGNA @FCC 
Cheering for China continues...  …
Who thinks China wants Joe as the President? Who thinks whoever Joe picks as Vice President is actually going to be the President (after he steps down due to dementia)? Who thinks God sent Trump for this exact moment in time? Thank you 
This is the first time I’ve cried since #COVID19 started. Let’s make sure we remember this kindness from China to Italy, ask who we can help, & work to build a more unified culture when this is all over.  …
If you buy "official" Government stories, it's likely you're believing their Coronavirus story. Here's the simplified version: "Some dude in China concocted a bat soup SO POTENT that it ended up collapsing the global economy. THE END. Now, give us your money & your freedom!"
The contagion is silent. People are not staying home. When the symptoms show up, each person has contaminated 3 to 4 people on average. See what China did. Do the same everywhere. Halt travel. Halt leisure. Only essential services remain open.
nah I guarantee you as soon as enough senior GOP officials & Fox news execs are actually sick and/or in danger, they'll immediately declare the virus was made by the Democrats in a lab in China to destroy the GOP & their viewers will 100% forget they ever thought it was a hoax
I'm often asked why I've  "so anti-China." My response is always that I'm not anti-China at all; I still love China and the Chinese people. I'm anti-CCP and two things caused that: #XiJinping and #Xinjiang. Concentration camps do that to some people. 
Lmaooo but all China got was racism and people avoiding their businesses? 
"The [Indian] government has allowed the Indo-Tibetan Border Police to create 47 additional border outposts and 12 ‘staging camps’ to step up vigil along the border with China, officials familiar with the development told ET."  …
U.S. was likely seeded with cases just as quickly as Europe was, but for not as long. It could be that Trump’s China ban actually made a significant difference.
A huge thank you to all medical doctors around the world, those fighting against the #coronavirus pandemic and are forced to face tragic challenges, mainly in #China #Iran #Italia #SouthKorea #Spain #Germany #France #Switzerland #UK and in every corner of this 
We all know Joe Biden wants to wear a hat with China on it.
In China, truck drivers risked infection to bring food to the people of Wuhan. In Iran, videos show doctors in full scrubs and masks dancing to keep spirits up. And in Italy, the gestures of gratitude and music ring out above the vacated streets.  …
Apple to close all stores outside China for two weeks  
China’s brand is going to grow strong out of this.  …
 to all South Africans from Wuhan China!  home. We know you moved from quarantine to quarantine. But you are home now, you will meet your loved ones soon; they await you all with great anticipation. Just two more weeks. Strength to you
I spent weeks pushing this. Right now the answer is we don’t have one. We can produce ventilators but we  parts from other nations (including #China). We need all hands on deck on this now. And moving forward we MUST rebuild our nations industrial capacity.  …
China’s already dealt w the virus and starting to donate testing kits meanwhile Americans are fighting over toilet paper lmfao how the fuck did these people colonize the earth idgi  …
cuba and china are literally trying to save us and the govt is saying no thanks 
Riding out our covid-19 wave by taking a two month vacation in South Korea or China would be... the ultimate flex
#China did not want India to evacuate,students,as that would scare people about China's ability to tackle #coronavirus But on 3rdFeb,323 Indian students were airlifted from #Wuhan;India was the earliest to issue travel advisory against China,well before US,Australia,France,etc!
How much time before the USA shuts down the Canada-US border if #TrudeauWorstPM keeps on wanting NOT to ban international flights from China, Iran and Italy? #trudeaumstgo #trudeaumustresign #trudeauisdone #trudeauworstpm #trudeaumustgo #TrudeauIsNotFitForOffice #COVID19
China,italy,iran etc... you see them shutting down right? Now imagine a country with 40% unemployment in default and 90% of the people have no savings. Medical supplies can’t be imported a gogo unless there’s foreign aid. What will happen to taxi drivers who live day by day?  …
Apple temporarily closing all stores outside of Greater China until March 27th in an effort to stop the spread of 
#Taiwan has largely avoided #Coronavirus devastation. The island, 81 miles from #China, has only 47 cases. Freedom and information sharing allowed Taiwan to contain the virus, while #Communist censorship in China let the outbreak spread like wildfire.  …
#EquatorialGuinea has  the latest African country to confirm a case of #COVIDー19. The lady arrived from Spain. All borders to be closed and flights cancelled for 30 days. Last month the oil-rich country donated $2m to China to help it tackle 
During 2017 doklam issue with China indian us and Japanese aircraft carrier excercise together in bay of bengal #malabar @IndoPac_Info 
Not only is @WorldVisionUSA responding to the #Coronavirus in China where they’ve been distributing masks and other supplies, here in the U.S. they are providing cleaning supplies to teachers, seeking to stop transmission of the virus in their classrooms.  
Watching CNN’s coverage of the Coronavirus Pandemic by CNN, you’d think Trump gave birth to the virus. Yet, XI Jinping is walking freely unruffled & turning the tide against Europe & America with China’s unconscionable sponsored PR. Europe now Coronavirus Epicenter. Too bad.
“Donald Trump, don’t trust China! China is axxhole!” Infamous HK hero protestor.
In China, high speed rail connects the country at speeds over 185 mph. In the US, we have dilapidated railroads, crumbling interstates, and are shackled to dirty fossil fuels. We need massive, green infrastructure updates if we want  in the 21st century.
Ok, time for me to eat a little crow. Grace has been following news about the Coronavirus for two months. Before it dominated the news, she was digging into the reports of a novel disease emerging in China. I remember her warning me, her eyes wide, "This is gonna be bad." ...
ok but where was this energy for china all yall did was put chinese entrepreneurs out of business  …
Yes, Feds arrested several college profs around the country at the same time, all feeding back to China. China is also funneling monies to college on the DL to get this info. Sec. State Pompeo warned US Govs on 2/8/20 about this. (1 of many stories below)  …
As the cheerleaders point to China and say “look coronavirus on the decline!” Videos emerge reportedly from Tongjiang City, Heilongjiang Province China. Man says "Seal off all your cars", while giving tape that read "Sealed on March 13, 2020". 
Infecting the world......there is a link between China and Northern Italy and obviously Northern Italy and the rest of Western Europe etc. Just had to obfuscate for long enough for it to get a foothold.....et voila.
I agree @RealJamesWoods. I believe we need a travel ban for all countries. Canada is still allowing people  in from China. I just wrote about this @HumanEvents.  …
Italy's decision to be the first major European economy to join China's massive investment and infrastructure project, the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), can only exacerbate tensions between Italy and its neighbors. — March 17th 2019  …
Some young kids from China carry the damn firewall with them, like Wechat, Douyin, Weibo, etc. They grew up with these walls around them and lost the ability to look beyond them. This is exactly the reason the Great Firewall of China has to be destroyed.
Singapore, Taiwan and Hong Kong have been able to interrupt the chain of the disease’s transmission. And they have done so without embracing the highly disruptive, drastic measures adopted by China. 
Pandemic should be wake-up call for world that accepted China’s lengthening shadow ovr globl supply chains for far 2 long.Only by reducing CN’s globl econ influence-begining in pharma sector-can world be kept safe from country's pol pathologies.  …
The wonderful videos of flash mobs in #Italy singing in solidarity from balconies during #COVID19 lockdown, sent me searching for videos I was sure came out of #China during quarantine lockdown in Feb. This is #Wuhan: Wuhan Jiayou! Come on 
Communism is incapable of supporting a country. Communism has killed more citizens of  countries than all wars in human history. Communist leaders feel no remorse in jailing or executing their citizens. Did Communist China release the Wuhan Virus to thin the herd
Yesterday, I flew across the US and airports were full with no precautions in place. By day two in China the gov had shut down all flights, trains, highways; told everyone to stay inside; and temp checked people every few blocks & before they could enter public areas or markets.
 government of China is predominantly responsible for the epidemic because they chose to deploy censorship for over a month instead of acknowledging the virus existed. Tech censorship, like the kind you promote, specifically.
Say it louder, for the people in the back: TRUMP WAS SPOT ON ABOUT CHINA.
For China, the intentional spread of disinformation about the outbreak is as much about casting its response as superior to America's as it is about defending its reputation at home. 
Trudeau was in Costa Rica on vacay growing a beard when the Iranians shot down a passenger plane with 60 canadians in it. Allowed domestic terrorists to set fire to railways and refused to let the RCMP get involved. Refuses to STOP  in from China.  …
As long as Italy buys the F-35 for 15 billion $. Meanwhile it's #China which is really helping the country.  …
Someone from China Global News (which is the propaganda arm of the Chinese Communists) attempted to gain entry to the White House press briefing while running a fever. Why would anyone risk the lives of other journalists by showing up sick to work during a pandemic?  …
Shakira — Chantaje (648M) 2016 Karol G — China (600M) 2019 Both are the only Female Latin Music Artists to have a song with over 600 Million Streams on Spotify. 
Jim O' Neill, the former Goldman chief economist said, there’s no way India could react in the way China has.  …
15 minutes! New rapid test strips for #coronavirus have been developed by  in Hefei, China. #FightVirus More power to Chinese brothers 
I want them to do this exact formation when they drop the H-Bombs on China  …
China gave us months to prepare. Italy gave us weeks to prepare. How did the “richest, most powerful, most advanced” nation in the world fall so far behind in dealing with this virus? 
And after causing a few months of total economic downfall it succeeded in killing around 3000 people in China. Yes, you are right, genius.
#COVID19 new infections decreasing for 3rd consecutive day in Korea. China, S'pore all showing it can be done:  … In Germany, went for a stroll this afternoon...the cafes that were still open crowded, people laughing out loud...
#NewYork officials on Saturday reported the 1st death in the state from the #Coronavirus that started in #China last year. The patient was described as an 82-year-old woman who also had emphysema, a lung condition that causes shortness of breath.  …
Between the three of them, China, Italy and Iran have 74.37% of all coronavirus cases worldwide They also have 90.39% of all deaths from coronavirus worldwide
To be fair to Trump I don’t think anyone could have stopped this. He didn’t have the best process but almost every other country will go through the same thing as us. China had a leg up because of past viruses and planning.
DHS data finds that Chinese nationals are continuing to arrive at the southern border, with about six being apprehended within the last couple of days. There are now close to 81,000 confirmed cases of the coronavirus in China and 3,180 deaths. 
"Seal off all your cars", says man while giving out seal tapes that read "Sealed on Mar. 13, 2020". At Tongjiang City, #Heilongjiang Province #China. Looks like they are sealing off taxies. No new cases? #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
CHINA Knew......... Why isn't CNN reporting this on their TV News station especially since they did this report? 
The Chinese soccer team that was originally stuck in Spain because of the coronavirus outbreak is going back home to try to avoid its rapid spread in Europe, via 
*YOU HAVE BEEN SAYING EVERYTHING FROM CHINA IS FAKE ; TRY CORONA VIRUS AND SEE IF IT'S FAKE TOO* #COVIDー19 #copied
If this is true, which I believe is true, then a catastrophe is awaiting in TN. Nothing less. As I read about how China went about its strategy, i m convinced we will not even measure up to its ankles. This is not a happy situation!  …
Actually though, while in the US everything China does is portrayed as bad (even if it is actually good), I think elsewhere in the world China’s achieving a real soft power victory, among other things, while the Anglo states are like chickens with their heads cut off
Because President Trump has revealed the swamp, we just didn’t know how deep it was, now we must work our way out of China and bring our medicine and jobs back home. The World needs to hold the Chinese Government accountable for hiding this virus they are not our friend.
Getting more and more sure this guy is one of those white Sikhs, so I'm now laughing imagining a turbaned white guy telling Chinese Americans to "go back to China"  …
If you wanna go off the videos that  out of China and Iran, it's possible it has. You can see Iran's mass graves on satellite imagery as well.
It's bait & switch time, friends. If "world" wanted 2 stop #ChineseCoronaVirus rather than kill some of us for "greater good" (sink Trump, economy & return 2 globalist normal), "world" wd, for ex, halt China/Euro flights, Dems wd support @realDonaldTrump's wall, travels bans, etc
Then maybe he should tell his masters to stop singling out China  …
Sooo let me get this straight. This virus targets older people, people with pre existing conditions and also reduces fertility rates. It just happens to solve every single demographic problem China was having?
#NEW: CEO Tim Cook says Apple is closing all its retail stores outside China until March 27 in order to protect workers and help stop the spread of the coronavirus illness COVID-19.  is also pledging $15M to help with the worldwide pandemic response.
Cases are skyrocketing in Europe. I have a feeling Europe is going to be worse-off than China in the long run.
Anyone ready to admit yet that China's official numbers were hogwash?  …
Are you not worried about your master country China? Cases: :Deaths World :154,180 : 5,798 China : 80824 : 3189 India : 97: 2 Indian Ministry of Health is  job do not create panic unnecessarily! #CoronaVirusUpdates
Let’s not forget that, on February 5th Pelosi ripped speech papers and Schumer was critical of China flight restrictions
Closing the gap to China.  …
For better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health. This couple is fighting the #coronavirus side by side in #Wuhan, China 
Biggest daily increase in cases country-based so far (discounting the day when China changed counting). On the bright side: There was also a considerable increase in recoveries  …
It's a disgrace that @UN_Women is so afraid of offending China that the so-called international organization doesn't dare include Taiwan and Taiwan's president Tsai Ing-wen in the list of women presidents in the world. Shame! Do better!  …
Italy fatalities will surpass that of China it seems like. Tragic.  …
The US is extending its European travel ban to the UK and Ireland. The red lines on this graph are countries that had travel bans from China. 
#China does not permit the unrestricted airing of Western television programing, so why do Western nations give unrestricted access to China's programing? #Canada #CGTN  …
A good overview on the extent of measures used by China in its response to coronavirus  …
Irony alert: the US will develop the coronavirus vaccine but we will be getting millions and millions of doses from China because we lack the production capacity here. Excellent explainer from #DrJonathanMoreno & @weinbergersa  …
We can see #Trump's campaign strategy taking shape. There's a reason they're all repeating the same talking pt about 'early China travel ban'. Like everything else, the spin, to cover up massive #CoronaVirus lies/failures, will be "it would've been SO much worse" if not for him
Doctors from China & Cuba are in Europe, Latin America & Africa helping countries fight Coronavirus, putting themselves at risk. Next time you see sensationalised headlines & biased stories from the US about  dictatorships’, remember who helped—& who didn’t.  …
Watch this video, how all of them called it the China Wuhan Coronavirus Now they are calling Trumps travel Ban racist! You people talk out of both sides of your heads. The hatred for @realDonaldTrump you people have make you all look 
#Italy. Close to 3500 new #COVID19 #Coronavirus cases and 175 deaths in ONE day. This is the 5th day in a row that Italy has reported higher number of deaths per day than China at its peak. 
Analysis: Before the White House and Trump allies blamed China for coronavirus, Trump vouched for China -- repeatedly 
Trump and Pence keep talking about the Jan. 31 restriction on visitors from China like it was a great big deal. The disease was ALREADY spreading  here by that point. That was why actual health experts were alarmed by the federal government's inaction then.
I hope Trump doesn’t catch Corona because: - if it kills him, our government will bomb a bunch of civilians in China - if it doesn’t kill him, televangelists will start actively folding him into the godhead
Hi. Maybe you are feeling anxious right now and could use extra hope. I'm right there too, and have been for months. (I live in China when I'm not displaced, so have been feeling it all & facing so many small & big cancellations.) Right now is a good time for stories of kindness.
Pretty ironic that Asians in the US have been experiencing so much hatred and racism yet Monterey Park and China Town (who have the most Chinese residents in the US) have not had 1 case of the coronavirus. Check your racism.
Hospitals in China are reporting their experiences with hundreds of coronavirus patients so far. 
Dr. Fauci said death rates "10 times higher than flu." Really?  South Korea is 0.06%? Lower than 1% of normal flu. Why didn't he mention that? Because they have first class healthcare system. China, Italy & Iran have 3rd world healthcare systems. So do we!
Do you see what’s unraveling before our eyes? If you have eyes you can see it. It’s all unraveling before us. It’s the beginning of the end of an era. And our generation is witnessing it. Clue: Italy has received a plane full of medical help from China. EU is useless.  …
COVID-19 has shown us to rival paths for humanity. We have the capitalist US, in which personal greed hinders crises relief in the name of personal freedom. And then socialist China which put the people at the forefront, sparing no expense.
As you can see it's legal to burn animals alive in China. This isn't just an isolated case... 
From the Editorial Board:  must stop profiting from China’s crimes against humanity 
Perhaps MSM should be wearing 'Made In China' (or PAID BY China) hats when delivering their reports- since much of their rhetoric echoes that of CCP official anti-American propaganda, and is equally aimed at weakening American leadership. These cynical hacks are disgusting.
all of africa closing borders to europeans. mexico closing borders to america. china recovering and sending out aid to italy. ummm guys? this IS the world resetting. EVERYTHING HAS REVERSED.
No, Dean Koontz’s 1981 novel did not ‘predict’ coronavirus emerging from China. But this fake claim is viral on Facebook an WhatsApp. Here is @AltNews fact check  …  …
Cuban doctors have discovered an antiviral for #COVID19 and are collaborating with China, Italy, and Venezuela. 
Italy : 292.1 Norway : 194.1 Switzerland : 158.9 S. Korea : 157.7 Iran : 151.5 Denmark : 142.8 Spain : 129.2 Bahrain : 124.0 Qatar : 117.0 Sweden : 94.4 Belgium : 59.4 China : 56.2 France : 56.1 Netherlands : 56.0 Germany : 49.9 India : 0.1 #COVID cases per 1M population
Trump on Feb. 22: “We have it totally under control. It’s one  in from China. We have it under control. It’s going to be just fine.” Trump today: “I’ve been urgent, this is urgent, right from the beginning.”
Juice WRLD’s highest charting songs on the Billboard Hot 100: #2 Lucid Dreams #3 Godzilla #10 Bandit #26 Fine China #27 Robbery #29 Legends #38 Hear Me Calling #38 PTSD #41 All Girls Are The Same #41 Empty #44 Armed And Dangerous #47 Fast #55 1400/999 Freestyle #56 Hate Me
I am 100% sure school closings will continue onwards after April 3. Most Americans aren’t taking this seriously with their “bro it’s just a flu.” USA will get fucked harder than China by the coronavirus if people don’t get their shit together.
As we look at what happened in China, and what's happening now in Italy, it's easy to adopt a fatalistic attitude that "there's nothing we can do, we're all going to get it anyway." This could not be further from the truth | Analysis 
I want to talk with the 60,000 that recovered in China. See how they really are.
My Friends sister came back from China 25 days ago She is getting calls daily from Chennai GH and Kanchipuram GH checking her about her health. Truely they are ensuing no stones left unturned and as individuals we need to act as per advice.
. @CDCgov . @WHO . @CDC_eHealth . @CDCDirector . @CDCemergency #CancelAnimalAg #FactoryFarms are a #BreedingGround for #Disease #COVID19 Started in a #WildAnimal Market In #China #China Has #Banned These #Markets The #USA & All #Countries Should  … 
Do you know what universal healthcare is doing in Italy right now? The government and doctors are literally deciding who lives and who dies or even gets treatment, and refusing older patients positive for corona virus. China hid so much initial data no country was prepared
Apple staff to switch to remote working where possible; closing all stores worldwide outside Greater China  …
“Chinese owned”? No, CGTN is a propaganda channel, formerly called CCTV-9. It reports directly to the Publicity Department of the Communist Party of China. That’s not a journalist, that’s a Chinese government agent, trying to bring his fever into the White House. Deport. Now.  …
This is frightening. MA woman infected for at least two weeks, cannot get tested or treated here, flies to China, gets tested, immediately admitted to hospital.  …
4) Taiwan started random checks , stocked up pharmacies with drugs and masks ( later they rationed masks to avoid hoarding ) 5) Resulting in only 43 infections. This is big because they have hundreds of flights into China. TAIWAN DOES NOT TRUST CCP, NEITHER SHOULD WE.
*faints* ALSO CHINA NUMBERS WERE BULLSHIT ALL ALONG DON'T TRUST THE COMMUNIST NUMBERS!!!  …
Makes you think what the real China numbers are
Exactly, because they need to hide their crime of biowarfare, they need to hide that they are the deadly disease of human world. So they need to blame someone, play blame game as usual.If people are not fool should call this virus “China virus” instead of Corona or Covid19  …
China and N_ZI's. WWII never ended, [they] just partnered with China. #TheGreatAwakening was the foundation to allow US MIL to stabilize the populations, remove the power of the [DS] weapons of Propaganda and then under cover of Corona V remove [them] forever.  …
4 goods things in these gloomy atmosphere GOI saved RS 3.4L cr due to decrease in fuel rate Hawala trade thro  stopped. Rs 89K cr saved. Trade deficit likely to narrow Int rate cut possible Domestic industry will be encouraged, no dependence on others
Synced w/ family in Pakistan on virus: - Imported testing from China - Preemptively closed schools - No public events like weddings! - Hospitals adding separated wards - Army involved at Iran border All of this at 31 confirmed cases. Surprisingly good response by
Mainland China, HongKong, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, Singapore, Vietnam controlled the COVID-19 virus. Cann't you see  We all use Chopsticks! Not about democratic or authoritarian shit Chopsticks culture defeats virus!
The Coronavirus near-certainly originated in wildlife, say scientists. Take that, conspiracy theorists in China, Iran, the US and anywhere else.  …
The reason the US has spent decades pushing extreme propaganda against China (and Iran & Cuba) is because the US views the existence of socialist nations as inherent threats to US capitalist liberal democracy that they keep trying to convince people is the best in the world.
110 evacuees from #China leave quarantine facility after tested negative for #coronavirus.  
Satellite imagery caught the USS Theodore Roosevelt doing a high-speed u-turn maneuver during a likely exercise. Despite #coronavirus, US Naval operations are continuing in the #SouthChinaSea. #China #USNavy @TheWarMonitor @Natsecjeff @AndrewSErickson 
China successfully erected a hospital within ten days to counter Corona virus. The efficiency of Chinese engineers is worth appreciation. Let us not forget to remember another civil engineer Osama Bin Laden who was mercilessly killed by USA. Reporting Sagarika style
We also can't say she did. We do not have those facts. This is a story about a failure of the US system, and what China is getting right. Not a trolley problem set-up.
And Canada may be next since Trudeau allowing flights in from China without proper screening plus Despite the  from Trudeau,Blair and Hajdu its been confirmed by media not bought off by PMO  …
So I guess we’re just going to pretend that China didn’t launch a biochemical weapon on the world... right?
Vatican should end its deal with China, say Catholics  
[Recap] Hong Kong protesters are human rights defenders, not rioters  … #HongKong #HongKongProtests #antiELABhk #antiELAB #China 
Someone needs to advise Profit Owuor that the internet is a tricky place to be. The internet never forgets. See how he edited his ambiguous #covid19kenya 'prophecy' from India, a specific country, to Asia, a continent, to cater for China. 
China is flipping the table on the United States saying that the U.S. is to blame for the Coronavirus. @SenTomCotton reacts, tonight. #FoxNews 8pm 
Thank you #China for sending medicines, sprays and 12,000 test kits to fight #CoronaVirus in 
The United States spends $10,209 per capita on healthcare. Vietnam spends $170. Each country has tested about the same amount per capita. Vietnam neighbors China and has 53 confirmed cases. Zero deaths. We are across an ocean and have 2345 confirmed cases. 50+ Deaths.
Snakes eaten not in China only- In US, a dish called Southern Fried Rattlesnake, in Vietnam, some eat raw heart of cobra. 'Weirdest' food everywhere-Surstromming in Sweden, Tequila worm in Mexico, frog in France, guinea pig in S. America, Bushmeat in Africa, Balut in Philippines.
Coronavirus originated in Wuhan, China, in late December and has quickly spread worldwide, including throughout the United States.  
It's extraordinary to me how China is working to turn its bungled and initially secretive response to #coronavirus into a propaganda win over democracies...unfortunately we keep feeding them more material to work with...
C - China O - Originating V - Virus I - In D - December 19 - 2019 China's weapon of mass destruction. #ChinaVirus 
I hve jct seen the news on NTV that they are going to stop shipment of wigs, nails, eyelashes from china.Hohoho we are about to see the real pipo on the streets
This is insane. A woman in MA couldn’t get a test or treatment for coronavirus here so she flew back to China, where she and her family are now receiving care.  …
Sample size of novel corona is 3 month - max 120-150 days. We do not have enough of a sample to run a theoretical experiment on the population. Why is it hard to aggressively test, go on lock down and contain the damn thing ? China, Singapore, South Korea have done it.
Azar: "The CDC invented a test within two weeks of China posting the genetic sequence.” 
Plz send @Dr_Uditraj to China to check caste of Corona . RT if agree .  …
when my grandkids learn about the coronavirus of 2020 in their history class in like 2075, they’ll be like, “WHAT. A toilet paper shortage?!” China quarantined the sick. Italy quarantined their whole country. What did Americans do? Buy toilet paper. So much to cause an outage.
These labs are public state entities bc in China these industries are nationalized unlike the US where medical research is run by private corps. This is why China can give tests for free. Bc the state, not  owns the means of production.  …
China’s population (1.4 billion) is 189 times bigger than Arizona’s population (7.4 million), yet Arizona is projected to have roughly the same amount of Corona virus infections as China.
This short video is based on true events and shows how China tackled the deadly coronavirus and cured patients like Han (pseudonym) and his father. As the epidemic spreads around the globe, only by cooperating with each other can we defeat  enemy — COVID-19. 
China has sent Italy 31 tonnes of medical supplies including masks and respirators. It has also sent a team of doctors. Germany has refused to send any help. That ‘s what European solidarity amounts to.
Here’s a timeline of  and actions on Covid 19 from January 22 to March 13, a thread: January 22: “We have it totally under control. It’s one  in from China. It’s going to be just fine.” February 2: “We pretty much shut it  in from China.”
This is how #China's #CCP regime treats #coronavirus And it has spread into a global pandemic Not sure why #WHO continues to praise #XiJinping's gangster  …
Anyone who says China handled the wuflu properly is a r-tard. End of story.
China and Cuba out here helping each other and other  this virus. Meanwhile, this is the US gov’t while more Americans contract 
Fauci: Pretending we will follow China's downturn BECAUSE of all Trump is doing? CHINA TESTED. CHINA has GOOD tests. We have NO good tests yet and are NOT testing. Fauci has no idea yet WHO/How many are infected. STOP Praising trump. Gun to his head?
China reportedly has 11 new cases in the past day. Hard to tell if they’re just covering up numbers or if their aggressive quarantines are actually working. Or both.
A month ago @realDonaldTrump stopped all air travel to and from China.. The Media called him Racist for doing it... When will the Fake News get it..
Meanwhile Trudeau is letting flights direct from China into Canada and his wife has the Coronavirus..
Question to Dr. Fauci: what is the reason that China has had reduction in number of new cases...
BREAKING: ALL TRAVEL from the UK and Ireland stops on Monday as well. So China, Europe and the UK/Ireland - they are all stopped now. Great decision again by the Trump administration, the current UK #coronavirus policy is a disaster. #AmericaFirst
TRUTH OR PROPAGANDA? China Releases Video of Wuhan Medical Workers Celebrating End of Coronavirus Outbreak (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
Africa's global links, not direct travel to and from China, is most important factor behind COVID-19's spread across the continent. Here’s a thread
China is currently being demonized by the American conservative media. Yet this is the best example of a country that handled the outbreak decisively. 
Do you know why there’s so much press coverage right now because we have a. POTUS That was calling it a democrat Hoax for 2 1/2 months as tens of thousands were being diagnosed with it in China and thousands were dying.
You WELDED those Wuhan People Into their homes. You forcibly evicted them and put them in hastily built hotels which collapsed killing 29 People. Fuck China Fuck Communism. #ChinaVirus  …
#CCP police working very hard to "treat" someone in front of the Emergency Room of a hospital in #China. Not sure why and when, but surely during #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronavirusPandemic #coronaviruschina 
I agree that it is no use and logic blaming China now but here’s the biggest signal that the West will remain mum post all this passes and China will go on as usual.  …
The reason China defeated COVID-19 is bc their medical system is STATE RUN & NATIONALIZED, so every doctor is employed by the state and every hospital & mask/supply factory is state-owned. This why China can produce & distribute healthcare & resources for FREE. This is SOCIALISM.  …
US National Security Adviser BLASTS China, Says They Covered Up Outbreak of New Coronavirus  …
Fourth–not just elderly that die from COVID. Risks highest in 70s+80s, but in China, elsewhere, people in 60s, 50s, 40s 30s have also died from this disease, even if at much lower rates with decreasing age. Having millions get sick at once will lead to deaths in those ages 24/x
Better than government. China pretended the virus didn't exist for more than a month. They are socialists.
Anyone know if tied to Thermo Fisher? Trump is heavily invested : to expand its molecular diagnostics portfolio with a new SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus test under evaluation in China, by agreeing to acquire their developer QIAGEN for approximately $11.5 billion cash
About 3 weeks ago, I told a few friends irl that they might want to get ahead of the crowd because of “that virus over there in China”. They looked at me like I was building a 5000 foot ark in my backyard.  …
9. India has provided 15 tonnes of medical  masks, gloves and other emergency medical equipment to China. #COVID19India
How is India Fighting COVID-19: 1. Firstly, despite sharing a border of 3,488 kilometres with China, India has only reported 78 cases and 1  that with 596 cases and 8 deaths in the UK. #COVID19India
Ghost discovers the source of the #coronapocalypse #COVID19 It’s as bad as boo would think. #collusion with China. 
China angry over coronavirus cartoon in Danish newspaper  … This is the same paper that published the Mohammed cartoons. Any American papers have the stones to do 
El gobierno de China "desapareciendo" gente? yeah what else is new  …
This is what we call HUMANITY. Again China have proved that they are able to get up again after falling into a deep darkest hole and slowly climbing up reaching to the sky, smile proudly. Japan and China have shown us that Humanity is beyond hatred, humanity is all we HAVE LEFT.  …
As US continues to bomb #Iraq when it sees fit, #China sends team to help contain #coronavirus. China also sends medical supplies to #Iran, which continues to be crushed under US sanctions. But remember, we bomb & sanction for human rights & freedom. We are benevolent  …
Since when did Trudeau and his foreign minister start using Communist China’s propaganda terminology, referring to Taiwan as part of “Greater China”? See below: 
AGAIN THIS MORON TRUMP CONTINUES TO PAT HIMSELF ON THE BACK FOR BANNING TRAVEL TO CHINA...THE VIRUS IS HERE FOR FUCK’S SAKE!! HOW CAN YOU FIT THIS MUCH STUPID IN ONE HUMAN BEING?! HE CAN’T UNDERSTAND NOT SHAKING HANDS!!! KEEPS TOUTING “FANTASTIC” JOB...US IS FAILING IN RESPONSE!
Italy - lockdown America - lockdown Denmark - lockdown China - lockdown Iran - lockdown Malaysia - just wash your hand , and get special price for flight to korea and japan. :) #LockDownMalaysia
US President Donald Trump: As of now, we have 50 deaths due to #Coronavirus. We want to keep that number as low as possible. It came out of China, but it is nobody's fault. Nobody expected it. We all will solve this problem well. 
Good to see some optimistic work and reports - Excellent report @TheEconomist  … on this - Tocilizumab has been approved for #Covid19 in China 
Not even “conservatives”. I get better news from @OANN , @Timcast and @Styx666Official than I do from watching the MSM. I was able to slowly gather resources since January bc the independent media covered China fairly and were informing me instead of feeding me a #TDS narrative.
Why isn’t the largest single day point gain in stock market history a major story? When stocks were falling due to China Virus, the media declared it “the end of the Trump presidency” So why don’t they report on this historic rally? RT so they can’t ignore it anymore!
This diaspora has been in China for New Year and had retuned at the height of the Coronavirus infection rates. They went back to work in Veneto, Lombardy and Prato, making Italian rates increase 100x that of normal transmission figures globally.2/
Sailormoon would like to KO this demon. #ChinaVirus #WuhanVirus 
In response to Apple closing all of its stores globally (outside of China), President Trump said "it's fine...it's good," and suggests that other retailers should think about doing the same.
China report says human rights situation deteriorating in U.S.  …
So...you can see that China was lying to the whole world,and all of us understated the effects on the Cornavirus. Therefore,never trust the Chinese officials information.  #ChinaIsAsshoe #coronavirus 
52 days ago, CNBC: JOE KERNEN: Have you been briefed by the CDC? Are there worries about a pandemic at this point? PRESIDENT TRUMP: No. Not at all. And we have it totally under control. It's 1  from China, and we have it under control. It's—going to be just fine...
Does this mean that you’ve blocked  in from China and Iran, and that you’re stopping the flow of illegal immigrants to our country?? No? I thought not.
I hate how in the US we could never have quarantine singalongs or jam sessions like Italy or China because someone would just call the cops for disturbing the peace. :(
Good to see contacts of ours in China going back to work (Hubei 3 days a week). A moment of positivity as the rest of the world enters and navigates the tunnel.
Apple to close all stores outside of China until March 27 in response to coronavirus  …
The US cant do full lockdown that occurred in Wuhan. People need to be able to take care of themselves and their families. But we can do many of the other things China did, as well as the other countries that have had success so far in slowing this disease down. 14/x
2 y/o girl starved to death at #Xiaogan #Hubei #China. Parents divorced. Living with mom. Mom has mental problems, doesn't cook, went out to grab food. Chased by police  workers. Then they found girl already dead perhaps for more than 10 days. Body already deposed. 
I bet we have more than a hundred cases by now, but some people haven’t gotten tested because they didn’t travel to Europe/ China. But it’s because of contact with the people that did.
Europe  the Epicenter of Coronavirus Outbreaks, Passing China  …
This chart from @jburnmurdoch shows some of those remarkable trends in Asia. Taiwan not included in it probably because at 53 cases it is below the lower threshold, despite being geographically so close to China. 12/x 
Started reading...China's People's Daily Newspaper...  …
My god, he’s ad libbing and bullshitting about how great everything is going. “Something that nobody expected… came out of China!” Everyone expected this six weeks ago.
India quietly sent a C 17 full of aid to China, an unfriendly (if not hostile) country. While chinese are on full scale PR when the entire blame for this crisis should fall on them.  …
Excerpts from this book just confirms the conspiracy behind Corona Virus, that’s why China seemed so prepared, disinfecting whole cities, containing the pandemic in few days with the last patient bn cured hmmm 
1- China 2- Turkey 3- Indonesia 4- Germany True global megastar @aamir_khan LONG LIVE AAMIR 
The implicit and cavalier assumption that COVID 19 was a problem in China but would not be a problem in the west because our institutions and society were "stronger" and "better", that we were "better", was racist and will kill people.
1942 :: Dr. Dwarkanath Kotnis Was Indian Doctor Who Died In China Serving Chinese People 
I warned for WEEKS of the acceleration of #coronavirus spread in the U.S. throughout March. Officials *must* act NOW, or we will face a fate similar to #Italy, #China, or even worse.... #CoronavirusPandemic #CoronaVirusUpdates  …
The coronavirus was closing schools in China more than a month ago. A teacher who was in the thick of it passes on best practices for online learning.  …
We also need national data management system that gives us way to aggregate all the clinical information for all US COVID cases. China has been able to do that with incredible speed and efficiency. 8/x
China is looking like a geopolitical giant and the US like a dwarf in this #Coronavirus crisis. While the rising global power has controlled the situation and is assisting other countries, the declining one is not showing any international leadership on this.
China is now blaming the U.S. for the coronavirus  #OANN @JackPosobiec
Chinas  endangered the world US corporations need 2 have hard look at supply chain locations going forward I know this would not be easy given Chinese ports are unmatched BUT being so embedded with China is not worth the risk when other nations are ready & willing
Stop using the term "Greater China" - it wipes Taiwanese independence off the map. Stop bending the knee to the Chinese Communist Party.  …
India's outreach in SAARC on #CoronaOutbreak Evacuation from China/Japan China (Wuhan) --9 Maldivians --23 Bangaldeshis Diamond Princesses (Japan) --1 Nepali --2 Sri Lankas --Medical supplies to Maldives --Technical Support to Bhutan, Afghanistan 
China sent medical supplies and health experts to Italy, while the US unilaterally shut down European travel. Now, China is sending health resources to Iraq, while the US is actively bombing the region. History is written by the victors, and America isn’t even in the arena.  …
China sends health experts to Iraq during the coronavirus pandemic. The only thing the US exported to Iraq is bombs.  …
Governors should focus on industrialization to reduce unemployment in their states. In 2017, Ondo state went to China and made a deal for import substitution. Today we have these new paper mill, wood, ethanol and other industries cutting down on imports,while employing thousands. 
. @WSJ journos were packed away from #China,because they wrote a piece titled "China is The Real Sick Man of Asia" #WallStreetJournal scurried away& #WesternMedia has the gall to #fear monger on #India,which has done a stellar job under @narendramodi,on the  …
Media not playing this right - this is a betrayal by the White House. If this is happening there, shouldn't it be happening across US at every govt building, military installation, etc? WTF is the guidance here people? Temp checks were essential tool in China. Why not here?  …
Maybe the departures are. But I see five arriving flights from China today alone:   …
Amazing #China  …
. @VP set to announce new travel restrictions on UK and Ireland in a matter of minutes — US, airline sources (They will mirror the other 212f restrictions imposed on continental Europe + China)
“The outbreak…has led the Italian government to reassess its approach to China” The worsening #CoronavirusOutbreak in #Italy has led its government to re-evaluate its relationship with #Beijing and align more with #WashingtonDC, said an  …
Adrenachrom from China Lab (children blood). Bad batch. On purpose.
crazy anecdote here about a Chinese worker living in Massachusetts who got infected with coronavirus, literally couldn’t get tested in America, so they flew back to China to get treatment  …
"Greater China"? Fuck off.  …
Very important information regarding #CronaVirus .. An email from Dean of IIT Jammu. His nephew in China and studying the nature of virus. 
The US drops bombs on Iraq and kills Iraqis while China sends health experts to try to contain the coronavirus Remind me again which country is actually a rogue state  …
Govt of India is doing everything to protect Indians from China Virus. It's up to the people to shed their arrogance and cooperate.  …
TRUTH OR PROPAGANDA? China Releases Video of Wuhan Medical Workers Celebrating End of Coronavirus Outbreak (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
#China and #Russia are meddling in Canadian affairs, a #NationalSecurity-and-intelligence watchdog says in a new report that cites evidence of “significant and sustained” foreign interference directed at  …
I've been single for 2 yrs. not cos of my personality but cos my job has taken me to Kazakhstan (12 m/th) Qatar (2 m/th) Saudi (6 m/th) & now China 9 months ongoing. Im in a relationship with XRP ultimately But that does make me sad. Joining tinder for the 1st time soon. 
Solidarity is a beautiful thing, At noon today across Italy, people went to their windows to applaud the doctors and nurses fighting on the front lines against the coronavirus. Italy has the highest number of COVID-19 deaths outside China. h/t  …
Lewis' message to teamlh China: "I hope you are all staying safe out there. Sad to not get to see you all in China but my prayers and thoughts are with you all " 
China and South Korea did that, so they are now world leaders in fighting Corona. The US failed and fails to do such coordination because its dominant ideology prioritizes capitalists' profit. 2/2
My boy is a dentist & said his Chinese supplier wont sell him any gloves or masks right now. Not that theyre out but theyre keeping them for China. This is really the problem w/ letting all manufacturing happen outside your country. You dont make shit to have it when u need it
Let me get this straight... China: Creates, Hides & Spreads the #Covid_19 Now China rich man wants to Donate Tests & Masks!..Why? Is China feeling the GUILT from their #coronapocalypse? Can #USA TRUST the HELP? I refuse to believe 
Cuba did not develop a new antiviral that beats COVID-19. It's an antiviral that's been around for a while & it's one of the spectrum of antivirals being used in China. Yes, it's absurd there's a drug doctors are trying that we can't have bc of the blockade but let's be accurate.
Using “Greater China” to include Hong Kong and Taiwan, to avoid pissing off  government in an announcement about fallout from a pandemic caused by  government. Cool, cool.  …
Somehow I want these people to get real during a pandemic !!!! India has been successful in curbing China Virus. If India does not help her neighbors there will be a permanent lock down. Stop cheap politicking during a pandemic. Sick of their lies.  …
#China may have prevented 95% of #coronavirus cases if it enacted measures after silenced whistleblower’s warning, research from the University of Southampton suggests A very good read #WuhanVirus #WuhanCoronavirus #ChinaVirus  …
Re: Canada @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @VP @Mike_Pence @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner "TRUDEAU REFUSES TO CANCEL DIRECT FLIGHTS FROM CHINA. TODAY PLANES LANDED FROM SHANGHAI, CHENGDU, HONG KONG, BEIJING AND OTHER CITIES..."  
Very cool, Tim Apple. Nice you'll be paying hourly workers. Will you pay the uighur slave labor apple used when coronavirus broke out in China?  …
You mean #CCP wants 2 defend Comrade Director-General @DrTedros of @WHO, who is responsible 4 #WuhanCoronavirus  a pandemic & killing >2,350 victims outside China globally. 475,720 people have already signed a petition 4 his resignation. SIGN IT!  …  
Royal Caribbean suspends its global cruise line operations until April 11th. I’m old enough to remember when the second largest outbreak of #coronavirus outside of China was on board a Diamond Princess ship.
#Dogs and #Cats can't pass on #coronavirus, but can test positive. #CoronaVirusUpdates #COVIDー19 SO STOP KILLING THEM #CHINA!!! #DogsofTwitter  …
Americans when coronavirus hit China: This is an ultra-deadly SUPERBUG killing MILLIONS. This will toppled the government!!! Americans when coronavirus hit the US: Woah now let's not overreact. It's just the flu. You don't need healthcare for that.
We are hearing all about #Italy but total silence about #Iran regarding corona virus, am I the only one thinking this level of silence is weird?! These are the two countries outside of China most affected, so far. Silence can be golden, or something darker...hope it is the first!
The whole world is watching you! #China #ChinaVirus 
Guys I found out that this guy literally helped china hide the fact the virus was spreading in january , so pls armys don't support this tweet just ignore it #iHeartAwards #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo 
Coronavirus is holding the world to ransom. China needs to end its wet markets. They’re unhealthy and brutally cruel to animals. Enough is enough.
Apple Closing All Stores Outside China for 2 Weeks  …
China, governed by the  party in the world. Is it not the criminal USA and its criminal friends of NATO who tell us that  are evil?  …
Noon #covid19Canada updates: • 22 new cases in Ontario, bringing total to 101 • Mirvish theatres will suspend all performances • Kijiji bans sales of sanitizers, toilet paper, face masks • Apple closes all retail stores outside China for 2 weeks • NYC reports first death
What he failed to say is his buddy Trump’s  played the major role in all of this! Trump knew in January that China had the Coronavirus & when interviewed said there was no way it would get here. #TrumpLiesMatter #VoteBlueToEndThisNightmare2020
China is 100% responsible for every infection & death, due to their deliberate negligence & lies. Wish the world shuns their aid & calls for punishing the Commies instead. Can't spare them for terr0rising the whole world! #WuhanVirus 
 to hear that a quarantine in the US wouldn't work like in China bc "we're a democracy" or whatever but Chinese citizens weren't quarantined against their will. Even western reporters admitted that the overwhelming majority of Wuhan supported the quarantine.
"As Dr. Dena Grayson, a medical researcher said: 'You can’t spin death.' The doctor is right; it’s hard to spin death, as much as @realDonaldTrump may try to lay the blame for the crisis elsewhere: on Europe, on China, on former President  …
We have a real life experiment in Viral control going on... 1. UK- "Herd immunity" and 'nudging- slow to cancel 2. China- Mass Control and tons of testing 3. US- A mishmash of who knows what... History will be the judge, but a wrong bet could cost a ton of lives...
Many years ago, I argued that if cuisines from India, China, Japan, Middle East, etc. are "ethnic" then why not also Italian, French, etc? If Indian music in US academics is officially classified as ETHNO-MUSICOLOGY, then are Mozart & Beethoven "German Ethnic Music"?
Italy - lockdown America - lockdown Denmark - lockdown China - lockdown Iran - lockdown Indonesia - Just wash your hand , and get special price for domestic flight. Libur nasional jadi 14 hari #IndonesiaButuhPemimpin
Nevertheless, we still estimate that #COVID19 is doubling every 3.5 days outside of mainland China. While I strongly suspect this is an artifact of testing rates finally increasing, our  need to move decisively to control their outbreaks. 
#Canada's Defence chief says he is worried about anything that would give #China easier access to the Canadian  networks, but says there are ways to manage any #Security risks from #Huawei’s participation in #5G networks.  …
The 2020 #oil collapse: China accounts for 14% of global oil demand & for >80% of global growth in demand in 2019. Following discovery of #COVID-19 & infections in China at beginning of 2020, oil prices had declined by about $20 a barrel until last week  
The #coronavirus reveals China's darkest secret.  … 
If you ever ate at China apple buffet next to FIU you’re immune to the corona virus
Strongest risk factor for death from Covid-19 in non-Hubei areas of China was being treated in less developed economic regions with almost 4 fold increased risk. Not surprising but very concerning for low and middle  countries.  …
Of course Canada was dithering, zero flights cancelled, zero screening of passengers from highly infected regions. - With the bizarre Liberal narrative that taking any proactive steps to lower the risk of infection in Canada was racist, because the virus originated in China.
China reaching passed a peak of #COVIDー19 should remind us not to use racial or political prejudice to point fingers, but to learn from. "Take my message to your brother and tell him twice. Spread the word and try to teach the man who's hating his brother when hate won't do."MJ
You’re right @JustinTrudeau I’m worried. You thinking it’s cute to allow planes to land in Canada from #China threatens everyone in #Canada AND the U.S. @realDonaldTrump needs to take action on our borders with #Canada 
China traces coronavirus to first confirmed case, nearly identifying "patient zero"  …
#China’s rise may not be inevitable There are serious obstacles to making the #Chinese strategic vision a geopolitical reality A good  …
Turkey is one of the few Muslim-majority nations whose government has been willing to criticize China for detaining one million Uighur and other Turkic Muslims for forced indoctrination. So why is it also doing China's dirty work by arresting Uighurs?  
Coronavirus in China kept me under quarantine. I felt safer there than back in the U.S., writes Tony Perman. Our laissez-faire attitude, prioritization of personal freedom and utter lack of government leadership have left Americans confused and exposed.  …
China arrested people warning us about COVID-19 and we are supposed to believe they are telling the truth now? At least 5 people in China have disappeared, gotten arrested, or been silenced after speaking out about the coronavirus!  … via @businessinsider
Apple closes all stores around world outside China due to Covid-19  …
Coronavirus Numbers: 137,000 infected Worldwide, 80,000 in China. 5,088 deaths Worldwide 1,268 infected in US, 41 deaths, 29 were in ONE nursing home in Seattle. No deaths of anyone under 50. Over half of WW infected have recovered, 70,000 and climbing. Calm Down! 
If China loses this legal battle against Gilead to produce the Coronavirus Vaccine they should just disregard it and distribute it worldwide for free anyways, it's the moral choice, fuck the law. The world will see that Gilead are the real villains.
To put things into perspective, 2 wks ago, Trump pointed to China’s seeming “flattening of the coronavirus curve” by saying that “Apple is fully operational there.” Today, Apple said it would shutter all stores in the US & other countries (w/ exception of China, Taiwan & HK.)
Countries hit hard by #coronavirus #China An enemy of the US #Iran An enemy of the US #Italy Not an enemy.......Oh look, the first developed economy to sign up to China's Belt and Road The US "expressed concern" at this Did it do anything else?  …
No need to hoard But stay away from crowds, take precautions short-term until the China virus is under control and our medical facilities are equipped to handle diagnosing and treating #coronavirus #Trump is right on this. Follow these instructions and we'll be fine
 more human rights violations while dumbasses praise their response to a pandemic? Must be a day that end in Y  …
In two weeks time, Canada has gone from least infected nation into the top 30 most infected countries, out of a total of 148 infected nations: 1 China 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Sweden 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 Canada
NEW PODCAST w/ the great @johnrobb ! - Up to date Corona analysis - 2020 Elections - China / WTO / Globalization - NATO Expansion - Social Media retreat - Private information networks - How to thrive on the edge of chaos - Sanctuary Cities Pro and Con  …
Maybe the US needs some over-the-top China-style propaganda posters to make it real "Visiting friends and relatives is a mutual slaughter, Partying is looking for death"  …
When people say China is an examplar of dealing with infectious diseases like #COVID19, do they mean the authorities' silencing, censoring of the outbreak or the brutal, authoritarian shutting down of #hubeiprovince that was the  …
“The flu kills less than 1% of infected people who are over age 65.  in China, COVID-19 killed 8% of those infected who were 70-79 and almost 15% of those infected who were age 80 or older.” from ⁦ @charlesornstein⁩ ⁦  …
Apple shutting down all stores outside of China for two weeks.  …
They say @realDonaldTrump is a science denier. That #ChinaVirus would be better handled by China Joe... #CoronaVirusUpdates Flatten the curve, minimize the risk Which is what OUR AMAZING @POTUS is 
Across #Italy at noon today people came to their windows and applauded the doctors and nurses on the front lines of the country with the highest number of deaths from #COVID19 outside China.  …
Be sure to check out PlumsandHoneyVintage China and ceramics section for more of these beauties!  … #collectibles #gifts 
'I thought it would be safe': Uighurs In Turkey now fear China's long arm One of the major stories yet on Uyghurs in Turkey, who face arrests and fears of deportation.  …
Italy begged the European Commission for swift action to help with the deadly virus outbreak but received no practical support. Now China, where COVID-19 originally started, has stepped in to help Italy get all the medical equipment it needs. 
MSNBC aired a @RichardEngel Special on the Coronavirus fight around the world, Outbreak. He spoke with a doctor in China who said they found one of the biggest transmission points is mealtime. People have to take off their masks to eat and they are sitting close together.
Trudeau was on a two week bender in Costa Rica when the Iranians shot 60 canadians out of the air. No prior precautions taken Let thugs posing as First Nations occupy rail crossings and stopped the RCMP and public from intervening refuses to hold China to account for Covid 19
Where’s this little dried up dog turd been?!? Remember two months ago, he said that China’s virus would be our economic upturn?!? 
The Bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) of the Mad Cow disease also didn't originate in China. In UK, cattle get infected most because of the practice of feeding meat-and-bone meal to young calves. The origin of the Mad Cow disease is also probably from Southwest of England.
For those looking to understand COVID-19. A retrospective study looking at 191 hospitalized patients in China was just published. It includes lab results, vitals, etc. Well worth a read:  …
Now that the number of new people infected with the coronavirus in China is slowing down, the country's Communist Party is ratcheting up threats against the West, w/ a particularly nasty warning about access to life-saving drugs aimed at the United States. 
China president condoles with @HassanRouhani on deaths by corona #Iran #China #CoronaVirusIran #COVID19  …
Chinese soft power move. Anyone buying their propaganda believing the #Coronavirus is under control in China is at best naive. They’re sacrificing their own citizenry to make inroads with the West.  …
#Hunan province neighboring #Hubei province declared clear of confirmed cases of #COVID19 on Saturday when its last five patients were cured and discharged from hospital, while #Yunnan province in Southwest China also was declared clear of virus patients on the same day.
China is responsible. It was a factual statement. If China doesn’t want the blame, they shouldn’t have lied and tried to cover it up, allowing it to spread faster and further.  …
"The world is suffering from the Corona epidemic. #Uyghurs are suffering from the Xi Jinping epidemic." - Concentration Camps - #Islam Banned - Stolen Generation - Forced Marriages - Mosques Demolished #Coronavirus #COVID19 #CoronavirusPandemic #CoronaOutbreak #Uyghur #China 
It would be great if we as a nation could put aside our differences long enough to agree that Iran & China are our enemies. They are nations led by evil people who wish us ill. Do not shill for them. Do not share their propaganda.
Evolution of the number of deaths from Covid-19 by country. These tend to be  across countries than detected infections, since the rate of testing for milder cases varies a lot across countries. Below the figures with & without China:  
How did Wuhan, the epicenter of #CoronavirusOutbreak in China, contain the spread of the virus? How did China mobilize its medical resources to save lives? Find the answers in CGTN's special production: "Fight to Reunite: How Wuhan tackled #COVID19" 
Russia reports 50+ coronavirus cases (one child, one teenager), 42 of them are Russian citizens, 2 from China and 1 from Italy. The real number of cases is certainly much higher. 
First case series of #COVID19 infection in hospitalized #infants in China published in @JAMA_current shows relatively milder  to adults with none requiring mechanical ventilation.  #neoEBM #ebneoalerts #foamneo 
New Little Women posters from Sony Columbia China 
If there's one positive thing  out of this #coronavirus pandemic, perhaps it will be the reaffirmation of internationalism as the acme of human solidarity. China, Cuba, and Russia have stepped forward while the West has stepped back. The old world is dying, etc.  …
Super Mario Odyssey, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe launching in China on March 16  
Trump bans travel from China and Democrats condemn him. Weeks later Trump is proven right. Trump bans travel from Europe and Democrats condemn him. Days later Trump is once again proven right . When will these people learn and when will people stop listening to them?
17 billion budget cut to the Department of Health. Refusing to implement the travel ban despite the threat of the virus spreading from China. The government's lack of support for the national medical field. Ako alam ko 'to. Alam mo ba 'to, ineng?
I’m going to add: 11:20 Eastern Apple just closed all stores outside China. They know what’s in this thread. That’s a major signal. NYC just had its first death & there are major concerns hospitals will be overwhelmed. If you live in NYC, stop any social contact.
Swine flu epidemic in 2009 did not start from China - The first case was reported in Mexico City in March 2009 & several countries cancelled flights to Mexico then. Blaming China for everything has  an obsession for many.
#CoVID_19 virus now has 494 variants in 8 main groups. We have evidence from China & Japan some (not many yet) seem to have caught virus again after recovery & a week or 2 clear & testing -ve. Its entirely possible immunity to one group wont work for others #HerdImmunity? 
I was waived right  back from UK. Not even questioned and now I see flights from China are not even being screened. Absolute trash government. Just because they tweet it, doesn’t mean they are actually doing anything.
So we have many business' and schools closing for two weeks. Does that mean that the China Virus is gone by then? Did these schools close when the flu season was at its peak? Do you see the stupidity in the decisions that are being made by the sheeple in this country!!
Rick Scott just said on CNN that we should make China pay for the CoronaVirus. So if I contact the flu from someone do we get to sue them? He blames China for not acting fast enough. Ahhh Scott turn around and look at the US we aren't ready either, tRump removed the scientist.
Apple closes all stores outside China over coronavirus  
China is receiving praise for how they’ve handled #coronavirus—and I’m sure much of it is deserved. But never forget, they literally arrested heroic whistleblowers who tried to warn the world about this early  …
My article - ‘Corona Will Expose the Worthlessness of International Organisations and the Timidity of the West’ Estimated economic costs worldwide: $2 tn Costs to developing economies: $220 bn Costs to India: $348 mn China should be made accountable!  …
Chinese President Xi Jinping sent messages to leaders of EU, Italy, Iran and South Korea, thanking them for helping China in times of need, pledging continued support to their fight against #coronavirus and urging unity and coordination in addressing the global 
Watched Chinese doctors,nurses and other disease experts, arrive in Italy, carrying with them medical equipment,masks, breathing machines etc/donations to Italy!China having contained it's own threat  to aid EU! How things change!
Apple is closing all of its stores outside of China until March 27  … by @jshieber
China what have you done? If the virus stemmed from exotic Wildlife, you were trading illegally+still are. If the virus is man made it still started with you. At the end of this you will be responsible for many deaths globally. The collapse of businesses, even poverty. 
Never forget: The president of the U.S. -  sell goods to Americans that are made in China, Bangladesh, Honduras, Vietnam, South Korea and Mexico - didn’t want to make a test for #coronavirus available to the people of his country because it was made in Germany.
Two assembly lines in China now produce 250,000 bottles of disinfectant a day 
Just heard Rick Scott blame China for Coronavirus on CNN and I don’t know who needs to hear this but viruses don’t have a nationality nor do they respect borders.
And to be clear, lest you think I'm some China apologist, I think China only instituted this break-the-transmission policy via constant testing & patient isolation *after* they left Wuhan to burn. My guess is that 500k people in Wuhan were infected w/ CV-19 and 20k people died.
#Bannon: When we started this show, #China was the only country that had #coronavirus, not that many cases in #Wuhan If Dr. Gabriel Leung's estimate was right, over 1B people infected by May #WarRoomPandemic #CoronaVirusUpdates Listen & watch 
As of 03.14 23:00 BJT, Chinese BLINKs have collected enough money to purchase 119,893 copies of BLACKPINK’s  album (non-shipping back + shipped back to China). @ygofficialblink 
GOOD NEWS: China has now closed down all the hospitals recently built just to attend to Coronavirus patients. The last hospital was closed yesterday or so. China now has very few cases they no longer need any special hospital. Here is the medical staff celebrating this feat: 
"Don't trust China. China is asshoe" - Unknown Hong Kong Scholar
Extremely articulate, considered and thorough explanation of exactly what worked to stop this in China and what the rest of the world must implement now. I know it is six minutes, please watch this and send around.  …
Want to know why so many dismiss the foreign policy gray beards? Because of self-righteous, moral equivalencies like these. The US and China are not morally equal. The US is better (even with our many faults) & if you can’t say that then you’re not enlightened. You’re sad.  …
 without understanding the dynamics. Indian pharma depends on China for 70% of its key intermediates n some APIs including antibiotics. Prolonged Coronavirus threat can certainly create global drug shortage
life ho  comrades jaisi.. with inherent hatred for India, State, Police, Army, Hindus, first they occupy govt positions of the country they hate and then after retirement they get paid by the likes of pakistan, china and leftists of europe/america for same..  …
China may be lying. But South Korea is a free country. And they have shown a similar decline in the amount of new cases, and deaths, that is consistent with China's data.  …
#China is offering a model to the world in distress, helping #Iran #Italy and now #Iraq to fight #coronovarius. The #US is imposing the harshest sanctions ever on Iran and #Venezuela and starting a war in #Iraq. Look at the two models. Well done China!  …
Guys, who dubbed the people just flown in from China, the Wu-Han Clan?
In 2003, China learned that the economy was far too dependent on analog practices: — trade shows — conferences — physical retail markets — classrooms — social gatherings That SARS quarantine period  in a number of ways, ours will do the same.
China arrested people warning us about COVID-19 and we are supposed to believe they are telling the truth now?  …
From fentanyl to coronavirus, China is the gift that keeps on giving.
This picture proves That Ozil knew the Coronavirus  a year before everyone and He also warned us about China before this Pandemic started and we didn't listen... My Number 10 
Because China is stealing their intellectual property. Yes, in a perfect world it should be free. But China isnt doing this because they are benevolent, they're doing it because they have a long history of stealing intellectual property and selling it as their own.
I partially agree “key to success in Hong Kong so far has been the decision to respond aggressively from the outset”, but it’s not due to the government’s measures as it refuses border closure with China. It’s the result of Hongkongers who have a sense of personal hygiene. 
State Dep. 'hauled in' Chinese ambo—then put China 'on notice' for lying to world, blaming America for coronavirus 
bro this is fuckin crazy The Chinese government is starting propaganda trying to say the United States started the virus. & the Chinese people are...believing them... Twitter is even BANNED in China but there seems to be thousands of bots/new accounts spreading  …
Opinion: Joint battle against #COVID19 injects new vitality into relations between China, Central and Eastern European countries  
Apple is closing all of its retail stores outside Greater China until March 27 to contain the spread of the coronavirus 
Unlike the US, China offers free medical treatment for #COVID19 patients. Flexible fiscal regulation will make sure medical expenditures are adequate.  
Democrats, including Biden, blasted Trump’s halt on travel from China in late January. Pelosi allowed the House to leave DC for 10 days in February rather than address the potential epidemic. The House Homeland  didn’t hold a hearing on coronavirus until March 5
Let me correct this tweet: Trump officials, especially Pompeo, call it the “Wuhan or China Virus” and even spread conspiracy theory that it was man-made. But media says nothing. China accuses the U.S. of planting the CoronaVirus in Wuhan, and the media exploded... You're   …
Hopefully AMERICAN paper mills are continuing to operate here. If we depend on China for TP we are in major trouble. There’s a lot more assholes there than here for sure.  …
2. In Wuhan China built entire hospitals in days, adding > 2600 hospital beds. Luckily we have a head start; at least 113 US hospitals have closed since 2010 for financial reasons. Some of the buildings are still intact. How quickly could you *double* the number of ICU beds?
This is exacerbated by the fact that for 2 months crooked the right wing echo chamber on TV/AM radio has parroted every single last one of Trump’s lethal lies about Coronavirus. They used bigotry and xenophobia re: China/SK to assure themselves it couldn’t happen to White people. 
When this crisis has passed, this will need the attention of the government. This vicious, self-serving calumny by China cannot be without consequence.  …
Look  and supportive the responses are when Italians in lockdown sing encouragement from their buildings. But where was this energy when residents in China did the same thing?  
Any bill that Nancy Pelosi tries to rush through, like this CHINA VIRUS response bill, is going to  saturated with socialist bullshit. Pelosi cries "PANIC!" & claims that we need to pass the bill NOW or people will die - hoping to the devil that no GOP reads it
Apple to close all stores outside China for two weeks  
After helping Italy, China offers to build a hospital to treat patients in Senegal in what looks like ‘Chinese Coronavirus diplomacy’
Lemme know when Trudeau stops the flights from China, which continue almost hourly.  …
Yeah those "models" are all bullsh*t. Just like the climate change models. They are using 80% infection rates as a baseline. This thing only has an infectious rating of 2. Measles is 18. China had .006% infected and they've beaten it. How does USA get to 80%?  …
Barred from bars, sociable Spaniards adopting trend started in #COVIDー19 affected China : pub gatherings online  …
US *must* now close its northern border b/c Trudeau, not halting flights from China, has made Canada a border state with #WuhanFlu-source-China.  …
Trudeau’s CBC state broadcaster is  more and more like China’s state broadcaster. It know is must defend Dear Leader’s handling of the Wuhan virus, no matter what.  …
PM @JustinTrudeau sold Canada to China a long time ago He is Pres Xi's man in North America and NOT to be trusted! Trudeau would risk the lives of millions of Canadians for the $$$$he got from the PRC  …
If you need your iPhone or Mac fixed any time soon, you’ll have to wait or take it somewhere else. Apple is closing all of its stores outside of China until March 27. Employees will still be paid.  …
Now that the herd are getting woke I put my original questions again; Why would china lock down a city of 11mill people with just 540 reported cases & 17 deaths? Then 60mill 2 days later? #isolationessentials #Herd_Immunity #coronapocalypse #coronauk #UKGoverment #coronapocalypse
Lessons from #CoronaVirus. 1. Globalism expands pandemic risk. 2. Closed borders work. Open borders fail. 3. We cannot  China.
We must not forget that many South Africans are in Europe and the USA. We are focusing on China. Let us not forget Globalisation has led to movement of people. #CoronaVirus
1st case of the new coronavirus traced back to November in China  
It has been announced today that the Catholic Foundation for Higher Education in Macao last Saturday appointed me to be the next Rector of the University of Saint Joseph, the only Catholic University in China. I will take up the appointment and be installed in July. Pray for me.
The flu causes 296,000-700,000 deaths worldwide per year and that Coronavirus has caused 4,800. Given that it’s already nearly done in China(the worlds greatest population) I think it’s safe to say it’s not even going  close to the Flu. On top of it We have a flu vaccine.
China is offering the United States #coronavirus test kits and surgical masks, and Mexico is going to close the border that Trump has been unable to close - maybe there are some benefits in the US  a 'banana republic' under Trump  #SaturdayMorning
I believe the very issue Dems have is the fact Trump is doing exactly what’s needed to protect Americans from this pandemic. If the Dems had their way our borders would be wide open and people infected with the Wuhan Virus would be flying into our country from China by the minute
China Traces Coronavirus to First Confirmed Case, Nearly Identifying 'Patient Zero'  …
Also remember that NeverTrump has repeatedly condemned Trump’s trade “war” on China. If they had their way, the US would remain dependent on China without consequence. Frauds.
In China alone, the economic slowdown has kept 200 megatons of CO2 out of the atmosphere, according to one analysis from the Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air, a stunning 25 percent reduction in the country’s emissions. 
Isipin niyo ha, if the government didn't cut the funds for health by 10 billion php and banned flights from countries that have existing nCov cases (especially mainland China), mobilizing the police and military won't be necessary.
China also  country they can do more things with less criticism from the public
China may have prevented 95% of virus cases if it enacted measures after silenced whistleblower's warning  …
Tensions are rising between ordinary people and gov. employed disease control personnel. At #Hankou in #Wuhan, China. Click here for more:  #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronavirusPandemic #coronaviruschina 
There's new law enacting in China, only "positive" contents can pass the insane censoring of CCP Hope these journalists are lucky enough to be alive 
The efforts that China has taken to stop the spread of the virus really scares me. Pressure washing everything: cars, buildings, quarantined for 50 days, etc. Because one that I know, is that America could and would NEVER. If that’s what it takes, then idk. “Wash your hands”
After this virus subsides, no American should forget #China's malicious campaign against us. We have an enemy, and it is  #CoronavirusPandemic #ChinaVirus #ChinaPneumonia #WuhanCoronavius #WuhanFlu  …
#MadeInUSA #VoteRedToSaveAmerica State Dep. 'hauled in' Chinese ambo—then put China 'on notice' for lying to world, blaming America for coronavirus #KAG #Trump2020 #2A4Life #WWG1WGA #Veterans  …
15 minutes! New rapid test strips for #coronavirus have been developed by  in Hefei, China Currently PCR test takes 6 hours and costs ~8,000 Rs. 
I wish my federal government would unleash every authority, resource, & tool to deport every single illegal alien, deport every birthright citizenship parasite, close the damn borders, end dependence on Communist China mfg, & stop outsourcing tech jobs to India.  …
If any other country had triggered such a far-reaching international crisis, it would now be a global pariah. But China, with its economic might, has largely escaped censure. Still, Xi’s regime won't find it easy to restore its standing at home and abroad.  …
Problem; Chinese economy slows down markedly in2017/18 Slow down exacerbated by "trade war" with US Doomsday protocol initiated Chinese migrants weaponised Global crash China, fully prepared, recovers first Problem; solved  at me, it's a theory, just a bit coincidental.
This pretty much sums it up: The US is bombing Iraq amid the Coronavirus outbreak while China is delivering experts and aid to fight it.  …
China sends more experts to help #Iran fight #coronavirus We will use our experience and do our part, one of the experts says.  
This is a kind gesture, but America still needs to quit outsourcing to China. We need to  independent on an industrial level.  …
Trump responses on #Coronavirus January 22: “We have it totally under control. It’s one  in from China. It’s going to be just fine.” February 24: “The Coronavirus is very much under control in the USA… Stock Market starting to look very good to me!”
Audio of "Is Coronavirus a Deep State Bioweapon attack on China planned in 2005?"  via @YouTube
President Xi Jinping says China firmly supports EU in its fight against #COVID19 epidemic  
Good! Send them all back to China, since they hate Black Africans so much.  …
Coronavirus has been around for weeks yet global infection is only about 140,000 people. Out of that, about 5,500 have died. That's weak for a global "pandemic". China and South Korea are recovering. The U.S. is doing better than other countries with runny noses. Don't panic.
Listen to @DrZweliMkhize explaining why the Ranch Resort in Limpopo was chosen as a quarantine site for evacuees from Wuhan, China #CoronaVirusUpdates 
Remember what China looked like before the #Coronavirus? They were protesting for their freedom Then what happened? Do you trust the Chinese? Is this why @9News blocks and doxxes @realDonaldTrump supporters? @ACLJ 
It appears to me at least that those of us that grew up during the cold war, where we faced the possiblity of being nuked at any time for any reason, are handling this whole China virus event a lot better than those that grew up after the Berlin Wall fell.
First Covid-19 case happened in November, China government records show  …
NO. Not today, not ever. Nationalization of industries never works—especially in times of crises. See USSR, Germany, Venezuela, Cuba, China, and other nations. Thank goodness for the private sector. Things could be a lot worse now here.  …
Trump’s Been Right About Trade With China This Whole Time, and the Coronavirus Pandemic Proves It #StableGenius #TrumpLandslideVictory2020  …
As much as these gestures are so beautiful and make me so emotional it’s sad that no one was doing it for China..  …
China's monopoly over raw material and manufacturing is the weakest link of our civilization chain. When the country sneezes, the entire world catches a cold.
Every death is a tragedy, but the latest figures on #coronavirus from China show another remarkable drop in casualties; 8 new confirmed cases and 7 new deaths. A ray of light as the darkness closes in on Europe.
Tim Cook announced the abrupt closure of stores outside of Greater China. The measure has left many Apple customers in a lurch.  …
#Italy is paying the price for its linkages with #China.  have ruined their own society, and now they are bringing down others. #ItalyCoronavirus  …
Whose buying the #coronavirus propaganda ? Is there an ulterior motive ? What is it ? #Herd_Immunity #UKGoverment #CoronaVirusUpdates #COVIDー19 #COVID19 #COVID19ireland #Wuhan #China #Poll
oh next episode we get to see ella roasting the yuehua girls since some of them already met her on produce 101 china she says they left no impression on her
Typical liberal, everything is global!! Blame CHINA!
That's what people were quoting when you suggested Government to bring back students from China
Watching elaborate news reports about origin & initial spread of #CoronaVirus Can't help but say. FUCK YOU CHINA. You're solely responsible for thousands of deaths around the world. Yes YOU and your bloody WET MARKETS. ROT IN HELL
Shōki is a god and hero who originated in ancient China before his legends came to Japan. He defeats and subdues oni. He is also a god of protection against demons and sickness! #dailyyokai 
The Criminal Chinese Communist Party Led By Xi The Pooh is now unleashing those CCP trolls to suppress any information about the spread of #ChinaVirus on Mainland China. #MakeChinaPay #BoycottChina #HongKongers LT @jenniferatntd English 
Trump said it. February 2 “We pretty much shut it  in from China.”
There's a special place in hell for this President. Allowing all flights from China amidst the #wuhanvirus and deducting billions of peso from the health budget endangering the lives of millions of Filipino people. Evil.
Is everybody prepared to be effectively tagged and tracked? Tested whenever and wherever? That is effectively what China and Korea have done.
Imagine what the Philippine Government could do to fight the #COVID_19PH crisis if we  leaders that prioritize Filipino lives, instead of the corrupt and  Duterte regime that prioritizes China. 
The Sims 3 World Adventures wasn’t appreciated enough. We got 3 worlds: France, China & Egypt as well as fun tasks. It seems likely we will be getting a snow / winter pack with Sims 4 but how will  #EAListen #TheSims 
Trump said it. January 22 “We have it totally under control. It’s one  in from China. It’s going to be just fine.”
Without any "scientific and professional" grounds, #China spreads fake news & blames others for spreading #WuhanCoronavirus Now #Beijing uses science as an excuse to deny responsibility for its diplomat's speech. For such a cowardly regime, can China be a responsible world power? 
The #China- #Italy alliance against #CoronaVirus. Beijing winning hearts and minds of people all over the world in these hard 
English Catholics implore Vatican: ‘Tear up’ deal with Communist China | News | LifeSite  …
If #Italy had suspended flights from #China earlier, would it have needed Chinese aid? @anneapplebaum, consider Beijing's "aid" as reparations. #CoronavirusPandemic  …
The China virus, Xi must pay for the damage he has caused to the world and kneel down to apologize to the world!!!!  …
US sanctions on Iran's healthcare system are actively killing Iranian civilians. Meanwhile Cuba & China race to send life-saving medicine to the worst-hit countries—including those ideologically opposed to them! Socialism means international mutual aid. Imperialism means death.  …
The more you learn about how China managed to contain #coronavirus, the more worried you get, because we simply do not have the productive or organizational capacity to do a tenth of  …
That's why we must destroy the great firewall of China. CCP is brainwashing China's young generation to  the enemy of the modern world.
Jungkook’s Euphoria was played during “Youth With You Season 2,” a reality show presented by China’s iQIYI, one of the largest online video platforms in the world 
People are out there like "china stopped the virus so quickly. How did this happen?" They killed the people with the virus bro. No one is telling you that. Bullet in the head to everyone that coughs. Don't get worked by the media or the "experts"
Once again, news the #CCP never wants you to see. #China saw its first #Coronavirus case in #November & the CCP sat around & did nothing for 3 weeks. This inaction & #Censorship have caused a #Pandemic -  …
South Korea's approach to Covid-19 has been far less authoritarian & brutal than China or Italy's and of other countries in western Europe, yet more effective than almost anyone's. Read about why: isolation, social distancing, targeted quarantines, etc  …
The USS Theodore Roosevelt aircraft carrier conducts a high-speed turn in the South China Sea today. 
Also beautiful to see how the EU is helping those Italians by providing masks and tests. Oh no wait. China is doing that. My bad.
ROMEO IS JUST 2 YEARS OLD! HIS FATE IS A AWFUL AND GRIM ONE! Millions of donkeys each year are slaughtered so manufacturers in China can boil the skins. I cant let ROMEO be one of those! We need to save him!  
In my view biggest problem w this dramatic, almost per formative clip had little to do w what it said about China (gleaned from great distance) but it's overly facile embrace of idea that the Hubei response is best way to go. At a minimum one needs to weigh Korea, Taiwan, etc.  …
Yeah, let's not defend Communist China. 
Tom Cotton vows to take revenge on China for the coronavirus  …
- South Korea reports 17 New cases. - Malaysia reports 41 New cases. - China has 12,159 active cases. - France has 3661 new cases 79 deaths. #COVIDー19 #CoronaVirusUpdates #CoronaOutbreak
Avanatti, prosti's, Mueller, Russia, Ukrane, Pelosi, Nadler, lieing schiff couldn't take this man down, neither will the Deep State and China with their Corona virus chemical warfare! Trump2020 Thank you @realDonaldTrump for protecting "We the People"!
Stunning thread, info, and links @HawtinGibb. Adios Hanx. SS too. I clicked in and poked around. You should too. The tainted adrenchrome from China is interesting. @momthruhh @liltilgerlil  …
I see people speculating about the short-term economic effects of the lockdowns, with preliminary data showing large sales drops in hospitality and air travel. Given that most of China went into lockdown more than a month ago, let me write a thread about the effects so far (1/N).
Insight into how China dealt with Coronavirus  …
China accuses the U.S. of planting the CoronaVirus in Wuhan. Trump officials call it the “Wuhan Virus”. What we need—desperately—is mature global leadership. We’re all in the same boat. @EmmanuelMacron has called for a G-20 leaders Video Summit. That’s the right first  …
If #Trudeau refuses to safeguard his own people, then America should put #Canada on the #TravelBan It is irresponsible to allow flights from countries with high infection rates #China #Iran  …
2 reasons for my respect for China #caronavirusoutbreak: their amazing whole of nation effort; unprecedented ramping up of production of medical kits etc
The country to emulate is not China but South Korea.  …
If the league does get canceled there should be no limit on the amount of shithousery from away fans at Anfield. I’m talking China flags, inflatable bats, corona beer bottles left everywhere. Let them absolutely have it.
So the US is now the source for the highest number of foreign-derived Australian #COVIDー19 cases. Higher than China, Iran, Italy. #COVID19Aus #coronavirus #covid19australia  …
"China could have prevented 95 per cent of coronavirus infections if its measures to contain the outbreak had begun three weeks earlier, research from the University of Southampton suggests."  …
Sometimes it takes a disaster to reveal some hard truths. We now know the danger of China—its the uncoupling that will take some time. Meanwhile, we need to work tirelessly, furiously, to bring back the pharmaceutical industry and many others to America.
China built a 1000 bed hospital in 10 days. I imagine we will need this very soon.
Researchers place China's fatality rate for covid-19 during its outbreak at 0.5%—five times the fatality rate for seasonal flu in America 
NEW: Apple closing all stores outside China for two weeks over coronavirus.
America would be an absolute train wreck right now if Joe Biden had been President! Joe opposed the China travel restrictions that @realDonaldTrump put in place on Jan. 31st The same restrictions Dr. Fauci said “absolutely” limited coronavirus’ spread & were “the right call.”
Imagine how scared China must be of the spread of COVID-19 if they are willing to send so many supples to America given how much they must detest Donald Trump. #MaralagoVirus
So NBC is now the official propaganda arm  China...great news
After this nonsense passes America must no longer rely on other countries for our goods. We must  economically self sufficient. No more goods from Chicom slave factories. A self sufficient economy is the best thing this country can do for our future. Screw China 1776 2.0
Like I know this is how people like Melissa Chan feel. Nothing rooted in fact matters she just will cling onto any tiny bit of information even if she knows it's false so that China kEeP bEiNg BaD
Whenever I see Asian Americans talk shit about Asia all I can think of is that time a Taiwanese Canadian girl DMed me to say that she gets happy whenever she sees negative press about China in western media even if it's false because it makes her feel like people are on her side
“It might be US army who brought the epidemic to Wuhan.” China’s Foreign Ministry spokesperson Zhao Lijian pushed #coronavirus conspiracy theories as the country worked to control the narrative of the #CoronavirusPandemic More @business:  
Mortality rates for Corona: China 3.9% Iran 4.8% Spain 3.1% France 2.1% USA 2.1% Japan 2.8% Now for the two extremes: South Korea just 0.89% despite having 8,086 cases (a sure-shot model for future epidemics) and Italy 7.1% (another model for what NOT to do!)
Errr these factories are not owned by 3M they are contracted by 3M. How can China “take over” Chinese factories? They are Chinese already.  …
The President was so laser-focused on diversifying supply chains out of China that he withdrew from TPP, imposed global tariffs (incl on allies), repeatedly threatened to rip apart NAFTA, and crippled the WTO. OK, sure.
Before India blames China for the #CoronaVirus, it should remember that India has given the 'Superbug' to the world. That New Delhi Killer superbug has spread all over the world - In Sept 2019, it had killed dozens of people in Tuscany,  …
