#Insiders An inquiry into the source of the SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus at this stage will inevitably be politicized, generate hostility and achieve nothing. We need to work closely with China. We don't have the capacity to produce much of what we need to defeat COVID-19: China does.
Stop China's Yulin Dogmeat Festival it is quickly upon us June 21st 
Just a reminder that whether the Wuhan  from bat soup or not; we should still close the wet markets. CHINA MUST PAY! 
Working to secure U.S.  Show Cause orders  …
Trump sent 30+tons of PPEs to China but PA is on its own. Every Pennsylvanian needs to remember this when voting in November. So we must ask ourselves why China & not PA? Any connection to Trump owing Bank of China some $200 Million? #VoteBlueToEndThisNightmare2020 #RemoveTrump
RT if you agree → We should move our supply chain back to the United States. China can no longer be trusted. 
Baking Uyghur-style onion nan today, thinking of some great food experiences of Uyghur China. Ramadan mubarak to my Uyghur friends--peace to those who are safe, and strength to those who are on a different kind of "lock-down" in Xinjiang. To better days ahead. #uyghurcooking 
I had the motivation to get ready today and all I’m doing is walking around the 
Prophecy at hand; President Donald Trump Will punish China financially. 
Dear Ebay and Amazon, Please add an option that filters out all the cheap crap from China and add a feature that would allow me to see items that are 100% made in America instead. Thank you, A proud American. @ebay @amazon
Harvard #CCP Big Pimp Prof. William P. Alford threatened Chinese dissidents over a conference on the #CCP cause it "would embarrass the University and potentially threaten the continuation of collaborative programs and joint research with China." #WarRoomPandemic 
Is China trying to build hegemony? Is it imperialist? No, and  to US hegemony or imperialism requires an immense amount of mental gymnastics especially when China-Global South relations are so strong and views of China are so positive. Additionally,
Conflicting Info on #KimJongUn: • Japanese media: In Vegetative State • Reuters: China sent Medical Team • South Korea Gov: Nothing unusual • South Korea agency: No trend • US intel: Maybe Gravely ill • Sat. images: Outside Compound • Vice Dir of HKSTV: Source says Dead
China Is Targeting US Labs to Spy on Virus Research: US Assistant Attorney General  … #ccpvirus
A Chinese man creates his own "flying 
It's wild how so many Americans view the outsourcing of domestic manufacturing to China over the past 25 years as some devious Chinese plan for domination rather than a strategy by which the American ruling class exploded its profit margin by exploiting global inequality
Paris. Bridge of the Concord. Not made in China. 
Do reporters in China ,Russia and Mexico ask their President disrespectful questions ? Do those reporters verbally attack their President and disrespect the office? What would happen? Or is it only American Reporters who disrespect The President and Office?
America Can Depend on Only America as China Threatens and Intimidates the Western Nations: EU softened criticism on Chinese disinformation over fear of 'repercussions,' according to reports  #FoxNews #KAG @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst #Dobbs
THERE’S A MUSLIM HOLOCAUST HAPPENING IN CHINA THERE’S A MUSLIM HOLOCAUST HAPPENING IN CHINA THERE’S A MUSLIM HOLOCAUST HAPPENING IN CHINA THERE’S A MUSLIM HOLOCAUST HAPPENING IN CHINA THERE’S A MUSLIM HOLOCAUST HAPPENING IN CHINA
Six years reporting on authoritarian China and the Communist party taught me this: you really really really don’t want your law enforcement agencies being turned into political tools serving the interests of a small political elite
The TMZ news channel in China and the Japanese media Have just reported that Kim Jong Un is dead after a botched heart surgery but no confirmation yet from North Korea 
The Trump-China scandal is predicated on a mountain of evidence that Trump yet again gave preferential treatment—contrary to the interests of the US—to a hostile foreign leader from whom he sought both financial benefits (trademarks and rent) and a political benefit (Biden dirt).  …
#ChineseVirus19 After watching the mass destruction done by Coronavirus, China to Wuhan Scientists* 
China and Russia own Trump.
New car 
Hi Dan, I was wondering if you can find out why china was able to disrespect the Geneva convention to never use bioweapons of mass destruction ever! BUT WE ARE LETTING china BREAK THE GENEVA CONVENTION AND WE LET THEM DO IT? THIS WAS AN ACT OF WAR BY china and W.H.O.? DAMN IT!
Made in china? Fuck you nike, never again 
My little China doll 
China Communist Party is shady!!!! What's new, group of murderers and liars!!! 
Keep dat shit playa.
Corbett's Predictions: What Will Happen Next in the Corona Crisis? 1. The "Second Wave" Will Be Blamed on the Protesters 2. The Alt Media Are Being Given the Rope to Hang Themselves 3. China Will Be Blamed 4. The Real Bioweapons Are Waiting in the Wings  …
man fuck china. 
The false Politico story attempting to tie Trump to China actually presents an interesting question The presidential election is only 6 months away Does this count as election disinformation?  …
Oh my, China just gave this invoice to me to give to you @RepJimBanks! Can you forward it on to the US Treasury for me? 
shit I salute China's 
Wow Oh Wow Politico had to update their story - Trump does NOT owe money to the Bank of China Has Rubin corrected this lie yet?  …
The mob that went after Kavanagh should never sleep good again, their silence is deafening
Congress need the same time Trump knew. That had closed door meeting about it. 4 of them closed out their stock. Nancy was in China town wanting people  there. And they were impeachment going on also.
report @/fBclogYw3nSrLnl , theyre sending hate towards china line !! 
A Chinese man, Xi has created his own "flying CCP China Vitus" 
#KIMJONGUNDEAD is a HOAX. Go to KCNA, the state media of the country. China is a close partner of the DPRK. Neither is reporting anything like health problems let alone death. US and Western world is so racist that people are duped over the stupidest of lies.
China doesn't do shit for free. Just like Satan. 
#China unleashes (perhaps manufactures) a deadly pandemic - rapes the world of medical equipment and tries to sell it back cheap, contaminated poorly made shit. Then it hushes the #EU. ...and there are still serious people defending this #communist psycho? #outsiders #auspol
Cheap china crap 
Tea was first discovered and drunk in China. As the hometown of tea, China owns a deep tea culture from ancient times, especially during the Tang Dynasty (618 - 907). Even today, we always have a cup of tea to celebrate the most enjoyable time of a day. How do you like the tea 
The Crescent Spring is located in Dunhuang, Gansu Province of China. It can be considered a natural wonder of the Gobi Desert. Just as its name implies, the lake appears like a crescent moon and with its crystal clear water, resembles a turquoise or pearl inlaid in vast desert. 
China - A new outbreak of coronavirus in Harbin, the capital of the 38 million Heilongjiang province. Harbin authorities announced that electricity and water would be cut off on April 27-29 and nobody knows why? #Covid_19 
The Saudis, as with Putin's cronies and more lately China, have learned that buying up sports teams in the free world is handy for laundering money and reputation—and for spreading more money for political influence.
Now, is China levelling this against Donald Trump? This is why Presidential Nominees divest their Business and releases to the Public all their financial statements including all of their Tax Returns.
Politico Edits False Story Claiming Trump Owes Millions to China  … via @BreitbartNews
Politico had to update this piece after someone did some actual journalism, reached out to them, and found out Trump actually doesn't owe any money to the Bank of China @ScottAdamsSays called  …
One more corona warrior has lost her life battling COVID-19 (CHINA VIRUS). It is a loss to our nation. RIP Mrs. Rathod #COVID2019india 
Name : Corona Virus Nick Name : Covid-19 Place of Birth : China Year of Birth : 2020 Age : 2 months 15 days Sex : Still not found Followers : 16 lac + Girl Friend : Hunta Virus Ex: China, Italy, Spain, America, Crush : India
China has not shared any #COVID19 virus or clinical samples to the best of our knowledge. The United States is calling on the Chinese Communist Party to be transparent with the world so that we  the #coronavirus and prevent future pandemics of this 
Yixing Singer Yixing Dancer Yixing king of China Yixing EXO Yixing EXO-L Yixing Joker Yixing Rapper Yixing Honey Lay deserves the whole world @weareoneEXO @layzhang 
Had some #Starbucks in #china ( 76¥ for two drinks!!! ) 
Hello!!! I am Baku!!!But also you can call me 59%!! I am from Hong Kong China I like marikinonline 4 and I like Gou Kirimi very much!!! My english is too bad.T T 
China is a waste of oxygen. 
Shaolin Monks at Rest. Steve McCurry (2004), Hunan Province, China, Shaolin (Kung Fu) Monastery: 
Ask Mitch how his wife’s family is doing. Is she still taking her dad or other family members on trips to China? Just how fat are her and Mitch’s wallets getting?
He’s a China supporter 
Why does @IvankaTrump have trademarks in China?
Nice that you sent all those supplies to China back when the President said this was a media hoax. Now 52,000+ dead and 26 million unemployed. All on your watch. #YoureFired 
President Trump will hold China and The WHO accountable! Rt if you stand with @realDonaldTrump!
Financial Times Inside Wuhan : How China struggled to control the virüs-and the narrative. “There might be a bigger one  Enteresan 
#Repost @ZikkyzH download.ins --- Amid reports China has sent a medical team to  neighbors this week to check in/advise on Kim, a Hong Kong-backed news channel's vice director -- who's apparently the…  …
Gerald Butts still denies responsibility for a bigger scandal: Ontario’s 'green energy'  …
Tonight 8pm ET—FILM PREMIERE:  "The CCP Method" #CCPvirus has the entire world suffering the consequences  #China's authoritarian system. Discover the #CCP's 3-prong strategy of Deception, Infiltration & Domination, with focus on 
Chinese peonies are blooming in my dad’s garden 
I agree...tell Trump to pay off the remainder of the $200m he owes the Bank of China and let's be done with them!
Kim jang un has reportedly died after a botched heart surgery, according to outlets in China and Japan. No official confirmation from not Korea, yet 
Great China  You. 
Good to see former Director @OfficeGovEthics is on record denying Hunter & @JoeBiden ties to China. Let’s see how history judges this position.  …
Selfdrive vehicles #Alibaba China  …
#GlamorChina A rainbow shines above Hukou Waterfall, the largest waterfall on the Yellow River in China. 
Today marks the 31st birthday of Gedhun Choekyi Nyima, fondly known to Tibetan Buddhists as the Panchen Lama. In 1995, the Chinese government kidnapped the Panchen Lama, when he was just 6 years old, making him the world’s youngest political prisoner. CHINA: RELEASE HIM NOW! 
The karst mountains of S China's Guangxi are home to about 1,200 of critically endangered white-headed langurs. See what they look like in the camera of photographer! 
WELCOME TO CHINA 
This poor lady died after the boarder shut down. How did she get the Virus without been to China? Are there more death related to the Virus but We dont know?  …
My article on China’s meddling in our election...in favor of #BeijingBiden  
Wolong Temple is located in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. It was built during the reign of Emperor Lingdi (168 - 189) in the Han Dynasty. It called "Fu Ying Chan Yuan" in the Sui Dynasty, and renamed Wolong Temple during the reign of Taizong (976 - 997) in the Song Dynasty. 
#ICYMI: Egyptian-American Political Analyst Magdi Khalil: China Has Contributed Nothing to Human Civilization, Cannot Replace the West; The World Would Be in Chaos without the United States 
You're all fools. This loan hasn't been owned by the Bank of China for 8 years. Don't follow this woman for any real information. She's  insane due to her TDS.
im starting to think China is not a safe place unless you're 'Chinese' 
In the city Scientology there's several Japanese woman belong to Tom Cruise and several nationality as well, China, French, African , Indian, Lebanese or so etc... @nswpolice @AusFedPolice @JapanGov
So how American survived before China opens door to them from 1980s?
ANDROMEDA Member #3 Myeong Lead Vocal•Lead dancer From China 
Behind global control is always culture of fear. Russia, China, Cuba, Venezuela,.... 
A look at these lists of HK governors and Supreme Court judges should be enough to show that HK was not a sovereign democracy but a colony ruled by an imperialist foreign government. It only established self rule in 1997, after being rightfully returned to China. 
Joe Biden’s plan to bash President Trump over China backfires with the left-wing of his party as democrats are now calling Biden's ad "racist." @dbongino reacts, tonight. #FoxNews 8PM 
Of course you are one of those leading the anti- #China #propaganda, with no remorse in attacking #Chinese #international students, @SenTomCotton. With your #history looting #Iraqi gold which became your ticket to #US #politics, curious what you are getting out of attacking China. 
This is the nasty @GOP new strategy to blame China on the president failing efforts. It’s not a winning strategy mr Lying @tedcruz. Ineffective,   …
You lie Trump. You're owned by China, Russia and Saudi Arabia Trump. You need to resign Trump. #TrumpIsALaughingStock #TrumpOwnsEveryDeath #TrumpCrimeFamily 
UFO sighting over Hongkong, China. Recorded in November 2018. 
SM missed another opportunity to promote EXO worldwide with this hit.  sense; what we have planned doesn’t always happen. SM created EXO to promote in Asia, mostly Korea & China. EXO proved them wrong; they are meant for so much more #EXO  …
The “cure” has officially  worse than the disease: - Increased internet censorship - More deplatforming - House order for healthy citizens - Government-forced destroying of business - Government-forced shut down of millions of jobs We became worse than China.
North Koreans heading to China and South Korea: 
SENATOR MUTULA KILONZO JNR FEARS THAT KENYA HAS BEEN MORTGAGED TO CHINA @StateHouseKenya @WilliamsRuto @RailaOdinga @makaumutua @ahmednasirlaw @DDhimbil 
Test were made in China and already infected. It’s all part of the plan.
Stop lying and do something to stop this torture. Don’t visit China. 
Kim Jong Un is the elite's key to holding on to power. The premise that if he dies they would simply back down to China and/or America or the forces of liberal democracy, though hopeful and promising, is not remotely close to a given. #KIMJONGUNDEAD
We're all in this together...except China. Fuck #China! 
OPINION: China must pay for the Coronavirus crisis  
Jiuzhaigou National Park in SW China's Sichuan Province embraced its 3rd day of snow on April 23. 
i have loving exo china line disease...... 
Prof.Tasuku Honjo claim,the Corona Virus is artificial 100% not natural and made in the Laboratory of China.If my statement is wrong,the government can take return my Novel Price even after my death. #mr_GiLL 
Did you know China owns... 100% of TikTok 100% of League of Legends 40% of Fortnite 
Twitter! Colorado! If there are any leads plz contact through this number. My grandma was shot in her car on her way to work. She sadly passed away in the hospital yesterday. Plz! Help! My family is in immense pain rn and all we want is 
My favourite photo Rihanna and Chris Martin on the set of ‘Princess Of China’ in 2011 
Probably China 
#FightTogether The People's Liberation Army on Friday sent its aircraft to transport medical supplies and three teams of experts to Pakistan, Myanmar and Laos to help the neighboring countries in their fight against the novel #coronavirus outbreak. #COVID_19
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is demanding China shut down their risky wet markets. Watters' World will investigate these markets with Professor of East Asian Politics #PeterLi , tonight. #FoxNews 8PM 
BREAKING: Kim Jong Un has reportedly died after a botched heart surgery, according to outlets in China and Japan. No official confirmation from North Korea.  …
In the fight  Covid-19, two countries, both led by women, both US allies, stand out: Germany and Taiwan (which is 80 miles from mainland China, saw the same data as Trump at the same time, but Taiwan’s President, Tsai Ing-wen, boy, she moved fast to save lives.)  …
#CCPVirus #CCP_isnt_China CCP creates the coronavirus as a bioweapon! 
China-based Bitcoin miner maker Ebang files for a US IPO; Ebang had revenue of $109M in 2019, down from $319M in 2018 (Yogita Khatri/The Block)  
Virus won't last long, made in China. 
53,461+ DEATHS Trump SOLD OUT AMERICA owes CHINA MILLION$LED to #TrumpCovidResponseFailure for PERSONAL GAIN Costing AMERICAN LIVES. NUMEROUS Conflicts of Interest #EmolumentsClause RUSSIA Brazil Canada India Japan Saudi Arabia Taiwan Turkey UK etc... @cspanwj 
Forget Beijing and Shanghai. This is the real #China. 
13.5K retweets for a story that was updated by Politico to show that Trump has not in fact owed anything to the Bank of China since November 2012 when they sold the loan  
Lungile Thabethe. My crush on her never waned! 
If the Democrats has been in charge they would have kept the travel from China for 2 additional months. The USA would have been destroyed under the Democrats. Trump 2020. Don Jr. 2024.
Virus was made in China, won't last long. 
Except he doesn’t. The loan is for a building where he is a 30% minority partner. Shortly after Vornado Realty Trust closed i. The loan with THe Bank of China, the loan was sold by them and packaged into bonds. Wells Fargo manages the bond package. @realDonaldTrump
UPDATE2/ Moreover, a key purpose of the thread is to establish the thick web of business connections Trump has with China—which in no way begins or ends with the Bank of China loan (indeed, that was a very late—as in recent—addition to the curation). Those interests remain thick.
UPDATE/ Trump supporters hope to sow confusion over one—of hundreds—of data-points undergirding this curation by noting that POLITICO updated its article on the Bank of China loan with a denial by the bank that it's been connected to the loan since 2012. The Trumpists axed this: 
Trump’s tough on China bluster obscures the fact he owes tens of millions to the Bank of China which is in effect the Chinese Government. No US bank will lend to him anymore because of his multiple bankruptcies. The loan is due in 2022.
It's worse than I thought! China appears to be ending FREE SPEECH in the EU.....  …
Washington state. @GovInslee is a tool for China AND Bill Gates.
who??Cleo very talented that one 
A radio in Mexico doesnt seem that big a  to all those TVs, newspapers, journalists, celebrities, Film studios etc. already in China's pockets
dinner + movie >>>
Your city is nearly bankrupt, most of your residents are unemployed and now you are ordering the few remaining police officers to issue economically depressed citizens $1,000 citations for not wearing a mask. This is not Communist China, it’s Mississippi. 
Hey Garcetti... whats up with Qatar funding your sanctuary city initiatives? Can we talk about CCP CHINA FUNDS TOO? Hmmm $TWTR @POTUS 
“China should not be able to set up shop in Mexico and blanket America with propaganda.” Sen. @TedCruz plans to introduce a bill that would plug a loophole exploited by the #CCP to beam #Propaganda into the US from a radio station in  …
BREAKING North Korea's dictator Kim Jong-un has reportedly died, or is on his death bed with no hope for recuperation -- according to media outlets in China and Japan. 
Made in China Virus 
This is their real face. They support muslims, cartels and China. But not the american working people. Don't vote for them any more.
Don’t forget the Trump owing millions $$$to China story @nytimes @washingtonpost @MSNBC @CNN @BBCWorld !!!!
Are u talking about ur evil owner,  party, which is a group of liars, racists and thieves. 
Just a reminder that Australia, New Zealand and Vancouver were infinitely angrier at  to give speeches than they are at China for infecting the world with a deadly disease.
What a waste of breath. Worldwide, no one believes China anymore. #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied
Oh and China gave him kickbacks 
A Politico story that claimed Trump owes $$to Bank of China has been "updated" to reflect that the bank says he doesn't, and hasn't since 2012. To be clear this is an "update" that guts the entire premise of the story  …
Dear World: Are we stupid? China poisoned us. Now we’re ordering masks and tests from them and they’re faulty. When are we gonna admit they don’t give af about the rest of us and it’s about time we cut off ties with their sweatshops and made EVERYTHING in house. #COVID19
China is ramping up coronavirus propaganda to spread fear in The United States. #SteveBannon is in Watters' World to set the records straight, tonight. #FoxNews 8PM 
#boycott_china_mncs Some pple are with out having the proper knowledge of the Indian Economy and trade telling to ban china products.China goods in india is only 3% of their total products.If china goods are banned we have must ready to buy high cost of indian goods. @makeinindia
f*ck China 
A blogger noted that having more swollen cheeks is the new plastic surgery trend in mainland China. This trend is accredited to Jennie's rising popularity! 
(1/6) The Acting Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mohammad Haneef Atmar met the Ambassador of People’s Republic of China in Kabul, Mr. Wang Yu, today afternoon. Ambassador Yu expressed hope that during Minister Atmar's tenure and as a result of joint efforts, the two countries would 
#BREAKING: North Korea's Supreme Leader/dictator Kim Jong-un has reportedly died, or is on his death bed with no hope for recuperation -- according to media outlets in China and Japan. (Per TMZ) 1/2
With countries  to shift their supply-chain from China, The counter response will be interesting to watch. The unfolding story will be a macro case study for business students. @nimalhperera @ChinaEmbSL
China-backed journalist claims North Korean dictator has died  
World to China : 
wen junhui has been working hard ever since he was a child. he's a child actor and has been an actor in china till he got into his teens. he's always been interested in kpop so he had gone to audition when he got scouted and now he belongs to a top group in kpop known globally
Taiwan is a village of China
The man that saved Americans. From day one he has been right. Fair trade- with china and other country Build the wall to protect Americans from illegal & terrorist Bring back usa factories make it USA Make America great again 2020 is landslide @realDonaldTrump 
This is what is amazing about YouTube, Facebook, twitter they are banned in China, but somehow get sponsored CCP propoganda to run on their sites for rest of the world. Now along with WHO and paid by CCP futher cub freedom of speech and expression.
The following countries account for 172,000 of the 200,700 deaths reported globally due to #COVID_19 Deaths per million population for each country Belgium 597 Spain 490 Italy 436 France 341 UK 299 Netherlands 257 USA 160 Germany 69 Iran 67 China 3 
The full quote, Jan. 22: “We have it totally under control. It’s one  in from China. We have it under control. It’s going to be just fine.”  …
SAGE: 0 molecular virologist 0 ICU expert 0 nurse 0 epidemic control expert 0 social scientist 0 public health scientist 0 information technology scientist 0 citizen scientist 0 digital app innovator 0 logistician 0 adviser from Hong Kong, China or Korea 0 adviser from WHO (2)
China didn't 'send' us anything. The masks were sourced by a Scottish procurement team who purchased them from a supplier based in China. You really, really have to wonder about the #BBC  …
Covid-19 Is Not Natural China Invented It – Prof. Dr. Tasuku Honjo  … via 
DAILY EXPRESS - China threatens EU: Gag criticism of Beijing's coronavirus LIES or face consequences  
A half brother to 2yo Champion, Classic Empire, by Triple Crown winner, Justify. You couldn’t have asked for a better specimen. #quality 
Sign up at  and send Congress a message to investigate China’s role in covering up the virus, bring manufacturing of critical supplies back to the US, make China pay its fair share at the UN, support Taiwan & require universities to disclose Chinese funding 
spl's pope on spl's pope on spreading conquering christianity china 
Glad WE don't live in  country. "Last weekend... seven officers appeared at Lee’s home and arrested the 81-year-old for participating in an unauthorized protest ..." HEADLINE: "Idaho woman arrested at playground closed due to 
While we are busy thinking about Covid-19... There is something happening. #WWG1WGA  …
god dream china line is so fucking powerful 
Seriously, FUCK CHINA , !!!! 
Breaking News: Western Mainstream media exposing China 
. @SecPompeo: The biggest threat isn’t our ability to work with #China on cyber; it’s to make sure that we have the resources available to protect ourselves from Chinese cyber attacks. 
2019 Rock in 
VIDEO: Thousands take to the streets of #Berlin to protest against lockdown.  #lockdown #Merkel #ConfinementJour40 #BorisJohnson #BeijingBoris #Huawei #Macron #RishiSunak #China #ChinaVirus #COVID19 #pritiawful #NHS
BBC Radio News reporting more people have died in Britain than China. #FakeNews.
I think Pollard knew that a Zeppelin over China was going to Warp all of our brains while being stuck inside with our Woofs (dogs) that we needed 4 records to help us Sweat out this Plague. Maybe instead of bleach, the cure lies in a Poppy Field somewhere? #TrustInBobNotTrump 
Bureau of Land Management & William Pendley R NOT doing a 'great job' Removing Wildhorses & Burros that R underpopulated 2 move in more cattle 4 your beef & oil cronies. U.S. is a world supplier of horses 4 slaughter & you're Trade Deal w/China? YOU ARE SENDING THEM TO #China 
#IAMSOMI EP.05  SPECIAL DELIVERY ( feat. LISA BLACKPINK ) SOMI DRINK DELIVERY ( Made by SOM-elier ) + BONUS : ANIMAL CROSSING PARTY @somi_official_ #Somi #소미 
. @andrewkwoods and I seek to put the tech platforms' response to the COVID-19 crisis in context. "In the great debate of the past two decades about freedom versus control of the network, China was largely right and the United States was largely wrong."  …
Mou Bu the strongest man of china 
China is not hero. #CCPViurs 
#boycott_china_mncs I would support this. Finally people of our country has started realising in right direction and hope to see this boycott implemented in the way this hashtag is getting 
That's it!China'sfirst motor racing weekend of the season  A good message has been sent to the world 
Smithfield owned by China also bought Armour Harvard involved China owns several farms in USA China owns our medical supplies now our food supplies Did we sell our lives to China investigate
Africans home and abroad have said NO to Chinese racism towards Africans and black people in general! If you too are saying NO to this racist behaviour in China; RETWEET for a NO to Racism! 
What should @JoeBiden explain to the American people first? •His involvement w/ Hunter Biden’s Burisma Dealings in Ukraine. •Why he let Hunter go on AF2 to China and allowed him to secure BILLIONS from China. •The sexual assault of Tara Reade. •Why he sniffs young girls.
Before anymore taxpayer $$is sent to fund the @WHO, Americans deserve answers about what they knew and their role in helping Communist China cover up the #Coronavirus. My colleagues and I have requested that funding be placed on hold until an investigation  …
Great job Rudy. Look into the $220 million in loans given to him by the central bank of China. Oh wait, that’s trump.
Why did China silence lab researchers, doctors and journalists in Wuhan? Why have some disappeared? Why did China stop travel from Wuhan to the rest of China but allow travel from Wuhan to Europe and America? The Chinese Art of War  …
New episode out on Joe Biden and his relationship with China! ‘They make the Clintons look like cheapos’  
Government removes China from its official coronavirus death  list | Daily Mail Online  
World looking away from China, it's blessing for us: Union Minister Nitin Gadkari to NDTV  
Mtng with China Three Gorges Company for 1124 MW Kohala Hydel Power Project.All pending issues discussed to start this new project.Once started will bring an investment of $2.5 Bn &generate 7500 jobs.Working to sign Tripartite Agreement  days #cpec 
#prisonersofgeography by @ltwitius prescient and relevant China chapter ending 
Review of how pay for US manufacturing workers declined after NAFTA (1994) and after the WTO was created (1995) and after China joined the WTO (Dec. 2001). REMINDER: HOLD THE CHART UPSIDE-DOWN Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics 
Secular people illegally jailed by gov of #India. This is a HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATION like China or North Korea. Modi is the Butcher of Gujarat. This was what #Hindu Nationalist bigots wanted and voted for. Release them immediately @amnesty  …
The Do Nothing Democrats are spending much of their money on Fake Ads. I never said that the CoronaVirus is a “Hoax”, I said that the Democrats, and the way they lied about it, are a Hoax. Also, it did start with “one person from China”, and then grew, & will be a “Miracle” end!
#PaytmGold and #boycott_china_mncs trending togeather. Oh the 
Please help countries in the lower Mekong River to #StopMekongDam They’re suffering from severe droughts because of China’s dams upstream. Such selfish acts shouldn’t be allowed in the  #MilkTeaAlliance 
China has dispatched a team to North Korea, including medical experts, to advise on North Korean leader Kim Jong Un  
Both Do same work #BoycottChineseProducts 
#boycott_china_mncs Buy smartphones from these brands and boycott those who have headquarters in China. 
#Top 5 Discharge ( recovery ) rate are China 93% , Thailand (8)(7) (%) Vietnam 83% , South Korea80%,& Iran 73% #Safe Distancing##May the force be with 
Update. April 25, 2020. The day China sent medical experts to North Korea. #Coronavirus map. Moscow could have 10% of its population infected, lab says. Spain, again gets faulty tests from China. Chaos in Nigeria. Trump's show goes on. 
Global times, call on WHO to investigate how deadly wuhan china virus is? CCP is brutal liar 
African leaders should emulate Tanzanian president. China is cancer and parasite to the world. China lied people died. 
thank you  to china as Mentor LISA seeing you guide the trainees through a journey that you know best, using your experience and expertise to teach them, showing the world a whole new side of you and speaking my language just made me fall harder 
China more or less owns Pakistan now, especially the port of Gwadar. Khan has no choice but to kowtow to China even as China suppresses its own Muslims.  
The Republic of China has disappeared in early 1949. 
This is what Chinese are doing to kenya , African leaders are selling us slowly to china ,one day we will wake up and our lands are gone,ports gone because of debts #AfricaWakeUp #Kenya 
new update 25/04/2020 of MA700 China domestic turboprop project, seems that the wing already mated to the main fuselage. 
Massive clarification in Politico hit piece. Headline changed to past tense, plus this: “Bank of China has not had any ownership interest in that loan since late November 2012.” Entire premise of story is blown away. Story should have been retracted.  …
Locusts, Pestilence of Livestock, Disease: The 10 Plagues of Egypt Seem to be Playing Out in Today’s World, as Locusts Invade Africa, Pigs Die in China and the Pandemic Stalks the Earth #Bible #Prophecy #plagues  … via 
Biological warfare is real. Why else would China be working on so many different strains of covid viruses? NWO number one agenda is population control. Seniors and children are easiest targets. China is deep in the pockets of Democrats and America is in the cross hairs.
WH Trade Advisor @PeterNavarroUSA is doing a great job from Day One. Now he has really stepped up and is needed in our answers to #China. #coronavirus
Coronavirus: China Continues to Flood the World with Defective Medical Supplies:  …
NRSC memo to GOP Senate candidates: “Don’t defend Trump, other than the China Travel Ban — attack China” Maybe the smart GOP political play wasn’t to tie downballot Republicans so closely to Trump? Too late for backtracking now... Sign of the times.  …
Iain Duncan Smith wants China to pay reparations for not warning us about COVID-19 until December 31. It's a fair point - they really should have known that Boris Johnson needed more than two months notice to get his arse along to a COBRA meeting.  …
It is time for the world to  in #China. There will be no peace for anyone until this scourge is gone.  …
Maybe China should.... 
People won’t forget this #Wuhanvirus originates from China! Don’t be misled by their propaganda! 
Does China “own” @realDonaldTrump? #TrumpChina  …
200425 Junmyeon at the video call fansign event with China fans~ #수호 #SUHO #준면 #Junmyeon #사랑하자 #LetsLove #자화상 @weareoneEXO #Self_Portrait 
China has provided the U.S. with over 2.46 bln masks by April 20 -- roughly 7 masks per person. 
MPs Tom Tugendhat and Neil O'Brien of the newly-launched "China Research Group" ( @ChinaResearchGp) tell me why they launched it — and why there's growing concern in the Tory party about the UK's ties with Beijing  
[MY GO] #SVT #SCOUPS & #JEONGHAN Acrylic Keyring by China Carat! RM12/each Scoups ver or Jeonghan ver Size: 5.5cm Deadline:29 April 2020 Need 2nd payment DM us to order! 
#boycott_china_mncs Ask Narendra bhai to officially inform 
I have a few followers but i'll never join follow trains,nfa nga musajja.
~Just a reminder to #China, that maybe eating; cats, dogs & especially bats wasn't such a great idea for the rest of the world.. 
We are maintaining social distancing but now time has  maintaining economic distance from china. 
#boycott_china_mncs We need is trade balance. High margin greed of Indian whole sellers cum retailers is also a big reason behind market penetration of these sub standard, cheap China products So dirty market tricks also kills scope of durable Indian goods in its own market 
What if... The Wuhan Virus was actually unrestricted warfare on the world to destroy the US Economy with Bill Gates, WHO, CDC, Bidens, Soros, Dems/DNC Deep State and China, all with an interest in taking Trump down that would benefit them all? 
look at this farmer from China with his 70 000 chickens 
Exclusive: China sent team including medical experts to advise on North Korea’s Kim  
Behlat china. West Philippine Sea is ours. 
Every cfan is so surprised how they know NU'EST in China is being called as "新東方" = new east They really know everything #JR #김종현 #NUEST #뉴이스트 
Be extreme nationalist 
Alternative theory to why Trump beat it out of the briefing room. It had nothing to do with aides convincing him he was screwing up or virus news. He desperately doesn't want to field questions about what he owes the Bank of China and it's connection to US-China policy.
Like of you have uninstalled this below app from your mobile 
When @Swamy39 Being Swami #boycott_china_mncs #Covid_19 
Make China Pay Again 
"The Coronavirus has exposed China's long history of racism" By Hsiao-Hung Pai @thegurdian  
Han Chinese virus#Uyghur Land og Tibet No China land #get out my country han 
Uninstall China Apps Tik Tok PUBG Helo Shareit UC Browser Vigo Video Beauty Plus Cam Scanner Club Factory China earning crores of money per day by above Apps. Shall we start this task from today? #boycott_china_mncs #स्वदेशीसंकल्पदिवस
Every country has their own approach to collecting data on the coronavirus – from China's Confucian authoritarianism to Germany's post-traumatic technophobia. But one country stands out above all the others: Taiwan 
The Great Mosque of Xi'an, one of China's oldest mosques. 
China will replace those faulty masks, swabs it shipped to Canada as Ottawa ramps up equipment procurement  
#뱃지양도 The final confirmed sample will be made according to this.If you want to buy,please DM!But you need an address in China. 
#boycott_china_mncs Boycott chinise products But not chinise phone no opinion in phone 
Government has limitations and cannot impose a ban on Chinese products. Indians have the power to Slow poison China's economy 
The China embassy released on Friday, April 24, a music video of “Iisang Dagat (One Sea)” – a song in Mandarin and Filipino that praised the Philippines and China’s partnership to help one another as “friendly neighbors across the sea” during the #coronavirus 
boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs 
The monthly inspection of JingHu railway in Shanghai, using CRH5J-0501: China`s first high-speed EMU specially customized for railway detection. 
India and China want to fight Covid19 with alternative medicine. 
Do you know what the #PRC actually stands for? It stands for the Pandemic Republic of Corona (a.k.a #China) 
#boycott_china_mncs #coronaupdatesindia Boycott  and delete their apps and don't buy mobile from 
San Francisco PPE orders have been seized by the federal government, some diverted to the PPE Hunger Games distributors & some of it sent to China & France... so the US can buy them back?  
boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs 
Donations of medical supplies from China arrive in Tirana,including testing kits, protective garments, KN95 masks, and other PPEs. With friendship and solidarity, we will win this war together. 
#boycott_china_mncs ban in Chinese products.. 
China create Corona Virus Now marketing testing kit and PPE. China also trying to buy  When do we understand china politics? 
Boycott china @RLPINDIAorg  …
1. China has released customs data for March. Declared imports of Iranian oil fell to just *$80m*. That's the lowest level in *20* years. This is partly due to oil prices, partly the COVID-19 impact, but it's mostly China degrading it's trade relationship with Iran. 
#100DaysMyPrince is scheduled to air on Japan's terrestrial channel NHK which is a major public broadcaster like Korea's KBS and China's CCTV. And it's also to be released on streaming service U-NEXT -which is labeled as Japan's Netflix- in May 10. This is huge 
#boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs  Alibaba hold 42% share so what about 
China is injurious to world. Every country should boycott and ban china. #boycott_china_mncs
China is well explained in this speech of örkesh devlet, an Uyghur activist in Taiwan. 
Kuch indians mein secular keeda hai !! Janata bolegi mein kyun TikTok etc remove karu ?? Government Ko ban karna chaiye. When you are praising the stuff of china. How can they Ban or reduce the trading? #Trading_deflection should be reduced. @PMOIndia @AmitShah #tiktokban
Africans are being targetted in China, dragged out of their places of work, schools & hotels, humiliated & treated like filth & forced into quarantine or detention. Meanwhile the  here & are treated like royalty because they have money. It is time to THROW THEM OUT!
My top ten favourite movies ! The order changes but they remain the top ten ! 1) Predator 2) Aliens 3) Alien 4) Terminator 2 5) Highlander 6) The Matrix 7) Leon 8) Blade Runner 2049 9) Predator 2 10) Big Trouble In Little China So whats your favourite #movies 
20 tonnes of medical supplies leaves Wuhan, a central Chinese city once hardest hit by #COVID19, for New York  
How China Profited from Corona Flooding d markets Ramping up medical supplies & pharmaceuticals Making d world dependent on China Promoting 'Made in China' Increasing GDP #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied 
#MyYoungerBrother Honorable, Associate Professor, Dr. A.Y.M. Atiquil Islam, PhD. East China Normal University. Shanghai. @DrAtiquil & 
As a nation, China should be ashamed of itself. Because of them the whole world is suffering. They have left no stone unturned to make our lives more miserable by sending us defected testing kits. It’s high time that we should boycott china and its products. 
#boycott_china_mncs Boycott this China virus trying to divide india 
This is shameless and barbaric. Why are Africans being singled out in this way in China? Why can't we do the same to the Chinese that are here? Africa needs STRONG and EDUCATED leaders that will not take nonsense from foreigners regardless of how much money or power they have!  …
Fansign today with China fans OP said for half of the time, Junmyeon spoke in mandarin 
Lets boycott china products : 
Avoid as much as you can. #boycott_china_mncs
Trump Is Personally Indebted To China’s State-Owned Bank  … via @VanityFair
Some scientists say possibility of Chinese Virus originating in Chinese lab. CHINA are to blame for the spread of the disease. 
Tanzania President John Pombe Magufuli has cancelled $10 billion loan from China saying the terms would have only been accepted by a drunkard. According to Magufuli, the terms of China loans are always skewed against Africans. 
china counterfeit of Japanese surgical mask, and of coz they fake Taiwan's product and others too , china product=fake, only wuhan virus is genuine #china 
#boycott_china_mncs ban in Chinese 
: Lee Petra Grebenau FW2020 Collection Love the pearl belt! 
China has reported zero new #COVID19 deaths for 10 consecutive days as of Friday, while the number of patients in severe conditions is on a downward trend, according to the National Health 
If we're really concerned about Americans, why are the small business owners that sell American made goods forced to stay closed, while the big box stores that sell stuff made in China get to stay open?
Declare United states independent again! Independent from China’s products!! Globalization including China is wrong. China brought you the virus. So many people died and dying. Jobs are disappearing. You are losing your life. And China government still hate you! 
This is the 21st century. What excuse does your country have for doing trade with China? #RacismInChina #AfricansinChina #Tanzania @Olympics  …
I strongly boycott Chinese products #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs 
Taiwan lately donated its masks to Japan under the campaign 'Taiwan can help'. Then a lot of masks with 'Made in Taiwan' appeared being sold in Japan. However, after investigation, the products were confirmed to be made in China, Shenzhen with false place claim. 
#China Rare solar halo phenomenon, should be a lot of people have not seen it 
IMELDA PAPIN IS CANCELLED. Propaganda again from ANOTHER LADY CALLED IMELDA! Do the Chinese & Papin want to thank COVID19 frontliners? Or do they want us to forget that China "stole" our seas—w/  EXCUSE ME! WALANG 'IISANG DAGAT'—THERE'S ONLY 1 WEST PH SEA! 
Stark-naked! GOP memo urges anti- #China assault over #coronavirus. Americans, don't be fooled by politicians, please! 
#China Today, the sun halo appeared in many places around the country, circle circle circle, simply too beautiful too shocked！ 
I am an architect and I design buildings. Here's Paper model of Convention Centre for Jehovah's Witnesses Church made by me. Kindly like and retweet if you like the model. Thanks. Forbes| Kanye| Biden| Kano| NCDC| Islam| China| Sowore| Maryam| Fajr| Shekau| Gombe| Yeezy 
Southern and Eastern China are planning to resume flights Early May towards Manila. China also declared they have new cases of a new kind of virus or maybe the same kind. Sharing is loving siguro ang motto ng bansa naten.
This is MewGulf ｉ painted，I love them so much. I hope you like to  forwarding. Please indicate the source ，Please label the source when you repost All business love from China #mewsuppasit 
Jennie is mentioned by this account as an idol whose beauty shines brightly on stage. Her charisma on stage is  by non fans, and she is the only non Chinese national mentioned. 
People giving shit for china eatting bats forgetting idiots in US were eatting tide pods 
Stand Up to China! #ChExitPh 
1/2 Proof that "Bat coronavirus RaTG13" & "Rhinolophus bat coronavirus BtCoV/4991" are the same virus Why never explicitly stated by WIV researchers? isolation_source="Feces/Swabs" host="Rhinolophus affinis" country="China" collection_date="Jul-2013"  …
#NorthKorea #KIMJONGUNDEAD Chinese troops massing on the border of China to secure it. US has 30,000 troops at DMZ. 
Iisang Dagat? Wow, an attempt on false sense of unity while China is sneakingly encroaching our territories during this crisis. Our alliance must be w/ nations respecting our sovereignty. Also, China must pay for attempting to conceal COVID-19. #AtinAngPinas
#DivideAndRule Mean while Wuhan China school exams today. 
“Don’t defend Trump, other than the China travel ban – attack China” Former Pompeo and Tom Cotton advisor authors 57-page memo advising GOP to lash out at China to deflect from Trump’s failures on  …
China keep your own sh*t GET OUT of The 
Hey China, mind explaining wtf is this? It's not your seas, it's ours. Iisang dagat, West Philippine Sea, under the sovereignty of the Republic of the Philippines, not yours. #FuckChina 
Wuhan pneumonia is originated from China 
Sweet pink sea of flowers in east China  
Many of the fights from China are landing in Anchorage, Alaska before being distributed to America as domestic flights. This has to stop .why be socially distanced if the virus continues to be propagated by the CCP directly into our country. Flight Aware. 
China hiding again? Leaked Video shows bodies lying outside a restaurant in Harbin, China's new #coronavirus 
Hong Kong, rule by law Don't forget boycott China #HongKong 
#popeyes will launch their restaurant in Shanghai, China on May 15th. I look forward to Chick-Fli-A! @BryantEdwards 
The human rights website Bitter Winter highlighted the trend of Chinese Communist persecution against members of the Three-Self Patriotic Church, the legal Protestant church in China. Officials reportedly demolished one of these churches on Easter. 
They really do possess the epidermis of a pachiderm! Leave the wps now China! 
UPDATE: China stopped a lot trains from Dalian to Dandong(a city next to North Kroea) people say China is transporting army to Dandong city. Kim's sister will  the New President of North Korea 
#XiaoZhan now，china digital single sale list，xiaozhan top 4！not even in one day！go！xiaozhan！ 
#新冠肺炎 Do the measures well and don't waste your breath slandering China. Trump, please don't throw the pot. #新冠病毒 COVID19, Coronavirus 
If China really did manufacture and send the virus to US it was largely depending on two things for its proliferation. a) stupidity of @realDonaldTrump and b) retards demanding liberty and right to go out in grave times like these.  …
#新冠疫情 #USAVirus No matter how "dumping the pot" of China and polluting China, it is in vain. 
Clark Gable on the set of China Seas (1935) 
#共抗肺炎 #美国疫情 Unfounded accusation that China "hide the epidemic". 
#CHINA PUTS A CITY OF 10 MILLION 'ON LOCKDOWN' TO CURB A NEW #CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK Harbin in north-eastern China has adopted draconian quarantine measures. Officials have banned gatherings and  to surveil residents.  
#新冠病毒 #新冠肺炎 Unscrupulously attack and discredit China. 
China's inactivated #COVID19 vaccine entered the second phase of clinical trial on Friday, according to its developers. 96 persons in three age groups have received the vaccine in the first phase of clinical trial as of April 23 and the vaccine has shown good safety so 
Does the EU understand the seriousness for ignoring the rise of #china ? China authoritarian rule has led to pandemic. No reason to cover for them. 
The Wuhan coronavirus has killed more Americans than every Islamic terrorist  It’s time to treat COVID-19 for what it was - a 9/11 style attack by China.
#MoscowMitch’s sister-in-law sits on the board for the Bank of China.  …
We are from Thailand support #FreeHongKong not are part of china . Hong Kong, a beautiful country. 
*NEW VIDEO* Exclusive - Leaked Documents Expose Second Wave of Virus Outbreak in North China WATCH ▷  
From the start of the coronavirus crisis the World Health Organisation has kowtowed to China and uncritically accepted the many lies of the regime. My column in today’s @theheraldsun on the @WHO’s litany of  …
So YuBin, one of the "Untamed" actors is one the singers alongside with Imelda Papin in "Iisang Dagat" MV. Sorry but China is bullying countries, China gov't is stealing islands. There is never "One Sea".Philippines is never the other side of the sea as claimed by China. 
Crenshaw, Cotton Introduce Bill to Allow Americans to ‘Sue China for Damages and Death’ 
Exclusive: China sent team including medical experts to advise on North Korea’s Kim, sources say  
Qinghai Lake, China's largest inland saltwater lake, begins its spring season as ice starts to melt on the surface 
Bets they’re made in China though??? 
The top suggestions on YouTube for “Joe Biden” on a non-logged-in account are a mix of gaffes, deliberate disinformation, and memes of him being absurd. The last message that broke through was his bullshit “tough on China” pandering that distracts from helping real people. 
Blessing your TL 
Did you know that @SecElaineChao @ElaineChao’s sister Angela is on the Bank of China board of directors? And for those of you not paying attention, Elaine Chao is married to @senatemajldr Mitch 
The Chinese financial investments that end up funding President Trump’s office buildings are the mirror image of the trade deficit that has cost the United States millions of 
"The next time President Trump brings up Hunter Biden’s connection to a Chinese bank or starts railing against the Chinese government, somebody should ask him about his own debt to China." #DonTheCon  …
#TaylorNicoleDean lil friend is definitely a 
China lied about the virus Joe Biden did nothing China took advantage of the U.S. on trade Joe Biden did nothing China militarized the South China Sea Joe Biden did nothing It makes one wonder if Hunter Biden's deals with the Chinese are why Joe is so soft on China!
I saw the stories/tweets about how Trump owes money to Bank of China. I looked at the WSJ story from 2012, when the deal was arranged: "In November, Bank of China became the first Chinese lender to participate in the sale of  securities."
Supply. Chains. Matter. Cc: @#China
It's time we take a stand. The United States must no longer be “Made in China”, but "Made in the USA!" Sign your name NOW:  …
Facts: The Obamas entered the White House with a net worth of $1.3 million They're now reported to be worth $135 million AND Barack Obama still gets a 6-figure pension Trump donated his last paycheck to fight the China Virus? How much have Barack & Michelle donated?
#qanon #who @seanhannity China Lies? 
FACT CHECK - TRUMP actually owes “hundreds of millions” not tens of millions to CHINA for secret real estate deals. FACT2 - TRUMP is ALSO CURRENTLY involved in a quid pro quo deal w Xi to provide DIRT on Biden via Erik Prince. FACT3 - Kushners & DJT Sons owe millions in CHINA!  …
ADDITIONAL SOURCES/ As to Tweet #15, ex-MI6 Russia chief Chris Steele—paid by GOP and Democratic sources to neutrally investigate Trump—always said 70% of his raw intel would prove correct. So far that's been true. This China claim has never been refuted:  
This scoop from Politico about a building Trump co-owns that got more than $200M in funding from a state-owned Chinese bank got a bit lost today in all the bleach craziness.  … via @NewYorker
Seth’s thread about the TRUMP-CHINA SCANDAL begins here:  …
#StopMekongDam We need more support against China bullying ,let’s help them  …
What ever you wanna say about my girlfriend this is what you will get Boys block your 
Is China taking the piss or what 
Cuomo: President Trump Was Right To Criticize WHO’s Response To China’s Coronavirus Outbreak  … 
50/ Stage 2 of the threat America was warned about: a bribery scandal that costs us dearly on domestic policy. We're here now: a pandemic Trump didn't fight because he wanted a deal with China. Trump *thanked* Xi on COVID-19 in January/February even as US intel said Xi was lying. 
43/ It's with all of this in mind that we must consider the *80-day lapse* from Trump receiving intelligence about the virus in November 2019 from multiple agencies and the February 2 execution of Trump's China travel "ban"—which 40,000 got through no problem after it was issued.
42/ But it's more than this: Trump was being told by a cadre of Americans at the World Health Organization in December that there was a virus in China that  to the U.S. and be devastating—further confirming the intel reports from 2 U.S. agencies.  …
Wouldn’t be surprised if Biden campaigned on “partnering” with China on this.  …
Anton Maglica considers a possible return to Hajduk Split after successful episodes in Cyprus and China 
39/ But he didn't just permit it—though he knew from the DHHS Crimson Contagion simulation, the NSC pandemic playbook, and papers submitted by White House economists that the virus he'd learned of in November could devastate the US, he sent China our PPEs.  …
30/ Remember that Trump and his family had long ago learned from major-media reporting that the Chinese were actively looking for clandestine ways to shift Trump's China policy using the business/personal interests of him and his family. All D.C. knew it.  …
The world know about Gates Why does a man who repeatedly says the world is overpopulated want to vaccinate the friggen entire world.. One month before China got the flu he run a "Coronavirus" pandemic simulation exercise with @WHO #Plandemic 
Finally, some Africans are fighting back against the foreign invaders: Tanzania cancelled US $10 billion china loan contract. 
27/ In Trump's public statements, he has said that the money Hunter Biden received in China somehow implicates Joe Biden in corruption involving the Chinese government—an accusation that follows Trump's career-long pattern of accusing others of whatever he himself has been doing.
25/ The answer is *yes*. One of Trump's top men on trade negotiations in China, Michael Pillsbury, said he received *dirt on Biden* from *the Chinese government* the *very same week* Trump tied his "leverage" with the Chinese to his demand for Biden dirt.  …
Good old China.  …
Who's still online, can 
Remember when we found out that Trump owes tens of millions of dollars to the Bank of China? That was this morning #TrumpIsALaughingStock
22/ So in June 2019, Trump had a call with Chinese president Xi Jinping in which he talked about a trade war he (Trump) had started—a war which gave him leverage over China—and Biden's political prospects. And then Trump's team worked feverishly to hide what Trump had said to Xi.
Exclusive: China sends team including medical experts to North Korea to advise on Kim Jong Un amid conflicting reports about his health  
19/ It was in this context—in the middle of a trade war with China *Trump started*—that Trump spoke with Chinese president Xi Jinping in June 2019 and did something a U.S. president never does: discussed *both* U.S. policy and his political rival (Biden).  …
18/ But it's more than just trademarks: Trump *owes the Chinese government hundreds of millions of dollars*. And the Trump-China scandal coincides with some of those  due and some of Trump's  *from* China entering a period of uncertainty.  …
17/ That's right: Trump—and Ivanka—get valuable Chinese trademarks in a way that appears timed to coincide with Trump's decisions on issues in which the Chinese government is invested. In this we see the *same trend* as with his pro-Kremlin foreign  …
16/ You can read all about Trump's conflicts of interest in China here—mind you, just a *few* of the ones we know about, as most are hidden within Trump's tax returns. The most obvious piece is scores of valuable trademarks timed to Trump policy decisions.  …
15/ The Steele dossier was not the first—or the *twentieth*—document to claim Trump's business dealings in *China* significantly *supersede* in size and scope his many failed dealings in Russia, his many failed dealings in Ukraine in the 2000s, or his Middle Eastern golf courses.
9/ Trump no longer even pretends to deny that he was seeking a major tower deal in Moscow while running for  his business interests with foreign policy decisions he'd have to make as POTUS. It's key context for the Trump-China scandal.  …
Red Storm Resistance: @GordonGChang says the most important thing President @realDonaldTrump has done is challenge 4 decades of failed U.S. policies towards China. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
The best VPN for China 2020: #Tech #Data ht: @motorcycletwitt  
(THREAD) This thread summarizes the major-media investigative reporting on the TRUMP-CHINA SCANDAL, a bribery scandal involving Trump's hunt for dirt on Joe Biden in China, his debts to the Chinese government, and his decision to ignore life-saving COVID-19 intel. Please RETWEET. 
Instead of giving a rat's ass about Trump and the press gaggle, how about we focus on the millions he owes to China tonight? And the money he launders for others.
There is nothing #China can do at this point to make any of this better—but WE can. We must prioritize taking care of #USA, OUR people & OUR economy. We must make our OWN food, our OWN military weapons, our OWN technology & our OWN medicines. THIS is AMERICA’S wake up call.
Left for me I will advice Nnia Nwodo to specifically write China, copy US, UN, Britain and Nigerian government to create a record that we are not party to any of their loan to Nigeria. @Amaka_Ekwo @okafo_uche @uchepokore
One of Steve Bannon’s close allies is a billionaire who was accused of spying for China. Another is Erik Prince, whose Frontier Services Group supports Chinese investments. Does Bannon really oppose the Chinese govt or is this narrative warfare? 1/  …
We were so happy when Trump spoke up, as a result of our sharing our research. Now, Scott Morrison, PM of Australia joins in with “We like the world to be safer when  to viruses”. Pls RT n do your part to 
The National Republican Senatorial Committee sent campaigns a detailed, 57-page memo authored by a top Republican strategist advising GOP candidates to address the coronavirus crisis by aggressively attacking China  …
A China-produced jack-up drilling rig is shipped to the Gulf of Mexico. It's believed to be China's #first 400-foot jack-up rig with independent intellectual property 
BREAKING NEWS: Trump Owes Hundreds of Millions of Dollars to China  …
Kick them all out! Any any other china 
Chinese police officer insulting an African man in China. The man showed him his passport after he requested to see it. 
REMINDER: #MoscowMitch McConnell’s sister-in-law, Angela Chow (sister of Trump DOT Secretary Elaine Chow), was named to Bank of China board 10 days after Trump “election.”  …
Don’t you find it weird that Americans are flooding social media with “boycott China” and use “Made in America”products messages and posts Meanwhile in the U.S. Congress, nobody is repeating those rallying cries Don’t get mad with me pointing it out either #realtalk
CORONAVIRUS UPDATES:  — China, South Korea report no new deaths. —  warns against ingesting its products. — Georgia governor defends opening some nonessential businesses. 
 China disappears its own people to advance the regime’s geopolitical agenda, it is appropriate for the FCC to scrutinize every telecom carrier with ties to that regime. Today, we issued Show Cause orders as part of our ongoing work to secure U.S. telecom networks 
China did not ‘send’ them, we bought them from a supplier based in China  …
I handed over the 3rd batch of medical supplies to Dr.Kenneth George, Chief Medical Officer of Barbados, bringing the total amount of China donated medical supplies up to 7000 masks, 5000 KN95 respirators, 8450 gloves, 4530 goggles, 4500 gowns, 250 thermometers and 1 ventilator. 
China sends Scotland 11 million face masks  
Chill 
Working real hard here to label this the ‘New York’ virus. Fox News has been telling us it’s the ‘China virus’. Could you guys maybe talk to each other and let us know what Pravda wants.
TANZANIA: President John Magufuli cancels $10 billion loan from China and says terms would have only been accepted by a drunkard
Why China wants US economy locked down  …
Our nation’s health workers, first responders & essential employees that were forced to work without proper #PPE deserve to know why Donald Trump used gov’t resources to transport 17.8 tons of donated PPE to China, yet failed to stockpile adequate supplies of PPE here at home.
I’m requesting the bipartisan Select  on the Coronavirus Crisis investigate whether Donald Trump owing millions to the Bank of China influenced his decision to facilitate the transportation of 17.8 tons of donated #PPE & medical supplies from U.S. to China in Feb 2020  
“CHINA” for animals and insects be like : 
BIAFRAN Mask Is good for your health to avoid contacting the #ChinaVirus #Covid19, China Mask is not trust worthy and not good for you, Using it may infect you, Stay safe with BIAFRAN Mask. 
The lies and coverup by President Xi and the Chinese Communist Party allowed coronavirus to spread across the world. So how do we make China pay? Read my latest op-ed with  …
Women's European Soccer Championship, scheduled to be held in England next year, will be pushed back for one year to July 
And there it is....tRump is owned by Russia and China. #VoteBlueToEndThisNightmare
Should China be held financially accountable for the DEATH and ECONOMIC DESTRUCTION the Coronavirus has caused the United States and its people?
At this point, if you can’t see that Fake News and Democrats are only delaying the opening of the economy to hurt Trump’s re-election chances, you’re more blind than a WHO investigator looking into China’s coverup of Corona
While President Trump worked to keep Americans safe from coronavirus, Democrats criticized the ban on flights from China. The WHO was saying it didn't transmit from person to person. Nancy Pelosi invited everyone to congregate in the streets of San Francisco. 
#Canada has a vital interest in Hong Kong in terms of protecting & projecting our values of human rights, democracy & free speech. But while the world's attention is diverted by #coronavirus, the regime in #China is undermining and abusing that we cherish.  …
I have really started to buy things when needed that are not MADE IN CHINA. It is very possible and with no price premium! Just do your research first. 
Trump owes tens of millions to the Bank of China — and the loan is due soon. In 2012, his biz partner refinanced one of Trump's buildings. The debt includes $211 mil from the state-owned Bank of China, which matures in what could be Trump's second term.  …
In Mexico, cartels are running out of cash to pay sicarios. In the U.S., prices for street drugs are rising. One reason? Most fentanyl originates in Wuhan, China.  …
10 tons of 2 million ancient coins from Han Dynasty 2,200 years ago unearthed in China 
Happy weekend folks! It’s Groundhog Day/week/Month again..... thank you China! #boxer 
China giving their numbers of infected. 
misery and death exported worldwide #china 
New Normal | Schools reopen in China 
Sears is an  Meanwhile, Soldier's Mann Co. coat was made in China. Soldier is an idiot and we love him for it. 
my interview xinhua news on NED/CIA backed Hong Kong terrorism. Most of those brainless yellow turds have no clue about history, HK has always been part of China and they can be proud to be Chinese. HK riots is a proxy war USA/China WW3 and the HK kids are just pawns 
Did you know? Confucius Institutes are Chinese state-funded organizations at schools in the U.S. & around the world claiming to promote Chinese language & culture. But even #CCP leader Li Changchun has described them as "an important part of China's overseas propaganda set-up."
with my queen Camila 
bruh I miss China 
China's first Mars exploration mission has been named Tianwen-1, announced the China National Space Administration on Friday, China's Space Day 
What the fucking hell, Philippines? Did China even apologize for making our nation suffer due to the #ChinaVirus? China is making our lives miserable and we say sorry to them?FUCK!  …
#COVID19 doesn’t destroy HK But China and HKGOV There is no Rule of Law anymore 
"The Democrats and liberal national media are trying to move the blame for the spread of coronavirus away from China to President Trump for partisan political gain just to win the November elections," say 49 percent of voters (by @SecretsBedard):  … #KAG
'Mum, I hate China!' 
Stay Home, stay safe!! #Missworld Venezuela - China - Philippines - South Africa - Spain - - India - Mexico - Jamaica 
SEIZE CHINA'S TREASURY BONDS TO PAY FOR THE STIMILUS!!
Wanna hear a funny story? When Jisoo and Rosé went to Shanghai for Coach event, Jisoo took all of the spotlight and articles in both China and Korea. And Fansé was fcking jealous so they created a "scandal" for Jisoo. They bashed Jisoo a lot but no one cares. Haha stupid flopstan 
Chinese internet users are shocked by President Trump’s surreal idea. Stop messing around, please, some Americans. You have a ruling team led by such a President, and COVID-19 deaths have exceeded 50,000. How can you blame China? 
While China pushes for global tech leadership, our left academicians are busy teaching “sociology of Maggi” & destroying a generation! 
US sanctions, govt corruption, an inadequate response to the pandemic & domestic unrest have left Iran desperate. Provoking the US is a last-ditch distraction to the Iranian public from its current crisis. While the US has been focused on China we can’t take our eyes off of Iran
195,000 deaths. 8,000,000,000 people worldwide. Sorry leftist scum, China and China only is to blame. This is not worth destroying the world economy. I know most leftists are unemployed and live w/ mom - doesn't affect you. #TrumpLandslideVictory2020 #DemocratsHateAmerica
i found out that thiz girl (Lu ZhaoHua) she's a Film actress in china. And u see she really looks like Kim Bok Joo in Weightlifting especially the way she smile and how crazy she is. Hahahaha 
Trump owes tens of millions to the Bank of China — and the loan is due soon - POLITICO #china  …
The US is gone, i don't want China as my overlord... If we were forced to choose one country to put in charge of the world, under its current government, or even just to replace the US as hegemon, who would that be? I'm thinking possibly New Zealand?
A clear view of the stars in the early morning sky over Yadan in Xinjiang, China yesterday. 
So Cuomo is now daring @senatemajldr to do a banruptcy bill. Talking about a bully he and @ChrisCuomo who also threatened a cyclist are of the same elk. Two jerks. JUST TURNED OFF THE TV. Of course CNN (China News Network) would televise it.  …
and i believe in spades supremacy 
Let's check the most important #crypto and #blockchain news: #Bitcoin has almost fully recovered from March 12th crash:  19 restaurants and retail shops that will be testing China's digital currency:  
IF CHINA EVER WILL HAVE THIER AWARD CEREMONY! 
Apps in China Audience Share 
“The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting” said Chinese military strategist Sun Tzu.Has China followed this? Is this World War 3 in disguise? What happens in war? Deaths, bleeding economies, shortages,capture of territories, emergence of new powers 
Dr Tam - and Justin Trudeau - need to be held to account. So does the WHO. So does the Communist Party of China.  …
Medicine , equipments and experts from china arrive Myanmar today to assist in fighting against Covid 19. Photos 7day new 
You can’t hide COVID-19 deaths in India. India is not China (thankfully). An early (and prolonged) lockdown is now paying dividends. India is defying global trends. The world has NEVER seen 1.3 billion people in lockdown. Ever.  …
Lawyers say China's lax rule of law means big business gets help from local govt & police. Zeng & Li were detained by police after disputes w Huawei. Amazingly, they're doubling down. @FT talked to them over dinner. With @QianerLiu  …
China now: 
Happy birthday to jay @JAYBUMAOM SEXY4EVA hope to see u next time in China 
China spread the virus Democrats spread the lies Media spread the panic The end result? 26 million Americans out of work It’s time to hold them accountable!
August 2067, Malaysia conquered China territory. Check the full map at  #Malaysia #China 
It's time to stop China Communist from further harming the world. 
Our STUPID Gov @GavinNewsom is actually ordering masks from CHINA! WTF! Ever one should be outraged. This guy does something more stupid every single day. CC:  …
#AppleDaily full frontpage anonymous ad today in support of legislator #DennisKwok, who’s seemingly getting the China boot soonish after Beijing has verbally rewritten certain provisions in the Basic Law, our mini constitution. Hongkongers stick together 
As @trish_regan says, we should not maintain economic ties with a malicious #China. There are plenty of other countries to trade with and invest in. Why pick one that seeks our destruction?  …
Moodboard for Filipinos who are just over China's "Iisang Dagat" bullshit,we're honestly tired #CHEXIT #CHEXITPH 
The Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) announced on Thur that it has received two bids to host its showpiece event, the Asian Games, in 2030. Doha, the capital of Qatar, and Riyadh, the capital of Saudi Arabia, submitted official bids to host the 21st Asian 
THIS SHOULD BE THE END OF TRUMP: He has known since the financial crisis of 2008 that China has been buying US real estate - and Trump himself owes China millions SINCE 2012.  …
#China The Qingdao fire has been burning for two days, the villa area on the mountain has been evacuated, and the town is also in danger. 
Why is Gavin Newsom ordering $1,000,000,000 worth of masks from China? Why not order from an American supplier? China has continuously sent faulty & broken PPE and tests to other countries This is putting Americans at risk RT if he should cancel the deal & DIVEST from China!
Islam and other religions are protected by China's constitution. There are many Islamic colleges and universities in China, such as Xinjiang Islamic Scripture college and Xinjiang Islamic Scripture school. Books of Islam are translated and published in multiple languages. 
Now have motive for why he bent the knee to Xi in the early stages of the crisis. This story should be shared by all widely. Trump owes tens of millions to the Bank of China — and the loan is due soon - POLITICO  …
All viruses are paid agents of Pakistan and china #काफिर_आँखें_खोल #काफिर_आँखें_खोल #काफिर_आँखें_खोल #काफिर_आँखें_खोल #काफिर_आँखें_खोल 
2) We can and SHOULD ban together with the rest of the free world in an economic bloc AGAINST China. It’s clear #China lies thus there must be consequences. Who needs or wants China’s markets when they are are not trustworthy trade partners?
China is working on a 500 year timeline. They want to take the USA down by any means necessary. If we don’t get tough and pull as much of our manufacturing out of there, we are going to learn the hard way. We need to #TakeBackTheHouse & get the frauds who are owned by China out!
Interesting: As GOP bashes opponents’ ties to Beijing, Mitch McConnell’s sister-in-law Angela Chao is a non-executive director of the Bank of China, which Trump owes tens of millions to, due  via @politico
When you died in China due to corona virus and reborn in USA 
Don’t you know that you are steps away from  a six figure earner from bitcoin trading. Ask me how? And now bitcoin atm machine also available in china 
again Thank you CHINA. 
China signals World Cup ambitions with new football stadiums | @Sport24news  
 to our @GMFAsia handle! Follow us for our work on China, the Indo-Pacific, and U.S.-EU-Asia relations @gmfus
And Beijing, which controls the Bank of China, has access to all that information.
The leverage this presents is astonishing. What if the Bank of China cancels the loan, or requires Trump to pay it back earlier? What if Trump’s business partner is currently negotiating to extend the loan? Trump doesn’t need to be reminded to understand this.
In other words, while the Bank of China is  lender, it also implements Party policy.
@realDonaldTrump falsely claims “ #China will own the US” if @JoeBiden is elected @POTUS. But TRUMP himself is tens of millions of dollars in debt to China due to a $211 million real-estate loan from the state-owned Bank of China—which matures in 2022.  …
First, the details. Trump owns 30 percent of the skyscraper 1290 Avenue of the Americas. In 2012, his real estate partner refinanced the loan, which included a $211 million from Bank of China, which matures in 2022.
Blockbuster story on Trump's deep financial debt to China. - $200MM loan from the state-owned Bank of China - State-owned Chinese developers building Trump properties in UAE and Indonesia - Chinese government awarded several trademarks to @IvankaTrump  …
POLITICO: Trump is "tens of millions of dollars in debt to China, ... including $211 million from the state-owned Bank of China — its first loan of this kind in the U.S. — which matures in the middle of what could be Trump’s second term .." @politico  …
Anthony Tata’s appointment, if confirmed by the Senate, would further the Foxification of the government and the politicization of the armed services. The last person we need in such a critical position is a MAGA firebrand and Trump 
Watch hubby and me talk with our good friend @RudyGiuliani today (4/24) on his podcast  . We discuss Joe Biden and how he loved China for giving $$$$to his son Hunter....until he didn’t. Episode goes LIVE this afternoon.
Communist China and the Democrats have one main thing  They both promote a hate culture while promoting each other. #BoycottChina
All of China's reaction to #covid19 being copied including Apps to track people and their private lives. So 
Birmingham using Chinese reaction as we see teams spraying chemicals on seats and buildings. Chinese even used drones to spray toxic chemicals into the air. This was the big propaganda used in China to show 'action' and the madness now being used in the West to manipulate public 
Meanwhile Trump owes tens of millions to the Bank of China — and the loan is due soon  via @politico
Georgia Also Opposes China Citrus Imports  … 
The coronavirus has upended the fentanyl trade, cutting into the profits of Mexican traffickers and driving up street drug prices across the US. The reason why? Most of the chemicals used to make fentanyl came from one place: Wuhan, China.  …
Ten wrote down the time for superm live in Korea, China and Thailand because his mom wants to watch it my heart is soft 
Hmmm —> Trump owes tens of millions to the Bank of China — and the loan is due soon - POLITICO  …
Top 5 executioners of 2019 & what UN body they sat on: Egypt, UN Human Rights Council - killed 32 Iraq, UN Human Rights Council - 100 Saudi Arabia, UN Human Rights Council - 184 Iran, UN Commission on Crime Prevention - 251 China, UN Human Rights Council - 1000s
Whoa, whoa!!! This is why there is an emoluments clause. Presidents cannot have financial interests dependent on foreign govts.  via @politico
Hear Him: Another Africa Leader Wakes Up From Slumber, Warns African Leaders Against China Hidden Agenda In Africa. The World Is Finally Preparing For War Against The China Government. @StateDept @USEmbassyAbuja @UKinNigeria @EUinNigeria @UKParliament @WhiteHouse Free 
Iisang Dagat is shit. Don't use Bayanihan to cover claiming our seas and islands. Philippines is not China's! 
This is big. Trump indebted to China.  …
The president's financial dealings with the state-owned Bank of China  his attacks on Joe Biden  …
This means four "judges", aka liberals, thought it ok to release a man that killed people 49 people. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder Washington state’s ‘Green River Killer,’ other inmates denied coronavirus release in 5-4  …
 @cspanwj #WeAreTheNewsNow China owns Biden Change you can... Uh.... I forget
Trump owes the Bank of China millions for helping him acquire one of his most valuable properties. The  due in the middle of the next presidential term. Remember how much he echoed Chinese government propaganda about the virus being contained?  …
Follow the money. It explains everything.  …
In August 2019, a beheading case occurred in the Liannen Tunnel in Jinglin Village, Tseung Kwan O. A fifty-year-old man who Pro- #CCP cut off two women and a man before fleeing back to #China. The man said that without a democratic movement, no unfortunate incident would occur. 
If China have the right to claim territories that they invaded in the past, Mongolia have the right to claim all of Mainland China #DontTrustChina 
Can someone tell us why we're still taking supplies from China? 1 million faulty masks. 2 empty planes. 100,000 test swabs with mould.  …
Woow! First ever African president to turn down a loan from China. I'm not even from #Tanzania but damn this is 
This happened yesterday in China. China is treating our brothers like wild animals, Africa should do the necessary. #chinaracism 
Animators of Boruto ep65 again made an amazing fighting show!! Anime: 一人之下 The Outcast(Hitori No Shita) S3  
Chinese propaganda posters as disinfectants: a 
They still exit in our India N We discussed only about Hindu , Muslim , China , Pakistan #साधू_हत्यारी_भाजपा #lockdownextension 
Schools reopen in China after messing up with the entire world. 
Today is China Space Day, marking the 50th anniversary of the launch of China's first satellite, DFH-1. Today the country's 1st Mars (& interplanetary) mission received a name: Tianwen-1 （天问一号）。 We also got a few glimpses of the orbiter/rover spacecraft: 
China Cat>Rider 4/2/82 Playin> Eyes>Drums> >Phil's Earthquake Space> >Other 1>Black Peter> >Sugar Mags>Playin>Sunshine Daydream 4/18/82 
China manufacturer flat shape 350ml 600ml PE plastic liquid detergent bottle with trigger sprayer 
Meet the new @UN chiefs: Fang Liu - Int'l Civil Aviation Org. Qu Dongyu - Food & Agriculture Org. Li Yong - UN Industrial Development Org. Houlin Zhao - Int'l  Union China now heads more UN specialized agencies than any other country in the world. 
White lion cubs played in the sunny weather at Nantong Forest Safari Park on April 23. The triplets will make their public debut during the  Labor Day holiday. Come and see them while they’re still cute! 
US to china right now. #usaCoronavirus 
Full form of WHO is World Health Organisation, but lately it is functioning as only China’s Health Organisation. WHO has failed miserably in alarming the world about the approaching pandemic which is one of the main purpose of its origin. #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied 
NORTHERN CHINA: UNPRECEDENTED SPRING BLIZZARDS TRAP PEOPLE IN THEIR CARS AND HOMES Incredible footage shows cars buried and front doors to homes blocked, forcing people to climb out windows to escape: #GrandSolarMinimum  …
#China I will forward a series of videos from China TIKTOK here to show all aspects of China now. The  from the excellent Chinese short video bloggers. If there is infringement, contact me to delete. This series is about Living. 
Investors protest outside Bank of China - put their savings in an oil-linked investment product which went to 0 after WTI’s collapse. Woman kneeling apparently lost $700,000 #OOTT @QuickTake  … 
Govt can arrange for Airplanes to evacuate rich from China, but can't arrange for Public transport for poor.. Poor are getting beaten by police on the way when they are walking 500 kms to home #काली_पट्टी_निषेध_आंदोलन #काली_पट्टी_निषेध_आंदोलन
I am Chinese and I love it!!! Racist? How the mainlanders treating the black people in China now is racist! Write or do something about it! This is a jab to Xitler not the race!!’ How much China pay you? #chinesevirus 
China is neck deep in corruption and cover-ups. NEVER, EVER forget that stain on the presidency that was Barack Obama FUNDED THIS WUHAN LAB OF DEATH. 
China has opened “green channel” for Indian air cargo transport during the #epidemic and approved 35 cargo flights carring medical supplies such as PPEs, ventilators and testing kits to India in the need of the hour. We will continue to support India fighting against #COVID19.
The U.S is trying to destroy the relationship between China and Africa 
#Wuhan city now has zero #COVID19 patients in critical condition, said a spokesperson of the National Health Commission on 
I so missed the days when quality products and reliable brands are NOT made in China! #ABC_challenge 
My Learnings from ##COVID: 1. The first loser can be ultimate winner- China 2. Life is fragile, handle with care 3. Rich are less immune than poor 4. Our saviours have been health officials, not our Godmen 5. Animals in zoo feel as we do in quarantine 6. Media is depressing
It's China's jiggery-pokery!!! 
Fuck #China.
Leadership talk by Dr. Abhay Jere, Chief Innovation Officer, MHRD Innovation Cell, Govt. of India with Mr. Gautam Bambawale, IFS, Rtd. Indian Diplomat, Ex-India’s Ambassador to China. #LeadershipshipTalk @abhayjere 
An ARJ21 aircraft, China’s first domestically developed regional jet, took off from Shanghai and successfully arrived at Yinchuan Hedong International Airport in NW China’s Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region on Thur. This was the first ARJ21 jet delivered after work resumption. 
BREAKING: McDonald's and Starbucks to reportedly participate in China's digital currency trial. #Bitcoin
Global pressure mounting on China to close its wildlife wet markets. America says China should close all such markets permanently. Australian government says they should be “phased out” and urges G20 to act.
I’m BACK! A primary school student celebrated his first day back to school with #KungFu in Shaoyang, C China's Hunan, as local primary schools reopened on April 20. 
. @Reuters #Please speak LOUDLY against #WetMarkets and the horror of the #Yulindogmeat & #lycheefestival in #YULIN (Guangxi) in #China where more than 10,000 #dogs & thousands of #cats are tortured, skinned and boiled alive. #Thankyou so much for speaking for them.  …
Considering the Pandemic, I feel we've got a wonderful opportunity to develop Industries which can produce Electronic goods like IR Thermometer, USB, Batteries, LED, etc as we're forced to procure it from #China . @PMOIndia @CMOGuj @MoHFW_INDIA @FinMinIndia @FollowCII
The tale of the dragon & the Guinea pig. China to Pakistan: We have a vaccine. We don’t know if it works. You try it on yourself. If you don’t die, we’ll sell it to you. Pakistan: This is “a great thing for Pakistan,” we’ll get vaccines on “high-priority.” World:  …
China is racist, China is the number one producer of carbon dioxide, China is against free speech, China is against human rights, why don’t SJW’s attack China (CCP) like they do America.  …
1) Visually branded virus 2) Introduced via conflicting footage from mysterious China 3) Establishes mask culture inc reporting on & fear of fellow man 4) Decreases personal equity (biz, savings, emotional) 5) Increases isolation. Result? #BigBrother2020 
" This lockdown is being coordinated by the authoritarian UN and WHO, and lead by Communist China. "  … #infowars #EndTheLockdown 
#Boycott China product 
#BoycottChineseProducts , The rapid testing kits to detect Covid-19 that were sourced from China has turned out to be a failurewith very less chances of detection of CoronaVirus. 
As I said, China has always been a country that manufactures counterfeit goods.  …
US & Australian Navy joints operations in South China Sea  … #SouthChinaSea 
China MUST PAY for the misery and DISEASE they have brought here. Theyre full of lies and propaganda. They allowed Wuhan international flights even tho winnie-Xi closed it LOCALLY Also, Harry Roque is allowing the Philippines to be a slave to CCP #ChinaMustPay  …
Rap of China is judged by Kris Wu, Wilber Pan, G.E.M., MC Hotdog, and Chang Chenyue. MC Jin was also on here and m*rdered me with his Cantonese, Mandarin, and English freestyle- I was left wigless 
I love u so much ,see u again in China 
#OperationHaftaVasooli I guess media persons & govt officials are not taking the biggest fraud scam of this country seriously, Hawala money , China funding and Pakistani Connection may be involved in this scam .I urge you all take a serious investigation in it @htTweets @dir_ed
This original music video Iisang Dagat is dedicated to those who contributed to our fight against the epidemic from both countries, especially the China Medical Expert Team to the Philippines. The lyrics are written by Chinese Ambassador H.E. Huang Xilian  …
Idol Hits is a showcase stage where participants try to top charts in China. Also, Vernon and Joshua were there watch on YouTube Idol Hits Subs 
#香港 Hong Kong is influenced by United States / China / United Kingdom 
China To Donate $30 Million To WHO After US Halts Funding To The Organization  … via @SaraCarterDC
Vietnam lifts lockdown. From the first-known #coronavirus cases in January, Hanoi has taken no chances. Vietnam has had just 268 coronavirus cases and no deaths  …
Really China??!! My Spotify too!!! 
Hongcun, a cluster of Hui-style architecture unique to E China’s Anhui, is a historical village that is famous for its water system design, which follows the concept of traditional Chinese geomancy, or feng shui. 
Love #China 
Another Wuhan? #CCPVirus( #coronavirus) Outbreak in #Harbin ; China Deploys Armed Police to Russian Border “Leaked documents show the number of virus patients there may be 200 times the official data…” @JoshJPhilipp #CCPVirus WATCH FULL EPISODE:  
#ChinaLiedPeopleDie I am towel factory. My name is Dong YangFan. 
Wow, here's ANOTHER person perpetuating Internet conspiracies according to Health Minister Patty Hajdu! WHO set pandemic response back by 2-3 weeks by trusting China's data, says doctor on new federal task force  … #cdnpoli
Our Kun PD join Running man China for the  new season! #CaiXukun 
Yuqi China domination 
CHINA CLOSE THOSE MARKETS NOW YOU ARE EVIL KILLING THE WORLD
4.4 million more weekly jobless claims, wiping out all gains since the 2008 financial crisis. China must pay for this.  …
Izzy is annoying but the ending and her wishing they had taken her. 
China: *Builds 2.6M homes with 99% occupancy*  
Fuck You China Whole World Is Suffering Because Of You #ChineseVirusCorona #ChinaLiedPeopleDied 
“THE F R E A K S COME OUT AT 
Produce 101 China with mentors Wang Yibo, Tiger Hu, Sh- Sh- Show Luo, Huang Zitao, Zhang Jie, and Ella Chen; formed Rocket Girls 101 watch Produce 101 China Subs on Facebook 
. @WarRoomPandemic officially confirmed that one employee from the Wuhan P4 lab successfully escaped from Communist China and will reveal the truth about the #CCPVirus in the next couple of 
China threatens legal and economic retaliation if a Missouri lawsuit to hold Beijing accountable for the coronavirus moves forward. 
"China has a virus last November... The virus can get on a plane, can go to Europe,  to New York, can be anywhere in 24 hours. What made anyone think it was going to stay in China?" @NYGovCuomo calls travel bans "closing the barn door when the horse is gone." 
Lawmakers and experts are alarmed by the recent loan of #Chinese-made #Drones to #Police and fire departments across the US. The devices are already under intense suspicion as a potential #NationalSecurity threat because they can send data to #China.  …
NEW: Cincinnati Customs Seizes Thousands of Counterfeit 3M Face Masks From China -  
Canada respects privacy China uses privacy as a sword with crippling barriers to information sharing across institutions collaborating with corrupt private contractors China uses privacy as a shield to protect criminal & illicit activity of their collaborators and 
Thank you to psychologists from Wuhan, China for helping @APA to learn from their experiences of #COVID and improve our ability to care for the #mentalhealth & needs in the 
Omg my orders from Line friends China arrived today !!! 
This is what is happening in China. Scary stuff  …
Nationwide Drive for FREEDOM! Fri, May 1st @12PM #MAGAMayDay Come together to stand for... The US Constitution will not be infringed upon. Reopen Responsibly & Safely Make America Independent Again (from China)  
Former CIA operative: China uses Dems as 'useful idiots' to spread propaganda, Biden 'in the tank' for Beijing  … This i9s a very legitimate national security and, therefore, political issue.
China  the construction of more than 2.66 million houses to relocate 9.47 million people for poverty relief by the end of March, with occupancy rate reaching 99%, said the National Development and Reform Commission Thursday. 
The first 5 cases of coronavirus confirmed in B.C. all travelled here from China. The 6th case confirmed on Feb 20 flew in from Iran and B.C. would record six new cases over the next 12 days, all linked to travel from Iran.  … #cdnpoli #bcpoli
#BREAKING: AU Ambassador Chihombori challenges Xi Jinping on the 'unacceptable racism' against Africans in China. Powerful. 
China gave the U.S. Poisoned dog food Toxic candy & toothpaste Radioactive drywall Counterfeit  Fentanyl Carcinogenic fish Coronavirus And we still do business with them and buy their crap, WHY?
Big Brother drones made in  to your backyard @KarenSpilka  …
Lol! This Tucker’s guest. China lover. 
See a foreigner turn the other way, This is what’s happening in China , to foreigners all around. #BreakingNews #ChinaMustExplain 
By far, the biggest source of #COVID19au cases in Australia was people travelling here from the US and Europe, not China 
Big Brother drones made in  to your backyard to watch you. on the ballot @va_shiva Dr. Shiva Explains How Indian Medicine Looks at the Body Like a Systems Engineer  …
Considering the trade issues and timing of this virus outbreak Plus the  Durham report its highly likely this was a hit job by the swamp and China
Fuck China 
Joe Biden has chosen as his economic adviser the main Democratic proponent of the China PNTR deal and Wall Street deregulation. Apparently, Biden may really have meant it when he said “nothing will fundamentally change.”  …
Here is a screen shot of that earlier WHO database report on the Remdesivir trial in China NCT04257656 
THANKS CHINA  …
Newsom gave 150 million to Illegals and bought 1 BILLION dollars worth of masks from China. How can he do that?
China Sold Canada 1 MILLION Defective Masks.  …
In the past five weeks, the China Virus has caused: Deaths—1.5/10,000 Americans New cases—2/1,000 Americans Unemployment—8/100 Americans 27 million jobs have been lost due to the China Virus This has gone on long enough. It's time to re-open America. RT if you agree!
WHO, BILL GATES, DEMOCRATS, PELOSI, OBAMA, and CHINA all together to ruin the PRESIDENT.
Don't talk about souls, you sold yours (and ours) to China and others long ago. #ChinaLiedPeopleDied 
China puts a city of 10 million 'on lockdown' to curb a new coronavirus outbreak 
China’s military provocations against our allies and partners in the Asia-Pacific amid a global crisis are concerning. @marcorubio and I are calling on @EsperDoD to maintain our military’s readiness in the Pacific & ensure the U.S. stands ready to fulfill its 
Decided to do my makeup and hair 
China is going to do shit to me with only 300,000 troops 
Great Idea!! WHO had to APPROVE his decision to BUY that amount of STUFF from CHINA?????? Or is it an EXECUTIVE decision?? @GavinNewsom @realDonaldTrump  …
Street art in China 
China’s coverup: @MikePillsbury says Communist China is leading a global disinformation campaign because they’re worried they’ll be held accountable for the Wuhan Virus pandemic. #AmericaFirst #KAG2020 
China has some explaining to do and @SecPompeo is asking questions. He’s putting a bright light on their dark  …
“If you actually want to create global pandemics, then build factory farms.” China's wet markets are a global health disaster. So is our approach to industrial animal agriculture. If we want to prevent the next pandemic, we'll change it.  …
#TBT Hot Rod Street Photo shooting with Pin Up Girl "Aieko Espejo" at Yokohama China Town. 
I think China do much better than you.
Community center in Dachang, a Hui Muslim autonomous county near Beijing, one of the most beautiful buildings constructed in China over the past decade. Local Muslims migrated to the place from South China in the 15th c with the Yongle Emperor of the Ming dyn. 
China kwa.!! Is time Africa should weak up and say NO to this nonsense, is African LEADERS blind.? Don't we have diplomats? No government? Why, Chai . @UN @EU_Commission @UK_AfricanUnion @realDonaldTrump @IsraeliPM @KremlinRussia @NGRSenate @NIGERIApresident 
We strongly believe that #China didn’t report the outbreak of the new #coronavirus in a timely fashion to the @WHO. Even after the CCP did notify the WHO of the coronavirus outbreak, China didn’t share all of the information it had. 
The map of asia has been made, i didn’t realize how much china was ballin lmao. 
China Steps-Up Propaganda and Spying Within the United States 
China Speed! The Shangqiu-Hefei-Hangzhou #HighSpeed #railway achieved the highest speed of 385km/h in a test run on April 22. The railway is the most important line linking the central with the east of China. 
#China Harbin China blocks and quarantines the city in order to stop the new #covid-19 
help im falling in love with china anne mcclain 
166 passengers & crew boarded an Air China flight Monday from Moscow. By the time it landed in Shaanxi province, 28 of them had #COVID19 . Chinese citizens are desperate to get out of Russia, where the epidemic is  …
Love it when he went off on China. He knows 
Kushner is corrupt. China to US plane chartered by Trump's administration touched down at O’Hare last week w 6 million masks & respiratory equipment. Instead of going to the national stockpile, Medline got them. Unbelievable. Just staggering  …
Sinovac Biotech is one of two #COVID19 inactivated-vaccine developers to have obtained approval for clinical trials in China 
President Trump is ON IT. He knows about Fauci. He's investigating the 3.7 Million Fauci authorized in funds to the Wuhan China Lab.  …
Australia has nearly eliminated coronavirus - a testament to the exceptional leadership from every state leader and the PM. Inherently, it is also a reflection of Australia's understanding of China. Why Australia's experience is not being held up as a model globally is beyond me. 
Women explode in the video: Hunger virus is deadly than Coronavirus, the diseases is not for us. …na for Abuja and China. 
When will Congress investigate @JoeBiden for "colluding" with China? 
Nikki Haley launches 'Stop Communist China' project and petition  …
The ultimate challenge! Defying gravity, can you do 
. @SecPompeo: The Chinese Government hasn’t permitted American scientists to go into #China, to go into not only the Wuhan lab but wherever it needs to go to learn about this virus. There’s an ongoing pandemic. We still don’t have the transparency and openness we need in China. 
Wiping Snotty Nose, Touching Everything?? #NastyNancy #PettyPelosi just violated the hell out of basic Wuhan China Corona Virus COVID19 safety protocol [video]  … via @twitchyteam
Opposition to China is officially a bipartisan issue. 
Shoes off at the door and no outside clothes in bed... That’s Law
Starry, starry night Flaming flowers that brightly blaze Swirling clouds in violet haze Reflect in Vincent's eyes of china blue Colors changing hue Morning fields of amber grain Weathered faces lined in pain Are soothed beneath the artist's loving hand 
Other countries asking China about the CoronaVirus #Covid19MojaLove China be like: 
Slow and steady, like water... We look back and see all the ways the CCP has penetrated society, using the guise of helpful investments like puppet strings to propel their agenda. #CCPViurs #CCP_is_terrorist 
President Trump was asked on February 7 "Are you concerned that China is covering up the full extent of the coronavirus?" He said "No."  …
My Stop COVID Act with @SenMcSallyAZ and @Lancegooden puts the power squarely in the hands of the American people and gives them the opportunity to sue China for spreading the coronavirus. 
Today’s Look en china 
Empty planes, delayed shipments, now 1 million defective masks from China... This isn’t going well.  …
500 days later, the “Two Michaels” are still hostages in #China WATCH Manny Montenegrino and @ezralevant talk about this shameful situation:  
 Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech Co. Ltd. & Zhuhai Livzon Diagnostics Inc. made clarifications on the quality of their exported testing kits to #India stressing quality is first priority & their testing kits meet the quality standard of China & exported countries. 
After seeing in the news that a man in China ran a 50K in his living room, Gareth Allen, 47, felt immediately inspired to do something similar. 
It’s not personal, China. It just doesn’t work to connect a transparent system (USA) to a non-transparent system (China). 
I wish you were here, or I was there. 
Canada says one million face masks from China failed to meet proper standards, won’t be sent to provinces  
This behavior is against CDC guidelines. This is literally how the virus spreads. Perhaps Pelosi should shelter in place in her $50K fridge & eat more $13 ice cream instead of spreading China Virus to the entire Congress after encouraging people to go to China Town during crisis.
#China Medical protective clothing sold to #Mexico has very good water permeability, are you sure the Chinese government is working to stop the 
Pelosi wipes her dripping nose with her bare, shivering hand and then wipes that hand all over the House floor podium used by all other members of Congress. She wants to spend trillions of your money fighting China virus but can’t practice basic hygiene 
“American intelligence officers are also examining whether spies in China’s diplomatic missions in the United States helped spread the fake lockdown messages, a senior American official said.”  …
Those who work @MobilePunch are evil and evil shall never ever depart from them unless they turn away from their evil ways. You aren't in China and you know nothing that is happening in China but you chose to report fake news against blacks in China, tufiakwa. 
Can anyone confirm that only girls have been born in #China since the virus outbreak? I don't believe the rumors. Sounds like fake news that someone made up to punish China for their disinformation campaign in this country.
Each passes day, Yoruba media keep showcasing their stupidity, lies and fake news. If truly 72 #Nigerians tests positive of COVID-19 in China, then why were evicted from their place of living and hotels? Useless people everywhere 
AG William Barr is absolutely right! Some of these governors are OUT OF CONTROL and the DOJ should 100% stand with the people, it's borderline house arrest! Construction - SHUT DOWN Family Businesses - SHUT DOWN Big Box Made in China Stores - OPEN Enough is enough!
Double check your facts. Trump acted accordingly, based on what the "experts" were telling him, and yes, he did ban  travel from China for non-citizens.  back were directed to one of 7 airports for screening 
Westerners: Enrique, move to China! Me: Ok 
The WHO has clearly been corrupted by China. Hadju & Tam followed the false and deadly advice of the WHO, advice which has been proven 100% WRONG. They were more focused on political correctness than on public health & safety. Pointing that out is simply a fact.
What a lovely scene! Two adorable kittens are sound 
This is how various countries are dealing with the pandemic! Obviously someone doesn’t know how to wear a mask! #COVID19 #China #korea #France #usa 
Good COVID-19 news: Monkeys given an old-fashioned, inactivated virus vaccine made by China's Sinovac fended off SARS-CoV-2. It also didn't cause harm. Researchers not connected to work have cautious optimism. Human trials underway.  
Stop insulting my intelligence. Event201, ID2020, your relationship w/ Epstein, your cult activities in Africa/India/China/, your 666 patent, your plan, your investment in the WHO, your depopulation antics......, and that's not all. Just GTFA
US crude Price delivered to China = Dubai -$9.00 =$13.55-$9.00 =$4.55 Shipping costs about $6.00 Therefore price landing in China -$1.45. US producers having to pay Chinese refiners to take their crude. How will that do against the $50 billion china is expected to buy. #OOTT
What are your thoughts on ambassador Sarah Serem's statement that no Kenyan slept on the streets in China? 
CCP Army fight virus #Handle made in China 
RT if you want to stop China. 
1 day left! Petition counts still glitching. This is a not just for HK but for Ppl of Chinese and Asian descent（華人、亞洲人）to have document proof that we are NOT 中国人（Chinese believe in CCP ideas and rule in and outside of China) #MakeChinaPay by action 
WE were betrayed by INCOMPETENT Lawyer-Lobbyists who SLEPT as Fauci’s Deep State thugs @WHO+China+ @BillGates + @ClintonFdn+ @CDCgov+BIG Pharma manufactured a “pandemic” to crash economies so we rollover  to mandated medicine #vaccines. They assumed WE were sleeping. NOT!
Women's Tennis Association (WTA) founder Billie Jean King expressed her support on Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal's call to merge the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) and WTA on 
#پاورسیکٹرچورنواز_زرداری and types of investmens from emerging financiers (notably China) was gathered from various sources and triangulated @Team_Mastanda
The Capital flight from EM has resumed in the recent days. Our high-frequency tracking of non-resident portfolio flows to EM shows that the current #COVID19 outflow episode stands at around $100 bn. A clear divergence between China and EM x/China flows is starting to appear. 
Feel the speed of China's bullet train 
Andrew Scheer refuses  on a Conservative leadership candidate’s accusation that chief public health officer Dr. Theresa Tam is promoting "misinformation." “Does she work for Canada or for China?” MP Derek Sloan asked in a video online. 
The Trump well of China connection stories is so deep we could make 10 ads. But we'll start with the corrupt princess, Ivanka.  …
Wow #CCPChina don’t bother to shows its ambition of taking over the world ! Wake up world!! #HongKong #Taiwan n South China Sea is being targeted now, if you don’t stop them NOW, you’re gonna be NEXT! #FreeUyghur #StandWithHongKong #StopMekongDam 
There is a  in Texas that makes masks and yet Democrat California Governor signs a $1 BILLION dollar contract  in China for masks. I’m not buying. Something is off.
#China, which charged Prez #Trump of "racism" for using "China virus," now warns against "African Horse Virus."  …
The world right now: lost, confused, unsure, unclear, perplexed, disoriented and bewildered. All thanks to China. 
China is lying about the death stats from #Covid_19 - it is tremendously higher in China than being admitted. Dictator Xi is nothing but a trouble-maker.
Deportation of Nigerians in Nigeria. You deport Nigerians from Kano to another State in the same Nigeria. The Kaduna state deport Nigerians (Children) to their state in the middle of Pandemic and  to challenge China and other countries? NIG is Fake and you know it. -SE
Wuhan, China (11M pop) deployed 9,000+ contact tracers… @NYDailyNews reported last month that NYC was hoping to triple the number from 50 to 150. NYC’s health department did not respond to a request 
Ching Ching China sitting on the bench 
It's been said that "China uses Democrats as useful idiots." Everybody uses Democrats as useful idiots.
Our media: Jan: It's just the flu! Feb: It's racist to say Wuhan Flu! March: Why did Trump cancel flights from China? April: Shut down the USA! Who cares if you have a mask & keep your distance! Who cares if you lose your job & your house! Arrest anybody who goes outside!
"...we estimated that approximately as many as 232,000 infections could have been confirmed as COVID-19 cases in China by February 20, 2020, around four times more than the 55,508 cases identified by that date.": #coronavirus #COVID19 #China  …
China To Donate $30 Million To #WHO After US Halts Funding To The  …
Why are U.S. police departments using #China-manufactured drones to police  Has anyone evaluated the magnitude of national security implications? No China-manufactured equipment should be used in any defense or law enforcement function:  …
Mike Pompeo just said we may never return to funding the World Health Organization. They pushed Chinese government propaganda and covered for their lies. Their director was elected with overwhelming support from China. RT if we should never fund the W.H.O. again!
I DO NOT HAVE ANY COMMENTS ABOUT THIS CHINESE WOMEN. SPREADING CORONAVIRUS . SHE IS POSSITVE WITH CORONAVIRUS #ChinaVirus #ChinaVirus #ChinaStory #ChinaDailyCartoon #USA #Chinazi #China #chinaracism #China_is_terrorist 
Sweden Closes Its Last Remaining ‘Confucius Institute’ amid Strained Relations with China |  
No more economic dependence on China No more outsourcing jobs to India #AmericaFirst
It happens frequently in China. 
Which countries read the most? India Thailand China Philippines Egypt Czech Republic Russia Sweden France 
Vietnam has reported 0 COVID-19 related deaths with 268 cases after 90+ days since the first outbreak in January.⁠ ⁠ A country with over 96 million people, bordering on China, managed to contain the pandemic better than most similarly sized countries with larger economies.⁠ 
a great idea but MOST if not ALL Africans becos will frustrate this investigation becos first they hv bn bribed into silence (cant even speak against violence visited upon Africans in China/eviction of even women with kids) Debt Trap is a devastating tool China has 
#Mahabharatmemes #Mahabharata World- Why didn't you take effective action for containment of the spread of Corona virus? China - 
Schools in China as they start opening. Wonder what our school will look like? 
Our VP is in this great @NBCNews piece about our support for a new WCW-inspired bill to govt spending at wet markets: "The govt never should have spent taxpayer at China's wet markets, and this bill will make sure it never does again.”  …
BREAKING: Australia says all WHO members should back coronavirus investigation into China and Tedros  …
Trump Surrenders Another Role To China! 
It is not a coincidence that the same nations that the US & its allies say are authoritarian evils (ie. China, Russia, Iran, Cuba, Venezuela, the DPRK) are also the only remaining nations that resist US hegemony, dont have US bases, & refuse to enforce the US' imperialist agenda.
Turns out SWAMPY #KellyLoeffler wants "serious consequences" for #China over #COVID19. Question is, will there be SERIOUS CONSEQUENCES for her insider trading? #TheResistance #CNN #MSNBC #FoxNews #Yahoo #Google #ThursdayThoughts #FBRParty
200423 Jennie ranks at No10 in Aiman Index the daily ranking of Korean Artists Most Active Fans in China. (Pic not mine) @ygofficialblink 
Our worst enemies - Iran, China and North Korea - are all hoping Trump loses the election. Hmmm. Seems like a pretty good reason to vote for Trump. 
The discrimination is planted deep in China 
African students in China gagged & told 2 'respect Chinese culture & politics' or face dismissal. All African students are currently locked up on campuses & this is 2 prevent them from speaking. Most are on scholarship and fear losing it and thus stay mum. 
If you know you’ve watch at least one movie on this mention it I wanna know my mates 
Australia calls for investigation of the WHO’s handling of the coronavirus. Great move by @ScottMorrisonMP on not letting the issue go and holding China accountable.
Coronavirus: WHO failed to implement rules on China – US Pompeo reiterating China’s mishandling of COVID-19 outbreak said they made it impossible to track the evolution of COVID-19 by refusing to share virus sample from inside of China with outside world.  …
Ramadan begins today. Spare a thought for the estimated one million Muslims in concentration camps in northwest China's Xinjiang, some of whom have been forced to eat pork, drink alcohol, shave their beards, and scorn the Koran.
#家でオリジナル塗装 China Eastern Airlines Boeing 787-10 
THREAD: For the last few weeks there has been much speculation that the new coronavirus began as a lab accident in China. Today @emilykwong1234 and I dig into the science behind the claim:  … tl;dr Scientists don't buy it.
New: Study of 318 outbreaks in China found transmission occurred out-of-doors in only one, involving just 2 cases. Most occurred in home or public transport. Raises key chance for states to move services outdoors (religious, gym classes, restaurants, etc).  
China Dawson Rigging Hardware, Alloy Links, Alloy Hooks, Alloy Rings More information, please contact us, sales11@dawson-group.com 
Chinese experts will build a survey telescope with wide field and high resolution in NW China's Qinghai. The Wide Field Survey Telescope, featuring an advanced active zoom optical system and a 2.5-meter in diameter optical telescope, is expected to be put into operation in 2022. 
China Donates N48m To Support Nigeria’s Fight Against COVID-19  
In yesterday’s episode of Common Sense, we dove into Joe Biden's lifetime career of selling his public office, to include, his business dealings in China.   …
Strongly deplore the attack on senior journalist Arnab & Mrs Goswami in Mumbai.. Shame on led Opposition. This is not North Korea and china. This is india #ArnabAttacked 
Wuhan virus has been used like a bioweapon says @CPDChina  …
What are your thoughts on ambassador Sarah Serem's statement that no Kenyan slept on the streets in China? 
for those who think they are making clever money doing business with Communist terrorist China... 
Debunked: Fake videos purport to show violence against Africans in China. Some people are spreading dubious sensational materials on the internet to misinform and incite hatred, even violence. 
BREAKING: China to conduct clinical trials of #COVID19 Vaccines in 
THIS IS A MUST WATCH NEW AD FROM @ProjectLincoln attacking Trump on China. It is fire!! As a reminder, @ProjectLincoln is Republicans who want to save America and our democracy. That close is brutal. "Trump 2020 Making China Great Again." 
This new @ProjectLincoln ad attacking Trump on China is fire!! 
Ok, @realDonaldTrump & your knucklehead team. You want to talk China? Let's do so. . .  …
In Wuhan, China, where the novel coronavirus emerged, doctors said they initially intubated patients to help them breathe, but 'the disease had changed their lungs beyond our imagination.'  5/8
Girls' official DouYin 
#ChinaLiedPeopleDied today we focus on disinformation campaign by China to deflect attention from its grotesque negligence 
Perhaps because I like China, my first instinct was to dismiss the hawks for being alarmist. "They're just trying to recreate the Cold War or deflect from our own flaws," I thought. The more I follow this, the more they appear RIGHT. China is on the offensive. Follow it closely.
After probably crippling planet w negligence-doing bat virus research at #WuhanVirologyLab, #China tried to deflect attention by powerfully supporting fake news stories about  sabotage & phony lockdowns. We can never resume addiction to China. #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
The new 2020 campaign strategy, amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, with @David_Bossie and Congressman Peter King. We also dive into Joe Biden's lifetime career of selling his public office, to include, his business dealings in China.  
Why does this government seems incapable to take any clear decision when it involves China’s interests? They still haven’t said if they will let Huawei infiltrate our telecom networks. And yet the decision should be easy to make.  …
Petra china cooling glass-u 
NEW VIDEO @realDonaldTrump wants to make this campaign about China? Ok. Let's talk about China. Paging: @IvankaTrump #MCGA 
W. E. B. Du Bois on the American attitude towards China: "We hate China. We propose never to forgive the Chinese. We count them outside humanity. We charge them with every crime we can invent." 
China weighs in on speculations of #coronavirus originating in U.S. 
C is for China #AlphabetAdventures. China is such a beautiful country. I've been lucky enough to visit Beijing, Shanghai and Harbin. I've lived in this country for the past 5 months. 
fuck China 
Just had my third covid-19 test. Getting quite good at them. This one nearly a month after got back to China - they are hyper vigilant around imported cases.
Sick of the following #COVID19 talking points: 1) It’s a hoax. 2) Severity & death count = exaggerated 3) China is to blame. Feel free to add to the list.
Communist China regime using American media for anti-American propaganda  …
“Bolstered by China’s powerful surveillance state, even the simplest interactions are mediated by a vast infrastructure of public and private monitoring intended to ensure that no infection goes undetected for more than a few hours”  …
Australia's "review into #COVID19" is purely out of political motives. It'll only disrupt international anti-epidemic cooperation. When all countries are doing their best to save lives, it's unpopular & extremely irresponsible to make wanton 
In early February — while the world focused on China — the coronavirus was not only likely to be spreading in multiple American cities, but also seeding blooms of infection elsewhere in the United States, new research shared with The New York Times found 
Liu Qiangdong, the CEO of China online giant JinDong (NASDAQ:JD) resigned recently might be caused with series of projects from its financial subsidiary which led several investment of billions down to zero, causing hundreds of investors homeless. @Nasdaq @XHNews #COVID19
Indeed, China must be accountable for what they did. 
50million in total,but China only funded WHO 40million in 2019. 
McDonald’s, Starbucks, And Subway Among The Companies To Trial China’s Digital Currency - 
China's Liaoning aircraft carrier transited the Bashi Channel and headed eastward into the Philippine Sea, according to Taiwan Ministry of Defense. 
China Communist is not only killing tens of thousands of people, but also ruined the world economy. 
This nose mask speaks volume We are Biafrans we can do without China's nose mask, Aba will do better #SaynotoBillGatesVaccine #NotochinasNosemask @AnyikingsI @IChimumanda @IgboSydney @MAZIOBIBOND1 
China not a ‘friendly neighbor’ of Philippines —Hontiveros 
I give it to China. Create a virus to force the world into ICU (lockdown). In the meantime manufacture the cure so that the world could depend on you. In this position you now call the shots. This is called HOW TO CONTROL THE WORLD 101. 
#پاورسیکٹرچورنواز_زرداری Karachi, and Sahiwal set up under China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) during the last government will be be making Rs483.64 billion extra profit in next 30 years under heads of projects.. 
A very good session by Mr. Gautam Bambawale,Ex-India’s Ambassador to China in which he talks about various offers or opportunities for India during this COVID-19 crisis. @AICTE_INDIA  …
#ผู้หมวดขาลูกจ๋าของแม่หายไป Are you hungry, Mingming? Come on. Next time  to China, mom will take you to eat delicious food 
It's FINALLY happening people! I look so much forward to that! Thank you Lauryn and China! @laurynMcclain  …
#Chinamustfall ... fellow south Africans, China malls must just not open after this lockdown!!! 
Yesterday there was reports of 28 #greyhounds on a meat truck in China . Candy Cane have been able to #Rescue these hounds and they are now at the vets for check ups and care they will need . Video of them in the truck. If anyone can help with funds that would be 
On April 23rd in 2003 Beijing closes all schools for two weeks because of the SARS virus. #Beijing #China 
A time-lapse record for #AN225 at Tianjin Binhai international Airport (TSN / ZBTJ)in China ，to take on board a medical equipment to fight #COVID19. @AntonovCompany  to China frequently. 
#BREAKING China has announced it will donate another $30 million to the World Health Organization to help the global fight against the coronavirus pandemic 
So China wants to test their own #vaccine in Pakistan. Very good. But why not China, at least they’re more than 1 billion people 
#GodMorningThursday Those who have taken Naam Deeksha from Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj know that lord Kabir can do anything. Everyone from India Italy Spain America China Iran should pay attention to this 
Yes Yes.. China is #ChinaVirus Proof 
Foreign owned multinational  will never pay for the natural gas they take from Australia and they won’t sell it to us but they do sell it to Japan & China giving them an energy cost advantage over us but still Our government won’t act. @PaulineHansonOz #auspoI
Damn Hypixel China has old maps, but did you know on that server 1,000 stars used to be black? 
Follow the drones and behold the dazzling night view of shell-shaped Zhuhai Opera House in Zhuhai City, S China's Guangdong province. 
They asked those stranded in China to pay for evaluation, guess who are they. They also did the same to those in Britain. But those of them studying in Sudan are to be evacuated free of charge. Guess those studying in Sudan.  …
A park in China.. 
JUST IN: China has announced it will contribute another $30 million to the World Health Organisation's efforts against coronavirus
China has decided to donate another 30 million U.S. dollars to @WHO, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang said at a daily media briefing on 
#BlackTwitter China ain't even acknowledging the racism and discrimination going on in their own country towards black people. 
China has spent hundreds of billions of dollars on reforestation efforts and has been responsible for over a quarter of the worlds reforestation efforts. One of the 4th largest desserts in China, located in Shanxi (over 40,000 km²), it is now 93% green space-covered. 
Listen, please! #China 
Yes, it’s not just China, any country who wants to have a trial will chose Pakistan after all there are so many worthless & poor lives in the country n no it’s not about friendship! Plz try in on ur on people 1st n if it’s successful then send it to Pakistan! 
Reading the global tea leaves Tea was depicted in China by "茶" - called "cha" in Mandarin of mainland China n "te" in Min Nan of coastal Fujian. Nations that got tea thru Silk Road (land) have “cha(y)”, while that hot tea via sea - have different forms of "Te”! 
“ I have lived in China for 20 years, why are Africans not allowed in the hotel”. The reality of Africans in Guangzhou, China. We need to make Africa great again. 
Take small steps every day and one day you will get there. 
Our patent search just got one of the most exciting updates ever: you can now search documents from 19 new countries, including China, Japan and Korea! The number of patent documents in the system more than doubled, reaching 75 million. 
As a famous Pu'er #tea producing area of China, #Bulang Ethnic Township on Bulang Mountain, southwest China's Yunnan, boasts picturesque scenery in spring. 
Trump : China is responsible for spreading virus Media : Now what will you do to China? Trump : 
Touring china 
LOOK: U.S. and Australia send warships to South China Sea with a Chinese vessel that was reported to be surveying for oil in disputed waters during a global pandemic. Photos: U.S. Pacific Fleet photo/Released 
Coronavirus is so bad, this guy died twice? Fake News 2 for 1 China Virus Death Special!! 
bitches never had shit and still ain’t got it.
metal roof tiles of china! we are professional producer! 
But It is also AFFECTED On other Countries Also But Not China @sudhirchaudhary  …
Thank you for your support ! This was what Hong Kong looks like before the pandemic. China hasn't stopped in pandemic, still suppressing Hong Kongers. China is the biggest totalitarian regime, #DecoupleChina & #MakeChinaPay for reparation.  
[WEIBO] 200423 #GregHsu for Calvin Klein Jeans as the new spokesperson in the Greater China region #许光汉 #xuguanghan 
How do people see a story where both a parody of 1950's America and a parody  China blow the planet up with each other think the message is just capitalism and america is bad.  …
China is Finished 
So is Bebe planning to go back to China or let someone spot her with May Ling since she forgot her trial was on the news and her face is recognizable now 
World Screen (China) Megazine April Cover GD!! #GD #GDRAGON #BIGBANG #VIP #YG 
#China #JoeBiden It's amazing how this photo got deleted from the White House 
China cannot claim to be a friendly ‘neighbor across the sea’ when it has continued its land reclamation activities in the region, all while we’re battling this pandemic. Friends help each other out, not occupy their islands & destroy their reefs. Pay up!
Animal cruelty in #China. Note: This is just a mild example, the tip of the iceberg. The extreme disregard of life and total absence of empathy towards animals in a lot of people in China is just mind-blowing and sickening. #BoycottChina  …
#郭文贵 MilesGuo has always lived in fear, fearing that the American master will be sent back to China whenever he is not happy. 
Believe it or not, #China harvest organs and sell it without people’s consent. Watch more on:  
More violence against Africans in the streets of China... 
After suffering #COVID19, the world should refuse #China's attempts to return to business as usual unless  with our demands, including removal of Xi Jinping and surrender of $6.7 trillion that it holds in debt and equities abroad. My latest:  …
#香港 The issue of Hong Kong is China's internal affairs, and no other countries are allowed to interfere.Guard Hong Kong and severely punish Hong Kong elements. 
me and china are working on our youtube channel guys :) when  back, it’ll be different than before but MUCH better. promise
Chinese noodles not the inspiration for pasta, historians say, its roots are in ancient Greece – and they have the texts to prove it  …
Another evening, additional nonsense: The president falsely claims they're doing more tests than any governor wants, does at least his fifth *different* exaggeration about Pelosi in Chinatown, repeats false claims about his China policy and Michelle Obama:  …
I fully support holding China accountable for the economic and public health damage they have caused Arizona. Sign up below if you agree.  …
Jennie is praised by cnetz for thoughtfully covering up Jisoo during DDDD promotions. Jennie is referred to as a "small gesture fairy"; she does things in a quiet way to help others. The video reached 200k views. 
Please sign the petition and MAKE CHINA PAY.  … 
#YOONA • First Drama as main lead = Rating reached 40% • First Movie = 7.8M Views • First Movie as main lead = 9.4M Views • First Overseas Drama (China) = Ranked #1 w/ Rating of 2% & Hits 10 Billion views • First Solo album = 50k album sales • 10 Billion building owner 
I’m sick of people trashing the USA. I’ve traveled the world. Portugal, UK, Morocco, Sweden, Canada, China, S. Korea, Germany, Spain, Japan, Mexico, Denmark, Hong Kong and more. Americans live in the best country on this amazing planet. We’re insanely lucky. Act like it.
For several decades,our nation’s political & economic leaders,in both parties,made the choice to prize economic efficiency over resiliency, financial gains over Main Street investment & individual enrichment over  good. All this helped #China and hurt America 
Join us on Friday in the USA and Saturday in China 
#China's second wave of #coronavirus infections is  increasingly difficult to hide. #Harbin is now hard hit.  …
#SignsYoureACOVIDIOT  out of China in January that there is a  but you don't want to break script #OpenAmericaNow unless politicians and govt bureaucrats want to forfeit their paychecks like many American have 
not if it was made in china... #ChinaFree
Who would have known that #WorldWar3 was gonna be AFRICA vs CHINA !??? It’s beginning... 
The 1st session of our Online China Business Matching Opportunity event is up & running. This event is a unique opportunity for Australian suppliers to meet one-on-one with buyers via videoconference from major supermarket chains, retailers, distributors & importers in Shandong. 
WHOLE WORLD is SUFFERING with CORONAVIRUS PANDEMIC Because of BIRTH of CORONAVIRUS in COMMUNIST CHINA Similarly, WHOLE WORLD is SUFFERING with LOWEST INCOME EARNINGS Dueto CARTEL CAPITALISM Created by @G7 in 1970s @UN UNO FAILED Miserably in Achieving 
Send these drones back To China. Who ever gave the department’s permission to use these doesn’t have the brains they were born with.
The heroes of this pandemic are the Chinese doctors and reporters who tried to overstep the government and warn the world. One day when we are able to reflect on all their crimes, we will be astounded at how the rest of the world allowed this to transpire. 
#新冠病毒 #USAVirus It was the Donald Trump regime, not China, that delayed the best response to the virus. #新冠病毒 
200423 AIMAN China Entertainment Gold Data has updated TOP20 Artists Active Fan List on April 22, 2020 No.1 #XiaoZhan 314,656 active followers #เซียวจ้าน肖战 #เซียวจ้าน #肖战 
China should go back to this flag and also  
good morning to china line invading soonyoung’s personal space 
i love you babe #brightcnf3000 l am From China's fans 
Meet Furong Town, or Hibiscus Town, in central China's Hunan, an old town with a history of over 2,000 years that is known for the waterfall that flows from cliffs where ancient buildings stand. 
CHINA OWNS THE BIDENS
Should we be holding China more accountable for the spread of the #coronavirus? North Texas Congressman @Lancegooden thinks so and has actually filed a bill to make it happen. Hear why in today's  …
China unleashed this deadly pandemic on the world and that’s where Joe Biden should direct his anger. Only problem is Biden said “a rising China is a positive development,” his family made millions there and he opposed President Trump’s China travel ban which saved American lives
In China’s Henan province, #telemedicine is helping doctors to reach  detect the virus remotely, and keep people & healthcare workers safe by reducing travel & contact. #TECH4ALL 
“Wow, that’s really ignorant.” Anderson Cooper clashes with Las Vegas Mayor Goodman after she justified her wish to quickly reopen casinos, saying, “This isn’t China, this is Las Vegas,” after he showed her a graphic of how coronavirus could spread in a restaurant in China. 
Ivanka Trump's brand continues to win foreign trademarks in China: coffins. Her father provides the costumers.  …
wake up !!! WHO full controlled by CHINA !!!! 
. @jermainedupri #SpeakOut: It’s #Crucial That #China #BanYulin(6/21) #DogCatMeatTrade & #WetMarkets #Diseased #Healthy #Cats #Dogs #Caged Together For #Transport.. #Unhygienic Live #Slaughter.. #Leads To #Rabies #Viruses Like #CoronavirusPandemic TY 
since when did America started to trust anything China said?  suddenly China's lie  so effective on USA that the entire country based its full decision on what China said? how did China lie anyway? by quarantine and lockdown cities in January?
China Airlines 747 cargo heading out from @DFWAirport #boeing747  – at Terminal E
“China now is like 1930s Germany. Leader worship, cultural  spurious territorial claims, suppression of all dissent, concentration camps. Unless you want no vote+no freedom, we need to stand together against the tyrannical Communist dictatorship”
Spring scenery across China 
Scott Morrison. On the Ruby Princess.. This is not the time to investigate or get bogged down by what went wrong. Also Scott Morrison. On China & what went wrong. We MUST investigate & have more powers to investigate. They're hiding something. LNP voters don't see it? #auspol
#China enables #Serbia to set up an awesome anti-COVID lab dubbed Fire Eye:  Now we're talking #WarOnCovid (:3> #COVID19 #Corona #BeatCOVID19 #SRB #CHI 
@realDonaldTrump - Why are you such a liar? I voted for you and as each day passes I regret that move more and more. You  about this on Sean Hannity’s show, Secretary Pompeo tweeted it out, and with your huge ego you stated you sent the PPE and a ton of cash to China  …
How #China influence public opinion outside China? They are “50 Cent Army”. They earn 50 cents/reply. Never trust China. #ChinaMustFall 
The #CCP 中共病毒 keeps killing decade after decade. Let's have a party. Free China from the 
Democrats: If you don't vote for Biden you support Trump. Tankies: If you don't support China & North Korea you support US imperialism. George W. Bush: Either you are with us or you are with the terrorists. Darth Vader: 
Still bored.. Fu*k you China 
TONIGHT: I'll be on @seanhannity to discuss China's disinformation campaign against the US and how President @realDonaldTrump is keeping #AmericaFirst in his response to Iran. TUNE IN to @FoxNews at 9:20pm ET/8:20pm CT
Got the free “Health Pack” (anti-covid supplies) from China Consulate General NYC, thanks! “You don’t believe China has worked through this crisis, because you don’t know how much China and her people had paid for it.” 
You have been so MisLed..!! Ivanka just got two patents from China last year..!! Notice..Trump's closest Pals are Foreign Murderous Dictators.!! Putin, Saudi Prince, Kim Jung Un, Erdogan.!! You should be concerned that he refused #TestingKits from the W.H.O. in Feb. 45K+ 
Kennedy Calls For On Sanctions Against #China and Freezing Of Chinese Leaders' Bank Account. Furthermore, She Calls For American Citizens To Be Able To Sue Chinese Leadership.  …
VIDEO: African man is cornered and attacked by mob in China ( #PRC)  #chinavirus #COVID19 #SouthAfrica #chairmanxi #BeijingBiden #BorisJohnson #huawei #chinaisracist #HongKong #kenya #Nigeria #MakeChinaPay #NHS
Our colleague Michael has been arbitrarily detained by China for 500 days. Each passing day is a stain on China’s reputation, an injustice to Michael and an act of cruelty to his family and loved ones. #FreeMichaelKovrig  
Missouri is suing China over the Coronavirus. As someone once said, "That's the kind of stupid duct tape can't fix."
Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region is located in the northwest of China. It covers about one-sixth of the country's total territory. Xinjiang is famous for the diversity of the minorities, and their food, customs and unique cultures. Have you ever tasted the snacks in Xinjiang? 
Your daily reminder that @WHO parrots Chinese propaganda. Wuhan virus is racist China is handling this great China’s numbers are true No human transmission Taiwan is Taipei No need to wear masks Travel ban is racist This isn’t a global health emergency ALL false. All from WHO.
All bus, rail transit network resumes operation in Wuhan, C China's Hubei Province 
I was pleased to join @repmattgaetz, @senatormcsallyaz, & my Iowa Senators, @ChuckGrassley and @Senjoniernst on a letter that seeks to block American tax dollars from being distributed to China’s Wuhan Institute of Virology. We know China lied, and we shouldn’t fund their labs.
The Trump-COVID scandal is likely *another* bribery scandal—one in which Trump corruptly exchanges an official act for personal financial and/or political benefit. Just like Russia. Just like Ukraine. Just like the withdrawal from Syria. Just like all his dealings with China.
China questions whether Peter Dutton originated in a lab  …
As soon as the UN opens again, the US should call for an emergency Security Council meeting on China’s involvement and knowledge of the virus. When did they know & decisions made. If ever the was a time to have a world discussion, it would be following this pandemic. #GetAnswers
China bar saying  is  really soon. This is a good sign because YG always informs them the first because of import of the albums. 
What China has done with the world. 
So now we learn that China played Trump. Russia, North Korea, China, Saudi Arabia, et al played him like a banjo. And all the other countries laugh at him. Are Trumpsters so cultish that they don't see this presidency for the clusterfuck it is? #TrumpIsAnIdiot
photos from Dali from backpacking around Yunnan exactly a year ago (my favourite province I’ve visited in China so far!) 
Problem w/ @NYGovCuomo snark on 'essential' is not just imperious gov't, it's burden shifting. Essential/non-essential is wrong question. Not our burden to show a job is 'essential'; it's gov't's burden to show a job can't be done safely. See AG on  …
I just missed a call from China... 
whats wrong with you? please roll away！Do you think the conscious Chinese will forget the humiliation of China？That shrinking turtle hasn't solved this yet. How do you think you can earn Chinese money？?big face 
In Missouri's lawsuit against China, every allegation against China also applies to Trump "Lied about the danger and contagious nature of Covid-19" "Did little to stop the spread of the disease" "Silenced whistleblowers"  …
Air-conditioning spread COVID-19 to 9 people in a restaurant in China - Business Insider  …
[[[YOU GOT TO OPEN]]] DID CHINA WRITE A CHECK? WE MUST PUT AN END TO THIS IMMEDIATELY. WE NEED TO BRING IT ALL BACK HOME. @lions_us 61,000 MEMBERS STRONG cc: @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @AARP @AmericanLegion @VFWHQ @NRA @SaraCarterDC @jsolomonReports @seanhannity 
Alhamdulillah for everythingbeshak har mushkil k baad assani hai.china has prepared a vaccine to treat covid-19 patients nd it would be launched in pakistan in three or two  plz dont take crona too easy #stayatHome nd 
Beijing is building its military strength, violating maritime laws, incarcerating Muslim Uighurs, colonizing Tibet, suppressing freedom in Hong Kong, stealing intellectual property, waging information warfare, and hijacking international  …
Part 3 @DigitalPhablet #China #BioWeapon #coronavirus #BioTerrorism #SaveYOUrPlanet #SaveYOUrSeas #NOzone #SocialSafety 
Senators want to ban U.S. from buying animals from China's 'wet markets' blamed for outbreaks - NBC News  
Check how China government monitor their own citizens. 
here is the current styles and options for our headband collection price? 1 for $12 OR 2 for $20 purchase through the link in my biouse code: HB220 for a discount at 
I would like to congratulate the PRC Embassy-Ottawa for helping draw more scrutiny to the Communist Party's intimidation of its own people, and its continued abuse abroad. The people of China, & those who stand with them, can  a good copy editor. #cdnfp 
We said yesterday, PLIN looked ready to move. Firm revealed plans to expand recession proof meat/pork business in China. Chart shows bounce from low of $1.11 with $6.75 price target from Goldman analyst. $ENZ $HTBX $AIM $CODX $AHPI $KBSF $PHIO $AIM $CPHI $IMAC $BKYI $SPHS 
#GOODNEWS #BREAKINGNEWS #Vaccine against #coronavirus finally attain finality ... #China in collaboration with #Pakistan have almost done up with ...get ready to launch #CoronavirusOutbreak 
The Chinese virus is going to turn us into a China surveillance state  …
Inviting every Filipino!!! Show your anger! Fire up your facebook and twitter. Use social media influence and invite everyone this Saturday April 25, 1:00PM to join our FB and Twitter Party against China using the hashtag #ChExitPh 
Second of the China Blue tile patterns. I  placing over terra-cotta #AnimalCrossing #ACNH 
First of the two China Blue tile patterns. #AnimalCrossing #ACNH 
China spread the disease, Democrats spread the lies, media spread the panic, they crashed the economy All to destroy our President Trump. 
To jointly confront #COVID19 is our current priority. But I'm really worried about the "ABC" mindset: Anything But China. 
Anyone remember Dean Koontz 1981 prediction of China’s Wuhan 400 virus? 
Detroit Lions Sneaker For Men Women. #Sponsored The Price Is Under $75.00 And Shipping Is FREE From China/Hong Kong/Taiwan. Browse  
So China via their proxy #WHO is now dictating how every county, village, town, city, state & country in the world is to respond to the virus? & if you dare question these dictates YouTube & Facebook say you will be silenced & removed of the platforms?
Ask China to pay. #ChinaMustPay 
Daily Reminder: China Did This China hates You China lies China wants You dead China owns WHO and more.. FYI -Love Chinese Hate CCP Party members CCP kills without consequence 
“Wow, that’s really ignorant.” @AndersonCooper clashes with Las Vegas Mayor Goodman after she justified her wish to quickly reopen casinos saying, “this isn’t China, this is Las Vegas,” after he showed her a graphic of how coronavirus could spread in a restaurant in China. 
WOW: Exxon Mobil just broke ground on a new petrochemical plant...IN CHINA Why are they investing $10 BILLION helping our greatest enemy as US jobs are lost & US oil futures are tanking—all while asking for bailout money! This is Un-American Divest from China @exxonmobil RT!
The #ClimateChangeMovement is just a cover for the implementation of the Chinese version of Communism (CCP). Look at how China does things, the elite will be pushing that oppressive way of life here, along with the same kind of Social Credit System, they already are. #WeSeeYou
The world is witnessing China  the greatest modern day feat of internationalist solidarity, while the West gears up for aggression & war on China. We must learn from China that the only way forward is not bombs & war but instead internationalist socialism & solidarity.
COVID-19: Buhari, APC sold Nigeria to China – Pastor Giwa raises the alarm We can’t believe in anything they say anymore. If they show us a green-colored leaf in the night, we will wake up in the morning to see a white-colored leaf.  …
Governor Cuomo is bringing in Mini Mike Bloomberg to do contact tracing. Very reassuring to know a scheming globalist, who's partnered with China, will now be tracking us.  … #Quarantine #CoronavirusNewYork
I nominate Xiao Zhan from China as "The most handsome face of 2020" 
Our China's Collectivist Thought make us stronger than Selfish Capitalist country. We understand, sometimes have to Sacrifice. 
WHO declared #COVID19 a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on 30 January 2020, when there were less than 100 cases, and no deaths, outside of #China. 
If you love America you will never buy anything made in China again 
NEW COLUMN IS POSTED! TRUMP AND CHINA: A LOVE STORY 
Anderson Cooper just tried to show Las Vegas Mayor Carolyn Goodman, who wants to reopen casinos, a graphic depicting the spread of coronavirus in a restaurant in China. Mayor Goodman: "This isn't China, this is Las Vegas." Anderson: "Wow, that's really ignorant."
“Because it came from China, Thats why i call it Chinese Virus” Crisp and clear .. Take it! 
NEW: The Trump campaign hoped to spend early 2020 defining Joe Biden. But the pandemic scuttled plans. Now it is trying again, with attacks on the VP's ties to China and not-subtle insinuations about his fitness for the job.  soon? Hunter Biden  …
Joe Biden has spent 50 years simping for China. 8pm EST I’ll discuss w @CLewandowski_ & @elisestefanik @teamtrump  
The former head of CSIS almost lost his job years ago for speaking the truth about China.  …
Proof please. I only recall WHO said the virus is not human infectious and asked the world not to close border with China. 
JUST IN: Mississippi to file lawsuit against China over response to coronavirus  
#YoonA - SuperELLE China, Spring issue 2018 Photographer: YuCong (于聪) 撰文: Leven Stylist: Lee Bo Ram (이보람) 微信编辑: Yiran Wang 
You don't need to be a Communist or even a Socialist to recognise the positives as well as the evils in Lenin's rule. Not least, his New Economic Policy established pragmatic market socialism which eventually succeeded in Deng's #China  …
The Chinese Communist Party allowed the coronavirus to spread across the world. Their lies and coverup cost countless American lives and livelihoods. We need to empower Americans to hold China accountable. 
#Earthday Throwback to the Great Wall of China 2017 
Hope Trudeau weak up from his China dream, CCP is not to be trusted 
FUCKING CHINA DOG SHIT 
Why are Canadian taxpayers giving emergency funds to foreign students? About 100,000 of them are the privileged elite from China -- the sons and daughters of Communist Party officials and oligarchs. Why are Canadian taxpayers giving them free money?  …
Grim anniversary: Two Canadians imprisoned in #China mark 500 DAYS in captivity MORE from @SheilaGunnReid  #cdnpoli 
Dear America, 30 million of us are out of work because of a virus unleashed on the world through the malicious  of the Communist party of China. Remember this, every DNC journo/politician squealing to keep the economy closed *still* has a job and is getting paid rn
48 years and nothing  besides selling our country to China. Also, didn’t your handlers say you were going to start wearing a mask? #BidenCorruption 
United States is suing China for the #COVID19 pandemic.
so Missouri has filed a law suit against China Doc Siegel has called this virus an International Crime AND guess what #democrats are doing.. ya, investigating WHY President Trump signed the emergency checks to save Americans from this attack
@YouTube @SusanWojcicki doing anything based on what the @WHO has to say is the blind leading the blind. The WHO  with what has happened with China. The @HHSGov and @CDCgov are far better sources!
~13.7 thousand Bank of China retail clients suffered big loss from U.S. oil's May contract's historical negative settlement price -37.63$. BOC clients lost ~30 million usd and still owe the bank ~52 million usd. 
HOLLYWOOD =CCP/CHINA! CHINA OWNS HOLLYWOOD! ALL ACTORS/ACTRESSES PLEDGE THERE ALLEGIANCE TO THE CCP/CHINA! WAKE UP AMERICA! “WE THE PEOPLE” NEED TO STOP SUPPORTING THESE CRIMINALS THAT HARM OUR FAMILY VALUES!
BREAKING: Countless bodies falling on the street at a restaurant in Hongtu Ave Taiping District, #Harbin #China. Cause unknown.  ) Notably, it was reported that one person in Harbin has infected 78 others recently, and one of the 78 persons infected by 
I was just video chatting on @zoom_us with the editor-in-chief of @NonghuaNews, we both feel that if #China tried to pin the virus on #Canada, Justin Trudeau would just roll with it so he didnt offend anyone. What do you think about Canada's silver spoon 
NY Times: "Under China's Brutal Quarantine, No Option for Wild Rice"  …
Spain is sending back faulty coronavirus tests to China that were supposed to be replacements for the first faulty batch  …
Communist China want to suppress all the protest and arrest all the demcracy leaders in Hong Kong. Please stand with Hong Kong. #StandWithHongKong 
Here's Trump blaming China for US coronavirus deaths, followed immediately by him hyping that "we're opening again." (There were more American coronavirus deaths on Tuesday than any previous day.) 
 … My book was just published. It's about the tea trade but also about: China, India, labor, ideology, and writing capitalism's history in Asia and the postcolonial world. I'll be posting some more about it soon - since there are no Steph Curry games rn. 
US Navy Seals during war against China 
Is China taking over Hollywood?
Two years ago I warned that our relationship with #China was headed toward a dramatic and dangerous imbalance that would leave Americans wondering why we no longer invent great things, or why we must rely on China for medicine. WATCH 
I wish the government would delete the China line from its daily COBR charts. WHO believes what Beijing reports(?).
i feel like in China this means dinner is ready 
My Stop COVID Act gives Americans the opportunity to take Communist China to court and demand accountability for the regime’s lies and deceit. 
China's Space Day 
The Lie That Won't Die You’ve heard over and over that China hid information about COVID-19 from the U.S. But the timeline doesn’t add up. The Chinese CDC informed the U.S. about the virus on January 1st. 
Lol crazy conspiracy theorist....they are discussing a timing difference of weeks/months. So while you were traveling in February they had been working on a vaccine since January when it started spreading in China
Bank of China just told investors to cover its fail at crude oil contract. That's a -300% loss. LMAO. #cefi 
SCOOP: In a first Mike Pompeo says Access to "Multiple Labs in #China" and NOT just Wuhan's, is Required by World to Determine source of #COVID19. Says WHO has failed, & Merkel supportive of investigation.  …
China virus. Nazi behavior. 
Please make (not) Animal Crossing skin for Switch Lite. China skin look like crap 
This is happening in China! A group of Chinese men beating an innocent African man in China. 
If you love America you will never buy anything made in China again
The gov'ts of China and HK are cracking down on pro-democracy activists under cover of the pandemic. U.S., U.K. and Australia have strongly condemned the crackdown. Trudeau’s Liberals promise only to “monitor” the situation. Shameful.  …
Murshad Sad #beard #Islamophobia_In_India #corona #EarthDay2020 #blackpink #TimeToBoycottIndia #china #92NewsHDPlus #imrankhan 
The Trump Administration has Harvard right in the crosshairs. The Ivy League got huge donations from China & elsewhere & did not report them. That’s illegal. It’s time to enforce the law. It’s time to make an example of some college presidents.  …
America already has the largest foreign aid program in the world, you chicom troll. China needs to pay, with money or blood. 
#Germany has approved the 1st clinical trial of a #COVID19 #vaccine, and authorized tests on 200 healthy volunteers aged between 18 to 55 years, the Federal Institute for Vaccines and Biomedicines announced on 
This sensationalized NYT article today about China is a perfect replica of the worst Russiagate reporting: inflammatory claims about a US adversary leaked by anonymous US intelligence officials, uncritically disseminated with no evidence or specifics:  …
The Emancipation Of Mimi was The BEST SELLING ALBUM on CHINA in 2005 
Anti-China bigot and fake "progressive" Matt Stoller was a staunch supporter of the criminal US war on Iraq (never forget, 1 million Iraqis died) During the war, @MatthewStoller also attacked anti-war leftists, defending Pelosi's funding for Bush's war:  
The Chinese Communist Party now increasingly employs abroad the tactics it uses at home to unite friends and isolate enemies. In his new report, @tombschrader looks at 5  of China’s political interference in democracies.  …
140423 18th China Music Award #첸 #종대 #CHEN 
As I write this, more than 45,100 Americans have succumbed to the #coronavirus. #China killed them. Why are we still doing business with that country?
. @AirlinesAntonov begins a series of flights to deliver medical supplies from #China to #USA More -  #avgeek #COVID19 #An124 #An225 
WTF IDK WHAT TO SAY BUT THE QUOTE IN CRAZY RICH ASIANS WAS FUCKING RIGHT tbH CHINA next time take the damn sleeping pills 
US to South China Sea 
Meet some of the 2020 members of the U.N. Commission on Crime Prevention: Burkina Faso Afghanistan Mauritania Nigeria Kuwait Eritrea Russia Turkey Egypt China Cuba Iran Iraq
China reportedly has an emergency medical team on standby if North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's condition further deteriorates after cardiovascular surgery.  …
Here’s the truth: you FAILED to prepare us for the #COVID19 crisis & sent critical medical supplies to China—supplies that could have saved people’s lives. Also, @us next time. 
#China Creepy Joe love young people... 
China is asshoe! 
If you think Trump is getting serious with Iranian Navy you haven't seen anything yet Keep an eye on the South China Sea...
China its covering their own asses, for poisoning the world, with their 
FuckCCP, China will have to be punished for what it has done to Vietnam and Hong Kong #MilkTeaAlliance #StopMekongDam 
Mo mei/Mook Mae(墨梅/묵매/ㄇㄛˋㄇㄟˊ) is a kind of Oriental art. It started in China and spread to Korea. 
If China has Corona Virus, India has more scary Virus - Arban Goswami. Sad. Disgraceful. #ArrestAntiIndiaArnab
.⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ warned us about China from the first day he ran for office, and did more  the threat than all other  Democrats laughed at him. The MSM mocked him and called him a xenophobic racist. ⁦ @JoeBiden⁩ doubled 
China continues to lie and spread disinformation to the civilized world to coverup its own  corruption, and dishonesty.  …
Hongkonger and Taiwanese are NOT chinese. We hate china very very much. #Fuckchina #Hongkongerisnotchinese 
Gyms in China’s capital city of Beijing were forced to close again over the weekend, as fears rise over a second wave of coronavirus. 
The Chinese Embassy blasted a Filipina senator for demanding that China pay the Philippines' expenses in battling COVID-19 as a reparation for destroying the reefs at West Philippine Sea. 
Damn China 
 for Chinese brand «Nongfu Spring Tea Pie» Advertising in Shanghai, China 
Today’s #HongKong Read: NGO report detailing HK first-aiders’ experience of police abuse submitted to UK All-Party Parliamentary Group on HK. Important info for  US State Department certification required by HK Human Rights & Democracy Act. Https://www.hkcro.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/20200420-Submission-to-UK-APPG.pdf …
China has developed COVID-19 vaccine and Pakistan is going to receive it pretty SOON making Pakistan one of the first few countries in the world to launch COVID-19 vaccine! Kudos to China Synopharm Intl Corp. and National Institute of health Pak 
China and the Nazi Playbook 
Supporting you forever. Love from China 
~♪ the pinkflower — tracklist ✧*。 1. innocence ~♪ 2. china ~♪ 3. nothin' 'bout this ~♪ 4. kissed one ~♪ 5. obsession ~♪ 6. bubble gum trouble ~♪ 7. pick a side ~♪ 8. bullying ~♪ 9. this is what happen when you being like a bitch ~♪ 10. i do ~♪
#ASEAN replaces the #EU to  #China's top trading partner. @CharlesXiaCheng 
The largest owner of May futures which expired on cray cray day earlier this week was Bank of China. Based on the reports of their losses BoC greatly exceeded CME listed exchange position limits by way of structured products. That’s brazenly unlawful.
Chinese mob beating black man in #China. #BlackLivesMatter 
First class graduate Biochemistry student in KUST DNA is a Dangerous Natural Acid Coronavirus is a state in China where covid 19 start 
We are on the brink of War says an inside source. To my Knowledge alot of talk between IRAN and China. This is not a great way to keep WW3 at Bay. 
Good job. China must pay for what they did and their lies. Don’t let China run away! #chineseVirus 
A stunning male Rhinogobius sp. flexxing his stuff to another male. These guys make rivers in southern China their home. Himb is a beaut! #Gobiid19 numero tres! :Cheilinus Aquarium 
#brightcnf3000 hi～bright，I'm a fan from China. To set up this topic is to let you know that there are still many fans in China who like you and support you.We will always stand behind you and support you. 
Again. Whitewashing. Propaganda. #brightcnf3000 #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #china #chinavirus #BoycottChina #MilkTeaAlliance 
#HongKong flash back #6. More #ViolenceAgainstWomen, how cowardly to attack in a mob, and how much more pathetic is to attack a lone girl? If this is what the "peaceful" #HongKongProtesters fight for, then we need to oppose them vigorously. Arrest these #BlackShirt 
To the morons who respond, “China wouldn’t do such a thing” Think again #BillGateshacked 
Let's pause to think about things that could have been! In 2015 we won  to design the China Comic and Animation Museum (left). But the client changed direction, built the project without us, and... let's just say the result (right) is not what we had in mind. 
love from china 
Hope you  to China。 
BIG BREAKING!! EXCLUSIVE!! China has developed COVID-19 vaccine and Pakistan is going to receive it pretty SOON making Pakistan one of the first few countries in the world to launch COVID-19 vaccine! Kudos to China Synopharm Intl Corp. and National Institute of health Pak 
fuck china 
