The problem with China, Sir David, is that they know you are  poppycock There is no #ClimateEmergency just a #ClimateCult R.I.P my namesake, and legend, David  …
No war with North Korea, China, Russia, Syria, Iran. Dems said he would. In fact Dems pretty much guaranteed it if Trump wasn't removed from office that he would spark WWIII. #PresidentOfPeace #StableGenius #MAGA Do you support @realDonaldTrump?
Erm. Someone should tell @CGTNOfficial that state propaganda works better on a platform your sympathisers can access Meanwhile, it’s nice to know that the good people of China are being made aware of our efforts. Many want freedom. 
Watch:  China "is building up their military in a very, very rapid fashion… aimed at invading & taking over #Taiwan while fighting the United States in the western Pacific to keep us  to Taiwan's defense.” @Ian_M_Easton on 
This hierarchy of racial oppression and privilege is such a western-centric thing. The idea that BAME people aren't oppressing each other in the world is laughable. Is China not an imperialist state? Is Myanmar not murdering thousands of Muslims? Is India not a fascist state?
China has made a major breakthrough in the development of the Hall-effect thruster (HET), an important space propulsion technology.  …
This is NOT Chinese culture, this is CCP twisted culture. CCP is not China. Chinese culture is about courtesy禮, righteousness義, incorruptibility廉潔, nobility知恥, kindness仁 and learnedness學養。 Since the Cultural Revolution, the mainlanders lost all Chinese heritage.
With more investments in the research and development of giant #ships, China's shipbuilding industry has been developing at a fantastic rate, setting many world records in recent years. 
#ChinesePneumonia #Update: 17 new patients infected by #WuhanPneumonia today. But researchers think the official data might be understated - the estimated total patients could be 1700+. Confirmed so far: #China - 62 #Thailand - 2 #Japan -  …
“You talk about making history this week, @realDonaldTrump made history. The trade deal with China, the Dow Jones exploding past 29,000. That's all historic.” - @KellyannePolls Between securing a trade deal with China & USMCA, POTUS continues to look out for American workers. 
Think of it in the past 2 weeks Trump managed to kill Suleimani without starting a war, signing phase one US/China trade deal, getting USMCA passed in the Senate which now awaits his signature, that's more than any other politician did in the past 40 years.
Because #China, our enemy, is trying to isolate #Taiwan, we should be trying to integrate the island democracy into the international system. Our policy should be to support our friends, but in this case we have been doing the opposite. @Ian_M_Easton  …
China’s ambassador to Sweden summoned after he hit out at ‘smears’ in latest outburst against Beijing critics. Foreign minister Linde said “Freedom of speech prevails” in Sweden, and “what China’s ambassador now does is very serious.”  …
If you are surprised the NY Times always takes a soft line on  People's Republic of China, recall that the NY Times rented out its opinion page so the PRC's Huawei could attack the Australian Government.  …
2 major things signed this week. 2 very different stories. On one side: Trump signing a phase 1 trade deal with China to deliver for American farmers, workers, manufacturers, and more. On the other: the Democrats’ impeachment sham, going nowhere. The difference is striking.
"I never thought that one day my father would be imprisoned in Xinjiang, and I would be on the other side of the world, trying my best to speak for him." @JewherIlham #China  …
A German former diplomat suspected of spying for China was recalled from his post as EU ambassador to South Korea after his security clearance was withdrawn  …
Los Angeles International Airport is now screening passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, for symptoms of a mysterious, deadly new virus. #lax #coronavirus 
Americans: "China is a police state!" Meanwhile:  …
On the return of Banditry and the attempt by Boko Haram to take the Maiduguri Damaturu road there is only one solution to that problem. Drones. Weaponized drones with deadly capabilities. If the US won't sell let's head to China. They have advance model of the Ch-5. That is
China’s new killer robot ship goes through its first sea trial  … via @scmpnews
Passengers from Central China’s Wuhan city will be screened in three major U.S. airports. CGTN's Ediz Tiyansan is at Los Angeles International Airport, reporting why the U.S. needs to worry.  
Beijing has massively expanded its global fishing efforts, threaten the soverignty, sustainability, and security of coastal states around the world. @CSISOceans director Whitley Saumweber explores China's hidden maritime ambitions:  
The Phase One deal between the U.S. and China is a major win for Louisiana farmers and energy workers. China will buy an additional $32B in agricultural products and $52.4B in energy products. This will be a crucial benefit to our local economy.  …
Also, China if you’re listening....
“I think a true ‘China dream’—the dream of most people in China—would probably be for their government to evolve and to reform politically the way the government in Taiwan did.” @Ian_M_Easton of @Project2049 on American Thought Leaders Watch:  
New Chinese virus 'will have infected hundreds' am I The only one who finds it concerning these things originate in China...what are they experimenting on  …
The reality of climate change is that the US will have a fractional  to China, India, and Africa. All with rising populations and are using over 50% coal. We need to push for emerging technology like @CCTCInc to help upgrade their plants or....
Trump wanted to rig another election and now wants to blame the Democrats for attacking “the right of the American people”. Trump asked Russia, China, and Ukraine for dirt on his political rival making Trump the one to take that choice away. #TRE45ON #DumpTrump2020
“It’s unclear what Gen. Bipin Rawat, chief of India’s defense staff, meant. But rights activists fear that something like what China has introduced for Uighurs could   … He was clear enough. It is just that what he said is incredible.
Watch:  #China: “Out in the deserts of Inner Mongolia…they have an entire section of downtown Taipei built up, including the presidential office…And then they conduct military exercises attacking it.” @Ian_M_Easton on American Thought 
China's censors are turning their attention to the rest of the world. 
Miles Guo: Why delete the video of China’s Vice-Premier Liu He’s press conference? How does the CCP view the US-China trade deal?  via @Gnews202064
Here's what we know about the 'phase one' US–China trade deal.  …
India’s top  has suggested that Kashmiris could be shipped off to “deradicalization camps." Rights activists consider this an alarming echo of what China has done to many of its Muslim citizens. 
LIVE:  #China: “We’re not keeping up with the threat… We’re focused on not changing the status quo… [But] the Chinese Communist Party wants very much to change the status quo. And they’re working day in and day out to do that.” @Ian_M_Easton on 
What's going on in the South China Sea? Are we on the verge of World War III? Watch full episodes of #WhatOnEarth only on @ScienceChannel and on SCI Go. -->  
Exactly the deals between Iraq and China worth about $500 billion over 20 years, all will be paid by exporting oil to China. That is all required to rebuild what USA destroyed in Iraq. USA has no interest in rebuilding Iraq, USA wants to keep Iraq destroyed.
All the shit going on, Iran, China, New Trade deal, climate change—Australia and Amazon burning to the ground... And press will waste the next 2 weeks asking candidates: “Who is lying? Bernie? Or Warren?” Thanks, Liz.  …
Our last president gave Iran the means to finance worldwide terrorism. He gave the Russians uranium. He ignored China’s arms build up and constant theft of our intellectual property. But Trump is a threat???  …
The 400 richest Americans, the top 0.00025%, have tripled their share of the nation’s wealth since the early 1980s. The distribution of wealth in the U.S. resembles Russia & China more than democracies like UK & France.  #SmartDissent 
Full video of Klay Thompson's halftime jersey retirement ceremony at #WSU. "I'm so grateful for where basketball's taken me. It's taken me to China, Brazil, New Zealand, Spain. Around the world. But there's nowhere like Pullman."  …
Infected 2 Chinese citizens now it’s a “New Chinese virus”? Lazy journalism or subtle racism? SARS pandemic originated in China 2002. We never called it “Chinese Severe acute respiratory syndrome”. Asian Flu tho. We’ve been blaming ‘the other’ for years  …
The Crescent Spring is located in Dunhuang, Gansu Province of China. It can be considered a natural wonder of the Gobi Desert. Just as its name implies, the lake appears like a crescent moon and with its crystal clear water, resembles a turquoise or pearl inlaid in vast desert. 
The Stone City is located in Tashkurgan County, Xinjiang of China. It was famous for its location at the junction of middle route and southern route of the ancient Silk Road. The Stone City was made the capital of Puli Country in Western Regions during Han Dynasty (206BC - 220). 
here's photos from xiao zhan's grazia china photoshoot to make your day brighter ! 
The sunrise of the Mount Everest. Mount Everest is the world's tallest and most prominent mountain at 29,035 feet (8,850 meters). It lies on the border of Nepal and China. 
The Drum Tower in the heart of Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. The Drum Tower initially built in 1380 during the Ming Dynasty (1368 - 1644), the drums were used to signal the running of time and on occasion were used as an alarm in emergency situations in ancient time. 
Major German voices are rejecting @Huawei. This matters. We need to work with partners to find alternatives to China’s dominance of #5G. It will have long term implications — none  …
Mount Kailash is a 6,638 m (21,778 ft) high peak in the Kailash Range (Gangdisê Mountains), which forms part of the Transhimalaya in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China. Mount Kailash is considered to be sacred in four religions: Bon, Buddhism, Hinduism and Jainism. 
Wen'anyi Ancient Town is located 15 KM west of Yanchuan County, Shaanxi Province of China. It was founded in 537 AD in the three years of Western Wei Dynasty. It has a history of more than 1400 years. The town is an important demonstration of the Yellow River culture in China. 
"China was spending almost certainly billions…to influence Taiwanese politics and…to undermine confidence in #Taiwan’s democracy.” As such, #TaiwanElection results were "really impressive," says @Project2049's @Ian_M_Easton on ATL PREMIERE 6pm ET:  
yibo's grazia china shoot . that is all 
WTF? The national archives supposed to be historical records - facts. It's a record of history. It's not supposed to be edited propaganda to appease Trump. This is what Russia and China does, not America. Impeach the weakling that needs to do this.  …
I spoke with a seasoned (10yr+) Bloomberg journalist living in Beijing yesterday. She hadn’t ever heard of the UK’s investigation into China’s live organ harvesting from “prisoners of conscience”.  …
Congratulations #ZhuYilong as he is honored with “Most  Quality Actor” award at 2020 China’s Literature Gala. 
The Truth is never anything like what the MSM tells you it is: US government's recent escalation of conflict in Iraq is due to Iraq-China Oil for Infrastructure Trade Deal  
The next time someone screams at me that China is moving away from coal powered power stations I'm showing them this! How the hell is shooting some farting cows in Australia going to make the slightest difference as they deploy a power station as quickly as we can line up cows?  …
After losing the Chief Risk Officer, their China risk officer, now HSBC's Senior Independent Director and Chairman of the Group Audit Committee, Jonathan Symonds is stepping down Feb 18th.Cockroaches are running. US should immediately SANCTION HSBC. HSBC=CCP actor  …
Chinese authorities have detected a new outbreak of coronavirus. While this is the same family as the SARS virus, it appears to be a new disease. The disease has been connected to a seafood market in China, but the investigation is still ongoing.
Mao set traps in China, people unwilling walked into them. He used them to have an effect on others then.He spread terror so others learned not to try the same stunt again.Had large results with the young to don't try with their older predecessors did.Our time  not now! 
Screenshot of a meeting this week between China & Myanmar, in which Suu Kyi appears to be the only woman at the table. No surprise there. And no wonder why the human rights situation is what it is... 
What is wrong with these immigrants if I moved to India china japan etc I would abide by all the laws of the countries. Not expect them to change their laws and ways to  me as a visitor or immigrant to their countries. Time things changed in the uk abide by our laws.
Not that anyone ever believed her “somber moment” BS but this really drive the point home. While @realDonaldTrump gets USMCA done, china trade done, takes out terrorists etc, the Dems have to stop him because his continued success is a threat to their failed leftist bullshit!  …
"China’s future growth prospects will dim because low fertility creates a self-reinforcing cycle — in which a less youthful society loses dynamism & growth, which reduces econ support for would-be parents, which reduces birthrates, which reduces growth" 
Tribal Lefties now claim that anyone opposed to this Govt is a paid troll. It is true. Disclosure: I receive tweet funding from Halliburton, Anadarko, the Koch Brothers, the China Construction Bank, and the Company Formally Known As Kapiti Cheeses. #nzpol #turnardern
US and China are presently on the road to similar surveillance futures. Only question is whether it’s controlled by govt or private sector. And whether that ultimately matters.
. @realDonaldTrump borrowed $28 billion from China to try to paper over the losses that our farmers and ranchers are facing as a result of his ridiculous trade war. 
Kazakhstan, independent in 1991. China, Russia, Chechnya are less hostile to Kazakh independence and oil development than Canadian politicians are to Alberta's -paraphrasing Marco Navarro-Genie 
#UK Media is no longer a free media, controlled just like it is in #Russia & #China. 
[Recap] Democrat asks court to force Hong Kong police to reveal tear gas recipe  … #HongKong #China #antielab #antiELABhk 
China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) gets much BRI exposure, but it's high time that the China-Myanmar Economic Corridor (CMEC) got its due. Xi's trip shows concerted Chinese development of Kyaukhphyu port   …
Just the @TheSoufanCenter casually promoting China’s bogus claim that its genocide of Uighurs is a national security policy  …
WSJ Survey: U.S., China Agreement Will Boost Growth When asked to rate the president's policies and actions, "a majority of economists said they have been somewhat or strongly positive for job creation, GDP growth and the stock market."  …
"it's unlikely that the deal will produce gains sufficient to outweigh the losses already suffered." Trump said the farmers got 28 billion... but they still had to pay tariffs and idiot Trump had to borrow the money. Great deal maker my ass. #FAIL #USMCA #TrumpLies #China  …
they also delete a lot of videos that are about the concentration camps in china. Tik Tok literally deleted everything that China doesn‘t want the western world to know
When rising powers have suffered economic slowdowns in the past, they became more repressive at home and more aggressive abroad. China seems to be headed down just such a path, argues Michael Beckley. 
Just guessing. But I suspect Trump cutting a trade deal with China and having Nafta 2.0 clear Congress the week before flying to Davos was not in the 2016 “us vs the globalists” flowchart for how to kick off the 2020 re-election year...
Huawei’s “Safe City” products have fueled concerns that China is exporting authoritarianism:  
9. Political Reforms are NO longer an exclusively Western demand! China & Japan are demanding them too! They are the only way out for Zimbabwe! Mnangagwa promised the world that he would reform, that he was a reformer, he is neither a reformer or a bridge between Bob & the future 
Dr. Sin Hang Lee  China postpone HPV vaccinations  … . @senatenj . @senatenj . @njassemblydems . @NJAssemblyGOP
A professor in public health says New Zealand should be wary of a mystery viral pneumonia spreading from China.  …
RED FLAG LAWS! States That Have This Law: CA, CO, CT, DE, FL, HI, lL, IN, MA, MD, NV, NJ, NY, OR, RI, VT, WA, & (DC Dist) "Power Grows At The End Of A Barrel." Mao 1938 What A Coincidence! Red China Has A Red Flag Too! USA.. 2A "Cannot Be Infringed Upon."
Prominent US Universities Failed to Disclose $1.3 Billion in Foreign Funding China, Qatar and Russia were some of the sources of foreign funding that went unreported.  …
The Great Wall Mountain Landscape China Asia I wish you a wonderful year 2020 to all of you Twitters from around the World 
Michael Pillsbury: US doesn't want an arms race with China |  …
Nolte:EXPERTS SAY? The China Trade Deal and 22 Other Times Trump Made Fools of the ‘Experts’  via @BreitbartNews
No Dogs Left Behind founder Jeffrey Beri is holding (left) Nick and (right) Knight, survivors of the illegal dog poaching crisis in China. These precious poodles are ready for love and cuddling! Bring home these beautiful survivors, visit  
US health officials to begin airport screenings for  from Wuhan, China, the center of a growing outbreak of a never-before-seen respiratory virus. 
China is the first real  that the US has faced (Even the Soviet Union was never really an economic peer.)” It’s the world’s second-largest economy, the largest trading partner of most Asian countries, and doesn’t rely on American military protection. F. Zakaria
#China reported 4 more viral #pneumonia cases on Saturday amid the #outbreak in #Wuhan, Hubei Province, which has killed 
no it was at a festival in china where he walked by the camera that was live streaming and someone noticed him on the stream
Jared & Ivanka are directly steering foreign policy for their financial gain from China to Saudi Arabia, while Eric & Jr. are using their hotels as direct payment to the President for whatever he can sell. Trump Family's corruption should be a 3rd article of impeachment.
China gives an embarrassing blow to India over objections on raising Occupied Kashmir issue at UN Security Council  
Chinese fishing vessel recently caught within Chinese marine territory in the East China Sea an underwater spy drone belonging to the U.S. navy force.  
Big trouble in Little China
Hundreds of thousands of people are killed by fake medicine every year in Africa says World Health Org. The medical trade in West Africa alone is worth $200bn, with the counterfeit  from China, India and Nigeria:  …
Meanwhile in the EU province of France, state police are still beating the crap out of unarmed civilians. If this was Russia or China, the MSM Wouk day be all over it, but hey... it’s their beloved EU!  …
Cut เซียวจ้านในงาน China Literature Gala 2019 ดูต่อได้ในลิ้งค์นี้ค่ะ  … ---- cr. MorningGlory_肖战资源博 #XiaoZhan #肖战 #เซียวจ้าน #SeanXiao 
Hey you! Yeah, YOU! The CFP for #KubeCon / #CloudNativeCon China 2020 opened this week! If you're thinking about submitting, you should. This might be the nice quiet perfect weekend to start writing a proposal up. :) More info here:  …
AS only few acknowledge the history made when POTUS & his  to fruition. He,no help for Congress,set in motion a strategic plan to make trade with;Mexico,Canada & China TO BE beneficial to the USA. MSM may ignore,but it happened on Trumps watch. WELL DONE! IMHO 
China and Myanmar signed 33 deals to accelerate the “Belt and Road” initiative  
THREAD: As part of reporting my new @WIRED piece on Huawei, China, and the Trump administration, I traveled to Shenzhen to see Huawei's offices. Follow along as I take you on a tour of the most surreal landscape globalization has produced....  …
Nope. Socialism and Communism are two entirely separate ideologies. The first is part of nearly every one of our allies' political structures and the latter is an extremist totalitarianism a la China. They only are conflated on American Twitter, not in the UK, Canada or Europe.  …
The American people recognize the historic achievements of @realDonaldTrump including China trade deal, USMCA, Tax Cuts, annihilation of ISIS, al-Baghdadi, and Soleimani, etc. They also recognize the Democratic impeachment charade for the political, swampy sham that it is.  …
China’s rise as an AI power represents  strategic challenge to America 
"China may be covering up the scale of the mystery virus, say UK experts" I doubt anyone is actually saying that. Surveillance is inherently difficult; and detecting far fewer cases that what a model predicts doesn't mean that there is a cover up.  …
#China’s definition of “ethnic unity” is where the Han Chinese are dominant & all ethnic groups are subservient to #China and  party. We saw what China’s ethnic unity laws led to in #EastTurkistan (so-called “ #Xinjiang”), I doubt it will any different in  …
You changed, Anonymous had major profile hacks against Chile, China, Lebanon, Russia, Nigeria, in just the last month alone and that's not counting all the other labour put into amplification, investigation, organization, and support provided worldwide.  …
Women in Country's Parliament - Pakistan performs better than India! Rwanda: 61% Cuba: 53% Mexico: 48% Spain: 47% Sweden: 47% South Africa: 46% France: 40% UK: 32% Germany: 31% Canada: 29% China: 25% USA: 24% Pakistan: 20% Russia: 16% India: 14% (IPU)
I still regret not making that “Big Trouble in Little China” game.
Fuck #China.
in Today’s awareness campaign “Göttingen” it was also highlighted that Balochistan's resources belong to Baloch people and Pakistan and China have no right to loot, plunder and exploit the Balochistan's resources against the will and consent of Baloch people". 
Satellite images show thousands of Uyghur graves demolished by Chinese authorities. #China 
Meanwhile in China....  
By requiring China to buy specific amounts of U.S. goods, some worry the "Phase 1" trade deal is moving away from a free-market arrangement. "The only way for China to reach  is to resort to Soviet-style managed trade," an economist wrote. 
China has paid $50million for the construction of a conference centre in The Gambia's new conference centre, Sir Dawda Kairaba Jawara International Conference Centre. 
More than 100 @CDCgov staffers are being deployed to 3 US airports to screen passengers from Wuhan #China for "2019 Novel #Coronavirus" (SARS family). Only once since 1996 has CDC performed routine passenger health screening: during the 2014 #Ebola outbreak.  …
China can make an IPhone yet can’t make one decent article of clothing! What’s up with that? #NeverOrderFromChina Cheap material ...missized and horribly sewn
Spouse worked for a  Year end dinner parties were excruciating. Each department had to do a sketch. One year I choreographed a hulu hoop dance to Eye of the Tiger where spouse dived through a hoop at the end. It did not translate well.I think about that a lot.
GOLDMAN SACHS on US-China trade deal: "At the margin, this is likely to support US growth, [but] much of the reduction in the trade deficit .... will probably be offset by an increased trade deficit with other countries as  exports simply get redirected toward China"
Ukraine and China Knew Hunter Biden Was a Chronic Drug Addict, Paid Him Millions Anyway - Used It as Fodder to Blackmail Joe Biden  … via @gatewaypundit
Mostly daily wage earners killed in #UttarPradesh.. Read on and be shamed. Then check the death toll in Hong Kong Protests... We are way ahead of China on this one. Who Were 23 People Killed in UP During Anti-CAA-NRC Protests?  …
Despite all the tough talk, Trump continues to let China cheat on Iran sanctions, undermining his own policy. Why? Because he’s desperate to end the trade war he started. Trump’s idiocy is hurting America. I’m going to #VoteBlue in November so we can put #AmericaFirst again.
1. Ancestors of most Muslims in China proper (less than 10 millions, mostly Hui people) came to China not because of trade but as soldiers following the Mongol conquest of Asia in 13th c. 2. According to Valerie Hansen, Silk Road was more a result of empire building   …
wallah I don't understand how yall still on the wayv were introduced as nct china, yeah and sm were supposed to debut new members in nct every year and dream were supposed to graduate, and 127 were supposed to be a fixed unit, how is any of that working out? Hmm 
Cramer says ‘tariffs worked,’ Trump’s strategy forced China to agree to a trade deal  …
Do y'all realize how much of the tech we enjoy on a daily  from the satellites we have orbiting the planet? What if China decides to attack those? That's why we have a Space Force...it doesn't matter what President came up with it, it's not a bad idea.
China pays US$50million for The Gambia's new conference centre, opened this week overlooking the Atlantic Ocean from an area called "Monkey Park." Pres Barrow names it Sir Dawda Kairaba Jawara International Conference Centre. 
China mined 3.75 billion tons of raw coal in 2019... 4.2% from 2018. China imported 300 million tons of coal in 2019 6.3%. Wake me when Greta the Climate Puppet scolds the  at this coal mine vs. the pantywaisted elitists at Davos. 
That’ll teach you to keep Facebook out of China!  …
They could have said "a new virus in China" but they say "Chinese virus."  …
. @WHO . @xcyale . @CHPAMS . @XHNews Maybe #China needs to #Stop their #Filthy #Heinous #DogCatMeatTrade #coronavirus #CoronaDogVirus  … China's mysterious outbreak could be new virus, WHO says
The number of people already infected by the new #pneumonia emerging in China is greater than official figures suggest, say UK experts. There have been > 60 confirmed cases of the new #coronavirus, but the experts estimate a figure nearer 1,700.  … 
China fails to deliver...again  …
#UPDATE | Top Latin Songs on Spotify Global Tusa (3, +1) Ritmo (21, -7) Sigues Con El (40, -14) Vete (41, -16) Hola Remix (58, -21) China (60, -20) Me Gusta (64, +24) Morado (72, -20) Muévelo (83, -28) Whine Up (85, -32) 
Mainstream media stress: China's 2019 GDP growth rate = 6.1%, lowest in 30 years. NOT stressed: US 2019 GDP growth rate = 2.1 %. Trump trade war hurt both but 30-year fact remains: one economy grows much faster than the other.
Lingnan He and I poked around in the data on political trust in China and here are some of our findings: Lingnan He and Dali L. Yang, “The Enigma of Political Trust in China,”  …
The  from China are unrealistic (+75b in 2020, + 125b in 2021 more or less). But not quite this unrealistic ... China needs to get to around $300b, not $380b. 1/x  …
REMINDER: ~2 million Uighur Muslims are STILL imprisoned in Chinese concentration camps. #China treats Islam like a mental illness, and in addition to camps, China is sterilizing Uighur women, brainwashing children, harvesting Muslim organs, and more.
Phase One of China Deal Signed, USMCA approved in the Senate, and 100 miles of new Border Wall. President @realDonaldTrump is getting all of this done while being Impeached. @EricTrump reacts, tonight. #FoxNews 8PM 
Overseas Chinese Reception 2020 is held in Chinese Embassy on Saturday. Largely attended by over 800. H.E. Ambassador Mr.Yao Jing addressed the reception mentioning that China would work together with Pakistan to build a China-Pakistan Community of Shared Future in the new era 
#ABC_challenge #AnywherebutChina This is my childhood candy and it is very yummy. Would you like to join us? Our #ABC_challenge boycott China from now to start! Tag three friends to join us~ @nikki_miumiu @SolomonYue 
From building the new Parliament in Zimbabwe to nuclear power plants in Pakistan to over 40 ports in Africa, China's investment in critical infrastructure projects--particularly in Africa and South Asia gives it power and relationships that will be hard  with. 
Finally a famous NYU Business School Professor says out loud: Trump/GOP trade war helped China, hurt US in both short and long runs. Maybe good for his re-election theater, but otherwise a global disaster. 
Michael Bloomberg's wet dream. No wonder he likes the Chinese regime so much.
2nite on  WH Trade Advisor Peter Navarro explains why @realDonaldTrump China deal helps EVERY American. And musical guest is Debby Boone with a great medley of music. 8/11pm ET on 
It is a One-Man-Protest in Stuttgart, it is sun shine after the rain, today some Chinese came to me ask about situation in #EastTurkistan, I explain to them, they said never hear about this and said support Uyghur, said"加油”. they are Frist Chinese Han from mainland China us. 
If the UK Government takes the mad decision to accept Huawei as a part of the UK’s secure digital infrastructure, it will be a sign that the UK Civil Service is still following EU rules including the EU’s deeply naive doctrine on ‘5G reciprocity with China’ issued in 2016. 
Sweden’s SVT reports that China has so actively tried to influence the reporting of Swedish media outlets that the Foreign Ministry has summoned Chinese ambassador to discuss press freedom.  …
Karol G’s Most Watched Music Videos in the past 24hrs Tusa — 8.026.435 China — 3.038.442 Secreto — 772.725 Ocean — 504.327 Tusa Lyric Video — 453.067 Créeme — 416.795 
Whoever gets to build this system will have tremendous power, tremendous responsibility and potentially tremendous leverage over the UK: if you’ve built it, you know how to break it. Can we trust China with this critical infrastructure?  …
Ukraine and China Knew Hunter Biden Was a Chronic Drug Addict, Paid Him Millions Anyway - Used It as Fodder to Blackmail Joe Biden WTF! Creepy Joe & his son Hunter are both liars & criminals who are an embarrassment to this Country. Put them in PRISON!  …
So, if Obama was still President do you think 1. Stock Market near 30,000 2. Talks with North Korea 3. Trade Deal with China 4. Defeating ISIS 5. Be Impeached for uncovering Republican Corruption 6. Unemployment at All Time Low - Would Still be Consider Bad News?
The Revolt of #HongKong - #China’s freest city fights for its future A Reuters series of special reports about the Hong Kong protests A great read  …
Chinese Ambassador to Pakistan Yao Jing has termed 2020 as a year of renewal of the Sino -  and looks forward to pushing industrialization in Pakistan. #China #Pakistan #CPEC #EmergingPakistan @CathayPak 
Big win for India! China isolated on Kashmir issue at UNSC. Read full story here:  
China - Wuhan gov report Jan 18, 2020: 17 new 2019-nCov cases. 62 total.19 cases have been cured and discharged, 8 cases are severe, and 2 cases have died.  … h/t Pathfinder
Over 1000 people 'likely' infected by Wuhan virus in China, say researchers  
#NEWS | Venezuela and China deepen  strategic partnership of cooperation 
. @swissport Just 1 Example/ #BoarBaiting Of #How #Greyhounds Are #Used In #Pakistan Also #FORCED To #Race #Breed... #No #AnimalCruelty #Laws PLS #DO #NOT HELP #TRANSPORT #Greyhounds To #Pakistan ( #Same Situation in #China) = #DeathTransport 
Who said YG paid for it??!! Tbh I didn’t even see YG Official Weibo acc promote Lisa  a dance mentor @“Youth With You” in China.  
Gun to your head. Name one musician in China.
I’ve been saying this for years now: China is developing the next era of global tech norms, for better or worse.  …
PATRIMONITO to the rescue The #GreatWall in #China, also known as the 'Long Wall of Ten Thousand Li' to Chinese, has been weathered by the time. Watch how our guardian joins young people to protect this #WorldHeritage 
China breeds 32 giant panda cubs in 2019  
This @washingtonpost policy alignment tool has nothing related to race on it (Reparations? Affirmative action? Policing standards?), almost nothing on foreign policy (Middle East? China?), no LGBTQ or disabled rights questions and feels very tailored to a white middle class voter  …
你好！ 我很高興見到你 There’s a whole bunch of firsts here: My first time in China to win the first ever all women’s tournament in MKW. Let’s go!!  …
The large headed Neil Cavuto interviewed Peter Navarro about President Trump's great trade deal with China and, oddly, he never mentioned that he was vehemently opposed to Trump's tariffs, which was the only reason a better deal was ever reached. We haven't forgotten, Neil.
#HongKongPolice officers  crimes for #China are lauded. This is no more justice in  …
Today's China App Store free App ranking - Bytedance's products took all top 11. This explains why Bytedance is called 'App Factory' in China, who is benefiting a lot from its global-top-tier growth ability. 
China's coronavirus cases likely grossly underestimated, study says  
Tiktok is owned by China which is known to censor lgbt often.
3 more trains were added to the #highspeed #railway line connecting #Beijing and #Zhangjiakou, the co-host city of the #Beijing2022 #WinterOlympics, to meet increasing demand, according to China Railway Beijing Group Co., Ltd 
Tough week for Democrats: Trump's signature trade deal clears the Senate Michelle Obama's school lunch rules rolled back—on her birthday Phase One China deal secures a win for farmers The White House held a summit to put prayer back in schools No wonder they want him gone
This  the GDP of China and Africa in 1980 and 2016. A powerful way to show how China boosted its economic growth in the last decades. 
. @curtiswellis: These two #AmericaFirst trade deals, signed within two days of each other, represent body blows against @JoeBiden, Obama’s point man on #China, #TPP  
... given to their kids (Biden, Pelosi, Romney and  to mind). If you think THIS was bad, you have no clue how much worse it was with China. I'll chip in for more orange jumpsuits and sturdy rope.
A ~2500 years old sword was discovered in China with untarnished condition. 
Never forget that China banned Winnie the Pooh because they got pissed off  between Pooh and Xi Jinping 
Kids in China and India are being taught Math & Science. Meanwhile, the kids in this country are being taught that they are victims and to hate America! #AmericaFirst 
Chronic drug user Hunter Biden: $1.5B from China Discharged from Navy-Drug Use Joins board of Burisma approx $50K month WhyPay4Play & access to corrupt Joe Biden. JB will never be president Exposed Trump2020  …
2019 was a great year for @standamericanow. Thank you to this team for their passion & work on issues from capitalism/socialism, human rights, protests in Hong Kong, term limits, China threats, issues on campuses & more. To join our movement, please go to  
Ukraine and China Knew Hunter Biden Was a Chronic Drug Addict, Paid Him Millions Anyway - Used It as Fodder to Blackmail Joe Biden  … via @gatewaypundit
CommonWealth Magazine’s latest exclusive State of the Nation Survey reveals that Taiwanese under forty chooses “Taiwan” over “Republic of China.”  #Taiwan #survey
Barr has zero reach in the care, custody, or control of prisoners held by BOP. Stop giving Barr & Trump power they don’t have. This isn’t Russia or China.  …
An Uyghur-American activist mocked me a few months ago,telling me “the West doesn’t repress leftists the way China does” when I mentioned my friend had been arrested for their association with one of these groups.He thought I faked the story but the West *is* hostile to Leftists:  …
Top 10 economies, by GDP (In Trillion USD) U.S: 20.49 China: 13.61 Japan: 4.97 Germany: 4.0 U.K: 2.83 France: 2.78 India: 2.73 Italy: 2.07 Brazil: 1.87 Canada: 1.71 (WEF)
30 years ago, the governments of China + Myanmar were pariahs for massacres of democracy demonstrators in 1989/1989. They were both slapped with punitive sanctions. In today's globalized world, the international response to their maltreatment of Muslims is substantially weaker.  …
Did you know the Evil George Soros and China’s best friend, Michael Bloomberg, poured millions into Virginia!! Now the people of Virgina are dealing with this DemoRat Governor!! Soros must be stopped from interfering in our elections!!  …
India and China. Locked in a race to learn the worst possible lessons from each other.
I am now seeing liberals who previously opposed President Trump, begrudgingly PRAISING him for the China trade deal & our economy. When the truth stares you in the face, only the true dullards will not accept it. #Trump2020Landslide #SaturdayMorning #SaturdayVibes
Ice lanterns light up night sky to  Lunar New Year in NE China 
As I predicted, #India is descending into the world's largest #PoliceState. The #IndianArmy is threatening to lock #Kashmiris in deradicalization camps – a play from #China's playbook. See the plight of the #Uyghur #Muslims in #Communist reeducation  …
Let’s start the weekend with some reality. trump bragging about this “China Deal” (which is no deal at all) is like the kid who shoots his parents and gripes about being an orphan. He started this crap and he blames China. What an idiot
#China may be overstating its population by 115 million people:  . If it is, #India is the world's most populous country.
CHINA FINALLY BOOTS UP COLOSSAL ALIEN-HUNTING RADIO TELESCOPE  … via @alienufovideos
Beer Consumption by Country in 2018 China US Brazil Mexico Germany Russia Japan UK Vietnam Spain Poland South America India Columbia Thailand France Philippines Canada Czech Italy South Korea Romania Australia Argentina Ukraine #StatiSense (KIRIN)
Jennitals are so jealous of lisa's popularity in china. They even made fake rumors that yg paid for ads on weibo. Just stan lisa already. Yall talk about her more than yall talk about your fave
2 China-funded water desalination plants have opened in poor Palestinian village in Israel-blockaded Gaza, allowing villagers instant access to free clean water. Gaza is facing water crisis that could make it uninhabitable in few years if aid is stopped  
Chinese President Xi Jinping hailed a ‘new era’ of relations between China and Myanmar as he met Aung San Suu Kyi during his two-day visit to the country  
Concerning nCoV developments in last day, inc. 2nd death in China, 4 new cases in Wuhan, possible close contact cases reported by Wuhan Health Comm., 2nd case in Thailand, modelling by Imperial suggesting 1700 cases, and US now among countries screening travelers. #2019ncov 1/x
Bernie's top China policy advisor probably would be noted Xinjiang skeptic and Huawei flack Jeffrey Sachs  …
Ukraine and China Knew Hunter Biden Was a Chronic Drug Addict, Paid Him Millions Anyway - Used It as Fodder to Blackmail Joe Biden , Let the crooked underhanded Dems chew on that  … via @gatewaypundit
i love macau i love china #SUPERJUNIOR #SS8inMacau 
The MSM will continue to lie and get it totally wrong about Trump well into 2024. The China Trade Deal and 22 Other Times Trump Made Fools of the ‘Experts’  via @BreitbartNews
Of course China knew and they most likely through Hunter drug party's with strippers, you know they had Hunter followed in the US and knew the lifestyle he had and played to his every fantasy.  …
[INFO] 200118 AP's weibo updates: The red of the world, the extraordinary elite. On Jan 16th, AP released the #RoyalOak Perpetual Calendar China Limited Edition in QuanYeChang-Beijing, to pay tribute to the deep relation between AP and China. The brand ambassador #LuHan, ... 
Yuck. See what fresh hell we are heading into: "Even the lowest Indian NOx norm of 100 mg/Nm3 is twice the world’s strictest norms of 50 mg/Nm3 set by China for its coal power plants. All of these countries are meeting their NOx norms using tech rejected by NTPC..."  …
This is what they do in China and North Korea  …
0-6? Come on, guys...I left China for this.  …
“Chinese software, servers and consultants are tools to potentially keep tabs of foreign citizens from afar. In 2020, China will conduct a feasibility run for social credit system in #Kazakhstan, #Kyrgyzstan and #Mongolia” by @nivayautszyan.  …
Does this mean that all the starry eyed reports about the great achievements of science and technology in Communist China are fraudulent?  …
Trump wins vs China #AmericaFirst . @POTUS tariffs weighed down China's economy, grew at slowest rate n 30 yr Trump winning trade war, China manuf investment 3.1% TRUMP EFFECT, all great news 4 US Citizens #Trump2020 #TrumpKAG2020 #WalkAway  …
China reports 4 more cases in viral pneumonia outbreak 
LITTLE DONNIE WONNIE HAS GOTTEN HIS FEELINGS HURT, AW,AW, POOR BABY! Nobody giving credit on 2 "trade deals" the USMCA was only made better by DEMS as NANCY explained, B/C it was trash, the 2nd with CHINA only put out the FIRE he STARTED, HE IS A TOTAL IDIOT! #GAMEON
The anti-coal campaign in the West is laudable. But we have to keep its likely impact in perspective. There is a (bad) future in which India gets big. But in the next, crucial, decade this is all about China. @RefinitivEnergy  
Hongkongers are attending self-organised pro-democracy lunar new year fairs around the city, despite gov't efforts to block district councillors from holding them on public land:  … #hongkong #hongkongprotests #antiELAB #china 
Exclusive: China coronavirus: at least three suspected cases found in Shenzhen, Shanghai, sources say  …
Would you do this Wensheng, China 
 make donations of cotton coats and quilts to the local people in Gwadar who are suffering from the harsh winter weather. Long live China Pakistan friendship! 
【200118 Photo】 Xiao Zhan won two awards at the China Literature Gala: Popular Actor and Heartfelt Classic Character! Congratulations #XiaoZhan #肖战 #샤오잔 #เซียวจ้าน 
We can--and must--end #China's access to media platforms in our country.  …
200118 #xiaozhan studio official weibo reading new passages,  good stories. congratulations to #xiaozhan for winning china literature ip gala's awards "popular male actor" and "classic heartthrob role". we thank every encounter with a role, anticipating more stories! 
The number of cases in an outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus in China is likely to have been grossly underestimated, according to a new study, which warns that human-to-human transmission of the mysterious virus may be possible. 
Impressive aerial view of Jianglang Mountain, a world heritage site in Zhejiang, China 
imperialists (like the u.s. and china) “aiding” us when our country gets devastated by calamities/warfare is their way to intervene our economy (i.e. to manipulate our trading policies thru liberalizing & denationalizing the market) FOREIGN AIDS = “SOFT LOANS” ≠ “CHARITY WORK”
#HongKong student who helped found a network of volunteer medics to aid the city’s pro-democracy protests has been arrested in #China, classmates say China is toxic for #HongKongers, better think twice before going there  …
#UPDATE The true scale of the outbreak of a mysterious SARS-like virus in China is likely to be far bigger than officially reported, scientists have warned, as countries ramp up measures to prevent the disease from spreading  #Wuhan 
the philippines is second to indonesia amongst sea countries where kpop and k-culture spread to first, pioneer of the current hallyu wave, a lot of fansites rn are students here who migrated to china or korea. the PH has crazy streams, etc. so yeah I fully expected a LY in manila
200118 Yixing: I believe in some corner of the world or in some corner within China alone, there’s definitely people who work as hard as me or maybe even harder - why can’t they stand on stage & sing? Why can’t they have alot of fans? So I’m very, very lucky, don’t you think so? 
By popular vote, the creation of protest anthem Glory to Hong Kong has been voted as public broadcaster RTHK's music news of the year 2019. #hongkong #hongkongprotests #antiELAB #china 
Just a gentle reminder that that even if Ireland literally turned off all the lights and went back to the Stone Age, it would have absolutely NO IMPACT on rising global emissions due to countries like China. But we won’t let facts get in the way of those punitive carbon taxes. 
Spotted more China Made Tesla Model 3 on the road. Busy week for Tesla China to deliver as many as they can before Spring Festival. #Tesla #TeslaChina #MIC #Model3 #China #特斯拉 #中国 
Congratulations to Xiaozhan for winning the Heartthrob Award in China Literature Gala for his heartfelt portrayal of the characters! 
China's ZTE, local telecom firm start 5G technology trial in Uganda  …
No education in China, and also in Hong Kong now The qualification of teachers based only on political views, not knowledge 
#MyHouseMyAmerica Vote #Trump2020 #Veterans #KAG Ukraine and China Knew Hunter Biden Was a Chronic Drug Addict, Paid Him Millions Anyway – Used It as Fodder to Blackmail Joe Biden #WWG1WGA #2A41A #Patriots Together We  …
Hunter Biden, chronic drug addict, just "discharged" from the Navy for cocaine use, joins his father on a trip to China - and returns with a $1.5 BILLION contract with the Chinese for a "private equity fund" he was forming. Rabid corruption involving Joe Biden. 
China says western sanctions against Zimbabwe must be removed 
Inside the UltiZeroGames development office. The core team is working on Lost Soul Aside for PS4. The game is part of the China Hero Project sponsored by Sony which aims to bring Chinese developed titles to a global audience. 
The beauty of Morther Earth! Big flocks of whooper swans each winter travel thousands of miles from Siberia and Mongolia a to a coastal city in China’s Shandong Province. Important conservation work! 
GUYS IM IN COSMO CHINA dats me 
US markets => record highs Soleimani & al-Baghdadi => dead ISIS caliphate => destroyed USMCA => passed China trade deal Ph 1 => signed MS-13 members => arrested Border wall => being built US produced energy => now net exporter Unemployment => 50 yr low Keep it going!!
Congratulations to Xiaozhan for winning Popular Actor of the Year in China Literature Gala! The word he wrote is “jie”, and in the new year he hopes to remain humble, stop (jie) staying up late, breakthrough (jie), crossover (jie), and journey the world (jie). 
China demonstrates how humans could grow flowers and vegetables in moon. Meanwhile India wants scientists to research more on Cow dung and Urine. 
#Archaeology31 18:caturday Nobody knows why, but pet cats suddenly became a lot more popular around 400 BC. That's also when the word 'cat' replaced the older 'mew' - except in China, where cats are still 'mew'. This one is from the Han Dynasty, ca. 100 AD 
This week's #APFactCheck examines President Trump's claims about U.S. trade deals with China, Mexico and Canada, the impeachment trial, the economy, child care, immigration and more. 
Today a HK restaurant (膳心小館), that help protesters very much in jobs and food, which payme account is frozen by HSBC again. HSBC is real a  of monocracy HK and China. All the democracy world should boycott and sanction HSBC.
xiaozhan performing remaining years at the china literature gala 
Wherever I May Roam - Performed live on 1/18/17 at Le Sports Center in Beijing, China during the #WorldWired Tour. This was the 1st time #Metallica performed in Beijing. One was performed with famed pianist Lang Lang during this show. #JamesHetfield  
Ukraine and China Knew Hunter Biden Was a Chronic Drug Addict, Paid Him Millions Anyway - Used It as Fodder to Blackmail Joe Biden  … via @gatewaypundit
Milk production in 2018. (in million tons) India: 186.1 EU 28: 167.3 USA: 98.6 Pakistan: 45.6 Brazil: 35.5 China: 31.6 Russia: 31.5 Turkey: 22.8 New Zealand: 21.4 (UN Food and Agricultural Organization)
China's first fully automatic restaurant launches with robot staff 
The defining geopolitical story of our time is the slow death of U.S. hegemony in favor of a rising China. Michael Beckley argues that China’s economic rise is stalling—and that this slowdown will make Beijing’s foreign policy more aggressive than before. 
Trade deal with China simplified in a flow chart: China has a huge swine flu crisis —> China agrees to buy $200b in US goods —> Largest pork producer in the US is Smithfield Foods —> Smithfield Foods is entirely owned by China —> China will buy $200b in mostly pork from themself
Ukraine and China Knew Hunter Biden Was a Chronic Drug Addict, Paid Him Millions Anyway - Used It as Fodder to Blackmail Joe Biden  …
#Eminem - Music To Be Murdered By (album) has now sold 113,507 pure copies in China so far. 
China’s economy last year grew at the slowest rate in three decades and the country’s birth rate fell to the lowest level on record. 
A new type of virus originating from a city in central China may have infected far more people than first thought 
China spy suspect worked for EU for 30 years 
#Myanmar, #China ink deals to accelerate #BeltandRoad as Xi courts an isolated Suu Kyi 33 agreements signed for the China-Myanmar Economic Corridor with railways linking China to the #IndianOcean in Kyaukphyu, a deep sea-port & special economic  …
“When you see someone putting on his Big Boots, you can be pretty sure that an Adventure is going to happen.” – A.A. Milne #WinnieThePoohDay A pair of leather boots from Xinjiang, China, given to explorer Robert Shaw in the 1860s 
what r u smok*ng? stop embarrassed yourself trend in SK & china(weibo) for her white eye liner trend for blue eye shadow Global time writing about jennie trend her pig tails Trend for her bowknot dress during GM & sold out there's a lot to list  
This is where what’s happening in #Virgina leads: This is China. These are political prisoners who the tyrannical government deems a threat to their rule. They are being loaded into boxcars, never to be seen from again, their organs harvested for the ruling class. 
USMCA, China deal, and another stock market record. Obama has to be pissed. President Trump saved America.
Someone finally put together an internet image scraper with facial recognition, building a searchable database of billions. Probably inevitable--I've speculated about it for years, as have others--& China basically has it already, but still unsettling. 1/x  …
Black Swan — Apple Music #1 • Belarus • China • Saudi Arabia • Vietnam #BTS #방탄소년단  …
China reports new virus cases, raising concern globally before key holiday  
Once an athlete, always an athlete @JacksonWang852 at Zhi Tong Chun Wan He is so amazing and love how they praise him non stope so proud and thanks to my peops in China for recording the cuts for me #JacksonWang #TeamWang #JackyTranslate #TeamJacky 
Thankful for the release of journalist, women's rights andHK activist Huang Xueqin from China. We must continue to pray and work for all unjustly imprisoned there! #HuangXueqin #HongKongProtests @FreedomHKG @Stand_with_HK @hk_watch @demosisto  …
#HongKong protest medic arrested in mainland China. 
Is Modi planning re-education camps in India’s Kashmir, like Xi Jinping has in China’s Muslim areas? Human rights activists are very worried after India’s army chief of staff talks of “Deradicalization Camps” for Kashmiris  …
. @indiannavy's mega exercise #Milan2020 teaser out Key points: - 41 countries invited. 32 Confirmed so far. - China not invited. - Navies of all 4 QUAD members +++ together. - Off Vizag. China. - In second half of March for 10 days. @CaptDKS @detresfa_ 
They doubted his deregulation They doubted his tax cuts They doubted the tarriffs They doubted USMCA They doubted the the China Trade Deal ... They were all dead wrong #Trump2020Landslide
Burying the dead is a corporal act of mercy for a reason. Digging up cemeteries with 3 days notice & without respect for the bodies is a form of cultural genocide. At what point does the  hold China responsible for their crimes against humanity?  …
Meet the British Orthodox Jew standing up for China’s #Uighur Muslims 'Nothing on this scale has ever happened before, except once, and that was the Holocaust,' protester tells Evie  …
ASEAN reaffirms international law as basis for sovereignty in South China Sea 
Speaking of beautiful actresses This is Dilraba Dilmurat, a Uyghur-origin actress in China 
The impeachment trial of Donald J Trump begins Tuesday. What are you gonna do? Go to Davos and brag about Phase One of a China trade deal which addresses the mess you made.
Apple Music Top 100 Bulgaria: 26. (NEW) Black Swan Cambodia 11. (NEW) Black Swan Chile 57. (NEW) Black Swan China 1. (NEW) Black Swan #BTS #방탄소년단  …
“The EU is better placed to strike trade deals with the US or China than the U.K. on its own. More generally there is a risk that leaving the EU will be globally interpreted as a narrow, xenophobic, backward-looking thing to do.” 
Two people in Wuhan, China have died after an outbreak of pneumonia linked to a new strain of coronavirus which is believed to have started in a seafood market 
New Chinese virus 'will have infected hundreds' #chinesePneumonia - The number of people already infected by the mystery virus emerging in China is far greater than official figures suggest. - UK experts estimate the figure is closer to 1,700.  …
Drugmakers slash prices to be eligible for China's bulk-buy program  
Matteo Pellicone in Rome, Italy. (57kg) @HWC_wrestling Rd 1: Thomas Gilman (USA) tech fall over Tolepbay (Kazakhstan) 11-0 Quarterfinals: Gilman (USA) over Zou (China) 12-4 Semifinals: Gilman (USA) over. Fix (USA )2-1 Finals: Gilman (USA) vs. Colon (USA)
China’s per capita GDP reached $10000 in 2019. Because of China, out of 7 billion people in the world, per capita GDP of 3 billion people has reached the threshold of $10000. This is a wonder and major progress of mankind. 
Venezuela's Foreign Affairs Minister said that the "comprehensive strategic partnership with China is necessary to diversify the Venezuelan economy." 
China’s GDP reached $14.4 trillion in 2019, which is Number 2. This is close to $14.7 trillion, the total of GDP of Japan, Germany, UK & France, which ranks from Number 3-6. 
The trade war with China is far from over. Here's what the US-China phase one deal means for trade relations.  
Now China is threatening restrictions on German car imports. The world has discovered that it is easy to blackmail Germany and the EU because of their addiction to net exports. 
Scientists think killer China virus has affected 1,700 despite only 50 cases  
#China’s #GDP grew by 6.1% in 2019, taking the lead in global economic growth. US is 2.3%, Japan & EU is over 1%, India is over 5%. China is still the champion of global economic growth.  
This is long & densely written but it's the most thought-provoking & illuminating thing I've read in a long time. If you're serious about trying to understand the world & the context of the current propaganda campaign against China, it's worth the effort.  …
#Myanmar & #China have signed a concession & shareholders agreement for #Kyaukphyu SEZ deep seaport, the move  #China's encirclement of #India along with #Hambantota & #Gwadar boosting its access to the #IndianOceanRegion  …  
Don't worry. #IvyParkXAdidas on its way to Small Street & China Mall. Woza month end 
Myanmar, China ink deals to accelerate Belt and Road as Xi courts an isolated Suu Kyi  
China is making a huge mistake by sending its young people to study in the West where the education system has been turned into a vast propaganda machine of neo-liberal values. In fact, they will not acquire any knowledge in the West and will be brainwashed by liberal propaganda.
China has overtaken everything in Pakistan except tweeting.
China coronavirus: four new cases confirmed in Wuhan, but study says 1,723 people may have symptoms  …
AHEAD ON @GMA: Three airports in the U.S. will screen passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, the epicenter of an outbreak of a new coronavirus that's in the same family as SARS, MERS and  cold, health officials said Friday. @sramosABC has more.  
When an opinion piece starts w “Chinese leaders stretching back to Deng Xiaoping have often thought in terms of decades.” And then you read it is by a person who visited China twice and wants to educate the American public of what they don’t understand... 
As their birthrates fall, China, Cuba, Germany, Hungary and Japan take different approaches to the issue of aging populations 
Great piece on China’s manipulation of the global press and how they spread disinformation. xi said: “Wherever the readers are, wherever the viewers are, that is where propaganda reports must extend their tentacles.” — Xi Jinping  …
Organisers are planning to rally on Sunday at Chater Garden as planned, but they say the rally will turn into a de facto march as participants leave if the turnout is large. #hongkong #hongkongprotests #antiELAB #china 
The #CoronaVirus has now spread to Shanghai and Shenzhen with  from China officials. Cases in Thailand, Singapore, Japan and India. #SARS and #BirdFlu was underestimated by a factor of 10x Current spread with 5-10 day incubation= it will be global <28 days
Do you remember this otter? I made a wish to it. For KCL award! 1 retweet=2 RMB The end 00:00 PM（China Time)today. @perthppe 
This Chinese-born woman COMPLETELY RENOUNCED her chinese citizenship, became a US citizen, and then stole hundreds of millions of US IP, and took it to China to enter it into a Thousand Talents contest for theft...and won!  …
Just a reminder! Lisa sold 7000 copies of NYLON China Magazine January Issue in 45minutes 
'Yu’s novel is part domestic noir and part esoteric folk myth. It’s also a story about a young woman finding her feet in modern metropolitan China.' Read more about Braised Pork by An Yu via @guardian here  …
China coronavirus: at least three suspected cases found in Shenzhen, Shanghai, sources say 
China virus which killed four may be more widespread - report  …
Year 2047: What will happen to Hong Kong when it loses its status within China as a special autonomous region? Here's what protesters fear. More @business:  #HongKongProtests 
The first participant to be announced for the first ever All Women's pro wrestling tournament in China, the MKW Jinguo Warriors Cup, is the #cosplay princess herself, Leva Bates @wrestlingleva #MKW #AEW #Thelibrarian #levabates #jinguowarrriorscup 
Police brutality is an irrefutable fact in Hong Kong. Hong Kong civilians are under threats of police terrorism. Puppet leader Carrie Lam shamelessly denies and connives police brutality for oppression of freedoms and human rights of Hong Kong. She must be Magnitsky 
If we pump money into productivity, there won’t be unemployment. China and Germany’s growth is built on nothing but productivity. We drive German cars, use Chinesee phones, wear Italian shoes. You measure  or country’s growth by productivit. What are we producing?
Chinese students say that free speech in the US is stifled by China, with many afraid to speak out over concerns of the safety of their families back home.  …
When I was in China I walked into a mosque one day for duhr and found a bunch of people doing a martial arts class in the courtyard. Apparently martial arts expertise a very "Muslim" thing there, and entire arts are only preserved by the   …
Donald Trump with a nuclear button to hand. A deadly new virus spreading from China. Makes you nostalgic for locusts plagues, frankly.
Carefully crafted from jade, this dragon was made in China between the 5th and 4th centuries BC. Although only 9cm long, this tiny object would have been extremely precious – jade was valued more highly than gold in China at this time  
At least 100,000 people are killed by fake medicine every year in Africa. The counterfeit medicine trade in West Africa alone is worth $200bn, with the  from China, India and Nigeria. The battles Africa has to fight - tragic.  …
#Germany investigates 3 people suspected of spying for #China The suspects include a former #EU diplomat & 2 lobbyists. It's the first case in recent years to bring concrete allegations of spying by China against Germany & the European Union  …
My @telegraph column: Why Boris’ first big call as Prime Minister should not be to give China access to our phone network  …
This is a great article from @crapstacular on the challenges that indie game developers face in the Mainland China market. Includes quotes from myself.  …
China’s Second Cultural Revolution  …
A truly historic $200 billion trade deal with China..! and.. no $5,000  pens..!  …
How things change in 40 years. Africa was largely impoverished in 1980, but wealthier than China. Time for our authorities to strike trade deals more beneficial than just shipping out  and importing Chinese managers and technicians for partnership projects. 
Ok, ffs since some people didn’t understand it the first million times CHINA IS NOT SOCIALIST!!! Not in ideology nor in production! Neither is China a workers’ state, nor the CCP a workers party. China is a neoliberal imperialist police state, not an ally to the socialist cause!
An investigation by Hong Kong’s police watchdog into the conduct of the city’s officers revealed “many  according to a 
#adidasxIVYPARK in China. Items sold out within minutes online. 
China reports new Wuhan virus cases ahead of key holiday  
A total of 20 cute newborn panda cubs made an appearance on Friday to pay a happy New Year call in SW China's Sichuan Province. Let's check out how adorable they are 
The first tunnel crossing the Yellow river in eastern China's Shandong Province, has the country's widest 15.76-meter-diameter, and will save the travel time from one hour to 4 min 
Democrat asks court to force Hong Kong police to reveal tear gas recipe  … #HongKong #China #antielab #antiELABhk #HongKongProtests @krislc @demosisto
congratulations to my little baby !! i'm sure lisa will only continue to grow, i'm so happy she’s so loved in china 
Snow turns Daming Lake in east China's Shandong into a beautiful Chinese ink painting 
Iron man of 21st century attends CAA JanJagran Abhiyan rally at Hubballi From Congress to AIMIM, frm Pak to China All have united to create bloodshed in India by spreading fake news on CAA But let's prove the power of patriots Let us join hands with our HM 
When this matter arose in Parliament on Tuesday, MPs of all parties demanded in one voice from the government that this name should be rid of as quickly as possible. BJP MP Tarun Vijay, who took up the matter, said that surprisingly, countries like China, Pakistan, Nepal,
ARISAN=menjelaskan dlm bhs Inggris + Indonesian informal loan group with funds collected from members allocated to an individual member at regular social gatherings. + RI-style rotating loan group & social gathering Similar to: * Hui (China) +Tanda (S. America) + Susu (Africa)
Drugmakers slash prices to be eligible for China's bulk-buy program  
Who will tell India's so-called Modi-fan liberals that the dynasts still run the world: 50% Leaders in North America, 13% in Latin America, 13% in Europe, 11% in Asia & 9% in Africa are from political families. Forget South Asia, do they know who lead China, Japan & Canada?
Relationships these days don't last, i swear they made in china
China's birth rate dropped last year to its lowest level since the Communist country was founded in 1949, adding to concerns that an ageing society and shrinking workforce will pile pressure on a slowing economy  
FLASH: A mysterious virus is causing serious chest infection in China killing people. 51 victims 7 in critical condition 2 dead Has spread to Japan and Thailand. USA now screens people at airports. It takes a second to retweet till nigerian aviation is aware. Help save a life! 
For all my criticism of Europe, I strongly believe they could play an important role in the world, China and with regards to Europe pushing human rights, environmental concerns, and democracy. They need to return to actually upholding those values and the consequences of doing so
"The Chinese state-owned firm that will handle development of Sangley airport in Cavite is the  that helped build Beijing's artificial islands in the South China Sea." OH, DI BAH!  …
So far, Beijing has carried out its campaign in Xinjiang with impunity. @msaltskog & @ColinPClarke consider whether a security-focused humanitarian argument from Washington can help alleviate China’s crackdown on Uighurs and other minority groups: 
Happy to inform that TELECOM MAN, the memoirs of BK Syngal, former CMD of VSNL, who brought the internet to India (before China)—I'm the co-author, is now available in print and Kindle on Amazon worldwide—.in, .com,  .  
Opinion: May "China collapse" theories rest in peace  
The LNP and their propaganda machines - Murdoch and the IPA - want the ABC gone so they can control all of the information that Australians get. Like China does with its citizens. It would keep the LNP in power longer, because they would only be feeling us lies.  …
China and #Myanmar have agreed to work together to build  with a shared future, opening a new era of bilateral ties. President Xi Jinping and Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi announced the decision during their formal talks in Nay Pyi Taw on 
Let’s wait and see which EU member state supports Sweden publicly against China. And we wait and wait and wait...  …
China's bullying of Sweden is intensifying. In an interview with Swedish TV (posted on the embassy's website), China's ambassador says the following . Sweden can rightly assume that the "86 kg boxer" will soon hit back against the "48 kg boxer".  …
China's Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical Radio Telescope, the world's largest single-dish radio telescope, passed national evaluation on Saturday and has officially begun operations  [more:  
The first highway bridge connecting China and Russia across the Heilongjiang River is ready for opening  
Meet Anandan Gunasekaran who was the subedar of Indian Army.He lost his left leg in a mine blast 2008 He won 3 gold medals for India at 7th World military Games in china Once a soldier Always a Soldier..!! 
From SEA countries to Latin countries w/ magazine cover of 4 Lisa's, to Europe esp France calling her the Biggest Front Row Riot to being the Most Influential Fashion Icon in the World, to Japan's Asia's Miracle and now China's baby real life doll 
The 2019 China-Africa numbers are in: - Total two-way trade increased by 2.2%: $208.7 billion - Chinese imports fell 3.8% to $95.5 billion - Chinese exports rose 7.9% to $113.2 billion Source: China’s General Administration of Customs  …
“Are you confident that the EU is backing Sweden [against China]?” Sweden’s Foreign Minister Ann Linde: “Yes, to 100 percent. We have tremendous support from the EU”  …
SHAME ON YOU, Ms Sigmund. Your country has a history of being ruled under a totalitarian regime and still, u dont treasure universal value , and choose to appease the dictator Xi of China? We HK people are still very upset by the Carrie Lam gov and we wont give up on our fight! 
Future SA prediction.. 1. Independent Cape / Secession (Minorities in charge) 2. South Africa goes down like Zim under ANC 3. China helps ANC like Zim 4. China takes over South Africa like they doing in Zim
Carpio: Filipinos need leader who can address China ... “They (China) cannot give us protection bcoz they don’t have right to be there in first place. They don’t have right to protect anyone there because we have jurisdiction over there.”  …
Again Australia falls down in keeping Aussies safe!! New SARS Virus from Wuhan Province in China infects +1700 - NO special screening of arriving passengers at airports here. @ScottMorrisonMP’s gov again sitting on their hands.
Myanmar, China ink deals to accelerate Belt and Road as Xi courts an isolated Suu Kyi  
‘As Modi govt doubles down on CAA, long-time friend Bangladesh moves closer to China’ @seshadrichari, former editor of Organiser, writes 
2020 is the Year of the Rat according to Chinese zodiac. Tom Zhu, president of Tesla Greater China, is sending you his best wish for a productive year of the rat from #GF3. @elonmusk 
#China defends raising #Kashmir issue at #UNSC. #China's official statements are a strong rebuttal to #Indian attempts to downplay the #UNSC session. #Kashmir #Pakistan #UNSC #UN  …
⁦ @MikeBloomberg⁩ says pretty DUMB things lately! He said China is NOT a dictatorship! He thinks CA is a blueprint for the US! Has he looked out the window of his limo? Did he see all the homeless or notice Gas Prices? Not exactly Utopia these days!  …
China defends raising Kashmir issue at UNSC, calls it goodwill gesture to de-escalate India-Pakistan tensions - Firstpost  …
This is Canada! The real Canada! The freezing cold Canada! The Canada that’s paying for China and India to pollute at will! I can’t wait for the warmer months of February and March! Justin Trudeau and the UN Climate hoax is literally killing Canadians!  …
As Taiwanese people’s will to determine the fate of the island grows stronger, the  should also stop upholding #China’s unilateral claim over #Taiwan’s sovereignty, which according to history, it’s legitimacy is very  …
Tesla stock has more than doubled in three months as  puts heavy focus on China. "China is really the fuel in the engine," says analyst Dan Ives.  
China mall adding the forth line and call it #IvyParker 
A college student who experienced malnutrition because she was too poor to afford adequate food has died in southwestern China, sparking concerns about poverty in the world's second largest economy. 
Greta, & the forces behind her, only lectures us when we have the cleanest air & water. All this while China & India are allowed to dump millions of tons of toxic waste & garbage into the Ocean daily. The agenda is so naked, I don’t know how people fall this nonsense 
“Huawei and China maintain extensive databases on foreign individual, firms, including but not limited to work product, intellectual property, facial characteristics, camera IPs, call records, and others.” ⁦  …
President appreciated China’s support to Pakistan on Kashmir. #CPEC #BRI @zlj517 @CathayPak @WangXianfeng8  …
A study of ginkgos in China, one of which is more than 1,300 years old, offers insights into the genes that contribute to longevity in the oldest trees 
‘China’s BRI And China–Pakistan Economic Corridor Impinge Our Sovereignty’: Navy Chief Admiral Karambir Singh  …
If only #SouthAfrica took corruption as seriously as China... 
China Releases #MeToo Activist Who Covered Hong Kong 
+ so don't generalize Asians in your statement coz China is the largest Asian country and I don't see Cherries going as loud as y'all! Just talk about yourself that you're opposing this coz you no longer can fantasize about him!+ #EXOLStandWith9 #SMPROTECTEXO9
Only 13 economies have grown 7% annually for 25 years: Botswana Brazil China HK Indonesia Japan S. Korea Malaysia Malta Oman Singapore Taiwan Thailand 
 … Folks, pls support sign, email confirm and share with yr fds to sign #petition #FightForFreedom #justice #StandWithHongKong #5DemandsNot1Less A True Universal Suffrage plan can return the power to people but not the #chinazi #China_is_terrorist
Why is China dictating how we deal with Philippine media?  …
China breeds 32 giant panda cubs in 2019  
China's domestically developed MA60 regional turboprop airplane family will see its 3rd member MA700 in 2020, according to its developer Friday. The MA700 will be more adaptable to airports with high temperatures, high altitudes and short runways. 
China is able to do this because there are no labour rights. If people building Medupi also worked for R30 per day as they do in China, Eskom would be smiling.   …
Wish all our Chinese friends ..A very Happy Chinese Lunar New Year . May there be Peace and prosperity all over the World & great progress in #BRI & #CPEC . Amin Long live Pak China Friendship !! @CathayPak @zlj517 @CPEC_CSCEC @ImranKhanPTI @OfficialDGISPR 
China reports new cases in Wuhan virus outbreak  
An estimated 85% of the solar equipments has been imported from 3 countries — primarily China, alongside Vietnam & Malaysia. Import since 2014 worked out to $12.93Bn or ₹90K Cr. BJP Govt’ New Motto: No #MakeInIndia , Love China!  …
Since 1970, almost half of China’s terrestrial animals have vanished (via 
China is literally doing it right now.
HappyBirthday Martyr Hameed #Zakzaky He was born on 17/01/1992 in Zaria. He attended primary & secondary in Zaria. Hameed was the student of Aeronautical Engineering in the Xiang University #China. During Quds day 2014 Army attacked the procession and killed 34 and injured many. 
#ABC_challenge also thanks for an invitation by @TeresaW17993222 @shikurofree @OneHKer1. #WuhanPneumonia is spreading around the world. We should aware of the hygiene in our living space. Clorox disinfectant wipes made in USA. Try to avoid using the brands made in #China.  
The number of people infected by a mystery SARS-like virus that has killed two people in China is likely hundreds more than officially reported. The scientists estimate a 'total of 1,723 cases' in Wuhan would have been infected as of January 12  
#China has  the ONLY country in the world which blocks Wikipedia, after #Turkey has recently unblocked the  …
#ChinesePneumonia — @BBCNews: UK Experts estimate 1,700 people are infected, far GREATER than official figures #China releases. At least 2 are known to have #died from the VIRUS, which appeared in #Wuhan city. #NewSARS #中国肺炎  …
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: There are huge Muslim populations in Central & East Asia, but no Chinese populations in the Middle East. That’s because the fabled Silk Road trade was conducted largely by Muslims, who also built its infrastructure. Now, China is building Belt & Road, not M. E. 
A very happy new year! A very Happy Chinese Lunar New Year! to all friends and the great Chinese people. We share your happiness and cherish your heights even more. Long live @CathayPak @China_Amb_India @zlj517 @ForeignOfficePk
Say what you will about China, but given where they were in 1980, this is a stunning achievement. Hats off to Deng Xiaoping, Hu Yaobang, Zhao Ziyang and everyone who came after.  …
The countdown to Chinese New Year begins! With just 6 days to go, giant and vivid light installations adorn Xi'an City, NW China's Shaanxi Province, emitting strong Spring Festival vibes 
VP Leni represents everything I stand for as a Filipino - a strong stance against EJK and the pivot to China, concern for the welfare of the nation. Her values and demeanor, I believe, are aligned with mine. Can you say the same for your leader? #LabanLeni #DontTouchMyVP
#adidasxIVYPARK store display in Beijing. 
ANDANAR, how did  up with this number? Where did your get 64 airports when we only have 32? Did you include china’s Island wd airport? The Sangley that China owns, and the new would be airport in Palawan by China?
#India issues travel advisory out of ‘abundant caution’ as new #coronavirus takes hold in #China  
Tesla stock has more than doubled in three months as  puts heavy focus on China. "China is really the fuel in the engine," says analyst Dan Ives.  
This one is epic !!! A Punjabi went to a restaurant in China. *Chinese Waiter:* Sir, I have Stewed Liver, Fried Kidney, Boiled Tongue and Frog's Legs. *Punjabi:* Yaar tu apni problems chhod, *_Menu Card le aa_*! !! ! !
Its not about China or Chinese students it's about the Chinese Communist Party. I suspect you already know that.  …
The first highway bridge connecting #China and #Russia across the Heilongjiang River has recently passed the final acceptance test, the department of transport of NE China's Heilongjiang province said Friday. 
Couple of years back I met the owner of this factory. British guy, now moved operations to China, still making fireworks there.  …
Meet the British Orthodox Jew standing up for China’s Uighur Muslims "Something on this scale, with millions of people, women, men and children in concentration camps hasn’t happened before, except once,” Andrew explains.  …
North Korea's top envoys to China and the United Nations have returned to Pyongyang (with 10 other NK diplomats). Quite possible we could see  out from North Korea soon. Sources to Yonhap say this trip was "abrupt."
Congratulations,Trump just made a Trade deal with China, made a Trade deal with USMCA. The only Trade deal @BarackObama ever made was to Trade Isis Fighters for a traitor Bowe Bergdahl! Anyone see the difference? Thank you @realDonaldTrump for making America 
There was a time, just 3-4 decades back, when India and China had the same per capita GDP. Narrowing the gap that now exists - and making India a high  country - should be our only priority.  …
While the Dems stood with Madiro, trump stood with the people of Venezuela The Dems stood with China while trump stood with Hong Kong Trump stands with Iran, but the Dems stand with terrorist and the Iranian regime The pattern couldn’t be more obvious than it is now
US health officials to begin airport screenings for  from Wuhan, China, the center of a growing outbreak of a never-before-seen respiratory virus. 
Demand now exceeds prod in Q1 for Made in China Model 3 Standard Range. Tesla says new orders will be delivered in Q2. Assuming 8-13K prod in Shanghai, Q1 China deliveries would look like this: 2400 Model S/X (US) 5300 Model 3 LR/P (US) 8-13K Model 3 SR (MIC) Total: 15700-20700 
Here's how China’s mystery pneumonia illness is different from SARS 
Coronavirus screenings to begin at LAX, two other U.S. airports amid outbreak in China  …
The initial #ABC_challenge is to support #AnywherebutChina products to reject China's infiltration. Now HKgers are ready to step up the game to thank those who stand with Hong Kong. Dear @marcorubio, how can we support Florida economically, other than buying orange 
7)Trump Can’t Win a Trade War with China 8)Trump Will Never Move the Embassy to Jerusalem. 9)Trump Will Never Make America Energy Independent. 10)Trump Can’t Lower the Unemployment Rate. 11)Trump Can’t Boost the GDP. 12)Trump Can’t Increase Working Class Wages... 
-ARTISTKIM CHINA- SALES CONFIRMATION DAY 01.18 ALBUM [300] TOTAL AMOUNT [10926] PLZ keep trying best to support JAEJOONG’s new mini album! THANK YOU! @bornfreeonekiss #김재중 #애요 #ジェジュン #愛謠 #JAEJOONG 
A Phase Two #trade deal should provide that #China may not sell to us any more than we sell to China.  …
Russian envoy: “Those having doubts over India's approach on Kashmir can go there; we don't have any doubt.” This after announcing support for a seat for India at the UNSC and thwarting Chinese attempts to internationalise Kashmir. Russia NEEDS China, but it TRUSTS India.
China's birth rate dropped last year to its lowest level since 1949. Demographers note that despite the country abolishing its one-child policy, there has been a shift in the mindset of the population  
20.01.18 Oriental TV Weibo Update ติดตามงาน 2019 China Literature Gala เวลา 19.45 น.(เวลาไทย) ได้ตามลิ้งค์ด้านล่าง  …  … Cr. 东方卫视番茄台 #XiaoZhan肖战 #เซียวจ้าน 
The tech giants have continued to mint money despite President Donald Trump’s tech-infused trade war with China 
After leaving his home in China’s Xinjiang province, Ablikim Yusuf navigated a world hostile to his people before finding refuge in the United States. 
My main JF-17 concern is the Klimov RD93 power plant. Russia might object to the export to some countries. Let’s hope China can continue the supply line and  up with a more capable alternative.
At the Japan Communist Party 28th Congress, which has been held this week in Atami,  under heavy criticism. Chairman Kazuo Shii declares: "The Chinese leadership's errors are extremely serious. They do not deserve the name of 'Communist Party.'" (MP) #JCP #Communist
Official Tesla China Site has been updated expected delivery date to 2020 2nd quarter. Demand is so high in China right now for China Made Model 3. #Tesla #TeslaChina #MIC #ChinaMade #Model3 #China #特斯拉 #中国 
Why President Trump is the greatest President is not just hype. Lame stream media refuses to report his successes, he  something his predecessors failed to do, Deal With China. This week marked a Historic Trade Deal with China. Another W for Trump and Americans. 
So. Trump started a trade war. It hurt many in the U.S. and China. Trump ends the trade war without gaining anything. Trump is annoyed because no one is congratulating him for ending the trade war that he started. Say what?
Canadian airports aren’t following U.S lead in actively screening travellers from China for new #coronavirus. Some doctors say it’s an appropriate and measured response ⁦ @CTVNews ⁦  …
Hong Kong gov’t’s int’l branding arm defends posting anti-protest video on social media  … #HongKong #China #antielab #antiELABhk #HongKongProtests @brand_hk
Operating with virtual impunity on the high seas, fleets from Spain, China, South Korea, Taiwan, and other countries are at the heart of an illicit seafood trade that generates an estimated $160 billion in annual sales. @ian_urbina  …
If the US can stage color revolutions all over the world,  China and Russia can’t fund oppressed Native Americans??  …
1. United States: $105.99T 2. China: $63.83T 3. Japan: $24.99T 4. Germany: $14.66T 5. United Kingdom: $14.34T 6. France: $13.73T 7. India: $12.61T 8. Italy: $11.36T 9. Canada: $8.57T 10. Spain: $7.77T 
QQ Music 2019 Year-End Chart (China) Top 10 K-Pop Albums IZ*ONE - HEART*IZ (1 No.1 hit, 8 songs, 175 times) #IZONE #아이즈원 
Red China is not our friend, and we should not be seeking to do more business with it. In the boycott of Chinese goods lies non-cooperation with this cruel regime. Remember when you buy Free 
Oman () + China () = Chin: 
Asian americkans when they write their college & art gallery application essays Asian americkans when WaPo & CNN say international students might be spies for China & Vietnam 
 … Countries offer aid while Taal Volcano continues erupting. US = equipment and technical assistance to PHIVOLCS South Korea = $200k (P10 M+) humanitarian aid thru Red Cross China = facemasks. Thank you for the help. And the statements are clear, thanks.
China posts weakest growth in 29 years at 6% 1) China’s economy is 5 times India’s yet they grow faster than India (4.5%). 2) Sadly, GDP per capita gap between these 2 countries will keep widening in  decade. History will not look kindly at India’s economic missteps 
The Peace Corps formally notified members of Congress this week that it will withdraw volunteers from China starting in June, according to a statement from Marco Rubio.  …
Beijing London Once a year, at Chinese New Year, management is expected to sing for all staff. From left to right: Sophia Liao, our great CEO of Condé Nast China, Angelica Cheung, legendary Editor-in-Chief of Vogue China, plus some guy who was not prepared for this. 
I dont understand why you dont update your artist's schedules. You're going to sent him to work in China but never promote him, never told his fans  support him. Like his China event, brand ambassador, magazine shooting and many more. @jypnation @GOT7Official 
China Tags Kashmir onto a UNSC meeting on “Peacekeeping in Mali” ! Tries an informal discussion by force. Huawei 5G (with PLA affiliation) is given an opportunity to enter India by nationalists! Who is my enemy?
#China’s first all-electric zero-emissions cargo ship is going to be used to transport coal  …
China’s pork crisis: local banks offer meat to new customers with African swine fever set to continue ⁦ @TheLastRefuge2⁩ ⁦ @Avery1776⁩ ⁦ @almostjingo⁩ ⁦⁦  …
Asian American Movement 1973: No war in Vietnam! Reunify China! Reunify Korea! Nukes out of Japan! End Imperialism! Support Communism! Asian Americkans 2020: War on China! North Korea Bad! Vietnam=Authoritarian! Stan Awkwafina! Winnie The Pooh! Serve our country!
CDC has updated information about an outbreak of novel #coronavirus in China with cases exported to Thailand and Japan. See new information for healthcare providers and laboratorians on who to test and what specimens to take to detect #2019-nCoV.  
Retweet @POTUS’ PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT on TRADE! As @SpeakerPelosi spent $5K on Gold Pens to sign an Impeachment Hoax, @realDonaldTrump used a $1.99 Sharpie Pen to sign a $200B China Trade Deal, adding to 7M JOBS the @WhiteHouse created in 3 years that @BarackObama 
More problems  China. 
Mishaal calls for world intervention before it is too late - @MushaalMullick Kashmir crisis Punjab to set up healthcare centers near China-Pakistan Economic Corridor #LetKashmirSpeak @UN @antonioguterres @JosepBorrellF @MBachelet @AIIndia @HRW  …
VW has 122 production plants. $TSLA has a tent in the middle of a garbage dump outside San Francisco, an empty solar factory in Buffalo, a  battery factory near Reno, and a new building in a swamp near a ghost city in China. Basically the same market cap. Sure. 
The Asian American Movement didn’t join in international solidarity with Vietnam, China, Laos, Cuba, Angola, etc, join in solidarity with the Black Panther Party and Brown Berets, and enter the New Communist Movement, just to get taken over by goofy representasian liberals.
Is India planning re-education camps in Kashmir, like China has in its Muslim areas? Human rights activists are very worried. Read here:  
Pickled Pelosi used $15,000 worth of gold plated bullet pens to sign the bogus impeachment sham. President Trump used a $1.99 sharpie to sign a couple hundred Billion $trade deal with China. That's the difference between a business man & worthless, corrupt lifetime politician.
PPS. Jeez, I hope there are ZERO connections between various recent Portuguese governments, the Azores, Nunes, former-Portguese-controlled Macau, China, casinos, and the GOP. Wow sounds so weird except for anyone who has 1% of a clue. Apparently that's increasingly rare.
 India’s GDP in 2019 is $2.9 trillion with per capita GDP at $2,172. This means China’s GDP is 5 times bigger than India & an average Chinese earns 5 times the wages of an average Indian. In 1980 both countries had similar GDP & India had higher per capita   …
#CoronaVirus: Health Ministry issues advisory for those visiting China  
While people in Iran, China, Venezuela, & all people in the world would give anything to have our freedoms, opportunities, and our great President @realDonaldTrump we had to endure this pile of steaming embarrassment this week. Exhibition of  …
OK, that blew up a bit :) A bit of warning: if  here to call us names, or say that we "work for China", or any such nonsense, you will be blocked - take your garbage somewhere else. And yes, we still hate #Starlink, and all it stands for, including unfettered  …
His main frustration: "Why is Nehru evoked everytime? Why does Modi always say Nehru ne Kashmir mein yeh kiya, China mein yeh kiya, Triple Talaq mein yeh kiya ... because Rahul Gandhi is there. Now if he disappears, Modi has to talk about his own policies & why they failed"
Canada to bolster screening of central China passengers for virus at 3 airports  
While there is an awakening to the Deep State and New World Order, the goings on in Canada remains mostly a secret. How about the Harper-Desmarais axis imploding the oil and gas industry in Alberta and propping up dictatorships in Iran and China...  …
National Library of China. 
rumor Z.TAO & Sehun to have project for 破云 (Breaking Clouds) adaptation manhua. they said China - South Korea cooperation this is weird rumor I've ever heard this year like lol 
The Chinese name for Great Bustard is 大鸨, dà bǎo, "big bustard". In China, the bustard was traditionally regarded as a sexually promiscuous bird and the character 鸨, bǎo, is found in literature to describe whores or lustful old women. 
Over a thousand 'likely' infected by mysterious Wuhan virus in China: research  
Cuba, Venezuela, North Korea & China must be fortifying their borders to prepare for the onslaught of American socialist refugees who will be fleeing our country after Trump wins the 2020 election. Their dream of  utopia denied, where else can they go?
China launches first private 5G low-orbit broadband satellite 
My WINNERS & LOSERS for the week! My winner @POTUS for the amazing 250 Billion China trade deal & USMCA ! A leader who works while under attack ! My loser for the week is Nancy Pelosi who held articles of Impeachment for 4 weeks after claiming urgency ! Impeachment hoax ! 
There's a scramble for Africa by all the non-white colonial powers and and China. BLACK people need to quit wasting resources and be a part of that. Props to  …
Russia, China diverge on Kashmir issue. Russian Ambassador says Kashmir must be resolved bilaterally, opposed UNSC discussion. Chinese MFA says there was a detailed discussion on Kashmir at UNSC on Wednesday, must be resolved "according to UN Charter"  …
Investing in a collapsing economy BTW, I bet China will not keep the promise and the trade deal will be voided soon 
oh to be a gay dad in ancient china with several rabbits as pets and pining over your childhood rival who is currently on his way to make the entire world mad at him #LanZhan #LanWangji #MDZS 
Imma say it HK - part of China Tibet - part of China Taiwan - part of China Xinjiang - part of China Fuck anyone that says otherwise
I expect this in China or Russia — but at the National Archives in DC? Presenters of an exhibit altered photos of Women’s March to blur signs critical of Trump. By  …
The geniuses in DC predicted 7 of the 0 Wars that #Trump has caused. #Iran #WW3 #NoKo #Syria #NATO #China #Venezuela The #MSM & #Dems predicted 3 of the 0 #Recessions that #Trump caused. See WHY #Dems, #GOP, #pundits, & #StateDept must STFU & learn from the expert #Trump
Company A goes carbon negative by 2025, but imports $1B of goods  B in China which is ramping up carbon output.  A still “carbon negative” ??? Is ramping up electric vehicle sales powered by coal plants carbon neutral? Let’s END the climate fraud.
The United States' scientific lead is shrinking as China and other nations build up their science resources, says the National Science Board. 
U.S. to screen passengers for new China coronavirus at three airports  
US health officials will begin screening airline passengers from central China for a new virus that has sickened dozens and killed 2, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
A year from now, the global trading system will be based on the notion of reciprocity that is at the heart of Prez #Trump's #ChinaTradeDeal. #China  …
Instead of holding #China accountable for exploiting American capital markets, this so-called Phase 1 agreement will make sure American capital continues to directly fund China’s state-run economy.  … via ⁦ @nytopinion⁩
A Trudeau appointed Senator, who holds broad legislative power in the Senate, has raised some eyebrows through this more-than-friendly attitude to China.  …
I am intrigued as to why the New York Times describes China's birthrate as a "looming crisis for Beijing"- when it doesn't offer the same description for even lower birthrates in Korea, Japan and Taiwan? Biased much?
Beijing’s puppet government has deprived freedoms of Hong Kong without limit. China is destroying Hong Kong as a free, fair and just international city. Hong Kongers are fighting for freedoms at all cost. We are protecting our lives, home and young generations. 
This footage of a frozen lake in China is mesmerizing 
China has unlimitedly escalated and expanded its censorship and oppression at home and to the world. Global freedoms and human rights are under attack by the authoritarian through economic and political coercion. The world must stand up to protect freedoms and human rights. 
If you’re keeping score at home, Trump is building the wall, just ditched NAFTA for a new kick-ass trade deal, got China to behave, and scared Iran so bad, they dialed 911 and cried into the phone. #FridayFeeling #MAGA #SoMuchWinning #Shitpeachment 
China’s talents program — use of foreign researchers —revealed in federal grand jury indictment of U of Kansas professor  …
Hong Kong student who helped found volunteer protest medic group arrested in China, classmates say. Once again alleged charges related to pristitues. As was the case with Simon Cheng.  … via @hongkongfp
#ABC_challenge #BoycottChina Let’s stand up to China, express our anger to China for human rights abuse in Hong Kong, Tibet and East Turkestan. Boycott products made in China! Defend your own country by stop using products! Please show sth which is 
Carpio: Filipinos need leader who can address China issue 
Under the radar! Recall #SARS #SwineFlu 1957-flu 1968-flu? Curious, how so many of these vira seem to emerge from Hong Kong or China - I wonder why! -  …
Jim Cramer: Trumps "Tariffs Worked," Forced China To Agree To Trade Deal  …
Ice lanterns light up night sky to  Lunar New Year in NE China 
AIRPORTS SCREENING MYSTERY VIRUS: Federal officials will begin screening passengers flying from Wuhan, China, into New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco for a mystery coronavirus that's already spread to Japan and Thailand. @giobenitez reports.  
On @LouDobbs with @FredFleitz at 7:30 ET to talk about the #ChinaTradeDeal. Prez #Trump has just changed the global trading system. His predecessors tried to integrate #China. That didn't work, so Trump is now dealing with  regime the way it actually is.
China's Ambassador to Sweden seems obsessed with the local media.  …
OMG China’s ambassador to Sweden thinks that a heavy weight boxer China has no alternative when a light weight boxer Sweden keeps on challenging it. The interview contains many juicy yet scary views demonstrating the win-lose mentality of the CCP.  …
How do we know how China will treat HK after 2047? Just look at how they are treating the Uyghurs today for the answer. On with the revolution! #HongKong #StandwithUyghurs @FreedomHKG @Stand_with_HK @hk_watch @Fight4HongKong @SolomonYue #HK  …
Opinion | The U.S.-China Trade Deal Was Not Even a Modest Win  via @politico
PANDA PARTY: Twenty adorable giant panda cubs born in 2019 made their public debut in southwest China's Sichuan Province on Friday to celebrate the  Spring Festival  
President Trump has made the world a safer place. He killed Iranian terrorist leader Qassem Soleimani He killed ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi. And he's had the balls to start neutralizing China, North Korea and Iran instead of appeasing them.
Trump as a “dangerous nihilist”- From China to Iran, the Trump Administration Attempts to Pull Focus From the Impeachment Trial. @realdonaldtrump Please read and  …
PANDA-MONIUM: 20 baby panda bears were born last year at China's Conservation and Research Center for Giant Pandas. They made their debut to celebrate the  Lunar New Year in China. 
Nolte: The China Trade Deal and 22 Other Times Trump Made Fools of the ‘Experts’  via @BreitbartNews
CDC announced that it will begin screening travelers from a city in China at 3 major U.S. airports, for a mysterious virus that’s resulted in more than 40 confirmed cases and at least 2 deaths. 
they were wrong when they said Trump would never win the election they were wrong when they said the China deal would never get done they were wrong when they said tax cuts would never happen
Two major trade victories this week: The Senate overwhelmingly voted to send #USMCA to President @realDonaldTrump's desk. President Trump also signed the Phase One Trade Agreement with China.
Climate change is a nonsensical argument perpetuated by anarchists & vested interests China ignored even though 6 days of their emissions is equal to 1 year of Australias Billionaires buying water front properties despite rising sea levels Mass immigrations effects ignored  …
China and NK looking at you 
I guess those accused of genocide tend to stick together. A sad day. China's Xi Jinping visits Burma in boost for Aung San Suu Kyi ahead of genocide ruling  … via @telegraphnews
Congo has three centimetres of road per citizen; China has three metres. So beer in Congo must travel by boat, along the second-longest river in Africa 
Now that Trump has a trade deal with China, some Europeans fear he will focus his trade threats on them 
The U.S. is going to screen airline passengers from China for a new virus has sickened dozens and killed 2 people. The Canada Border Services Agency says for now, it's not planning extra screening measures. This story being updated: 
The Brits think they're more important than China and the European Union  …
Tesla Model 3's registrations in China for 2019 show impressive 161% increase year-over-year  …
Tesla's new car registration in China is rise at a staggering rate $TSLA #Tesla #China  …
China isolated on Kashmir issue at UNSC, 14 nations refuse discussion. Big win for India!!  …
Those who have been watching closely the last 6yrs since MH17 in 2014 will note countries from Russia, Venezuela to DPRK, Iran & now China have embraced Crypto & Blockchain BIGLY. Note the intersection of law firms, lobbying firms & real estate with crypto cc 
In the last few weeks, a top teen chessplayer has refused to play for Iran, an Iranian woman chess arbiter can't go home out of fear for not wearing hijab in China, and an Iranian woman Olympics star defects over "lies & injustice". Cracks in culture often spread..
"As a general matter, China’s intelligence collection playbook has long included gathering information on sensitive American facilities at home and abroad...." See:  …
How does the US promote religious freedoms when Trump has pushed the Muslim Ban? How can we force China and India to end its oppression of religious minorities? I asked Amb. Sam Brownback these questions and more for @faithangleforum. Listen  …
Yuanyang (元阳) is a County located in Honghe Prefecture in southeastern Yunnan province, China, along the Honghe River. Yuanyang is well known for its spectacular rice terraces. The famous Yuanyang rice terraces actually are just a small part of the Honghe Hani rice terraces. 
Tongwan City Relics is located in Jingbian County, Shaanxi Province of China.Tongwan City was built in 419 and served as the capital of Xia Kingdom (407AD - 431AD), founded by Helian Bobo of Huns. It is the only the Huns city that has ever been found in China. 
Reminder: Trump’s trade wars, for all their sound and fury, have not reduced the U.S. trade deficit — which was one-quarter higher in 2018 than it was in 2016. The 2018 goods deficit was the largest on record. Even the trade deficit with China was up almost a quarter from 2016.
Directly scheduled flights out of #Wuhan China now until Jan 31, from FLIRT.  , our open source tool to map scheduled and modeled passenger flows via air travel. 
A prominent #MeToo activist and journalist in China has been freed after 3 months in detention, her lawyers told @Reuters. Sophia Huang Xueqin was detained for "picking quarrels and stirring up trouble" — a charge that China's govt frequently uses against activists, says 
President Trump: You have to stand up for Americans imprisoned and arbitrarily detained in China. Our citizens, including Kai Li from New York, are being denied the chance even to talk with their families!  …
"Cassandra Cain : Bat-Woman of China" A fun concept I JUST thought of and quickly hopped on my Wacom to draw ! @geneluenyang what do you think ? :p #CassandraCain 
A view of the city of #Liuzhou, south China's #Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, after heavy 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, along with U.S. Customs and Border Protection, announced the implementation of “enhanced health screenings” for airline passengers arriving from or traveling through the Wuhan province of China amid a mysterious viral outbreak..
Tesla's new car registration in China is rise at a staggering rate  
After deadly virus outbreak in China, CDC announces 'enhanced health screenings' at 3 major US airports  … Wow Really Shut Down Travel To & From China WTF ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦ @SenateGOP⁩ ⁦ @GOP⁩ Americans Health First
Visiting dad. He’s watching ‘Air Crash Investigation’ on maximum volume - the walls are vibrating. Flight 780 is over the South China Sea and both engines have failed - which is something I am sure the entire village knows about.
We've reached the point where Billy Joel could now put out an updated version of "We Didn't Start The Fire" every week: Joe Burrow, Betty White Bernie, Warren, big fight China deal, Eminem Dems go after Trump again
U.S. to screen passengers for new China coronavirus at 3 airports  
Ahead of the Lakers' first matchup with the Rockets, Dwight Howard did not want to talk about the last time these two franchises interacted, when Houston executive Daryl Morey's tweet set off an international firestorm while the Lakers were in China: 
US #Health officials will start screening passengers traveling from central #China at 3 US airports to check whether they have contracted a new and potentially deadly ' #WuhanPneumonia'  …
Why Trump caved on China  …
Today's remarks by Gen Hyten on the New START just make me angry. Asked about the extension he talks about China, Russian non-strategic weapons & non-existing e2d doctrine. Everbody has talking points, but former head of STRATCOM should know better  …
Not seeing the point of this article. @realDonaldTrump is right about A Korea, Europe not giving their fair share to NATO, 98% of oil contracts in Iraq went to Russia and China, & Afghanistan is a losing war. You might not like his style, but he is right  …
What happened to an overworked doctor at a hospital in China 
I honestly think that was the plan. To let foreigners buy out our farmers....Brazil, China, Russia.
The best thing you can say about Trump's Phase One deal with China and the USMCA is that at least, for the time being, they mean he is unlikely to make the trade wars worse. But if that’s really all there is, it’s not much. By  …
Eminem's "Music to be Murdered By" has sold 50,000 copies in China with few hours ! 
Spectacular! A mysterious road appears in ebb tide extending away from the seashore off E China's Fujian 
QQ MUSIC 2019 LISTA DE FIN DE AÑO (CHINA) TOP 10 Artistas Coreanos - BLACKPINK TOP 10 Álbuns Coreanos - Kill This Love TOP 10 MVs - Kill This Love © orangefallIs #KillThisLove #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
Experts estimate GDP growth will be around 1.9% — stunted by tensions with China. Trump promised that his economic policies would deliver 3-4% growth.  …
#Trump-hating #Democrats want to impeach a @potus who just signed major trade deals w/ Mexico, Canada & China; keeps stocks & the job market roaring, &  to even more middle-class tax cuts. @realDonaldTrump makes @TheDemocrats look  …
China has its own Subaru. 
China's birth rate has fallen to its lowest level since 1949 — the founding of the People's Republic of China. 
#ABC_challenge #BoycottChina Let’s stand up to China, express our anger to China for human rights abuse in Hong Kong, Tibet and East Turkestan. Boycott products made in China! Defend your own country by stop using products! Please show sth which is 
Due to political short-sightedness and economic  for decades policymakers had bent over for Communist-China. Finally we have a President that recognized the threat China had  and more importantly we have a President with the courage to do something about it.
Back in the Peach State after a productive week in Washington. Proud to back the President's landmark trade deal with China, vote for #USMCA, and meet with great Georgians like Carolyn Meadows, President of the @NRA. #gapol 
#NEW: @CDCgov to begin screening 3 US airports for #WuhanPneumonia virus, which has killed 2 and infected dozens in #China and across Asia. “It doesn’t take much for a virus in general to go from being worrisome to being especially worrisome"  …
SARS-like virus in China, Thailand & Japan whose symptoms resemble pneumonia. Two patients have died. CDC employees are being deployed to 3 U.S airports to check people arriving from Wuhan, China for fever & other symptoms. Wash. Your. Hands. #FridayThoughts 
My friend @mrbenjaminlaw made this fascinating doc about the history of Chinese in Australia, but it's worth watching for Americans too--for the overlap in history, understanding China's influence today, and also for his mom's poop-jokes and fruit-stealing  …
U.S. to screen airline passengers from China for new illness  
And now  different:  … After losing his parents, a priest travels to China, where he inherits an ability that allows him to turn into a dinosaur. First horrified by this new power, a hooker convinces him to use it to fight crime and ninjas
January 17: Most-active CBOT #corn futures surge 3.7% to $3.89-1/4 per bushel. Only 5 days have been better in the past 8 months: Oct 11, 2019 4.6% (day after USDA; US/ #China deal) Sep 30, 2019: 4.4% (US Sep 1 stocks) May 24/28/30, 2019: 3.7/4/4.2% (US planting) 
The plight of Uighur Muslims is one of the worst humanitarian crisis in the world. China wants the world to stay silent and they are succeeding.  …
Wetlands are the ‘kidneys of the earth’ that filter out harmful materials before they can harm our waterways. In #China, @theGEF & @UNDP are protecting vital coastal areas with awareness-raising campaigns &  efforts:  
A report on alleged Chinese #Corruption in the #Maldives will  by June, the Maldives’ Foreign Minister @Abdulla_Shahid said, as the current government investigates a surge of investments by #China in recent years.  …
#Nepal congratulates the Co-operative Republic of #Guyana on assuming the chair of #G77 & China for the year 2020 & reiterates the need to further strengthening unity & solidarity of the Group to achieve all 17 #SDGs. We thank #Palestine for their leadership in 2019. 
Fantastic night celebrating Chinese New Year with Consul General Zhang and our friends and colleagues in the  Look forward to the new @niexecutive building on NI’s partnerships with China 
[] QQ MUSIC 2019 LISTA DE FIM DE ANO (CHINA) TOP 10 Artistas Coreanos - BLACKPINK TOP 10 Álbuns Coreanos - Kill This Love TOP 10 MVs - Kill This Love cr.: orangefallIs #KillThisLove #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
Plush Bear ~ UPDATE Sadie flew to Florida with 4 other Kunming wolf-dogs on Jan 7th and is a dog from the Nov 3rd slaughterhouse rescue. Elite Greyhound Adoptions took the 5 dogs on and flew them out of China. They are all now at the beautiful rescue ranch in Florida, USA 
Trump's trade deal with China doesn’t do much to relieve the impact of tariffs on California businesses and consumers. @suhaunah explains how some key California industries may be  …
I don't know if this was caught by the #VeFam, but look at this. It's regarding China's nationwide blockchain network. @TokenVision99 @BenYorke @UVtho @vechaininsider @Martijncvv @Crypt0_kenny @MoonShotCaller @wazapepe @vechainofficial $vet 
#SanFrancisco, #NewYork and #LosAngeles’ main international airports will start screening passengers arriving from #Wuhan, #China, for signs of a deadly #virus  
Pursuant to the #WTO's nondiscrimination rule, #China, if asked, will have to enter into "managed trade" deals with the other 161 WTO members. So there goes China's trade surpluses--and its economy.  …
we are banning plastic straws while the third world is filling our oceans with plastic waste. Talk to Russia, India & China about their waste. The Western world is the cleanest in the entire world, but we listen to Chicken Little.
On the heels of the signing of the Phase One U.S.-China trade agreement—which contained positive news for Alaska fishermen—the Senate yesterday passed another critical trade agreement, the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, with more positive news for Alaska. #USMCAwin 
On a 2015 journey to the Guliya ice cap in China’s Tibet, scientists found something remarkable: 15,000-year-old viruses—some of them new to science. 
Three of the busiest U.S. airports will start screening passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, for signs of a deadly new virus that has sickened dozens 
Pelosi uses $15K worth of bullet pens to impeach @POTUS @realDonaldTrump uses $1.99 @Sharpie to sign a $2 Billion trade deal with China. 
I have heard someone suggest that vaccines could be best marketed as “based on an ancient folk practice originating in China and India, it boosts the body's own immune function to increase natural resistance to disease”—all of which is true  …
Have a great time Mr President You had a fantastic week Signed a Historic China Trade Deal 7.2 Billion dollars added for our Border Wall The USMCA passed the Senate Stock Market going through the roof And you made the Democrats look like idiots once again
The current crisis with Iran is pulling America back into the Middle East, distracting the U.S. from the supposedly higher priority threat posed by China. Read my latest, with @C_M_Dougherty in @DefenseOne, on the problem:  …
At least we see the truth. Its a worldwide attempt pushed by the UN to overthrow free markets and replace with socialism Greta still afraid of China though.  …
SEC's CryptoMom Wants US to Learn From Chinese Digital Innovation #JTS China out performing and leading the way in #cryptocurrency  …
Expensive red tape. Black market workarounds. Rigid content restrictions. Today on EGM, @crapstacular sheds light on the struggles—and perseverance—of indie devs in the world's biggest gaming market: China.  …
Cutting through all of the disinformation with ⁦ @zacharykarabell⁩ Opinion | The U.S.-China Trade Deal Was Not Even a Modest Win - POLITICO  …
China has imposed the most intrusive system of surveillance the world has ever seen:  … 
JFK will screen passengers for deadly new virus from China  
More than 100 staffers from the CDC are being deployed to three US airports to check passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, for fever and other symptoms of a mysterious new virus that's killed two and infected dozens in China, the CDC announced 
India's ruling party and its paramilitary wing (RSS) are inspired by the Nazis, but are now mimicking China by announcing its intention to establish Muslim concentration camps in Kashmir under the pretense of "decraidicalization."  …
Just wanna say fuck Israel and fuck China and fuck India
Maybe a decline from 1.4 billion people can be looked at as a good thing and an opportunity for human well-being & environmental sustainability rather than a crisis. China’s Birthrate Hits Historic Low, in Looming Crisis for Beijing 
NEW: US health officials to begin airport screenings for  from Wuhan, China, the center of a growing outbreak of a never-before-seen respiratory virus. 
People traveling to the U.S. from Wuhan, China, will be screened for fevers, coughs or difficulty breathing, after a new pneumonia-like virus sickened dozens in Asia 
#BREAKING LAX, two other major airports to screen airline passengers from China for new illness that has sickened dozens, killed two 
"Mystery virus" forces @CDCgov to begin screening travelers at three major airports after return trips from China. 
U.S.-China trade deal to ease global uncertainty: IMF chief  
#ImNotWillingTo turn my back on #China's ruthless campaign to exterminate minority peoples. #EastTurkistan #Xinjiang
"China’s rise, its desire to impose its will around the world, continues to be something that America has to be very focused on.  …
a month ago I ordered some Pawpaw trees from Amazon, (y’all know how curious I get about fishy product listings) But, the reviews were good and clearly showed pawpaw trees. When it shipped, it said from China and I thought oh no what am I getting. The answer is papayas. 
In response to an outbreak in China caused by a novel (new) coronavirus, @CDCgov will begin health screenings of travelers arriving from #Wuhan, China at 3 US airports.  … #novelcoronavirus 
Smartphone market share: 1.Samsung: 21% 2.Huawei: 18% 3.Apple: 12% 4.Oppo: 9% 5.Xiaomi: 8% 6.Vivo: 8% 7. Realme: 3% The rise of Chinese brands. (CR) #china #android
Xi is in Myanmar - To get a port for China on the eastern side of India!  …
U.S. health officials will immediately begin screening airline passengers from central China for a new virus that has sickened dozens and killed 2. People traveling from Wuhan, China, will have their temperatures checked and be asked about symptoms. 
ALERT: @CDCgov to screen passengers arriving from Wuhan #China to JFK, SFO + LAX for symptoms of a mysterious new virus that's killed 2 and infected 45 people. The “2019 Novel Coronavirus” is in the same family as SARS that infected 8,000 & killed 774.  …
As Dems signed the sham articles of impeachment, @potus was signing phase 1 of the China deal thats going to reset the world economy in favor of the American worker. We'll be stronger because of this trade deal. Dems, through impeachment, are trying to make our country weaker. 
Ambassador of China to Pakistan Yao Jing called on President Dr. Arif Alvi. @ArifAlvi said that friendship between China and Pakistan has stood the test of time and Pakistan attaches utmost importance to its relations with China. 
Visiting China may be hazardous to your health... => Three U.S. Airports to Screen Passengers for Chinese Coronavirus 
Trump’s Secretary of State is lecturing Iran on the legitimacy of its elections. Trump solicited help in the 2016 election from Russia (and received it). Trump has solicited help in the 2020 election from Ukraine and China—and those are just the countries we know of.  …
The CDC will screen passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, for symptoms of a mysterious new deadly virus. The screenings will be at airports in Los Angeles and San Francisco, and New York's JFK.  
#ICYMI @FarmBureau Economist @VNigh joins Wall to Wall to talk about the benefits for US farmers from the Phase One trade deal with China and the USMCA  …
"For years, a core US objective was to get the Chinese to  more market-oriented and less centrally planned. Now, Trump has demanded  to huge new centrally planned purchases of soybeans, pork and other US goods, regardless market demand."  …
The U.S. will begin — at JFK, LAX and SFO — screening passengers who are traveling from Wuhan, China, for a virus that has caused a pneumonia outbreak in that city. The CDC says at this moment the risk of infection to the general American public is low. 
36 different types of buses and trucks in China use Ballard technology. Our fuel stacks power more than 60% of the fuel cell buses and trucks deployed in the country.  #cleanenergy #transport #cleanfuel
Breaking News: 3 major airports in Los Angeles, New York and San Francisco will screen passengers arriving from a city in China where a mysterious respiratory virus has sickened dozens 
Wars aren't software driven , they are software assisted A Doctrine is a function of capability and constraints China is a formidable adversary , Pakistan is at best an irritant Words like Fusion , R&D and Computing Power are so stale that they stink  …
Everybody abhors the "managed trade" aspect of the #ChinaTradeDeal, but this will start a trend as other countries realize that Prez #Trump was smart to require #China to buy a fixed amount of goods and services.  …
Travelers to 3 U.S. airports to be screened for new, potentially deadly virus from China, the first monitoring since Ebola  …
#MiuMiuCroisiere20 as seen in the January Issue of Harper's Bazaar China. Photography by #ZhangChao Styling by #RentyWu 
Update: Following an investigation, China’s Ministry of Education has shut down several “quantum speed-reading” training centers in the provinces of Guangdong, Shanxi, and Sichuan. Related read:  
Where do they make Barack’s and Russell Wilson’s at???? Is there a manufacturer in China, they got everything else!
Let's talk about sexism, babies... @_EmmaGH on China's plunging birth rates.  …
A Chinese facial-recognition database with information on thousands of children was stored with no protection on the internet, a researcher discovered, raising questions about school surveillance and cybersecurity in China 
A warm  to PM of #Guyana, H.E. Mr. Moses Veerasammy Nagamootoo as @UNGuyana assumes the chairmanship of #G77+China. Thank you to Pres. Mahmoud Abbas @Palestine_UN for your dedication & support to @UNDP during your chairmanship in 2019. @antonioguterres @UN 
CDC to begin airport screenings to prevent spread of new virus outbreak that started in China  
UK Jews Seek to Draw Attention to Persecution of Uyghurs by China - Algemeiner 
Something you need to know about #China. Seeing is believing. 
10 Countries With the Richest Histories: 1. USA 2. Mexico 3. North Macedonia 4. China 5. Israël 6. Russia 7. India 8. France 9. United Kingdom 10. Turkey US News & World Report
MOTS: Persona has surpassed 500k digital sales in Net Ease Music, China #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt  …
Another nightmare inches toward reality. China's interment camps are everyone's problem.  …
Smartphone market share: 1.Samsung: 21% 2.Huawei: 18% 3.Apple: 12% 4.Oppo: 9% 5.Xiaomi: 8% 6.Vivo: 8% 7. Realme: 3% The rise of Chinese brands. (CR) #china #android
“With China the challenge is not how tough you can be but how smart.” - ⁦  …
President Trump uses a $1.99 Sharpie to sign $2,000,000,000.00 in trade deals w/China. Nancy Pelosi uses custom made gold bullet pens to sign articles of Impeachment Wonder how many homeless people she could have helped in her home district San Francisco if she used a Sharpie 
President Trump signed a phase one trade deal with China and USMCA is headed to his desk. It was a great week for North Missouri farmers!  …
India’s top trade partners, 2018. (lakh crore) U.S: 6.15 China: 6.09 UAE: 4.19 S Arab: 2.38 Hong Kong: 2.17 S'pore: 1.95 Iraq: 1.69 Germany: 1.68 S Korea: 1.50 Indonesia: 1.48 Switzerland: 1.34 Japan: 1.23 Malaysia: 1.21 Belgium: 1.20 Iran: 1.19 U.K: 1.19 (Commerce Ministry)
China's birthrate hits lowest level since country was founded in 1949  
. @jamespomfret:The Revolt of Hong Kong: China's freest city fights for its future - Reuters chronicles Hong Kong's fight for freedom in a series of scoops, investigations, graphics and photographs  … #HongKongProtests #China @GlobalCRL @HandsOffCain_En
#6: President Trump did something that the political elite class in DC & in the DNC Media said would be impossible: he got a new trade deal done with China on much more favorable terms to the US.
#Japan and the #US together are keeping the peace in #EastAsia. Without their enduring partnership, #China by now would have conquered neighbors and taken control of peripheral seas and skies.  …
In a Chinese supermarket.....like zombies #CCPChina #china 
While China & India are teaching their children Math & Science so they can one day take over the world with good paying jobs, our children are being taught to hate America. Hate their president. 75 different types of genders & can no longer read or write cursive. Think about that
Summary of US aggression against China with results. 1. To kill Huawei. FAILED 2. To turn Xinjiang into Syria 2.0. FAILED 3. To make China accepts Plaza Accord 2.0 & make China submit in Trade war. FAILED 5. Funding extreme violence in HK wishing Tiannamen Square 2. FAILED  …
#China’s economic growth cooled to its weakest in nearly 30 years in 2019 amid a bruising #TradeWar, and more stimulus is expected this year as #Beijing tries to boost sluggish investment and  …
In China, church services now begin with songs praising the Communist Party, followed by bowing to giant portraits of Xi Jinping. 
Western investors are shark bait in China’s $1.4 trillion bad-debt ocean  … via @WSJ
In China, researchers took a social chatbot and enrolled it in university. The result? A published author, fine artist, and MFA recipient (and she can write your annual finance report, too)!  
Japan reported its first case of a new coronavirus, which has infected 41 people in China, sparking concern about the virus's potential to spread during Chinese New Year next week, when millions are expected to be traveling. 
Peter Navarro Previews Phase Two of China Trade Deal  …
#China #Pakistan Economic Corridor #CPEC The #Punjab gov't has announced to start #Lahore Orange Line Metro Train #OLMT service for public on March 23. This marvellous project was started by Ex Chief under Minister Punjab Shabaz Sharif but delayed due to stay order of court 
China Regional President of HTC Vive makes reference to a "LFD3" "Valve HL Alyx/LFD3 will drive consumer and AAA studio interest"  …
modern wangxian au wei wuxian, a young man born with a smile on his face, is a wanted criminal, ruling the biggest mafia in china. lan wangji is a cop who's been after him for years. they don't expect to fall in love, but sometimes it's impossible to control your heart 
China’s $200 billion, two-year spending spree negotiated with the Trump administration appears increasingly difficult to deliver, with more than $50 billion of U.S. exports annually left out 
Also Rural white people: Trump's tariffs screwed us out of billions in sales to China and other markets. Trump: Okay, given them reparations. $12 Billion the first year, $16 Billion the second year.  …
An overwhelmingly clear mandate Plus Article 45 of Basic Law promises universal suffrage. It is time to call on China to fulfill its promises to the people of #HongKong I look forward to working with my friend @lukedepulford to make this happen #StandwithHK  …
This futuristic #robotic restaurant in south China's metropolis Guangzhou is unlike anything the country has seen before.  @XinhuaTravel @MikeQuindazzi @evankirstel @jblefevre60 @mvollmer1 @Ronald_vanLoon 
Yep, actually Persona is currently the 5th highest selling album of all time on the site and it's the only music platform in China where BTS releases their new music ^^
. @RVsmtown in the Top 10 Korean Artists on QQ music 2019 (China's biggest music streaming service). #REDVELVET 
Deutsche Telekom has ended its relationship with the German lobby firm that employed an ex-EU diplomat suspected of spying for #China  …
Because they think in binaries and "clash of civilization." Don't want another rival to rise, like China.  …
[Recap] Hong Kong student who helped found volunteer protest medic group arrested in China, classmates say  … #HongKong #China #HongKongProtest #antiELABhk 
Black Swan by @BTS_twt debuted at #1 on NetEase Music's Daily Sales Chart. NetEase is one of the largest music streaming services in China So far, it has sold over 170K so far 
Chelsea have overtaken Manchester United and Liverpool City to  the Premier League club with the biggest online presence in China... #CFC #MUFC #LFC #China  …
China anger after woman drives into Forbidden City 
[] 20.1.18 Name: Jung Hayeon 정하연 Mandarin Name: Hui Yan 惠妍 Age: 2005 Liner Nationality: Korean Possible Position: Vocal - She studied at International School in China. She can speak Eng, Kor, & Cn. Was accepted into YG on May 2019. #YGNGG #YGNEWGIRLGROUP 
This week, @realDonaldTrump signed a landmark Phase 1 trade agreement with China, while House Democrats passed out pens and paraded across Capitol Hill. #fixit 
A US warship sailed through the #TaiwanStrait on Jan. 16, the island’s defense ministry said, less than a week after #Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen won re-election by a landslide on a platform of standing up to #China which claims the island.  …
More sickening news from China. Some priests, presumably being polite in a way that makes us English look blunt, say that the Sino-Vatican agreement was signed "too lightly."  …
#Gravitas | China's attempts to gain influence in India's backyard are a threat. But's China's economy has hit a 30-year low. Last year, China's total debt rose to more than 300%! @palkisu tells you how China's economic troubles could impact the global economy 
Emperor Pooh knows he can't kill Zhao Ziyang's China dream of giving Chinese people the consent of the governed principle, free speech rights, & democracy.  …
You know how weak the Democrat's impeachment case is? It is so bad that China realized there was no chance the Democrats could affect Trump's position on trade so they settled. If they had thought for a second Trump would not get a second term, they would have held out. #MAGA
Vatican turns other cheek as the Chinazis evicts bishop onto street Vatican allowing China to punish priests who do not join the CCP churches. Pope Francis, shame on you! 
#Health conscious people in #China are frustrated that new food items are continually being added to their beware list as numerous articles in the past several months have revealed an unacceptable number of foods tainted with toxic substances.  …
Russia has de-dollarised its trade flows while work on public digital currencies has been stepped up in Europe and China 
My answer to this question is "yes". Taiwan is a great place. China, as we've seen recently, is a pretty nasty overlord. There are some pretty gross replies here, among the "no" column.  …
Michelle Yeoh To Narrate ‘The Hidden Kingdoms Of China’ Special For Nat Geo – TCA  
Grateful to China, Turkey & Malaysia for their unstinted support for Kashmiris.. Called India out on its post-Aug 5 actions in IOK. At a time when silence vis-a-vis rights abuses is a global norm, these countries have been on right side of history& showed others the way forward.
Liberals, WAKE UP. While @realDonaldTrump makes an historical trade agreement with China, Nancy Pelosi signs false articles of impeachment. The Democrat Party of hate and treason wants to control every aspect of your life and destroy everything we stand for. 
for all the bad hotel journalism done by Westerners about China, nothing will ever beat the piece I edited by a Chinese opinion writer which based an entire 1000-word argument about Dubai on a six-hour stopover at the airport
Yes, China could be 5x economy but they can never beat us in protests & procreation  …
European autos seem to be the most in trouble. The US and China have more aggressively pursued autonomous driving and electric cars. Seems like Europe will see the first wave of consolidation  failure.  …
The patient in Japan, a man in his 30s, had traveled to Wuhan, China, but had not visited the city's large seafood market that's been linked to many coronavirus cases. 
FBI Director Wray told Sen. Hawley that Chinese Confucius Institutes at U.S. universities are a “source of concern” that allow the #China government to  propaganda, encourage censorship and restrict academic freedom. 
Even with the phase one deal, US tariffs on imports from China are more than six times what they were before the trade war started in 2018. 
India & China had the same Per Capita GDP in the late 90s. Now it's $2000 Vs $10,000  …
Rebeckah Adcock, former herbicide industry lobbyist turned USDA appointee, helped Dow Chemical gain approval from China to import its genetically modified, herbicide-resistant seeds. See the documents we uncovered:  …
DM from a Catholic in China: “The betrayals  thick and fast now”.
“As the repercussions of China’s high-handed counterterrorism policy play out, U.S. policymakers may find themselves wishing that they had made the security-focused humanitarian argument—and Chinese officials will wish that they had listened to it.” 
China's GDP grew 6.1% in 2019. Many people think the number is not good and it shows Chinese economy is sluggish. Perhaps it is because the number is not much higher than the estimated 0.6% of Germany, over 1% of Japan and 2.3% of the US.
I failed a Google phone screen in 2006. I was stuck in China with no money because my boss at the time didn't pay me, and all I had to do was pass the phone screen (on a topic identical to what I had been working on for months) to get a free plane ticket to California  …
Jungkooks vocal always bring me to tears. It's beautiful. Thank you. @BTS_twt #BlackSwan #정국 #JK 
Volvo announced it has partnered with state-owned telecom giant China  to test 5G automotive applications  
5.3 earthquake, 88km E of Arzak, China. 2020-01-18 00:05:48 at epicenter (21m ago, depth 9.3km).  …
Trump’s China tariffs have not caused Americans to pay $1,000 more a year. Here’s why 
also thanks fortnite china for my free vbucks that I can only use on Fortnite China lol
Here is an official render from Fortnite china showing off the unreleased skin "Swift". This render from what I can tell was made to be art used on the webpage China has for the Chinese New Year. 
A student involved in organizing a medic group supporting #HongKongProtests was arrested in #China for “soliciting prostitution.” Another supporter, #SimonCheng, faced the same charge after claiming he was tortured into making a "forced  …
1-  to buying $200b in US products in the next 2 years 2- China has a short-term swine flu crisis 3- Largest pork producer in the US is Smithfield, owned by Chinese conglomerate WH Group 4- China will buy $200b in mostly pork 5-  to buying from China
On New Year's Eve 2012 Obama signed NDAA 2013 which legalized the indefinite detention without trial of Americans. Joining Nazi Germany, Stalin's USSR, China and North Korea in adopting such laws. NOT wishing Happy Birthday Michelle 
NB: The heroic Bishop Guo was first evicted from his see by @Pontifex as part of the disgraceful (and still secret) Vatican-China deal.  …
Military, all GOVT Agencies, CIA, FBI and all other INTEL afraid to say BOO to DT, a well known lying COWARD, that has instilled FEAR in all these PEOPLE! This is great for our ENEMIES, RUSSIA, CHINA, NK, IRAN and all other dictatorships. WHO DOES DT, REPRESENT AND WORK FOR????
#China plans to send record-smashing over 60 #spacecraft into orbit via over 40 launches this year, said Space Department of China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation 
WHO says new mysterious China #Coronavirus / Wuhan Pneumonia could spread. WHO informed the Health Ministry #SriLanka and other countries which are frequently visited by Chinese tourists and nationals to be cautious of the virus. #HealthSL #LKA  
China will smash its record for space launches in 2020 as more than 60 spacecraft are expected to be sent into orbit via over 40 launches this year  
Honoring the LSU national championship football team, Trump falsely claims the USMCA and his preliminary China deal are the two biggest trade deals in history. Ignoring GATT/WTO rounds: the Trans-Pacific Partnership included all three USMCA countries and also nine others.
Not Israel, not the US, not India, not Burma, not China, PAKISTAN is the ONlY country in the world where I can be jailed for reading the Quran.
China raised Kashmir issue in UNSC as gesture of goodwill: Chinese FO  …
China’s GDP may have slowed to 6.1% in 2019 - but that’s still almost triple the US GPD of 2.1% (which is far below the 4% that 45 promised). China’s PPP is $6 trillion higher than ours. US GPD Forecast is 2% or lower in next 3 yrs #wtpEBRC  …
U.S.-China Phase 2 trade deal unlikely: S&P trade analyst  
Global religious persecution watchdog Open Doors USA is calling on the United States government to fight the persecution and mistreatment of Christians and other religious minorities in countries like China, India, and North Korea.  …
Twenty giant #panda cubs posed in front of cameras to send to the world their greetings for the #ChineseNewYear at a breeding base in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province. 
The government reckons that more than 450m people in China are short-sighted 
LUNAR new year, not Chinese New Year. Moon not made in China. Love, all the other Asians.
NGL, I know this bald cop is trash, as is the fact he is being lauded as a hero in China for pointing a shotgun at protestors (before such things were an everyday event), but this action figure they made of him is way cooler than it has any right to be. 
What happened to an overworked doctor at a hospital in China 
. @RVsmtown's #TheReVeFestivalFinale in the Top 10 K-POP albums on QQ music for 2019 (China's biggest music streaming service). #REDVELVET 
China, US and EU don't care what UK voters think. Something oddly naive in the framing of how the poll results were presented, as if the fate of the world was in the hands of swing voters in Nuneaton or Putney  …
Happy Friday! Thanks to one of our amazing VMware Engineers in China, Songtao (you may know his work on USB NICs for ESXi), we now have built-in NIC working with ESXi on #NUC10 Details will be shared when ready, but for #Homelab folks, you’re 
The United States' scientific lead is shrinking as China and other nations build up their science resources, says the National Science Board. 
Trump got his deal to reduce the US trade deficit with China, while India's trade deficit with China continues to climb. More than two months after the Modi-Xi summit, the agreement to start trade talks at the vice premier/finance minister level has still to translate into action
Another #HongKongProtester arrested in #China on charges "soliciting prostitution." The same charge was applied to ex-UK consulate worker #SimonCheng. Cheng said he was hooded, blindfolded and tortured to the point of breakdown   …
TRUMP WINS again- USMCA headed 2 @POTUS 2 sign just  major trade deal with China, triggering new highs n stock markets. Sen McConnell - USMCA major WIN for TRUMP Admin Sen Grassley - A major win for @POTUS /Americans #Trump2020 VOTE RED  …
Xi Jinping is in Myanmar to expand China's footprint & access a backdoor to the Indian Ocean. China already has ports in Lanka & Pak. With a port in Myanmar China will encircle India. But does it have the money to sustain this? China's growth hits a 30-yr low. #Gravitas  …
The market continues to move higher. Just wait until Trump secures phase two of the China trade deal and drops the tariffs in the late summer. The market could be at 35,000 or higher by Election Day. 
China Posts Weakest Growth in 29 Years as Trade War Bites  …
Human Rights Watch warns that if China continues to go unchecked, it threatens to enslave the entire global population and eviscerate freedom for good.  …
Think of it in the past 2 weeks Trump managed to kill Suleimani without starting a war, signing phase one US/China trade deal, getting USMCA passed in the Senate which now awaits his signature, that's more than any other politician did in the past 40 years.
*NEW VIDEO* China, Russia, North Korea and Iran Form Anti-American Alliance WATCH ▷  
We can’t say for sure if hiring expensive lobbying and legal firms helps  get out of Trump's high China tariffs.  the efforts of those w/ and w/out (small biz owner Mike Elrod’s on the left) is particularly illuminating.  
Tom Steyer would have canceled President Trump’s tariffs against China. Did he forget the tariffs were put in place because of the country’s cheating trade practices? Steyer needs to change his campaign slogan to “Make China Great Again” after 
China’s economy grew at 6.1% in 2019 … its slowest pace since 1990.
You are so right. China cooks economic numbers to create a mirage to deceive it's own people & the world.  …
What about the results of the #DistrictCouncil elections? #China tried to make that a referendum on the "Black Shirts" and lost everywhere.  …
Think of it in the past 2 weeks Trump managed to kill Suleimani without starting a war, signing phase one US/China trade deal, getting NAFTA passed in the Senate which now awaits his signature, that's more than any other politician did in the past 40 years.
Lee Hi's 24°C EP in the Top 10 K-POP albums on QQ music for 2019 (China's biggest music streaming service) Congratulations @hello_lee_hi!! 
“ #India’s top  has created shock waves by suggesting that #Kashmiris could be shipped off to “deradicalization camps,” which rights activists consider an alarming echo of what China has done to many of its Muslim citizens.” 
lisa stans trying to figure out what lisa could be doing in those 3 days in sk before she goes back to china, and why would she be be in milan and paris: 
With “friends” like China... #KovrigAndSpavor #Huawei Is the Trudeau-appointed “Independent” Senators Group Leader Woo getting paid for  …
Couples that can survive Overcooked 2 without breaking up can outlast anything - there's a reason they call Overcooked "Divorce Kitchen" in China  
1,284 meters long, the 1st #highway #bridge connecting #China and #Russia across the #Heilongjiang River has passed final acceptance test and is expected to open in April, transport authority of NE China's Heilongjiang Province said Friday 
 … china export fake drugs to Africa and the world, 100K ppl died of fake prescription each yr in Africa; also china export tons of plastic rice to Africa. one belt one fucxxxxx road it is
Dubai would be up for sale. China is patiently waiting to buy them off. Should India throw a bid as well? Wouldn’t Dubai could be a great investment for India?
#China did not grow 6.1% last year. In reality, it probably grew about the same as the US. With some important indicators flashing red, it is not inconceivable the economy flirted with 0%.  …
Aside of Pak rhetoric, this is substantially true - India's the only cntry in Asia ex-Japan to have access to US, European and Israeli tech in strategic areas. We shd be miles ahead of Pak and China qualitatively - if not, Indian mil shd be asked tough qtns why...  …
Today’s #FlashBackFridayOMF post is from ME/CFS patient Charlie ( @Way.Of.Health on Instagram). He explains, “This photo was taken a couple of years before I fell ill. I was training @a traditional kung fu academy with Shaolin monks in the mountains of Shandong province, China” 
Instead of partnering and cooperation with China for a peaceful tomorrow, the USA is building up India as a belligerent against China in the region. Wrong strategy. 1. Cooperation with China is a win-win for world peace. 2. India will eventually drag the USA down with it.  …
A 2nd person has died after being infected with the new SARS-like virus. Called the 2019-nCoV virus, it's caused dozens of pneumonia cases where it started in Wuhan, China, and emerged in Japan and Thailand. More @business:  #武漢 
. @amyklobuchar H.R.5598 proposed by @BettyMcCollum04 will do 2 things. It will lock the U.S. out of the nickel industry handing it over to China. It will also cost the Permanent School Trust Fund billions of $$. Finally it will cost NE MN 1,000s of jobs. @MinnesotaMiners
Dear Libnut AKA @CHUCKSCHUMER TRUMP clearly won the China trade war ...and ... if you allow yourself even a modicum of honesty ... YOU know it too! #TRUMP2020Landside #RedWave2020 #KAG2020
[NEWS] 200117 #LuHan Studio reposted China Movie Report's weibo: Protect movies Copyright and say "No" to Piracy with Lu Boss Cr. 中国电影报道 Link:  … 
#China is big but weak. #HongKong is small but  …
China creating ‘system of persecution for the future,’ Open Doors warns  …
"Experts" (Never-Trumpers) hammered us for 2 years with doom and gloom about Trump China tariffs. The bottom line? They worked! New China Trade deal. And it's good for America! #KAG2020  …
#China cannot keep #HongKong. It has irrevocably lost the hearts and minds of the youngest generation. Beijing's exit could be slow and will surely be painful, but the Chinese, now viewed as occupiers, will one day  …
Hey #MAGA, this is a load of disinformation and propaganda for the poorly informed. The China tariffs aren't going away, they continue to hurt us. China guaranteed nothing. Mexican workers get $15 minimum wage, US workers don't. It's another Trump/GOP con.  …
India’s top  has suggested that Kashmiris could be shipped off to “deradicalization camps." Rights activists consider this an alarming echo of what China has done to many of its Muslim citizens. 
 from Senator over speaking date with #China endorsed "Friendship Society"; also thanked #Huawei for its contributions to Canada.  … #cdnpoli @CCFSO1 
1/ 【A Japanese politician "China is a democratic nation"】 This is Japanese politician, Haraguchi, belonging to the opposition party "The Constitutional Democratic Party", saying that "China is a democratic nation". Haraguchi says China keeps its attitude to protect...  …
Breaking News! @BernieSanders railroaded (again) by @DNC Mexico stops another caravan from Honduras China trade agreement signed Markets hits another record high @realDonaldTrump still winning @TeamPelosi has after impeachment hangover @CNN still fake @AOC still stupid
How important is Britain in the world? The British people put Britain at number two in our list, behind the US but ahead of China and the European Union. 
China's totalitarianism is spreading globally; the Chinese have been brainwashed by the Communist Party for a long time and have lost their humanity #China 
Trump desperately wants to change the subject away from impeachment. This week he tried to undo some of the damage done by his trade war with China.  … #Trump #China #TradeDeal #trade #TTP 
Hmm Google, Facebook, Neuralink Sued for Weaponized AI Tech Transfer, Complicity to Genocide in China and Endangering Humanity with Misuse of AI - THE AI ORGANIZATION  …
We've partnered with NetEase to launch Marvel Unlimited China! This version of our #MarvelUnlimited App features your favorite stories in simplified Chinese. To celebrate the launch,  in the app are free for a limited time:  
China sees weakest growth in 29 years amid trade war with US Meanwhile...we are setting records on a daily basis, our economy is BOOMING! Remember when the "experts" said that a trade war would be catastrophic for the U.S.? #Winning  …
New data shows Trump's trade war led to China's weakest growth in 29 years  
China is creating a “blueprint” “system of persecution for the future” that could be sold to persecute people across the globe, head of the prominent Christian persecution watchdog agency Open Doors USA has warned. #WorldWatchList  …
With @realDonaldTrump's Phase One China deal, I think of all the Hoosiers who have seen first-hand what bad trade deals do. They’ve been waiting for what was achieved this week. President Trump is putting workers first. 
Size of Wuhan outbreak of a novel #coronavirus estimated from the three cases detected outside China: Likely to be over 1000 cases. @imperialcollege @mrc_outbreaks report released today  
It’s Not The Fed Driving The Stock Markets Higher It's the Fed, European Central Bank and Bank of Japan altogether... The author forgot about Swiss National Bank, and who knows maybe even People's Bank of China (good topic to analyze)  …
After talking tough for years, China’s negotiators are now bowing to reality. Enjoyed working with my fellow Tennessean, @AndyPuzder on this opinion piece regarding the ‘phase one’ trade deal with China. Read more →  …
Read this: Nancy Pelosi used $5,000 worth of engraved pens for her signing of the Articles of Impeachment. Donald Trump used a sharpie to sign a $2T trade deal with China. One of these people cares about what your tax dollars go towards.
China’s economic growth slowed to 6.1% as trade and business confidence suffered. Some private sector economists think growth may slow further. Here’s what we’re watching with @ahirtens. 
China's got BIG problems. 
It's always summer somewhere. Laura Hoskin is a former Ole Miss golfer from New Zealand who plays tour golf primarily on the China LPGA.  
China's economy cooled to its slowest pace in nearly three decades in 2019, according to new data — a further sign that the protracted trade war with the U.S. has taken a toll. 
200117 QQ Music [2019 TOP Charts] Top 10 China Mainland Singer 16 songs on the Chart*371 times Top 10 Chinese Album 4 songs on the Chart*155 times, <HONEY> 4.4758 mil copies sold, Epic Record Certification Top 10 Bestseller: <HONEY> @layzhang 2019 MV of the Year: 
I'm old enough to remember when Republicans claimed to be anti-tax and pro-market This China "phase 1" deal is neither  …
(Broadcast Schedule) #เซียวจ้าน #肖战 #XiaoZhan 18.01.2020 “China Literature” Dragon TV 19.01.2020 “Our Songs” Final Episode 24.01.2020 “CCTV Spring Festival Gala” 25.01.2020 “BTV Spring Festival Gala” 27-28.01.2020 “Our Songs Special” Dragon TV Spring Festival 
Tesla China will soon upgrades to use Baidu Maps $TSLA #Tesla #China  …
Trump’s Trade Deal with China is a Steroid Shot for the U.S. Economy  …
China isn’t going to invade Taiwan, they don’t need to  …
Spot on analysis. Cost-benefit of China deal is negative. Too much pain for American farmers + manufacturers paying tariffs but little gain. If China takes gov't action to force purchases of US goods, that's WTO violation.  …
Union Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has issued travel advisory for travellers visiting China, in the view of Novel coronavirus outbreak in China. 
A young Chinese man boarding the flight ahead of me from Delhi has a little China flag on his rucksack. Fondly and proudly carrying his nation wherever he goes. Toxic nationalism, I tell you :-)
Killing a panda in China is a crime punishable by death.
China’s actions in Hong Kong gave the Taiwanese a glimpse of their possible future of “one country, two systems”, and they voted a resounding “No, thanks.”  …
Pelosi uses $15,000.00 worth of bullet pens to impeach the president. President Trump uses a $1.99 Sharpie to sign a $2 Billion trade deal with China. That's the difference between a business man and a worthless professional politician. #ShamImpeachment 
Thanks, China observers on Twitter, for forwarding me the sad news. The US government is making a mistake by ending the Peace Corps program in China. While the relationship between our governments has been impacted by poor leadership on both sides...
Weirdness: It's Confirmed, Chinese Switch Cartridges Taste Just As Bad As Ours  … #Weirdness #NintendoSwitch #China 
China’s birth rate fell to its lowest level in the country’s modern history, as cultural expectations shift and the cost of city living skyrockets 
The China Power Project has a job opening. Strong background in international relations and data analysis, preferably with a PhD. The job description is posted  …. Interested candidates can feel free to contact me  …
BREAKING: Housing starts are up a HUGE 16.9%, much better than the predicted number. At the same time, China's GDP is down the most in 29 years. President Trump's policies are working. We're all winning. #MAGA #KAG #MAGICWAND #WINNING
I'm blown away by all these awesome #BucketListMemories for #FlashbackFridayz! One of mine was visiting the Great Wall of China! Please share, retweet & tag hosts @carpediemeire @TravelBugsWorld @Adventuringgal + guests @tspadventure & @travelwithirine @KinoAlyse 
Meet the British Orthodox Jew standing up for China’s Uighur Muslims  …
President @realDonaldTrump signed a landmark Phase One Trade Agreement with #China. In the agreement,  to import no less than $200 billion of U.S. goods and services in the next two years.  
 … China's economy grows at slowest rate in decades China about to feel the Big Hurt.
Reports today in FT of birthrates going down in both China and Italy. Is the human race subconsciously reacting to the climate emergency by putting a cork in itself?
President @realDonaldTrump said he would fix our economy and create more jobs.... this year has just started and we have already made deal with USMCA & China! Thanks you Mr. President For continuing to put the American people first. You are truly a man of your word
“The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed above 29000 for the first time Wednesday after President Trump signed an initial trade pact with China."  …
Lawyers have perverted our judicial branch, turned our congress into a racketeering enterprise and used the executive branch to tear our country apart... It’s time America figures out who those that set the curriculums of law schools really work for - China, Russia, the U.N?
China says raised Kashmir at informal UNSC meet out of "goodwill"& Indian side may have "over-interpreted it if they see that in a different light."  …
Trump promised the biggest, best trade deals. Then he brought us two years of trade wars and taxes on ourselves. Now that we’ve seen what he actually negotiated in the USMCA and the “phase 1” China deals, hard not to wonder: is that all there is? Really?  …
This has been one of the most important weeks ever for Kansas agriculture. USMCA has passed Congress Phase 1 China deal signed No wonder Democrats are trying to keep us distracted with this phony impeachment hoax! Promises made. Promises kept by @realDonaldTrump.
Lesser-known but worthy cultural tourism destinations in China Take a look  
Chinese Foreign Ministry: China's position on the issue of Kashmir is consistent and clear. It is a dispute left over from history and should be resolved properly and peacefully in accordance with the UN Charter, relevant Security Council resolutions and bilateral agreements.
ICYMI in the Merkel @FT transcript, an interesting (if vague) new line on support for @ericsson & @nokia - “Naturally we need to give our own European providers the same level of support as China gives its firms”  …
Bezos needs India more than India needs Bezos. If there is no Amazon, another Flipkart will rise. China has barred all foreign  firms, we haven't. They need to understand that that does  free.  …
China’s economic growth slowed down to its weakest in 29 years, as the trade war bites  
'Made in China' stickers are made in Korea.
#Photos || During a meeting, at the Institute of International Studies of China, prominent academics from the People's Republic of #China, discussed with the Foreign Minister, @jaarreaza, the challenges of Latin America and the Caribbean under the current political context.
Lotus by Fang Zhaoling, 1980, who was a leading figure among women artists in 20th-century China born #onthisday. Born in Jiangsu Province, she travelled and lived in many different places, including Oxford, and exhibited her paintings 
With China, the challenge is not how tough you can be but how smart. My latest column:  …
Historic week for AMERICA! USMCA enacted = 176,000 new jobs and an additional $68 billion in the U.S. economy China deal signed = ends years of unfair trading practices! $200b new exports! #PromisesMadePromisesKept ! TEAM @realDonaldTrump 
#China defends raising #Kashmir at the #UNSC! Spokesperson Geng Shuang says it was an attempt to de-escalate #IndoPak tensions. It was an act of “goodwill” Maintains that the matter was discussed and members expressed concern on the current situation. @MFA_China 
Cute alert! 20 panda cubs pose to greet Chinese New Year at a breeding base in Chengdu, SW China  
So @CFR_org just put out a new special report, "Implementing Grand Strategy Toward China." I'm still marching through this 22-line item work plan, but I'll admit I skipped straight to the portion nearest my heart (#9 Indo-Pacific defense) and I am concerned.
Rainbow chicks" are very popular and sold as  toy in Indonesia, Thailand, China, Iran, Pakistan, India, and many more countries.⁣⁠ How much joy can something/someone bring to us if someone got enslaved and exploited against their will?⁣⁠ 
I want to thank the teenagers for their love. I will continue to work hard to bring more positive energy to young people. Thank you. - #ShenYue, Most Popular Actress Among Teenagers in "Like China" 2020 TV Arts and Literature Pioneer List of Stars Gala 
[Recap] New Hong Kong protester ‘Pillar of Shame’ sculpture to be erected outside Danish Parliament  … #HongKong #China #PillarofShame #HongKongProtest #antiELABhk 
Will tweet Link of my Exclusive I/V with #Maldives Foreign Min @abdulla_shahid soon where he also denied any differences between President @ibusolih & Speaker @MohamedNasheed on approach vis a vis #China. The Min hoped @maldivescricket team would soon defeat the Indian side!  …
A second person has died from a new coronavirus that has caused an outbreak of pneumonia in central China, health authorities say. 
Why Trump caved on China  …
China's GDP per capita just passed $10,000, but what does this mean? more:  
China’s $7.6 trillion online payments market is no longer enough for Jack Ma’s Ant Financial  
China’s economic growth cooled to its weakest in nearly 30 years in 2019 amid a bruising trade war with the United States  
The General Administration of Customs of #China included  "Friendship of Peoples", that is a leader in the production of poultry meat in #Crimea, to the official list of #Russian suppliers of poultry on #Chinese 
The cost of Trump’s China strategy continues to grow. Despite the deal, the bulk of trade issues remain unresolved. The tariffs are mostly still on. His next steps are unclear. He has yet to show the benefits are worth it. The @NYTimes Editorial  …
Compare yesterday Nancy signing Trump signing China #MAGA Below thread Day after “Impeachment” Nancy signs #MAGA deals This is what a military operation planned years in advance looks like 
It’s Friday, so the angry inch will tweet several times about the economy, the China deal, perfect call, do nothing Democrat’s, where’s Hunter and so on.. anything not to acknowledge Lev Parnas and all Trump corruption. TGIF
A lantern fair was held to greet the  #SpringFestival in Weifang city, East China's Shandong province. 
Trump’s China deal: -China agrees to buy $50B of ag products this year. -That's a gain of $29B from before Trump tariffs. -Trump tariffs have cost U.S. farmers $11B. -U.S. taxpayers have spent $28B on emergency payouts to farmers. -So loss to U.S. is $39B. You do the math.  …
Genomic machine learning by @CVRinfo and @IBAHCM supports the suspected bat origin of the novel Wuhan coronavirus, but cannot rule out intermediate hosts. See  … for algorithm details. Thanks to Fudan University, CDC China and @virological_org for the 
Nepal will give India 173,072 Kgs of red sandalwood that it confiscated during last 10 years while being smuggled to China from India through the Nepalese territory, media reports said.
Today on “The Intelligence”: why housing has  so expensive, a curiously tolerated folk religion in China and drinking’s decline a century after Prohibition 
Carpio blasts China Coast Guard goodwill visit as another ship loiters Ayungin 
Africa's total trade with China averages $200bn a year -- about 0.039% of China's global trade balance. So, as @eolander reminds us in his excellent guide, #China cares about Africa for other reasons than   …
"I Haven't Seen My Brother In Three Years" Testimony: #Uyghur Muslim woman hasn't seen her brother in three years! He's been sent to a Chinese concentration camp. #China #Uyghurs #Chinazi 
A real honor to receive two awards tonight at the #GoldenV awards. Best #VR Device and Most Influential Person in #China VR. 
LIVE NOW: Steve Bannon joins @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness @MorningsMaria Bannon: President @realDonaldTrump is putting China on notice to the world 
China’s easing measures in the past two years were only about half those of 2015 and 2016, despite growth slowdowns of similar magnitudes: GS analysis. This isn’t deleveraging, but it’s a sign on relative moderation.  …
Some Chinese ambassadors threaten European countries of they refuse to buy from China (such as Huawei's 5G) and some Chinese ambassadors threaten European countries if they refuse to sell to China (eg ASML in the Netherlands)  …
 in #CatholicHerald on the incident of pro-Hong Kong crosses vandalized by Chinese tourists at the Lithuanian #HillofCrosses pilgrimage site & why we need to stand up to China for religious freedom. #StandWithHongKong 
How can you have "free trade" with  economy like #China's?  …
#FridayThoughts: With continued reports of #ChristianPersecution in China, is it time for the #Vatican to act?  …
China's GDP grows 6.1% year on year in 2019, the fastest among economies with size of over 1 trln USD. The country is not deliberately pursuing particular GDP numbers, but is after reasonable economic growth with quality and efficiency: official  
SHEN YUE got the Award as "The most Popular Actress Among Teenagers in Stars Like China" 2020 TV Arts Pioneer Stars Ceremony. #ShenYue 
This footage of a frozen lake in China is mesmerizing 
Australian Uyghur citizen @SMusapir has not seen his Australian wife and child in three years. The CCP are holding them hostage. How is this not front page news? How is this not at the very crux of Australia’s relationship with China??
People seem very willing to forget that bending your rules to placate China only encourages Beijing to increase the pressure  …
Now China is threatening restrictions on German car imports. The world has discovered that it is easy to blackmail Germany and the EU because of their addiction to net exports. 
The Democratic Party is socialism. So is Venezuela, China, Cuba, North Korea, and Vietnam. Which of these countries would you like America to be most like?
Didn't used to be like this. Pre-2014, india used to be perceived as a diverse democratic republic that's going to be the next economic superpower. Now it's perceived like Russia or China but without economic growth and with frequent lynchings.
Russia’s Putin and China's Xi are the world's most powerful authoritarian leaders in decades. Now it looks like they want to hang on to those roles indefinitely, determined to restore former national glory after years of perceived humiliation by the West. 
Students, faculty go to China with the full knowledge and expectation that it's a touchy closed authoritarian government. 2020 onwards, India is most likely to be perceived the same. People will visit knowing it's like China. Internet shutdowns and insecure vindictive government.
What does allowing Wall Street to engage in profitable speculation abroad have to do with the needs of the American economy, and why should it be a condition in American trade negotiations with China? This only shows just  bankers dominate American foreign policy.  …
And obviously so. Until recently, when my students came asking for India advice, I'd happily give it to them. Now I'm gonna say, well, be warned. I don't want my students to be hounded by Shah's thugs and deported for expressing an opinion. So it'll be like China advice.
chanyeol: every lunar new year in korea, we eat rice cake.. how about in china? translator: *translate his question but no one answered* chanyeol: i see... 
Oil ends higher as US trade deals with Mexico, Canada and China boost demand prospects  …
China's birthrate in 2019 hit its lowest level since the founding of the People's Republic in 1949, according to official statistics released by Beijing Friday. 
No one should travel to #XiJinping's #China. You can be arrested for any reason or no reason. Unless you're a head of state or traveling with a diplomatic passport, it is not safe to be there.  …
According to reliable sources Shri @TajinderBagga upset with central leadership going to launch his own party Party Name :Tilaknagar China Party Party Symbol: Jhumka #DontCryBagga
CY: on lunar new year day, we eat Rice cakes. What do you guys eat in China? (Literally nobody answered ) CY: Ah, I see #CHANYEOL #8시_찬열이와_게임방송 
WATCH: Trump Signs Phase One Of ‘Historic Trade Deal’ With China 
Nancy Pelosi... Spends $5,000 of our taxes  pens to celebrate the only thing  by the entire Democrat Party in 3 yrs... A false charge against President Trump... All while he was signing a HISTORIC $200bil trade deal with China using a $2 Sharpie..!  …
China's first total hip replacement surgery assisted by a domestic robot  at the Beijing Jishuitan Hospital 
You have to give it to Ozil. He’s been persistently unapologetic in a place that bullies him, from being hounded after the photo ops with Erdogan to his remark on China’s persecution of Muslims. That’s made a difference in a world where those who ought to speak out, are silent.  …
China's birthrate hits lowest level since country was founded in 1949  
[ Info ] #Taehyung's Chinese fanbase Vbar is currently ranking at #1 in the Song sales chart of #BlackSwan (First BTS single from MOTS:7) on China's largest Music site Netease Cloud Music (网易云音乐). Congratulations!!! #BlackSwanOutNow #BTSV #Taehyung 
Jose Semedo on Ronaldo "We were arriving from China and the pilot announced that we would arrive in 1h and I started imagining myself on his SPA at his home relaxing only to arrive and him inviting me to go for a run at 2:30AM, I couldn't say no. He is unbelievable." 
Good morning Wonderful Defenders of the Right46 billion in additional tax revenue, $804  $305 windfall wealth/personThat’s what the new China deal provides for We the PeopleWhat have the Dims done for us latelyTrump 2020Cheers and have great day
Do we just ignore the fact he‘s been in China for 3 years or what? Or the fact that Jose trusted in him so much he was willing to kick KDB out and Oscar more than let us down with being nothing but average except for a few screamers along the way? People be desperate...  …
After a few hours, new releases from @Eminem and @BTS_twt are taking China by storm! Their pure sales: @BTS_twt - Black Swan (single): 112,421 @Eminem - Music To Be Murdered By (album): 42,727 We will keep you updated so stay 
I give you Aung San Suu Kyi, Nobel Peace prize winner & lackey for Beijing in the Indian Ocean. China wants a naval base in Myanmar cc @thespybrief @LouiseMensch @ericgarland  …
China must stop using its position in UN Security Council to shield Myanmar’s senior generals from accountability. This has only emboldened the military’s relentless campaign of human rights violations & war crimes against ethnic minorities across country.  …
At 3pm 74 years ago today, the Security Council met for the first time at Church House in London. The first 11 members were Australia, Brazil, China, Egypt, France, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, USSR, UK and US. 
Himalayan Monal Large (70cm) shimmering purple, green and cinnamon pheasant with a black belly and long green crest. This photo was shot in Tibet, China, in February 2019. #birding #BirdsofPray #birdwatching #birdphotography #birds 
Indian Army under #GenNaravane is correcting history – shifting focus from Pakistan to China. Remember that #China is a bigger challenge and threat than #Pakistan. I write in my column  …
Anger in China after it was revealed only fraction of money donated to malnourished student reached her before her death 
Indian Govt is following the Chinese template when  to economics. The way Modi Govt has dealt with Malaysia, Jeff Bezos and Pramila Jayapal....seems to be the new normal now. What's amazing - Liberals are fine when China does it but India should not follow that example
Anyone has any idea who is this guy who stole Vice Premier of #China Liu He's pen during the Phase 1 Trade Deal signing ceremony? Source: The White House Youtube channel  
What about the price of eggs in China? Try responding to what I actually tweeted.
Morning Note: -More equity market record highs -Alphabet joins trillion dollar club -China's economy shows strength 
Congrats in order to Iran, Saudi Arabia and China. You must be so proud.  …
How do local villagers make Spring Festival delicacies in east China's Zhejiang? Feast your eyes on these goodies! 
Another successful prosecution. Gloucestershire antiques dealer convicted of illegally trading in #Elephant #Ivory and shipping it out to China. Thanks to colleagues in the #CITES team at @UKBorder and @GlosPol_Rural - great partnership  …
#China industrial production grew 6.9% YoY in December, strong improvement in the last two months. 
taehyung stans carrying bts behind their back in china pleaseee they bought more copies than all of them COMBINED 
An investigation by Hong Kong’s police watchdog into the conduct of the city’s officers revealed “many  according to a 
Ever since I studied a semester abroad in China, I always look forward  back for a visit. Thanks to our Greater #China team for such a memorable week – and thanks for having me at our FKOM & S-KOM in Macao. See you soon! 
China has created “an Orwellian high-tech surveillance state” at home and is using its growing economic power to silence critics abroad, according to the head of Human Rights Watch.  …
Ministry of Health & Family Welfare: Witnessing outbreak of Novel Corona Virus (nCoV) in China, the Health Ministry is monitoring the situation in India in collaboration with WHO.
Doesn't the UK look fun? Cultural enrichment at its finest. Since liberals say all cultures are equal and we HAVE to accept them... what about cultures that fight animals for fun(PETA)? How about cultures that pollute like India/China? Ones that kill endangered species for sport? 
#China Alleged promotional video produced by Anhui CCP Provincial Committee for the 2020 Chinese New Year. It's copycat, poorly made and bad taste. 100% cringeworthy and takes a lot of courage to watch the whole clip. 
China’s factories are beginning to hum again. Its consumers are opening their wallets. Its trade tensions with the United States are easing. But the Chinese economy still faces a difficult addiction to borrowing. 
Hopefully, Imran Khan  That'll also be the wish of Russia & China. China raising Kashmir at UN SC is a reality check. On the other hand, with J&K situation far from stabilising in almost 6 months of lockdown, rethink needed on India's part too.  …
CHINA: GDP growth for  in at 6%, the weakest rate in 29 years.
Hong Kong gov’t blocks efforts by pro-democracy district councillors to hold Lunar New Year fairs  … #HongKong @krislc @demosisto #china
BRAVO #FDI Reaches A 30 Month High In December 2019. $487 million dollars in just one month. Total #FDI $1.34 billion in the 1st 6 months of fiscal year 2019-20. Countries that invested in #Pakistan are China. UK. Hungary. Japan. South Korea. Malta. Netherlands & Hong Kong
What happened to an overworked doctor at a hospital in China 
China's Great Wall agrees to buy General Motors' India plant: sources  
China 2019 crude steel output jumps 8.3%, sets second straight annual record  
China coal output reaches new record in 2019. Coal production growth doubled the global average. China coal production is now higher than the following eight largest  
China fails in its bid to rake up General Naravane's remark on PoK at UNSC. China also brought up Pakistan's claims of forward deployment of BrahMos missiles & removal of LoC fence but faced rejection from other UNSC member-states.  …
China says NGO chief barred from entering Hong Kong is 'paying price' for inciting protests  …
In first six months of the current fiscal year, the foreign investment soared 68% to $1.34  to $796.8 million in the same period of last fiscal year China leads as FDI in Pakistan soars to 30-month high at $487m  …
One week before the Lunar New Year, #China released prominent feminist and independent journalist Huang Xue-qin, after she was detained and forced into disappearance three months ago.  …
I did know that the distribution of delphinium was world wide. It ranges from California to Tibet and China, crossing the Alps and moving eastwards into Russia, Persia, Kashmir, Sikkum; wandering up into the foothills of Himalaya and down into Abyssinia and Kenya. 
Irony is the Chinese FM saying: China would always respect Sri Lanka’s sovereignty and not allow any “outside interference” in its internal affairs. Maybe China already thinks of itself as a part of Sri Lanka's internal affairs?  …
is it a bird? is it a plane? nope, it's Jackson Wang from China #jacksonwang #got7 #王嘉爾 #잭슨 #王嘉尔 #TEAMWANG #JACKY @JacksonWang852 
Government schools in Queensland will be supplied Milk from a   tendered but China won tender. Don't mention Aldi bags ...ok
BET YOU DIDN'T KNOW (Because the NYT didn't print it) Trump's China deal will generate an additional  which is $804 per person in America. Estimated financial windfall per person is $350 additional  per person.
Japan has confirmed its first case of the new coronavirus, a SARS-like germ that first appeared in Wuhan, China. More @business:  #新型肺炎 #コロナウイルス 
New edition of bibliography on China's persecution of Muslims, cultural destruction, and concentration camps in #Xinjiang has 841 pages of references, up from 403 pages in March 2019. The world knows, but can it act  …
China espionage allegations against Eutop managing director"sending shockwaves through Brussels’ closely interlinked circles of lobbyists, officials & politicians", @laurenscerulus & @HankeVela report. Should be a wake-up call to clean up lobbying  …
TRUMP'S CHINA TRADE DEAL will generate $46 billion in additional tax revenue at the Federal and state levels by 2021.
Absolutely true and the China-Pakistan Axis will only get more militarily aggressive unless countered. "Indian Navy Chief Admiral Karambir Singh said “China’s Belt and Road Initiative and the China–Pakistan Economic Corridor impinge on our sovereignty.” 
200117 17:50 KST Jay Park #박재범 was on Insta Live - Jay mentioned lots of work on planning tour for  artists - big announcement for China (soon) - he’s asking if he should cut/shaved his hair 
The agreement on a mutual visa exemption between China and Armenia will officially take effect on Jan 19, 2020. Armenia will  the 15th country to enjoy a mutual visa-free agreement with China. 
Wo .. great news .. @ZeeStudios_ great show ... next China ... @KanganaTeam @shariqpatel @prasoonjoshi_ @Shankar_Live @punitgoenka @anky1912  …
fireworks are from china mate
“The No. 1 reason China has made such stark progress in geopolitical terms is that its rival just endured a bad decade by virtually every measure. While China takes more steps forward than backward, the United States is moving slowly in reverse.”  …
Latest political economy edition of @syllabus_tweets -Japan as developmental state -Financialization & solidarity -Universal Credit as disciplinary welfare -Politics of public debt -China's "entrpreneurial welfare state" as industrial policy in disguise  …
President Xi Jinping has demanded efforts to build China into a country with greater peace and heightened rule of law in a recent instruction on the country's political and legal work. 
Hey, I thought EV sales in China were slowing? I guess they were all waiting for Teslas... $TSLA $TSLAQ Watch this rise even more in   …
Health Ministry issues advisory to travellers visiting #China in view of #CoronaVirus 
"We can assume, as a good friend, [China]  to us to support us morally.” Xi visits Myanmar this week rehashing an old playbook: defend politically isolated human rights abusers, and then cash in on strategic gains. Story w/  …
November 1942, China. Bit young, isn't it? (Looks like fun, though. ) #WW2 
Xi meets Suu Kyi: China embraces Myanmar as Western nations pull back 
Panda cubs born in 2019 play next Lunar New Year decorations at the Wolong National Nature Reserve in China's Sichuan province. The Year of the Rat begins on January 25 
Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No... it's a man wearing a wingsuit flying through China's Heaven's Gate 
Chinese health authorities say a second person has died from a new coronavirus that has caused an outbreak of pneumonia in central China, @yananw 
The real Duterte legacy is impunity, misogyny, the collapse of institutions, the breakdown of the rule of law, the loss of our territory and independence to China, and the death of thousands of Filipinos in his drug war. Are these in the exhibit?
This is one of the smartest takes on China I've read in a long time--and concise at that. @DLeonhardt shows the real changes in China but doesn't exaggerate its strengths, and shows how the US is partly shooting itself in the foot.  …
#USMCA will harm family farmers. If you don’t believe that, think back on the lies told by backers of NAFTA, MFN for China and all the other bad deals. The same people who lied to farmers before are saying this is a great deal. It is NOT a great deal.  …
China's economy slumps to 6.1 per cent in 2019; lowest in 29 years
Novel #coronavirus outbreak in #China: Travel Advisory to travelers visiting China. @PMOIndia @drharshvardhan @AshwiniKChoubey @PIB_India @NITIAayog @MoCA_GoI 
China's enormous FAST radio telescope--the largest single antenna in the world--has begun full scientific operations, after a highly productive three-year test run.  
The top 3 countries with the most wealth in Africa are: 1. Egypt: $0.9T 2. South Africa: $0.77T 3. Nigeria: $0.44T The top 3 countries with the most wealth in the world are: 1. United States: $105.99T 2. China: $63.83T 3. Japan: $24.99T Source:  
Statement from Maleny Dairies on the occasion of the Qld Govt choosing China to provide milk to local hosp...  …
China Charmeleon - Midnight Rain available now! DJ Feedback Jimpster - Liking the jazzy vibes on Spoil My Night. Nice fat production as always with the Stay True releases! Vinny Da Vinci - LOVELY EP!!! @CharmeleonChina Buy 
Instant View: China's economic growth slows to 6.1% in 2019, near 30-year low  
Second person dies from mystery Wuhan virus in China  
China’s birthrate sank to the lowest level on record last year 
The U.S., Japan and South Korea may invest in Indonesia islands near the South China Sea 
A new strain of coronavirus has been discovered in China — and now cases have been identified in Thailand and Japan, from travelers who  from the central city of Wuhan. Here's what you should know about the outbreak 
China GDP grew slowest in three decades 
India’s flag flying high at UN: @AkbaruddinIndia China’s attempt failed for the third time since the revocation of Article 370 on August 5 2019. Akbaruddin said that he was happy with the  Read more:  
POTUS is harassed by CNN, ABC, MSNBC w/fake news over a crazy Obama lunatic SOS who colluded with the Russians, Saudis, China, Ukraine funneling money in/out of the Clinton Foundation, breaking security protocols & gets away with it while POTUS did no wrong & being impeached? 
Trump adds 250 billion to the U.S. economy with his life-changing (and promised) China Trade Deal... and Twitter buries the news. Eminem drops a new album titled: "Music to be murdered by" and Twitter trends it to #1. If it weren't for conservatives, liberals would destroy us.
I feel like God took His time to create each person differently, Then He got bored when he got to China. Photocopy ni gbo gbo won if a Chinese man picks your wallet and runs into the crowd it's over just go home .
After Manusplaning Raju and Brian Stelter cried about being CNN being called liberal hacks, it is once again time to remind everybody that journalists are the most oppressed people in the world. The most oppressed. There is no contest. China and Iran residents pale 
Difference India & China 
Russian Ambassador to India, Nikolay Kudashev on #Russia's position on the closed-door meeting on #Kashmir, called by China, in #UNSC: As far as the discussions within UNSC is concerned, we have never been in favour of bringing this issue into the United Nations agenda.
$VW continues to  to EVs & the necessary battery supply chain. China remains a key market for them. Exclusive: Volkswagen to buy 20% of Chinese battery maker Guoxuan amid electric push - sources | Article [AMP] | Reuters  …
Health officials in Thailand said they had found a second case of the mysterious pneumonialike coronavirus that has left two people dead and at least 40 sick in China 
Vladimir Putin may be looking enviously at China, where his ally Xi Jinping achieved a power grab with apparent ease. Putin, on the other hand, is already facing speculation as to just how he will achieve his latest reshuffling. | Analysis by 
Lisa putting her back into these jobs she’s been booked for from China to Paris to Italy 
Human rights violations and treatment of Muslim Uighurs and Rohingya are issues that China and Myanmar are criticised for. Deputy Asia Director of HRW Phil Robertson tells more 
Hong Kong student who helped found volunteer protest medic group arrested in China, classmates say  … via @hongkongfp
Everyone just summons African leaders and they go running like a herd of cattle: UK-Africa Investment Summit US-Africa Business Summit China-Africa Cooperation Summit French-Africa Business Summit German-Africa Business Summit Russia-Africa Summit Canada-Africa Business Summit
The trade war with China is far from over. Here's what the US-China phase one deal means for trade relations.  
Well, as it turns out, China slapped @edmnangagwa in the face and refused to give him the bail out he so desperately needs. China, Britain, the US & EU are not being hostile. They're sick and tired of your corruption and rogue behaviour. Chinjai Maitiro.  
China, which wants India to join BRI, has, once again, openly shown close ties with Pak. This has ramifications at a time when realignments are happening in Asia Pacific geopolitics. Pak firmly with China & Russia - adds heft to it’s profile. And, this is why IK should attend SCO  …
China’s “low” 6.1% growth rate is $830 billion of GDP added. That’s 30% of India’s GDP. China is adding one India to its economy every 3 years. At our current growth rate, we will reach where China is today, in 2056.  …
China's CO2 emissions trend definitely didn't get better on the last quarter. Decemver pig iron output +6% on year, cement +7%, other metals +5%. Power demand moderate at +3.5% but thermal power +4% due to fall in hydro&weak wind generation. Total coal&coke output cooled to +2%.
Now we know why Trump kept the China trade agreement under wraps until it was signed. It’s no better than what we had before; and in fact worse, because we all will end up continually paying more for products because most tariffs will be “semi-permanent.”  …
The Giant Baby Xi of Chinese Communist Party: - Spoilt by his flattering lackeys - Oppressing all dissidents in #China & #HongKong, & minorities like #Uyghur & #Tibetan - Censoring righteous voices - Crying when receiving punishment from the US trade deal (Credit: . 
No country will bail out Zimbabwe until we transform our way of doing politics and business. ED, disrespecting property rights, corruption, state capture, machete violence, monetary instability & policy confusion have destroyed us. Even China is done.  …
#China's economy slumps to 6.1% growth in 2019; lowest 29yrs. 
The U.S. Senate passed the long-awaited U.S.-Mexico-Canada trade deal with an overwhelming 89-10 vote, a day after President Donald Trump signed a Phase 1 trade deal with China  
Brilliant Show Also Explain: 1. #Bill Clinton Sold Long Beach Naval Base to China. 2. #Hillary SetUp illegal server in bathroom & China GOT Access to America’s State Dept. Real Time. 3. #FBI #Comey Covered it Up & -Concealed Intel & Destroyed  …
China to curb farming near rivers in push to reverse water pollution - official  
The number of babies born in China last year was the lowest since 1961, exacerbating a looming crisis that threatens the country’s economy 
“We are all only children, and to be honest, a little selfish,” said a 28 y/o woman in Beijing. “How can I raise a child when I’m still a child myself?” Births in China Fall to Lowest Level in Nearly Six Decades 
Opinion: Why Trump caved on China 
Hi Twitter, My sister just moved back from China last December and has decided to hang around Lagos for a bit. If you know/have any roles/positions/jobs that require a fluent (can write too) Mandarin speaker with background in Management (Imperial College, London), please DM me.
Last week the largest synagogue in the Middle East was reopened in Egypt. The event made headlines from the United Kingdom to China — but most publications failed to mention that only 3 Jews were in attendance.  …
High tech nationalization in China: of 165  that changed ownership in 2019, 44 were acquired by state-owned or government-run  Many were involved in highly strategic fields like surveillance and information systems.  …
China Reports its Weakest Annual Growth in 29 years Beijing has signed a "phase one" trade deal with U.S Whether you like or dislike Trump, give him credit for putting China in check. Indeed, the slogan "America First" is no fluke
A 2nd person has died after being infected with the new SARS-like virus. Called the 2019-nCoV virus, it's caused dozens of pneumonia cases where it started in Wuhan, China, and emerged in Japan and Thailand. More @business:  #新型肺炎 #武漢 
Australia belongs to China...CHANGE MY MIND!
Global stocks continue rally following record handover from Wall St and as China’s GDP not as bad as some investors had feared. China grew 6.1% YoY, slowest pace of expansion in 29yrs. Bonds lower w/US 10y yield at 1.83%. Gold inches higher to $1555. Bitcoin jumps to almost $9k. 
Hong Kong student who helped found volunteer protest medic group arrested in China, classmates say  … via @hongkongfp
Chinese are smiling. Their patient chess game with Zim(Chin)Babwe is paying off handsomely. - Zimbabwe indebted financially to China - Infrastructure built by China - Mineral resources belongs to China - New currency will be the Yuan And the Zimbabweans are thankful to China.
Before you delusional fuckwits fantasize about invading and annexing Chinese territory, keep in mind that China doesn’t serve tea to its invaders.   …
With China confirming slowdown in 2019 and the predictable moaning reaction, let's remember this chart. China's contribution to world GDP remains broadly stable. In other words, China growing at 6% contributes to global growth as much as China growing at 10% a decade ago.  …
Auto sales across China are falling But Tesla sales are rising Imagine what happens when auto sales are rising
US #cruiser #SHILOH CG67 made a northbound #Taiwan Strait transit Thurs 16 Jan, 1st US #Navy or allied transit of 2020. A US or allied warship makes the passage roughly once a month. Photo shows SHI in E #China Sea in Nov 19 w/ Chinese destroyer shadow  
#Pakistan 's Foreign Direct Investment #FDI saw an increase of US $287mn to US $487mn in the month of December. On yearly basis FDI inflated by 53%. #China turned out to be the top investor followed by #HongKong , #Japan , Malta & Korea 
No bailout: China tells Zim govt - The Zimbabwe Independent  … The Era for Handouts and donations is Over @zanupf_patriots @nickmangwana
Slowdown? Where? #China’s Oil Info: 2019 vs 2018 -Apparent oil consumption 5.2% -Oil production 0.8% ( Dec 1.9%) -Imports 9.5% - Refining runs 7.6% (Dec 13.6%) -China is the largest import of oil and LNG in the world 
Is Trump anti-trade? NAFTA replaced by USMCA. First China deal signed. Senate passes USMCA bill, giving Trump a win on trade  … via @RollCall
Three of the world's ten fastest-growing urban areas are in India, with another three in China  
#China's #GDP grew 6.1% in 2019, the weakest growth in 29 years. However, many believe economic data for Q4 shows that Beijing's stimulus measures  into play and the economy has bottomed  …
Tesla new car registrations climbed again in China despite a slowdown in the wider auto market 
Russian Envoy on China's attempt to raise Kashmir issue at UNSC: Strictly bilateral matter between India, Pak
