Tsai Ing-wen's victory will infuriate China. It has long wanted to impose the same "one country, two systems" idea in Taiwan as it has in Hong Kong 
From live harvesting of organs, to forced labor camps & reprogramming, the Chinese government  atrocious human rights violations. This is atrocious and abhorrent. I am abstaining from buying products made in China as much as I possibly can.  …
For this reason China has managed to grow so much in recent years surpassing the USA. If you keep the US platforms away from your country, then you will not have propaganda that destabilizes and destroys your nation. The USA is desperate trying to control other nations.  …
China is taking her lumps. Enduring HK protests. Other nations stiffening toward Coast Guard intrusions. Smack down in Taiwan. Global objection to concentration camps. US build-up in Pacific. Even the PH is holding firm on joint deals. China is not the boss of the world, eh?
Short, powerfully written account of a Hui woman sent to one of China’s Xinjiang internment camps, and the effects on her life since. By the amazing  …
“Beijing's rigid, authoritarian vision of a Greater China, united on its terms, has been wholeheartedly rejected in the one place actually given the opportunity to vote on the concept.” Twice in the last four years.  …
Putting aside that the US military are not guns for hire, I recall South Korea balked at Trump’s up-charge and did a deal with China. I have no doubt Saudi Arabia is paying but into whose bank account wasthe billion dollars deposited?  …
Anime creators do, in fact, care what American fans (and foreign fans more generally) think about their media. North America is their largest overseas market along with China, such that they've made sequels/films to anime that tanked in Japan but did well here.  …
China reports first death from outbreak of mystery virus. 
The @washingtonpost raises the issue of China's suppression of Islam and asks a legitimate question: Should China be allowed to host the 2022 Winter Olympics in one city while running concentration camps in  …
Since the  Party banned Islam, the Idhkah mosque ( largest in East #Turkistan ) in #Kashgar has been turned into a tourist attraction.The video below depicts a group of Chinese waving #China’s flag and urging people to “love China” and “love the nation.” 
Never goes after China. Why is That?  …
Wisconsin lost 818 dairies in 2019 as farmers across the country suffer from Donald Trump's trade war with China.  …
Red Alert Ripple has infiltrated China SEC integrating Blockchain Tech (ripple) Bitcoins leader is really a clown Ripple tweets bullish testosterone & get ready for  You can feel it in the air, XRP is about to take control #XRPatriots | #XRP
The Stone Forest is located in Shilin County, 120KM southeast to Kunming, Yunnan Province of China. According to geologists Stone Forest is a typical example of karsts topography. It formed approximately 270 million years ago. It is one of the most important attractions of Yunnan 
Yucha Grand Canyon is located in Yucha Village, Ganquan County of Shaanxi Province, China. It is one of the natural wonders of the Loess Plateau and famous for unique geological beauty. Rain over millions of years has sculpted its red sandstone into various textures and shapes. 
The Namtso is a mountain lake at the border between Damxung County and Baingoin County in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China, approximately 112 km NW of Lhasa. The lake lies at an elevation of 4,718 m, and has an area of 1,920 square km. Namutso is the highest lake in the world 
The University of Nottingham in China is offering full tuition scholarship worth $16,000. This scholarship is an entrance scholarship only and will cover 100% of the first year of undergraduate tuition fee. Nigerians can apply. Deadline is May 31st 2020  …
The authors wrongly suggest that Indonesia and China have shared boundaries. Unlike with Vietnam and Malaysia, the distance between Indonesia and China is more than 400 Nm from their respective baselines. How and where the line will be drawn?  … via @501awani
It is super disturbing how people in the US only look to domestic media sources for information about global events, and have no problem with those sources being blocked here. This is not much different from what people criticize China for, the only difference is the scale.
Casey J said "you think im lyin? I put that on everything--MADE IN CHINA"
"Ill light her whole shit up like Australia - this WILD FIRE" - @babyjanissa Its over. its done. call the coroner now Casey just said, "I put that on everything ... made in China!" Body of the night. It cant get worse than this. She STILL GOING #ROYALTY
"New York lost probably lost $150 million in dairy exports because of the tariff situation worldwide and what we're seeing with China is only [going to] make that situation worse," said Steve Ammerman, New York Farm Bureau. Aug, 2019.
350M tons of CO2 released into the atmosphere from #AustraliaFires, or 2/3s of our annual emissions, and Scott Morrison had the hide to use the China excuse with David Speers this morning. He needs to be reminded of this fact over and over, again.  …
Here's How China Is Fighting Its New #coronavirus Outbreak. Researchers sequenced the new coronavirus's genome from a patient's samples & matched it to 14 other people in the outbreak. The cases appear to be linked to a seafood market in  …
Tsai’s Presidential campaign fight was also a fight against China’s dictatorship. Her landslide win is also a victory for TW’s citizens, representing a choice between dictatorship vs democracy, barbaric rule vs civilized society . 1/  …
It’s tradition in  in China to play on a swing to greet the New Year. Shangyanghua village in Zhouzhi county, Shaanxi province, is no different. This tradition has a history of 700 years, where people pray for health and wealth. 
There is a big push by the elites to destroy Alberta. Otherwise, she’d be going after the really high emitters, like China and India. #WEXIT #albertaseparation  …
The Republic of China (on #Taiwan) is a rock-solid democracy, and #StVincentAndTheGrenadines is proud to count Taipei among its friends and close allies. I wish President @iingwen well for her second term. @TW_StVinGren @MOFA_Taiwan  …
Seriously?? That's all they have... Didn't y'all hear, the fires are arson, the artic is always melting & refreezing & we have dropped our emissions while China & India have INCREASED emissions!! FU CNN!!!!  …
So proud to have been a part of this. Thank you @tim_cook @Apple #zhouxun @lawrencesher @mpvenetis Happy CNY to all our friends and family in China! May your New Year be filled with love, peace, prosperity and forgiveness. Shot on iPhone 11 Pro, “Daughter” 
Also once more please fucking stop putting great text walls of china on your leftist memes
This grocery  to you! #NRF2020 #China 
Lithuania does 5 times as much trade with neighboring Latvia as it does with China, thus the world’s 2nd-largest economy has little economic leverage over the Baltic state. In Feb 2019, the country’s State Sec Dept deemed China a threat & seriously considers cutting ties.
Dr. Vo Xuan Vinh of the Institute for Southeast Asian Studies at the Vietnam Academy of Social Sciences said, “It is unlikely that ASEAN and China could conclude a COC as scheduled (2021).” “If they do, “ Vo said, “the COC is not meaningful.” Bingo.  …
The China-Africa Friendship Program is a fully funded scholarship established to attract outstanding international students from African Countries for a six months general health studies in China. Nigerians can apply. Deadline is April 30th 2020.  …
It is so cold in North China during the winter, but Sanya in Hainan Province is warm and sunny. The location between 180°9′ and 18°37′ latitude gives it the tropical monsoon climate. This coastal city has many natural advantages to host many tourists away from the winter. 
Report: China should consider Belt and Road Initiative via Kolkata, Mumbai ports instead of PoK, says Subramanian Swamy (  …
Social engineering doesn’t work—China and India now have a major shortage of females. That’s due to the abortion of so many females in the womb. You will reap what you sow.
Among other things, @WesleyByler, Prez #Trump in Ohio talked about a signing after Jan 15, Kudlow said he won't release the text of agreement, and an insider told me the two sides in fact have not agreed on everything. This may not be a done deal. #China  …
#SoundCityMVP2020 did African China just call @burnaboy boy a 
Lucky us, USA, USA, USA; Mexico is buying us a wall, Saudi Arabia and South Korea is underwriting our defense budget, and China is paying for our farm economy! Rumors are that Liechtenstein will adopt miles 278 to 281 just outside DC. #resist 
Academic institutions must grapple with the question of when engagement with China  @BethanyAllenEbr 
Let me make an early call: The FCC "solution" to SIM swapping will be requiring real name registration of SIM cards China and India style, making it impossible to have phone service in the US anonymously. It won't actually solve the problem, but will reduce privacy.
China please release him and send him back to us.. We forgive you.. Take Scott Morrison instead! Ffs! 
China is building hundreds of new coal fired power plants, but greens want you to give up your car, plane travel, meat, money and freedom. Stop for a moment and think how evil and dangerous these people are.
#AmazingChina: This is #Xinjiang, China, in the heart of Eurasia, the furthest of any land from the sea on the planet. With warmer temperatures in April, apricot flowers can't wait to bloom, declaring the opening of the flower season in the Ili Kazakh autonomous prefecture. 
The mind reels. What next? Will it be "China pays our military to help them imprison Uighurs"? How about "India retains our Army to suppress Muslims in Kashmir"? "We get an extra $10k for each war crime   …
"Every time Taiwan succeeds in its own election, people in China pay attention and ask themselves questions, why they can’t have those same privileges and rights?" - Randall Schriver, former Top Asia Official at Pentagon  …
Professor J.Alex Haldeman(Univ of MI) has been examining Voting machines since (2016) learned parts are made in China & Russia, which means either c/d try to make sure TRUMP doesn't win In the past, Republicans w/d only worry about DemocRATs stealing the election NOT ANYMORE 
Oh my god I posted a pic of Shanghai's skyline to Instagram and said "China is a beautiful country filled with beautiful people" and a Taiwanese American who's a total stranger DM'ed me a 12 paragraph long rant about why China is evil. I don't want to be an influencer anymore.
Morrison: "Even if Australia closed shut down all its coal fired power stations China would emit basically the same volume in just a few days." Your emissions reduction policy is finding excuses for doing absolutely nothing? #Insiders #ClimateEmergency #ClimateChange
Imagine if China thought the Women’s March meant it was a good time to enact regime change in America
Hey guys, our brothers and sisters are being tortured in China, specifically speaking Uyghur, simply for their belief. It’s our duty to help aid not only our own but those who are suffering overall. I’m raising money for this emergency, link in my bio to donate. Thank you
The voters of Taiwan have sent a clear signal to Beijing by re-electing Tsai Ing-wen, a harsh critic of the authoritarian regime in China. 
Well put by @simonahac: “Australia is the 14th largest emitter out of 208 countires. If all countries with emissions under a “measly” 2% were lumped together we’d together be responsible for almost as much annual emissions as China and India put together  …
How I’m felling after catching @HoodHealer Pisces energy report. 
"We could close down every power generation facility in the country and those reductions would be taken up by China in about nine days," the PM tells @David_Speers on @abcnews (And before you go off - I'm just telling you what he said. I'm not endorsing the remark.)
Today @WHO received genetic sequences for the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) from Chinese authorities. I sincerely thank all the Chinese scientists and health workers who have been working around the clock, for  to keeping #China and the world safe. 
I have spoken yesterday with my brother, #China Minister of Health Ma Xiaowei. I appreciate  and work and the Chinese government’s leadership in global public health by sharing information on this novel #coronavirus (2019-nC0V) in a timely manner.
China releases genetic data on new coronavirus, now deadly  …. The nCoV in genetically 89% similar to the SARS-Cv.
Words of a young Taiwanese voter "Our economy doesn't necessarily need to rely on China. China is big, but the World is bigger. It's more important for us to choose a leader who can lead Taiwan in the World." #ThankyouTaiwan You give us confidence in #Taiwan & hope in the  …
WHO thanks the Chinese authorities for  to sharing information on the novel #coronavirus (2019-nC0V) as they continue intensive surveillance and follow-up measures, including environmental investigations in #China 
In recent years, illiberal nations like Russia and China have been joined by the United States, which also seems uninterested in upholding any international standard of human rights. 
Don’t forget USA China will sign trade deal on January 15 Will Vechain $VET be involved like in France China trade deal? I think so and I am prepared Vechain $VET to the moon  …
Mining Report Highlights China’s ASIC Manufacturing Improvements and Dominance  
Taiwan’s voters delivered a stinging rebuke of China’s rising authoritarianism on Saturday by re-electing President Tsai Ing-wen, who vowed to preserve the island’s sovereignty in the face of Beijing’s intensifying efforts to bring it under its control 
6. You've seen all those ISM vs S&P500 charts, but have you seen the S&P500 vs China PMI chart? h/t @Avonmehren $SPX 
President Trump has fought back against China for our farmers. His strong leadership, coupled with a booming U.S. economy, forced China to agree to fairness and access for our farmers. MORE  …
A man visits ice sculptures ahead of the Harbin International Ice and Snow Sculpture Festival in northern China. More photos of the week:  Aly 
In a major rebuke to China, Taiwan's President Tsai Ing-wen won the election by more than 2.6 million votes. Tsai held up Taiwan as a beacon of hope for protesters in Hong Kong and rejected Beijing's offer of a 'one country, two systems' model  
Taiwan president wins landslide victory in stark rebuke to China 
All a great CONgress CON JOB. He can still operate as normal up to 90 days and just informing them within 24-48 hours of decisions. No requirement for prior knowledge. Democrats w/ Trump-Russia, Kavanaugh, Impeachment, Iran, North Korea, China 
China harbors nearly 10% of all plant species and 14% of animals on Earth, and many of these are within wetland areas. Take a look @UNDPChina @theGEF efforts to protect these critical #biodiversity hotspots & valuable carbon sinks:  #WorldWetlandsDay
Prime example of an unsubstantiated fear piece. The assertion that China or NK would launch a nuclear attack against the US is beyond ridiculous. There is not going to be a nuclear war. Cc  …
China's  praises ad depicting same-sex couple  …
Ok, its now saturday, end of week &: 1-no word of empathy from WH to our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico after 2 earthquakes 2-china joining Russia in elections meddling in Taiwan 3-Iran shoots  airliner 4-GDP growth_USA-projected at less than 2% for 2020  …
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi has arrived in Zimbabwe & said that he is in the country to discuss how China & Zimbabwe can continue to enhance the mutual beneficial partnership in a more sustainable way. @InfoMinZW @HeraldZimbabwe 
A 61-year-old man has  the first person to die in China from a respiratory illness believed to be caused by a new virus from the same family as SARS, which claimed hundreds of lives more than a decade ago 
Promising development in HK, where “organizers are spearheading the biggest push to unionize the laissez-faire, ultra-capitalist finance mecca—where collective bargaining rights are not even recognized—since Britain handed the city back to China in 1997.”  …
If China were actually running concentration camps, then the entire West would have been waging a Trade War against it at the very least. If China is actually running concentration camps, then it just goes on to show the West isn't really horrified enough by Hitler.
Global Central Bank Put in one Chart: Central Banks around the world have pumped tons of liquidity into the markets to kill volatility. The People’s Bank of China has expanded its balance sheet the most in the past 15yrs. 
Warriors Marketing have asked Klay Thompson for some of his key contacts in China. Warriors looking to rush production of an Omari Spellman bobble head for a game in April. 
Absolutely right. But don't get your hopes up, Shuv. Ottawa continues to be entranced by Mainland China, no matter how badly it behaves toward Canada, nations of the South China/East China seas & its treatment of Hong Kong protesters & Uighur Muslim & Tibetan Bhuddhist minorities  …
Mysterious Virus Spreads In China, Over 40 People Infected  … 
Worrying state of our Alma mater, Makerere (Uganda’s ivory tower of academia)! Responding to “crisis of graduation gowns” &having to import them from China, the VC says “how &where he (contractor) makes them from is not our problem”! Goes on to contradict himself. Eeh 
It’s time that Minister @FP_Champagne congratulate the Taiwanese people today for a successful election, rejecting China’s influence campaigns. #cdnfp  …
More than 83 million #tourists from home and abroad visited Southern China's tropical island province of #Hainan in 2019, up nine percent year on 
Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen has won a second term, signalling strong voter support for her tough stance against China. 
Billions of dollars in scientific research funded by American taxpayers has been stolen by China right under our noses and the U.S. government has no plan to stop the ongoing theft of the highly valued intellectual property. READ: 
China criminally prosecutes business executives who knowingly &willfully produce products that harm people so they can make huge profits. Some have even been executed (a bit extreme). In the US we reward such people and send thoughts and prayers to families who bury their dead.
China's censors are turning their attention to the rest of the world. 
To celebrate 12 lunar days (aka 1 Earth year) on the far side of the Moon, China has released a trove of data & images from the Chang'e 4 mission.  
DID YOU KNOW? ==> WHAT IS a #SocialCreditScore ? Where is it used? In #China Should you care? YES !!!!!!!! If this gets implemented elsewhere, we're all f****ed forever. Read about it here:  … Including pix of #google eric S. in 
"The descendants of Ardashir and Yazdgard were absorbed insensibly within the Tang aristocracy" - @DrMichaelBonner on the final fading of the House of Sasan. I wonder if somewhere in China there might not be a claimant to the Sasanian Empire?
Really? Trump keeps getting played. What’s the worst thing that could happen? Apocalyptic Hellfire? China, Russia and Iran begin joint naval drills  …
[Recap] Taiwan election: Hong Kong election tourists join campaign rallies  … #HongKong #antiELABhk #antiELAB #HongKongProtest #China #Taiwan 
He advised on the Trump administration China deal that's scheduled to be inked on Wednesday. Sunday @FullMeasureNews @mikepillsbury tells what it means to us... in plain 
“Taiwan’s voters delivered a stinging rebuke of China’s rising authoritarianism on Saturday by re-electing President Tsai Ing-wen.” 
Academic institutions must grapple with the question of when engagement with China   …
Huge win for Tsai Ing-Wen in Taiwan. Her popularity was around 20% a year ago. Overwhelmingly a reaction to heavy handed China policy in Hong Kong. #Xi #Fail
"China’s attempts to suppress Uighur traditions start with the youngest. Children are separated from their parents—who are hauled off to faraway camps—and the kids are then subjected to intensive indoctrination at places such as the boarding school."  
Tsai-ing Weng isn't one to be pushed around by Xi Jinping Shortly before China detained the two Michaels, members of Tsai's government warned me that Canada needs to watch itself with China:  … #Taiwan2020
There are signs #China will back out of the Phase One #trade deal. If Beijing is in fact dithering--it's hard to tell what's going on-- #XiJinping could be having problems getting stakeholders on board. Is he having second thoughts? Is Beijing in disarray?
Sir\Ma’am , I’m from Kashmir. The situation is serious. People can’t earn their daily livelihood and so many young men have simply disappeared. Even China does not switch of the internet, why does India. It’s hiding something from the world ...
[] 20.1.12 YG China Trainee Full Name: Wang Siyu English Name: Jane Birthday: 8/16/1999 Possible Position: Vocal or Rap ©abcdefggyg #YGNGG #YGNEWGIRLGROUP #RUBYGIRLZ #루비걸즈 #WANGSIYU #JANE #王思予 
A new coronavirus may be the cause of a pneumonia outbreak being investigated in China. CDC is closely monitoring the situation & has stood up emergency response system in case it’s needed. Learn more: 
With more viral sequences from #Wuhan available or soon to be available the global   to appropriate acknowledgment & credit for the teams across China & beyond who have generated the information & who have now shared it with the world. Simple.
China calls them ‘kindness students.’ They’re actually victims of cultural genocide — The eradication of Uighurs’ culture and language is taking place every day in concentration camps in western China, to wipe out their mind-set  …
It is raining again in Gwadar. This is the 3rd rain in 2020. Since the launch of CPEC,  have started large-scale of tree planting in port area. The action is gradually taking effects. China's efforts to support #plant4Pakistan will not 
Nearly two years into an era of growing confrontation, China and the United States are moving toward a separation that is less economic than political and psychological. 
Here’s a reminder that Joe Biden doesn’t view China as a serious threat to the United States. Maybe you’ve spent a little too much time with Xi, Joe.  …
Taiwan president wins landslide victory in stark rebuke to China 
BIG TROUBLE IN LITTLE CHINA (1986) Cinematography by Dean Cundey Directed by John Carpenter Explore more shots in our database:  
#Uyghur rights activist @nuryturkel explains to @democracynow the different types of camps in #China, as well as their size, number and population, which are arbitrarily detaining millions. 4 Type of Camps: 1. Daily re-education 2. #ConcentrationCamp 3. Prison 4. Forced 
Huge congratulations to Taiwan’s President @iingwen, whose party is a member of @liberalinternat on her resounding election victory. It is vital that the  support Taiwan’s independence in face of China’s bullying.  …
Taiwan reelected President Tsai Ing-wen by a landslide, sending a stern rebuke to China in an election dominated by anti-government protests in Hong Kong. Tsai won almost 8.2 million votes, more than any Taiwan president since its first election in 1996  
The tentacles of China's #CCP reach throughout American society--including Twitter. A simple political cartoon celebrating Tsai Ing-Wen's landslide victory in #Taiwan is now labeled "sensitive content." I shall retweet 
#China is fast taking over the Mediterranean Sea. Next item on Beijing's to-do list is dominating the Atlantic Ocean. See:  . @HooverInst #Strategika
nylon china 
"Once again, the UN Security Council is utterly failing the people in Syria. Russia and China’s successive vetoes have effectively blocked any attempts to move towards a path of accountability and justice for the war  in Syria."  …
This is how China selects officials. We should do the same.  …
For those of us that are banned in Communist China, Taiwan’s election result is heart warming. Keep up the good work Taiwan! 
Elections TODAY in Taiwan...will the pro-red China KMT candidate win, or will democracy and the rule of law Tsai win...and how will this affect Hong Kong??  …
Taiwan president tells China they will not give in to threats  
Taiwan election: Tsai Ing-Wen wins landslide in rebuke to China  …
Rapid phylogenetic analysis of novel Wuhan China human Coronavirus shows it definitely clusters with the #SARS-related CoV clade. Note: prelim analysis based on 410bp of RdRp. More analyses  but great to see seq data being shared by China. @EcoHealthNYC 
Huge victory for Tsai Ing-Wen in Taiwan election- another strong anti-China message. (Taiwanese people have been watching Hong Kong)  …
Nonsense I’m afraid. There are only 3 regulatory regimes, the USA, China & the EU. If you’re not part of one of them, you don’t sell your goods. Who wants to buy unregulated stuff? Dangerous stuff? Tatty stuff?  …
China’s dream of using Hong Kong as model for Taiwan’s future is dead 
China authorities frame detention camps in Xinjiang as part of robust counter-terror effort when in fact they represent China's effort to systematically eliminate Uighur identity. Why is the U.N. Human Rights Council silent?  …
Good news for India as incumbent president of #Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen wins landslide poll victory. She is fiercely anti-China. Her win adds to Chinese President Xi’s worries over Hong Kong, Xinjiang & Tibet. Gives India diplomatic & strategic leverage  …
(1/7) Let me do a long thread about the #taiwanelection2020. Yes, this is a vote about resisting the influence/interference about China, but for many of us, it feels even more like a battle with populism. We successfully defend ourselves from a dangerous populist provocateur.
fun fact: in some areas of China, a man presents his partner with a healthy chicken during a marriage proposal Hanguang-Jun just needed some liquid courage to pop the big question I guess 
so... Jackson: won a award in Weibo Ceremony Mark: INCREDIBLE debut in China Bambam: event UNICEF that's my boys 
With ML-I signed, #CPEC investment portfolio touches $50bn With approval of Mainline-I (ML-I) #Railway Project total cost of projects under the #China- #Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) has surged to $50 billion – the biggest investment made by any foreign country in 
Pre-orders for Map of the Soul: 7 by China ARMY have reached 118,016 copies! via. 35秒的夏秋 on Baidu Tieba #BestFanArmy #BTSARMY #iHeartAwards 
If China attacked Russia, @TheDemocrats and #FakeNews would find a way to blame @realDonaldTrump...
The crazy story of Roman von Ungern-Sternberg—The Tsarist Warlord who sought to recreate the kingdom of Genghis Khan by declaring a new Mongol Empire and conquering China. He fused elements of Christianity and eastern religions into a new apocalyptic and messianic ideology. 
“Modern Day Slavery”: China Is Forcing Muslims into Forced Labor, Prison & Indoctrination Camps  
China doesn’t want renewables and EVs because they’re good people or because they want to fight climate change. I’m sure some in China care about climate change and doing good things, but the government as a whole is interested in the economics. They’ve done the math. $TSLA
The first-of-its-kind event will bring together cannabis experts and advocates from China, Japan, America, Thailand, and more 
U.S. Congressional Study Urges Sanctions on China Over 'Crimes Against Humanity' 
That East Asia grew phenomenally, including China without liberalisation does not excite you but Ethiopian liberalisation does. Without context, neoliberals find such statements as weapons to fool the naive into believing unsustainable policy moves. Sad.  …
Taiwan's President Tsai Ing-wen has secured a second term after landslide in an election dominated by the country’s relationship with China—“Taiwan is showing the world how much we cherish our free democratic way of life and how much we cherish our nation”  …
Have you blamed China this weekend?
My hearty congratulations @iingwen on being re-elected as President of the Republic of China ( #Taiwan ). It is testimony to your outstanding leadership and vision for your country's future. We look forward to our continued friendship and collaborative working going 
Critical that China (& the rest of us) don't assume that if they've stopped transmission of the new #SARS-like coronavirus found among customers of the Wuhan South China Seafood Market that they've stopped this outbreak. What was the source? Are infected animals found elsewhere?
Hi everybody. Based on historical data and seasonal trends (including the adjustment for made in China Model 3s), my current Tesla delivery estimate for Q1 2020 is 97,000 units. I will update my estimate on 11 February when we have the January numbers for Europe. 
You must ask china your rate also while you were selling donkeys on a sale i think you were the most deserving candidate...
In case the election result hasn't screamed loud enough, it is the exact opposite of embracing the Confucian value. Instead, it is Taiwanese people telling the world "we are #Taiwan, and we are not a part of #China."
#Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen @iingwen wins second term. Voters like her hardline stance on #China.
Prof Chidananda Murthy wanted to join military during Indo China war. He was rejected due to height. Later he sold books from his library on roadside, money earned was sent to soldier welfare fund (As told by Writer Siddalingiah, one of Prof Chimu's student )
So appropriate today! China, North Korea, Russia, Iran, etc are all struggling as we use non military power to control them.  …
Also: Contractors in China listened to your Skype calls with no security precautions, and four Ring employees were fired for watching user videos. 
A juxtaposition: @rogerlsimon vs @Time. Can you guess which one of these publications is on China's payroll, and which one is Roger Simon?  
Thing I want more people to be saying: #Taiwan didn't just reject #China in #Taiwan2020 election. It rejected populism & showed the world that vacuous populist demagogues and disinformation machines CAN be stopped by savvy, thoughtful young voters. We didn't just rebuke China
John Bolton's impeachment testimony will be blocked, Trump says, adding: “You can’t have him explaining all of your statements about national security concerning Russia, China, and North Korea, everything. You just can’t do that.”  …
Stefan Halper, "Professor" moonlighting as a CIA/FBI spy, responding to a questioning student: "I went to China first to set up President Nixon’s visit in 1971" Halper's biography: Oxford University until 1971 1971-1973 White House Domestic Council 
The people of Taiwan did something the people of China can't: vote
The killing of Qassem Soleimani has provoked three crises: 1. U.S.-Iran relations 2. The global counterterrorism fight in Iraq 3. Great power relations between the China, Russia and the U.S  …
India, China agree to set up a military hotline  …
#China continues its mass internment of #Uyghurs & other Turkic peoples in #ConcentrationCamps, labor camps, & prisons across #EastTurkistan. This video shows one facility (site unclear) where clearly hundreds, if not thousands, of people are being held 
It's past midnight in China and it's already January 12th, that means...Lan Sizhui's birthday! Happy birthday to the best son someone could ever wish for! #LanSizhuiDay 
nylon china said imma let lisa show her full potential and y’all are gonna LOVE it 
Today is a great day that will go down in history. Faced with an onslaught of propaganda & disinformation from Communist #China, the people of #Taiwan have fought back, speaking with one voice to say, “NO, we will NOT be the next #HongKong, #EastTurkistan, or #Tibet!”  …
American academics, universities, and businesses believe in free speech......unless they are trying to make money in China  …
The crowd goes wild as Brazil scores their first point in today's curling match against China. Keep up with #Lausanne2020 LIVE:  @youtholympics @lausanne2020 
Congratulations to my dear friend @iingwen on her resounding victory at the polls, being re-elected as President of the Republic of China (Taiwan). I look forward to continue working with you strengthening the relationship between both our countries @MOFA_Taiwan 
The West Lake in Hangzhou, China featuring a happy bag of rice. 
From The Post's Editorial Board: China calls them "kindness students." They’re actually victims of cultural genocide. 
Getting rich by doing the wrong things: The secret to China’s success so far is the 19th century “American system” with Chinese characteristics. Really fascinating older blog post that reveals the historical vision behind @michaelxpettis take on China.  
The GOP had apoplexy about Obama’s auto bailout (they paid back, WITH interest), but yet are willing to add $28m to a Puerto Rico disaster relief aid package to save the farmers losing their shirts by the tariff war that *45 started with China  …
Taiwan’s voters delivered a stinging rebuke of China’s rising authoritarianism on Saturday by re-electing President Tsai Ing-wen, who vowed to preserve the island’s sovereignty in the face of Beijing’s intensifying efforts to bring it under its control.  …
China has learnt their lesson post HK chaos. Now  party is changing the entire education system. They know, that states which don't control their education system, dies untimely death.
Highly doubtful this claim is true, but it merits oversight by @HASCDemocrats. Regardless, it should offend all Americans that Trump wants to rent out our military. Pretty sure China would pay us to help them put down dissent.  …
Taiwan re-elects Tsai Ing-Wen as president in clear message to China  …
Congratulations to President Tsai @iingwen and the people of #Taiwan. Democracy has once again prevailed over Communism as China’s strong disinformation campaign was not successful. I hope elections in #HongKong are  …
On days like this I’m reminded of an observation the brilliant @amyyqin told me of six years ago. Taiwan is “the great counterfactual.” For everyone who says democracy isn’t suited for China, look at Taiwan. What could have been had history taken a different turn?  …
This is how we Americans should vote. If we adopted this method, neither nasty politicians nor #China--through cyber means--could rig an election.  …
Halper was paid a MILLION DOLLARS by Pentagon to produce studies on China (see Grassley audit). Even a student can take him apart for knowing nothing about China, Halper dissembles in seconds into a sweaty babbling mess (see video).  
Internationally, we remain isolated and marginalized because of #China and its growing influence worldwide. We have to make friends under the table and form alliance under extremely vague names and terms. But we keep pushing and fighting.
And not just Russia interferes . Other countries do as well - China always does, Iran does too. And Obama actually interfered in foreign elections more than anyone. He used taxpayer money to try and defeat Netanyahu in last election. Hell, he even wiretapped the Italian PM
"We value our democratic lifestyle and we defend our sovereignty". Tai Ing-Wen's landslide in Taiwan is bad news for China. Further evidence that Xi Jinping's hardline on Hong Kong and elsewhere is backfiring.  …
SM made Yixing promoted his debut in both US and China ALONE. Like what............
#Taiwan is gone for good. #HongKong is leaving. #China is splitting apart. What will be the next part to go? #EastTurkistan- #Xinjiang? #Tibet? In the not-too-distant future, the Chinese state will be  …
 commissioning of the world's largest and most sensitive #radio telescope on Saturday, putting it into formal operation after a productive three-year trial.  
Tsai Ing-wen wins second term as Taiwan president as voters back tough China stance  …
From which County are you from Retweets & Reply With Your Flag Canada India Nigeria Spain China Brazil Ghana Pakistan Kenya Germany USA Uganda Britain Australia Argentine South Africa England Italy Francia You.......
2019 was a horrible year for #XiJinping and #China. 2020 looks like it will be even worse. Now, it's freedom that is on the march. #TsaiIngwen #Taiwan #HongKong #EastTurkistan  …
FREE @carriedothistoo China government detains Hong Kong citizen without reasons and trumped up various baseless charges against them. It is an ABDUCTION, not ‘detention’. Typical CCP way on political suppression. More cases below.. #antiELAB #China_is_terrorist 
In 12 months to October 2019, #Ukraine became third largest exporter of agricultural products to the #EU, bypassing #China. With $7.3 bn in #agriculture exports, Ukraine is only below #US & #Brazil:  
I extend my warmest congratulations to @iingwen. It’s been a privilege working with her to advance the friendship between our nations. As China continues its campaign to delegitimize Taiwan, it’s critical for the US to reaffirm our support for Taiwan’s vibrant democracy.  …
No wonder CIA are hiding Halper and won't let Halper answer Inspector General's questions. We want to know what this China expert who does not speak Chinese and just makes it up did with one million dollars of taxpayer money. Halper was paid for China-Russia study. 
In #China, someone made a video, reading text of my essay about riots. It is going viral, nearing 40.000 views!  …
OP said they’ve been liking Lucas ever since SMRookies but only got a chance to meet him now because they weren’t always in China, they also asked Lucas to write something that can make them feel good and he wrote, “Don't be afraid to be overseas, I'm by your side.” 
Taiwan is showing it doesn’t find absorption into China attractive, particularly as Beijing shows the true meaning of “one country, two systems” in Hong Kong. The CCP may have overplayed its hand with consequences for the real target of its reunification ambitions.  …
‘I Could Never Trust Them’: The China Factor in Taiwan’s Youth Vote 
Congratulations to @iingwen on her historic victory! President Tsai has been a fearless champion in the fight against #China imperialism. Here's to many more years of standing together for a free & open Asia  …
The only way to save our society is to disengage from #China. Prez #Trump started the process. Let's see it through to the end. Thank you,  …
This is another stunning--and inspirational--demonstration of the people of #Taiwan standing up to the militancy and threats of next-door #China. If they can do it, why can't others?  …
Wisconsin lost 818 dairy farms in 2019 as farmers across the country suffer from Trump's trade war with China  …
when we thought this was nct china and they gave us a fuccing nct celeb five,,, still living for this tho  …
Ivanka Trump gained 23 trademarks in China including one for voting machines. Her hubby Jared Kushner used our White House to find debt loaners for himself. Both made up to $135 million while working in daddy Trump’s administration. But Biden’s son Hunter is the problem? Sure.
If this horror is not ended soon, the entire world must ask: Should China be allowed to host the 2022 Winter Olympics in one city while running concentration camps in another? 
#Hazara #Motorway near #Abbottabad Operational and Completed #CPEC #China #Pakistan Economic Corridor #KP © Nadeem Raza 
China's aggressive language and threats against Taiwan help Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen—who was trailing badly in the polls a year ago—to return to office in a landslide win. This is just the latest example of how China's muscular approach is proving very counterproductive.
We've had "dialogue" with #China for decades, and for decades China's trade behavior has  more mercantilistic, more predatory, more criminal. While they talk, they injure  and steal our intellectual property. No more talking, consultation, dialogue, or delay.  …
What'd be the most annoying possible headline, if we wanted to break Twitter...? How about: "Tsai Ing-wen elected to lead renegade province as restive island votes in move set to anger China."
"China Sky Eye": FAST telescope starts formal operation more:  
The president of Taiwan (population 23 million) received more votes than the president of China (population 1,386 million)
Standing on top of the Anjihai Canyon,where tourists rarely visit due to the danger of climbing it, in Tian Shan NW China's Xinjiang, you will have one of the most thrilling experiences in life 
⠀ Kris Wu x Ramon Ros Remon Ros GM GIVENCHY CEO Louis Vuttion China - 2014 China - 2020 
I just found out that Knives Out made more money than The Rise of Skywalker in China and anyway good morning everyone 
Taiwan’s voters delivered a stinging rebuke of China’s rising authoritarianism on Saturday by re-electing President Tsai Ing-wen, who vowed to preserve the island’s sovereignty in the face of Beijing’s intensifying efforts to bring it under its control 
Special edition First Order + China (1912-1928) = First China: 
Population aging in Asia's most populous countries, UN data & forecasts. #Japan had more elders than children starting in late 1990s. #Pakistan will reach that almost 100 years later. But populations are getting older, everywhere. #poptwitter #aging #China #India 
@realDonaldTrump should consider this strategy suggestion by Harley Schlanger. Call emergency summit with leaders of Russia/China. Partner with them to control Iran & arrest DS. Backchannels Are Important, Trump Removing [WWIII] Hotspots:  
Shopping for cosplay in China sometimes involves tip-toeing on a plastic stool and praying that the cosplay gods are watching over you. (Gotta get that bling! ) 
Lithuanian MP says time is ripe to consider dropping diplomatic recognition of China in favor of Taiwan
China put world's largest and most sensitive radio telescope into formal operation on Saturday  
Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen has won a second term, signaling strong voter support for her tough stance against China. 
In two key elections within months of each other, the two parts of greater China where residents can vote—Hong Kong and Taiwan—have resoundingly voted against pro-Beijing candidates. The CCP should take heed. Its policies are deeply distrusted among those who are able to choose.  …
China and Pakistan participate in the Naval Exercise 'Sea Guardians 2020' in the Northern Arabian Sea. #China #Navy #Sea #Pakistan #EmergingPakistan @MFA_China @ForeignOfficePk @CathayPak 
Taiwan re-elects Tsai Ing-Wen as president in clear message to China  …
To celebrate #youngjae's 27th Birthday, we have prepared a supporting adv at Hapjeong Station, Seoul with China Babyz. Special thanks to all China Babyz who contributed to make the beautiful project. Date: 2020.01.09 ~ 2020.02.08 #yooyoungjae #유영재 
"Americans intended to introduce freedom to China, but instead traded it for Chinese money": Future of America’s Contest with China  …
Taiwanese turned sour on China’s“one country, two systems” application in HK, revealing China’s little appetite for liberal democracy, paving the way for President Tsai Ing Wen for another term.  …
Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen Re-elected in Landslide Victory “… Taiwan is showing the world how much we cherish our free democratic values, and how much we cherish our nation, the Republic of China, Taiwan.” - @iingwen Very interesting choice of  …
In Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen wins re-election in rebuke to Beijing. China reacts with fierce salvo of albino British squirrel pictures. Devastating.  …
Congratulations to the people of Taiwan for yet another free and fair election, and to President Tsai Ing-wen for her re-election. There is a lesson here for China: do not interfere in Taiwan’s elections - or in America’s!
Only 13 economies have grown 7% annually for 25 years: Botswana Brazil China HK Indonesia Japan S. Korea Malaysia Malta Oman Singapore Taiwan Thailand 
Breaking: After offering voters a stark choice between democracy with her or dictatorship with China, Tsai Ing-wen has won re-election in a stunning retort to Beijing—she received more votes than any candidate in Taiwan’s democratic history.
Taiwan president tells China they will not give in to threats  
President Tsai Ing-wen won a landslide victory over China-friendly opposition challenger Han Kuo-yu to clinch a second term in Taiwan’s presidential election, dealing a blow to Beijing 
Academic institutions must grapple with the question of when engagement with China  @BethanyAllenEbr 
Tsai Ing-wen is set to win Taiwan's presidential race, in a rebuke to China's efforts to gain control over the island democracy 
The sad irony behind it all. Taiwan, a strong democracy opposing authoritarian PRC, was expelled from the UN in 1971 with the vote of the US that contributed the int’l recognition of one China policy.  …
Huawei isn’t just surviving after Trump's blacklisting; it’s actually thriving in some 
Tsai Ing-wen: "China must abandon threats of force against Taiwan…Democratic Taiwan and our democratically-elected government will not concede to threats and intimidation." 
Another 6 acres of land in Colombo 2 is to be leased to the Shang Property Developers Pvt. (Ltd.) for 99 years for a mixed development project. For those who think 99 years is not much; we have been an independent country for just 72 years. #lka #SriLanka #China #development
Tsai’s「中華民國台灣」(“Republic of China Taiwan”) takes this a step further. It implies that the “Republic of China” is Taiwan. When we say ROC, we mean Taiwan and vice-versa. By erasing that line, Taiwan is a sovereign nation in and of itself. Its existence cannot be denied.
Under Chiang Kai-shek and his son Taiwan was simply「中華民國」 (“Republic of China”). Taiwan’s first elected president Lee Teng-hui instead used「中華民國在台灣」 (“Republic of China on Taiwan”), signifying the ROC as a sovereign entity referred to Taiwan now—not the mainland.
In her victory speech, incumbent President Tsai Ing-wen says the historic #TaiwanElection turnout shows “how much we treasure democracy and our country: the Republic of China Taiwan.” The name she used—「中華民國台灣」—is a subtle but significant shift in nomenclature. 
Tsai said Taiwan has maintained a "non-provocative and non-adventurous attitude" towards China in her first term. She said Beijing's "One Country, Two Systems" proposal is unacceptable, and any exchange must be founded in peace, parity, respect and democracy, rather than threats. 
If you want a deeper understanding of the situation in Iran and the US reaction, don't miss my interview w/ @WalidPhares and @RandPaul. New details on the persecution in China and @megmeekermd on raising an incredible daughter.  World 
Pres. Tsai's reelection as Taiwan president reflects another failure for Xi Jinping; it was China's bullying of Hong Kong and of Taiwan itself that led to Tsai's reelection. But Xi may now feel freer to take even more dangerous steps toward Hong Kong and Taiwan.  …
Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen wins second term as voters signal support for her tough stance toward China. 
BREAKING: Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen wins 2nd term, signalling strong voter support for her tough stance against China. Earlier story: 
China appears to have been destroying traditional Uyghur cemeteries for several years as part of what critics describe as a broader, coordinated campaign to control Islamic beliefs and Muslim minority groups within its borders.  
#Taiwan President Tsai makes history tonight by winning over 8 million votes, the highest of all presidents, a stinking rebuke to China 
Trump got into a trade war with China China cut U.S. dairy purchases by more than 50% 818 dairy farms in Wisconsin went out of business in 2019. That's 10% of the state's dairies and the largest decline in Wisconsin history  …
More than 73 % of respondents (and 93% of those aged 20-34) do not want Taiwan to “unify with mainland China even if it arrives at same level of economic & political development as Taiwan.” In recent survey, 62% of Taiwanese prioritize national security. 32% economic interest.  …
Congratulations to uri China sheep Zhang Yixing for winning “Best Producer of the Year” award and “Weibo Male God of the year” award @2019 Weibo Awards we are so proud of you #LayWeiboAwards #EXO @weareoneEXO 
Oyo Hotels is firing thousands of staff across China and India, reports Bloomberg citing sources. Read more at:  …
Shenzhen, China #ILOVEUNITED We bring you this special birthday message from Bryan Robson! #MUFC 
#GOT7 member #JacksonWang and Chinese actor #JingBoran trend on China’s Twitter-like Sina Weibo for cutely forming a temporary duo when walked on the red carpet of the 2019 Weibo Awards Ceremony on Saturday. #王嘉尔 
Disney Store Shanghai tonight. Let's put to bed the myth that Winnie the Pooh is banned in China. 
Country representatives in the Finals 6: China 1: Chinese Taipei, Korea, Japan, Denmark #MalaysiaMastersSuper500
Special edition China (1889-1912) + Imperial State of Iran = Imperial State of China: 
Bad night for Beijing - Tsai won, DPP legislative majority looking likely, China friendly legislative candidates lost, Taiwan's democratic process showing its resilience etc. PRC's carrots & sticks are not working and trend in demographics/political attitudes is not promising  …
Since Lisa’s impact in China is getting bigger, and not only in China, she’s getting more recognition all over the world, you can see them crying and mentioning Korea as if it was the only country. We don’t need korea when Lisa holds the whole world..... 
Amazing mountain road in Guizhou Province, China  @elangeorgemusic @ktanimara @AndreiAndrei63 @AndreiAndrei63 @SaveATrain @Havenlust @LoriShemek @myall3000 @diomedes66 @GustavoVela71 @ameralhoribi @alvarofb23 @Chitreanos 
Big news. In case you're just joining us: China really wants electric vehicles to succeed. Its push will reshape auto and energy markets.  …
Things I learned in a few countries I lived in - Venezuela - Life should be enjoyed - Italy - Food is important as is family - China - West has a lot wrong with health - Vietnam - No shoes in the house, Defend what's yours - Uruguay - Meat is essential Always something to learn
The China-Pakistan military exercise concluded its shore-port training yesterday. The Chinese-Pakistan mixed warships set sail today from Karachi Port, Pakistan,traveling to the North Arabian Sea. The second phase of the exercise will be a live-fire drill at sea. 
This bullet train technician from Shaanxi, China has never been home for Lunar New Year for 10 years. And this year, his parents decided to give him a surprise 
The colossal 500-metre-diameter FAST radio telescope in southwest China officially entered service today after more than 3 years of testing and debugging. It is the largest radio telescope in the world with a collecting area equivalent to 30 football fields. Image: 中国国家天文 
China MIIT head: EV subsidy phase out postponed. No cancellation after July 1st
Independent candidate, pro-independence activist and musician Freddy Lim of @chthonictw fame re-elected. “We don’t have to rely on China,” he tells the press. “We can walk our own path with dignity and honour.” #TaiwanElection 
5/ Both as the forefront of the free world, #Hongkong and #Taiwan will continue to work as the closest allies in fighting against #China’s intimidation.
4/ Tonight is also the precious moment for #Hongkongers. #HongKongProtests have shown China’s intolerance to dissidence an d freedoms, and #Taiwaneses have defended their lovely island with their votes.
The  mineral on Earth, making up 38% of our planet, has never been observed on the surface. But it has now been found & studied in a meteorite that fell over Suizhou, China.  
Yeah, I'm all for teaching #Empire: The Empire of #Kush; Empire of #China; the ancient Empires of #Islam... #Africa....the #Incas...the indigenous peoples of North and South America... Let's do that, #BJ ! #BritishMuseum-The #EraOfReclamation #InSearchOfBlackHistory  …
‘I quit life as a BBC journalist to live as a jade carver in China’  …
France insist trade talks could take 3 years! UK is Leaving Dec 31st  what May. If no deal is signed, UK will trade under WTO terms in same way we currently do with USA, China, Australia & other parts of the world. So #EU, take as long as you want. #Consequences #Brexit
I agree with this. Britain was known as a nation of dog lovers. In China, they eat dogs. Think on. 
Indonesia ga ada wakil di Final and China say Hi! what a way to start 2020
India has only 25000 African students. (China has over 50000.) Reason: India is not very hospitable to them. Racism prevails in police, admin, even civil society. Which is why, my lawyer friend @DhrutiMKapadia's initiative for a Centre to support them is so praiseworthy. 2/2
Bravo, China ! China’s 10-year fishing ban in the Yangtze River will affect 280,000 fishermen, many of whom are happy  ashore to protect fish and nature in the long river 
So following the drubbing of the pro-establishment camp in #HongKong’s recent elections now #Taiwan sends a pretty tough message to Beijing with what appears to be a very convincing win for Tsai Yingwen in Presidential elections. #China
Grim faces at KMT hq as the defeat  more stark. “It’s possible we lost because of the media’s fake news” says an MC on stage as a live band listlessly plays. Waiting for the Chinafriendly Han to concede, with the scale of this loss likely to rattle #China 
Roma fan's Association Beijing China VS Parma Fan's Association China This is the story of Serie A，the friendship of Serie A. @OfficialASRoma @ASRomaEN @1913parmacalcio @ParmaCalcio_en @SerieA 
HARRY WINSTON The Ocean Collection™ Ocean Biretrograde Automatic 42mm⁣ price upon request⁣ 2020 February issue Cosmopolitan China Magazine, Harry Winston official site, info by NB⁣ ⁣ #kimjaejoong #jaejoong #김재중 #ジェジュン #J_JUN #金在中 
Writers who don’t know Taiwan well struggle to move beyond the China framing in coverage of Taiwan, but it bears repeating that China for many Taiwanese feels rather distant, in the sense that it doesn’t often have a ton to do with their day-to-day lives.  …
Mr President,fact of the matter is your party sold Iscor and textile industry to china,poultry industry to brazil,denel to guptas,SOE's are dysfunctional because of corruption and looting. Fact is ANC gov cannot create jobs,our jobs are in Brics countries.  …
Our African kids can do medicine, engineering and law in Russia,cuba, China using a language that took them 1-2 years to Learn BUT a Namibian kid with 35 points can't qualify for a university in Namibia because his/her English wich she did for minimum 12 years isn't good enough. 
China's pursuit of innovation, largely relying on sci-tech progress, has a clear reason: it won't go back to old development path of high energy-consumption, severe pollution & cheap labor. It encourages science & technology to solve development problems  
Organizers pull plug on China International Film Festival as censorship intensifies 
I know a lot of #TaiwanElection coverage depicts this election as a vote against China, but the impression I have from living here for a few weeks is that it's actually a vote for "Taiwan" and that's actually something different.
Roses are red, Beijing is the capital of China, 
Alcohol is older than the Great Pyramid at Giza, the Roman Colosseum, Machu Picchu, the Taj Mahal, and the Great Wall of 
In the middle of China and Korea produced products in 168, there is Citysoles which is a line of locally-produced Marikina-made foot wear. Prices range from 100-450 
The  for Tesla MIC Model 3 in China are 3 series, C Class & A4, not those $5K $8K EVs.
The most powerful passports in the world in 2020, ranked- 1. Japan 2. Singapur 3. South Korea/Germany 4. Italy/Finland 5. Spain/Denmark/Sweden 8. USA/UK/Norway/Greece/Belgium 72. China 84. India 100. North Korea 101. Nepal (Source: The Henley Passport Index)
Inspiration from the prosperity of the Chinese Royal Garden Yuanmingyuan（Summer Palace）.  of dynamic and static shows the trace of Chinese traditional civilization.  #heavengaia #fashiondesign #china 
Pak PM's time table : 7am (RSS ideology) 9am (boot licking china) 12 (electricity cut offs) at 3pm (modi) 5pm (violating ceasefire) 6pm (converting non-M) 8pm (Kashmir) 9pm ( dinner with Hafiz sawed) 10pm (fake news against India) 11pm (galiya from all over) 12 (RSS ideology)  …
Breaking: HK terrorist "polices" step into UK Embassy area (British jurisdiction) and arrest British Nationals (Overseas). Will the UK back down again or will the UK government steps up for foreign invasion? We'll see... #invasion  …
On January 11, voters in Taiwan will elect a new president and parliament. @RushDoshi discusses China’s efforts to influence the results using a disinformation campaign: 
China’s Central Bank: Here’s the Latest on the Digital Yuan - CoinDesk #JTS China central bank getting close to doing away with paper cash  …
Archaeologists have excavated 200 more terracotta warriors in China -  
Inspiration from the prosperity of the Chinese Royal Garden Yuanmingyuan（Summer Palace）.  of dynamic and static shows the trace of Chinese traditional civilization.  #heavengaia #fashiondesign #china 
“Stop Uighur internment camps or take the Olympics away from #China“ writes  …
We all know a revolution isn’t a dinner party. But apparently now a dinner party is incitement to state subversion. #China #XiJinping #noruleoflaw @hrw ⁦  …
pro china support look the same everywhere, same ugly!God Bless Taiwan!! 
China Has Physically Occupied Tibet But It Can Never Control Our Mind: His Holiness @DalaiLama in his Interview with @nitingokhale on 
This could be the most consequential election of 2020, @natashakassam told me: The Taiwanese election. It's a proxy for the way the world deals with an increasingly aggressive and interfering China. Our first take here:  …
Microsoft ex-employee says contractors in China reviewed audio recordings from Skype calls with ZERO SECURITY 
... imagine, free dreams and fantasy. Imagine. Art by Rustam QBic in Shangahi, China #StreetArt #Art #Imagine #Dreams #Poetry #NoWar #Peace #Shanghai 
China is treating Islam like a mental illness! Forcing 10 Lakh Muslims in camps to: -Renounce Islam -Criticize Islamic beliefs -Eat pork & drink alcohol -Stop Islamic Manifestations like beard! But Pakistan is quiet & so are its allies! For them only India & Modi are bad!
10 years ago, we  about growing at 3% (China grew by 10+% in 2010, Brazil 7.5%, Nigeria close to 8%). We were underachieving because of Eskom. Now, same problem but growth projections are at 0.9% because problems that don’t get fixed evolve and get worse.
Though we were partitioned around the same time as Korea & Vietnam, and also had a crush on one side in the cold war, while sharing a border with China. Communism could hardly prosper in more than two states and a university campus.
Taehyung just posted 2 pics of him riding on the subway but he's already trending at 7th place in Weibo China , 1st place in Twipple Japan and 1st place in Twitter Korea 
Our data science program became the most popular Master’s program of @helsinkiuni in the international application round. CS in 3rd place. So happy! Go @KumpulaScience! Applications from China skyrocket 65% despite tuition fees #finland  …
As part of the EU, we  and win against the USA & China. After Brexit, we'll need to take on the USA, China and even the EU all alone. #NotMyBrexit 
WHO advice for international travel and trade in relation to the outbreak of pneumonia caused by a new #coronavirus in #Wuhan, #China  
The virus implicated in a mysterious outbreak of pneumonia in central China is in a class of pathogens that are a growing player in global infectious disease epidemics 
China's Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical Radio Telescope ( #FAST), the world's largest single-dish radio telescope, officially began operations on Saturday, after clearing 
China's Hukou Waterfalls stun in frigid winter 
[ #TaehyungTrends ] "Kim Taehyung rides the subway without the mask" is currently trending at #20 on Weibo Hot Search . China is another Taetaeland #BTSV #Taehyung 
China's repression of the Uighurs merits a strong human rights response  … via @washtimes
Opinion: What China Does Is Cultural Genocide  …
China reports first death in new pneumonia outbreak in Wuhan. Peking University First Hospital respiratory specialist Wang Guangfa, said the “overall outbreak were under control”. Sadly, not much trust left after SARS..  …
Question is how can we all use this moment to shift incentives & ensure timely sharing & recognition & credit for those who do the work - moment to be celebrated, a moment to be grasped. Great credit to Wuhan, China & beyond.
This #bird was new to science less than 20 years ago, until two #Chinese ornithologists discovered it in the village of Nonggang, #Guangxi Province, south #China, naming the bird after the place where it was found, the “Nonggang Babbler”  
Potentially really important moment in global public health-must be celebrated, everyone involved in Wuhan, in China & beyond acknowledged, thanked & get all the credit. Sharing of data good for public health, great for those who did the work. Just needs those incentives & trust
China's Chendgu TV highlighted producer SOOMAN LEE as "the pioneer of Korea's entertainment industry"! Watch:  #SOOMANLEE #SMEntertainment 
Great News Tesla China Model 3 Update: NEV Susidies Will Not Be Cut in July 2020, Says MIIT Minister China $TSLA #Tesla #China  …
So I’m in a polling place in #Taiwan, and who should I run into but @tengbiao! I just wish he could vote in China. #TaiwanElection  
An excellent piece by @Andrew_Seadog in response to Grenville Cross' China Daily article #StandwithHK #HongKong #DemocracyforHK @hk_watch @Stand_with_HK Claims of 'fake news' over Hong Kong police conduct should be backed by facts  … via @hongkongfp
#Drive-less #AutonomousVehicle sweeper takes to the roads in #China by @gigadgets_ #AI #Autonomous #IoT #Robotics #IIoT #4IR Cc: 
Greta needs to go to China  …
Jackson Wang charting on Net Ease Mark Tuan charting on QQ Music Chart MARKSON CHINA DOMINATION #MarkTuan1stChineseSingle 
The China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) has been hailed as a game changer for Pakistan and for its most restive and underdeveloped province, Balochistan. 
#TaiwanElection polls have just closed Whatever the  the #CCP may have already lost the long game in #Taiwan 89.3% reject one country two systems 82.4% aged 20-29 identify solely as #Taiwanese And 64.5% aged 20-39 would fight #China if necessary  …
Many anti-american Nigerians here I don't see much anti-Chinese here even though the latter is slowly colonizing their country. I tweet pro-U.S policies, they swarm and attack. Now ask them to choose where they would love to visit between China and U.S, they will 90% choose U.S
The first batch of the Made-in-China Tesla Model 3s delivery in Beijing China on Jan 8th 2020 
Army Chief on the proposed hotline between armies of India and China: There will soon be a hotline between Indian Director General Military Operations and the Chinese Western Command. 
WTF - Must Read Iraqi Prime Minister Mahdi: ‘After my return from China, Trump called me and asked me to cancel the agreement, so I also refused, and he threatened me with massive demonstrations that toppled me. Indeed, the demonstrations started ...’  …
Taiwan election: Hong Kong election tourists join campaign rallies  … @JeromeTaylor @ayanchiu #HongKong #antiELABhk #antiELAB #HongKongProtest #China #Taiwan #TaiwanElection
連一張相都唔能夠容忍⋯⋯ You believe civil liberty is what makes HK different from other Chinese cities, but the difference is indeed fading away.  … #chinazi #China_is_terrorist 
Army Chief General Manoj Mukund Naravane on the need for re-balancing the Force on both Pakistan and China border: Re-balancing is required as there is a feeling that both northern and western borders require equal attention. 
I’ve been on the Mekong River at countless places across South East Asia. She is a seductress, tempestuous & raging one minute; a submissive siren the next. An arterial life force flowing through to her delta and into the South China Sea. I love her.  …
Definitely! I appeal to all my brothers and sisters to fly the kite in a highway like our soaring dreams but pls avoid imported Manjha from china and also dusare plastic.  …
#China's bid to challenge Boeing and Airbus falters Development of China’s C919 single-aisle plane, already at least five years behind schedule, is going slower than expected Copying only goes so far........  …
Big amen for this thread. Shorter: if you think China’s going to be the worlds biggest economy based on current models and trajectory, think much harder.  …
A consistent point of the DPP this election season is that the world is watching Taiwan. For a country unfairly deprived of recognition, there is a hunger to be seen. If your eyes are here today please see this lovely nation for what it is: free Taiwan, not China #Taiwan2020
A new strain of coronavirus has been discovered in China, which health officials think is likely the culprit in a pneumonia outbreak in the central city of Wuhan. It doesn't appear to spread easily between people. 
Yibo and fans through Wang Yibo's Charity House hand in hand with Energy of China Official continue to donating sports equipments and supplies for schools in rural areas. Wang Yibo Health Sports Room has been added in three primary schools in Fengqiu, Dingzhou, and Whuzi. 
Lovely puffy lion chow chow pups are available for new homes....The Chow-Chow is a dog breed originally from northern China, where it is referred to as Songshi-Quan, which means "puffy-lion dog". Life expectancy: 9 – 15 years  
Get set go! Pune Metro train trial @metrorailpune on Friday. The rail cars are from Nagpur Metro @MetroRailNagpur (China Railway Rolling Stock Corporation @CRRC_global) 
op asked winwin to sign to 喜茶 (heytea, a famous bubble tea chain in china) and winwin wrote "多喝点coco" (drink more coco) coco is another bubble tea franchise hhhhhh 
she snapped nylon china so hard 
Proof 47352627 that our city is being turned into just another China city.  …
I now want to hear every Alan Rickman story there is-what ineffable quality he had that every1 loves him so-I used truly, madly, deeply in a fan letter 2 China Mieville 7, 8 yrs ago & he sent me a ladybug card with this tiny precise writing-He has the same effect on me.
[IG] → #LISA x Nylon China photoshoot, posted on Instagram by onlygeeeun.  … #blackpink #리사 #블랙핑크 #小莎 #LISAxNylonChina #リサ #ラリサ 
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - One of China’s longest-running and largest independent film festivals has suspended operations “indefinitely”, with the organizers saying it was now “impossible” to organize a festival with a “purely independent spirit”.
Satellite images from 1991 to 2016 show the huge changes that happened in Shapotou of Zhongwei City in NW China’s Ningxia, which transformed itself from a droughty desert area into an ecotourism area. 
Trump's lack of strategic vision is going to make China great again | Nouriel Roubini The US needs to work closely with allies to bring its model of society and economy into the 21st century  …
everyone updating nylon china contents except lisa
China now is a close parallel with Hitler's Nazi Germany - where the support and acquiescence of many ordinary people helped enable the racist oppression of their fellow human beings, as today in Xinjiang.  …
On January 11, Chinese authorities reported to @WHO that, with use of the genomic test kit, the number of cases affected by the new coronavirus in #Wuhan, #China was narrowed from the previous 59 suspected cases to 41 cases. (1/3)
it wasn’t a particularly eye catching article, “A study on the migration of porcelain traders from Song China to Goryeo: language, religion, and cultural assimilation, (1926).” but something about this name stuck, so he started digging.
Such is the extent of Mesut Ozil’s blacklisting in China that  don’t mention the Arsenal star’s name. 
Bullet trains are maintained to ensure safety for the Spring Festival travel rush, the largest annual migration in China. Take a look at a maintenance base in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province 
What fast-ageing countries such as China tell us about our economic future  
Hu Huaibang, former chairman and Party chief of China Development Bank, has been expelled from the Communist Party of China for serious violations of Party discipline and laws, the top anti-graft body announced Saturday. 
An  will the top 2020 China story be: 1. Mass arbitrary detention of Turkic Muslims in Xinjiang. 2. The expanding surveillance state. 3. Efforts to undermine the international human rights system. 4. Suppressing Hong Kong protesters.  
"When you’re ill-prepared for an interview with Miguna, you go knowing that he'll sweep the floor with you. Had Kenyans known the govt was going to hire a mop as spokesperson, we would've advised them to save the money and use it to repay China loans."  …
Wait until China drops the digital currency bomb on the global banking system... actually, the wait is nearly over, writes 
China and the US are always   for GDP, arms, influence and wealth. And this time,  for who build a wall first. 
No promo, no word from his  and yet he successfully debuted in china number one song in the chart right now with over 70k sales(100k  Mark’s debut as a solo singer in China was a 
My wish to all Leftists ; Liberty of North Korea , Salary of Cuba , Food facilities of Venezuela , LGBT freedom of Russia , & Justice of China !! Ins-all-ah !! Ins-all-ah !! © Abhay Kumar bhaiya
If the Australian bushfires were caused by CO2, then Australia should sue China for damages.
Taiwan votes in election closely watched by China  
OnePlus promises to unveil new "screen technology" next week at China event  
"Mark's debut in China is a total SUCCESS" #MarkTuan_OuttaMyHead 
It was black day when leftist supported Britishers while ‘Quit India’ movnt It was a black day when leftist defied india as a country It was black day when leftist supported China in 1962 war It was black day when leftist celebrated #UrbanNaxals & killing of innocent  …
A rather dangerous suggestion  overlooks  of #China’s disinformation on the ground in #Taiwan. The online aspect of the disinformation campaign may be easier to trace and tackle, but what makes #China’s election interference ...  …
China Communists are biggest liars. Their ‘One country Two systems’ is just empty words. Behind the words are dictatorship, censorship, oppression, political persecution, corruption and police brutality. Taiwanese mustn’t trust the China Communists. 
When I got to visit the Great Wall of China on the Pacquiao vs Rios press tour - heading back to China in a couple weeks with Viktor Postol for his title fight against Jose Ramirez on February 1st ... @IcemanPostol #flashbackfriday @WildCardBoxing1 @WCBstore @trboxing 
My interview with @LouDobbs and #KTMcFardland: "Good that President @realDonaldTrump asked NATO to join the campaign to pressure Iran, & a premiere to call on #Russia and China to let go of the Iran regime, help stabilize international economic security"  …
to say that got7 is only popular in thailand would be clownery when both jackson and mark’s solo albums has great success in china....  …
China spent a record 726 billion yuan ($104.46 billion) on water conservation projects in 2019. The country started the construction of 23 key water conservation projects  over 90% of the annual investment plan: the Ministry of Water Resources  
Last month saw  of the Zaha Hadid Architects-designed Changsha Meixihu International Culture and Art Centre, located in Changsha, the capital city of China’s Hunan province. See more of the  here:  
Also, the breathiness he used in certain songs were BY CHOICE. One of the many singing styles Jungkook had mastered throughout these years. One of my favourites. #Jungkook #JK #정국  …
#ABC_challenge is intended to raise the world awareness of 's economic infiltration to oppress world's freedom & human rights Share your #AnywherebutChina items w the #ABC_challenge too!! Stand against the CCP by avoiding any Chinese brands and “made in China” products 
#AmazingChina: Yingxi Peak Forest is located in South #China's Guangdong province. These small peaks rising from the ground are the result of hundreds of millions of years of water erosion. 
Fake news continues on election day in #Taiwan: social media accounts telling people not  out to vote because of risk of SARS-like  from China. Fact checking organizations working to quickly debunk the rumors.  …
"Dear passengers, your train 'G2020' is ready to take you home." Number of train trips may hit 440 million during China's Spring Festival travel rush this year, up 8% year on year 
From the airport express train to check-in, all you need is your face at China's new mega airport, Beijing Daxing 
(2/n) For #Taiwan2020 the most important issue people are voting on is how #Taiwan is to relate to mainland #China. The top bar in this graph is overall sentiment of the Taiwanese people. As you can see, the vast, vast majority favor either Status Quo or Independence from China 
The new Chinese coronavirus again reveals that the chIna food  with globalization can prove to be a major source of emergent diseases. One wonders if the "plague" recorded in chIna history arose from similar interactions
Two years ago I warned about China's plan for a military base on Pakistan's Jiwani peninsula. "For China, the Arabian Sea is also important in the context of its air and naval facility, Jiwani, close to the Gwadar Port and the Iranian Chahabar Port." 
(1/n) THREAD: Setting the stage for the #TaiwanElection—happening right now! By the #s: The big race is between Tsai Ing-wen (bottom bar) & Han Kuo-yu (middle bar) Red: Unify w/ #China Green: Independence Light grey: Status Quo Dark grey: Depends Black: Don‘t Know Source later 
11:11 summoning circle: seungyoun and sungjoo unit debut, album, promotions uniq china line interactions!!! 2020 uniq uniq up!!
The End Of The "Chinese Miracle" - China is reaching the end of its debt-driven economic model, and thus well-along in the end-game of the “Chinese Miracle”  …
I just can't understand this kind of obsession with Uyghur dancing in China. I remember in my elementary school, everyone was taught Uyghur dancing. Every class teacher would scold me for not doing good head slide & circle.  …
iQIYI YouthWithYou give a warm message  mentor Lisa on weibo " Dance mentor LISA @.lisalisalisa_ Weibo! 春卷 on behalf of the YouthWithYou came to  Lisa teacher ~ We'll meet again in China. " #iqiyi #青春有你2 #YouthWithYou #LISA #LALISA 
“The strong do what they want, the weak suffer what they must” (Thucydides). Iraq: US troops go home now! US: nope, we stay. Indonesia: China, get out of our EEZ in Natuna! China: nope, we stay. 
Lethal SARS-linked coronavirus claims first life as China’s pneumonia outbreak infects dozens 
One of China’s biggest  just released a Chinese New Year ad starring a gay couple  …
Roses are red So  China 
In an interview, @IngrahamAngle asks President Trump why he doesn't allow Amb. John Bolton to testify. He replies, "You can't have him explaining all of your statements about national security concerning Russia, China, and North Korea — everything — we just can't do that."
#UPDATE Out of 41 people diagnosed with the new type of coronavirus in the city of Wuhan, China, one had died, two were discharged from treatment, and seven remained in serious condition 
summoning circle: uniq china line interaction and picture
Protests in #HongKong roll on as protesters detest #China’s brutal #communist gov’t. Watch as #HK police club a protester.  playbook is simple: suppress and intimidate at all 
This man from E China's Shandong challenges you with his best hobby: balancing performance 
China reports 1st death from new type of coronavirus  
Did Trump sellout America's farmers to Russia? Did Russia steal the US/China soy and poultry markets while lighting up the Amazon? The Brazilians own the farms they have been burning and the Russians own the license that allows only them to sell soy to China.
‘Taiwan Cannot  Like Hong Kong’: A Fresh Challenge to China #Taiwan  …
Sunset in the Great Wall. China 
Nylon China 
Woohoo spotted my very first China Made Tesla Model 3 in the wild! #Tesla #TeslaChina #MIC #ChinaMade #Model3 #特斯拉 #中国 
Day 436 China’s central bank has been working on Crypto research since 2014. The ongoing work on digital yuan is an  of this. While China is working on digital yuan, US will see Libra and other stable coins emerge. Shouldn’t India be participating? 
With money borrowed from China!  …
‘India deploys aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya in Arabian Sea amid China-Pak naval drill’ If you act with pusillanimity China will dominate you (Nehru). If you act with pluck China will back away (Doklam).  …
China reports first death from mysterious outbreak in Wuhan  …
China's Sars-like illness worries health experts #Sars #Pneumonia  …
In China, you can’t say these words... Of course, 'Go, Hong Kong' (香港加油) is one of them... #StandWithHongKong #HongKong  … via @ShareAmerica
The US is not importing as much oil anymore as it used to (due to home supply). China has thus replaced the US as the main importer for various countries (say Gabon). Consequently, has China  politically more influential in these regions? Remember CCP needs the oil.
The U.S. has repeatedly blasted China’s efforts to quell Hong Kong’s unrest.  Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is getting off easy 
Lee Sooman Reveals Plans To Hold An Audition Program In China  …
nylon china is her best magazine photoshoot yall cannot not agree with me 
[HQ] LISA x NYLON CHINA: #LISA #BLACKPINK I vote #KillThisLove by @ygofficialblink for #BestMusicVideo at the 
#GrandmaWong is being detained in #China for a non-crime she “committed” in #HK, charged with “picking quarrels and provoking troubles,” a crime with no clear legal definition that is nonetheless often used in China.”  #FreeHK #CCP
. @RushDoshi discusses China’s disinformation campaign in Taiwan in the leadup to the island’s presidential and parliamentary elections: 
Glad we traveled north! Giant pandas Yashuang and Erxi, originally from SW China’s Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding, seem to enjoy the snow at their enclosure at Wild World Jinan in E China’s Shandong. 
China just sent me a bill for Trump's Tariffs. Do I send it to Mexico?
FaOI Shanghai is partnering with 'bilibili', one of the most popular streaming websites (also selling tickets for shows & exhibition etc. ) in China for ticketing. There is a link just updated for the event on their website, more details to be confirmed.  … 
U.S. consumers and businesses—not China—are paying 'approximately 100%' of Trump's tariffs  …
China spent a record 726 billion yuan ($104.46 billion) on water conservation projects in 2019. The country started the construction of 23 key water conservation projects  over 90 percent of the annual investment plan, the Ministry of Water Resources said on Thur 
Claims of ‘fake news’ over Hong Kong police conduct should be backed by facts  … #HongKong #China #antielab #antiELABhk #HongKongProtests
Marianne Williamson Suspends Her Presidential Campaign—Say it isn’t so @marwilliamson! How will love & peace ever find a way? How will #China ever get to hold more of our debt for those #Reparations you promised? Did our #Iran win, end  @BreitbartNews
What all this is really about: “Oh you’re Chinese diaspora? I bet you can’t pass native Chinese though, and your failure or refusal to do so disqualifies you from having a view on China worth considering.”  …
The FBI arrested two Chinese nationals this week for illegally photographing a #USNavy base in Florida. It was the second #Chinese surveillance operation uncovered in less than two weeks. What are the Chinese so interested in? Our episode with @klonkitchen on China. 
Much of those dollars to US farmers are going to make up for agricultural sales they lost to China because of @realDonaldTrump’s tariffs, tariffs which by the way were paid by American consumers, not China. Question is now whether US farmers will win back those markets.  …
Shifting from China to US US to finance Indonesia’s multibillion development projects  …
Swedish scholar Johanna Malm is one of the world's leading researchers on China-DRC relations & she now joins the growing number of experts who refute the still widely-held China "debt trap" narrative. "Chinese financiers want their money back," she said.  …
China eliminates school dropouts for financial reasons 
Time to level the cyber battlefield. Active cyber defense shld be a part of the solution set. #Iran #CyberSecurity #ACDC #China too  …
India cannot lower its guard against China despite the apparent bonhomie at summits, conferences and on bilateral meetings  …
the way literally only c-rubies voted on here,no organized voting, nothing! and we got so many votes from the gp+won makes me beyond happy; her organic fame in china is continously growing and we LOVE to see it  …
“Beijing’s primary strategy in the South China Sea is to use civilian and paramilitary pressure to coerce its Southeast Asian neighbors into abandoning their rights.”  …
Mahatir's Malaysia, China and Turkey supported Pakistan at the FATF before anyone else did. Accepting KL summit invitation despite FO's indication of consequences by KSA and UAE and later declining it was embarassing. And Pakistan played smart by leaking the info to Erdogan.  …
While the Duterte government refuses to invoke the Philippines' legal victory in the South China Sea arbitration, Southeast Asian neighbor Indonesia has successfully defended its sovereignty against China.  #SouthChinaSea #WestPhilippineSea
Special edition Cambodia under Japanese occupation + China (1889-1912) = Cambodia under Japanese China: 
“Exports hit by retaliatory tariffs from China fell by 23% in the 12 months ended  with 2017, before the tariffs began, the analysis showed. Even when retaliatory tariffs have ended, those exports haven't bounced back.”  …
Genome sequence of the new coronavirus associated with a pneumonia cluster in Wuhan, China:  …
One patient died of unknown viral pneumonia and seven remain in serious condition amid the recent pneumonia outbreak in central China's Wuhan, local health authority said on Saturday. 
. @RepChrisSmith has been tracking human rights abuses for about as long as anyone in Congress -- and even he's never seen anything like what's happening in China. @CECCgov #China  …
#UPDATE The vote will reverberate far beyond Taiwan's borders, with the two main candidates laying out very different visions for its future -- in particular how close the self-ruled island should be with China 
One of the largest  platforms in China ran a  in which a man introduces his male partner to his family on the Chinese New Year.  …
Historically, it was referred to as the Near East, and included Greece, Anatolia, the Caucasian Mountains Region, and the Levant. It was, in fact, Anglo and American journalism which confused it with the Middle East (India). The Far East (China, Japan, etc)
From the Editorial Board: China calls them "kindness students." They’re actually victims of cultural genocide. 
let's steal this idea from china please  …
Sultan Qaboos of Oman passes away. He offered to develop Gawadar port in 1993. However there was strong resistance by NS and others. The project had to be dropped. 25 years later we are happy about China in Gawadar.
MARK YOUR CALENDAR, SET YOUR DVR, FOR 8 PM EASTERN ON SUNDAY. MY GUEST ON LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN IS SEN TOM COTTON. FOR A FULL HOUR, WE WILL DISCUSS IRAN, THE TRUMP DOCTRINE, IMPEACHMENT, AND CHINA. DON'T FORGET, 8 PM EASTERN THIS SUNDAY ON FOX!
#Breaking Sultan #Qaboos has died. Big challenge for #Oman. Serious implications for the #Gulf (and for #China)
Lisa opened weibo account trending #1 on weibo now oh my..big account doing God work promoting our lisa ..she's well loved in china #LISA #LALISA 
China is inching closer and closer to  the #1 box office in the world--in 2019 the Middle Kingdom increased 5.4% to $9.25B, while the North American box office slipped -4.1% to $11.4B.
The NY Times has found the real casualty of Trump’s assault on Iran: The US propaganda war against China  …
[ #LisaGOmedia] → #LISA is trending on Weibo China at #1 because her official Weibo account went public! This is Lisa's 2nd #1 & 5th time trending on Weibo in 2020 (11 days in). #lalisa #blackpink #리사 #블랙핑크 #リサ #ラリサ #ลิซ่า #lisakarma  
Three women guilty of Witchcraft, 1922, China 
#BREAKING Polls open for Taiwan election dominated by China ties 
#China is stepping up its nuclear missile development with a test of a weapon capable of hitting #US mainland The Chinese navy tested the JL-3 Julang ("Big Wave") missile — which it ultimately intends to pair with its next-generation nuclear  …
"China" has now more than 1 BILLION views on YouTube. This is Karol's first video to achieve this milestone. Congrats to them all! 
Please pray for the safety and security of "Grandma Wong," after being detained for a month in China for her part in the HK protest movement! #HongKongers #Hero @FreedomHKG @hk_watch @Stand_with_HK @Fight4HongKong @BeWaterHKG @SolomonYue #HongKong  …
Let this sink in: Americans have paid an extra $46 billion in tariffs since the start of the China trade war. 
Religious persecution in China has increased rapidly over the past year, despite the deal struck between China and the Vatican in 2018. @LifeSite The @CECCgov's report recognized the rise in persecution of Catholics in China:   …
ALPHABET SOUP 2!!!!! this time around the words i chose were: -8 bit -Bowling -Poker -Sesh -the word China but “how Donald Trump says it” this was by far the most fun one to make yet!!!! smash that fuckin RT!!!!! 
On @LouDobbs at 7:20 ET to talk about #China, #HongKong, and #Taiwan. So far, Beijing has not had a good year. And things are about to get worse for 
William Barr: There’s Bipartisan Support For Reauthorizing the Fentanyl Ban But House Leadership is Blocking the Measure If Congress Fails To Act, Illegal Labs In Mexico and China Stand Ready To Flood The US Market With Deadly Poison  …
the "China is murdering Uygurs" thing is 100% an American ploy to save face after the UN condemned ICE for migrant internment & family separations at the US-Mexico border
I want all of the year of the rat merch The Starbucks mugs look so cute, I should have booked a strategic holiday to China with an empty suitcase 
In-depth: “As China gears up to host the 2022 #WinterOlympics, the country continues to face accusations of horrific human rights abuses against its #Uighur #Muslim minority“ writes Narjas  …
China’s experience with the SARS epidemic and what appears to be a less virulent virus have helped Beijing in containing the threat of a new viral outbreak 
My climate change protester friend wanted me to know it’s the fault of the “rich” countries (America). How bout China? Ummmm. I don’t know. 
Here’s your reminder that Trump has asked 3 foreign countries — Russia, Ukraine and China — to interfere in U.S. elections. In the case of Ukraine, he illegally used U.S. taxpayer funds to try to extort our ally Ukraine into smearing political rival Joe Biden. #ImpeachAndRemove
Yet another watercolour of lettuce vine tomatoes and knife on a china plate. 10×8 inches. HP watercolour board. 
Taiwan votes for a new leader & parliament today, something people in China, Hong Kong and Macau are not allowed to do. Here's our @AFP piece on last night's huge final rallies, ending a campaign dominated once more by Taiwan's relationship with China.  …
Jiuzhaigou is located in north of Sichuan Province, China. It was inscribed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site in 1992 and a World Biosphere Reserve in 1997. Jiuzhaigou National Park was closed due to the earthquake in 2017. The park opened again on Sept. 27, 2019. 
The Stone Forest is located in Shilin County, 120KM southeast to Kunming, Yunnan Province of China. According to geologists Stone Forest is a typical example of karsts topography. It formed approximately 270 million years ago. It is one of the most important attractions of Yunnan 
The Anjihai Grand Canyon, also known as the Hongshan Grand Canyon, sits at the northern foot of the Tianshan Mountains in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. It is an impressive natural  of steep cliffs, jagged rocks, and vibrantly colored stones. 
China is so worried about the #ClimateCrisis that they are building hundreds of new coal fired power 
The City Wall in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, is the  city wall that has survived in China. It is one of the largest ancient military defensive systems in the world. It was built in 1370 of Ming Dynasty (1368 - 1644). It has 13.7 km in length with a moat surrounding it. 
Stunning aerial view of one of the most intact ancient cities, Pingyao, in N China's Shanxi 
The giant panda lives in a few mountain ranges in central China, mainly in Sichuan, but also in neighbouring Shaanxi and Gansu. While the dragon has often served as China's national symbol, internationally the giant panda has often filled this role. 
terrorist China dares to give free training to Muslims so they have to toil for better life. SaviorUS is the champion of Muslim rights who speed up Muslim journey to the heavenly afterlife. Listen to the Yemen psalms to you, US! 
Trump on this date January 10 in 2019: "And I find China, frankly, in way ways to be far more honorable than Cryin' Chuck and Nancy. I really do." 
Unfortunately, the legal prohibitions on the various forms of fentanyl expire next month unless Congress reauthorizes them. If Congress fails to act, illegal labs in Mexico & China stand ready to flood the US with what would be a legalized poison. -AG Barr  …
Fine China will always be that bitch  …
China has 350 million smokers - meaning the Chinese smoking population is higher than the entire population of the United States.
Sobering and convincing @GregPoling analysis of the strategic value of China’s artificial bases in the Spratlys - more than just enablers for low-end coercion:  …
5G·CHINA: What does the future of 5G hold for the automotive industry? Take a ride into the future with 5G at this year's 
China's crackdown on Uighur Muslims shows how President Xi is "building the world's most sophisticated surveillance regime" at the expense of democracy & free expression. Why is the U.N. Human Rights Council silent?  …
Those who took real risks to support Trump when it counted (during the 2016 primary), against a field of donor-controlled hacks, know the following: The America First movement is AGAINST handing over the 21st Century to China with another DUMB war in the middle-east.
Following a report by @Axios, Congress is asking the World Bank to clarify why it told Taiwan nationals to present Chinese travel documents to continue working at the institution. China has long sought to squeeze Taiwan from the   …
President Xi Jinping presented China's top science award on Friday to Huang Xuhua, the chief designer of China's first-generation nuclear submarines, and Zeng Qingcun, a famous meteorologist. #XiJinping
China’s Central Bank said  top-level design, standard formulation, functional research & development of it's Digital Currency Head of the Digital Currency Research Institute said the next steps are principles of stability, security & control  …
THIS WEEK —Iran fallout —737 crash —US/Iraq —Impeachment moves —Witnesses —Bolton willing —S. Collins —War powers —Russia/Biden —POLLS —Biden FP —Warren BKLYN —Marianne —DJT/Toledo —China trade —Travel bans? —SuperBowl ad war —Clinton probe ends —145K jobs —RIP Neil Peart
It is an emotionally beautiful thing to see what an advanced socialist country like China has been able to do up close. Confidence is in the air. Infrastructure is prestige. Political debate lively. Don’t believe Western media lies about #China and #socialism.
Taiwan's elections tomorrow are a critical moment in the fight for freedom for all of us Read this article I wrote last June #Taiwan #HongKong #StandwithHK As Taiwan stands up to big brother China, it deserves the world's support  … via @hongkongfp
. @Anuel_2bleA, @daddy_yankee, @karolg, @Ozuna_Pr and @JBALVIN's "China" has now surpassed 1 billion views on YouTube.
LOL Trumpian word salad. He doesn't know what cyber warfare even means. World leader in cyber warfare capability: China. BY FAR. Number 2: Russia. (huge gap to number 3) Number 3: South Korea. Number 4: Israel. Number 5: North Korea. Number 7 Japan. Number 8 Iran. Then USA
5/ If we don't do this (moving to a system like the "bancor" system Keynes proposed at Bretton Woods), China will continue to use the current system against us, borrowing USDs to buy up finite real assets at massive discounts to true value, & ultimately handily defeat the US.
Wisconsin lost 818 dairies in 2019 as farmers across the country suffer from Trump's trade war with China 
So 56 million people (US citizens) personal information is free for anyone to search in China Names, addresses, phone numbers etc etc This is why #Chinese technology 5G should NOT be allowed Data harvesting for there own agenda  …
#Iran is killing Americans. #China is buying metals and hydrocarbons from #Iran, sometimes surreptitiously. The inescapable conclusion: China is funding the killing of Americans.
Josh McDaniels and his wife still in Berea (I  chicken with garlic sauce from China House; they deliver while you sit around), but no "firm decision" expected today, according to Ian Rapoport of NFL Network. #Browns are quiet for the moment. Things can change quickly.
A new report out shows a strong likelihood that  crimes against humanity in the Xinjiang region, where religious minorities have been held and tortured in internment camps.
US theme park operator @SixFlags raised the possibility of terminating all of its projects under construction in #China due to the growing debt problems of its local partner, sending its shares down 16%.  …
News AnalysisA new report argues that #China is being forced to go all-in for a “Digital Yuan” after the percentage of trade cleared in its own #Currency has been cut in half since  …
The People's Bank of China said several important processes in the development of the digital yuan were  
After sending a letter to @WhiteHouse expressing need to win the race to 5G and ensuring we have people in place to get there, I’m glad to see they're moving in the right direction naming a 5G czar. To beat China to 5G we need a focused White House lead. 
"Six months of protests in Hong Kong have only amplified the significance of Taiwan as an autonomous political entity holding out in the face of China’s authoritarianism." | @natashaskassam and 
2016 redux, but with Trump at the helm, the same person who asked at least Russia, Ukraine & China for help winning elections in the past. Russia is on Trump’s side, again. You’d think people might question whether Putin’s pick is the best choice for our country.  …
The Costs of China’s Belt and Road Expansion  …
A dentist and her daughter from my small hometown in Canada were on that flight. Trump started this shit, he escalated it, he doesn't know how to de escalate situations, he is like a bull in a china shop and just acts without thinking. Killing the General did not solve anything
"India with its ancient-civilisational and modern-Gandhian heritage should have been framing the democratic response... A confident, egalitarian-minded India would also have been leading the discourse .. and challenging China" A friend of India writes.  …
...cases, like the USSR or Japan, we will have no reason to assume that this time will be any different, nor any ability to engineer a better adjustment. But while there is now a ferocious debate (not always in the open) among Chinese economist about China’s prospects, and a...
...seems, prefer to assume straight-line or additive trends. While the fact that this story has always ended the same way in the past doesn’t mean it must end the same way in the case of China, I teach my PKU students that if we don’t understand why it went wrong in previous...
China's Geely in talks to take stake in Aston Martin: FT  
China says that the "top-level" design of its digital currency  Meanwhile, crypto co's are fleeing Europe to avoid AMLD5, the NYFDS gets MORE teeth & Illinois recognizes blockchain contracts. The game of coins heats up on The Breakdown.  …
This Sunday on Full Measure: when the government plays "I Spy," a game of Chinese checkers, and a look at why soldiers miss war. #china #surveillance #fullmeasurenews 
Zheng He (1371-1433) was a great Chinese navigator.  7 voyages to around 30 countries in western Pacific & Indian Ocean. Zheng’s fleet paid 4 visits to Mombasa, enhancing mutual understanding between China & Kenya. There’s a statue of Zheng He in Mombasa. 
There can't be witnesses at Trump's trial, because he is guilty. How do I know? Because Trump admitted on camera he did it, and then called on China to investigate Biden. Several days later Mick Mulvaney went on live TV and admitted they do it all the time.  …
@IlhanMN: "My PTSD is triggered when I hear conversations about war." Claims of PTSD by @IlhanMN on the following wars: Syria: 0 Libya: 0 Venezuela: 0 Russia: 0 China: 0 Iraq: 0 Pakistan: 0 Turkey: 0 Have we reached the point where mental health is being politicized?
Analysis: Donald Trump's erratic foreign policy has been alienating allies, pushing them closer to the more stable regimes of Russia and China 
Finished this one today. It’s a larger version of one I made a couple of years ago. This is 24x24”. My trip to China is still paying dividends. 
The group with the highest album sales in  and the most streamed Korean artist in Mainland China in 2019... Seriously, who’s doing it like EXO? #EXO #엑소 
When NCT dropped the NCT C teaser pic and we all thought it's NCT China  …
Russia & China must not again veto the @UN resolution to maintain cross border humanitarian assistance in Syria. Over 3M people rely on cross border aid for food and life-saving medicine that  to a halt at midnight unless the UN Security Council  to an agreement.
“The threat is not Russia. The threat is the kleptocratic authoritarian regime of Vladimir Putin.”- @vkaramurza gives his opening statement for #stateoftheworld2020’s penultimate panel “The China-Russia Threat”. Tune in here:  
“Corbyn and his circle find it impossible to support the Hong Kong protestors with any conviction because ... they see Hong Kong as an emblem of a kind of capitalism they deplore, whereas at a deep level their sympathies lie more with ‘Communist’ China.”  …
Today’s need to know with @Bob_Iaccino: China/U.S. signing of Phase 1 deal Bank earnings Key global economic data released
WHO advice for international travel and trade in relation to the outbreak of pneumonia caused by a new #coronavirus in Wuhan, #China  
China’s covert, corrupting, & coercive political influence activities in NZ are at a critical level. NZG must develop a resilience strategy, make legislative changes, & partner with other affected states Re-upping my 2017 policy advice for Coalition govt  
#TrumpFearsBernie Trump would love to again pretend to fight for the working class by calling out Biden's record on NAFTA, Bankruptcy bill, PNTR with China, Iraq War etc While he himself escalates war, passes huge tax cuts, cuts corporate regulations With Bernie, he cannot
"I use ONLY Iraqi products, nothing foreign in my WHOLE house. The last foreign product I used was the morning prayer alarm yesterday, I read Made in China. I BROKE it, and bought an Iraqi rooster that wakes me up every morning" 
Another #Mosque destroyed in #China The famous 'Floating Mosque' next to the Yellow River in Lanzhou has been demolished by the #Chinese 
This week, the @CECCgov released its 2019 Annual Report on human rights and the rule of law in #China. It can be found at  . Here is my statement on the findings of the 
A  expert at Goldman Sachs has raised doubts over China buying at least $40 billion worth of U.S. farming goods to satisfy terms of the “phase one” trade deal. 
#EastTurkestan is rich in natural & mineral resources which #China exploits to its benefit. This is one of the reasons for the colonization & #genocide in #EastTurkistan. As a result, the Chinese population in #EastTurkestan grew from less than 5% in 1949 to over 45%  …
Today, Treas Sec Mnuchin said #China is not a big buyer of #Iran's oil and Chinese  are not buying any such oil:  . Well, Chinese tankers linked to a state  have recently been turning off their trackers to hide Iran oil cargoes.
[Recap] ‘Inside the big cage’: Hong Kong protester ‘Grandma Wong’ reportedly awaiting trial in Shenzhen  … #HongKong #China #antielab #antiELABhk 
Okay but something that needs to be addressed is that white is the color you wear at funerals in China so basically Lan WangJi is the Chinese version of a goth. #CQL #TheUntamed #MDZS
Despite 19 years of bombing and sanctioning and tariffing to protect vital US interests, China has quietly replaced US as major influence in key parts of the globe.  
There is no behavior more “authoritarian” than this, but you’ll never hear the corporate media say so because that characterization is reserved only for The Bad Guys™ like Iran, Venezuela, Syria, China, etc.  …
US Army to send task force to Pacific for cyber, missile operations to counter China 
So. The China phase 1…deal…will be signed next week, we’re told. (Even though we haven’t seen the actual language yet.) But it’s been a long, strange trip. Hit us ( @Marketplace, too) up with your trade war questions/thoughts; we’ll answer as many as we can.
Our wish for Jennie in 2020 is to have more opportunities to showcase her talent and to be able to promote on television shows in Asia; here in China there's unanimous approval of jennie on Michuri 
China condemns all types of terrorism. Chinese people's hearts are with Pakistan people. #Antiterrorism @MoIB_Official @ForeignOfficePk  …
China doing a "wee bit" of expansion. 
Mr. @Almagro_OEA2015 , these are the agreements that against the will of the US, @sebastianpinera signed with Huawei. You cannot validate who favors China and  @WHNSC @USAmbOAS @SecPompeo @labbielady @PressSec @EmbajadaEEUUcl Evidence:  … 
Made in #China, do you know what else is made in China? Mass rape, concentration camps, murder, child abduction and banning Islamic practices are only some of the terrible crimes that #China  against #Uyghur Muslims in #EastTurkestan. #Uyghurs #Islam 
Not the plight of minority Indians, not that of the minority in China, not those being killed by Saudi/US in Yemen, not Palestinians but the rights of LGBTQ  …
There are different levels of lying. When they lie about "imminent threat," they allege classified info as a cover. When he lies about the inauguration crowd, it's pure pathology. When he says "China has paid us billions in tariffs," they are using the pure ignorance of the base.
Trump who campaigned on how easy it would be to "fix our trade deficit" with China. That he could do it "so fast." Now he's saying that he wants to wait until AFTER the election to finalize the shitty deal that he has already agreed to. 
3. The Pentagon has reportedly conducted 17 war games that China won and the US lost. We cannot accept that. We have no illusions about who our enemies are. We're asking whether the administration is focused on the right threat at the right time.
2. This is about the best use of American power. The admin seems to think risking a third long war in the Middle East is in our interest. I'd  they read @eosnos' reporting on how China takes advantage of us when we make decisions like this:  …
PAY ATTENTION, AMERICA! Americans are paying nearly 100% of the cost for Trump’s calamitous trade war w/ China American businesses & consumers are paying approx. 100% of Trump tariff costs Add to it: In 2019, Trump lied over 100 x about China & tariffs  …
BTS Main Vocalist - he deserves all industrial-recognized, professional-recognized talents and praise. Our world super star will shine in the darkest sky. We can still see you and hear you no matter where you are #Jungkook #정국 #JK 
“Introducing VeChain’s #Drug and #Vaccine Traceability Solution” by #VeChain Foundation  China has required  of a national vaccine tracking system before March31, 2020  … #Connect some $VET dots $XRP $OCE $BTC 
We call on the @ADB_HQ to retract its loans for #China’s “Developmental Projects” in #EastTurkistan (so-called “ #Xinjiang”). We urge #ADB to uphold business ethics by ceasing business activities with an evil regime that is holding millions of people in 
South Africa imported 54 180 tonnes of PASTA in 2018, up by 10% from the previous year. Here are the leading suppliers by share: Italy: 20% Namibia: 16% Lithuania: 14% Latvia: 12% China: 11% Others: 27% (Data source: @ITCnews)
China? Soviet Union? Cuba? No. Connecticut has "rehabilitation" programs for people who say things of which someone doesn't approve. Dear @ACLU, remember when you used to take on this sort of case? I  …
We have a special surprise announcement before the jam starts: Our winning game will score a free exhibition space in a Touhou-only event in China! And other games' teams will have the opportunity to purchase exhibition space there. We're super grateful for this opportunity!  …
Idlib today faces a humanitarian catastrophe, perhaps the largest ever if Russia & China block the decision to deliver humanitarian aid to #Syria again. The head of the White Helmets along with 18 civil society organizations in Syria warns today during the conference in 
If you don't yet, follow . @AuschwitzMuseum. If the senseless murder of millions of children in the Holocaust hurts your soul, learn from them about genocides happening now, today: Myanmar, China, Yemen, Syria. Learn to stop the past from  the present. Never again is now  …
"Appeasing China will not bring peace" 
An excellent play by China! Watch the Youth Olympics  LIVE:  @Lausanne2020 @youtholympics 
A mysterious outbreak of pneumonia in China has been preliminarily pegged to a new cornoavirus — the same family behind  cold and SARS — according to the WHO. What we know so far in my latest for  …
US markets have been performing well. The US President can openly say the best is yet  Interesting. Chinese govt dare not do so, as this way if market slumps, investors would ask govt  them. This reflects different national conditions of China and the US.  …
“What we’re doing are things that masquerade as a strategy but, in fact, amount to just kicking them in the balls,” a former C.I.A. analyst said, of the U.S.’s relationship with China. 
More and more Salvadoran students want to study in China and now many of them will have their  true. Salvadoran gov’t & the Chinese embassy have issued official call for 2020 scholarships to educational institutions across the Central American country. 
They can threaten what they like, & we can ignore them, just as we wld if China or Japan made such threats.  …
Joe Biden , Nancy Pelosi , John Kerry and Mitt Romney should all be ecstatic over @realDonaldTrump's booming Economy and Stock Market. Maybe now their children can find jobs in America instead of Ukraine or China.
Imposing #Aquaman sculpture scale 1:2 by Queen Studios Available in China on the 12th January 
Once again, China is trying to spread its Communist influence at the expense of democracy, running a massive misinformation campaign in an attempt to influence Taiwan’s national election on January 11.  …
Mark this Not #CDS but its Dept of Military Affairs that is the greatest revolution for #IndianArmy For yrs @adgpi lamented Babudom & an MoD callous to Nat security.. Only Gen #BipinRawat cud hav achieved such a charter. Pak & China are watching.. It will evolve tremendously!  …
One of the most significant take-aways for me in today's set of USDA reports was the increase in #corn feed usage to 5.525 billion bushels. The domestic demand base is solid. Now we need to see what China will do. #oatt
China to establish 50 vocational centres in Pakistan to  poverty: Shafqat Mehmood - Associated Press Of Pakistan  …
Sanxingdui bronze heads with gold foil masks. #Sanxingdui was a Bronze Age culture of #China, 12th-11th c. BC. #AncientArt 
Lisa created a weibo account and she’s finally gonna see her impact in china
OnePlus promises to unveil new "screen technology" next week at China event  
A victory for china without firing a shot as the Obama administration watched...  …
Guys please learn how to read terms and conditions. My friend won a trip to china, now he is out there trying to win a trip back. #AFRONOVA
Wrong. As @superwuster & @jacklgoldsmith wrote in 2006, cyberspace isn't "borderless," at least not anymore. Try telling that to someone behind China's Great Firewall or a critic of the Thai monarchy. It has "fuzzy borders" - strong in some places, non-existent in others  …
The Economist denounces China's "apartheid-like system" in Xinjiang, where Han Chinese live in privileged enclaves while Uighur and other Turkic Muslims face mass detention, intrusive surveillance, and police control. 
Yes, Taiwan is the legitimate China & President @iingwen is the legitimate President. Emperor Pooh's China is the New Evil Empire & a threat to freedom & democracy.  …
#OTD in 1984 #PresidentReagan and #NancyReagan await the arrival of Premier Zhao Ziyang of China at the White House Diplomatic Entrance. 
News Analysis #Indonesia is retaliating against #China’s use of tens of thousands of “Little Blue Men” to harass #SouthChinaSea traffic by enlisting its own fishing fleet as a maritime militia.  …
1A. … an unchecked China (stealing US intellectual property and technology), a special counsel investigation perpetrated based on a Russian hoax, the disaster of Obamacare, wide-open borders, the rise of ISIS, the failed state of Libya, a Syrian civil war, ….
Indonesia asks Japan to invest in islands disputed by China -  … #OANN 
anyway useless account. not a single post about lisa press conference, lisa x nylon china 
Seen this, @BorisJohnson? The majority couldn't care less about "woke" issues like climate change when plastic pollution is untackled & China burns billions of tonnes of coal...  …
she probably opened it so that she can freely post in china without getting backlash from posting on ig, smart cookie
What a thrilling experience to drive on this mountain road with 13 sharp turns along the Aizhai Highway in C China’s Hunan. 
how victoria pose for korea media VS china media 
Billie will perform in Shanghai, China as part of the "WHERE DO WE GO?" world tour on August 25 at the Mercedes-Benz cultural center. The show has been approved by Shanghai’s culture and tourism board and Billie is allowed to bring 27 people (including herself) to the show 
I usually agree with Matt Gaetz, but not this time. @POTUS isn’t dragging us into a War, “some people” already have. There R Iranians (Muslims), Nazi’s, China organ harvesting supporters IN CONGRESS, changing the RULES as they go along. Support the Constitution, not Resolution! 
Iraq's Prime Minister said: "After my return from China, Trump called me and asked me to cancel the agreement, so I still refused, and he threatened me with massive demonstrations that would topple me. ..."   …
Check out the Yixing ad on the boat for "Daniel Wellington China Cruise Annual Party 2020" @itisDW @layzhang @lay_studio #Lay 
Andrew Yang: China is investing tens of billions in technology China: Yup!  …
To date, over 4,300 deaths of #FalunGong practitioners have been confirmed in #China. The actual number is estimated to be much higher due to the difficulty of obtaining and verifying sensitive information from China.  …
In #Beijing, @DEAHQ Acting Administrator Dhillon met with Chinese counterparts to express gratitude for #China scheduling fentanyl as a class and to further strengthen our international cooperation on drug law enforcement. 
A grand kick off for the "Year of China-Indian Cultural and People-to-People Exchange”. Happy Chinese New Year! 
In this stirring and stark image by @TheLifeOfMarcus, a giant panda sits in a breeding centre in Shaanxi, China. Would you like to vote for this image to win the @LumixUK #WPYPeopleChoice Award? Browse 25 powerful pictures and vote for your favourite:  
If you start brainwashing your kids that they are going to be in the army before they can stop shitting their diaper it isn't really voluntary. That kid is being programmed just as effectively as any kid in china.
Here are a few hints to  growth: stop buying and using drugs; stop taking out college loans; stop buying designer products made in China/India AND get a freaking JOB.
New Battleground for the U.S. and China 18 small islands between Iceland and Norway, 50,000 resident in recent weeks, the Faroe Islands have turned into a new and unlikely battleground in the technological Cold War between the US and China  …
China threat looms over presidential election in Taiwan  …
#Bahrain’s Council of Representatives recently issued a statement of concern about the treatment of #Uighur Muslims in China. USCIRF urges other @OIC_OCI members to follow suit and speak out on behalf of #religiousfreedom in China.  …
China's Chen Yudong skates his way to fourth place. Watch the final group of the men's short program LIVE:  @youtholympics 
Tesla gets 30% price target boost as analyst ponders 650k annual sales in China alone  …
"Joe Biden [in 2000] dismissing with a sneer said, 'Nor do I see a collapse of the American manufacturing economy, as China, a nation with the impact on the world economy about the size of the Netherlands, suddenly  our major   …
It used to be called the "near East," but that usage was replaced by "middle." It is meant to distinguish it from the "far east" (China etc) and South-East Asia. It's of course confused because we call India, Pakistan etc South-Asia. Honestly its an Eurocentric mess.
#BREAKING: Full sanctions list: Main target: 1- Iran’s largest steel, copper, aluminium and iron manufacturers who collectively generate billions of dollars annually 2- 17 Iranian metals producers and  three China & Seychelles based entities & 1 vessel 
I asked @stevenmnuchin1 whether these Iran sanctions will have any impact on the Phase One China deal or the negotiations for Phase Two. China had been one of the top importers of Iranian oil and required a waiver under previous sanctions.
I knew Mnuchin was lying and looked it up. 65 percent of crude oil purchased by China is purchased FROM IRAN.  …
Maybe HongKongers were once cattle, but now they are fierce, fighting #China with all they got. #HongKong  …
“In order to beat China in a global economy and ensure America remains the best place in the world to innovate, we must win the 5G race.” The House passed a package of bills designed to give the US an advantage over #China in the race to employ  …
Host country China unveiled the logo for the 2020 UN Biodiversity Conference yesterday. #COP15 takes place this October under the theme “Ecological Civilization: Building a Shared Future for All Life on Earth”.  …
How AI (and mushrooms) are helping fight poverty in China's most remote villages  
Happiness is having Mom's handmade food - Kazakh nan, Xinjiang China 
Just the latest in a long history of mis-management of the development of China's C919. There's very little chance of China taking advantage of Boeing's recent missteps. 
Dubbed the world's first smart high-speed railway, a new line in China can run up to 350 kilometers per hour (217 mph) without a driver 
The U.S. economy continued growing in December! We added 145,000 jobs and the unemployment rate stayed at 3.5%, matching a 50-year low. With  soon, and phase one of the agreement with China being signed next week, the future is bright!  …
Ambassador of China Mr. Yao Jing appreciated Government of Pakistan’s efforts to fast track the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor projects. 
What #China is doing in #EastTurkistan (so-called " #Xinjiang") is clearly colonialism & #genocide. We again urge the US Congress & the US Government @StateDept to recognize China's crimes against humanity as a genocide. We also urge the US Senate to urgently pass the  …
Taiwan's elections offer a cautionary tale to the US & other democracies in China's sights: “In Taiwan, China's multi-pronged campaign to sway voter behavior demonstrates Beijing's growing ability to challenge the foundations of democratic governance.”  …
190922 More Salty Tour filming in China 
For the sake  -- conservatives are supporting borrowing money from China to pay welfare handouts to buy the votes of farmers hurt by a trade war with...China.
Every single track from ‘Rare’ is in the top 100 of China Apple Music 
Did you sell your $BTC into the Great Wall of China?  …
All five have their Baylor degrees and are playing professionally. Al Freeman is in China @Moneymot5 with @LAClippers @Wainright24 is in Germany  is in Spain Jo Lual-Acuil is in Australia #SicEm | #1TGF  …
"Xi Jinping has lost mainland China's periphery—both Hong Kong and Taiwan—for good." My take on Hong Kong-Beijing and cross-straits relations in the Nov/Dec 2019 issue of the German-language IP Journal of the German Council for Foreign Relations @dgapev 
Congratulations to Sir Martyn Poliakoff on receiving the People's Republic of China International Science and Technology Cooperation Award - the only UK recipient of this prestigious award. @NottsChemistry @UoNScience #UoNGlobal 
Now, Nepal has deported 122 Chinese nationals, who were arrested on suspicion of engaging in "cyber and financial" crime. Earlier, In November 2019: Nepal Govt's report said that China encroached on 36 hectares of Nepalese land, nearly the size of 26 football fields.
Russia and China’s callous use of their veto power to stop the renewal of a UN resolution which expires today, will leave millions of civilians in northern Syria cut off from lifesaving aid  …
How AI (and mushrooms) are helping fight poverty in China's most remote villages 
#NEW Speaking to reporters at the White House, Economic Adviser Larry Kudlow says  text of the Phase One China trade deal will be released to the public on Wednesday January 15th
#HappeningNow on @OANN: Larry Kudlow discusses U.S.- China trade negations -- TUNE IN for live coverage! #OANN
Muslims are still being put into camps in China, Australia & the Amazon are both still on fire, etc..people can talk ab whatever they want, but the fact that there are so many horrific things going on in the world & people rather talk about a fucking fridge says a lot about us...  …
Pakistan and China on Monday launched a major drill in the North Arabian Sea with an aim to increase inter-operability and strategic cooperation between their two navies. 
We continue to see a strong economy- looking forward to seeing the positive affects of the #USMCA and U.S.-China Trade Deals!  …
China’s central bank  top-layer design and joint testings for  digital currency  …
"This effectively means that China is fiscally unable to underwrite massive infrastructure projects and so any new world-economy-saving stimulus from China, as in 2015/2016, will be practically impossible" Must read by @mtmalinen Read also previous  …
China’s central bank says it  ‘top-level’ design of digital currency  …
Under the agreement you signed with China on November 12, 2014, they are building hundreds of new coal fired power plants this decade - which will lead to a massive increase in CO2 emissions. Virtue signaling by Alice Mahar will not make any difference. 
Great piece from @BethanyAllenEbr: “In Taiwan, China's multi-pronged campaign to sway voter behavior demonstrates Beijing's growing ability to challenge the foundations of democratic governance.”  …
Blood Pheasant Smallish (46cm) partridge-like pheasant with long lanceolate feathers, floppy crest and scarlet skin on face, scarlet legs and red in wing and tail.This photo was shot in Tibet, China, in February 2019. 
[CHN/ENG Sub]20200108 NineEntertain Interview Krist Singto already prepared surprises, going to China for fan meeting again.  … #ทีมพีรญา #SingtoKrist #KristPerawat #SingtoPrachaya
Driverless Facial recognition 5G Ready for a ride on China’s new high-speed train which connects Beijing and #Beijing2022 co-host city Zhangjiakou? 
The world has to be concerned that there will be 3 billion trips in #China during the Lunar New Year holiday while the mysterious #WuhanPneumonia is continuing to spread. #WuhanCluster #Wuhan
Jackson?! Got7 Jackson?! I knew that Jackson has high popularity in China but to be with JJ Lin like this... Wow, he's on this level? I didn't know that he could rap this well, he's really cool 
Great honour for Pakistan. Professor Dr. Atta Ur Rahman conferred the International Scientific & Technological Cooperation by China at a ceremony held at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing today. 
China is taking its ideological fight abroad  …
miyeon and minnie  yuqi at the airport when she flies back from china  …
With Pakistan-China conducting a major naval exercise in northern Arabian Sea, India too has deployed its aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya to send a clear strategic signal to its neighbours about its operational readiness  capability!  …
Rice maker, Japan. Blender, USA. The big surprise so far from this whole exercise is discovering how much I already own that is not from China. The Uyghur hat is behind some repair walls, so it'll take me a week or two. #BoycottChina #ABC_challenge 
The signing of the Phase One #China #trade deal will be delayed until "shortly after Jan 25"? This sounds like a last-minute disagreement. If so, I really like the sound of this. This deal, as described in the USTR Fact Sheet, is not in our  …
When China opened, the first investors came from Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore and the Chinese diaspora in South East Asia. Never joke with the Chinese Diaspora. Of course, there's the Indian Diaspora too.
If the IOC was concerned about integrity for the Olympic games, they never would have allowed China to host the 2022 Winter Olympics! #HongKong @FreedomHKG @hk_watch @Stand_with_HK @BeWaterHKG @Fight4HongKong @hkdc_us #HongKongers  …
KUDLOW SAYS CHINA TRADE DEAL FACT SHEET WILL BE RELEASED JAN.15
U.S. farmers can't sell soybeans to China has created an opportunity for Brazil to sell soybeans to China. As a result, farmers are tearing down the Amazon to grow soybeans.” As smoke poured into Sao Paulo, Brazil, the fires raging across the Amazon sparked international outrage.  …
Californians flew across the Pacific to cast their votes in an election that will determine Taiwan’s relationship to China for the next four years. Many maintain dual citizenship and a deep emotional investment in Taiwan. From @cindychangLA &  …
We must arm #Taiwan to the teeth so that they can deter an invasion, protect their way of life, & maintain their #HumanRights. We’ve seen what’s happened in #EastTurkistan, #Tibet, & #HongKong… if they ever invade Taiwan, #China will do even worse. We cannot let that happen.  …
How serious it is? A mysterious #pneumonia circulating in China does not appear to be easily spreading. However, David Heymann cautions in @TelGlobalHealth "When nothing is known about the way it transmits we should consider it important." 
Dissecting govt. surveillance abuses, China trade, and "Why soldiers miss war"  …
Rural villages in China are undergoing dramatic changes. Liangjiahe village is one of them. It even attracted the visiting Lao Prime Minister Thongloun Sisoulith. 
This is happening. They’re not backing down. The Soleimani killing will accelerate creation of a void in ME that will be filled by Iran, Russia, China and ISIS.  …
“No global power takes blockchain more seriously than China.” Agree or disagree?
The conventional wisdom on China's island bases is dangerously wrong. Given current US posture, they would be prohibitively difficult to neutralize and make the SCS a no-man's land for US forces at the start of a conflict -- My latest for  …
How stable is Mombasa–Nairobi Standard Gauge Railway in Kenya? This is a state-of-art project built with the help from China. I wish Main-Line 1 in Pakistan could be built with the same quality soon. 
It’s also time for a fully independent #EastTurkistan, #Hongkong, and #Tibet. Especially given that #China is engaging in a brutal campaign of #genocide in #EastTurkestan & Tibet, while diminishing Hong Kong’s autonomy & suppressing its  …
China Drops All Camouflage About Its Aggression | SIGNAL Magazine  …
Let's prove "Auntie" wrong and sign a mutual defense treaty with #Taiwan. Free societies must band together against #China.  …
Mombasa–Nairobi Standard Gauge Railway in Kenya is now operating 30 freight trains & 4 passenger trains per day. China Road & Bridge Corporation hired 25,000 Kenyans to work on the railway. 
Mombasa–Nairobi Standard Gauge Railway in Kenya opened a new chapter for connectivity & economic integration in East Africa. It’s a shining example of China-Kenya friendship. 
Horse taming on the snow-covered Ulan Buh grassland in northern China's Inner Mongolia region is a tourist attraction 
G20 countries by govt debt as share of GDP. Japan: 237% Italy: 129% US: 108% France: 96% Brazil: 91% UK: 87% Canada: 85% India: 68% Argentina: 58% South Africa: 57% Germany: 56% China: 54% Mexico: 54% Australia: 41% Korea: 40% Turkey: 34% Indonesia: 30% Saudi: 20% Russia: 15%
#China's "One Country, Two Systems" model, now applied in #HongKong, was originally developed for #Taiwan. What the world has seen in Hong Kong is that Beijing is incapable of honoring  Communists, after all,  …
A member from #國難忠醫 #AntiELAB Chinese Medicine Practitioners group went missing in Guangzhou, China. Thread of important points from #國難忠醫 presser today: #HongKongProtests  …
bro have you seen china  …
Y'ALL!!!! Y'ALL!! YAALLLLL!!! MY WORK PERMIT IS FINALLY READY!!!! I'M GOING BACK TO CHINA!!! this process kicked my ass, as usual but the hard part is over!! 
TOP 5 FASTEST POPULATION GROWING CITIES ◆ Malappuram-India 44% ◆ Can Tho, Vietnam 36.7% ◆ Suquian, China 36.6% ◆ Kozikode, India 34.5% ◆ Abuja, Nigeria 34.2% Malappuram saw its population increase a whopping 44% between 2015 and 2020. THIS IS CALLED POPULATION JIHAD
Ads which cover 96 GS25 convenience stores in Gangnam and Songpa districts of 
1/3..Today I received my brother Hon. Wang Yi, State Councillor and Minister of Foreign Affairs of the People’s Republic of China at the Moi International Airport, Mombasa. We held a meeting on our growing bilateral relationship, regional as well as international cooperation.. 
Meanwhile in China 
A lot has happened in 2019. It was a hard year for Yunho. We appreciate Yunho for his 16 years of hard work and dedication. We put the words we wanted to say to Yunho on the ads. 여태껏 수고했어요(Thank you for your hard work) Always stay with U #유노윤호 #ユノ 
Share of global GDP (PPP) 1980 G7: 51% China: 2.3% India: 2.9% 2018 G7: 30.1% China: 18.7% India: 7.7%
The British flag-waving “grandma” of Hong Kong’s protests says she was detained in China 
There was almost unanimous support in the US House of Representatives for the three bipartisan bills designed to give the United States an advantage over #China in the race to employ 5G. #Huawei #CyberSecurity  …
uniq korea line had a reunion selfie today and uniq china line will meet tmr at same event and i hope they’ll upload a zipai of them tgt too pls pls pls
Another Grandma Wong email. She writes that due to many reasons, including that she is being strictly monitored, she can't explain what’s happened to her the past five months. But she does say this: "My situation and that of others who have been held in China are very similar" 
On China’s internment camps, @SecPompeo rejects the regime’s “terror-fighting” justification.  
Grandma Wong who was often seen in Hong Kong protests swing British flag is detained by China government for charging with “picking quarrels and provoking troubles”. She wrote down, “I can lose, but you must win!” Stay safe, Grandma Wong!  … via @hongkongfp
Fake media keep saying this and yet we have the first era of peace and prosperity in this country since 9/11/2001. China is negotiating. Iran backed down. NAFTA replaced. North Korea has chilled. Embassy in Jerusalem. Turkey/Syria 200 yr-old border dispute solved.  …
U.S. army plans to expand Asian security efforts to counter China: Bloomberg  
(Reuters) - Days before a US-China trade deal is due to be signed, large Chinese purchases of Brazilian soybeans and a pair of unexpected policy moves by Beijing have dimmed U.S. hopes that China would double its imports of American farm products this year  …
NEW ; Concerns are being expressed over NZ's weakness in dealing with China, with one senior FVEY official describing NZ membership "on the edge of viability". Note in the article a former Chinese Mil Intel Officer now a MP @thespybrief  …
Do they have these 'mystery box' kind of vending machines outside of China? Where people pay 30 RMB (4.50) for a box with a 'surprise' inside it. Not even a hint of what you might win... just a box...with something in it? 
A mysterious outbreak of pneumonia in central China has been causing alarm. Here's how it's different from SARS. More @business:  
China's foreign minister says at symposium the US has angered and suppressed China. Criticising Beijing over Hong Kong and the treatment of Muslim Uighur is “almost paranoid” behaviour.  …
uniq china line in the same event tmr and uniq korea line together (probably today)??????
In Celebration Of Her Sold-Out Cover Issue, Here Are More Gorgeous Photos Of BLACKPINK’s Lisa From Her Nylon China Shoot  …
lisa posting about her broken camera lense (and cats) instead of going to resting and sleeping after a tiring schedule in china is such a lisa thing to do
Again last night, Trump lied about who pays for tariffs: "We’re not paying for it, because China devalued their currency and they put a lot of money into the pot" New study:  and consumers paid 100% of the tariffs Keep repeating this fact  …
Standard Chartered (Ripplenet) announces first strategic investment in China (LinkLogis) 
JUST IN: China’s central bank says it  ‘top-level’ design of digital currency  …
China Orders Churches to Promote the Chinese Communist Party—or Else  … via @epochtimes
Goldman Sachs casts doubt on whether China can honor $40 billion in US farm purchases 
Apart from "I'll never leave you" and "I can't imagine my life without you" which other sentences are made in China??
India has deployed its aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya in the Arabian Sea at a time China and Pakistan are holding a nine-day mega naval exercise in the region, a move seen as New Delhi sending a signal to its two neighbours. 
Nearly 60% of Taiwanese citizens between the ages of 20 & 34 said they supported the idea of a fully independent Taiwan. & the crackdown on the pro-democracy protesters in #HongKong has only cemented the youths skepticism of #China's intentions in 
Dominican Avocados Gain Market Access to China  …
New Zealand: China is taking its ideological fight abroad: The goal is to impose a heavy price on anyone who opposes the Communist party’s power h/t @Anne_MarieBrady  
Alibaba affiliate Ant Financial has been ranked the fifth most valuable private firm in China  …
Grading seed in China. Seems to all be by hand. Quality OK. I estimate this bulk store has 4000 tonnes seed. Another 39 similar stores on the same site! #mechanise #hardwork. Wages about £10 per 
China authorities repress religious freedom but promote "sacred" lake for citizens to declare unabashed devotion to President Xi & the Communist Party. Why is China sitting on the  overseeing human rights NGOs?  …
China’s "wolf-style diplomacy" and New Zealand's failure to stand up for universal values. @MarisePayne @SenPaterson @robert_spalding @geoff_p_wade @mrbcyber @MichaelDanbyMP @GlobalSolidHK @marcorubio @ewarren @realDonaldTrump @abcnews @Stand_with_HK  …
There is a thorny but necessary questions here : why do Chinese Americans have to continuously genuflect at the altar of 'understanding China' at an arbitrarily set standard and not have that understanding reciprocated  …
India deploys aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya in Arabian Sea amid China-Pakistan naval drill: military sources to PTI
The top 5 most popular emojis used by WeChat users in 2019 were facepalm, grin, chuckle, thumb-up, and rose, according to a report released Thursday by Wechat, China’s most popular messaging app. Which emoji do you use most frequently? 
The EU does not  free trade deals with: United States (world #1) China (#2) India (#5) Brazil (#9) Russia (#11) Australia (#14) Indonesia (#16) Saudi (#18) Yet all these countries  bilateral free trade agreements w/ the UK. Let's go get 'em!
I've written for @1828uk on why the UK should stand up to China over its disgraceful treatment of the Uighur Muslims.  …
While these armed police officers underwent training in Hainan, China, they were joined by two ducks... 
149 days of detention and persecution. Beaten, imprisoned, held in a “re-education” centre. She remains under surveillance in China facing charges, unable to return to HK. Don’t let her  a martyr. @hrw @amnesty @aiww #StandWithHongKong #NoOneLeftBehind 
Following China's 1st launch of year (CZ-3B/TJS-5), China Space News reports CALT is aiming to add 100 kg to payload capacity to GTO for the CZ-3B. Improvements to the launcher over 20 years has seen payload to GTO go from 4 tons to 5.5 tons. 10 CZ-3B launches planned this year. 
China has granted its 2019 International Science and Technology Cooperation Award, the nation's highest scientific honor for foreign scientists, to 10 foreign scientists from eight countries on Friday.
"Indonesia is slated to secure US$5 billion in development funds from the United States’ financing arm for developing countries and more from the American private sector, following investments from China and the United Arab Emirates (UAE)."  …
ISLAMABAD, January 10, 2020: Ambassador of P.R of China, Mr. Yao Jing called on the Minister for Planning, Development & Special Initiatives Asad Umar on Friday. Matters relating to #CPEC and economic cooperation between the two countries, in general, came under 
China mall is the way
Share (%) of women who smoke, 2016. India: 1.9% Nepal: 9.5% Pakistan: 2.8% China: 1.9% S Arabia: 1.8% B’desh: 1% S Lanka: 0.3% S. Africa: 8.1% Turkey: 14.1% Chile: 34.2% France: 30.1% Russia: 23.4% U.K: 20% U.S: 19.1% Canada: 12% (World Bank)
Lao PM Thongloun Sisoulith visited Liangjiahe Village in NW China's Shaanxi Province. He is the first foreign leader to visit the village in 2020. 
Fully understand Simon is in very difficult situations. The China Communists are so inhumane. Really worry about his family. 
Mark is in China for his fanmeet and SOLO(!) release of ‘Outta My Head’ BB is in Thailand for event with UNICEF, The Blue Carpet Show Jackson still in China, Weibo  up. YG in LA JY filming for his movie 2jae what are y’all cooking? #GOT7 #갓세븐 @GOT7Official
Mesut Ozil is facing a permanent blacklisting in China to such an extent  are deliberately not mentioning his name during broadcasts of Arsenal matches.
US: "we've genocided entire races, nuked a couple dozen countries w/o their free will to live, dropped agent orange but you know what!? We are not terrorist, we liberate & give democracy!" Dumb folk: "YEA, CHina are the true human rights violators!" China: ""
China Backtracks On Supporting Kenya For UN Security Council Seat, Backs Djibouti  …
The U.S. Army will expand efforts to counter China by deploying a specialized task force to the Pacific capable of conducting electronic, cyber and missile operations 
Update (10 January): Current location of Chinese maritime law enforcement forces in southern part of the South China Sea. 
But it's North Korea, China and Russia that are brainwashing people, right?  …
There are two stubborn misconceptions: 1) There will an (actual) global economic recovery in 2020. 2) #China can outgrow/manage her economic problems. Both are wrong, and inherently interlinked. #economy  …
But. But.. Lisa just came back from China. Soooo.... Maybw her next schedule... I hope next time she could take the regular exit to see the fans.  …
Further deadlock and heightened pressure from China is the likely  if Taiwan's independence-leaning President Tsai Ing-wen wins a second term this weekend, as is widely predicted. 
#AmazingChina: Meet Butterfly Lake, a tranquil scenic spot in Ili, NW China's Xinjiang, which stuns visitors with its tree-shaped frozen veins on the icy surface in winter. 
In standoff with China, Indonesia asks for Japan investment. 
Japan dubbed Lisa as Asia's Miracle. China treats her like their little baby & real life barbie. She brings in the whole SEA, US & EU are Lisa's btch no matter how much they try to push their agenda. Let's not forget Latin America w/ 4 Lisa as their magazine cover for Blackpink. 
they're one of the popular ggs in korea, sold out concerts in taiwan and indonesia. their album went #1 in thailand, charted in china and japan, and many more countries. PAKS, music show wins, awards, and many more. roberto, are you dumb?  …
The U.S. Army will expand efforts to counter China by deploying a specialized task force to the Pacific capable of conducting information, electronic, cyber and missile operations against Beijing.  … via @bpolitics
Has @iocmedia backed mass arbitrary detention as an @Olympics sport for the first time? #China a strong contender: China: Massive Crackdown in Muslim Region  … @hrw @hrw_chinese  …
Indonesia is lucky to have a brave and wise president like Widodo. The Philippines is suffering disrespect from China under Duterte.
According to activists, the Tmall ad is a rare step forward for LGBT acceptance and equality in China, where same-sex relationships are still largely taboo. 
When you buy a powerbank from China and your phone starts charging the powerbank 
The way this particular January is running fast, I'm sure it's made in China. This can not be the original version of the January I know.
Great Honour for Pakistan! Professor Dr.Atta Ur Rehman Sb conferred today China International Science & Technology Cooperation Award, the highest scientific award of China in a ceremony held today at Great Hall of the People in Beijing,China. @zlj517 @CathayPak 
[200110] Lisa is now back in Korea after her schedule in China. (4)  …  …  …  … #BLACKPINK #LISA #LALISA 
OBAMA YEARS Stagnant growth Growing unemployment Low wages DOW in slow decline NO HOPE for future Rampant illegal immigration ISIS beheadings CHINA TRADE INSANITY Hatred of law enforcement Depleted military TRUMP 1ST TERM An impossible dream is now a REALITY #MAGA to 
Mr Champions League that couldn’t use it to be ahead of Messi individually is called Mr Bean. What Messi achieved in the Champions League is what Cristiana can only dream to achieve before moving to China!
"We hope today's #Taiwan will be #HongKong's tomorrow." #HKProtests is a rallying cry for an election 700km away -- a referendum on Taiwan's relationship with China. Here's our report. #Taiwan2020 #TaiwanElection 
Chinese currency shaped like knives circulated in China between 600 to 200 B.C. during the Zhou dynasty. See more pictures:  
New HK victims of "Enforced Disappearance" in #China — It is a crime under international law! #TaiwanElection #StandWithHongKong 
On 10th Jan 1839, Indian tea was auctioned in Britain for the first time. Previously, only China tea had been available, at great expense. After this the prices fell & tea became affordable. An 1850 engraving that depicts the different steps in the process of making Assam tea. 
Terrible country! China is a big jail! #chinaisterrorist #BoycottChina 
“China will rewrite the Bible and the Quran to 'reflect socialist values' amid crackdown on Muslim Uighur minority”  …
"Such behavior is almost paranoid, and is indeed rare in international exchanges, seriously damaging the hard-won foundation of mutual trust between China and the US, and seriously weakening the United States' international credibility," said Wang  …
Dear Sir when I see such charts, I really get bit nervous... Let s not buy such white lies....we are weak in mobile warfare and power projection, weak def industries, weak mobelisation capabilities and weak converging power.. China even considers us politically weak also  …
“The world should see Communist China for what it is: a dangerous, supremacist superpower intent upon replacing the United States as the world's dominant state...The  destiny is freedom, not oppression.”  …
Once long-range precision missiles are added to bastions like those in the South China Sea, they will be able to deny access to the sea for hundreds or thousands of kilometers beyond the bastion's core.  …
China's Xi'an City introduces paid eldercare leave, which will take effect from May. Employees will be allowed to take up to 20 days of paid leave to look after their parents who are 60 or above when they fall sick. Do you support the policy? 
Indonesia deploys fighter jets, warships to disputed waters in China spat  … Meanwhile si Duterte ay sleeping on the job
they said jiyong might be visiting china. yg official tho drew the line and said they are planning overseas activities but it isn't decided yet. sorry about that i panickedmyself dndjjdjddjs
HKFP speaks to German artist Kiddy Citny who painted parts of the Berlin Wall in the early 1980s. He is now creating a new mural for Hongkongers in Sheung Wan:  … #hongkongprotests #antiELAB #china 
#FridayFeeling: Work hard, have fun and make history! Elon Musk pulls of some dance moves at Shanghai, China Tesla factory! 
After  the export quota of 250,000 MT of rice to China, #Pakistan will now export additional 500,000 MT of rice to the country. @Dr_FirdousPTI @Asad_Umar 
Another great example of the TSLAQs are lack of knowledge about the China market also explosion growth of Tesla China sales. Yes, @realChaoZhou is live in China and he knows the local market way better than a random pickle. 
Hey New Zealanders, make sure to read this one. It’s about you. ‘China is taking its ideological fight abroad’. The goal is to impose a heavy price on anyone who opposes the Communist party’s power, writes  …
This #bird, the Yellow-eyed Babbler, was hunting actively for food making it somewhat tough to get a photograph, but finally posed momentarily on this branch in #China’s southern #Guangxi Province, allowing for this image  
Greysia Polii/Apriyani Rahayu have reached their FIRST SEMIFINAL in the last six tournaments!!! R16 Korea Open 2019 R16 Denmark Open 2019 R16 French Open 2019 R32 Fuzhou China Open 2019 4th in Group: World Tour Finals 2019 SEMIFINALISTS: #MalaysiaMastersSuper500 YES YOU CAN!!
Meanwhile, in China...  …
U.S. army plans to expand Asian security efforts to counter China: Bloomberg  
#SimonCheng declared disconnection from his family in #HongKong and #PRC, hoped that they could live without harassment and threats. Cheng was a former employee of the #UK's Hong Kong consulate, he was arrested and tortured in China, framed of inciting Hong Kong movement. 
In 2019, 8 sq km of desert was transformed into an oasis in Gulang County, northwest China's Gansu, thanks to hard work of an afforestation team. Here is their story... 
Enjoy the magnificent winter view of hundreds of horses galloping on a snow-capped prairie in Zhaosu county, known as "hometown of pegasus" in northwest China's Xinjiang 
Even when Asisat was in China with Chawinga the Malawian was top scorer. She retained the award in 2019 and also led her team to their first league title in 10yrs. Ajara and Cameroon are still in the Olympics Qualifers, Nigeria is out... Let me stop there.
New TV Series ULTRAMAN CHRONICLE ZERO & GEED Simulcasting in China from January 11th (Sat)! 
It’s impossible to un-invent nuclear weapons & you must know that the policy of Mutually Assured Destruction over the past 75 years has served us well & maintained the peace during the Cold War. With the rise of belligerent Russia,China & Iran it would be folly to rely on the US  …
IOST awarded “Top 20 Emerging Innovative Enterprises” by China Enterprise and Blockchain Forum Attended by National Leaders #IOST #IOSTinChina #blockchain #crypto  …
Do you recall that the same month on the 24th of July 2018 Eskom signed a R33 billion loan with China development bank?Eskom on the 29th of November 2018, announced that it needs R5 billion bailout? Where did the money invested and loaned from foreign governments disappear to? 
Jane's Defence Weekly reports #China's military is aiming to procure an airborne laser-based weapon pod speculated to protect against  missile attacks & dominate in  Tender notice indicates information about the planned acquisition is confidential 
Pakistan has met target of 250,000 tons rice export to China & now granted approval for export of another 500,000 tons The rice were exported under the duty-free incentive package of $1 billion offered by China for Pakistan to lift its exports.
Why is this $300 clam so important to Native Americans' fight against colonization - and China's middle class? Watch in full here:  
"Astonishingly, a man who spent at least 15 years working for China’s military intelligence apparatus remains an elected member of parliament, even after admitting he was ordered by the party to conceal his past on his New Zealand immigration application"  …
One of the Fees Must Fall student leaders at UJ has passed with distinction and has been accepted into Honours with a 75% average. He has also been invited to study in China. He can't afford his UJ fees. Is anyone prepared to assist this young man?
Drinking and driving is a very serious and highly punishable offence in China,do you think we should emulate this in Mzansi? @MbalulaFikile #ArriveAlive 
Let’s settle this once for all. Mongol conquest spread dumplings from China to the rest of the world. All your Manti, Mantu, Manta, Mandu came from Chinese Mantou 饅頭, no exceptions. Nepali and Tibetan Momo clearly share same root as Momo 饃饃 in NW Mandarin 
World’s fastest driverless bullet train launches in China - linking Beijing with the Great Wall at Badaling & Zhangjiakou at 350km/h  …
David Moyes likes a Deadline Day saga with Marouane Fellaini - a race against the clock with just a few seconds to go, first at Everton, then at Man United. He surely rates ‘Big Fella’, but he knows Fellaini’s wages in China too. The ‘interest’ gets some denials. 
New Zealand is “on the edge of viability as a member” of its allied relationships, because of its “supine” attitude to China & its “compromised political system” #nzpol you are going to want to read every word of this superb @FT report @JamilAnderlini  …
you’ll always be my china and i’ll always remember every smile you ever put on my face R.I.P. Marilyn i’ll see you again 
 a video showing @elonmusk walking to the ceremonial stage, escorted by Tom Zhu, President of Tesla Greater China, and Grace Tao, VP of Business Development. This video shows Elon is warmly received by #Tesla employees at 
This is actually the law in China. It’s an abominable perspective which legitimizes horrific crimes including family separation.  …
Jk is one of the most promoted member along jmn And they dare to talk abt lines and screen times wtf He had special stage, collab They're just greedy Although tae had the least part in every album, but still his china fanbase broke record by taking album and look at these
Tsai Ing-wen has taken heat for pension reform, transitional justice & weakness on China, but the economy is fine and she is the candidate proposing to protect Taiwan's autonomy & democracy - and contrary to what you might hear, she is not an adventurer destabilising the Strait.
Dozens of passersby lift car to rescue trapped biker in S China 
Chinese currency shaped like knives circulated in China between 600 to 200 B.C. during the Zhou dynasty. 
‘Inside the big cage’: Hong Kong protester ‘Grandma Wong’ reportedly awaiting trial in Shenzhen  … #HongKong #China #antielab #antiELABhk #HongKongProtests @holmeschan_
A date in winter! Nearly 10,000 whooper swans migrate from Siberia and other regions to Rongcheng, a coastal town in China's Shandong for the winter  …
3. With its proximity to the Afghan Border and the Karakoram highway to China, Rashakai also enjoys  advantage in being ideally positioned for exports. We expect it to create 50,000 direct jobs, and be a massive boost for the local economy. 
Guys the much anticipated Mini Importation seminar is here. You can't afford to miss out on this wonderful opportunity as Mr kunle will be teaching us how to Import goods from china this evening. Join his group so as not to miss out  
Bill Benter is the most successful gambler you've never heard of. After being banned from Vegas, he turned to horse racing in Hong Kong — and won a billion dollars  
KRA is after us. Helb is after us. NHIF is after us. Dynasties are after us. Fellow hustlers are after us. China is after us. Locusts are after us. How can we survive all these...
Animation to show greenhouse gas emission over the past 70 years. Wait to the end as #China explodes into the lead #climatechange #geography 
Your an idiot, How do you think people from USA,China,Japan,Russia etc travel to the EU. As an MP you should know better than to pedal EU lies, You really are pathetic and may be your constituents should vote to have you sacked.  …
China is stoking anger among Uighurs that will make Xinjiang more divided and more unstable 
China's bid to challenge Boeing and Airbus falters  
US lobbies Netherlands to block sale of sensitive #ChipTechnology to China. US Secretary of State shared classified intelligence with Dutch PM to effect it. Intervention at higher level itself indicates that curbing China's #IPR theft is high-priority matter for US in 
What did America see when DJ Trump went down that escalator? Did they see 'record stock market gains, progress against China, tax cut, peace through strength.' Maybe. But not in so many words. They saw an OG: Original Gangster. It's our job to tell the people again
Chinese authorities think they've identified a new coronavirus—a member of the family of viruses that caused SARS and MERS—that could be behind the mysterious pneumonia cases in Central China, WHO says. 
Sorry for trouble Lisa fans. Xukun has lot of fans and antis in China. these antis just want to hit Ikuns and don't care about Lisa. They want to stir up hatred on both sides. Then Kun will be hated by everyone. #YouthWithYou
lisa went to china for the show after 2 days concert, barely gotten any sleep, then filmed the show for long hours even stayed up late til 4 in the morning and afterwards immediately flew back to sk. yall better support youth with you or else...
Here's a 24-story wooden building constructed without a single nail. Anything is possible in China. 
China seems to be ignoring the memo that coal is canceled. The country currently has 121 gigawatts of coal plants under construction, which is more than is being built in the rest of the  
Fatima Muhammad, is a 24-year-old medical doctor and a professional photographer. In this encounter, the indigene of Katsina State who bagged her bachelor of medicine and surgery degree from China Medical University, Read more:  …
China on Friday ushered in its largest annual migration, known as chunyun, 15 days ahead of the #SpringFestival. It’s time to get on board and head for home! 
China’s new credit system which  online in a couple of months makes financial freedom a hard pull... this is why Bitcoin matters, as not just a SoV but also MoE IT’S COMING, IT’S WATCHING  
[COSMOPOLITAN CHINA] From Japanese to Korean to English, language is never an obstacle between them. Men connected at a deep level with each other that they can understand each other with just one look  …? Jaejoong, Hangeng & Yamapi! #ジェジュン 
I'd like the Wall Street Journal, The NY Times, and the Washington Post to do so.e in-depth investigation into the net cost to the U.S. of the Trump Presidency... costs for his family's travel and security, farm subsidies against the costs to us of his trade war with China...
Here’s a fun read, specifically the bit where China confiscates a globe because the word Taipei is written in the same font as Beijing. Who knew imperialism could be so fragile.  …
200110 Incheon Airport(Back to China) #VictoriaSong #SongQian 
Another important finance expert appointed to a senior provincial position, in this case to China’s largest provincial economy. I have heard very good things about Zhang Xin.  … via @scmpnews
Driverless Facial recognition 5G Here’s a look at China’s new high-speed train which connects Beijing and #Beijing2022 co-host city Zhangjiakou 
This, ladies & gentlemen, is why the #left won't win another #auspol election for a good long while. If there is a case for politicians to answer, it is for those whose personal interests in promoting #renewables have bankrupted Australian businesses & tied our energy to #China.  …
President Xi Jinping presented China's top science award to Huang Xuhua and Zeng Qingcun on Friday for their outstanding contributions to scientific and technological innovation.  
Year 2047: What will happen to Hong Kong when it loses its status within China as a special autonomous region? Here's what protesters fear. More @business:  #HongKongProtests 
China’s Belt and Road expansion has driven investment to new countries. Yet that growth has also brought risks for Beijing, @heguisen 
#China is building up its aerial surveillance capabilities given the payload/range considerations of high altitude operations on the border with #India Data via @sbreakintl helps identify the reconnaissance ringing being strategized by the 
While ##Duterte’s sleeping, Indonesia successfully kicks out #China from its seas.  …
China is leading in R&D innovation. While, India is leading in B&D journalism.
[ IG ] 200110 - Editor Nylon China memposting foto #LISA di Instagram   Like and Comment #블랙핑크 #BLACKPINK #리사 #LISA #LALISA #リサ #ลิซ่า #LISAxNylonChina 
soon reach pon a level wen she tell mi she want chinese and i take her to china  …
 to the world! This baby #giraffe was born at Guangzhou Zoo in South China on January 8. The 170-cm-tall princess is in good health. 
Nylon China's Editor/Stylist Instagram updates (2)  …  … #BLACKPINK #LISA #LALISA 
The U.S. has repeatedly blasted China’s efforts to quell Hong Kong’s unrest.  Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is getting off easy 
Trump's tariffs cost  $46 billion to date Trump's #TradeWar #Tariffs The Lion Share $37.3 billion is from imports from China. All culminated through 2019. This data is according to the latest analysis from the Commerce Department.  … @Yahoo
How do China's balls taste?
Protest-hit Hong Kong sees surge in depression and PTSD – study  … #HongKong #China #antielab #antiELABhk #HongKongProtests @mindhongkong
200110 Brand ambassador @KrisWu Kris Wu will attend the opening ceremony of @LouisVuitton S/S Men’s Ware Limited-time Store tonight. Jan.10th, 17:00 (Beijing time) Shanghai, China Live link:  … #KrisWu 
JW announced it filed FOIA lawsuits against the State/Treasury Depts seeking docs related to consideration by the CFIUS in the U.S. by  tied to Joe Biden’s son, Hunter #Biden – Ukraine’s Burisma Holdings & China’s Bohai Harvest RST. READ: 
"They (Americans) bargained with me [to work on] the reconstruction of Iraq in exchange for giving them 50% of Iraqi oil exports, so I refused and decided to go to China. I concluded an important and strategic agreement there"
(thread) The Xiangtangshan Caves (响堂山石窟) were founded during the reign of Emperor Wenxuan (文宣) of Northern Qi (北齐) around 550ad. They're a truly incredible example of Buddhist cave-architecture from China's Northern Dynasties. 
Iraqi Prime Minister: "After my return from China, Trump called me and asked me to cancel the agreement, so I still refused, and he threatened me with massive demonstrations that would topple me."  …
#China Aims For Total Control of People's Thinking From Primary Level Upwards China on Tuesday published new guidelines banning overseas teaching materials in primary & secondary schools, as Xi Jinping tightens ideological controls in all areas of life.  …
IN PREPARATION FOR MARK'S SONG {OUTTA MY HEAD}  out on 11/01/2020, 12pm China time. Let's be prepared QQ MUSIC TUTORIAL - Download - Sign up - Streaming 
Special Report - Asia's Great Rivers @AFP looks at how climate change, pollution, geopolitics, and mismanagement threaten the waterways that billions rely on  Yangtze, China; Black Shisper glacier, Pakistan; Mekong, Thailand; Brahmaputra, India 
200109 - NYLON CHINA (3) #LISA #리사 #BLACKPINK #블랙핑크 
Except that- the American Tax players should not have to bail out the farmers- If the Art of the Deal had worked, China would be buying and trading. Instead we are paying tarriffs. And bailing out our own because of Donald’s failed trade deals.
What about Yemen? Gabon? The Uighurs in China? What about the Rohingya? Should we just send all our teenagers to kill and be killed every where evil shit happens? Where is your line?  …
Piper Jaffray raises $TSLA price target to $553 per share “after analyzing Tesla’s potential in China.”  …
Does it make any difference if Oz cuts its emissions? @1petermartin says it can.  … 2013 to 2016 almost every single bit of China's extra electricity production came from non-emitting source. Driven - in part only - by pressure from countries like Oz.
Nylon China's Editor/Stylist Instagram updates  …  …  …  … #BLACKPINK #LISA #LALISA 
Best opportunity  on originallity of antiHindu fmly NaMo highly respectable &cultured. Right from ancestors every1 is Hindu; unlike other side fmly's mixture of msm, +ian; Parsee & deepest relations with KGB-ISI-China-Dawood. Powerful Iran begs Modi & Italians beg ISI  …
Rwanda's ambassador to China, James Kimonyo, promoted his country's famed coffee beans during a recent #livestreaming session on Alibaba's  platform.  
On January 11, Taiwanese voters will elect a new president and parliament. @RushDoshi discusses China’s efforts to influence the results using a disinformation campaign: 
On January 11, hundreds of candidates  for legislative seats in #TaiwanElection. @lilkuo and I looked at a new cross-party political block formed by five young candidates, who hope to expand the focus of #Taiwan2020 beyond the #China factor.  …
#SupremeGodKabir Every people from Iran, Iraq, China, USA, Russia and India must know about Supreme God this and Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj telling us about God on the basis of scripts To know more must read Sacred free book " Gyan Ganga" order now 
He cultivated a bull-in-china-shop image thrilling his middle-fingered base. But Trump's now paying the price of relentlessly insulting allies,  NATO...and Mike Lee? Trust is the glue holding democracy together. After years of lies, who trusts Trump? 
The full story of “Uyghur kid torture” 1, scene took place in south China, not even a Uyghur kid; 2, this kid was a pickpocket; 3, many kids were kidnapped and forced to steal around 90s by mafias; 
Requesting @narendramodi Sir Panipat handloom suffered due to under invoiced textile from China. These are your true voters. Request to look into same. Panipat can be world destination for handlooms  …
Enjoy that creative mood, and appreciate the daily grind! ⠀ WeWork | LINE FRIENDS ⠀ #WeWork meets #LINEFRIENDS to celebrate the energetic lifestyle. ⠀ *Only available exclusively at China ⠀ #BROWN #CONY #SALLY #LEONARD #CHOCO #MOON #EDWARD #BOSS #JAMES #JESSICA 
China’s new Cryptography Law paves the way for CBDC, leaves less room for anonymity among private firms  …
Happy new year Although a little late, but China's Spring Festival has not arrived so it is not late Anybody want a postcard？XDDDDDD #SuperM #SuperM_LUCAS #WayV #LUCAS #루카스 #威神V 
(1/x) For those following China's hukou system (such as the oft-repeated & incorrect "it's being eliminated" narrative), check out this Jan. 2019 China Journal piece by Alexsia Chan & Kevin O’Brien, "Phantom Services: Deflecting Migrant Workers in China"  …
The report detailed China's crackdown on religious minorities, labour activists and the press, and focused on the treatment of the Muslim Uighur population. 
A new US government report says that human rights abuse in China has worsened in the last year & specifically highlighted the escalating persecution of Chinese Catholics in the wake of the Vatican-China agreement of 2018.  #Catholic #China #Vatican
#BREAKING: Another online Chinese Christian fellowship group banned by Chinese censorship. A self-claimed biggest Christian group was dismissed on social media Douban on Dec 6, 2019, as it posed internet safety threats. Chinese authorities have clamped down on religions in China. 
I'm thinking out loud here, China signing was never meant to happen before the new digital economy takes off. That would make this weekend explosive. They will be cornered and need to pick sides. They will be forced  under the new system or collapse.  …
Democrats are now the party of Iran, China, the EU, Mexico America last is their mantra 
China finally takes small step towards recognising same-sex marriage  …
Trump blows things up—Iran, North Korea, China, NAFTA, immigration policy, etc—then goes halfway back to where they were before and declares victory. #winning
Did you threaten to go to war with CHINA?  …
Other international  Being the first Asian artist to perform in Abbey Road Studios, London, Sherlock named as one of the "50 Greatest Boyband Songs of all Time" by Rolling Stone Magazine, and winning 2016 Asia's Best Group Award at the DongFang Music Awards, China 
Han Kuo-yu’s campaign rally in #Taiwan. A solid proof that both Han & his supporters are adhering to the #China way - being delusional & appraising faked stuff over truth/facts. And I am sure that baby doll is made in China. That quality..... Video from LIHKG 
Another day, another round of #ABC_challenge It’s worth noting that cosmetics/body care on sale in China are legally required to have animal testing. For those who care about #CrueltyFree, please try to buy from 
Dismantling China’s Muslim gulag in Xinjiang is not enough 
So China is growing its crude oil consumption. And is loving our coal. AND now we have the @UN beeking off on Canada - but scared shitless of rattling China over its role in energy.  …
China markets open higher after Beijing confirms signing of phase one trade deal next week: -CSI 300 rises after closing at its highest level since February 2018 -Hang Seng Index is on track for its sixth week of gains  
A high level military delegation led by Lt. General Ranbir Singh, Commander of Indian Army’s Northern Command on Thursday visited Xinjiang province of China and held talks with senior Chinese Military leaders on issue of mutual interest. Read More:  
Indonesia's military said on Thursday that Chinese coast guard vessels and fishing boats had left disputed waters in the western reaches of the South China Sea following a visit by President Joko Widodo to assert his nation's sovereignty. 
“The call was the first between American and Taiwanese leaders since the U.S. recognized the CCP’s dominion over China, including Taiwan, in 1979.” Not true. US *acknowledges* China's claim on Taiwan, but does not *recognize* it. @TIME, please correct this. cc:  …
Yep. China will push push push and keep pushing so long as it can get away with this. In Duterte’s weak and corrupt leadership they can get away with whatever they want  …
Zimbabwe Is Selling Baby Elephants To China  … via @@WildThingsInitv
#SupremeGodKabir Every people from Iran, Iraq, China, USA, Russia and India must know about Supreme God this and Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj telling us about God on the basis of scripts To know more must read Sacred free book " Gyan Ganga" order now 
He didn't learn from threatening N Korea and Iran, now he's threatening China?
Koki teams up with Kris Wu for Marie Claire China  #koki #KrisWu 
Why is China’s government confiscating coffins? 
China has too many mouths who want to eat seafood. Soon there will be nothing left.  
"Of all state adversaries, China poses the gravest of all national security threats, assessed Olsen." ...we have a major future threat to (US) security metastasizing right in front of our eyes.” #CHINA #ENEMY#1  … @BoycottHegemony @DanRDimicco @grfmountain
Previously unknown coronavirus (same family of viruses as #SARS and #MERS) may be causing pneumonia outbreak in China, @WHO says  … via @cbcnews #globalhealth
The U.S. has repeatedly blasted China’s efforts to quell Hong Kong’s unrest.  Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is getting off easy - smart take here from @IainMarlow & @bibhu_pradhan  … via @bpolitics
Trump brings up China and then says, "we don't want to send you any tanks, because we're going to kick your ass!" 
I actually (and I'm not being snarky) like how the narrative has generally shifted from Trump is doing too much on China to he isn't doing enough. There is one enormous problem however with this narrative in that there is very little thinking about this implications of that. 1/n
Here’s a way to relax when you’re tired from work! People in China are dancing to a popular song called “The Fiery Coral Lily”. Have a try! 
Concerns raised over National's China trip planning, via  …
China has powerful military drones but won’t use them like the US, analysts say  …
Away with globalist policies! We don’t need our factories closing and moving off to foreign lands! And @realDonaldTrump is being tougher on China than anybody and it’s paying off! #AmericaFirst #TrumpRallyToledo
Hi @SMH, Why do you have Chinese Government propaganda included in today's copy of the Sydney Morning Herald? Why have you sold out to China? #auspol #China 
China is spreading disinformation to interfere in Taiwan’s election. Are we prepared if they do it in the U.S.?  …
The CR200J Fuxing (Rejuvenation) bullet trains started to run on the high-speed railway linking southwest China's Sichuan's Panzhihua and Yunnan's Kunming on Thursday, reducing travel time between the two cities from about 5.5 hours to about two. 
Hopes for spike in U.S. farm exports to China dim ahead of trade deal signing  
Bring wine what achievements are left! Let's toast to America. Thank you President @realDonaldTrump for defeating terrorism, ending China's abuses and saving America from socialism. @Lrihendry @RealDrGina @kimguilfoyle @parscale #TrumpinToledo #TrumpRallyToledo 
Must-read piece by @RushDoshi on China’s elaborate information campaign to influence Taiwan’s election.  …
hoping that you all notice the overlap between people who are extremely concerned about Muslims in China and people who are very excited about bombing Muslims in Iran.
China 10,000 Participants to attend DLT event in China to enhance mass adoption in region. (Surely organized by Government) Meanwhile in U.S.A The SEC is thinking about holding a meeting.....to prepare for a meeting on the impact of blockain  …
EXCLUSIVE: Pompeo on the on Iran’s “accidental” downing of  airliner, John Kerry’s latest attacks & China’s new explanation for its internment camps...tonight 10pET ⁦ @FoxNews⁩ 
“Taiwan says no to China, Hong Kong says no to China,” he told me, “but Hun Sen only says yes to China.” In Cambodia’s Sihanoukville, many locals feel like second-class citizens in their own country.  …
The #winter is so cold in some parts of China, boiling water can freeze almost instantly. In the sunlight, it looks like fireworks. 
But what are the NBA’s ratings in its native China?  …
Iranian state TV published a video from #IRGC attack to US troops in Iraq, But videos are fake. The first explosion in the video is a rocket attacks to Israel 2018  ) and second a massive explosions in China 2015.  ) Source 
“The time  for the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Russia & China to recognize this reality...They must now break away from the remnants of the #IranDeal or JCPOA...must all work together toward making a deal with Iran that makes the world a safer & more peaceful 
We can even add China and still marvel at the global economy's synchronicity. Sentiment may have improved, but the data has *not*. If anything, '19 ended with acceleration on the downside in way, way too many places.  
Astounding how political ranting can dress up as journalism. Let's ignore a while host of facts like China buying Iranian oil, Huawei installing the  system, and selling lots of arms to Iran. This is bordering on ordering Chinese state propaganda as reality  …
In today's Global Briefing: Were 176 lives the price of killing Soleimani?, the "America first" trap, America's "narcissistic" self-critics, did Twitter stop a war?, and Taiwan's drift (further) away from China  …
A new coronavirus causing respiratory disease in China - discussion at virology blog  
[Preview] 200110 #Ten & #Lucas Shanghai, China _ ©bt_than_ever/CassielForLucas @superm @WayV_official #SuperM 
Huopu 火铺, a Third Front coal mine in SW Guizhou still has its Mao era bus station. The slogan reads: ‘The core force of our cause is the Chinese Communist Party. The theoretical basis guiding our thinking is Marxism-Leninism.’ #China 
A Time Of Bloodshed: England And China Are Locked In A Full-Scale Naval Battle Over A Bra They Found Floating In International Waters  
China has been arbitrarily detaining our colleague #MichaelKovrig for 396 days. Michael is a Canadian national. He has yet to see a lawyer or his family. Join our call to #FreeMichaelKovrig ➔  
This from ⁦ @RushDoshi⁩ is truly excellent and incredibly important for anyone who cares about China, democracy, and the way information is shifting the battlefield. I can’t wait to read his  report.  …
#AntiChinazi works! Economically: #Chexit works! Daily: #AnywherebutChina #BoycottMadeInChina ! Online: #DeleteTikTok ! Tech: #BoycottHuawei ! HK: #YellowEconomicCircle ! More: #StopBeijing2022 as #China_is_terrorist ! Well Done & Keep Going! #standwithHK  …
Trump has falsely claimed over 100 times that China is paying the cost of tariffs New finding: "approximately 100% of these import taxes have been passed on to U.S. importers and consumers” That's *checks math* the entire amount  …
"Sports aren't political." Okay so question; what if Taiwan wants to participate in the Olympics? Does the IOC have them walk in with other countries? Does the IOC bar them from participating? Do their athletes count as China's? The answer is a political choice.  …
After going on a tear and rising almost 90% last year, Apple stock again got a boost today, hitting another new record high—thanks to recent data showing that China sales were much better than expected for December  by 
This guy is in his way to China! 
China is Facebook's biggest country for revenue after the US, btw. It sells over US$5 billion worth of ad space a year to Chinese businesses & govt agencies.  …
HUGE AE #RunsOnRipple Amex Cleared To Operate In China  … via @pymnts
Tyson Foods gained 70% in 2019 and the rally might not be done. @JimCramer predicts the meat producer will be the biggest winner of the U.S.-China phase one trade deal thanks to China’s pork shortage 
This week’s Inside the Ring column: Trump employs rarely-used info warfare in threatening Iran cultural sites; China hostage-taking; Alert for Iranian GPS spoofing  …
The ethanol industry in Iowa is being hurt from all sides. Not only has Trump failed to uphold the #RFS putting the livelihoods of our corn growers and folks in the renewable fuels industry at stake, but now China has suspended its ethanol mandate. 
US Trade Deficit Hits 3-Year Low: ‘Trump’s China Hard Line Is Working,’ Expert Says  … For the latest US and political news download The Epoch Times app 
3/ She also asserted that Canada is collateral damage between Iran and the US. Nice that she recognizes that, but the Conservatives have been loath to notice that Canada is also collateral damage between China and the US (re: Huawei). /4
Hot off the presses from @TheHillOpinion: Understanding and responding to China’s brutal Xinjiang It’s impossible to understand human rights atrocities in Xinjiang without accounting for Xi Jinping’s One Belt, One Road initiative  …
sometimes  across something like this and you remember all of those research chemicals from china that you’ve done and you just think, cool  …
Shen Yun Shatters Communist Party Narratives, Prompting Attacks by China’s Regime—Leeshai Lemish  … via @epochtimes
The U.S. has repeatedly blasted China’s efforts to quell Hong Kong’s unrest.  Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is getting off easy 
Is this a joke? The US is THE most incarcerative nation on the planet! More people behind bars than Iran! Than North Korea! Than CHINA! The US has the most people killed by police, falsely charged by DA's and given absurdly harsh sentences by judges. We should "appreciate" that?
China's Muslim Uighurs face systematic oppression from their own government. An estimated one million of them are detained in camps. China Concentration Camps;  
Many #Han #Chinese don’t mind the #gulag for their #Uighur neighbours  … #SaveUyghur #ConcentrationCamps #NeverAgain #China #Xinjiang #EastTurkistan #Uighur #chinazi #Uyghur
Which came first, the Democratic politicians supporting Iran and blaming America for everything, or the leftist snowflakes who hate America and wish we were run more like China? Are Democratic leaders pandering to their base or is their base echoing leadership? Serious question.
36% Of Young Americans Think Other Countries Are Greater Than The US!! Let Me Guess Cuba, Venezuela, China, Iran....... #BluestarZone  
interviewed for DAZED China 
JW announced it filed FOIA lawsuits against the State/Treasury Depts seeking docs related to consideration by the CFIUS in the U.S. by  tied to Joe Biden’s son, Hunter #Biden – Ukraine’s Burisma Holdings & China’s Bohai Harvest RST. READ: 
. @AmericanExpress cleared to operate in China:  …
As a student, who’s half french (lived & worked there), I can’t wait for the opportunities that Brexit will provide. We are leaving a bloc of 27 lagging economies, rife with unemployment & red tape, to rejoin 167 nations full of opportunities! US, China, Ind, Jap, Aus, Nz etc
"47% of jobs are at risk in OECD (USA, UK, China...) countries around the world." Short info-graphic slide share displaying info and data about  and job #Automation 
If China's influence and interference in countries around the world bothers you, just wait til you hear about European colonialism!
Carpio persists in lying about arbitration ruling vs China  … via @The Manila Times
Economic espionage': Special DOJ unit cracks down on China's illicit activities — “China was implicated in more than 80% of all economic espionage cases brought by the Justice Department since  … via @washtimes
Yumen Pass is located in Jiuquan, Gansu Province of China. It was an important strategic fort along the Silk Road. The pass was first fortified in 121BC by officials of Emperor Wudi (156BC – 87BC) in Western Han Dynasty (206BC – 24 AD), and served as a military garrison outpost. 
The scenery of Yulong River in Yangshuo, Guangxi of China. The essence of Yulong River is between Yulong Bridge and Gongnong Bridge, about 13 kilometers. The landscape is decorated with toothy karst hills, thick bamboo groves, fishermen gliding along on their narrow bamboo raft. 
The Forbidden City in Beijing, China, once served as the palace for 24 emperors during the Ming and Qing Dynasties (1368 - 1911). Surrounded by a 52-meter-wide moat and a 10-meter-high wall are more than 8,700 rooms. Listed by UNESCO as a World Cultural Heritage Site in 1987. 
President Trump on China trade: "I might want to wait to finish it til after the election because by doing that I think we can actually make a little bit better deal." 
The night scenery of the Big Wild Goose Pagoda Square in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. 
Jiuzhaigou is located in north of Sichuan Province, China. It was inscribed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site in 1992 and a World Biosphere Reserve in 1997. Jiuzhaigou National Park was closed due to the earthquake in 2017. The park opened again on Sept. 27, 2019. 
What a majestic architecture! Built in 1056, Sakyamuni Pagoda of Fogong Temple in N China's Shanxi is the oldest existent fully wooden pagoda still standing in China. 
Zhangye Danxia National Geological Park is located in Zhangye, Gansu Province of China. Danxia landform is an unique type of #geomorphology formed from red-colored sandstones and characterized by steep cliffs. The park has the area of 50 square KM. 
Excellent reporting from DemocracyNow: = Uyghurs & Other Muslim Minorities Forced into Labor Programs to Work in Chinese Factories.  … + “Modern-Day Slavery”: China Is Forcing Muslims into Forced Labor, Prison & Indoctrination Camps.  …
China needs Iran’s Oil and Iran needs China’s money! We need to stop depending on cheap throw away electronics form China and start building High Quality products here in America! Put more people to work here!!! Without US demand - China would hurt.  …
Demand for iPhones appears to be flourishing once again in China, a year after Apple had to warn investors that the Chinese market was facing a serious slowdown 
Rose is back and wants to right the wrong in a rematch against Andrade on the Khabib vs Tony card. We have to give props to Andrade, fought Zhang in China, fought at 135 even being out-sized, and doesn't think twice to rematch Rose. She literally doesn't care who she fights.
And I know everything was made in China but that's ended like last century. People of Nigeria deserve to be treated with equal rights to code like the rest of the world.
Most Islamic countries have not been deceived by the lies spread by Western states. 51 countries, including 28 Islamic nations, signed a joint letter last July sent to the UN to express support to China's policies in Xinjiang: Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi 
China has developed the world’s first mobile quantum satellite station  
China has invested more than 68.6 billion yuan (9.9 billion USD) in #infrastructure #construction in SW China's #Tibet in 2019, according to the newly published regional government's work 
If you think millions flowing to Hunter Biden from China & Ukraine were bad, you’re in for an infuriating treat! More Hunter money, and introducing a few more Biden family members who bagged millions from taxpayers. They got YOUR money!  …
Gotta say this #ABC_challenge is awesome and was trying to do this anyway (boycotting products made in China). Best product I have is soap and glory righteous butter. Made in UK and best one I've found. Also Samyang hot chicken fire noodles, made in Korea.  …
I’m not opposed to Disney characters and stories in Epcot as long as  embody and enrich their respective countries/areas. Coco and Mulan are natural fits in Mexico & China pavilions. Frozen and Beauty and the Beast are much more at home in Fantasyland, IMO.  …
Random tweet to remind everyone that Handong OWNED Deja Vu. She looked stunning, had the most iconic line AND coreography part. I could literally watch her spin and sing for hours and not get bored, she is so good and I can't wait for her to slay in China  back with us
#China: Unilateral US withdrawal from #JCPOA root cause of  …
Today's record high USA stocks are due in part to eased Middle East tensions & progress over US/China's trade deal. Technology stocks (up .66%) & the financial index (up .72%) rose the most. EVEN .M.O.R.E. WINNING! KAG2020 
nylon china 
2 million Uighur Muslims are STILL imprisoned in Chinese concentration camps... China treats Islam like a mental illness, and in addition to camps, China is sterilizing Uighur women, brainwashing children, harvesting Muslim organs, and more. 
คՇՇคςк ๏Ŧ Շђє ςɭ๏ภєร This is another PC Engine Shuttle clone made in China (?). It’s called the 16 bit Power Play Galaxy. It is said to be less than perfect when operating. Still it looks pretty cool! #retrogaming 
To win the future in a global economy, America should be writing the rules for emerging technology so real people—not an authoritarian state like China—are empowered. 
This is interesting, 6.5% of Volvo's sales in 2019 were already plug-ins, and by next year they're aiming for 20%. That would be around 150,000 vehicles. Big surge in Europe and China.  … via
Wait so SM is planning to make new talent show in China and create new idols but Chinese EXO-L which fanbase is giant said "wait tf up". So suddenly thaad is not an issue anymore for SM? Why they don't let EXO to breath in China? Not to talk about Yixing returning to EXO.
World’s fastest driverless bullet train launches in China  …
2019 Balance of Payments in China. Unit in billions. Data from the National Bureau of Statistics of China (国家统计局) All in the red! The best being Shanghai. @SolomonYue @tedcruz @HawleyMO @box217 @LinkeviciusL @AbeShinzo @SatoMasahisa @KentGilbert01 
Americans have paid an extra $46 billion in tariffs since the start of the China trade war A National Bureau of Economic Research paper released this week said that "approximately 100 percent" of tariffs have been paid by American buyers.  …
China's dictatorship seized two Canadians as hostages more than a year ago. Trudeau has done nothing. Iran's dictatorship murdered 63 Canadians yesterday. Trudeau hasn't even criticized them -- he actually blamed Trump. The world is learning who Justin Trudeau is.
North Korea, Mexico, China, Russia, Ukraine, Iran.... And Dems are STILL striking out in Operation O.M.B (Orange Man Bad). So where we going next, crazies? *spins globe*
MEDIAWATCH: Soooooo is everyone else surprised at the total lack of media attention on the Leader of the Opposition meeting the Head of China’s secret police as organised by an alleged Chinese Spy? Or is it just me? | The Daily Blog  #nzpol
That  invention: the military ballet. This is "The Red Detachment of Women" - a Chinese ballet from the Cultural Revolution "it is best known... as the ballet performed for U.S. President Richard Nixon on his visit to China in February 1972" 
USCIRF  the release of @CECCgov’s 2019 Annual Report on #humanrights in China. This report documents #religiousfreedom violations in Xinjiang, Tibet, and other parts of China.  …
We'll go around the world in 30 minutes tonight on @TheAgenda w/ Ann Fitz-Gerald ( @Laurier) and Matthew Fisher (Cdn. Global Affrs. Inst.). #IranVSAmerica, #VladimirPutin, Canada's influence on the world stage, #China China & more --- all part of our conversation. @tvo at 8/11 
Today’s need to know with @Bob_Iaccino: China confirms Phase 1 trade deal signing Commodity demand  back into play U.S. non-farm payrolls due tomorrow
President Trump on China trade talks: "We'll start right away negotiating phase 2. It'll take a little time. I think I might want to wait to finish it until after the election because I think by doing that I think we might be able to make a little better deal, a lot better deal." 
