[RTRS] 31 Jan - CHINA'S TIANJIN CITY SAYS ALL SCHOOLS, NON-ESSENTIAL COMPANIES WILL REMAIN CLOSED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE TO CURB CORONAVIRUS - STATE MEDIA that means closed until March
China sounds like the move, can’t wait
In my latest @FoxNews op ed, I explain how cases of #nCoV will increase in US, but only modestly. Nothing near the situation we’re seeing in China. We’ll be fine (except for  …
[Recap] Coronavirus: a product of China’s food safety, healthcare and politics  … #China #HongKong 
Our @4corners report on the horrors of China’s mass interment program in #Xinjiang will air this weekend in Barcelona  …
You got that right, @WeTheBrandon. The less we have to do with a militant #China attacking our political system, stealing our tech, injuring our service members and diplomats, and now spreading disease to our shores the better.  …
If Senate will not call witnesses - and 75% of Americans want to hear from witnesses - the House should call them! How? Start #NewImpeachment. Proceed from strength. Bolton says Trump family might've gotten personal benefits from China or Turkey. Are we just going to let that go?
CBS NEWS INVESTIGATES: Millions of surgical gowns made in China are being recalled over concerns that they may not be sterile. “This is a big disruption” to hospitals who’ve been forced to reschedule hundreds of surgeries. @DrLaPook Reports  
WHY ARE FLIGHTS STILL LEAVING CHINA AND PEOPLE NOT BEING QUARANTINED FROM THEM.. infecting people like it’s not a fucking issue.. #coronavirus 
The left lost on Russian hoax The left lost on Mueller time The left lost on impeachment The left lost on holding articles The left lost on witnesses The left lost on USMCA The left lost on China The left lost on the wall The left lost on border The left has lost on everything
The gubmint still hasn't grounded flights from China, but the airlines themselves might do so. Don't worry tho, we here at Kamikaze Labs LLC are making the finest contagion using the latest scientific methods. Guaranteed 100% unsafe and contagious. 
Fears of the deadly coronavirus have fueled xenophobia and anti-China sentiment abroad 
What's your hot take on the concentration camps in China?
I talked about this in our podcast this morning. A lot of interesting connections in this web. China repurposes AbbVie HIV drug as Big Pharma rallies  deadly coronavirus  …
you know how the entire virus thing is racist? no one has ever mentioned anything about praying for china.
@christufton Jamaican just returned from China just told me she voluntarily went for checks at hospital and hospital staff ran away. Maybe a bit more training needed?
They got suspended for their Coronavirus/HIV connection. China didn't like that.
China state media probably reported Zerohedge to twitter to censor them
Trump is good for China and Russia, who benefit from a destabilized US. But it’s probably bad for NATO/Europe. Really bad for Ukraine. Bad for all the nations affected by the travel ban. Bad for South Korea (which has had its security assistance threatened). Plenty of allies.
Late last year, Mom was telling me about all the Nigerians she knew and met who were learning Mandarin and who had gone or were already going to China like "we're always going to make a way." The US really thinks the world cares about it way more than it actually does.  …
As you can see by these pictures animals that die in China die an agonizing slow brutal death quite often torched alive by blow torches, boiled alive & skinned alive, don’t even try to defend these savages to me.
Hexagon farmer / Hexagon farmer There was a hexagon farmer In a lab in America Come from China / lives in America Reacting on arrival / catalytic cycle
We should watch China to see what they want our future to be. Its straight up Flash Gordon scary!  …
4. Another goal of intestinal spreading of this virus is to murder #XiJinping 习近平. Xijinping attended and officially opened the game. I don’t know if Xi is infected, but the the Airborne 15th Army （空15军）was infected. This army is last defense force of China’s Chairman. 
China's Baidu revises earnings date on coronavirus fears  
Any foreign nationals who have been to China over the past 2 weeks will be banned from entering the US if they have no immediate family who are US citizens or permanent residents. 
"China threat theory" is (like "Japan-bashing" in the 80s) just a PR term designed to delegitimize criticism. And you are a PR guy: the throat & tongue of the Party. You probably don't even realize the irony of your being able to use a platform that your government bans at home.
If you want to help shore up US influence in Africa  like China, alienating Nigeria makes so very little sense. Even from a narrow natsec policy angle, this makes no sense. Particularly given it doesn't target tourist visas but immigrants.
If the Chinese Clowns can’t sterilize the Gowns, maybe it is time to rethink vaccines from China?  …
passenger from  feeling unwell flight approached Hobart no quarantine in Hobart NO AFP so the plane sat on the tarmac for hour 42 deg heat where else is this happening after point of entry putting Tas at risk what’s g  …
It’s probably because of an article they posted today claiming the coronavirus was a bio-terror weapon developed in China and doxxed the alleged scientist behind it. Irresponsible of them, but a suspension is heavy handed censorship
Hi @SteveKerr What's your take on the concentration camps in China?  …
China coronavirus: Foreign Ministry calls US Commerce Secretary William Ross ‘unkind’ for saying outbreak will accelerate the return of jobs to the US  …
So @zerohedge has been suspended by Twitter due to telling the truth about the Virus maybe with a few speculations but still the current news, all of this proves that China controls what it wants to in the social media sphere. #Zerohedge #China #coronarvirus
The end goal of Socialism is Communism. Does anyone really think our government wants our country to look like Venezuela? Hell no. But if we could look like China, our government would love that.
In Video | Cargo plane to evacuate Turkish citizens from China arrives in 
For true leadership one only needs to look to Singapore who is denying entry to all Chinese who have visited China within the past fortnight even those in transit are prohibited. We need a singaporean style government. That would fix the left and criminal elements and PC.
Docs on Kurshner/China requested 2017; will be available July '21. Yes, twentyONE.
“The WHO urged countries to avoid travel restrictions, but very soon after that, the USA did the opposite," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said in a statement on Friday. "It's truly mean." EXCUSE ME! China did same to Mexico in 2009.  …
 the international response to the #coronarvirus UK & Australia: Quarantining people returning from Wuhan for 2 weeks. Italy: Barring all flights from China. U.S.: Barring  from China. Canada: Absolutely nothing for fear of appearing racist.  …
Total preorder for NCT127 ' Neo Zone ' (2/1, 01.00 CST ) albums by China Fanbases : Taeil : 171 Johnny : - LeeTaeyongBar : 13.605 Yuta : 948 Doyoung : 6.233 Jaehyun : 8.653 Jungwoo : 1.395 Mark : 2.384 Haechan : 991 NCT : 254 NCT127 : 121 Total : 34.755 ©雪酿芝士糯米兔丶 
Most of those cases have been documented in mainland China.  
#Iran suspends flights to and from #China amid #coronavirus spread concerns  …
#Russia’s S7 Airlines cancels all regular flights to #China starting from Saturday 
The Trump administration declared a public health emergency over the coronavirus outbreak and said it would take the extraordinary step of barring entry to the United States of foreign nationals who have recently traveled to China  
Ighalo #mufc loan done. Flying from China in nxt 24 hrs. Medical in Mcr to follow. Utd paying c£4m in loan fees & wages. Short-term stop gap following Rashford injury, losing out on Haaland, being rebuffed on Danny Ings & collapse of late bid for Josh King  …
Today's Top News: 1. US Imposes #Travel Restrictions, Quarantine 2. 62 Nations Set China #Immigration Controls 3. #Senate Votes to Reject Calling Witnesses LIVE NOW:  
Holy shit zerohedge suspended immediately after posting the articles/links about Coronavirus being manufactured by China...CCP censorship team must have a direct line to Jack's office 
Trump and America First* *Brought to you by Russia, Ukraine, and China.
Day 25 #ABC_challenge #AnywherebutChina #ABC_challenge is to raise awareness of China's economic infiltration to oppress world's freedom & human rights. Please join Anywhere But China challenge and share products not made in China 
THIS WEEK —Impeachment trial —No witnesses —Bolton bombsells —J.Kelly —BREXIT —Travel bans —Coronavirus —China —SCOTUS TrumpTax —RIP Kobe —WaPo —D.Collins —Trump DSM —IOWA —Bernie —DNC rules —Immigrant $test —Pompeo/NPR —MidEast peace plan —BuzzFeed shakeup —$1T deficit
It's not racist to be skeptical of the eating habits in China. It has led to a global health emergency and could potentially kill millions. Not all cultures are equal!
We are watching suicide of Socialist DEMS & globalist MSM gone insane w @realDonaldTrump Derangement Syndrome. #Ukrainegate is DEMS & MSM calling artillery strike on their own position, brings attention to Biden Corruption #Ukraine & China @RudyGiuliani #KAG2020 @UkraineLiberty
Allahu Akbar. "China called Islam a virus and worked very hard to extinguish it in its country, they banned the Quran, they banned praying, they banned fasting and locked down million innocent muslims in cell, killed innocent Muslims,made life difficult for the Muslims, tried
As I predicted, #Ukraine hoax backfired on lying MSM & hard-left DEMS by drawing attention to Biden scandal in Ukraine & China @realDonaldTrump Iowa will END Biden hopes as Hunter corruption now invites criminal investigation  … #KAG #ImpeachmentHoax LOSERS
I love this quote from the Chinese Embassy in Copenhagen: “On January 23, a few individuals in Denmark and the Amnesty International erected an anti-China sculpture outside the Danish parliament”. Come on China - the few individuals was the Green Party @alternativet_
China  its newest vassal state. 
This is your brain  core math , you can say it but it just doesn't add up. China awaits your visit to help with the Coronavirus.  …
The coronavirus in two months has sickened thousands in China and reached more than a dozen countries. Here's a look at how it spread. 
"U.S. Temporarily Bars Foreigners Who Have Recently Visited China from Entering U.S."  …
A convenience store we visited in Wuhan yesterday had just received a new shipment of Dettol disinfectant and hand wash — but the logistics of getting those supplies here have  China locked down 50 million people and has to keep them fed  …
China stops eating everything that moves 
Sad. Coronavirus - Cats and dogs ‘thrown from tower blocks’ in China after fake news rumors animals are causing spread  …
Talk about a Friday news dump - US to deny entry to foreign nationals who recently traveled to China - Imposing 14-day quarantine on US citizens returning from China - Federal quarantine on Wuhan travelers - Official Brexit - No impeachment witnesses - Expanded immigration ban
I feel I can breathe a momentary sigh of relief for the night. We need to remain vigilant but we just mitigated  in a huge way. That said, Im very worried for the people in China and all my friends that are there or with family or friends there. Hoping for the best
First time in history of all the 16times the senate has a vote on witness, the 16th(49-51) shows why trump is called "telfon don, heil führer" America's first emperor, now he's going to ask China & other nations to get dirt on Joe Biden. Vote like there's no 2moro!! #VBNMW2020
I have officially parted ways with @Europe With that being said my country and I are looking for a new union to join or form, preferably with trade deals with Canada and China. Vouches and retweets much appreciated
Favour is better than labour- Odion Ighalo 2019. The manifestation of that quote can be seeing in his life, look at him from China to Manchester United under 24 hours. May favour locate you and I too in this life.
Breaking News #Coronavirus Update 01/02/2020: The virus is now have 11213 infected and 259 deaths. I have no words. Pray for everyone in #China include my family relatives. 
I dont know if it's true but this video of drones in China giving voice demands to people to put on their masks or go home is scary! #WuhanCoronavirus #coronavirus #FridayThoughts 
My dad came home from China yesterday.. so we're gonna wait it out and see if I die. Just in case, here's me before death { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme brat asian } 
Have I mentioned that my booth is across the aisle from a BIG one promoting  and animation? They have a monitor, which either displays pages  or talks up “the largest animation school in the world,“ in China. 
Life is peak for Ighalo. Got his dream move. Back in the prem. Earning shit tons of money. Escaped from China (coronavirus scares and what not). He's genuinely living life rn haha 
Ighalo woke up in China and tonight is a Manchester United play. This is really an amazing story. Congratulations to Ighalo
BREAKING: China virus death toll rises to 258 with 45 new fatalities, government says | via @AFP #coronavirus 
#Spain confirms first case of fast-spreading #coronavirus gripping #China  
Dr. Liang Wudong, who was treating patients of coronavirus in Wuhan, China gets infected while treating patients and  the first doctor to die from the new Coronavirus. A reminder that while everyone else is trying to avoid it, frontline medical staff are risking 1/2
If you're a Nigerian in China, now is not the time to remember the son of whom you are. Stay there please. It's the biggest service you'd be doing your country.
This could be huge: As China-Vietnam Relations Deteriorate, Hanoi Mulls Closer Ties With the U.S.  …
Oh cool, China is allowing you  on politics and policy again.  …
If tax cuts, unemployment below 4%, selling rice to China and the USMCA ( just time name a few) are what you’re talking about, what “principles” are at at stake?  …
The US will bar entry to foreign nationals who have been in mainland #China in the past 14 days, in a ramp-up of efforts to stem the spread of the #Coronavirus. The temporary ban won't apply to the immediate family of US citizens or permanent  …
Via @NBCAsianAmerica >> Gary Locke, a former Secretary of Commerce and Ambassador to China, has  the SEVENTH Obama-Biden cabinet member to support  …
China has taken strictest measures to curb epidemic and hopes  understand and support China's efforts  
as I mention in the segment the coronavirus may very well cause streaming viewership and gaming time to go up in China as more people are stuck indoors, but discussing mega corporations increase their value while people are sick and dying is absurd
BTW...for all of you that like Amazon, Ebay, etc. Most of  from China...'cept it isn't because of this coronavirus...just sayin'... 
Barcelona wey buy player 40m from China wan troll Man United for loaning Ighalo
If you've read *anything* about Trump's activities in China, Turkey, Iraq, Syria, Iran or Venezuela, let alone those of his dealings in Ukraine that are  to light, you know the House of Representatives has a *lot* more impeaching to do RETWEET if you're ready to roll
 the media are SILENT on the fact that China’s only Level 4 BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS LABORATORY is located in Wuhan, where the #coronavirus started? I guess that don’t want to “offend” the Chinese government. #auspol  …
"China's GREAT WALL Of Silence"  … #OppressionMadeInChina #SaveUyghurMuslims #OneVoice1 #OneVoiceMEWorldView #wtpTEAM 
Great move bringing Ighalo in from China, first thing I hope he does is give Lingard the coronavirus
Wait, so Ighalo is in bed in China, poor cunt doesn’t even know he’s signed for us, Jesus, when he wakes up and switches the TV on, he’ll wish he’d caught that Virus
Solskjær has a plan... Sign Ighalo from China Sparks an outbreak of the coronavirus Football is suspended in the UK Liverpool don’t win the Premier League 
A more nimble Nigerian Government, with a more focused foreign and economic policy team should have already read the tea leaves and focused on a multilateral approach to the 21st Century - cultivate ties with US, China, India, EU etc. and play them against each other.
By imposing temporary travel restrictions on China, the president has taken decisive action to protect Americans against the Wuhan coronavirus.  the administration for taking the situation seriously and erring on the side of caution.
JUST IN: China virus death toll rises to 258 with 45 new fatalities 
United's plan behind signing Ighalo: Sign Ighalo from China Coronavirus enters UK England suspends football Liverpool don't WIN the league.. #DeadlineDay
Giroud Jovic + Cavani available & man are shopping in China! Coronavirus got everything reduced to clear Ed couldn’t pass it up #MUFC
I spoke to Yahoo Finance on the coronavirus affecting the world of esports and gaming with Blizzard and Riot postponing games in China for the Overwatch League 
January... Tesla $TSLA: +56% Bitcoin: +28% Amazon $AMZN: +9% $MSFT: +8% Long-term Treasuries $TLT: +8% Volatility $VXX: +7% $GOOGL: +7% Apple $AAPL: +5% Gold $GLD: +4.5% Nasdaq 100 $QQQ: +3% Bonds $AGG: +2% S&P 500 $SPY: -0.04% Small Caps $IWM: -3% China $FXI: -9% Oil $USO: -15%
I now understand why Manchester United went for Idion Ighalo Man  from China so no defender will go close to him for him to be infected with the coronavirus. Hence he’ll be able to score goals with ease Ole, looking for easy wins. I Stan!
Assuming there are no problems with his flight, as there were on Thurs, Ighalo is due to fly from China tomorrow. Medical once he's in Manchester. Wolves match tomorrow #mufc's last before winter break and Chelsea on Feb 17. Feeling is break will give Ighalo some time to bed in
China not telling us the full story...  …
1/31 #Coronavirus Update: 11,301 Cases 258 fatalities US has suspended all flights from US to China Canadian Public Health Officials are leading the way in helping to stop the spread of "Racism" Protecting Canadians from coronavirus? Not a priority   …
Harvard Professor, BU Researcher Among 3 Arrested For Ties To China – CBS Boston  …
#CoronaVirus declared emergency in US! President of United States, @realDonaldTrump signed a proclamation declaring any foreign nationals, other than immediate family of US citizens+permanent residents who traveled in China last 14 days are denied entry. 
People need to see Ole for the genius he is and start giving him respect. Signs Ighalo from China, brings over coronavirus with him, half the league  infected and has to be cancelled therefore stopping Liverpool winning the league.OLES AT THE WHEEL! #ManUtd
Are you asleep Mr @SMQureshiPTI could you plz help Pakistanis stuck in China? Indians have done it or do we have cold-frozen hearts?  …
2019-nCoV respiratory disease update: There are currently 11,301 confirmed cases worldwide, including 258 fatalities, 239 have been recovered. This image shows the latest data from mainland China. We'll give you the next update in about 10 hours (if any) 
Same boat, sold the idea that Senegal would  a future city, and it will but that's because China  with the USA over influence and control of the African future economy. So they give out massive loans that you cant repay and in return they get to control Gov.
HE JUST CAME FROM CHINA AND HE ISNT GETTING A MEDICAL NAH WTF CORONAVIRUS WRITTEN ALL OVER IT  …
Official announcement  later. Player will fly to Manchester from China in  days. After tomorrow, @ManUtd don't play again until 17  …
1. @WHO's daily #2019nCoV update reports nearly 10,000 cases. That will be out of date in a couple of hours when China posts its Jan. 31 numbers. The daily jump has been rising; it was almost 2000 cases yesterday. I'd expect more today. 
#MUFC needed another body and a greater goal threat, but signing a 30-year-old who had been playing in China for the last 3 years reeks of desperation and exposes their lack of a strategy in the transfer market.
Man Utd signing Watford cast-offs who've been in China for the last 3 years. 
This week’s @NYTmag cover. “In a China increasingly hostile to its Uighur minority, her parents tried for years to live as model citizens. Then one day they stopped answering her messages. The Disappeared.” Photograph by Asa Sjostrom. 
Scientists in China have reportedly developed an express test which can detect 2019-nCoV novel #coronavirus in under 15 minutes, in a major breakthrough which will hopefully help stem the tide of infection MORE:  
JUST IN: China's death toll from coronavirus has risen to at least 257 after Hubei province reported 45 people died on Friday alone 
DISTURBING: The U.S. Is Quarantining Citizens Brought Back From Wuhan China. Yet, Patty Hadju Says Canada Won't Do The Same  …
Very interesting FT story on Huawei's rise (and its current role in Britain's 4G networks) Seems like China's "buy Chinese/ localization" policies helped jump start China's network equipment manufacturing ecosystem.  
Dream move for #MUFC fan Odion Ighalo. Loan is not believed to include an option to buy. Official confirmation could take a while due to the time difference between England and China
Odion Ighalo grew up in ghettos, played in Nigeria, then Norway, Italy and Spain. Got his break at Watford, took it. Scored 14 in his first 19 Premier League games. Secured a huge move to China. Got linked to Barca, Inter, Spurs and now ends up at his dream club United. Wonderful  …
: Odion Ighalo has just officially  the first Nigerian first team player of Manchester United  his £4m loan move from China on #DeadlineDay. Favour > Labour in his 
The U.S. declares public health emergency over coronavirus and will deny entry to foreign nationals who have been in China 
Tottenham made a late move for Ighalo but #mufc have got him. Official announcement might still be a while off due to time zone difference between China and the UK.
I’m hearing about multiple #coronavirus cases in LA area. (Unconfirmed) Less than 10 but it’s here... we must take drastic action if we’re going to stop this virus. #China has caused a huge problem for the world.
And can't we fight both? Both is racism and both are not okay. So if a Chinese Muslim who has never been to China was rejected service solely due to her race, are you okay with it?
#BREAKING China virus death toll rises to 258 with 45 new fatalities, government says 
Manchester United signing of striker Odion Ighalo is all done. Joins #MUFC on loan until end of season, no option to buy. 30yo Nigeria international will fly from China to UK in next few days. He will not undergo a medical but is fit to play  …
BREAKING: Any foreign national who has traveled within China in the last two weeks will not be allowed into the US, according to a proclamation from President Trump  …
United have secured Odion Ighalo on loan until the end of the season. Currently in China but would fly to Manchester tomorrow.
Confirmed #coronavirus cases in #Xinjiang highlight the ongoing humanitarian crisis for Uyghurs. The 1+ million detained in camps cannot take basic precautions against the spread of the disease. #China should immediately release those detained.  …
Don’t understand why it took so long for our airlines to ban flights from China. Somebody recorded their arrival to Rome yesterday. Nobody checking anything. 0 control  …
BREAKING: 45 new coronavirus deaths in China
China produces 2 million Engineers every year. Nigeria produces 10millions Pastor every year yet witches are still disturbing us.
China, if you're listening, Senate Republicans just gave you the greenlight to provide Democrats with dirt on Trump. I know you've got some. I know you're mad about those tariffs. You know what to do.
BREAKING!! US Government Issues TRAVEL BAN on Foreigners From China, Declares Public Health Emergency !! @TheLastRefuge2 @Avery1776 @almostjingo  …
Santa Clara County Public Health confirming novel corona virus case in adult male who recently returned home from China. He was self isolated at home and came in contact with “very few individuals when he returned home,” according to Health Officer Dr. Sara Cody. 
Great move by the #USA and @realDonaldTrump today - all foreigners who have visited mainland China in the past 14 days will be denied access to the #USA. American citizens who have been to China will be quarantined for 14 days. Other countries should do the same  …
Trump bans foreign nationals who traveled to China from entering US on coronavirus fears  
At the end of the day, the future of Canada's economy is not China. It's the United States. My thoughts on Huawei, 5G, and Canada-China relations @BNNBloomberg  …
DISTURBING: The U.S. Is Quarantining Citizens Brought Back From Wuhan China. Yet, Patty Hadju Says Canada Won't Do The Same  …
I can confirm this. Local PHN notified our clinic they can only supply surgical masks. Masks are made in China however they are keeping them all there. We are unable to get any however the government is directing patients to see their doctor.  …
Scenes when the Coronavirus prevents the Ighalo move somehow. "The Coronavirus is the only thing that stopped us signing a former Watford player from China. That shows we're going places."
" NA GOD DO AM " when you ask Ighalo how he got to United from China
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE — All Americans returning from affected Chinese province will face 2-week quarantine — Chinese nationals effectively banned from visiting U.S. for now — More actions like mandatory evacuations from China under Trump’s consideration  …
Wuhan should have taken measures sooner to contain the coronavirus, the city’s Communist Party chief said. The virus has quickly spread beyond China's borders in recent days  
United players when Ighalo enters the dressing room from China. 
After breaching China’s internet firewall to follow news on the coronavirus as it emerged, this migrant worker sensed something dangerous  Then, he tried to save his family and village ⁠— and eventually ended up arrested.  …
We spent all day yesterday rebooking flights after American carriers started cancelling all flights to mainland China, and our hotel started running out of food. We paid $2600 for business class tickets to Japan at bc those were literally the only seats left out of country (5/n)
1 person tested positive for coronavirus in Santa Clara county & my job expects me to stay here when we get hundreds of people flying in from China every week? No thanks lmao who’s hiring
BREAKING: U.S. Declares Public Health Emergency, Will Ban Foreign Nationals Who've Been To China In Last 14 Days.  …
China Virus: 213 Dead, 9,954 Cases - LIVE BREAKING NEWS COVERAGE  …
A pic of my father in Jiangsu. Such a lively man. He was arbitrarily detained solely because he was an Uyghur scholar.He was jailed for the crime he did  is he now? Is he even alive? China, answer me! #FreeIminjanSeydin #StillnoInfo #VirusThreatInCamps 
Delta, United, and American all suspending flights between U.S. and China due to Coronavirus crisis:  
#asiantwitter Tang (618-906) China marbleware. A stoneware made of two different colored clays (brown and cream) that would be laid in lines, then rolled over to create the wavy shapes and covered in clear or yellowish glaze. I think they're lovely. 
JUST IN: Foreign nationals who traveled to China in past 2 weeks banned entry to US. | via 
Apologies everyone I've made a mistake, ighalo isn't in UK but he did fly out of China yesterday. Hearing it was Dubai. His insta story yesterday he was on a plane too. He will be delayed an introduction to the squad due to the coronavirus.
Virus kills 200+ & a travel ban on China is implemented to ensure America’s wellbeing. Dems, “agreed” After thousands of Americans have been murdered, a ban is put on countries with heightened extremist activities & inadequate vetting. Dems “  …
#China: The Dept of State may be staging additional evacuation flights for U.S. citizens on a reimbursable basis, leaving Wuhan Tianhe Intl Airport on or about Feb 3. Individuals subject to CDC screening and a strong possibility of quarantine. More info:  
China's reaction proves they know how serious this is. Canada's reaction proves we have idiots running the show.  …
The winner of the Department of International Trade Greater China Achievement in International Trade Awards 2020 Recognition Award is... Us - the Liverpool China Partnership! Thank you to the DiT and all our private, public + academic partners for their amazing support in 2019 
More than 200 people have died from a new #coronavirus following an outbreak in the central city of Wuhan, China. While symptoms of the disease have been traced back to December 8, China started reporting the numbers only on December 31  
Stunning rime scenery turns one of China's most notable mountains, Mount Huangshan, E China's Anhui, into a frozen wonderland. 
Plane landing in china 
We landed in China a week ago (came to visit our very ill grandfather in Shanghai and introduce the baby for the 1st time); now we’re scrambling to get home. The situation has changed so much in ways we never could have anticipated before we left (1/n) 
US bans foreign nationals who have visited China in last two weeks from entering country  …
Students from #Pakistan studying in #china are satisfied with measures taken by Chinese government against #coronarvirus, they vowed to defeat the outbreak of this disease which created uncertainty across the world. We are with China in this great cause. 
help set up a chemical/biological “Research” laboratory in China. Also arrested were two Chinese “Students” working as research assistants, one of whom was actually a lieutenant in the Chinese Army, the other captured at Logan Airport as he tried to catch a flight to China -
In case you missed it, today, Federal Agents arrested Dr. Charles Lieber, chair of Harvard University's Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology, with lying to the Department of Defense about secret monthly payments of $50,000.00 paid by China and receipt of millions more to
Donald Trump Levels Travel Ban Against Foreign Travelers from China to Block Coronavirus 
BIG coronavirus news: -Trump admin just declared a US public health emergency -all foreign nationals traveling from China barred entry to US, except family of citizens -mandatory quarantines for US  from Hubei -still "low risk" in the US  …
Airlines suspend China flights due to coronavirus  
Malcolm X said something about China not particularly being liked, but being respected. The more I reflect on that, the more sense it makes to me.
The @WHO response to #nCoV2019 proves that #China has too much influence there. @WHO downplayed the problem and does not allow #Taiwan in, increasing global risk. @WHO should stop playing politics and risking our lives.  …
DISTURBING: The U.S. Is Quarantining Citizens Brought Back From Wuhan China. Yet, Patty Hadju Says Canada Won't Do The Same.  …
“Given the fact that much of our essential medical supplies are produced in  from China, if we penalize China, it could work against our best interests,” @JenniferNuzzo tells @maggiemfox for  …
Starting Sunday, the U.S. will temporarily bar entry to foreign nationals believed to be at risk of transmitting a new virus. All flights from China will be funneled to seven major U.S. airports where passengers can be screened for illness. 
US Bars Entry to Travelers Who Have Recently Been in China Over Virus Outbreak  …
Mask or no mask: China has been pushing mask manufacturers to increase the output to satisfy demand amid the #coronavirus outbreak but conflicting advice is emerging on whether a mask should be worn  
American, Delta and United suspend China flights, citing coronavirus risks. The airlines made the call after State Department officials urged Americans to avoid China travel. 
Breaking: The Trump administration declared a public health emergency and announced it would temporarily bar foreign nationals who have traveled in China in the last two weeks from entering the country.  …
This quote really struck a cord with me - really makes you think in today's day and age: "China steals IP from other nations to enrich future generations. America steals from future generations to (further) enrich today’s wealthy. Who are the bad guys?" - @profgalloway
US declares public health emergency over coronavirus:  Starting Sunday at 5 p.m. ET, all passengers on flights to the US who have been in Hubei province in China in the last 14 days will be subject to up to 14 days of quarantine.
Manchester United are hoping to sign former Watford striker Odion Ighalo. One problem though... he's currently in China. Latest  #manutd #mufc #bbcfootball  …
BREAKING: US to bar foreigners who have been to China within last 14 days; quarantine US citizens returning home  …
#BREAKING: US announced a temporary ban on foreign national travel for those who have been in China within the last 14 days. The ban will be in effect beginning at 5 p.m. ET Sunday. 
Man Utd agree terms with Ighalo. A 30 year old who has been playing in China since 2017. Man Utd fans right now: 
JUST IN: Foreign nationals who traveled to China in past 2 weeks banned entry to US | via 
Jollof R9. Came from China. Told he had no chance. Dripping in coronavirus. Defenders have families. Killer. Winner. Baller. Premier League ain’t ready. Title charge. Ighalo SZN 
Most Watched Music Videos in the past 24hrs #1 Tusa — 7.417.769 (+1) #15 China — 2.671.182 (+2) #179 Secreto — 688.458 (+20) #335 Ocean — 464.702 (+39) #453 Créeme — 378.564 (+57) 
Should all flights from China to Australia be banned until the #coronavirus outbreak is under 
I wonder when the first Obama Federal Judge is gonna overrule Trumps ban on anyone who’s been to China.?? Could you imagine if a liberal judge forces us to take in sick people from China.??
Ighalo went from securing a deal in China to scoring several goals in their league to winning the highest goal scorer in the AFCON & now he has signed a deal with Man Utd. This isn’t just only about grace, his hardworking and good stats is paying off. Man Utd got a good player.
Major airlines cancelling flights to China until the end of March.  …
I want to thank everybody for all the messages and prayers for my family and I. My team in the CBA, Fujian Sturgeons, decided to send us home until they figure out the solution for the virus. Let’s all continue to pray for China. Thanks again for the love and support.
If this virus starts spreading in the US it will be 100x worse than in China because very few are going to risk thousands of dollars in medical debt to go to a hospital because of a fever
#NEW: US declares #Coronavirus public health emergency: - bars entry to foreign nationals (exc family of US citizens and PR) who have been in China in past 14 days - mandatory 14-day quarantine for US citizens who have been in Hubei in last 14 days  …
Great Point....Watch your  from China People....I personally Only by American so i wont have any Bat Piss on my packages  …
The Trump admin declared coronavirus a "public health emergency" in the U.S. with new measures starting Sunday: - Mandatory 2-week quarantine for citizens returning from Hubei in last 14 days - Suspending entry to many foreigners who traveled to China - CDC says public risk low 
#BREAKING: US bans all travelers who's been to #China in the last 14 days over #coronovirusoutbreak. They will be put under monitored self-quarantine. c/t @CathyHe_ET  …
The US broke China's quarantine, putting people without free access to healthcare at risk just because they're too racist to trust the Chinese  …
Let's imagine it's 2024. Joe Biden is President running against Donald Trump Jr in the  election. Don Jr. visits China. Biden demands that China arrest and jail Don Jr. as part of an agreement for a new trade deal. Biden gets away with it. This is now possible.
I'm ready for you China. 
Drones with cameras linked to facial-recognition systems could collect data for #China's nationwide social-credit system. That system is supposed to be up and running this year. Say hello to totalitarianism.  …
JUST IN: The United States imposes travel ban on foreign nationals who have been in China. I via 
Beginning on Feb. 2, any US citiizen returning home who has been in the Hubei province of China within the past 14 days will be quarantined for up to 14 days
#NEW on @OANN: The Trump administration declares the coronavirus a public health emergency in the U.S. The president signed an order banning foreign nationals from entering the U.S. if they have traveled to China within the past two weeks. Watch OANN for updates on the illness.
9,700 cases of CoronaVirus in China with 200+ Deaths now... 22 Countries have now confirmed 132 cases in those countries. 12 Individuals Confirmed who DID NOT Travel to China...
The Government of Jamaica has imposed a travel ban on all flights to and from the People’s Republic of China. All persons entering the island from China will be subject to immediate quarantine for a minimum of 14 days. 
Ken Cuccinelli, the acting deputy secretary of Homeland Security, said  flights from China will be limited to seven U.S. airports: - Atlanta - Honululu - JFK in New York - Los Angeles - O’Hare in Chicago - San Francisco - Seattle
Foreign nationals who travelled to China in the past two weeks banned entry to United States reports AFP news agency. #Coronavirus
You didn’t have the courage to stand up to China but we’ll talk about this ?
Are you tired of winning? Its policy after policy of a @realDonaldTrump Win! When you stack them up it starts to build a financial national security defense for heading into the election . Even with Coronavirus outbreak that will leans us off China manufacturing! 
BREAKING: The USA is now banning all foreigners from entering the country who have visited China in the last 14 days. Also, Germany now has 8 confirmed infections.
Western University say the woman confirmed as the third case of coronavirus in Ontario is a Western student, but say she has not been on campus since she returned to London as she self-isolated as soon as she arrived back from Wuhan, China.
JUST IN: President Trump has temporarily suspended entry into the United States for any foreign nationals who have traveled to China, the administration announced on Friday. #RIPAmerica #RIPGOP #ImpeachmentTrialSham #RIPAmerica #GOPCowards
Solskjær has a plan... Sign Ighalo from China Sparks an outbreak of the coronavirus Football is suspended in the UK Liverpool don’t win the Premier League 
There will be Black Monday for China markets next week.
Any US citizen who has been to Hubei province, #China within the past 14 days will be subject to quarantine for two weeks, announces @SecAzar.
JUST IN: The Trump administration has announced a ban on foreign national travel for those who have been in China within the last 14 days 
Declaring public health emergency over #coronavirus outbreak, US imposing temporary ban on entry for foreign nationals who visited #China in last 14 days. Americans returning from mainland China subject to health screening and up to 14 days quarantine.
6) BREAKING: US now says any foreign national who traveled to China in last 14 days will be denied entry to the US. The President ordered that this would be a temporary ban on people who could pose a health threat to the US.  …
Breaking News: The U.S. temporarily barred foreigners who visited China, as markets had their worst day in months over coronavirus fears 
So, uh... one of the papers I've got to read claims that China and Japan never excluded women from political life until they were introduced to the Western state system. I feel like I must be missing something because that seems... not true?
 coronavirus, U.S. to deny entry to foreign nationals who recently visited China and quarantine returning Americans  …
Lets not forget Skippy’s $600 million dollar bribe to the MSM,to kiss his A$$.The Bombardier give away then they laid off workers? Millions to China,his favourite Dictatorship for Climate Change.Not to mention the UN give away. Now he can’t account for 2.5 Billion that is missing  …
The US has reportedly issued a temporary travel ban related to novel coronavirus. This appears to be a broad sweeping ban, based on travel history not nationality, and likely to be considered by @WHO (and China) an unnecessary interference with international travel and trade.  …
1.) Our Shaykh Dr. @abdulahaldafiri حفظه الله was asked today in @Mpubs Weekly QA about saying the #coronavirus is a punishment from Allāh to China for their oppression of the #Uyghurs and he said we cannot say for certainty that it is however what we do know for certainty...
*Any American  in from China will receive health screening before being allowed to reenter the U.S. *Temporarily denies foreign nationals who have traveled to China entry into the U.S. *6 cases in U.S. (latest had close personal contact with another) (2/2)
Ice cold. No smile. AFCON goat. Coronavirus through his veins. Nigerian  from China. Dripping in sauce. Man United is back. Odion Ighalo SZN. 
HHS Secretary Alex Azar today declared the coronavirus a public health emergency and ordered any U.S. citizens returning from the center of the outbreak in China to be quarantined for two weeks  …
Mandatory quarantine for anyone returning from Hubei Province - self quarantine for anyone returning from China - more details now @FoxBusiness @AftertheBell now #coronoravirus
The CDC has issued federal quarantine orders for all 195 U.S. citizens who recently returned to the U.S. after living in China. These are the first federal quarantine orders issued in 50 years.  
Major U.S. airlines cancel China flights as government takes action  
People in face masks are a familiar sight amid the coronavirus outbreak in China and as cases pop up around the globe. Now, some are making sure their pets are covered, as well.  …
For the next century, we will be engaged in an ideological struggle between democracy and autocracy, especially with China, but also Russia and others. Our normative highground regarding democracy and the rule of law is taking a hit today.
The trade in wild animals doesn't only endanger species, it is also the source of many major human disease outbreaks. China must make this ban permanent, for the sake of people and #wildlife.  …
Beginning Sunday at 5pm, the US will implement new Coronavirus control measures. 14 days mandatory quarantine for any US  in from Hubei province. Also - any foreign  in from China will he denied entry into the US
THANK YOU!!! Hopefully this covers most of mainland China  …
NEW: Trump admin just announced a ban on foreign national travel for those who have been in China w/in the last 14 days. The US, HHS Sec. Azar said, is "temporarily suspending the entry into the US of foreign nationals who pose a risk of transmitting the 2019 novel coronavirus."
#BREAKING: Kurdistan Regional Government calls on citizens to postpone visits to China, will not issue visas for 30 days to Chinese nationals and foreigners who have visited China since January 14 
#BREAKING Foreign nationals who traveled to China in past 2 weeks banned entry to US 
**HAPPENING NOW: Beginning Feb. 2nd, Sec. Azar says US citizens returning from the Wuhan Province region in China will be subject to quarantine. Also temporarily suspending the entry into the US of foreign nationals who pose a risk for the transmission of the virus @OANN
Things Trump was dishonest about yesterday: Impeachment, Michigan, Social Security, estate tax, household  Veterans Choice, a deal with South Korea, the USMCA, energy, Obamacare, Mexico, judges, pre-existing conditions, the media, Democrats, China.  …
When you have the chance to sign a 30-yr-old who's been playing in China for three years, who's on £300,000-a-week, you don't know when he's going to be able to play because he's effectively in quarantine & seemingly doing the whole thing via email...you have to take that chance
Manchester United in a deadline day race to sign a player based in China while there’s a near worldwide ban on flights out of China. Peak Ed Woodward.
BREAKING: U.S. declares coronavirus a public health emergency, will deny entry to foreigners who visited China within the last 14 days
There’s this dog I’m hella obsessed with on Instagram and he’s a rescue from the meat trade in China, he’s having a meet and greet and I’m gonna go lmao I love him
We are shutting down travel from China, Thank God. Foreign nationals that have traveled through China in last 14 days not going o be allowed entry Mandatory 14 day quarantine for US citizens returning the Wuhan province From rest of China, "self quarantine" Beginning Feb 2.
BREAKING: U.S. will ban foreigners who visited China within the last 14 days from entering the country
"When a ruler treats his subjects like grass and dirt, then the subjects should treat him as a bandit and an enemy," said Mencius. People of #China, #HongKong, #Tibet, #Uyghurs, #Taiwan and beyond vs Xi Jinping's #CCP regime I'm on the side of the people, not the 
Medical workers from all over China saying goodbye to loved ones as they leave for Wuhan city to aid the coronavirus control efforts there. They are together in the fight unlike some vermin wishing it enters Nigeria so they can mock the president. 
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s mandatory 14-day quarantine for nearly 200 Americans who returned from Wuhan, China, is the first such order in more than 50 years 
A passenger who was onboard the US State Department evacuation flight from Wuhan, China, to California tells CNN the CDC mandated 14 day quarantine “is a very good thing" 
NEW: White House task force outlines CDC response to coronavirus outbreak. "This is a serious health situation in China, but I want to emphasize that the risk to the American public currently is low."  
Footnote... Ighalo was booked on a flight out of Shanghai yesterday morning. It didn’t take off because of the virus. Deal looked off. It’s now firmly back on. But he’s still in China! More @MirrorFootball
: Odion Ighalo is about to  the first ever Nigerian to play for Manchester United after agreeing personal terms to a 6 month loan deal from China. 
90% of the people think your stance on China is hypocritical.
Arsenal without Aubameyang: Gabriel Martinelli steps up. Manchester United without Rashford are forced to beg Ighalo to join them from China because Greenwood can't step up. The debate is over.
A Sri Lankan Airlines aircraft UL 1423 carrying the 33 students and families departed from Wuhan airport China a short while ago. MFA @MFA_SriLanka #LKA #SriLanka #CoronaVirus  …
What about China, Steve? Woke unless wallet.
Ighalo flying in from China and sneezing in his first team meeting to take out the entire Man Utd squad for a year with the Coronavirus would pretty much sum up that club since Fergie retired.
BREAKING: White House coronavirus task force holds press briefing as airlines suspend flights to China amid the outbreak.  …
1/31 #CoronavirusOutbreak Nowadays in mainland China, if you don’t wear a face mask, you can be arrested or pepper sprayed as a suspicious criminal. The video showed such drama in Shenzhen, one of the most prosperous cities in Southern China. This is real scene in China. 
Watch this time-lapse of China building a coronavirus hospital in two weeks. 
How Tf that virus get here from China before my wish order came?
Well now. This is an interesting question. Lots of people order from Alibaba. **Are packages from coronavirus-hit China safe to handle?  #FoxNews
Odion Ighalo is in China at the moment  things. But my understanding is that talks are going on. What a move for him if it happens. #MUFC
This update from excellent colleague @JohnBennettBBC. Ighalo is talking to Man Utd. He is also in China.
This is not all about China! This is about our president prioritizing them instead of his own people! #OustDuterte
The Most Innovative Economies 2020 1.Germany 2.S. Korea 3.Singapore 4.Switzerland 5.Sweden 6.Israel 7.Finland 8.Denmark 9.US 10.France 12.Japan 15.China 18.UK 22.Canada 27.Malaysia 33.Spain 35.Turkey 44.UAE 46.Brazil 54.India (Bloomberg)
Below is a link to a video that I was asked to do in order to encourage believers who are suffering in China. However, the truths proclaimed apply to any Christian who is suffering any malady in this fallen world. Please let it be a reminder for you to pray for the persecuted.  …
Tactical masterclass from Woodward to sign a player from China, defenders will actively avoid him
HOLY MOTHER OF CHINA.... Okay so if you had China on your Airbus FCPA ITAR bingo card then we should be BFFs forever cc @911CORLEBRA777 you NEED to read the Criminal Statement of Facts re Airbus SV & FCPA  
Victoria Falls Airport, port health staff conduct screenings of travellers arriving from China and other 2919-nCoV reporting countries 
Holy crap that dude's hands are tiny. And China should stop eating f*cking bats.
This action is a precautionary and preventive step to maximize the containment of the virus in the interest of the health of the American public. The current epidemic in Mainland China has demonstrated the #2019nCoV’s capacity to spread 
You sure do have a lot of thoughts except when  to China when you bent the knee to them.
Hidden gems in China nk7 | IG 
China criticises US for travel warning over coronavirus 
If China fails to contain the coronavirus outbreak, the price will be paid by all  …
Trump is now quarantining  into the US from Wuhan, China. Why is he not vaccinating kids in border camps to protect them from another deadly virus--the flu--that has already killed 8,200 adults and children? #Coronavirus #Flu  …
Ighalo said "Favour over Labour" two months ago, Twitter NG attacked him. He just got woken up on the morning in China to news of Mourinho fighting Man Utd for his signature. He's a miracle working God.
JUST IN: Health Minister @christufton announces additional restrictions as Jamaica responds to #Coronavirus now a global emergency. People entering the island from China will be subjected to immediate quarantine for minimum 14 days. Isolation facilities identified - Janet Silvera 
Video: Drones in China voice demands to people to put on their masks or go home #Brexit #Trump 
Five Bitcoin mining entities -- all of them based in China -- control 49.9% of  power on the network 
The Coronavirus is in the news and sounds scary. It is and it can be very deadly. Our friends in China are in for a rough time. Here in Canada and the United States the greater threat is The Flu- 8000 or more will die from it. Use proper hygiene and immunize! 
My friend in China is feeling slightly ill, he’s got a case of Corona Lite.
Or , you could fly to China and help out with the Coronavirus.  …
Travel bans can do more damage than they avert, public health experts warn as some lawmakers demand the isolation of #China over #2019nCoV outbreak. From @meggophone &  …
A Western student is confirmed to have Novel Coronavirus. The student took great care in terms of self-isolation and treatment, and has not been on campus since returning from China. @mlhealthunit has confirmed there is very low risk to 
Life is unpredictable .. Humanity is ultimate love A little baby in China is infected by #coronarovirus 
China, if you’re listening, please hack Trump’s phone.
Definitely a great find & WTH would anyone want to make a virus? Only one  to mind & that’s to rank havoc on other countries & China is making new strains of the virus & that is not a good thing
Man United been aware of Odion Ighalo potential availability for a while. Interest stepped up in last 48 hours amid other targets. We told you about it yesterday as he was keen to fly back. He’s still in China. Could arrive on loan. Will go to the wire. @MirrorFootball
Overseas  in #Britain have been donating money and medical supplies to help the fight against the novel #coronavirus in China. 
Jamaica has issued a travel ban on travel to and from China following the move by the @WHO to declare the Corona virus a Global Health 
This week I joined @SenCoryGardner in urging the @WHO to grant Taiwan observer status at WHO meetings and gatherings, and I continue to call on the FAA to issue a temporary travel ban to and from China and implement advanced screenings at US airports. 
Since 2017, China has been detaining Uighur Muslims in secret internment camps, which currently hold an estimated 1 million people. At first, China denied the existence of these camps. Then they changed their story.  …
I can’t have a plastic straw for my drink, but Africa can sell it’s elephants off to China and Dubai to be killed by a bunch of uncultured mouth breathers that think it’ll help with their limp, tiny penis problem. WTH is wrong with people’s priorities?  …
As the coronavirus in China continues to rapidly spread, @delta, @united & @AmericanAir are making the right decision to prioritize the safety of the flying public by temporarily suspending flights between the US & China.  …
“Russia has closed its ENTIRE 2,600-mile border with China. Time to shut down travel between China and US,” said @SenTomCotton. 2 members of Congress are calling for shutting down travel between #China and the US amid the recent  …
To see what the #coronavirus outbreak really looks like, Dr. Rajeev Fernando took a one-day trip on Jan 18 to #Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the outbreak. As an infectious disease expert, what he saw was surprising, and alarming. @news_ntd  
Damage to Trump? Really? You mean how his poll numbers rose FIVE POINTS during impeachment? How GOP fundraising has been off the charts? How he got USMCA passed and signed & the China deal done and a Mideast peace plan? Where the hell is there "damage" to Trump?
Jamaica Issues Ban on China Related Travel 
Coronavirus: China is accused of burning bodies in secret with the crematoriums working an unheard of 24 hours a day. #CoronavirusOutbreak China is hiding the number of deaths caused by this rapidly spreading virus. True death toll?  …
Where's China on this list?  …
Due to the threat of novel coronavirus, the @StateDept recently adjusted the travel advisory for #China to a Level 4, meaning individuals should not travel there. Learn more about these restrictions at  Photo from 
Ighalo to #mufc an odd one. He wasn't considered earlier in the week and to be rushing to get a deal done for a 30-year-old who's been playing in China for past three years feels more like desperation than a well thought out move.
China has arrested “dozens of social media users” for spreading “false info” about #coronavirus.“ 1 arrested man is a doctor," on the front line of the fights to contain the virus.” Show's how immoral & counterproductive #CCP's censorship really  …
Five mining entities -- all of them based in China -- control 49.9% of  power on the Bitcoin network, the highest concentration of mining power ever, a new analysis from TokenAnalyst found 
Before and after high-resolution SkySat imagery reveals one of the new hospitals in Wuhan, China. It was built in a matter of days to  the fast-spreading virus. 
An Air India flight carrying 324 Indian nationals from the coronavirus hit Hubei Province of China took off from Wuhan in the early hours of Feb 1. Majority of the passengers were Indian students. We sincerely thank the Chinese government for facilitating this flight. (1/3)
FYI, in china HIV drugs r actually being used as treatment for coronavirus.. What do you have to say about that?  …
True - imagine had we had 100% reliance, John. But I can also tell you that because of our inter-connectedness, Trump will save China from a depression. We'll get this thing fixed fast.  …
Track flights to/from China’s 25 busiest airports and see how to track some of the international evacuation flights from Wuhan.  
Who surprised by this, Trudeau is just following the lead of his favourite dictatorship China. It’s unthinkable that in 2020 Canada has a wannabe dictatorship in the making on Parliament Hill!  …
Coronavirus outbreak: Air India flight with 324 Indians takes off from China's Wuhan for Delhi
#BREAKING US quarantines all 195 American evacuees from China at Riverside military base amid mounting #coronavirus concerns  …
Man Utd should sign #Ighalo from China & send him straight over to Anfield to breathe on all the LiVARpool players. Signing of the season
United have agreed a six-month loan deal to sign Odion Ighalo. The player will travel to Manchester tonight pending  the medical in China. #MUFC 
So they’ve evacuated the brits from China and are sending them straight to isolation  by health officials head to foot in hazmat suits! ... did nobody bother to tell the poor bugger driving the bloody coach? 
Student at Albert Leonard Middle School in #NewRochelle #NewYork Tests Positive For Common #Coronavirus Strain Child's strain was #NL63, not #nCoV19 (strain of coronavirus that originated in China) Who else has not yet announced their illness?  …
My next book _The Compensations of Plunder: How China Lost Its Treasures_ will be published in July with UChicago Press. It's about time Pelliot's iconic photo of Cave 17 got its own book cover!  
Folks, we now have a positive case of novel #coronavirus in #ldnont. The individual is a young woman who is a student at Western, but has NOT been on campus since returning from China. The risk associated with this case is very low for several reasons: 1/
The United States Embassy and Consulates in China are cancelling immigrant and nonimmigrant visa appointments the week of February 3, and will resume routine visa services as soon as possible but are unable to provide a specific date at this time. 
One asks Australia “ how can we help?” The other informs China “We stand ready to assist” Unotoshaya_kuti_zviri_kufamba_sei
China's First Coronavirus Hospital opens after just 48 Hours of construction. #coronarovirus 
NOTE: most diagnosed outside of China have had mild illness. This suggests there may be many mild and unrecognized infections in China. We understand more each hour and need to keep learning so we can best protect people.
FEDERAL QUARANTINE: The CDC now says the 195 Americans evacuated from Wuhan, China must remain in quarantine at March Air Reserve for 2 weeks, the first CDC-ordered quarantine in 50 years.  
Now Ighalo talking to @ManUtd - player still in China tonight.
American and Delta Airlines are stopping flights to China amid the coronavirus outbreak 
And let’s talk about China connections..  …
Government should send cows to China so that they can use their urine & dung to cure Coronavirus but it's kinda risky. Wo log kutta aur cockroach ka paaya bana dete hain, Gaay ka bhi bana diye toh....  …
Leaked images of Ighalo having his medical at Man Utd ahead of his move from China #DeadlineDay 
'Orwellian' and 'dystopian' are words being uttered on social media today in reaction to patrol drones flying around #China ordering people to put on face masks or go inside amid the #coronavirus  …
Three of the largest US airlines -- Delta, American and United -- have canceled more flights between the United States and China because of concerns about the spread of coronavirus. 
The U.S. Interior Department Signs No-Fly Order, Grounding All of Its Chinese-Made Drones If it was made in China—or uses Chinese parts—it ain't flying.  …
The coronavirus is about to turn me into a libertarian, because  have been more willing to end flights to and from China than  …
#BREAKING: @CDCGov issues federal quarantine for the first time in 50 years, ordering all 195 passengers on flight from China to stay on March ARB for 14 days from when the plane left China because of #coronarvirus. Riverside Co. says no passengers have shown symptoms yet.
JUST IN: Kuwait warns against travel to China and calls on its citizens there to return
BREAKING: Officials issued a quarantine order for all 195 American evacuees from China that landed Wednesday at March Air Reserve Base in Riverside 
The @WHO has identified Nigeria and 12 other African countries as top-risk for Coronavirus. These graphics provide information on all you need to know about the 'novel' Coronavirus. Do you agree with calls from some quarters that Nigeria should ban inbound flights from China? 
On Thursday, the rapid outbreak of coronavirus prompted the U.S. State Department to issue a level 4 travel advisory ("Do not travel") – its most severe warning – for the entire country of China.  …
Equity returns, last 12 years... USA: +205% Japan: +41% France: +33% Germany: +24% UK +21% China: +5% Spain: -12% Brazil: -14% Russia: -27% Italy: -30% (note: total return, in US $) 
. @UPS_Foundation is providing free air transportation of more than 2 million respirator masks and 11,000 protective coveralls to China to  the spread of the coronavirus in Wuhan, China. This delivery will address a critical shortage of personal protective equipment.
Huawei’s “Safe City” products have fueled concerns that China is exporting authoritarianism:  
An elderly lady is confused. A young child runs away. This video from China’s state mouthpiece @globaltimesnews - hovering drones watch China’s citizens and tell them to put on masks and go home as #WuhanCoronavirus infections rise. Necessary? Orwellian? What do you think?  …
Queen Victoria having sugar in her tea supported slavery? Except slavery was abolished in the British Empire 4 years before her coronation and it was the British who took tea from China to India.
It means someone manufactured this virus in a lab with snippets of HIV proteins in it. Thus the reason why HIV meds have been used in treating the virus in China.
Heart Breaking scene *Baby Infected with corona virus In wuhan, china* #coronarovirus 
#isitok that the coaches sent to collect evacuees landing from China were supplied by  called ‘Horseman’. And that there were 4 of them? 
The moment the meat market theory & videos came out of China.I was sure. Mysterious virus origin story is explained so fast with  out of China in unprecedented scale was a giveaway. Because they started blaming , & so early as the origin ,I was sure .
Quote of the Day, by @Yaqiu - China's #Coronavirus response needs to stop censorship, respect freedom of movement, address discrimination.  
There should be independent labs studying this virus all over the world and if they  to similar conclusions that this virus has insertions that could only been created in a lab, then that proves China's official fish market origin story is a scam to protect themselves.
“Travelers should be prepared for travel restrictions to be put into effect with little or no advance notice.” The @StateDept warned Americans against traveling to #China amid the  …
Passengers from the plane that carried Britons from Wuhan in China have arrived at a facility on the Wirral where they will spend 14 days in quarantine
NEW: For first time in 50 years, CDC orders a federal quarantine for American evacuees who were flown to California from Wuhan, China, amid the coronavirus outbreak. 
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has ordered a federal 14-day quarantine for nearly 200 Americans who recently returned from Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak. 
The director-general of the UN's World Health Organization (WHO) praised China for its response to the coronavirus, saying it is "actually setting a new standard for outbreak response" You won't see this in the hysterically racist Western media coverage  …
BRK: As India sent its first flight by @airindiain for evacuation to China's Wuhan, here's a motley group of professionals, students -- young medicos,scientists & entrepreneurs from the city in lockdown-- being taken in vans, buses to airport @timesofindia Prayers on their 
*Baby Infected with corona virus In wuhan, china* 
This CoronaVirus is going to be used to push TRANSPARENCY. Think about it, NO ONE KNOWS the true numbers of the deaths, cases, locations of those with CoronaVirus.. blockchain will solve all of this. And the CoronaVirus only made it's appearance AFTER the US/CHINA TRADE DEAL!
LATEST: Dow Jones slumps more than 500 points as a virus outbreak that originated in China continued to widen, stoking stock investors' worries about the potential global economic fallout.  
Senator Calls For Immediate Shut Down of All Flights From China to U.S. -  …
Zimbabwe is promising to help China when they can’t provide pain killers In hospitals @Jamwanda2 @nickmangwana, 
Sanlitun, Beijing, ~8:30PM local time. Used to be the most vibrant area in Beijing (like Time Square NY), now it’s all ghosted Can’t imagine Q1 GDP hit in China, the entire GDP machine just pauses like this ... 
This is the worst of both types of reactions -- extreme and ineffective: 1)a travel ban when the WHO urged nations not to do so and 2)that will be in a place a week from now as if the virus will just hang out until then in China. Somebody explain this one.  …
Communist China is always lying about figures and statistics. The Corona virus is way more grave than they make it seem. Is The True Number Of Coronavirus Victims Far Larger Than We Are Being Told? | Zero Hedge  …
Went to a Biden rally today. I coughed a few times and told the people I just got back From a business trip in Wahun, China. All 12 people left, including CNN.
Tottenham have had a six-month loan deal knocked back for former Watford forward Odion Ighalo. If he leaves China this evening, he will be going elsewhere - with Spurs now unlikely to sign a striker before the end of the transfer window, but continuing to explore their options.
The State Department is warning Americans not to travel to China, one day after the coronavirus was declared a global health emergency. 
Oh dear! Gerry's  Canada Goose depends on China for it's profits! Oops, stock down 6% today. So sad for those golden stock options.
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has ordered a federal 14-day quarantine for nearly 200 Americans who recently returned from Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak. 
The Wuhan coronavirus has hit Xinjiang, where China has imprisoned at least 1 million Uighur Muslims. Its filthy detention camps will make inmates sitting ducks.  …
#China will surely continue to employ totalitarian measures, like drones with cameras and speakers, after the epidemic. The regime is unlikely to give up any means to control people, especially if recriminations dominate the national conversation.  …
I'm just saying that Manu really  coaching, Spurs fans Coach Ginobili? Watch Manu Ginobili teach the finer points of basketball in China  … #nba 
The first case of coronavirus has been confirmed in Sweden. The patient is a woman who had visited the Wuhan area in China 
In response to the continued drop in demand for travel to China & the U.S. Department of State’s decision to raise its China travel advisory to a Level 4, we're suspending operations between the U.S. & Beijing, Chengdu & Shanghai beginning 2/6. Learn more:  
New: The U.S. is placing 195 Americans who were evacuated from Wuhan, China, under a mandatory 14-day quarantine in an effort to limit the possible spread of the coronavirus. 
Gilead (GILD) announces China will test its experimental antiviral drug remdesivir as a possible treatment for #2019nCoV. The drug is active against related CoVs SARS & MERS in vitro & in animal studies. China will conduct a clinical trial.
The U.S. has taken the rare step of imposing a quarantine on 195 Americans who were evacuated from Wuhan, China, on Wednesday to a military base in California. The group will be held for 14 days. 
Robredo: Travel ban should cover whole China  …
JUST IN: Americans evacuated from China over the coronavirus will be quarantined 14 days by the CDC I Love it....Trump getting Americans out of their and making sure we’re all safe
LATEST: CDC orders federal quarantine for all 195 passengers who were repatriated from Wuhan, China, and are currently voluntarily quarantined at a base in California. It's the first order of its kind in 50 years. 
If you’ve recently travelled from Wuhan, China, and are experiencing flu-like symptoms — do not go to your GP practice or hospital. Stay indoors, avoid contact with others and call NHS 111 for advice.  
Americans evacuated from China will be quarantined for 14 days, the amount of time health experts believe the incubation period for the virus lasts 
It’s folks with non vaccinated children talking about “they need to close our doors to people leaving from China. I don’t need my children ending up sick!”.. Why the sudden concern now????? Oh, now you care... Oh, now your kids are at risk.. 
China has done an admirable  coronavirus but racism triggered against Chinese is pathetic. Influenza, dengue& other viruses have been equally dangerous in other places. This should time for the world to 'Keep calm & support China.'  …
we're about a month+ behind China right now? if randoms start showing up in emergency rooms over next few weeks with the cough.. what can they do? cant be stopped..and we'll follow the same path... no more weekend movies, no mall visits, no unnecessary travel. we'll seize up
OMG! Between the virus in China and the plague of democrat resistance in all it's forms, including the lastest impeachment scam, the DOW is falling and I AM LOSING MONEY
The Dow drops 525 points and fell to its low of the session after Delta and American Airlines suspend all flights between the US and China amid coronavirus outbreak. 
As Wuhan soldiers through week two of a lockdown, people who’ve been there recently in other parts of China are being tracked down, monitored, and sometimes forcibly quarantined in hotels and their own homes. Read some of their Kafkaesque stories here:  …
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has ordered a federal 14-day quarantine for nearly 200 Americans who recently returned from Wuhan, China  
Several columns I've done I focused on how foreign states like China buy propaganda coverage from the US news media. But that's not ALL they are doing with their $$$. This is a stark warning about OTHER activities Chinese $pays for:  …
In the 1990s, this might not have failed badly. Even in the 2000s. Today, the world the UK talks about is Xi's China, Trump's America, Modi's India, Bolsonaro's Brazil. Seeking liberal free trade partners outside Europe in 2020 is like  in 1990--the timing sucks.  …
Does it seem coincidental to anyone else that as soon as Trump signed the China Trade Deal that suddenly a viral epidemic outbreak occurred? And that a Harvard Bio-Chem Professor was arrested for lying about his work in Wuhan? I smell a Deep State operation. Am I too suspicious?
The bellwether to look for is if Air China, China Eastern and China Southern (and associated subsidiaries) cease international flying or are barred from doing so by other countries. That’s your redline.
Trump officials are considering a mandatory evacuation order for all U.S. citizens in the region of China at the center of the coronavirus outbreak  …
All 195 Americans who fled coronavirus in China under quarantine at California base  …
NIO and Tata Motors shares fall as China virus is expected to have a big negative impact on demand for electric vehicles in Asia. 
Zhang Weili looking to get out of China as soon as possible due to coronavirus outbreak, wants to finish UFC 247 fight camp in Las Vegas  
Doctors in #China arrested for revealing the truth about  …
We started a Podcast in Mandarin: 「无所不JI 」to talk about LGBTQ issues in China. EP02: Barry an activist’s experience of responding to 441 HIV-positive patients’ call for help, because of the #Wuhan #coronarvirus lockdown. Hosted & produced by me.  
This man deserves our endless respect Dr. Liang Wudong, who was treating patients of corona virus in wuhan, china,gets infected while treating patients and  the first doctor to die from the new 
I thought it’s the humans in China got the virus? Why not throw them out of the window? At this point, yall deserve everything that’s happening in your country  …
The coronavirus outbreak was declared a global health emergency by the WHO yesterday. Airlines and nations have begun shutting down flights, cutting contact with China for fear of transmission. This is some of the press we get here. Remember this when they ask you to trust them. 
Delta Air Lines and American Airlines each said on Friday that they were suspending all services between the United States and mainland China as concerns about the #coronavirus spread internationally, New York Times 
Glad to see United do the right thing. But flights from Chinese airlines are still landing in the U.S. We need to stop  flights from mainland China into the U.S.  …
United Airlines said it would suspend service to mainland China starting on February 6 and that it expected to resume operations on March 28 
The coronavirus outbreak in China has been a public health disaster and a messaging nightmare. How has Beijing tried to control the narrative? That’s our focus this week. 
“Travelers should be prepared for travel restrictions to be put into effect with little or no advance notice.” The US @StateDept warned Americans against traveling to #China amid the  …
For context,  after a Harvard professor was charged for hiding payments he was receiving from China.  …
Texas A&M found more than 100 faculty members were taking China money.  …
These virus “epidemics” - as of now ~200 people have died among 1.4 BILLION - & how government/media report on it, is a new type of warfare - BioMedia Warfare. CHINA’s using it to reinforce “value” of TOP-DOWN authoritarianism in “solving” a “crisis” & being grateful to the PARTY  …
The CDC, under statutory authority of the Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary, has issued federal quarantine orders to all 195 United States citizens who repatriated to the U.S. on January 29, 2020. The quarantine will last 14 days from when the plane left Wuhan, China.
TikTok just ridiculously banned Live Action from its platform over a video of cute baby faces. Its censorship has gone way farther than just stuff China doesn't like to the point of threatening mainstream pro-life content. This is bad.  …
a pakistani student in china, a friend of mine, sharing the problems they are facing out there, they are so scared and noone is there to help them not even their govt, so it would be nice of you to retweet this video so higher authorities might listen to it. 
US airlines suspend flights to mainland China as coronavirus spreads 
Our correspondents are on the ground in Wuhan, China. Follow @amyyqin for more updates and read the latest:   …
Can't trust Huawei as China risked world's health with coronavirus: China has risked world health, with coronavirus, which is a result of its bio-warfare experiment, there is no guarantee that Huawei will not jeopardise India’s security  …
Hundreds of Pakistani students are trapped in China. But the Imran Khan government has no plans to evacuate them. As the deadly Wuhan virus spreads, Pakistani citizens are appealing for help. @palkisu gives the 
Airlines around the world are announcing temporary flight reductions or cancellations in response to the #coronavirus outbreak in China.  …
5. @CDCgov says evacuees from China who are being quarantined because of #2019nCoV will be protecting their families  by being held for 14 days.
Only way I'd be happy with Ighalo signing is if  straight from China and coughs in Pereira and Lingard's mouths
ATTENTION: Coronavirus concerns n China results n US Department of State's increase of China Travel Advisory to Level 4 (Do Not Travel) N turn, Delta and American airlines halting all flights between China/US 2 assist n curbing Corinavirus transmission  …
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is ordering a federal 14-day quarantine for nearly 200 Americans recently returned from Wuhan, China.
Impeachment is over. Let’s move on to stopping the China Flu pandemic sweeping the globe.  …
. @DrewQJoseph on @CDCgov's quarantining of evacuees from China because of  …
All my prayers for my Chinese brothers and sisters Pak China Friendship Zindabad 
A bunch of people celebrating their loss of rights to live and work in 27 countries; their soon to be reduced worker rights, food and pollution standards; and their loss of control to China and Trump's America.
The #Coronavirus is a global tragedy which the whole world should cooperate with the gov & people of #China to get rid of it. I am convinced that the Chinese persistence & sense of responsibility will get them through this turbulent stage. 
*CDC OFFICIAL: VIRUS CONTINUES TO SPREAD RAPIDLY IN CHINA
1. @CDCgov says all 195 passengers evacuated from CHina will be quarantined for 14 days. #2019nCoV
United joins Delta and American in suspending flights between the U.S. and mainland China. United’s flight suspension will go into effect Feb. 6.  
Starting today, @AmericanAir will suspend flights to mainland China through March. This change does affect DFW flights: PEK - Beijing PVG - Shanghai Full details:  
BREAKING: after the @StateDept advises Americans to avoid ALL travel to #China due to the #CoronavirusOutbreak, @Delta and @AmericanAir announce they will suspend ALL flights from the U.S. to #China. This is just the beginning... #coronavirus  …
China’s slow, defensive, & inept response to the coronavirus highlights the systemic flaws in its decision-making & underscores why assumptions re its future eco & pol trajectory are not just wrong but understate likely problems/disruptions.  … via @NYTimes
As airlines are looking to suspend flights to China, I wonder how much confusion has been caused by Beijing's demands to carriers two years ago to label "Taiwan" as "China."
How stupid is the government? They are telling people to NOT travel to China and telling Americans in China (where the massive infection is)  home. This is exactly opposite of what they should be doing. I don't care who goes to China. I care if  here.
First batch of Indian passengers in Air India special flight that will take off from Wuhan (China) shortly. 
BREAKING: United Airlines halts China flights starting February 6, joining Delta and American amid coronavirus outbreak 
The uprising that quickly ended the Qing dynasty began in #Wuhan in 1911. Today, people in #China are saying the epidemic there is overwhelming the regime. So will Wuhan be "China's Chernobyl"? As Marx told us, history repeats. #WuhanCoronavirus
New Video - I've been getting lots of messages  from you asking if I'm ok. I am. But let's talk about the corona virus in China.  
A healthy 35-year-old man who had visited Wuhan, China, presented to an urgent care clinic in Washington state with cough and fever that progressed to pneumonia. This report describes the diagnosis, clinical course, and management of the condition.
Pilots and flight attendants are demanding airlines to stop flights to #China as #Health officials declare a global emergency over the rapidly spreading #Coronavirus, with @AmericanAir’s pilots filing a lawsuit seeking an immediate  …
"There is a world war...there is already a war on China. There has been a war of attrition against Russia...breaking up the Russian Federation is a US objective!" -Legendary journalist John Pilger warns that WW3 has already begun Watch:  
#CoronavirusOutbreak so far killed 230 people in China, a country of 1.4 billion people. There’s this tidal wave of fear, hate and racist jokes. Type B flu has killed more than 8000 Americans and is still going, few people talk about it. Perspective.
China has Samsung Germany- Adidas France- Peugeot Italy- Gucci America- IPhone Brazil- Nike Spain- Zarra Nigeria has????
China just built 57 floors new hospital special for virus Corona  the 16 hours finished the first floors.19 days finished 57 floors hospital include the water and electric power and all hospital equipment. @narendramodi @LambaAlka #Budget2020 
Probably literally leaked out into the water. Wuhan sits on like...all(?) of China's major rivers and has a bunch of minor waterways + chronic flooding problems + is undergoing a rushed utilities overhaul + has had toxic leaks from other facilities have affected the local sealife  
So, China-owned @TikTok_US just banned #prolife @LiveAction from platform. Not surprising since TikTok is based in an oppressive Communist country. What's your excuse @Facebook, @Twitter, @Pinterest, @Apple & @Google for denying free speech?  
Air India Crew in #Wuhan, China to rescue stranded Indians. 366 Indians rescued, on way back to India. More power to them! 
Being Chinese outside of China right now... 
Renjun studied in China so what would you expect him to learn? history of korea? 
#WATCH First batch of Indian passengers start boarding Air India special flight in Wuhan (China). 
Anyone who reads the Epoch Times knows the Chinese Communist Party is an evil organization. The Wuhan virus has now spread throughout China. A significant reason for this is the misguided political concerns of CCP officials. Read Nicole Hao's breakdown: 
How can anyone WOKE support these Corrupt Lying Radical Dems? They are fighting to gain POWER so they can take away Yours! Their goal is a One Party State. China is a perfect example. Say goodbye to your Freedoms and protection under the Constitution. Seriously, 
Manchester United looking at bringing Odion Ighalo by private plane from China but running into issues. #MUFC
I wrote today that the US govt is not ready for #2019nCoV #coronavirus . This is a perfect example -- the @US_FDA Commiss @ScottGottliebMD warns that most ingredients for our  from China, so Pompeo stopping all flights from China = yikes.   …
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell around 500 points as fresh economic data and the viral outbreak in China fanned worries about global growth 
#WuhanEvacuation Update: Boarding of #Indian Nationals onboard special @airindiain flight ( AI1349) has started. #India #China #coronavirus 
#BrexitDay is when the UK goes from being a powerful decision maker at the heart of Europe, to being a second class state begging for trade deals and taking its rules from the EU, USA and increasingly China. #BrexitBetraysBritain
#UPDATE Countries tighten China travel curbs as official admits mishandling virus  
Update on this from yesterday... Ighalo still in China, two clubs interested, keen to get back to England. Man United aware of his availability...  …
#Coronarovirus: Protective gear for medical staff arrives in #Wuhan, China, via 
Citron long $LK. We also rec. this report but all data from Biz Con China and App download and calls  confirm financials. $LK biz is on fire in China. Citron has respect for Muddy, but this anon. report will fall short on accuracy. Expect LK management response
Three of the largest US airlines -- Delta, American and United -- have canceled more flights between the United States and China because of concerns about the spread of coronavirus. 
It is insane that flights have  in and out of China for the last 10 days while this has all been happening We have been dragging our feet on this travel ban and it could be a serious problem
What is Chris Wallace doing in Florida?!? Send him back to DC! Better yet, send him to China
Hospital queues in #Hubei province China. And you thought the NHS was bad. 
#NEW: The White House could announce even tighter travel restrictions to and from China as soon as Friday. Tighter restrictions, or even an outright ban on all China travel, could formalize and broaden individual announcements that multiple airlines have already made - WP
China is  “POC” country so I guess I can’t be surprised I was canceled by Muslim Twitter (for the Nth time) for being critical of eating rats. I also want to apologize for the times I’ve expressed disapproval of the Aztecs for throwing virgins into volcanoes.
Delta and American Airlines will temporarily suspend all remaining U.S.-China flights after the State Department elevated a travel advisory over concerns about the coronavirus. Full coverage here: 
Dow down over 500 points on fears about economic impact of deadly China coronavirus.  
Trump's going to shut the airports to flights from China. Just a guess.
As we witness the devastation that the Coronavirus is causing to the friendly people of the People’s Republic of China, this is to express the solidarity of the Makerere University Community with the People of China. 
TRUMP WEIGHS TIGHTER CHINA TRAVEL RESTRICTIONS IN RESPONSE TO CORONAVIRUS- WASHINGTON POST Follow the story live: 
Flight attendants' union calls for 'clear direction' from the U.S. government to airlines to pull down all travel to China until coronavirus contained 
This man has just returned from #Wuhan, the city where the epidemic has spread. When the police tried to return him to Wuhan, he refused so police killed him in cold blood. #CoronavirusOutbreak #China #WuHan #coronarovirus #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak 
Indian nationals arriving at #Wuhan Airport to take the flight back to India on @airindiain special flight. Being screened and checked. @IndiaToday @MEAIndia @MFA_China @EOIBeijing @China_Amb_India @DrSJaishankar @VikramMisri #cronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
BREAKING: Delta Air Lines and American Airlines are suspending all flights between the U.S. and China amid #coronavirus outbreak.
Zimbabwe Government is ready to assist China if Zimbabwe is hit by the Corona virus and the cure was said to be " clean drinking water", the whole country would perish  …
Last round of #WuhanVirus update - Latest number of cases has reached 9811, but it’s going to get much higher when all the numbers are collected across #China tomorrow. There are now 15238 suspected cases and the death toll is at 213. 
"The foreign minister extended the offer of sending a field hospital to China, as well as sending group of doctors to the brotherly people of China to assist them in the recovery efforts." Field hospital in Wuhan? Give Qureshi a Nobel in medical science!  …
Pick a street. THE WOODS. INDOORS. no where will they be able to walk, get into a car, any means of transportation, Feinstein can forget about flying to China, Pelosi too.....NOWHERE TO RUN OR HIDE...........We  for you Adam Schiff..........
Trolls don’t have anything good to say on how Duterte and his govt are dealing with #coronarovirus so they talk about:TB, HIV, Japan, Australia, and GMRC. Lol Anything and everything except the issue, walang silbi at traydor si Duterte at Go. Mga tuta ng China #OUSTDUTERTE2020
#Coronavirus has killed at least 213 people in China and is spreading to other countries raising global alarm. Read more about what's known about the virus:  
This morning, I spoke with @POTUS Trump about the progress we’re making on the new NAFTA. We also discussed the latest developments on the coronavirus, and the detention of Canadians in China. More on what we talked about here:  …
Update on China flights:  …
Latest info on MUFC (w/ @garyjacob & @TomRoddy_ ) here:. Bid for Josh King has stalled. Now looking at potential loan for Ighalo but there are several obstacles to  first, one of which is his £300k/wk wages. Player wants to get out of China though  …
Trump weighs tighter China travel restrictions in response to coronavirus. The announcement  as soon as Friday amid growing calls from GOP senators to restrict travel to and from China. 
China says U.S. move to raise travel warning is inappropriate  
Today, Intermountain coordinated a delivery of medical supplies to send to the US State Department. From there, these crucial items will be immediately shipped to China to assist with the current coronavirus outbreak. Thank you to all of the caregivers who helped this morning!  – at Intermountain Healthcare Kem C Gardner Supply Chain Center
Congratulations to #China for how it's dealing with the #CoronaVirus. Both the Chinese people and the government are doing a fantastic job in containing the virus in every possible way. @MFA_China
CNBC requested records on a meeting with private investors that Jared Kushner assembled in China in 2017 during an official presidential trip. The government said it wouldn’t provide the records until 2021, three and a half years after the request.  …
Is there any way we can move the DNC to China for a bit?
China is a dystopian nightmare.  …
Important Facts Tesla Gigafactory Shanghai's Cost-Efficient Design is the Future of $TSLA Gigafactories @elonmusk @Tesla #Tesla #China Detail:  …
US airlines Delta and American temporarily halt flights to China due to the coronavirus  …
can someone from China please cough on my ex x
Chinese Envoy to India: We have noticed the declaration made by WHO. I would also like to quote a few words from WHO Director, "this declaration is not a vote of no confidence in China. On the contrary,WHO continues to have confidence in China's capacity to control the outbreak."
LOCKDOWN: Haunting drone footage shows nearly empty road and waterways in typically busting Wuhan, China, amid a citywide lockdown over the deadly coronavirus outbreak.  
Israel has closed its airspace to all flights from China.
Sun Weidong, Chinese Envoy to India on China’s cooperation with  during this battle against #Coronavirus: While fighting the epidemic, the Chinese government carried out international cooperation with openness, transparency and high sense of 
The U.S. lifted sanctions against a unit of China’s biggest  that was accused of hauling Iranian crude 
Thought this little cartoon would be nice to share. The dishes behind the window are signature dishes from various provinces in China, and they're showing love and support to the hot and dry noodle dish laying in bed, which is Wuhan's speciality dish. 
Totally pissed to have heard Carrie Lame kept using @WHO as a shield & excuse for her decision NOT to close the border. We are stopping potential patients from a place, not discrimination. If other places got case number like those in China, I am sure we wanna stop them too.  …
China is the world's largest manufacturer, and its tourists spend more abroad than any other country 
The Ministry of #Commerce will increase the #supply of daily necessities including grains, oils, meats, instant noodles and bottled water across China to win the battle against the novel #coronavirus, a  official said.
Delta says it will suspend all U.S.-China flights  
Coronavirus May Drag China GDP Down to 4.5% in First Quarter:  … by @simonjkennedy $FXI 
1) China’s reform and opening up is not “neoliberal.” Neoliberalism is about far more than allowing market forces in selected areas 2) You make the same mistake that western liberals do in their analysis of China by reducing their governing system to bureaucrats and billionaires  …
Federal Agents arrested Dr. #CharlesLieber, chair of #Harvard University's Dept of Chemistry & Chemical Biology, with lying to the Dept of Defense about secret monthly payments of $50,000 paid by #China -  #coronarovirus #BioWeapon read more 
My people!!! Don't be afraid of corona virus, it won't last long because it's made in China. ‍‍‍
Why are we not going after Marko Arnautovic who is the same age as Ighalo but has a better goals per game record in China (9 goals in 11  to Ighalo's 10 goals in 17 appearances. 
While other countries evacuate citizens from #Wuhan, #China is to bring over 200 people from #Thailand, #Malaysia back home #coronavirus  
Chinese Envoy to India when asked,"How is ground situation after outbreak of #Coronavirus in China?:We are in a critical period of epidemic control.We've found confirmed cases in 31 provinces, autonomous regions&municipalities in Mainland China,&in Hong Kong,Macao&Taiwan regions. 
US airlines temporarily suspend flights to China amid coronavirus outbreak  
Delta and American cancel all flights to China for months as coronavirus death toll hits 213  
The way Duterte loves China shows more secrets than drugs, wealth & power can justify. The reason is deeper than anyone can fathom, bec it's his dignity & honor, & his life & soul are at stake. He knows that the price is high. But he has to accept & face the point of no return.
JUST IN: Delta, American Airlines halt flights to China amid coronavirus outbreak. 
China: builds 23,000 miles of high speed rail in 10 years US: builds 0 miles of high speed rail, ever China: builds an entire hospital in response to a crisis in 2 weeks US: still hasn’t fixed some water pipes in response to a crisis after 6 years  …
How many of you believe that if @ECISVEEP was awake and did not allow freebies and loan waivers to be part of any party manifesto, then India would have been china We need this change. Indian voters are not fully educated to understand affect of freebies. RT if you agree
In Wuhan,China , people are cheering up each other to conquer the virus. Meanwhile in the philippines , some pinoys want to #OustDuterte , and also some of them are praying for the Death of the president. #PrayForWuhan 
Communities around China order residents to get rid of their pets - or risk having them CULLED 
US airlines suspending all flights to/from China #Coronavirus - @Delta: Starting Feb. 6 through April 30 - @AmericanAir: Starting today through March 27
Singapore closes borders to all Chinese travellers to stem spread of coronavirus | South China Morning Post  …
Brexit Derangement Syndrome has taken a terrible toll on the intelligentsia. AC Grayling once predicted that the UK was about to sink a frigate in the South China Sea to distract from the Brexit crisis. Seriously. What a ride it’s been, writes  …
hello i’m here to remind you that saying you’re going to get the coronavirus from buying anything from china or just by simply interacting with asian people is racist and you should stop right now immediately
Coronavirus may have originated from China but it has spread in many other countries. Everyone should be screened properly, not just  from China.
That's a copy of the mail from our school. We want to leave Wuhan, China, please @MBuhari  …
Delta Airlines have suspended all flights to China due to the coronavirus.  …
"Head Above Water" (Album version) has surpassed 1000 wans in China (Xiaomi Music). This is her 2nd song on reach this mark 
We should send our experts to #China not because we think the regime will be grateful--it will undoubtedly be even more hostile afterward--but because we are, whether we like it or not, all in this together.  …
American and Delta Airlines suspending all U.S.- #China flights due to #coronavirus concerns. American $AAL stopping flights through Mar 27. Delta $DAL through Apr 30.
Harvard Professor, BU Researcher Among 3 Arrested For Ties To China  …
Russia (2016) Ukraine (Biden & Crowdstrike) China (“China should too”) Australia (Scott Morrison) UK (Boris Johnson) Italy (Mueller origins via Bill Barr) Who’s next?
. @afa_cwa is calling for clear direction from our government to U.S. airlines to pull down all flights to China until the spread of coronavirus is contained. Read the full statement.  …
BREAKING... HARVARD UNIV CHAIR OF CHEMISTRY & CHEM BIOLOGY ARRESTED ILLEGAL TIES TO CHINA Dr Charles Lieber contracted w/Wuhan Inst of Tech while running groups contracted w/Department of Defense & National Institutes of Health. Getting picture yet....  …
everyone get to china chalet immediately 
Dr. Liang Wudong, who died treating Coronovirus patients in China. He was treating Patients despite knowing he may not survive. This man deserves Endless Respect for his Bravery. 
Chinese Envoy to India: We pay close attention to the report of one confirmed case of pneumonia in India.I wish the patient a speedy recovery.I want to point out that China is ready to cooperate with India to respond to the outbreak &work together to prevent&control the epidemic.
Sorry I have been away. Just left China in a huff after quitting my sinecure at a bioweapon lab.
#BREAKING Delta, American Airlines temporarily suspend all flights to China amid coronavirus concerns 
In an effort to catch-up with U.S. military capabilities, China's defense spending has ballooned 620% since 1990. Read the @Missile_Defense analysis:  
NEW YORK (AP) — American Airlines and Delta Air Lines suspend all flights to and from China as virus spreads.
Quarantined people in Hangzhou, China are receiving food via this robot. 
BREAKING: Delta Air Lines and American Airlines are suspending all flights between the U.S. and China as the coronavirus outbreak spreads. 
Sun Weidong, Chinese Ambassador to India: China has been  with India to keep it informed of the development of the epidemic&China’s prevention efforts. We believe that through bilateral cooperation, India’s concerns can be properly addressed.  …
BREAKING: American Airlines announces it is suspending flights to and from China effective TODAY. The flights will be suspended until at least March 28. The airline says it is contacting affected customers.
Flying to China 
Now Singapore. Pretty soon America will be the ONLY place on earth where you can fly from China. 22K people land here EVERY DAY from China. This is madness. It must stop.  …
American Airlines has also suspended all flights to and from mainland China, effective immediately 
Delta and American Airlines halting all routes to China. Sweden, UK and Russia reporting first cases of #coronavirus as Hong Kong, officials closed schools until March as the number of confirmed cases rose to 12 there. China is using drones to shame people into wearing masks.
Sun Weidong,Chinese Envoy to India when asked,"Will China allow India to evacuate its citizens?If yes,when can we expect evacuation to begin?':As a responsible country,China has always given top priority to health&safety of all Chinese&foreigners in Wuhan&we'll continue to do so. 
Delta has decided to temporarily suspend all flights from the US to China from February 6 through April 30, due to ongoing concerns related to the Wuhan coronavirus, the airline said in a statement on Friday. 
Stay strong. China With love from Syria 
This much is  clear: China is a public health threat to the rest of the world. Is China merely bad (as in  or is it evil (that is, full of malevolent intent)?  …
APNEWSALERT: NEW YORK (AP) — American Airlines and Delta Air Lines suspend all flights to and from China as virus spreads.
Delta Air Lines and American will halt all flights to mainland China over concerns about coronavirus  …
Crude oil is dropping like a piano from the room on China economy crashing. We need Houthis, Nigeria pirates or Russia's Novak to issue ANY headline.. otherwise the biggest ever drop today.
Business officially back to normal in #China Feb 3 but Beijing city says most people should work remotely till Feb 10, state media says. Other than essential industries, businesses should find ways not to have staff at offices. Adds this to prevent large gatherings. #WuhanVirus
This is the China-Duterte #FakeNews machine at work. Paid trolls and fanatics trying to convince you that this  government's lack of action is good for you, funded by your tax money.  …
Should we be testing any severe, unexplained viral pneumonia that presents to a provider so we spot an outbreak early? And not just travelers to China? New data from @AdamJKucharski shows a single introduction of 2019-nCoV could have 15–25% probability of causing a large 
MI-7225 MIAT departed to China to take in 31 people from #Wuhan to #Mongolia due to the #coronavirus outbreak. #CoronavirusOutbreak #nCoV2019 #WuhanCoronavius  …
The State Department is warning Americans not to travel to China, one day after the coronavirus was declared a global health emergency. The number of confirmed cases worldwide has risen to nearly 10,000. 
US air carriers @Delta and @AmericanAir announced on Friday flight suspensions to and from China over #coronavirus  …
LATEST: American Airlines suspends all of its China flights shortly after Delta's flight suspension announcement. 
Only Chiwenga is going to bring Corona virus to Zimbabwe,paye paanoenda Ku China for recharge .
Just a reminder to those who give me feedback (euphemism!) on my China tweets and whatabout America. Either you never followed me before 2017 or weren’t paying attention, but I spent a few years looking at homelessness, rural issues, healthcare, mass shootings in the US.
3) “An estimated 75815 individuals have been infected in Wuhan” —> this is substantially higher than current reports or ~10k reports by China media. (75k estimate from above Lancet article)
NEW: American Airlines and Delta Air Lines suspend all flights to and from China as virus spreads, @AP reports
2) Whoa- the rate of increase ***outside of China*** is steeper than inside of China or Wuhan! Figure 1A. From: @TheLancet “Nowcasting and forecasting the potential domestic and international spread of 2019-nCoV  
“There is no one way to anything.” China Achebe on how storytelling helps us survive history’s rough patches  …
Why China's coronavirus is more dangerous for the global economy than SARS was in 2003  via @BW
Botswana registers first case of #coronarvirus . Flight came in from China. Isn’t it time for countries to suspend flights from China for a while?  …
It’s a good time to be selling face masks in China. Stocks are running low as people queue to buy them. Between Dec. 30 and Jan. 24, @3M, the most popular mask brand in China, added $1.4 billion in market value, reported  …
All those flights to China being cancelled were part of the supply chain. They all flow with cargo in their bellies. That's part of the disruption to supply chains we have to factor into our economic impact assessments.
China - Phone Germany - Car USA - War Russia - Weapon Brazil - Soccer Ghana - ?????
The West’s propaganda about China has reached the same absurd level as the outlandish DPRK stories  from south Korean tabloids and paid defectors. Regularly, the media uses NED-backed news orgs or a far-right religious cult to source unfounded charges against the PRC.
Tea originates from China Britain didn't invent slavery and was actually the first nation to outlaw it, the Royal Navy stopped the trans Atlantic slave trade Are we supposed to dislike all immigrants or just the Royal family? Looks like more P45s need dishing out at the BBC...
HBO's show Chernobyl is striking a chord in China as people criticize the government's response to the outbreak, especially regarding suppression of information, reported Quartz writer @Jane_Li911.  …
Congratulations to #WayV for winning ‘2019年度大势男团’! Thank you all who worked hard for this! As winners, they will be promoted for one month on 1 million KTV screens in China! #WayV 
Given the severity of the coronavirus in China and its rapid spread across the region, as well as the mounting public fear, it’s imperative that this disease is contained:  …
American Airlines suspends flights to China amid rising death toll from unprecedented coronavirus  
Another dimension of what China's highly intrusive surveillance state looks like.  …
More leaked videos from #China... #coronavirus claims more victims. The death toll is way above officially reported! 
“ #Russia and, increasingly, #China are actively using #disinformation & related interference tactics to undermine European #democracy.” — EU VP @VeraJourova at #DisinfoHorizon Thanks for having us at your event, @EUvsDisinfo. Let's @DefendDemocracy  …
BREAKING: Delta suspends all flights to China, as coronavirus reaches 9,600+ cases and growing fast . Time to suspend all inbound flights from China @realDonaldTrump  …
PM Trudeau spoke with U.S. President Trump today, the prime minister's office says. It says they spoke about NAFTA ratification and the coronavirus outbreak. They also talked about China's detention of Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor and the need for their immediate release.
Singapore closed its border to visitors from China. But that sociopath Carrie Lam refuses to do the same. As Southern District Councilman Paul Zimmerman puts it, either we close our border with China, or the world close their borders with #HongKong. Go figure!  …
For too long China & others have tried to get in our critical networks by hacking contractors who didn’t have proper #cyber defenses. The #CMMC addresses this threat & was long overdue. Thank you @realDonaldTrump & @EsperDoD for making #CMMC happen & improving our 
Six air crew members have been placed under medical surveillance after having close contact with #coronavirus patients, yet Cathay Dragon refuses to suspend flights to mainland China. Union considering to go on strike, Apple Daily reports.  …
Support medics. All the borders to mainland China have to be closed to prevent a outbreak in Hong Kong. Our resources here can't afford this outbreak. We need to stop the virus spreading here and around the world. 
"China's efforts in fighting #coronavirus are exemplary. A 'small' virus can't tear us apart. If we stay in solidarity, we have no fear for any challenges&can defeat the virus," said Dr. M. Ludwig, Mayor of Vienna at the Spring Festival Reception held for  
Breaking: @AmericanAir confirms canceling all China flights 
Um this isn't bigger news?! Chemical warfare?! Has connections to the same providence in China where the ground zero for the Coronavirus is?!  …
#BREAKING: @AmericanAir cancels all flights to mainland China through March 27 after the State Department warns travelers about the spread of #coronavirus.
JUST IN: Delta to suspend all flights between US and China over coronavirus  
In reality, to many Chinese consuming wild animals is a cultural outlier. State-controlled media outlets such as China Daily have published scathing editorials denouncing the practice and calling for a permanent wildlife trade ban. they do it.  …
#BREAKING American Airlines lawyer Lars Berg walked back into the courtroom and announced — American Airlines is cancelling all flights to mainland China beginning today until March 27th. #coronavirus @wfaa @News8Daybreak @AmericanAir
In Gansu Province in Northwest China, there are more than 5,000 mounds on the desolate Gobi Desert. Such a landform is called a Yardang. 
VOTING HAS ENDED AND GOOD NEWS WEISHENNIES! WAYV WON THE VOTINGS !! thank you to all who worked hard and voted ! we won advertisements for wayv that will be displayed over a million ktvs in china for a whole month!  
Was gonna order a mask to protect my self from this corona virus but turns out that’s also made in China
Potential for large disruption in global supply chains, as China is world’s largest exporter of intermediate products … as per @OECD, ~20% of global imports of intermediate products came from China in 2015 (40% for some Asian countries) 
“This government doesn't care if #HongKongers live or die. You still support this regime?”, #Wuhan #Coronavirus related graffiti on Lennon Wall. The refusal of closing the border w/ China is very likely causing #CoronavirusOutbreak in #HongKong. (Total 13 cases at the 
#coronavirus In just 10 days, scientists in #China have reportedly developed a rapid nucleic test kit that can detect 2019-nCoV coronavirus in under 15 min The test is reportedly mass-manufactured at a rate of 4,000 kits per day with the first batch deployed to  …
Delta is suspending flights to and from China over concerns about the coronavirus 
Germany: sends military plane to evacuate German nationals. Nigeria: make una  for house o! Coronavirus: Dabiri-Erewa urges Nigerians in China to stay indoors  …
Looking forward to lots of trade deals being announced tomorrow. I’ve been told the rest of the world is desperate, DESPERATE to do deals with us...after they’ve done deals with the US, China, Russia and the EU.
Weishennies got wayv a full month of promo in China 
This reversal, to allow US experts into #China, suggests Beijing's desperation is now off-the-charts.  …
white people literally wake up open the twitter app click the magnifying glass read 2 headlines containing the word china and just decide "yes perhaps i should be sinophobic from now on"
More leaked videos from #China... #coronavirus claims more victims. 
With the growing threat of the #Coronavirus, we must take every precaution. We should ensure Americans in China can get home safely, but I’m calling on @POTUS to restrict  travel to and from China until this crisis ends. We can’t take unnecessary risk.  …
BREAKING: FEDERAL RESERVE OFFICIALS SAY THEY ARE CURRENTLY MONITORING EVENTS IN CHINA, AND SAY THEY HAVE THE TOOLS TO KEEP THE STOCK MARKET BUBBLE ELEVATED AS MORE PEOPLE BECOME INFECTED.
UK is quarantining citizens returning from China to a military base Australia is holding them on an island until they are cleared Both countries have  flights Canada is letting the flights return and people go to downtown Toronto  …
Breaking: Delta, American suspend all China flights, United expands cancellations.  …
American Airlines will suspend all U.S.-China flights effective immediately.  
AMERICAN AIR SUSPENDS ALL CHINA FLIGHTS
Jammu administration: All persons who have a travel history to China or South East Asia since 1 January 2020  forward for Health check-up at nearest Health Centre if they experience any symptoms such as fever, cough, respiratory distress etc. #Coronavirus
My brother is studying in China and students there are in contact with each other, and this what is circulating over there. This is when they revealed the true face of our current media outlets. All they want is gossips to spice things up for our already trouble-laden nation 
Commenting on US adding China to travel warning Level 4, highest level, amid #coronavirus outbreak, Chinese FM called it a "dishonest act” as Chinese people strive to fight the epidemic and Chinese govt is being responsible by sharing info with  in transparent 
Wow: Delta Cancels All Flights To China Until May  
Indian Army has created a Coronavirus quarantine facility near Manesar for monitoring around 300  from Wuhan in China.  …
#China’s increasingly aggressive authoritarianism is one of the most daunting challenges facing developing and established democracies. How some countries have pushed back and what more could be done:  
Estimates: multiple sources: 500,000+ infected:China. R0 2.5-3+ Doubling time 3 days. Unprecedented speed. Fatality rate range .1-1%+: truly unknown. 2-14 day incubation. 20% diagnosed at hospital need critical care. If sustained transmission, could infect 15-20 percent world.
Don't feel guilty. Don't worry. No one wants it to happen. Don't be sad. Don't despair. Fight it together. Chinese fight. Wuhan fight. We love you. Fight through it together.I am Thai people who are worried about you. #ไวรัสโคโรนา #China 
Bannon: 97% of our vaccines are made overseas, with a large percentage from China The smartest guys in the room didn't really think through the system. They only considered one variable: lower the cost #coronarovirus #WarRoomPandemic Listen & watch 
Killer virus and public health policing drones. In this state media video, China outdoes science fiction dystopia. h/t  …
Wait I’m confused so the dmt fansign is moving from China to seoul for health reasons but then the fans  to seoul from China ? Wouldn’t it just be the same thing ......a health risk
NEW: @Delta will suspend all US-China flights from next week through April 30 citing “ongoing concerns” with #WuhanCoronavirus. Last flight from China to US departs Wednesday Feb 5. Last flight from US to China - if you really must get back here? - leaves Feb 3. @CBSNews is here.
Eggs, fresh vegetables, hand wash. Some of the daily necessities that  so precious in an outbreak. #WuhanCoronavirus #China 
Delta Airlines will suspend ALL flights to China from February 6 to April 30 due to the 'ongoing concerns' over coronavirus  
UPDATE: American Airlines says its operations to & from mainland China will be halted starting today 
#VoteBlueNoMatterWho....in an another election that will be attacked by Russia....on voting machines made in China....that have trademarks that are owned by the daughter of the President of the United States. America is officially broken. WAKE UP!!!
LATEST:  • Coronavirus sickens nearly 10,000; Chinese officials say 213 people have died • UK confirms the first two cases • US State Dept. advises against all travel to China • WHO declares the outbreak a global health emergency
What’s in a name? Here’s Angela Chao, Mitch McConnell’s sibling-in-law. She’s on the Bank of China board. BoC has over $500mm in loans outstanding to Foremost Group, her family’s  Oh, Mitch’s wife Elaine is also a heir to Foremost Group. Pot, meet black kettle 
Talking drones are flying around in China ordering people to put on face masks and chasing them back home. Not sure how this warrants  exclamation point from any perspective.  …
The website of Nigeria's embassy in shanghai, China, still having Goodluck Jonathan as Nigeria's president How many of such buffoonery is prevalent in Nigeria's embassies around the world? Think of it By the way a lot of money is going into maintaining this nonsense One chance
Air India carrier Jumbo 747 is evacuating Indians from Wuhan, the site of outbreak of Coronavirus in China. Wishing all the best to the National Carrier @airindiain for the important mission  …
6,500 nurses and doctors in Hong Kong are threatening to strike unless the border  shut to China.  by @maryhui
Any other proof that they don't really care about us? @KunleBajo and @TheICIR just gave us one. EMBARRASSING: Website of Nigerian embassy in China last updated in 2013 despite coronavirus outbreak  
To be clear, slavery is still happening in the world, but not in the West. Colonialism is still happening in the world, but not in the West (China ). Patriarchy is still happening in the world, but not in the West. Institutional homophobia is still happening, not in the West.
#coronavirus Update: My Worldwide Case Count All locations Just updated: More cases in #Thailand, #Japan, #Singapore, #Germany, #Sweden, #Russia #China Note: #China is likely downplaying the numbers #WuhanCoronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #2019nCoV 
JUST IN: Delta Airlines suspends all of its flights to China as coronavirus cases in the country top 9,600. 
BREAKING: @Delta and @AmericanAir to suspend flights to #China due to #coronavirus
Treating Pakistanis in China like our own amid corona epidemic: Wang Yi #ARYNews  …
My nephew lives in China. He said things are very bad there and no one trusts the govt. He just left and, I'm happy to say, is safely back in the US.
Delta cancelled all of its China flights from February 6 to April 30.  …
In just 10 days, scientists in China have reportedly developed a rapid nucleic test kit that can detect 2019-nCoV coronavirus in under 15 min The test is reportedly mass-manufactured at a rate of 4,000 kits per day with the first batch deployed to #Wuhan  
"Google is temporarily shutting down all China offices due to coronavirus outbreak" - Why is Google in China, a nation where its people are not even allowed to use Google? Greed, greed, greed.  …
#China #coronavirus #Vegan Wealthy #Chinese food blogger about to tear up a bat and eat it. Aren't bats facing #extinction 
Ecuadorian President Lenin Moreno on Thursday said he aimed to bolster trade exchange with China, one of the country's main trade partners. (file pic) 
The State Government of Sabah, Malaysia have announced a temporary travel restriction for all direct flights from China into Sabah, with immediate effect.  …
Prediction: at the end of February 2020 the Chinese Communist Party will cease to have effective control in multiple provinces of China. By mid-Summer (late July-ish) a new government will emerge in China claiming wide authority there.
Highlight: Breaking: Delta Airlines is suspending all China flights on February 6th: 
#MasksOn in #China… or else! #China’s Communist regime is getting a bit creepy with its #coronavirus response, stalking people w/ loudspeaker drones for not wearing masks. It’s clever but scary. One terrified child can be seen running back home. 
#BREAKING: @Delta to temporarily suspend all U.S. flights to China amid #coronavirus  …
My article on #2019nCoV outbreak is now online: "Therapeutic strategies in an outbreak scenario to treat the novel coronavirus originating in Wuhan, China". Raced to write and revise in one week! Embracing #openinnovation to solve #WuhanCoronavirus crisis. 
ICYM: CA lost more jobs to China than any other state, due to long outflow  & electronics manufacturing, @EconomicPolicy reports  …
Dear  please ask Chinese people from China stay at Clara's house. Or maybe you can hire another writers that more brilliant that this one.
It took one year for China to allow Mexican airline to resume direct flights to China after H1N1 outbreak.
JAN 31: USAF B-52H MOOSE01 flew over the East China Sea near Taiwan and China within the Taipei FIR before returning to Andersen AFB, Guam. 
Sixty-two countries have implemented some form of immigration control on Chinese citizens, as the deadly coronavirus has spread from Wuhan -- capital of China's Hubei province -- around the world. 
JUST IN: Delta suspends ALL flights to China over coronavirus concerns from February 6th - April 30th. 
please take care of your health.Avoid the junk and sea food.Beware of China made coronavirus 
Left Twitter in the early 1940s - "How do you know the Japanese are fascists? sounds like american propaganda. I don't support intervention in China. Chinese national liberation is a US psyop"
Due to #coronavirus outbreak in #China popular theaters chains have shut shop temporarily. No new #Hollywood (their biggest market outside of USA)releases in #China for the time being. 
Just for curiosity sake...China air traffic  
WOW! Just another reason why China is our biggest threat If at 1 University (Texas A&M) had 100 ppl working for China on scientific research how many other people in America are being paid to assist China with their scientific developments? #Qanon  …
China will send chartered planes overseas to take home stranded residents of Hubei, epicenter of the novel #coronavirus outbreak: Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi  
Delta will suspend all of its China flights starting February 6 through April 30 as the coronavirus outbreak spreads.  
Scientists at last found the origin of coronavirus.They say, the first victim of this virus had shook hands with a mentally challenged stand  in Mumbai & when he reached back Wuhan, he was diagnosed with this virus. China has asked India to put  in a cage
From Japan to the U.S., close to 100 cases of coronavirus have been confirmed outside China. See how the virus’ rapid spread is fuelling global arm  . See our full coverage here:  
Next huge issue—what happens with @Huawei. Trump White House must block, not relent, do everything to prevent China’s control of our tech and surveillance of our people. Biz interests must take back seat on this critical issue.
I'm not an epidemiologist but it seems like the best time for the airlines to suspend flights out of China was last week
Delta has decided to temporarily suspend all U.S. to China flying beginning Feb. 6 through April 30 due to ongoing concerns related to the coronavirus, the airline said in a news release on Friday.
In late 2017, CNBC filed a FOIA request for details about Jared Kushner’s secretive meeting in China during Trump’s visit to the country. The State Department has yet to fulfill the request, and says it aims  it by July 2021. Per  …
Is it okay to say that the folks at @icao need to update their understanding of how China and  with one another in *practice*? China doesn't govern Taiwan and it shares information only in the context of a larger strategy to keep the latter globally marginalized  …
The U.S. has advised against all travel to China, where the current death toll of 213 includes 43 new fatalities. 
Or maybe it's the result of them being a tyrannical surveillance state where intellectual property theft is the norm and holds one million Muslims in concentration camps. Maybe Western media reports negatively on China because there's plenty of negative stuff to report.  …
China Stop Eating Everything That Moves
Trump & kids have done shady deals all over world.if I was a Dem, I’d reach out to every one of those countries in search of information. Scottish government love Trump? Mexican government where he bankrupted developments? China where his daughter is dealing.? Happy hunting.
#Tokyo2020 Pools are out! Women (Pool B) USA China Russia Italy Argentina Turkey Men (Pool B) USA Brazil Russia Argentina France Tunisia 
No one is out. In a country of 1 bil. All at home. This is a major disaster. #coronarvirus #china  …
Police in China smashed 16 automatic mahjong tables to stop villagers from gathering amid the virus outbreak 
BREAKING NEWS: Delta Air Lines says it will suspend all U.S.-China flights starting Feb. 6 through April 30 due to the coronavirus outbreak.
Is China hiding the true numbers? #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
WATCH → Schiff is at it again with another make-believe fantasy that never happened—this time about China. It's like his phony call transcript all over again. He knows his case is weak. So he's having to lie & make stuff up to try to remove Trump. How pathetic & shameful. 
*DELTA TO SUSPEND CHINA FLIGHTS FEB. 6 THROUGH APRIL 30 Apr 30th.... wow
A "wet market" in Wuhan, China, is being named as a probable source of the coronavirus outbreak. Here's a look at what wet markets are — and why disease researchers say they can be problematic 
Jahil Jiyala @BBhuttoZardari had opposed IDPs entry into Sindh. But, he is demanding evacuation of affected Pakistanis from China. Shame!
India starts evacuation of Indians from Wuhan, China following outbreak of novel #Coronavirus. First special flight of #AirIndia, Jumbo 747 with 15 cabin and five cockpit crew members reached Wuhan for evacuation. The double-decker aircraft is configured with 423 seats. 
Growing calls in Senate to  travel between China and US. Expect more to follow after impeachment trial ends.  …
Online searches show why Microsoft & Amazon are concerned re #CoronaVirus: Each employs 6,000+ China-born graduates. They got the high-$$jobs via H-1B & OPT visas. Many have green cards. Surely this cannot have any impact at all on US grads' salaries. 
While whole world is panicked about #CoronavirusOutbreak & trying to evacuate their citizens from Wuhan, China.India is also trying to take out its citizens from Wuhan.But only country who want to show solidarity towards China and let their citizens die in wuhan is #Pakistan. Wow
This is really sad and I can’t believe I have to say this. But for those in the back: Just because someone looks Asian, does NOT mean they’ve ever been to Asia, are from China, automatically have Corona virus. This virus does not discriminate by skin color.  …
Ghanaian students in China might die of hunger instead of Coronavirus.  … #Oktranking #Falaa
China has lavished money on U.S. researchers, sparking a debate about national security and academic freedom 
Help RT The dmt fansign originally scheduled to be held in Shanghai on Feb 16 will be changed to Seoul, while the date remain the same. The fansign will happen a day after WINNER encore concerts and cic who want to attend the fansign will travel from China to Korea. 
17 cities in China are on lockdown because of the coronavirus, affecting 50M people. Trucks have been allowed to deliver food and supplies. Wuhan (which has a bigger population than NYC) has closed schools, subways and most of downtown, forcing people to walk or bike. 
Kenyan Airways suspends flights to China amid coronavirus outbreak  
2/2 In disregard of WHO  against travel restrictions, the US went the opposite way. Where is its empathy?
1/2 A friend in need is a friend indeed. While many countries are offering China support in the fight against #nCoV, some US officials keep making  which are neither factual nor appropriate.
South Korea’s chartered flight carrying 300+ of its nationals from #Wuhan, China, has landed in Seoul amid a #CoronavirusOutbreak. They will be quarantined at 2 temporary facilities #coronavirus #우한교민 
guys anti-Chinese racism is not the most dangerous thing about the coronavirus, the prospect of a series of epidemics that kills thousands of people and the massive disruption to ordinary life in China is.
Sai going to Somalia is even safe than going to China
THIS IS RACISM. It must also be noted that nCoV is HERE IN THE PHILIPPINES. Regardless of nationality, our utmost concern is to quarantine those with symptoms and travel record to China (esp. Wuhan) in the past month. Not a baseless rule to absurdly isolate Chinese people.  …
NEW #coronavirus research: Modelling study estimates potential domestic and international spread of the 2019-nCoV outbreak originating in Wuhan, China. All Lancet #coronavirus content is fully and freely available at our 2019-nCoV Resource Centre  
When you return from China and told you need to be quarantined for 14 days. 
1/2 AFP: China's delayed response to the discovery of a new coronavirus infection worsened the epidemic, the most senior official from the city at the centre of the outbreak said Friday.
BREAKING: Italy suspends air traffic with China, declares state of emergency over coronavirus  …
Great job by the law enforcement authorities in USA for arresting Harvard chemistry professor who got big money secretly from Communist Chinese leaders. This is a real problem, the infiltration of American academia by China Communists, both with bribes and ideological ties.
How China's authoritarian political culture is hurting efforts to control a deadly viral outbreak. The SARS crisis 17 years ago was supposed to be a turning point. But the system is still hampered by secrecy and fear By  …
Many #coronavirus infected people showed no obvious symptoms. They fell  suddenly while still walking on the street. The death toll in #China is way above officially reported! #CoronavirusOutbreak #WuhanCoronavius 
According to @TheLancet, 14 of the original 40 #coronavirus patients had no contact with the seafood market where it “originated.” China isn’t telling the full truth, and that should alarm everyone. 
Last week, I asked federal health & security officials about travel to & from #China given #coronavirus. With worsening conditions since then, it’s time to consider restricting all  travel to and from China. Public health must be paramount  …
Skeptical of folks who report on China as an authoritarian state? This is an absolutely dystopian clip, made with no irony intended. I almost never RT Chinese state media but this is a must watch. HT  …
Infectious disease expert Ana Ferreira said China's rapid response to the novel coronavirus is a model for handling of virus outbreaks. "The example to follow is after identifying the epicenter of virus, China succeeded in isolating millions of people to prevent new infections".
Ted Cruz calls for coronavirus travel ban on China 
RwandAir has suspended flights to Guangzhou, China over coronavirus.
Appreciate the confidence to China given by the Government of Nepal and WHO Representative in Nepal to win the battle against #NovelCoronavirus. Let's fight against it 
US has a lot of  to China - and I think they should be playing this up, not focusing on beating China at being China. For example, quality education at an affordable cost (e.g. Coursera type degrees at prices Africans can afford) will be unbeatable.
In this report, investigators in Germany detected the spread of the novel coronavirus from a person who had recently traveled from China to Germany for a business trip. This transmission occurred before the apparent onset of illness in the index patient. #2019nCoV
China's efforts have won international recognition. "These measures have made the world safe to a large extent to stop the spread of the virus. Pakistan & the entire world believe these measures are appreciable," said Zafar Mirza, Special Assistant to Pakistani Prime Minister.
The administration should take every precaution in preventing additional cases from arriving in the United States, including temporarily halting flights to and from China and implementing additional screening at all U.S. airports. --> 
Given the severity of the coronavirus in China and its rapid spread across the region, as well as the mounting public fear, it's imperative that this disease is contained.
Maybe 5 years from now Hollywood would make a movie about Coronavirus originating from Wuhan, China. Just like they’ve made CONTAGION (2011) based on the 1990s Nipah virus from Malaysia. Nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Horror Film. And as usual, many may soon forget it 
UPDATED. Nearly 10,000 people have been infected in China by the new #coronavirus and new cases are found abroad, with more than 20 countries now affected by the disease.  …
Singapore bans Chinese travellers. Russia closes borders. India must take preventive steps considering we don't even have much area in hospitals to quarantine nor build hospitals in 7-10 days like china did. Prevention is better than cure.
URGENT NOTICE TO ALL INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS FROM CHINA. Kindly adhere to the guidelines to ensure the safety and health of you and IIUM Community. Thank you for your cooperation. May Allah bless us and our loved ones. #LeadingTheWay #IIUM 
Prove you aren't racist today! Hug a coughing, sweating Asian person today! Bonus points of they  off a direct flight from China  …
The HK Gov sending masks to the Mainland when citizens in HK are struggling to get enough masks at home. Is Carrie Lam the Chief Executive of HK or just a servant to the  government? #StandWithHongKong #chinazi 
The other "epidemic" emanating from China. Chinese dark money in the West's University system is rife, especially at the R&D level cc @thespybrief @LouiseMensch  …
President @realDonaldTrump uses tough engagement when necessary but has a realistic view of the world where we’re not going to hand the 21st century over to China by overexerting our military. We’re going to be smarter and we’re going to be better for our country. 
"China's current prevention and control measures are the strictest and are very effective. We are confident that we can effectively contain the epidemic and finally  it," said Wu Zunyou, an expert on epidemiology at the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention.
On second thought—after hearing from no Senate witnesses and those Trump told not to testify, reading none of the records Trump hid, reading about the "favor" he needed "though," watching him ask China and Russia to attack our election—I see that everything is fine. O yes. Fine.
China has taken a series of powerful measures, especially early detection & early isolation. "We have sufficient confidence in preventing a major outbreak or a recurrence as long as the two measures are in place," said Zhong Nanshan, a renowned Chinese respiratory expert.
Two cases of the new coronavirus have been confirmed in Russia, in the Trans-Baikal Territory and the Tyumen Region. Both patients are citizens of China. They have been isolated and are being provided with all necessary help #coronavirus
"It was a positive atmosphere on the plane, everyone was relieved to get out of China." We speak to James Convey, one of the passengers on the plane that has landed from Wuhan. Follow the latest here:  
Patients who have recovered from #pneumonia caused by the novel #coronavirus still face the risk of being infected again, an expert said at a press conference of China's National Health Commission on Friday. 
#China | Citizens are being discriminated against abroad all due to fear-mongering over the #Coronavirus #WuhanCoronavirus #coronaviruschina 
What is "aggressive" about allowing flights from China to land in our airports? Whose job is it to explain the costs versus benefits of that decision?  …
Everyone wants to whine about how bad we have it in America and meanwhile China has Nag Drones. It's like having a wife that can fly and hover over you even once you've left the house. If that doesn't have you singing God Bless America then wtf will  …
Whoever said reversing more than four decades of our misguided #China policy would be without risk or cost? We have to bear great burdens to remain free and sovereign. This is the test of our generation.  …
Factbox: Airlines suspend China flights due to coronavirus  
. @UPS To Airlift More Than 2 Million Masks And Protective Gear To China -  
Fast forward just a year and Mané was in the Team of the Year and Teixeira was playing in China
China is going to be in charge of the world's intellectual property, unless someone stops it  … @washingtonpost
A photo of Dr. Lyu Jun with his loved one before heading to #wuhan city of #China for treating patients with #coronavirus. So 
Multiple layered monitoring facility for Indian students returning from Wuhan established by the armed forces medical branch. Whenever called, armed forces are always there. On the other hand Pak has left its students to die just for a few bits of crumbs given by China. 
Joined @TheKuhnerReport this morning to talk Red China's infection of US classrooms & update on Justina Pelletier & @FreeMartyG - segment will be  …
#WuhanCoronovirus Financial Impacts: The #coronavirus #outbreak is impacting automaker factories in #China. Tesla's newest Gigafactory in Shanghai to close Toyota idles China facilities GM, Ford, Fiat Chrysler and VW place travel restrictions  
‘Once aspiring to be as multicultural, secular and inclusive as other modern liberal democracies, India now looks less to those countries as its model and more to Israel, Pakistan or China.’ India is abandoning its founding principles | The Japan Times  …
India under threat? Delhi issues warning to China over ‘threats to our sovereignty’ According to Indian government officials, approximately six Chinese research vessels have been spotted in the region this month.  …
33,000 as Alawee. Anthem don change. Under the sun or in the Rain, even in the Snow or for China, Nigeria is ours, Nigeria we serve. 
And he was forced to stay in davao since China isn’t safe because of the Virus. Also, big thanks to the stuff of Marco Polo for also assisting this guy going to the pool or to his room. They’ve been checked and they’re safe.
So many problems from corruption to declines in scientific advance would go away if we attacked inequality. China dedicates its talent to discovering scientific truths. America dedicates its talent to spreadsheet modeling of layoffs or getting us to click on more ads.  …
If the US government does not ban  flights from China to curb the Coronavirus, how many American deaths would it take to prevent Trump from being reelected? I think the number is around ten. #coronavirus
The news focuses on the "China Virus" and the potential for harm and death but we have another disease that has infected a great number of people...Trump Derangement Syndrome" that is far more dangerous to our nation!
China is trying its utmost and taking unprecedented measures to fight coronavirus. Though the situation is still serious, we have full confidence and capacity to win this battle. International cooperation is indispensible at the moment. #WHO, 
China is suffering from Karona Virus and India is suffering from upar upar se karlo virus.
Sweden’s leading newspapers and broadcasters together call on their government to take stronger action against China for its “unacceptable” repeated attacks on the country’s media, which have included visa bans and threats.  …
Just what pro-Brexit American conservative were counting on? | "As Britain exits the European Union, it can’t afford to alienate China, which is a big investor in the country and a growing buyer of British exports. From an economic standpoint, it would be a big risk." @nytimes
These four coaches ferrying British evacuees from China to quarantine aren’t exactly reassuringly named. 
And #US life expectancy will increase even more when we hold #China accountable for protecting the #fentanyl gangs. #XiJinping runs the world's most effective surveillance apparatus, so these large-scale criminal organizations could not operate without his  …
Called Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi today to thank him for the cooperation extended by the Chinese government for the departure of Indian students and professionals from Wuhan. As China deals with the #coronavirus challenge, we agreed to stay in touch.
Singapore said it would stop issuing visas to people with Chinese passports and deny entry to foreigners who had visited China in the past 14 days. There are currently 13 confirmed cases of the coronavirus in Singapore. 
My heart bleeds Look at this baby who had infected with coronavirus, he doesn't even know why he keeps locked inside this room. A baby infected with corona virus in Wuhan, China It's so painful for parents to see their child suffer like this . 
Pakistan shows solidarity with China by not evacuating stranded Pak civilians in effected Chinese cities. Is Pak officially a Chinese colony now?
Kenya Airways has suspended flights to China over coronavirus.
Corpses lying on the streets, others sitting nearby resigned to their fates. As per locals, a million+ have already been infected by #coronarvirus in Hubei- #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak . What's China trying to hide? 
This is what happens when a principled democracy like America vacates the geopolitical space. An authoritarian, unprincipled power like China enters the vacuum. Long term this is harmful to America itself cc @thespybrief @LouiseMensch  …
At Wuhan airport - a student of Wuhan University, Tanishk Nanda tells me how the evacuations are taking place. Different countries evacuating their nationals. A crying shame that the Pak government chooses to ignore their nationals to stand by their ``all weather friend'' China  …
Passengers at RAF Brize Norton are disembarking from a plane which has brought them from Wuhan in China. Read more here:  
India bans export of all kinds of personal protection equipment, including clothing and masks used to protect people from air borne particles, amid coronavirus outbreak in China
#BREAKING UK charter plane carrying evacuees from China's Wuhan lands in Britain 
Indian spin doctors at work Pakistan official said it’s not evacuating citizens from China’s Wuhan because WHO "does not  evacuation"  …
This week I signed a contract with @yalepress for my book, "Prestige, Manipulation, and Coercion: Elite Power Struggles after Stalin and Mao," which examines the succession struggles in the Soviet Union and China after the deaths of Stalin and Mao.
The #1st two novel #coronavirus patients have been confirmed in Russia. Both patients earlier in January have traveled to China, BBC reports. 
#nCoV reveals that #China's friends are fair weather. Money can't buy friendship. China must change its strategy and stop trying to buy the world's allegiance. China's spending should focus on making its own people happy so the #CCP can lighten up on social  …
Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad said that the strong measures taken by China have fully demonstrated the determination & confidence of the Chinese government in preventing & controlling the epidemic.
Similar challenges, reportedly for deaths in #China (credible reports of people dying of #2019nCoV that went untested and/or unreported). Plus, some infected people are still critically ill...
Indian Army medical facilities may not be as luxurious as private hospitals, but when you are alone, afraid and defenceless, know this...a soldier will hold your hand and fight the storm for you. Army creates a facility in Manesar for Corona Virus  in from China. 
#MorningJoe Jared Kushner had a secret meeting in China. Russia if you’re listening democrats want dirt on what he was doing in China let’s play the Republicans game 
#Coronavirus - 9,811 confirmed cases in China, around 116 cases abroad: Total - 9927, Total 213 deaths, 187 recovered. UK, Italy and Russia  latest countries confirming 2 cases each 
#WATCH Air India special flight from Delhi lands in Wuhan (China) for the evacuation of Indians. 
China Flight Cancellations and Reductions  
If the Coronavirus had originated in Sweden, Liberals would be hysterically demanding that all flights from Sweden cease immediately. Along with all trade ships and goods, as well as legal Swedish immigrants and travelers. But since it started in China: "Stop being racist!"
I hope that all my friends - their ship calls at Ningbo, China tomorrow - will remain safe through this crucial period (coronavirus) 
The World Health Organization has declared that the coronavirus spreading out of China is an international public health emergency. “It’s not because of what is happening in China, but what is happening in other countries," said 
First Secretary of Central Committee of Communist Party of Cuba Raul Castro Ruz & Cuban President Miguel Diaz-Canel said that the rapid & vigorous measures taken by China have given them full confidence in the ability & wisdom of the Chinese friends. Cuba stands ready with China.
Can someone smart explain why the US has begun a travel ban to China but we’re not halting flights from China. Doesn’t seem like this makes much sense.
>~90,000 infected in China alone. (Unless China lied) >~200 dead in China alone. (Unless China lied) CNN: BUT DIVERSITY!?  …
My heart bleeds Look at this baby who had infected with coronavirus, he doesn't even know why he keeps locked inside this room. A baby infected with corona virus in Wuhan, China It's so painful for parents to see their child suffer like this . 
This came on a whatsapp. I feel sad that the Pakistani students and others are stuck in China despite #CoronavirusOutbreak. India like US and others are bringing their citizens back but Pakistan govt is leaving them to their 
A suspected case of #Coronavirus admitted to Medical A ward in Saidu Teaching Hospital #Swat. The suspected patient arrived to Swat from #China 2 days ago. Plz apply safety protocols at earliest, be safe everyone. 
WHO Director-General Tedros: China's approach reflects openness, transparency & international cooperation. The Chinese government is doing its best every day to protect the Chinese people not only for its own sake but also for the world. China deserves our gratitude and respect.
President Trump is objectively kicking China's ass. They have far greater assets with which to "steal" an election than Russia and are highly motivated to put a weak-on-trade Democrat in power. But do you hear us crying about China, "stealing our elections?" No, you don't.
Maybe if china didn’t eat abnormally large raw bats they wouldn’t cause a global epidemic
Good news! 20 infected people recovered and got discharged from the Jinyintan Hospital in Wuhan today. The oldest one is 64-yesr-old and the youngest one is 15-year-old. #WuhanCoronovirus 
. China is cremating bodies in secret, the official coronavirus death toll is “low”, as disturbing new report claims. The thing America has is a president that tells us the truth. President Trump has his thumb on this so I’m not worried... @POTUS  …
Australia - Wildfires China - Coronavirus Brazil - Flooding India - BJP #SOS
China just built a 57 floored new hospital especially for virus Corona patients . In just 16 hours they finished the first few floors . In 19 days they finished all 57 floors hospital including water supply and electricity gods must crazy u know 
Fits thrown by Dems- Russian Hoax Stormy Daniels SCOTUS Building the Wall Climate Hoax Abortion 1A & 2A Racism NorthKorea Golan Heights Iran China Brexit USMCA Middle East Peace Agreement Impeachment Carol battle up?- OVER before it even started, back up again? With what?
It's amazing how market prognosticators and economists used to say "When China sneezes the world catches a cold" yet now China is sneezing its head off and markets are within 2% of all-time highs!  is stunning.
If you have returned from Wuhan in the last 14 days, self-isolate at home and call 111. If you have returned from wider mainland China in the last 14 days and have symptoms, self-isolate at home and call 111.
China didn't ask for help. But we can offee a Prayer for them especially the people of WUHAN #PrayForWuhan 
It is a badge of honor to be considered the greatest threat to western hegemony and the US rogue state. May the Communist Party of China drive the final nail into the age of imperialism, then the world will be a much safer and equally prosperous place. #CCP 
So I’m not a conspiracy theorist at all...y’all just sound crazy...but hear me out on this one... The people of China are overthrowing  gov...they’re gaining support rapidly...suddenly outbreaks a new virus, making the gov lock down the whole country... 
China has chartered two flights to Southeast Asia to pick up stranded Chinese travelers from Hubei Province, the epicenter of the deadly coronavirus that has spread across the globe. 
Update #CoronaVirus: The UK has announced 83 Britons and 27 foreigners will all land in UK today from Wuhan China. ALL of them will be isolated for two weeks before being released. Chinese people who travelled for holidays return to Nigeria next week. I hope we do the needful.
Sanjeeva Kumar, Special Secretary (Health), Ministry of Health & Family Welfare: 366 people are to be brought from China to India tomorrow. They will be kept in isolation for 14 days at the ITBP center in Chhawla . Safdarjung Hospital has kept 50 beds for critical patients.
There's no excuse for the silence of Muslim-majority nations as China in Xinjiang detains one million Uighur and other Turkic Muslims for forced indoctrination, imposes a highly intrusive surveillance state, and separates children from their parents.  
Singapore bars arrivals from China over virus fears 
The United States warned Americans not to travel to China as the death toll from a new virus reached 213 and the World Health Organization (WHO) declared a global health emergency. More here:  
My last column was about how China's repression of free speech and civil society exacerbated the coronavirus outbreak. Now the Public Security Minister doubles down, calling for a "crackdown on illegal acts of rumors...and false epidemic information."
“Indonesia cannot abruptly stop its visa-free policy for all Chinese nationals, citing concerns over diplomatic relations, despite mounting calls for the government to do so to keep the archipelago free of a deadly coronavirus that started in China.”  …
Watch : Video from the Red Cross Society of #China of volunteers and members assisting at temperature checkpoints in Zhe Jiang Province. Red Cross people in China are hard at work supporting people at risk of 
It now only takes a 10 minute drive to traverse the Que'er Mountain in China's Sichuan, which once even "the eagle can't fly over" 
#UPDATE Air India special flight which departed today from Delhi has landed in Wuhan (China) for the evacuation of Indians.  …
Happy #FossilFriday! Today's featured @JurassicFDN-supported research is the description of the brand new microraptorine Wulong from China! Read all about it here:  
China’s Funding of U.S. Researchers Raises Red Flags: Academics don’t always disclose the funding, adding to concerns about national security. When officials at the Texas A&M University System sought to determine how much Chinese government funding...  …
The Pakistani students in China have to be helped in every way and brought back to Pakistan fulfilling all international health requirements ensuring their health and safety.  …
 from China - Britain brought it to India in the 19th century. Slavery was outlawed in 1833. Victoria came to the throne in 1837. (And the slaves were in the Caribbean, not Africa). There’s enough real history to get into without this kind of carelessness
CHINA WUHAN MAYOR ZHOU SAYS CONTAINMENT OF CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK IS STILL SEVERE AND COMPLEX-CCTV
#Coronavirus - 9,811 confirmed cases in China, around 116 cases abroad: Total - 9927, Total 213 deaths, 187 recovered. UK, Italy and Russia  latest countries confirming 2 cases each. 
Robot serving food to coronavirus patients in China. Robots minimizing risks to human staff. #Robotics #coronavirus 
Is Dutrte that sick? Keeping weekends sacred has nothing to do with being religious There’s a global health crisis going on. What did Panelo mean by Dutrte meeting “with medical professionals”? Did he mean his own doctors or China’s propaganda doctors?  …
Made in China, available soon in the USA.  …
In China, Doctor prescribed to wash hands 3 to 4 times a days & put water in the nose due to #coronarovirus. Muslims perform wudu 5 times a day and wash hands and put water in nose. #IslamTheTrueReligion
Medical workers in Hong Kong say they will go on strike if authorities don’t stop all visitors from China from entering Hong Kong as the #coronavirus outbreak 
Stop what you're doing right now and listen to Luke, the hilarious caller currently stranded in China due to coronavirus. @mrjamesob | 
Secy,Ministry of Defence:Nearly 40 countries have confirmed their participation in Defence Expo.A delegation from China to  We're taking precautions for all foreigners. We've Standard Operating Procedure in place&screening will be done as per the procedure. #coronavirus
The coronavirus outbreak in China is hurting the bottom lines of businesses.  are feeling the impact of the global health emergency  
UPDATE Jan 31, 2020, 12:45 GMT Coronavirus Confirmed Cases 9,782China 19Thailand 16Singapore 15Japan 12HK 11Korea 9TWN 9AUS 8MYS 7MAC 6USA 6FRA 5DEU 5VNM 4UAE 3CAN 2ITA 2UK 2RUS 1IND 1FIN 1KHM 1LKA 1PHL 1NPL (Worldometer) 
China's drone army fighting coronavirus: Farm, police and personal drones are repurposed to spray disinfectant over villages and cities 
Statement of solidarity with the People’s Republic of China :  
In light of the inevitable acquittal, what possible reason is there to sustain this law? Trump asked for foreign interference in the 2020 election from Ukraine and China (so far). The Senate has concluded this is acceptable. The campaign finance laws are now anachronistic.  …
China has constructed and opened this 1000-bed hospital in just 48 HOURS to cope with the coronavirus outbreak. Can we please get the name of the contractors and get them working on Norcross Roundabout? 
THREAD: A bogus arrest in Pakistan. The plight of Rwandan street kids. China's rights-bashing response to the coronavirus - here are our top 5 reads this week. 
Social Scores May Reward Or Punish Citizens In #China by @steube #Digital #Tech #Technology #CyberSecurity #AR #AugmentedReality #Innovation #Mobile #Internet #Electronics #Infosec #IT Cc: @dt @topcybernews @oxana_zeitler @wil_bielert 
#BREAKING Russia to evacuate citizens from China over virus: agencies 
Let's be wise in taking precautions against #coronavirus Let's be bold in opposing Chinese Communist Party regime But let's not turn to discrimination & racism against Chinese people I love #China & its people.I detest the regime that represses them 
Viral outbreak that began in China has infected more than 9,800 people globally. 
Huh. Guess which area of China he has ties to.. yup. WUHAN.  …
just landed in Malaysia n passed by this big group of police officers (they weren’t wearing masks) and then they started pinching their noses and covering their mouths and used their hands to “fan them virus away” .. they thought we were from China .. y’all stupid
Should we really have to tell you not to travel to China?
Chicken farmers and Peking duck restaurant owners aren't the most important subjects to write about in the middle of an epidemic. But I do think what they're going through illuminates the cost China's private biz are paying. It'll be very important soon. 
Singapore bans China travelers to keep out coronavirus  
#expertview Zhong Nanshan, one of China's leading respiratory experts and a hero of the 2003 fight against SARS, said that huge concentrated outbreak of Wuhan coronavirus won't happen.  …
Wilbur Ross said the outbreak of the novel coronavirus in China could be good for bringing jobs back to the U.S.,  review their supply chains and potentially move out of China. 
 Kunal Kamra banned from IndiGo and Air India after heckling BJP ally" South China Morning Post gets the headline right. When will our main stream journalists get it right?  …
U.S. State Dept. issues travel advisory not to travel to China amid concern over coronavirus  
Is the Coronavirus getting worse or better? We are receiving conflicting reports from China! 
FACT: Seasonal flu's mortality rate is ~0.01%. (1 in 10,000 infected) ALSO A FACT: nCov is ~4% (we don't really know because well, China) and rising (greater than 400 in 10,000 infected)  
Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) has created a facility near ITBP Chhawla Camp, New Delhi for quarantine of approximately 600 Indian families arriving from Wuhan, China. Families and children will be taken to this facility from the Airport. #Coronavirus  
“I think I’ll be much more useful here than in France.” A French doctor has vowed to stay in China’s Wuhan city to help fight the coronavirus 
Ha ha! Brilliant! #coronavirus #China Bat powered! I love it!  …
The World Health Organization has praised China's response to the coronavirus outbreak and its efforts to stop it from spreading overseas. #coronavirus  …
Shoulda sent Roberto to China. He can’t catch a thing.
Love that WHO declared the coronavirus an emergency and specifically said it was because every other country on earth wasn't doing their part to contain the outbreak but that China was actually kicking ass lol
67 organisations, including The Lancet Group, Cell Press, and Elsevier  to sharing all relevant data on 2019-nCoV fully, freely, and immediately. Global solidarity with WHO, China, and all frontline health workers. 
Opinion: WHO decision on China's #coronavirus outbreak is a call for solidarity  …
We should stop all contacts with China. The Corona virus is dangerous. Furthermore, that way we also get to stop paying their debt. 
China has occupied Tibet since 1951. An estimated 1 million Tibetans died during China’s Great Leap Forward. 6000 Tibetan Monasteries were destroyed during the Cultural Revolution. Tibet is still occupied today. But the left obsesses only about Israel...
That's cool because today the Senate is gonna formally authorize foreign governments helping presidential campaigns. So, China, if you're listening, I hope you can find the actual recording of Trump's Zelensky call and whatever else you feel like sharing.
Two cases of coronavirus - one in Tyumen region, one in Trans-Baikal region - are confirmed as first in Russia. Both infected people are citizens of the People's Republic of China 
Quarantine #China until it allows #FreedomOfSpeech. This is the only way to nip future outbreaks in the bud, before they  epidemics like #nCoV2019. My article in  …
Biden sullied/soiled himself with the Ukraine & China dirty dealings, NO assistance needed, Debs! #NoMalarkey  
Corona virus hits the UK from china in a few days meanwhile an ebay order still takes 3 weeks shipping, love to see it. #coronavirusuk
The key difference is that Mao answered the question of “What is China?”, resolutely and unapologetically. While the only thing the Indians have ever dared to pursue is to be praised a few nice words by the white men. India deserves its fate.  …
1. The reaction I've heard so far from regular people in China who have heard Secretary  has been stunned disbelief, disgust, and anger.  …
#China Virus Cases May Be Undercounted Even With 3,000% Surge @business  …
Does this mean the democratic nominee can be sponsored by China?
Number Of Coronavirus Cases Surpasses SARS As China Holds 60k Under 'Observation' 
Do you really believe #China is locking down so many places because of 132 deaths? Or is it more likely that they are LYING? 
"Singapore Closes Its Border With China"  …
China may have to cut taxes, boost spending and slash interest rates to prevent the coronavirus outbreak wreaking havoc on an already fragile economy. 
In order to verify whether the 2019-CoV crisis came from bioweapons or not, the US government can draw blood to test the Hubei's tourists, before CCP getting them back to China.
Very Sad. A 17-year-old from a rural town in #China’s Hubei province is reported to have died alone in his family home - while his father and younger brother had been sent away to be quarantined for the infectious  …
#coronavirus #US State Department elevates #China travel advisory to 'Do Not Travel' due to coronavirus This is the highest-level warning  …
China's Xiamen Airlines dispatches two charter flights to Thailand and Malaysia to bring home more than 200 Hubei tourists stranded following the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan  
Five additional cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in Thailand, bringing the country’s total number of cases to 19. One is the first Thai citizen infected with the virus who has no record of traveling to China 
Misinformation on #coronavirus is being shared globally. Shortly after China confirmed human-to-human transmission in the outbreak of the new SARS-like virus, social media is flooded with misinformation #FakeNews about the virus Here is a thread of the hoaxes debunked by AFP:
China is gay 
#coronavirus Italy is the only European country with a ban for flights to #China - #EvaAirways and #ChinaAirlines forced to cancel all flight (one in Rome one in Milan) cause #Taiwan is of course a province of PRC - That's why pointing on @icao policy is essential 
Beijing, China 
200 Oxford Nanopore sequencers have left UK for China, to support rapid, near-sample #coronavirus sequencing for outbreak surveillance. Read the full story here:  
Borders closing around the world. If this lasts for weeks or months, will have a huge impact on China and on global supply chains.  …
Yannick Carrasco chilled in China for a while and then decided he wanted  back and work again at Atleti. I feel like this is a good move all around. 
Findings by Chinese researchers that the coronavirus was spreading from person to person as early as mid-December -- weeks before China officially confirmed such transmission -- have sparked a massive backlash on Chinese social media,  …
China is deploying drones that will verbally bully you  with the quarantines. It’s really something. 
Police drones deployed in China, with cameras and facial recognition. I’m surprised they don’t have guns on them yet.  …
RE: Corona virus is an enormous demand shock. YES! Correct! I live in Shanghai, China. Everything is shut down, people are not leaving their homes. The whole country! This is not analogous to SARs 2003. China is far bigger and the global economy is more connected. 
#coronavirus Jan 31: ∙ Singapore Bars Entry to Visitors From Mainland China (but #HongKong border stays  …
Dear @nytimes, Singapore does not have a border with China. 
#CORONAVIRUS: ITBP creates a facility swiftly near ITBP Chhawla Camp, New Delhi for quarantine of approximately 600 Indian families arriving from Wuhan, #China. Families will be monitored by a qualified team of doctors to watch for any signs of infection 
Coronavirus deaths surge as U.S. warns on China travel; Hong Kong shuts schools until March 
China may have to cut taxes, boost spending and slash interest rates to prevent the coronavirus outbreak wreaking havoc on an already fragile economy. 
The longer coronavirus dents China’s industrial output, the bigger the risk to global supply chains 
If @realDonaldTrump hadn't started the herculean effort to return manufacturing to the US and stop lopsided trade with China three years ago, imagine how bad our economy would be right now.  …
Walking around without a protective face mask? Well, you can't avoid these sharp-tongued drones! Many village and cities in China are using drones equipped with speakers to patrol during the #coronavirus 
Luke from China is a beacon of light on a dark day... @lbc @mrjamesob
Watch out @DVATW You and I will be next. There is no free speech in Britain. It does not matter what people say. What matters is your right to say it. This country is  worse than China.  …
The U.S. State Department has told Americans not to go to China, raising its travel alert to the highest level, after the World Health Organization declared coronavirus a global health emergency 
China built a Hospital, Ground up, in one month, and will open it for patients. India takes six months, after a Hospital is fully built, to open it for the public, because the ministers of that state are not available.
I’ve not listened to LBC for pretty much a month or so as I’ve tried to stay off of talking radio as it’s been so depressing. But I returned today to @mrjamesob to finish the journey that began with him - and Luke from China has just cheered me up no end. What an amazing fella!
Report: China’s Currency Manipulation, Unfair Subsidies Killed 3.7 Million US Jobs  … ⁦ @EconomicPolicy⁩ ⁦ @ScottPaulAAM⁩
#CORONAVIRUS @ITBP_official has created a facility swiftly near #Chhawla Camp, New Delhi for quarantine of approximately 600 #Indian families arriving from #Wuhan #China, families will be monitored by a qualified team of doctors, to watch for any signs of infection. 
Some Americans plan to leave China following a U.S. government advisory about a spreading virus outbreak, but many others are staying. The State Department issued a travel advisory Friday saying Americans in China “should consider departing.” 
OFFICIAL: Atletico Madrid confirm the return of Yannick Carrasco, who left for China in 2018 
#EmergingTech fueling #EdTech in #China >>> @XHNews and HT @evankirstel via @MikeQuindazzi >>> #AI #IoT #makeyourownlane #AR 
Let’s be kind without being suicidal. China discourages travels, why play as saints? Chinese have their government and class health care system that can cater a lot. We have what? Is our government efficient? Is our health care system ready? Can they be availed by the poor?  …
It is time to take serious action We cannot afford to put the health and welfare of Canadians at risk by keeping flights from China open Support the will of the people in Australia 98% supported banning flights Stop the politically correct BS Protect Canadians
Israel is requiring all airline passengers returning to the country from mainland China to self-quarantine for two weeks to decrease the chances of transmission of the Wuhan coronavirus. 
#IndianArmy If you do not see us, it means we are doing our job. #CORONAVIRUS #IndianArmy responding to the emergency has created a facility near #Manesar for quarantine of approximately 300 #Indian students arriving from #Wuhan #China. 'अदृश्य लेकिन असरदार 
China’s Share of Global #BaseMetal Consumption (%) 2003 (SARS) v 2018 (latest full year data) Copper, aluminium, zinc, tin, nickel, 
An ex-colleague's WhatsApp status. She is well educated but firmly believes Corona virus is Allah's hit job on China, for offending him! 
Wenzhou, a city in eastern China, has  the 1st city outside the epicenter to reach more than 200 confirmed cases of coronavirus, according to the BNO tracker  
How grotesquely cruel & idiotic! Wilbur Ross is cheering the coronavirus epidemic: he claims the outbreak in China will boost the U.S. Economy. If the US economy needs a global pandemic  with China, we are in trouble!  … via @thedailybeast
Our country is even struggling to provide free toll roads to us yet, busy donating to China who just care to flush out as much money as possible from our countey
#coronavirus #Italy has declared a state of emergency for 6 months due to coronavirus #Italy also cancels all flights to and from #China, confirms 2 cases of coronavirus in Rome Via 
To contain epidemic,  in Hubei Province, the epicenter of the outbreak, have implemented strictest management, including sealing off  Up from grassroots, China is doing its utmost to battle coronavirus. 
OFFICIAL: The UK is delighted to confirm the coronavirus has joined on a permanent deal from China. 
Hong Kong unions threaten strikes unless border with mainland China is closed to stop 
More Worrisome Than Climate Change: China accused of lying over true scale of coronavirus: Death toll may be higher than the official 213 'because officials are cremating bodies without adding them to records'  via @MailOnline
The question that still lingers on the Coronavirus is how long have the Chinese government known about its existence and how many in China already have died as a result? I suspect we will never know due to their history of secrecy That is what should outrage politicians!
“It appears China paid Lieber hundreds of thousands of dollars over the years for his involvement with the Chinese entities and for his work on research for Chinese gain,” said U.S. Attorney for Massachusetts Andrew Lelling.
Prosecutors said Lieber had a contract with Wuhan Institute of Technology. He also ran a group that had contracts with the Department of Defense and National Institutes of Health. Federal agents said Lieber lied about his ties to China when he bid on those contracts.
Three people were indicted on charges of lying about their ties to China. Among them was Dr. Charles Lieber, chair of Harvard University’s Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology.  …
So as per South China Morning Post , This TV news anchor is BJP Ally.  …
Large numbers crow flying in the sky in Hubei, Henan, Tianjin & other places in China after the #CoronavirusOutbreak . People say crow can smell bodies, even before they die. Chinese people regard crow as very ominous #coronavirus 湖北、河南、天津多等地成群乌鸦满天飞。 
So... USA Japan India Brazil Australia Russia... ...want post-Brexit Free Trade Agreements with the UK, as confirmed recently by officials from all of these countries. Well, so do 43 others, incl. China, Canada, S Korea, Mexico, Switzerland, Turkey, UAE, South Africa, Malaysia.
When you put on a mask to protect yourself from Corona Virus and suddenly notice it's “Made in China” 
#BREAKING Plane carrying French citizens evacuated from China's Wuhan lands in southern France 
As of this morning, - 9,776 cases of #2019nCoV #coronarovirus - 9,658 in mainland China So *99 percent* of cases are in mainland China. - 213 deaths; 187 people recovered...  …
A novel #coronavirus patient in Ningbo city, East China's Zhejiang province, was discharged on Friday, bringing the total number of cured patients in the province to 10 so far.
Fears of the deadly coronavirus have fueled xenophobia and anti-China sentiment abroad 
Air India's relief flight about to land in Wuhan, China, to evacuate Indians stranded in the stricken city. 
#CORONAVIRUS: ITBP creates a facility swiftly near ITBP Chhawla Camp, New Delhi for quarantine of approximately 600 Indian families arriving from Wuhan, #China. Families will be monitored by a qualified team of doctors, to watch for any signs of infection. 
Coronavirus latest: • U.K. confirms first two cases • 9,952 confirmed cases worldwide • 213 deaths in China • U.S. and Japan advise citizens against China travel Track the outbreak in maps and charts 
@RudyGiuliani HeyRudy WhenU TookDown NYC-Mobs How In TheHell DidU MissThe @SpeakerPelosi Pelosis?JustSaying! It’s In TheBloodMassCorruption All TheDems Dabbled In TheUkraine&China Now TheCoronavirus2-TankR, StrongEconomy ThesePpl R SICK @realDonaldTrump #KAG2020LandslideVictory  
Singapore does not mess around. Bans all visitors who’ve been to China in the past 14 days (includes those who want to transit through Singapore).  …
The U.K. reports its first two coronavirus cases and Pakistan  air travel to China 
I have SO MANY criticisms of China, in general, but to pretend they aren't putting a pretty incredible amount of diligence into fighting coronavirus is ridiculous. There's a ton of  sentiment mixed with orientalism in the coverage of this epidemic.  …
Pray for China 
Understand coaches arrived earlier at RAF Brize Norton to collect potential coronavirus sufferers flown in from China. They all had “Horseman” written on the side - the name of the Reading-based coach firm. And yes, there were four of them.
Singapore is taking aggressive action against the further spread of #coronavirus. “All travellers arriving from mainland China who had been there in the past 14 days will be barred from entry or transit in Singapore. The new measures will kick in at 11.59pm on Saturday Feb 1..  …
Travelers breach China virus lockdown by taking bridge over Yangtze  
Singapore bans arrivals from mainland China over coronavirus fears  …
#ITBP has created a facility at Chhawla Camp, New Delhi for quarantine of approximately 600 people arriving from #Wuhan #China with all basic requirements. A team of ITBP doctors will be available 24x7. #CORONAVIRUS 
We can't just keep asking China. Something has to be done, seriously. I don't agree with eating animals but if you really have to, beating and barbequing them alive is not the way to go about it. Barbaric, sick, twisted animal abusers.  …
Singapore has announced a sweeping ban on arrivals and transit passengers from mainland China as authorities toughened measures to prevent the spread of the deadly novel coronavirus.  …
I admire China on how they're quickly building a hospital for coronavirus only. This kind of emergency response is what we need here. Rather than playing blame game, we must unite in this trying time.  …
News and opinion censorship by govt, pure and simple. If it works for China's 'basic dictatorship', its OK with the Trudeau govt: Opinion: Broadcasting report constitutes a stunning unjustified power grab /via  …
duterte admin: harassment of farmers & fishermen rice tariffication law TRAIN law Mindanao martial law EJK Marawi seige closure of lumad schools corruption & poverty increase insufficient help to Taal victims war on drugs wps dispute China debt trap virus outbreak #OustDuterte
This is the cause of the corona virus, china needs to stop eating everything that walks, china needs standards.
"It's not right that she's a Canadian government employee(from China) providing details of top-secret work and know-how to set up a high-containment lab for a foreign nation(the epicenter of the outbreak)," one employee said.  …
The option of cancelling the Sanya Formula E race is now on the table, following WHO's declaration of the China coronavirus outbreak as a public health emergency:  …
James O'Brien  a milkshake truther... AC Grayling saying the British Navy was going to sink a frigate in the South China Sea to distract from Brexit... Carole Cadwalladr... Read @cjsnowdon's trip down Remoaner memory  …
#BREAKING Countries queueing up to go astray from @WHO guideline & banning China & #Hongkong residents to get  …
A Delegation from 30 Countries like Australia, China, Thailand, S. Africa, Bangladesh, etc. with India Fellows participated in Jamrudpur AAP Rally This group of India Fellows reached out to AAP MLA Candidate @Saurabh_MLAgk to know more about the clean politics in 
I love that there's a travel warning that says Don't travel to China. I'm not leaving America even if I had the money right now.
UPDATE: Number of people infected with coronavirus in China rises to 9,809, ambassador says  
Corona virus a result of China's bio-warfare experiment, says Israeli biological warfare analyst  … via @eOrganiser
Wife saying goodbye to the doctor before he goes outside with the purpose of serving people in Wuhan city, China. This picture is worth a thousand words #coronavirus 
The 200 South Koreans who were flown home from Wuhan, China, on Friday were met with a mixed reception. Some residents held up  signs -- while others protested their presence. 
#BREAKING Mongolia bans Chinese, foreigners arriving from China until March 2 to stop virus spread: official 
Australia: Bushfire Barazil: Floods China: Corona Virus Pakistan: Tik-tok What’s happening in this World?
A sober and profoundly disturbing summary by Benedict Rogers of the disastrous failure of the appeasement policy towards China.  …
Japan donated 1 million masks to China, S Korea 2 million What did Taiwan do? Banned exports of masks. Won't even let CN buy them Let's not forget Taiwan did donate 100,000 to AUS @iingwen TW gave 80 HK terrorists safe haven  …  
Finnair cancels all flights to mainland China between Feb 6 & Feb 29, 2020. In order to allow customers currently traveling to return home, Finnair will operate flights between Helsinki and its mainland China destinations until Feb 6. Read more: 
Just contacted Amb. Azeema in China and know that the Embassy and Maldivians in China are safe and sound. The Chinese Gov. has taken all necessary measures to ensure the health safety of foreign nationals in China. Every Maldivian who chooses to stay will be taken care of. 
Qiu Xiangjian has only 2 days of feed left for his 40,000 chickens,but all the feed factories had closed. As China shuts down factories,markets&roads  coronavirus,small biz owners are desperate.Qiu's chickens are starving this moment. My latest 
A special SriLankan Airlines charter flight (UL 1422) left Colombo to bring back the 33 Sri Lankan students from Wuhan, China #CoronavirusOutbreak
Meanwhile, Italy, a Mediterranean country that is more than 8,500 kilometres away from Beijing, has declared state of emergency and barred all travellers from China, including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, due to the epidemic. What an irony! #WuhanCoronavirus  …
Confirmed coronavirus cases: - China - United States - France - Japan - South Korea - Taiwan - Singapore - Thailand - Australia - Nepal - Vietnam - Hong Kong - Macau - Malaysia - Canada - Cambodia - Sri Lanka - Germany - UAE - India - Philippines - Finland - UK
Chinese Ambassador to the Philippines Huang Xilian says 600 boxes of face masks totaling 600,000 face masks have been donated to the Philippines by a Chinese business organization he met earlier at his residence, says China is concerned about the situation in the country.  …
Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) has created a facility near ITBP Chhawla Camp, New Delhi for quarantine of approximately 600 Indian families arriving from Wuhan, China. Families and children will be taken to this facility from the Airport. 
China Is Cremating Bodies In Secret To Hide True Extent Of Death Toll. Official Toll is "WAY TOO LOW"  …
Bong Go. I apologize. I really don't like his policies or methods. His policies favor China, his methods are fake, playing a whole lot of Filipinos for fools. Coronavirus is on him, and on President Duterte. I wish media would keep his mug out of my face.
i’ve only really seen memes and negativity from other artist on social media about the corona virus. china needs your support just as much as any other country that was going through something terrible.
China coronavirus update: ~first 2 UK cases ~WHO declares international emergency ~8 cases of human-human transmission outside China ~Nearly 10 000 confirmed cases globally and more than 200 deaths (all in China) Full story to follow @bmj_latest
The outbreak of the coronavirus will cut U.S. economic growth by 0.4 percentage point in the first quarter as the number of tourists from China declines and exports to the Asian nation slows: GS's Jan Hatzius via @TheTerminal @anir_nag
Singapore Ministry of Health assessment: "The likelihood of  transmission in other parts of China is now high. As a result, we are likely to see a sharper rise in the local transmission of the virus in Chinese cities beyond Hubei province in  days"  …
Italy suspending flights from and to China, including #HongKong. #CarrieLam may refuse to close the border, but she will soon find out, there’s a bigger price to  …
Italian closing air traffic from China, #HongKong, Macau & strangely Taiwan from Feb 2nd 0000 till April 28th 2359 upon #2019nCoV #WuhanPneumonia - the first country take such strong action.
Italy and Kuwait has banned aircraft from China from entering their borders. HK, Macau and Taiwan are included as well. It’ll only be a matter of time before the world follows suit. Truly pathetic. Fuck you HKGOV! #CloseTheBorders #WuhanVirus 
$TSLA - prediction: this shutdown will extend to all of February. How is this going to work out for you, @elonmusk ? 40% of Model 3 Parts are imported from China’s eastern provinces. At Least Two-Thirds of China Economy to Stay Shut Next Week  …
BREAKING: two cases of coronavirus being treated at Newcastle's infectious disease unit. New Gov advice:  back from China with respiratory symptoms should self isolate for 14 days.  back from Wuhan, with symptoms or not, should self isolate for 14 days.
Timothy Young lying on @adamboultonSKY that we were rule-takers in the EU. We made the rules in the EU. From now onwards we will be taking the rules of the EU, USA and increasingly China. And we will have zero say in the making of those rules.
Some perspective on #WuhanOutbreak. #2019nCoV less fatal than SARS: 2.2% vs 9.6%. SARS was contained within months. #China has experience from the 2003 #SARSvirus. 700 people die of #Tuberculosis each day in China 34,000 flu deaths in US last year. 
Cases of the #coronavirus have now been identified in 20 places outside China including the UK. Meanwhile, scientists across the world are working around the clock to develop a vaccine 
Interesting to note the #IndianArmy has been able to set up a 300 person isolation hospital within days of the #coronavirus breakout. We might still be a shade behind China & it's 1000 bed hospital but we're not bad either. #Kudos to the team that built this in record  …
To all asking, Why The Army to quarantine  from #coronavirus affected Wuhan, China: The Armed Forces is the nodal agency to tackle Nuclear Biological Chemical Warfare. That is why Army and Armed Forces Medical Service is being deployed to tackle and manage the kids.
Sorry but I can't post SB19 related tweets at this time. Feel free to unfollow me. My heart weeps for those affected by the virus. If you have time, please take a pause, and pray for China, the Philippines and the rest of the world. There is a God. #PrayForChina #PrayForWuhan
