Interesting IEA report. Africa’s urban population will grow by half a billion people by 2040, much higher growth than seen during the two decades of China’s economic and energy boom. Oil & gas will be the key drivers to meet this energy demand.  …
Well...this was entirely missed by all of us. Is China targeting evangelical pastors? Sending them the "Cultural Revolution" style to prison? While negotiating trade with President Trump who just launched an Evangelicals for Trump event in Orlando Florida?  …
Iran could also choose not to respond. Instead call out Trump's belligerence.  to diplomacy and the Iran Deal and strengthen its ties with China and Russia. Putin is aligned with them in Syria already. Might be a way to de-escalate from this madness.
Friendship is earned through action. Which country could send its foreign minister to visit African countries at the beginning of new year for more than 30 year with no interruption? It is China! Solidarity with African countries!  …
Vile and disrespectful. Communist China continues to repress the Uyghurs simply because of their religion.  …
China's censors are turning their attention to the rest of the world. 
That’s a movie star! Zhao Shuzhen plays Nai Nai in The Farewell. At the Indie Spirits brunch. Lulu Wang admits that her grandmother has finally learned the secret they kept from her now that the movie has opened in China. 
One also has to wonder what kind of support they'll find from Russia, who fought alongside Soleimani in Syria (with horrific, disgusting, and tragic results), and China, who is unlikely to be in Trump's corner following his trade war. 10/
National MP Jian Yang organised Simon Bridges' controversial China trip, emails show  …
Tianqiaogou National Forest Park. Dandong, China, Silk Road.  … #silkroad 
before Iran & China kill us anyone wanna yanno ... 
To Iran and China if a hot war starts I have a map of the US for you so you know were to hate 
30min sketch using peel off china marker 
Visitors walk in front of ice sculptures ahead of the opening of the Harbin International Snow and Sculpture Festival in China's northeast Heilongjiang province Noel Celis 
Who do you want cleaning up after @realDonaldTrump in Iran? North Korea? China? I don't want Bernie, Liz, Pete or Andrew. I want someone prepared on day one. Someone who gets it and has worked with both sides. The time for Biden is NOW! #Biden2020 #NeverTrump
Show in China 
China removes top official in Hong Kong after eight months of anti-government protests  
I'm an American abroad, so watching this from the outside is insane. American news outlets are wrong. Iran and Iraq are not celebrating. They are now united against America along with China, Russia, and Assad. Life just got a lot more dangerous for Americans abroad
I'm not shy about my dislike for China's sick culture. So it's not enough that we've absorbed approx 10 percent of the populations of Mexico, El Salvador and Guatemala? Now we have to take tens of millions of Chinese?  …
America must be sure not to  its own worst enemy while responding to China's technological advance 
China replaces its top official in Hong Kong as protests continue  …
A great look at the layout for the new Mack launched coaster heading to Suzhou Paradise Forest World in China. Quite an interesting layout.  
Those are two separate issues. I truly abhor US imperialism and the atrocities  I have also personally lived in China and am friends with Uyghurs. Anyone who has lived there can tell you they have long been an oppressed minority group.
China extinguishes another species. To be fair though, we have to admit that Brits probably have the worst record for destroying wildlife in the world. We need to do better before lecturing others.  …
Earthquake: 2020-01-05 06:55HKT M3.4 [22.08N,113.86E] near coast of Southeastern China  … Felt in HK.
China plans to increase its high-speed railway network, by adding 2,000 km of new lines in 2020. A total of 3.85 billion passenger trips are expected to be made by rail travel in in 2020,. There were 3.57 billion rail passenger trips made in 2019. #China 
3) Critical to visit China regularly as a Western internet/tech investor - it’s the easiest way to see the future, or perhaps more accurately, a future.
The UN Security Council needs to do something & at least isolate Trump. Where are Russia, China & Europe? Europe especially would be a major loser in the the devastating region-wide conflict that’s about to erupt. At the bare minimum they should meet their obligations under JCPOA  …
Second, even if we succeeded, it would be a purely symbolic gesture because it would make no significant impact on global emissions, which continue to increase fuelled by major emitters such as China, India and the United States.
Hong Kong being the conduit for US dollars to China (approx. 70%  in that way), and the #CCP desperately needing those dollars, works in Hong Kong's favor. The question is, does Hong Kong fall, or does the Chinese Communist Party fall? Freedom, warts & all, or tyranny.
Japanese American here: been told to “go back” to Vietnam, China, Korea, Mexico (I tan dark) and hell yeah Japan, depending on which country is trending in the news. I’ve learned haters are bad at geography, not to mention distinguishing between ethnic surnames.
Meanwhile in Zimbabwe, State owned enterprises are known for making severe loses and burdening the fiscus. Talk of NRZ, Hwange Colliery, Zupco, GMB, Telone, Zimpost, ZMDC mines, Air Zimbabwe whilst in China the collective profits in the first 10 months is reported at USD 418B  …
| Most viewed videos in the past 24 hours — Spanish: #3. China 2,655,095 [+1] #4. Que Tire Pa' Lante 2,551,435 [+1] #9. Con Calma Feat. Snow 1,804,011 [=] #15. Despacito 1,144,062[+1] 
We thank #NewJersey @GovMurphy for speaking out against #China’s brutal campaign of mass internment of 3 million+ #Uyghurs in #ConcentrationCamps and #ForcedLabor camps which is no doubt a crime against  …
If you were representing the United States in the U.S.-China trade war, what decisions would you make? What if you represented China? Try out the Beyond the Brink game to simulate the U.S.-China trade war:  
$TSLA - This is a lie. Please show us where the 3,000 cars are located from last week. We should see another 12,000 in 4 weeks, right? $TSLAQ Tesla Model 3 Production In China Already Above 3,000 Per Week  …
did yall see razer china launched a pikachu mouse... i need it so much :( 
Chinese Proverb: When you have had a toothache, you can understand how another person's toothache feels. ❖ Chinese Proverbs
Since 2000, the world has gained 2M acres of leafy cover per year! The primary source of this new foliage? India and China, “a surprising finding, considering the general notion of land degradation in populous countries...” @NASA #DecadeinCheer  
100% by 2025: China getting serious about IPv6  …
Meanwhile China's censorship: it's not gay until they'll hug
5. China relies on Iranian oil and gas (invested $400 billion) for ambitious projects such as its Belt and Road Intitiative which aims to link dozens of countries in Asia, Africa, Middle East. Beijing will not sit quietly if its investments are  …
Iran is not Iraq. They have 500,000 military + the support of China & Russia. We have... ZERO Allies supporting your action. It's clearer & clearer that you  what you've started. But you don't care bc it's NEVER the kids of greedy politicians who die at war.
Steel fire dragon was paraded against backdrop of fire shot from bamboo tubes and wild chants to celebrate the intangible cultural heritage of Furong "Hibiscus" town in Central China's Hunan Province 
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer as a military general would take over Russia and China but then get invaded by Macedonia and Gabon
need more fics of lwj and jc *trying* to get along whether it be in ancient china or in modern times pls
LIVE: A China Airlines flight is returning to SFO in the next few minutes after dumping fuel over the Pacific Ocean. Story  
1. Growing up, my dream was to be an animal biologist. 2. My favorite color (aesthetically, not Magic) is green. 3. As a child, my father pushed me to be an actor, but I refused. 4. I lived in China for 2 years and taught at Tsinghua University. 5. I have extreme social anxiety.  …
Student performance in reading, math and science in 79 countries, 2018: 1 Singapore 2 Macad, China 3 Hong Kong 4 Estonia 5 Canada 6 Finland 7 Ireland 8 South Korea 9 Poland 10 Sweden 11 New Zealand 12 US 13 UK  
*cough* Just a reminder that most ethnically Chinese people outside of China? Do not actually love Mao. Like, at ALL.  …
There appear to be many unreported cases of this pneumonia in central #China, especially around #Wuhan. #WuhanCluster  …
the number of mosques in Xinjiang has increased from 2,000 at beginning of China's reform to more than 24,000, or one mosque for every 530 Muslims. "Do these figures exemplify religious freedom or are they result of the large-scale demolition of mosques?"  …
Developing - China Airlines Boeing 747 Flt. 5107 currently off the coast of San Francisco with a fuel dump in progress. This flight departed SFO @flySFO at 1:39pm and was headed for Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport. @abc7newsbayarea @CBSSF @nbcbayarea @KTVU  …
Having a great time at the 104th #PAFarmShow seeing the people from #PA12, and across the Commonwealth, showcase their agricultural products and achievements. Also hearing a lot of support for the #USMCA and President @realDonaldTrump’s success on the Phase 1 China trade deal. 
It took a lot of smart people to pull this off. KNIVES OUT outgrossing THE RISE OF SKYWALKER in China is one of the most fascinating knife-twists in recent movie history.  …
"Why is the leader of New Zealand's biggest opposition party meeting with the head of China's secret police?  …
China trade deal. Trump FAIL. Healthcare plan. Trump FAIL. Infrastructure plan. Trump FAIL. Middle class tax cut. Trump FAIL. Mexico pay wall. Trump FAIL. Casino. Trump FAIL.
Kerr still plays dumb about Hong Kong/China but claims expertise on ties, or lack thereof, btwn Iran & Al Qaeda. For the record, he's wrong, & clearly he has not read  report, nor is he aware of Soleimani's past in Iraq. Stick to hoops.  …
Daisy makes a list of fun things to do with her Yeh-Yeh who is visiting from China...but he’s grumpy...so she’s determined to cheer him up. Such a sweet story! It publishes in April of 2020! #bookaday #bookposse @kmoorebooks @xindiyanart @littlebeebooks 
Exclusive: Still No Information on Missing Uighur Families in China- Debunking the Global Times ‘Debunk’ – Part 1  …
Revealed: Wee Simon’s recent trip to China (for instructions from Politburo secret police boss) was organised by former spy trainer masquerading as ⁦ @NZNationalParty⁩  …
Hong Kong is protesting China's Communist rule. Be thankful for your freedoms! 
China, Russia and Iran are doing joint naval drills together. The Trumpocalypse Cow divides us from our allies and brings our enemies together because he is a fucking stable genius and knows more than the fucking generals.
Where was this nit-wit? The Middle East is part of his job! Now he's involved with CHINA? You can't handle it, pretty boy!  …
The Anjihai Grand Canyon, also known as Red Mountain Grand Canyon, sits at the northern foot of the Tianshan Mountains in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. It is an impressive natural  of steep cliffs, jagged rocks, and vibrantly colored stones. 
Iran has Russia and China but the USA has Rednecks Like me (Repost) 
Huashan is located in Huaying City, Shaanxi Province of China, 120 kilometers away from Xi'an. It is one of the sacred mountains related to Taoism in China, and well-known for its steep cliffs. Climbing Huashan is regarded as one of the most amazing hikings in the world. 
She could have made it sound more historically accurate to then-China by mentioning something like mother-in-laws—or making reference to the fact that China doesn’t follow a modern nuclear family. She could have mentioned first wives or concubines.
Yang Bing, the creator of Lost Soul Aside, stated in an interview with Chinese media that his 2020 goal is to release the game before the end of the year. Also looking at considerations to extend the Lost Soul Aside IP beyond games. The game is part of Sony's China Hero Project 
The China Snow Town, known as Shuangfeng Forestry Center of Mudanjiang City, Heilongjiang Province, China. It has already had abundant snowfall as thick as 50 cm. Folk activities are popular in the town in the evening. You can enjoy a yangko dance performed by local villagers. 
China now controls 60% of the world’s  market:  
First book finished in 2020 is @LetaHong's fantastic Betraying Big Brother — I learned so much about China's feminist movement! I am only sorry it took me this long. Read it, folks! 
Funny, we don’t see filmmakers and sports stars decoding China’s hack of the OPM database or excited about Dutch intel filming Russia’s hack of the State Dept. But...lots of star power when Russia stole from the NSA. So strange...
We could lead the world for AI, leaving China in the dust if we did one fundamental change: A non-transferable right of ownership to your own data. A right as fundamental as private property is to modern capitalism.
#Justice Kansas City, MO Man Sentenced For $6M Synthetic Cannabinoid Conspiracy, Pakistan $-Laundering 3 YRS in PRISON #DrugTrafficking PAY $4,750,000 FORFEIT SEIZED $2,005,239 Shakeel Khan CO-CONS Mhd Saleem Asif Saddiq K2 Chemicals from China @POTUS  
China removes top official in Hong Kong after eight months of anti-government protests  
Lulu Wang just told the audience that the real Nai Nai knows the truth about her illness now because of a review of the film for the Chinese release. In China THE FAREWELL is titled DON’T TELL HER. Nai Nai knows #TheFarewell #GoldenGlobes
China dog Billy enjoying his new life with Liz at new @bedsforbullies HQ and having a lovely roll on the grass during his walk 
The same way we paid for a useless war last time: We will borrow on the backs of our children and grandchildren from countries like China. The rich don’t fight nor pay for the wars they create.  …
A Google Executive Tried To Protect Human Rights In China. He Now Says Google Pushed Him Out For It.  
Noted advocate of Red China failed to read the 9/11 Commission report  …
After LeBron and the NBA sided with China over Hong Kong.
But educated Nigerians believed that China became great by closing its borders for 50 years. Ndi ala  …
Chips are a vital product to China because they are fundamental to any technology-led growth, and for making weapons 
In China Fake News is a crime All MSM would be criminals if the US was  country. Reporters shouldn’t vote for Bernie, Socialism breeds Communism. They’ll all be locked up before he takes the oath. As Mayor he ran his own NEWS outlet, like a true Communist would. 
So when China was massacring protestors in the streets you caved to their censors to line your own pockets, but when we kill a terrorist you have an issue? What even are morals anymore.  …
About the death of Soleimani, the impression I have here in Brazil is that, sooner, at an emergency meeting, the Leader Khamenei will ask an advisor the following: "What support are we getting?" Answer: "China, Russia, Syria, Hezbollah, the Democratic Party and the US Press."
Made in China. Step off
trump’s CareeningTowards Conflict With IRAN.IRAN Is Capable Of Destabilizing Middle East & .IRAN Is Ally Of CHINA,RUSSIA,SYRIA,ETC,& Has Assets Around The Able To Create Chaos,Destruction, Death.More Then Ever I Cant Thinking,..THIS IS NOT THE TIME 4 ON THE JOB TRAINING
The 6 big questions for 2020 How to create jobs in  What's the plan for tech monopolies? How to create universal healthcare? How to deal with China? How to improve public schools? What's the climate plan? The answers need to make sense & be workable
China's approach to religion in 2020: "A Chinese Catholic  "In practice, your religion no longer matters, if you are Buddhist, or Taoist, or Muslim or Christian: the only religion allowed is faith in the Chinese Communist Party."  …
This chart is almost a year old, but shows how China is changing the way it is producing energy: Massive change going on 
Flashback to when @SteveKerr had  about China’s human rights abuses 
China human rights abuses good. Stopping murderous terrorist bad. Progressives activists are imbeciles.  …
Here in China - The world's largest Democracy (single party), we would have tanks rolling if 100k protesters against govt were out on streets.  …
The house is R 1.4 million, the deposit required is about R 700 000 since I work abroad&won't qualify for 100% mortgage.I need prayers, huge savings to qualify for mortgage since I work abroad, banks criteria.Lord have mercy on my budget from now until December 2020 in China.
Greta wants  to Japan??? Please, Don't..... Go to China, lady. Also, India and Malaysia. People are suffering from haze, air pollution.  …
UYGHUR PROTEST TOMORROW: a protest is being held tomorrow outside China’s embassy (Portland place!!) at 6pm to vocalise opposition to what China is doing in Xinjiang/East Turkestan. Impact is determined by numbers  through 
U.S thought they would strangle Iran to submission with their sanctions till China pulled em off life support with that $400 stimulus. That helped lives and fended off imperial aggression not your useless "all states are bad" "two imperial powers" tweets
Probably the only  so far: Experts search for answers in limited information about mystery pneumonia outbreak in China  … via @statnews
War with Iran help Russia, Bibi, MbS + give Trump the team he needs to help him win the election. Disguised as taking out a bad guy. The biggest bad guy = Trump. Near peer war keep RU and China from gaining on US capabilities. All of this is bad for America.
Some untruths in the media about Australia's "archaic" grasp on coal power. The facts. Australia has 21 coal powered power generators with many scheduled to be retired  years. I believe China proposes to add an extra 2 coal powered power stations per week for 12 years.
[articles] RM has been mentioned in “South China Morning Post” where they wrote about his collaboration with younha in her new album’s opening track “winter flower”. #RM #NAMJOON #김남준 #알엠 @BTS_twt  …
You should read about what China's doing in Africa bruh
The Communist Party of India (Maoist) has an analysis on how China has  imperialist & is exploiting the developing world through neo-colonialism Maoists Every non (Red) Neo-Con China is capitalist and imperialist  …
Just watched a German Youtuber's video on how China is supposedly a threat to the entire world. All I could think while watching was; "Dude, in 100 years your country isn't even going to be German, I think you have more important problems to worry about." 
Sad, but a perfect analogy, Doc. Fortunately, #HongKong by its very nature is more open to the media, and HongKongers more experienced in using them, but the #USA & #EU must stand up and make clear we are willing to sacrifice in order to punish #CCP- #China for further repression.  …
The World Health Organization is monitoring a mysterious pneumonia outbreak in China 
Amid ramped-up pressure from Moscow and rising public sentiment. Belarus’s president is inviting China and the United States to exercise influence in his country as a way of forestalling political union with the Kremlin. 
According To The Census: China Has Sent More People To The U.S. Than Any Other Country In The Last Decade #TAP #BorderCrisis 
China's ocean waste surges 27% in 2018: ministry China dumped a total of 200.7 million cubic meters of waste into its coastal waters in 2018, a 27% rise on the previous year and the highest level in at least a decade  …
#Celebrating31yearsOfMWL: Unzilla Malik (China) "Today is 31th Foundation Day of MWL. On this auspicious day, I would like to congratulate all the members of this forum. Our great leader @TahirulQadri provided us such a great platform & indeed its a great blessing" 
I learnt China dey look for SOYABEANS. Learn how to package goods outside the country. Learn also export protocols. You don’t need a farm , you can be off- takers. Get someone in China to relate with. Research yourself & make money 
If Steve Kerr’s going to opine on international affairs, wish he had the courage to do so on China.  …
This is a testimony for my father. Please help me rescue my father. #FreeIminjanSeydin #MetooUyghur #Xinjiang #China 
On the other hand, the United States is already waging economic warfare against Iran and has been since Trump reimposed sanctions. This is the kind of warfare Trump likes to wage, even against bigger adversaries (China).
Yuqi won 3rd place in the Best ACE Award of the Year (Female) from Kpop Starz Awards from China 
GMT tweeps! Did you know that the module kml2gmt lets you extract points, lines, and polygons from a Google Earth KML file?! Took literally one line of code, piped to psxy, to grab the borders of NAWS China Lakes for this map.  
This suspension bridge in China is one of the highest in the world 
China removes top official in Hong Kong after eight months of anti-government protests  
Good news! Unborn children are not things to be created and changed in a scientific lab. They are human beings who deserve respect. China Jails Scientist Who Genetically Altered Unborn Babies 
Or millions of Muslims torn from their families in China and put in re-education camps? Is criticism of Chinese human rights abuses forever a topic no one associated with the NBA can discuss? And why? Is it possible to just state it is wrong?  …
Dec 2019: Pakistan decided to import polio markers from India Why? Because last time, Pak purchased markers from China & faced quality issues Now, India's polio markers reached Pak Ironically, Pakistan had suspended all kinds of trade with India after abrogation of Article 370
they used to show these sweet moments where they’ve heart-to-heart talks in season 1-3 & i really missed them one of the most touching moments (to me) was when hodong teared & choked up while sharing about his father coz he met someone who resembled him while in china S2  …
Germany Switzerland Saudi Arabia The Netherlands China England Belgium United Arab Emirates (transit) Luxembourg Austria  …
...and if you really want to stick it to China, we should be stapling green cards to all of them!  …
As long as you don't have to criticize China ypu seem happy to step into the geopolitical arena #FreeHongKong
#Bigboss13 @sidharth_shukla #WinningSid From Sid to all fans thanks. ;) Just like China’s stuff won’t last long same in mine and Sid’s life fake friends won’t have any space at all. Assemmm made a mistake choosing Rashmmmi and now he is struggling to get footage. Haha ;) 
Exclusive: Weakened by Sanctions, Venezuela's PDVSA Cedes Oilfield Operations to Foreign Firms - Russia's Rosneft and China's CNPC are among  helping to keep PDVSA alive by operating joint oilfields or injecting cash to the state   …
Both China and America are quick to assume the other has malign motives 
China brings in hard-line enforcer as new top official in Hong Kong 
#China and #Russia opposed the abuse of military force in the US- #Iran conflict, and agreed to strengthen joint strategic coordination to maintain international justice, said Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and his Russian counterpart Sergey Lavrov during a phone 
"No longer can European policymakers simply dismiss China as a far-away power — it is already carrying out influence activities inside the European Union alongside Russia"  …
John Carpenter on the set of Big Trouble in Little China, 1986 
So the issue here is a matter of 1) personal politics/opinion and 2) professional journalistic integrity. Melissa is free to espouse any opinion of China that she wishes as a private individual. Problem is the collision w her role as a public facing expert on China.  …
Now how about you do a story on this. BC needs to let go of the past, the climate apocalypse is upon us. They need to ban cruise ships, tankers, ferries and shut down the coal industry which supplies China. What the heck lets go for the Gusto shut down their ports all together.  …
Hospital officials in Hong Kong raised their alert level to "serious" as a mystery viral pneumonia outbreak in mainland China continued to spread 
Europeans and Americans who think that they will sit on the sidelines and the WWIII will pass them by are mistaken.Even if they survive nuclear strikes between the superpowers as of U.S., Russia & China (not even including Pakistan,India & Israel), their lives will be like hell.
If China were hostile to Iran Kerr would diagnose the situation as   on.  …
It’s nice to see China is letting their subordinates tweet about politics again.  …
Democrats are doing the work of Putin and China when opposing Trump in Iran (this is how it works, right?)
He doesn’t mention Trump by name so not sure how it is a “denunciation of” him. The subtext is that this is the work of “the Deep State.” Let’s not forget: Tucker is still a white nationalist mainstreaming bigotry. He denounced Mexico and China more than Trump.  …
#China, it's time: #FreeMichaelKovrig  …
#Sculptors take part in the 9th China #Harbin International Ice-Assemblage Championship in Harbin, Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, Jan 3, 2020. #art 
In price-sensitive markets, Lenovo allows ordering systems without OS and dedicated Nvidia gpu for Intel sys. Similarly, in China, you can get Linux OS. You won't find such options in the EU, UK/CA or US Lenovo site. Anyway, I won't trust the factory-installed Linux distro ;) 
when I say prince of china you say..... 
Interesting that unlike Russia, @MFA_China refuses to directly condemn the strike as violation of international law (so far, anyway). Compare  
United World Chart (UWC) — Year-End Chart 39. "China" by @Anuel_2bleA, @daddy_yankee, @KarolGmusic Ft. @JBALVIN & @Ozuna_Pr — 2.258.000 
Overwhelming support at the UN General Assembly for Rohingya Muslims facing persecution by Myanmar. When will we  support for Uighur Muslims facing persecution by China. Does money give the Chinese government the right to massively detain Muslims with impunity? 
Chinese, Russian FMs discuss Gulf tensions, cooperation at UN Security Council  China and Russia should play a responsible role in properly handling the current situation in the Middle East: Chinese FM 
China seeks "reunification" with #Taiwan. But since Taiwan has never been a part of the #PRC "reunification" does NOT exist. #China plans to take Taiwan by any means necessary. #Democracy must be defended. Read my Taipei Times editorial  …
WHO is closely monitoring this event and will share more details as we have them. WHO is working across the 3 levels (country office, regional office, HQ) to track the situation. #pneumonia #China
#China has reported to WHO a cluster of #pneumonia cases —with no deaths— in Wuhan, Hubei Province . Investigations are underway to identify the cause of this illness.
Incredible ice sculptures in China - CBBC Newsround  
Apart from "I Will Never Cheat On You" Which other Sentence do you Know that Was Made In China??
(Thread) Former China Correspondent, Bruce Lui, analysis for the replacement of Wang Zhimin by Luo Huining at Hong Kong Central Liaison Office. 1. Oldest one to hold top HK liaison official since 1997 2. Luo was just appointed a retiring post in Dec  
China changed its top representative to Hong Kong in the first major leadership reshuffle since anti-government protests broke out in the city seven months ago  …
Ten shopping days since Christmas. Mice, with teapots and teacups. The last two images are from One Cheetah, One Cherry and the words read "Nine white mice, happy as can be, with tiny china teacups and a big pot of tea" It's an anarchic counting book pub by 
Long term exposure to ambient PM2.5 at relatively high concentrations is positively associated with risk of incident stroke and its major subtypes, finds new data from China 
348 miles of China’s Yellow River frozen solid.  …
The magical "Saturn's rings" was captured at Qaidam Basin, known as China's "Cornucopia", in NW China's Qinghai Province. 
What do you think? We are at war with Russia, China, and their surrogates. It’s not a conventional war. Our sovereignty was attacked via Russian Active Measures as well as by others. Read about the Gerasimov Doctrine.   …
China ramps up tech education in bid to  artificial intelligence leader. 
Most observers outside China we’ve spoken to feel Beijing massively misdiagnosed the cause of Hong Kong’s protests — with Liaison Office seemingly doing a terrible job of briefing bosses. Will new appointment be a sea change? Somehow I doubt it.  …
China announced a new top liaison official for Hong Kong, replacing the former director amid months of protests in the financial hub 
Great Wall of China? The Great Pyramid? 10 of the Most Impressive Civil Engineering Projects in History... 
5 unknown things about me: 1. My phone contacts include a Disney Princess, a Beatle, a billion $Producer 2. Been to China 8x in 6 years. 3. Yelled at by  Jerry Goldsmith 4. Was a character in a  strip 5. Gwen Stephani’s brother got me into animation
While we're on the topic of international relations, let's discuss China. Steve? Steve? Where are you going?  …
ME: I'm setting up a stall in Tehran selling US flags and I'm willing to offer you 25% for £15,000 funding. PETER JONES: I'm out. DEBORAH MEADEN: Can we get them made in China?
Now imagine that Baekhyun fought 7. He went viral everywhere, topped everything, sold the most in 15 fkin years, went platinum digitally in minutes after release in China, topped all korean searches nd trends and got blocked Melon. He outfkincharted exo on some platforms, pls.
China sacks top #HongKong envoy  …
No he isn't trying to start a war, he already has. Funny, China, russia and Iran are having joint military exercises. The red flag over Iran means eminent danger. It hasn't been raised in over 200 yrs! Funny how this strike happened after a call with Putin. This is a war crime.
China has plans to appoint its own successor to the Dalai Lama. We are calling on the Chinese government to respect the will of the Tibetan people and allow Tibetans to decide who will  their next spiritual leader. Sign our petition here:  …
#Iran will consult #China, #Russia regarding retaliation to #US over killing of  …
#35ZimbabweBabyElephants ripped from their mothers betrayed by #ZanuPF #IvonneHiguero #CITES #illegallyTrafficked to #China 24-10-19 bad day for #Zimbabwe Now languishing in Concrete hell #BringThemHome . @UNODC_JorgeRios . @UNODC . @UNEP .  …
austrailia is litereally on fire, muslims are being held in concentration camps in china and actual ww3 is about to start, but the daily mail headline is about how Kylie Jenner has more Insta followers than Kim???? there’s something proper fucking wrong there
Former BYU standout Eric Mika has left Xinjiang in China to pursue opportunities in the NBA. Mika spent the preseason with the Sacramento Kings before being waived. In China he averaged 19.9 PPG and 11.7 RPG over 7 games played.
Chinese are unscrupulous in pursuing every opportunity to promote their kinship networks and race. They built China through outright reproduction of more babies than natives. CBC is anti-White, and is  in Chinese race supremacism over Richmond and Vancouver.  …
Is China ok with  on this?
Trump ‘A’ces the week with China and Iran : 
Virologists have questions. They are hoping China starts providing answers about Wuhan’s mystery pneumonias.  …
President Trump acts on behalf of Western nations killing a terrorist strategist. The Middle East is in chaos. Albertans are unemployed. We are locked out of trade with China and India. Meanwhile in Costa Rica..... 
kerr had virtually nothing to say when asked  on china’s human rights abuses three months ago.  …
Naked #Threat from #ChiNazi: — Dear all  Your business opportunities in #China depend on how your governments behave. #Obey us, you survive. This is economic #terrorism. #CCP  …
such a nice article of Yoona it said how Yoona is garnering more attention in china and her popularity there is almost similar to "a class" actresses in china and her beating chinese actress in polls & that she truly best represents Korea.  …
It has gotten worse. The Conservatives are backed by the Republicans, Kochs et al and the NRA with money funnelled via 3rd parties in Canada. They meddled in our last election as did Russia and China.  …
. @realDonaldTrump's a pathological liar. He's lied 15k times since taking office. Lied about Russia, N. Korea, Saudi/Khashoggi, China, the wall, crowd sizes, election-interference, tarrifs, tax cuts, military aid quid pro quo's etc. And he's lying again...  …
just heard from a friend returning from China after a visit & being prevented from bringing back a "banned" book--a classic written in the early 17th century.  …
#Topsun Motors Launched in #Pakistan Provincial Housing Minister Mian Mehmood-ur-Rasheed has said that Pakistan is progressing rapidly with the cooperation of #China, while  are taking keen interest for investment in the country 
#RuYi (& Ding Ding) Was Brought From #China To #Russia As Part Of A #15Year #ScientificResearch #Pandas Can Be #Observed In Their #Natural #Environment #Pandas Should Be #Free #NOT #BEHIND #BARS At A #ZOO #BanZoos 
For an increasingly rigid and weak regime in #China, turbulence in #HongKong can trigger protests elsewhere. As Mao said, a single spark can start a prairie fire. #IsChinaBurning? @Michael_Yon  …
U.S. government limits exports of artificial intelligence software to China - Reuters  …
1) The Republican/Trump political strategy is certainly not new. It depends on serious political apathy, pandering to the party or "base", and corrupting the election process. Iran does it. Nazi Germany did it. Communist and now fascist Russia does it. China does it. 
Can’t wait for Lisa’s China schedule, whew busy busy busy! 
China's Tencent/Ponzi Alibaba/Jiang Zhemin-tied Ant Financial applies for Singapore digital banking license - Reuters Singaporeans, this is a Trojan Horse, stay as far away as possible.  …
America accuses China of stealing and spying; in return China believes its capabilities are being curtailed 
Dear Hindus, In 1952, Nehru-Sheikh Settled 1000s Of Uyghur Muslims From China's Xinjiang In Kashmir With Full Citizenship Rights But No Secularist Protested In 1959, Nehru-Bakshi G Mohd Granted Citizenship To Muslims From Gilgit in Kashmir but No Secularist Protested But CAA....
Secret revealed: It's all about cricket. It still doesn't fully explain the whole "Australia is bought by China" phenomenon in India. China is also the top destination of U.S. exports (outside N. America) and no one thinks China "owns" the U.S. But cricket explains a lot.  …
Most powerful militaries: 1. United States 2. Russia 3. China 4. India 5. France 6. Japan 7. South Korea 8. UK 9. Turkey 10. Germany 11. Italy 12. Egypt 13. Brazil 14. Iran 15. Pakistan 16. Indonesia 17. Israel 18. North Korea (GFP) #Iran #WWIII
Holy crap, the RWA shit-storm just leveled up AGAIN. Forget digging a hole, they're now in China Syndrome meltdown territory.
Some subjects of Trump false claims in December: Dishwashers crowds light bulbs Biden Michelle Obama impeachment refugees 2016 steel Europe California windmills Hillary Christmas judges planes courts Roger Stone NATO Choice CNN China energy tariffs  …
#DroneChina The lovely blossoms of golden rapeseed oil plants are brightening the Wanfenglin scenic area in Xingyi, Southwest China's Guizhou province, when most places in China remain in the grip of the cold #winter, waiting for  of 
#PastorCao’s wife & children just had another #Christmas at home without him. He is still wrongfully imprisoned in #China, desperate for a return to #America. Remember him. Pray for him. Demand his freedom. Sign our critical petition 
JUST IN: China removes top official in Hong Kong after eight months of anti-government protests  
China "lacking finance capital" is a funny meme  …
Mar-A-Largo is such a dangerous place for a so-called Potus to do business. It is breaching all kinds of National Security protocols; Russia and China all over the area w/spies; and Trump is most likely a Russian asset doing his treason & private business w/out any scrutiny.
Average age difference between men and their wives/female cohabiting partners Gambia: 14.5 yrs Nigeria 11.8 Bangladesh: 8.7 India: 5.6 Brazil: 3.6 Japan: 2.5 Russia: 2.5 China: 2.2 US: 2.2 Czech Rep: 2.0  
Considering the reaction from Chief Executive Carrie Lam, who has never really responded to people's voice, I doubt whether China will ever "start listening to the voices of Hong Kong". Nevertheless, people of Hong Kong are ready to continue the fight for 
I called on the number 88662 88662. A guy named Vikas picked up and told me he’s stuck in Blame Nehru Road for six years and his brother Achhe Din has disappeared. He also mentioned his uncle 5 trillion economy has gone to China and has no plans  back.
Chinese State Councilor and FM, Wang Yi holds phone talk with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif. Wang says China will play constructive role in maintaining peace and security in Middle East and Gulf region while remaining objective and fair.  …
#China has destroyed more than 100 #Uyghur Muslim graveyards, satellite images show. #Uyghurs #EastTurkestan #Xinjiang  …
Melissa Chan, the Council on Foreign Relations member, admits that her anti-China vendetta is a personal grudge against the PRC for "upending" her family. Funny how Xi himself had his life "upended" by the CR and yet didn't  a CIA asset?  …
How a five-week-long shoot in Changchun, China  with hoverboards, a banquet's worth of crab and a surprise visit from 300 dancing kindergarteners — resulted in an awards contender. Go inside the making of #TheFarewell: 
#China plans to increase its #highspeed #railway network, already the world's #biggest, by adding 2,000 km of new lines in 2020, according to the country's railway 
We should all be letting @SenMikeLee know we do not want hundreds of thousands of H1B visa workers from China and other countries. These jobs should go to Americans. Companies in USA are laying off hard working Americans for these cheaper foreign workers. This is an atrocity.
The only reason Iran has a tinderbox at all is because BOTH parties have sat by while watching them build and fill it. That's one of the top reasons we #MAGA folk hired a bull in a China/Mullah shop in the first place!  …
FM Wang Yi just had a phonecall with Russian FM Lavrov. FM Wang Yi said military adventurism is unacceptable. He called on Iraq's sovereignty respected, UN Charter observed & regional peace maintained. China&Russia will continue to uphold international justice & peace.
 … Iran daring to strike back itself could lead to the collapse of the Islamic Republic leading to a war with the US which may antagonize Europe, China or Russia. Tread carefully Iran. This isn't the President who paid you off in money to behave.
In a very different way, the trade war with China, the sanctions against Iran and now the death of Soleimani are reminding us of the overwhelming military, economic and financial US power. It may lead to hubris but it’s undeniable. When used brutally, it’s quite unsettling.
China is building hundreds of new coal fired power plants, and Bernie wants to cripple the US economy and energy supply - and thus give the Chinese a  advantage over Americans. 
More life, eternally grateful 
Hong Kongers have no hope in China Communist, all of them are just the same. We will continue to fight for autonomy, freedoms, justice and democracy. 
Take it from a guy who lives in Asia and has an amazing 5G connection. Your Democratic candidates NEED to recognize China as a big threat. Apps like TikTok which is HUGE in Asia and around the world seem harmless but your young kids are addicted and get sucked into... #YangGang
#SaveUyghur — not only ideological “re-education”, #China now even DESTROYING #Uyghur graveyards to control #Muslim beliefs. //Reporters visited some destroyed #cemeteries. In some, they found human bones scattered.. #China_is_terrorist 
“Manufacturing activity contracted last month more than it had in a decade, data released Friday showed, a sign that economic damage from President Trump’s trade war could linger even after the United States and China sign an initial trade deal.”   …
FM @JY_LeDrian just called FM Wang Yi. FM Wang noted unilateral force will trigger confrontation and vicious circle. China and France need to enhance  and oppose all unilateral military actions.
FM @JZarif just called & briefed FM Wang Yi about the #USairstrike on #Soleimani. FM Wang said US military adventurism will escalate regional tensions. China will be objective & fair and play a constructive role for regional peace and security.
I don’t short stocks and I’m not a Tesla bear. The problem is there is no clear path to Tesla reaching thousands a share right now. Model Y is baked into the price. China isn’t cash flowing dollars next 60 quarters. Autopilot is a liability at best. Cybertruck will be a drama.
Wow. India abstained on a resolution on Rohingya Muslims while Pakistan went against its own ally China to vote YES. Good decision by Pakistani govt. Well done. Israel also voted YES for Rohingya Muslims. Shame on all the govts that voted NO. 
GDP Growth, 2019 India: 6.1% China: 6.1% Indonesia: 5% Pakistan: 3.3% US: 2.4% Nigeria: 2.3% Spain: 2.2% Netherlands: 1.8% Canada: 1.5% France: 1.2% UK: 1.2% Russia: 1.1% Brazil: 0.9% Japan: 0.9% S Africa: 0.7% Germany: 0.5% Saudi: 0.2% Turkey: 0.2% Italy: 0% Iran: -9% (IMF)
Beijing replaced its top representative in Hong Kong, the first major change in China’s bureaucratic apparatus for governing the semiautonomous city after months of unrest 
Reading MAGAt tweets. They imply Trumo will “wipe Iran off the map,” if they attack us. Great plan, guys. You know who  to Iran’s defense? Only China & Russia!! And who  to the US defense? NO ONE! #NoWarInIran
China and Russia opposed the abuse of military force in the US- #Iran conflict, and agreed to strengthen joint strategic coordination to maintain international justice, during a phone talk between Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and his Russian counterpart Sergey 
China appears to have been destroying traditional Uyghur cemeteries for several years as part of what critics describe as a broader, coordinated campaign to control Islamic beliefs and Muslim minority groups within its borders.  
A shiny new puppet is not the answer. Until Communist China decides to start listening to the voices of #HongKong and give them the human rights and autonomy they deserve, the people will continue to speak  …
China abruptly replaced its top representative in Hong Kong on Saturday evening, installing a senior Communist Party official with a record of difficult assignments in inland provinces that involved working closely with the security services 
Cancelling plans is ok. Attempting to mislead a regular customer is ok. Saying it’s a half-loop stitch on china silk when you’re not sure is ok. Taking your break is ok. Do what you need to do to cope.
China tells Iran foreign minister that U.S. should stop 'abusing' use of force 
“Death to America”. Blah blah. We’ve heard it all before. The only EXISTENTIAL* threat to our country are the democrats and China. In that order. * unlike the democrats who used the word as a talking point, I know what it actually means.
As we casually coast to WW3, a war in which the US, Israel & Saudi Arabia would be the adversary of Russia, China & Iran. The biggest idiots on this website are concocting theories about how Trump is Putin’s puppet. The nukes could be in the air & the narrative wouldn’t change 
Thank you @AmbassadorZhang. Yet another positive development in Maldives-China relationships. Looking forward to working even more closely this year on this and other such mutually beneficial projects. A very warm  to Dr Chen Weoring to Maldives.  …
Satellite images were key to unveiling the scope of China's mass detention camps in Xinjiang. Here's how reporters and researchers have used technology and advanced reporting methods to understand what's happening.  #ChinaCables
Bannon: Our intelligence apparatus was wrong, “missed” rise of China until @realDonaldTrump. Why are we depending upon them now for reliable info on Soleimani? LIVE NOW on War Room: Impeachment w/ @CitizensAR Steve Bannon ft. @BillGertz Listen & watch 
Now Do China.  …
Dear President @XiJingpingReal,Please Stop Show Your Military Force in South China Sea As Your Claimed Based On "NINE DASH LINE" Is Not Recognized by "UNCLOS  ) So Indonesian People fully Supported President @jokowi & Our @ASEAN Ready To Fight in 
Bannon: Iran is China’s central link to 21st century domination. Iran is the key that picks the lock for them LIVE NOW on War Room: Impeachment w/ @CitizensAR Steve Bannon feat. @BillGertz Listen & watch 
#LMMFAO! #China has officially declared that private #gun ownership in #America is a serious problem and needs to be CHANGED. Like we said during the #Texas revolution, #ComeAndTakeIt. Watch VIDEO by @jyanis Guns & 
China replaces top official in Hong Kong following months of protests. 
Exclusive: Iran uses China bank to transfer funds to  – report | Article [AMP] | Reuters  …
There was one man who knew this was the likely  He's managing in China with the striker they should have signed.
MTV NO DEY DOWNLOAD VIDEO !!! Mtv Africa , America , UK , China , India ........ We don’t download videos
America and China's "phase one" deal cannot disguise that the world's most important relationship is at a perilous junction 
These Uighur children are fighting for their education after their parents disappeared in China's crackdown on the Muslim minority. 
”3” more days before the Made in China Model ”3” mass delivery in Tesla Shanghai Gigafactory “3” “3” is a very lucky number for Chinese has a meaning of : new born, life & healthy. 
For ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ “red lines are real, and his threats are backed up. He’s renounced the appeasement policies of the Obama years and has clearly identified China as the great  for the next many decades. He’s rebuilt the military.”  …
I loved in China, this happened every time, even when I had braids, I got tired of smacking and started to educate
Although #HongKong is small and #China is large, #HongKongProtesters can now win. #XiJinping is obviously determined not to listen and so will make many  …
Sunset in mountain of #China Hunan 
This appointment is another symptom of #XiJinping's hardheadedness. #HongKong will suffer, but so will #China.  …
Government Artificial Intelligence Readiness Index 2019: Rank: 1.Singapore 2.U.K 3.Germany 4.U.S 5.Finland 6.Sweden 7.Canada 8.France 9.Denmark 10.Japan 17. India 20. China 84. Pakistan (Oxford Insights)
Instead of removing their top envoy to HK, China should be working to ensure democracy, freedom and human rights in HK for generations  #HongKong @FreedomHKG @hk_watch @Stand_with_HK @BeWaterHKG @Fight4HongKong @SolomonYue #HKprotests #HK  …
Pakistan has imported 400,000 polio markers from India. They had cancelled an earlier order to China as the Chinese product was...well...China ka maal. We wish Pakistanis good health and happiness. @OfficialDGISPR please tweet about  …
I can sort of get how you defend China but even my the most ML standards Russia hasn’t been socialist since Stalin(I don’t think Russia was ever socialist by I digress) like their is no point.
Meat Loaf is a brave man, saying what the rest of us are thinking! Myself I’ve heard some for of the claim that all of us will die in 10-12 yrs for 60 yrs! Behold across the world we’re still here, getting better about keeping our environment cleaner! Now someone tell Iran,China!
China appears to have been destroying traditional Uyghur cemeteries for several years as part of what critics describe as a broader, coordinated campaign to control Islamic beliefs and Muslim minority groups within its borders.  
Dear @JYPETWICE: Good evening, we are the fan website of Tzuyu Chou from China- Baidu Tzuyu bar. Firstly, we are very thankful that you have give her the opportunity to make the public appearance and let her grow up, bring her to us and let us protect her. 
hendery entered SM probably about 2,5 years to 3 years, in the middle of it he went back to China for several months, the total of training duration is 2,5 ~ 3 years. he was casted in Beijing. at that time he studied there and got casted when he went to shop~ 
When China and Iran see eachother after hacking the North American power grid 
Economic war is an important aspect we win SO MUCH against China! We must #BoycottChina, and  …
Destabilisation & re-occupation of parts of #Iraq is US’ immediate objective. 1. Use Iraq to encircle & launch US wars of aggression on Iran 2. Iraq oil & strategic position r important to US corporate interests. No other state is allowed  Scupper Iraq deal with #China
#Indonesia #China Conflict thread: #Indonesia Steps Up Sea Patrols to Monitor #China Fishing Boats Military sends ships & aircraft to intensify Natuna Sea patrol Jakarta ‘will never acknowledge’ China’s nine-dash line claim  …
thinking about hot guys >>>>> thinking about reddit ass "i freaking love science!!!" stuff and "CHINA BAD". can't spell "women" without "w"!!!!  …
#BREAKING China urges US 'not to abuse force': foreign minister 
[preview] 200104 icn to chengdu china for #timeline fansign #이특 #leeteuk #利特 #イトゥク 
Israel is currently prosecuting their own PRIME MINISTERS for corruption. South Korea jailed their President. China has jailed over 100,000 people for corruption. USA is currently impeaching their president for corruption. But yours truly! 
China's population is missing 60m women—partly as a result of the country's one-child policy. The gender imbalance is bending the country's society and economy out of shape  
Amazing coordination skills and great teamwork! Students in East China work together to form a giant jump rope. 
We should find "common ground" with evil? #China  …
I’ll be analysing India’s geopolitical priorities in 2020 wrt US, China & Pak plus the impact of #CAA_NRC on our global relationships. On #MaroofRaza’s show #Lattitude on @TimesNow at 9.30 am tomorrow.
#China has destroyed more than 100 #Uighur Muslim graveyards, satellite images show “Authorities in Beijing and Urumqi don’t seem content tormenting Turkic Muslims alive – it appears their hostility to  also extends to the dead."  …
There can be no "common ground" with tyrants. #China  …
Fuck #China.
#China told #Iran that The #US should stop abusing the use of force and seek solutions via dialog, after the #Baghdad air strike that killed  …
Buy one less Made in China a day, don’t buy at all once a week. Everyone can do it. Made in Concentration Camps, DON’T FORGET! #BoycottChina #Chinazi #FreeUyghur  …
China announced a new top liaison official for Hong Kong, replacing the former director amid months of protests in the financial hub 
When you hit China, stop digging.  …
While it is very important to highlight the persecution of Muslims in India and elsewhere - e.g. China - it'd be great to have you - our PM - pay more attention to Pakistan's issues & focus on the strengthening of the economy. Pakistanis would love to hear from you about Pakistan  …
“basically NCT has 21 members in total maybe they will add more so NCT 127 is like the most active one and permanent, NCT U different members that fit in concepts while NCT dream is for teenagers and Way V is a sub unit based on china bla bla 
Shall we call it a tell? China’s President Xi announces an anti-corruption crackdown and revenue growth of Macau casino’s collapses. 
France discusses Middle East tensions with Germany and China 
China EV exports will finish 2019 up around 80%. Still small but growing fast. Watch for a lot more of this in 2020/21.  …
India, China, and Pakistan are 3 countries perfect example of these three wars. India ..Dharma, China..lobha (usurping bounderies)& Pakistan..Asura ( Gazva-a-Hind). However, same war is also going on inside the human mind, depending upon sanskar by birth and family virtues.
Our starting XI against America and his allies in WWIII: Russia Japan Germany China Pakistan Italy Belgium Egypt Turkey North Korea Iran Easy win in my opinion.
Another reason why we should NOT have anything to do with China ..Iran uses China bank to transfer funds to  - report - Reuters  via @nuzzel
Tic tock has been banned for national secruity risk If u got it get rid of it Patriots Tic tock is tied to china
Ans to some replies 1-That price  down over time - Penetration of ICE started with low priced Maruti 2-Get away from oil to save forex & also it’s uncertainties - Lithium & batteries that too from China will be new oil. $$goes out & single point source. Not a good scene
Yannick Carrasco wants to return to Europe from China and is willing to halve his wages to make it happen. Everton are one of the 'interested' parties.
Wang Yi said #China will take an objective and fair stance, and play a constructive role in maintaining peace and security in the Middle East.  …
Great news for nature! China just introduced a fishing ban in the Yangtze River basin. It will be observed in 332 conservation areas from this week and expanded to all natural waterways of the river and its major tributaries from 2021.  
*GLOBAL ALERT: OUTBREAK IN #CHINA* Like #SARS, new viral #PNEUMONIA  from WILD ANIMALS - rabbits, ducks - sold FRESHLY-KILLED/FROZEN in & around seafood market in #Wuhan, #China. Market operated under extremely #UNHYGIENIC conditions: cut fish laid on 
The rest of the world is investing in High Speed Rail - such as this 108 mile newly opened railway in China. HS2 will ensure the UK secures its place a global economic leader and help rebalance the economy with the Midlands and North.  …
donghae today: i'm going to china, for the first time in 5 years. so excited. going to china. yes to china. i'm going to china!!! some members are going to china to. we're going to china. china wait for us  china!!! can't wait!!! going to china!!!! so cute
the yelling of the armys when Jimin's advertisement came out on the scene. #JIMIN @BTS_twt @JIMINBAR_CHINA  …
TRUMP 2020 #374 @heath_china @MilsapJim @garyrextanner @SealeyGerald @yellowribbon2 @JetGuy8 @Silentwoo @twnkltwinkle @fatima_italia @sweets10111 @16Rubytuesday7 @trevor78731569 @Ixthos @LilDuck76 @pattiecameron12 @hoofbt @700uspr @lifeliberty2012 
200104 Donghae’s IG story update: going to China. My heart is in the midst of racing because I’m going there after 5 years 
Concern is growing in the Muslim world, even Bahrain: Council of Representatives protests China's "detention of more than one million Muslims..., the removal of their children, wives & families, their prevention of prayer, worship & religious practices."  
MOOTS HEAR ME OUT A WANGXIAN AU EXCEPT IT’S A MODERN SETTING AND IT’S BASICALLY CRAZY RICH ASIANS DJSNSN with wwx and lwj meeting in america or sumn and start dating and lwj brings wwx back to china cue lan qiren being a disapproving boomer
Donghae said Leeteuk looks so handsome/pretty today. Leeteuk said because it's been a long time since they went to China do he did prepare himself a bit for today's look That's why he looks so super handsome today #Donghae #Leeteuk #이특 #SuperJunior 
China announced a new top liaison official for Hong Kong, replacing the former director amid months of protests in the financial hub 
Tucker: If only we cared as much about Americans dying when China & Mexico flood the country with narcotics that kill tens of thousands of Americans every year. No one in power cares about that. 
Mozambique has announced that it is shifting from the former satellite system to a new one provided by China, which will allow for more accurate predictions on weather forecast, climate change and potential natural disasters  
It is with great pleasure that @Bitcoinassn is sponsoring the first #BSV #Bootcamp for developers in #China. @wallet_dot #DotCamp starts today! #Bitcoin #BitcoinSV : For more information  
Thought he would be cheaper since he's made in china tbh
UPDATE: China replaces top envoy to Hong Kong: state media 
Candy Cane has been contacted by a rescuer in China just outside Beijing about 13 #greyhounds that have been loaded onto a #meattruck to be sent to slaughter. Negotiations are underway to save them. Once saved they will need vet care , food , boarding so any donation be great 
How’s this take: Chinese New Year has “nothing to do with China”  …
[] Jimin ads was shown on the big screen inside the Golden Disk Award venue Hopefully Jimin will see it tomorrow #JIMIN #방탄소년단지민 #지민 @jiminbar_china @bts_twt 
Incheon Airport. Off to China [News video] 
Hong Kong protests: China sacks top envoy after months of unrest 
Make a wish! A photographer captured stunning star trails over Korla City, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. 
Jimin’s beautiful ad. Thank you so much, Queen @JIMINBAR_CHINA! Hopefully, Jimin will see this. He will be grateful, for sure. 
China exports more to the EU27 than the UK does. And China does not have a free trade deal with the EU. In fact, none of the top three exporters to the EU — China, US, Russia — have free trade agreements with it. Nor do India, UAE, Brazil or Australia: all big exporters to the EU
Amazing! Aerial view of colorful Dagu Glacier in Sichuan, China 
the jimin ad that made the audience FERAL @JIMINBAR_CHINA 
#ChiNazi is when — Chinese @Olympics Ski Team REQUESTED #Norway public library to “remove” #China-censored books as their training camp is nearby. “We have #FreedomOfSpeech in #Norway,” said library manager Anne Marken. #BoycottBeijing2022 #China  …
EU will implement more systematic #reciprocity policy and continue attributing more emphasis to #human rights. #CCP pressure against individual member states like Sweden will #damage China's image and its interests. #Beijing better start #rethinking.
"Can China and the EU put aside their differences and  ground?" This headline gets it all #wrong! EU has stopped pretending that it makes sense for us to "put aside differences". We're going to pursue #EU #values and #interests in a  …
#China's Dictator #XiJinping's family 'has wealth of hundreds of millions' The family of the Dictator has amassed a fortune running into hundreds of millions of pounds, according to a hugely damaging report. Via  …
[UPDATE] 200104 — Lisa is currently trending at #1 on Weibo China. #LISA #리사 #BLACKPINK #블랙핑크 
Next on Iran War... This one still puzzles me. I can't think of a Putin angle that somehow 'favors' a USA war with Iran. Iran is Putin's ally and one of his longest-term projects, that has born good results for the Kremlin. Right now they have naval drills together (with China)
China's ability to borrow from the World Bank strikes some Americans as anomalous, even scandalous 
The amount of animals that’ve died, so far, in the #AustralianBushfires is ~36% of the population of China. Half a billion. That’s over a third of the most populous country on earth. Wildlife. Livestock. Gone. #AustraliaBurns #AustraliaBurning #AustralianBushfire
Trump is better at "panda diplomacy" that China's Xi and he's better and at being "dangerous and unpredictable" than Iran's Ayatollah's. He mirrors his enemies and does what they do better. He beats them at their own game.
one of the biggest boy groups from china. their popularity is insane locally and globally. everyone on stan twt knows them but sadly 271 never realized how much profit these peeps will bring if they gave them an actual promotion  …
Just about to fly to China for the first time. I’m REALLY excited. This will be my last social media post for a while as a Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and many more are all blocked there! See you at…  …
China has removed head of the #HongKong Liaison Office, Wang Zhimin, according to Xinhui News Agency. Beijing’s top official in the city will be replaced with Luo 
Trump - let’s bully a Middle Eastern country so I can look strong. They can’t beat us, what’s the risk. Here’s the risk... China, Russia and Iran begin joint naval drills  …
#ChinaBuzz Chinese netizens have been discussing their plans on a rare day this year – 2020/02/02 – a day of "symmetry" in China's date format. The "20" is also homophonic with "love you" in Chinese. Many people plan to get married on this special day. 
lisa trending in china while performing in japan a legend  …
jimin got a TV AD by @JIMINBAR_CHINA ?? 
A "tree king"! Aerial view of a 1,200-year-old ginkgo tree in China's Shanghai 
Lisa is trending on Weibo at #1 because of her photoshoot for Nylon China!  … #BLACKPINK #LISA #LALISA 
Wasn't Trump pulling our troops back from the Syrian border supposed to cause a Kurdish genocide? Wasn't Trump recognizing Jerusalem as the Capital of Israel supposed to start WW3? Wasn't Trump's trade war with China supposed to kill jobs and create 20% inflation?
100% of The #American wars since the past 24 years have been funded by borrowed money $21+ Trillion in National American Debt And 36% of the money is lent to U.S. by the Middle East, Asia & China And the countries America threatens & attacks the most are in M.E & Asia. MORONS
How stable is the bullet train with the speed of 300km per hour? Seeing is believing. Do it yourself next time! China has built 35000km of high speed rail in 10 years. 
China has taken a foreign technology, indigenised it and scaled it up massively 
Breaking:China confirmed to remove its Hong Kong liaison office director Wang Zhimin. Confirmed our story few weeks ago. 
Lisa is performing in Japan but she trending in China. Oh Yas! #LALISA京セラドーム_D1 #ラリサ京セラドーム_D1 #リサ #ラリサ
#LISA IS TRENDING NO.1 ON WEIBO FOR HER PHOTOSHOOT IN NYLON CHINA She is the FIRST KPOP IDOL to reach the 1st spot on trending Weibo in 2020 #LALISA京セラドーム_D1 #ラリサ京セラドーム_D1 #リサ #ラリサ 
Why do we have to keep sourcing our information from overseas new agencies to get the real stories - this is not China or Russia! Why doesn’t the Australian media report the “truth”.  …
Dear @joshuawongcf , thank you for signing our petition: we need fearless leaders like you to push superpowers like #China to take up responsibility and fight the global #ClimateEmergency . #HongKongProtests #NSWfires #AustraliaOnFire  …
“Throughout most of the world the disparity between donor numbers and patient numbers leads to long waiting lists, but in China it is possible to get a heart transplant within a matter of days”  …
BIG BROTHER’S WATCHING — #Beijing Daxing Airport, from airport train to check-in, all you need is FACIAL RECOGNITION! In 2022 @Olympics, millions #tourists will give DATA to #China. Say goodbye to #Privacy. @SolomonYue 
A homegrown electric ship has conducted a trial operation in Wuhan on the Yangtze, China's longest waterway 
Trump also faced down China on trade and now China is signing trade deals WE wrote.  …
Eamonn McCann rejoices in abortion claiming it's the single greatest blow for equality. But many societies have had easy access to abortion - USSR, Japan, Hoxha's Albania, China - where women were far from equal. Geishas flourished, women street-sweepers..
recurring US policy weakness, most obvious in Trump, is a failure to grasp tenacious legacy power & pride of ancient civilisations like Iran & China which were “winning wars” ( and losing them) when hunter-gatherers & buffalos ruled North America (which was until very recently) 
Tensions have escalated steeply in the Gulf after the Trump administration killed Iran’s  Qasem Soleimani in an airstrike this morning in Iraq. #worldwar3 can be started right from here as Russia and China are standing with Iran. Let’s all pray for peace.
China  its own atrocities on Uighurs, and India (which abstained) on Kashmiris and Indian Muslims and Russia is helping Bashar kill Muslims in Syria. They all voted in line with their own actions against Muslims.  …
#WWIII China:*supports Iran and its allies on WWIII India and others countries near China 
A "swan lake." A record number of swans have been spotted at a wetland park in China's Xinjiang, thanks to efforts made by the local government to convert farmland to natural habitat 
5) Muslims are still being put in concentration camps in China  …
China stands out for the sheer scale of its efforts, but industrial policy is hard to get right 
This is how China's DF-26 conventional and nuclear ballistic missile is launched: video footage of the missile launch was revealed in a latest documentary. 
Off to Indo-China border: Kibithoo 
@BRI_SL handed over a proposal to Mr.Lou Chong, Spokesperson/Chief of Political Section, Chinese Embassy to raise awareness about BRI projects in Sri Lanka.Thank you @zlj517 Deputy Director General,Information Dept, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, China for facilitating our meeting. 
The outbreak of #pneumonia in Wuhan, China spurs fever checks from Singapore to Taiwan. As of Friday, 44 people have been diagnosed with pneumonia, the cause of which is unknown.  
China: infectious disease treatment area of the hospital is being renovated... From outside looking in 
China's Dictator Xi Jinping's family 'has wealth of hundreds of millions'. The family of the Dictator has amassed a fortune running into hundreds of millions of pounds, according to a hugely damaging report.  …
DotCamp for #BSV During Coffee break! We are in Fuzhou @BitcoinAssn @wallet_dot Seems like... We do need more girls in BSV China society 
Luxury brand Louis Vuitton to shut store amid Hong Kong protests – report  … #HongKong #China #antielab #antiELABhk #HongKongProtests
Russia, China and even Britain have condemned the assassination of General Qasim Sulaimani How can we condemn us more than humans like dollars and Saudi rials And this is what Amrican’s thinking about their president. 
"The Opium War... remains a foundational trauma in China’s political and national consciousness & continues to represent the start of the Chinese people’s struggle to stand up as a strong modern nation." Julia Lovell FBA's @five_books on the Opium  …
Exporting Nuclear power plants and high speed trains are strategic priorities for the Belt and Road Initiative as China seeks to diversify her export industry and move up the value chain. Remember when “Made in China” was a reason not to buy something? Not much longer...  …
What makes China's dominance in diving? "Wow" will definitely be your first word after watching the video. 
“the value of Japanese-backed projects in Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam was US$367 billion in June, while China-funded schemes in the same countries were worth US$255 billion.”  …
Only nine governments voted against a UN General Assembly resolution to protect Rohingya Muslims from the Myanmar army's atrocities: Belarus, Cambodia, China, Laos, Myanmar, Philippines, Russia, Vietnam and Zimbabwe. 
200104 | Info BTS has won the following awards at the KpopStarz 2019 in China! • Korean International Song: Boy With Luv • The most influential Korean global male group: BTS • Korean Best International Artist: Jungkook • Best Global Talented Member: Jungkook -SH 
The HSBC headquarters lion statues - Stephen and Stitt - have been removed for maintenance after protesters vandalised them on Wednesday. Photo: Kevin Cheng/United Social Press. #HongKong #China #antielab #antiELABhk #HongKongProtests 
Indonesian Maritime and Investment Coordinating Minister Luhut asks everyone not to make a big deal about China’s maritime incursion in Natuna waters or else it can have a negative impact on investment.  …
I have never known any foreign minister in the world to tell as many outright lies as Mike Pompeo. That also includes China. There is no other on earth who builds their foreign policy line around grotesque levels of deception and misinformation in the way he does. He is appalling
#मोदी_एंटीनेशनल_हैं #मोदी_एंटीनेशनल_हैं China is happy in India they have Modi & US they got Trump 
Even though China doesn't get involved in #WorldWarThree. This is enough. 
[] Jimin’s ads by @jiminbar_china is shown on JTBC Event: The Golden Disk Awards Day 1 & Day 2 Date : January 4th & 5th, 2020 Frequency: 15s/time ; 3times/day #JIMIN #방탄소년단지민 #지민 
Hushan Great Wall (the eastern end of the Ming Great Wall). Dandong, China, Silk Road.  … #silkroad 
Thousands of education workers gathered in Central on Friday night for a rally hosted by the pro-democracy Hong Kong Professional Teachers' Union #HongKong #China #antielab #antiELABhk #HongKongProtests Photo: Kevin 
Our Jimin TV AD Support is ready @BTS_twt #JIMIN #지민 #ジミン 
Can Russians now take out Canadian, UK or Polish top Spooks or Military Generals that were and are planning to hurt Russia? Given that ACTUAL REAL prove will be provided? Same with China.
One of the richest woman in China was born in extreme poverty in a remote mountain village. She got her wealth by selling her chili sauce, Lao gan ma, which she originally made for her noodle stand.  founded in 1996 was valued at 3.7 billion yuan($600 million) in 2013 
China never mastered  engines. Electric cars will be different 
A – Canada AB – Saudi Arabia, UAE, Qatar, Jordan, Egypt B – UK and Ireland BG – Bulgaria BR – Brazil BT – UK BZ – Brazil C – Canada CH – China CI – Paraguay CM – Hungary, Croatia CR – Croatia CS – Slovakia, the Czech Republic CN – Slovakia
Tesla Model 3 Sales = ~4× Nissan LEAF Sales, World’s 2nd Best Selling EV Outside Of China — November EV Sales Report  
What makes me extremely bullish on #Vechain in 2020? 1) Scheduled confirmations like 900K wallets, San Marino, Foodgates, .. 2) projects that could go live: BMW, ENN, PICC, DHL, DB Schenker, Logsafer, Haier, BYD, China  .. 3) NEW partner announcements $VET $BTC 1/4
It is natural for India to be concerned about protecting its strategic interests, given Dehli's relationships with both Iran and the U.S., but India should also be wary because the present regime in Tehran sees its future tied to China. 
CREEPY IN U.S. &amp; CHINA LIKE! Universities TRACKING STUDENTS Grades DEPEND on POINTS Students feel POWERLESS SCARED to not go to class WORRIED about ALL activities LIMITING SELF-DEVELOPMENT GETTING USE TO BEING CONTROLLED! What? Mental Health-EVALUATED  …
"...my hope is that we can keep on doing more of what we're already doing for the welfare of cats and dogs!" - Suki Deng, China Cat and Dog Welfare Director #AnimalsAsia #KindnessInAction #Cats #Dogs #China #NewYear 
Ten stories that broadened our knowledge of China in 2019.  …
The US was the overwhelming choice (24%) for the country that represents the greatest threat to peace in the world. Followed by Pakistan (8%), China (6%), North Korea, Israel & Iran (5%).
As I have argued, China wants economic control of Afghanistan as it has de facto control of Pakistan. Beijing's deal with the Taliban and Pakistan's support of the Taliban is meant to exclude western influence, expand the Belt and Road and isolate India. 
Based on Weidmann‘s (Germany‘s Central Bank) interview, we can assume that 1) he does/did not understand #blockchain, DLT and CBDC and that 2) China is some 2-4 years ahead of us.  …
Today #GoodNewwz Will  AK's Highest Grosser Overseas Movie & Most Will Cross 225Cr WW Marks And @akshaykumar's Year's WW Collection Will Hit 1K Crore PS ~ Without China  …
China "2019 Kpop Starz Awards" announced their winner. WJSN bring home "2019 Worldwide Most Influential Korean Group (female)". Other winner for this category are Blackpink and Mamamoo. Also BTS, Super Junior and EXO (male). Congratulations 
Police in Southwest China's Yunnan province have captured five suspects and seized 66.27 kg of drugs in two recent drug trafficking cases.
There have been massive lay-offs in #China lately, and businesses have closed down, but these have largely been unreported in the media, writes Justice  …
Come on Britain and get some of that Aid out to Australia. We are quick enough sending it to China and India for bloody Space Projects. Get it to our Australian Cousins who are dieing and losing their homes. Plus all the Wildlife thst are being destroyed. Its a Catastrophe.
Not a day without a threat or bully-like behaviour from GT, Chinese ambassadors, foreign ministry spokespersons. This time  are told that their business opportunities in China depend on how their governments behave vis a vis China.  …
#India is amping up its maritime naval reconnaissance patrols over the #arabiansea, multiple Poseidon-8i's & vessels have been moving out to monitor the area as #Beijing sends a diverse fleet for the #China- #Pakistan naval drill expected January 
Factbox: Key facts on Taiwan-China relations ahead of Taiwan elections  
#WWIII China:*supports Iran and its allies on WWIII Philippines and countries near China: 
Mekong water levels to drop as #China conducts equipment tests Mekong water is at a 60 year low because of dams in #China & #Laos that totally disregards the countries downstream & now on top of that, China will drop water levels to half  …
International Relations Minister Naledi Pandor is calling for restraint from both sides. France, Russia, and China are condemning the attack. #Trump #Iran #America #ThisWeekend Courtesy 
Do you wish to  an importer? A grounded mini importation guru?? Kindly click on the link below to learn how to import goods from china and sell at affordable rate Secure your future with mini importation  
*GLOBAL ALERT: OUTBREAK IN #CHINA* Without revealing all info, how can Wuhan officials to claim the new viral pneumonia is not h2h transmissible? Some of the Wuhan patients are reported to be vendors of food market. If it’s not transmittable, how do other patients get infected?  …
The reason people think China's Belt and Road Initiative is "imperialism" is because the US spread that narrative when they realized China was forming financial & political alliances among global south countries  US finance capitalism & sanctions  …
“Wang’s story is indicative of how quickly personal wealth can disappear in China, where growth is increasingly built on debt”... you don’t say...  …
China has entered the new era of surveillance state which is not aiming at security but censorship, oppression and persecution. Now is the time to stay away from this evil nation. 
What is going on in the world? Australia is on fire, USA is planning for war, China has a mysterious illness that is taking people's lives, another attack in Paris & South Africa is in a manhunt for the Melville shooters. That’s just the news headline for today. Heartbreaking.
China’s aggression is to destroy Hong Kong’s autonomy, freedoms, justice and human rights as a stepping stone to expand its totalitarianism to the free world. It’s now time for Hong Kong  to an end if the world doesn’t stand up against China. 
Iran got Russia and China. We got lambdas..  …
China, Shandong, ca 1900. Chinese beauty holding a tobacco pipe in her hand. More pictures:  
[TRANS] FNC's 2020 Plans -YongHwa activities such as Japan,Asia tour&album -AOA to lay foundation as a 'long-run idol' to further solidify their identity as 5. -N. Flying aims to grow domestically&internationally by responding to love calls esp frm China #AOA #엔플라잉 
B)Pollution In China Can Change The Weather In The United States #InnovatingGoodness #TriviaDay @DaikinIndia Join @karan875 @snow_man_14 @Aka5hKr @avii4ever @itsme_rooh @Racer_Veb @sanketdhende @wasimkh00 @mysterioussu @imPalak18 @am_vaishali @zeny_9 @Aniketw1551 @sreevijaya23
Snow mushrooms... snow cakes... Join us for a visit to China's "Snow Town," a popular tourist attraction in Heilongjiang, where snow is turned into fortune  …
Alarms raised in China as pneumonia outbreak infects dozens  
3. Yixing's kids: - Hardworking as their father. Rest doesn't exist in their diary - China's junior sheep - Ofcourse MJ's son's son - Will often gets offended by their dad because he always put them in weird outfits #Yixing 
In the next few years, Zimbabwe will improve again. This will be due to their new colonizers - CHINA - taking more control over more state resources. The new farm owners & food providers will be Chinese. In 25 years, there will be more Chinese living in Zimbabwe than Blacks.
China's $45 trillion financial market is opening up. Here's what to watch for in 2020 
I love the idea of LCK teams going to China to train Korea always ends up creating its own suboptimal meta and scrimming  early should help remedy that  …
[ #LisaGOmedia] → South China Morning Post wrote an article on the recent situation with  made about #LISA by the owner of MQQN Cafe & his followers. @ygent_official  … #lalisa #blackpink #리사 #블랙핑크 #リサ #ラリサ #ลิซ่า 
“Now do China” EXACTLY. Well said, Mark. AND, time to hand @abcnews to the staff - free of charge. See how long it lasts.   …
China has 116m diabetics, by far the highest number of any country 
“The Middle East is not among China’s diplomatic priorities, and China has a policy of not interfering [in other countries’ affairs],” Hua said. “So [Beijing] will call on both sides to be restrained and avoid a military conflict.”  … via @scmpnews
China's Sanya bans inappropriate live streaming behaviors  …
UK PORK EXPORTS: In the first 10 months of 2019, total UK pigmeat exports were up 10% on 2018. Fresh pork exports to China, at 63,250 tonnes, doubled year-on-year. EU exports were down 6% to 109,000 tonnes, reflecting product being redirected to China.  …
. @NikkiHaley told @GlennBeck in an exclusive interview that "having the backs of the people of Hong Kong" is vitally important. "We have to be on their side because if Hong Kong falls, Taiwan is next and this is all part of China's grand plan." Watch:  
Chen Guoqiang, former vice governor of China's Shaanxi has been expelled from the CPC and dismissed from public office over serious violations of Party discipline and laws: top anti-graft body. Zhao Zhengyong, former Party chief of Shaanxi was also expelled from the Party on Sat 
Indian Ultra liberals & their likes tightly zipped when.. Pakistan kills Shias & Ahmedis en masse. China crushes Uighur Muslims. Bangladesh denies entry to Rohingyas. Malaysia chokes Minority Tamils. IS enslaves Yazidis & bombs Churches. But lament when US farts in Iran...
Indonesia Steps Up South China Sea Patrols After Chinese 'Trespassing'  …
Were so far behind from China . . even our gyms make us look like were stuck in the past . . . 
Russia, China, Iran, Iraq, Britain, the US and Trump all seeing World War 3 and each other on the trending page: #WWIII #WorldWarIII 
This week’s Inside the Ring column: Countering the EMP threat now in law; China’s new carrier—for show?; Prague cuts sister city tie to Beijing  …
Who else called this man "Jik china" growing up? 
“We lost a lot. We lost freedom in Hong Kong. We lost freedom in  ex-Cathay Dragon crew member Mixe Lee tells Varsity. “I became the collateral damage crushed by the large wheel of politics.”  … @cathaypacific #HongKong #China #antielab #aviation
#LISA x nylon china #LALISA #BLACKPINK 
OP congratulated Seoho because it's rat year in korea/china right now and seoho was born in rat year but seoho misheard it as GTA Then Hwanwoong went noona you play GTA?! 
#China has extensive capacity to respond to public health events and is responding proactively & rapidly to the current incident in Wuhan – isolating patients, tracing close contacts, cleaning up the market, and searching for the cause and for additional cases. 3/3
Smart #Education board in #China via @evankirstel #IoT #EdTech #Innovation MT @FrRonconi @alvinfoo @TopCyberNews @mvollmer1 @Julez_Norton @YuHelenYu @KaiGrunwitz @HaroldSinnott @Fabriziobustama  @ArkangelScrap @robvank 
There should be questions about this put to the government of #Australia regarding these cases. For exactly what purpose are travellers in Australia being asked about #HongKong and protests? #China  …
We’re closely monitoring the situation in Wuhan & are in  with our counterparts in China. We’ve activated our incident management system across the 3 levels of @WHO (country office, regional office, HQ) & can launch a broader response, if needed. 2/3
#China has reported to WHO regarding a cluster of pneumonia cases in Wuhan, Hubei Province.The Govt has also met with our country office,and updated @WHO on the situation. Govt actions to control the incident have been instituted and investigations into the cause are ongoing. 
Iran, Russia, China and North Korea FaceTiming eachother talking about how they’re about to fuck up the US #WorldWarThree 
Indian Actors Who have Grossed Record *1000 CRORE WORLDWIDE* In a Single Calendar Year With 1st Phase Release i.e. Without china and With China Too : 1. #SalmanKhan - 2015 [1st Indian Actor] #BB (626Cr WW) #PRDP(388Cr WW) Total - 1014Cr WW Total With China - 1318Cr WW. . 
oh look, a clown that believes Malaysian Chinese belongs to Mainland China is the "go back to your country" narrative still relevant in 2020 ???  …
The Hong Kong government has produced a new rap song lamenting the recent protests. "See the Clear Picture" urges young people to obey the law, stop blocking transport and reject violence. #HongKong #China #antielab #antiELABhk 
Florida’s Space Coast was the departure point for 16 orbital rocket launches in 2019, more than any other spaceport on Earth last year. The Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan & China’s Xichang space base each hosted 13 orbital launches in 2019. FULL STORY:  
Iran Joins Forces With Russia And China To Send A Strong Message To The U.S China, Russia and Iran begin joint naval drills #OneVoice1  …
For holding the 2022 Winter Olympics, China specially built the Beijing-Zhangjiakou high-speed railway with 350 kilometers per hour, which was oficially opened a week ago @Beijing2022 @KlatuBaradaNiko @SaveATrain @elangeorgemusic @Havenlust @myall3000 @BerryYNWA 
The majority of the passengers were from China and included various nationalities such as French, Australian, Americans and more.
Flight MH370 was an international passenger flight that mysteriously disappeared on March 8, 2014. Its origin was Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia and destination was Beijing, China. The plane carried 239 passengers and was a Boeing 777 aircraft. 
#GOT7 plans in 2020 - Fan Meeting - Asia Tour - Encore Concert - 2 Comebacks - (Mark) Solo FM - (Jinyoung) Drama & Movie - Jackson Solo Activities - Bambam Solo Activities - JB Solo Debut - Youngjae Solo Debut - Yugyeom Solo FM - Japanese Album - Korea, China & Thailand schedules
The killing of Soleimani has stirred some interesting debate in Chinese cyberspace. Some point fingers at the U.S. and wish for a Middle East conflict that would again leave China alone to develop... Others ponder the implications of precision targeting at generals...
Census: China Sending More Immigrants to U.S. than Any Other Country  via @BreitbartNews @JxhnBinder
VIPS Memo to POTUS: "What your advisers may have avoided telling you is that Iran has not been isolated. Quite the contrary. One short week ago, Iran launched its 1st joint naval exercises with Russia & China in the Gulf of Oman.”  …
China is now the second largest contributor to the UN, after America 
Hey before we’re nuked by China, Russia and Iran, just wanted to say I miss us. It’s been a long time but to me it feels like barely yesterday. Hope you’re doing well. Ima have your picture under my helmet if that means anything to you. Anyways bout to be deployed, take care 
China's Uighur Crackdown 'The Holocaust Did Not Take Place in One Day' Interview of  …
renjun jaemin and jisung all had seperate broadcasts for the huya live and renjuns channel had 1,850,000+ viewers an hour in..... his china fanbase is no joke
Live and learn at #Peking University! The #Peking University Health Science Center (PKUHSC), a public health think tank, contributes to building medical research capability and supports healthcare reform in #China.  
Bhutan is a small country sandwiched between two giants India n China. Bhutan is India's most dependable Friend. It has great security significance for India. Watch, share n subscribe my video on Bhutan at my channel ISRG. 
JYPE Thailand, JYPE China and JYPE Japan are the three major branches of JYPE overall. They all have different staffing. China and Japan will each get groups this year/next year. JYPE has never mentioned wanting to make a Thai focused group. Why? they already have one. GOT7. 
Russia, China, Iran, and Iraq meeting each other on the trending page  …
What China is doing to Uygur's is as close to a modern day holocaust as anyone could imagine. They have imprisoned over 100,000 of them in "re-education" camps, destroyed grave sites and much more. The world seemingly is totally okay with this because of "muh cheap shit"
Arrests over protest fundraising are just part of Hong Kong’s criminalisation of political dissent  … #HongKong #China #antielab #antiELABhk #HongKongProtests
Russia & China join forces with IRAN, Were officially fucked. It was good while it lasted . Fuccc 
The idea of a supreme leader does not sit easy with India's diversity and democratic habits sharpened over 70 years, I write for @SCMPNews. Remaking the Indian state after China's image is one thing, but the people are another matter  …
JYPE China = Boy Story JYPE Korea = Stray Kids JYPE Thailand = GOT7 Again. This is just a guess but it would make sense for JYPE's whole 'global expansion' method of wanting groups based in each country. Just like they are making a Chinese Boy Band? They want groups everywhere.
Nice not-so-veiled threat. The Chinese regime is so clever. They think they know that the Canadian Gov’t will cave to their every demand. 2020 is a new decade, and it’s Canada’s, not China’s. Get ready for Canada together with other western countries to turn their back on China.
Just like JYPE China manages Boy Story? GOT7 could easily be moved to JYPE Thailand and we probably wouldn't even notice much of a serious change. Everything would stay the same but GOT7 would have more staff and possibly better management to help them.
1/3 Huanqiu, a CNmedia, just released a lengthy article on #YuzuruHanyu. Apart from praising him being the most influential winter athletes in China by a landslide, his ability to draw a crowd like no other, his achievements & speculating whether he would  in Beijing- 
China is being tested as the US pushes its maximum pressure campaign against Iran. Will Beijing drive an agenda to push back against Washington or will it be a bystander as in 2003?
China:  need to realize that their long-term ability to generate profits in the market hinges on their home countries’ political relations with China   …
Total Screens: #China - 70,000 #USA - 41,100 #India - 9,100
before Iran & China killllll us anyone wanna yanno ... 
#India has a Total of 9,100 Screens - 6,700 Single Screens and 2,400 Multiplex Screens.. Lowest Screen Density in the World.. (No. of Screens per Million Population) #USA - 126 #UK - 60 #Korea - 40 #China - 26 #India - 8
Me when i see WWIII, China, and Iraq trending all at once #WorldWarIII #China 
They guy Trump just offed lives in one of these countries. Concerned yet? Iran, Russia, and China are practicing joint naval exercises!  …
When Russia, China, Iran, and Iraq are the top 4 trending on Twitter 
In 2000, China had 38k millionaires and India had 34k. By 2019, China had 4.4M millionaires and India had 759k   …
China is the land of facial recognition. Understanding how it made this technology flourish is instructive The world’s two most valuable startups, Megvii and SenseTime, worth $4B and $7.5B respectively, are Chinese  specialising in the field. 
Remarkable declaration by a CPC mouthpiece that China isn’t a market economy, that foreign enterprises don’t have equality before law in China and that they will be discriminated against.  …
dear iran, nkor, and china, guam didnt do it, please leave us out of this :) - the CHamorus  …
I'm quoted along with @iirowen and @EastBelow in @thenation on China's attempt to use tourism as means to threaten and coerce Taiwan. Thank you @excinit for reaching  …
What I don’t hear are any of our allies speaking out that they support our decision to kill Soleimani. Trump has killed those relationships. I also don’t hear those he’s cozied up to supporting this decision. Russia, China and North Korea will side with Iran.
Crazy how Melissa Chan- a sitting member of a right-wing thinktank, mouthpiece for US imperialism, and advocate of the balkanization of China- has reply guys like this.  …
Same guy that bent the knee to China to benefit his own pockets. Real class @SteveKerr
Well, China, France, Germany, Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States agreed to the JCPOA. Pulling out has cost more lives and allowed Iran to restart their nuclear program and destabilized the region. A total failure by Trump, Bolton, Pompeo and Republicans.
US-China trade war has ironically forced China to change for the better. If this is Asian century, the new decade is China’s decade.  …
China would be a natural place to produce a "Tesla killer." Ironically, China may ultimately secure Tesla's bright future 
"I don't know where's my mom, where's my father, where's my brothers." As many as 1.5 million Uighurs and other Muslims have been detained in detention camps in China. Two Uighur refugees share what it's like to  separated and cut off from their family members: 
China has open support from Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Kuwait and others. But let's peddle the false narrative China is the threat to Muslims while your own country blows up the Middle East again.  …
Trump. Philippines. Manila. America. Australia. China. #WWIII. These tags are the top trends for me. The world is NOT okay.
"I want to go home but my dad went to China." this is too cute for my heart 
Chinese Beijing-Shanghai High Speed Railway Co Ltd, one of China’s most profitable rail lines, will issue 6.286 bln stocks through an IPO and raise funds of 30.63 bln yuan ($4.40 bln) at the Shanghai Stock Exchange on Jan 6, 2020, according to  statement. 
Kerr- supports China as long as it’s not hitting his pockets. Frowns when we take our terrorist leaders but it was cool when Obama did it.
More news: 5) 50 innocent fishermen were killed by Boko Haram in Nigeria 6) locusts plague in Russia 7) More than 50 people have contracted mystery respiratory illness in China 8) India is set for the third mission to the moon
140820 [STAFF DIARY] 敬请期待 ^^ (Please look forward ^^) "Jiangsu TV - 星厨驾到 (Star Chef Show) LAY's first dish, first broadcast today! Will be broadcasted at 10pm (China time, back in 2014) later, hope everyone will stay tune & watch on time! Support!" #LayZhang 
Worrying that China has arrested people for spreading concerns about a mysterious pneumonia outbreak, yet places medical staff under lockdown & quarantines 121 contacts. Is China trying to control both a potential new pathogen & public health  …
France, Russia, and China condemn the slaying of Soleimani as a destabilizing act: Britain and France urge de-escalation after US strike; Moscow blasts "adventurist step," and China appealed for restraint from all sides, “especially the United States.”  …
lisa and lucas have back to back nylon china issues now somebody get them in one shoot together 
Scott Morrison set to cancel key India trip over fires just as years of Oz diplo efforts pay off. His invitation to headline India’s flagship Raisina dialogue reflected key shift in India’s view: that both nations are grappling w China’s regional might  …
Sculptors take part in the 9th China Harbin International Ice-Assemblage Championship in Harbin, NE China's Heilongjiang province. 
MALAYSIA, under BRAVE MAHATHIR, now openly threatening ARBITRATION against CHINA in SOUTH CHINA SEA... saying NOT AFRAID of reprisals for asserting its SOVEREIGN rights and claims.  …
You can bet your bottom dollar these countries are now hesitant to threaten America: - North Korda - Russia - China - Iran - Any other country in Middle East or the world, for that matter.
“Friends, if you have been to Africa,you must have seen the colour & look of the people. You must have seen ppl in China, you can't even tell whether their eyes are open or closed. Same is the case with the Japanese” Shocking statements by Gujarat Speaker  …
One of the mainstream news outlets in China 环球网 posted an article reporting Yuzu being ranked as the the most influential winter sports athlete on Weibo, it also made   … 
The winner or our Iraq war was Iran. The likely winners of a war with Iran would be Russia and China.
What'll happen when Hong Kong loses its status as a semi-autonomous region in China in 2047? 
RUSSIA, Iran and China will today kick off a four-day joint military exercise in the Gulf of Oman and the Indian Ocean in a bid to bolster ties between the three countries’ navies.  …
The UN days we broke International Law.. We should totally listen to the United Nations the way that Iran, North Korea, Russia, Saudi Arabia, and China do... FFS... No one cares about the UN besides Michael Moore, Alyssa Milano, Keith Olbermann, and the Pope.. #Trump2020
Nanny Su gave him some fresh bamboos, and Bei happily took them outside. He searched for a place to settle in, and decided to go down the slope to the ditch.... A happy boy @houseofcubs #beibei @NationalZoo #China #Bifengxia #雅安碧峰峡基地 
The highest grossing Indian movie in #China in 2019 is @ayushmannk 's #Andhadhun It grossed $47.11 Million.. No.38 in the annual list.. No.2 is Late @SrideviBKapoor 's #MOM - It grossed $16.07 Million.. #Kaabil - $5.07 M #ThugsOfHindostan - $4.4 M #2Point0 - $1.84 M
Biggest change in thinking America is wrestling with is how to deal with bad people who want to do bad things? What do you negotiate with NK, Iran, or China about? The leaders of those countries stand in fundamental opposition and want to spread their oppression. What do you do?
A 50-year-old woman in Shandong, China has  popular online for drawing with charcoal 
Sea cucumbers are a prized aphrodisiac in China. But they're also important for reviving marine habitats. Here's why 
[INFO] 200104 #LuHan's new song, China Mainland platforms will be released on Jan 7th, 2020 for free. Oversea platforms will be released on Jan 10th, 2020 for free as well. For more information please wait for official announcement. Thank you #鹿晗
#China has nearly 70,000 Screens.. Nearly 10,000 screens were added in the last one year 2019.. 1.7 Billion Movie Tickets were sold in #China in 2019..
Statue of Jesus, Crosses Removed in State-Approved Churches Numerous religious symbols have been taken down in localities throughout China ahead of the central government’s religious work inspections.  …
Iran, Russia, China and North Korea FaceTiming eachother talking about how they’re about to fuck up the US #WorldWarThree 
You don’t say. “[B]eyond grabbing a larger part of the value chain for itself, controlling the production of chips would also give China indirect control over myriad other industries, from social networking to   …
This is the traditional method to treat the tyranny. #HKprotests #China_is_terrorist #5DemandsNot1Less 
Before the #HK question World should ask yourself if everyone keeps pleasing China what would happen in 2047: Do you want #Huawei surveillances everywhere? Do you want more #China controlled natural resources? Do you want more #China controlled infrastructures? Say NO. RESIST 
In a reprise of Soviet-era tactics, Chinese authorities forced this woman into a psychiatric facility after she splashed ink on a poster of China's Pres Xi Jinping in a live-streamed protest on social media.  
Indonesian stand off with China in North Natuna Sea is an ideal chance to see whether Indonesia's Chinese made CH-4B UAV is reliable against China. Whether China able to jammed its own made UAV or not. Unfortunately, Indonesia's CH-4B can't reach EEZ due to no BLOS capacity.
Bahrain’s lower house has issued a harsh statement criticizing China’s treatment of Uighur Muslims, the separation of children from parents in Xinjiang, and restrictions on Islam. This is a big deal. Is China finally losing the Gulf States?  …
I think “why is Trump getting us into another Middle East war to protect China’s oil” could be a useful slogan.  …
Some ppl question why is outsourcing related to S386? Bc the reason of India’s backlog is not their population. China’s population is larger and don’t have that long of a backlog. And not bc of the 7% cap. since India already take 20%. ICC/Outsourcing is the reason!
China is Consolidating all their  like Alibaba, Tencent, Bandu ... forming a MASSIVE Database for A.I. A.I. and Quantum Computing are CHINA next Hope in "Conquering" the WORLD after 5G. World must unite blocking CCP access to Super Computer Technology! #maga  …
Hey everyone! If you're wondering how people here link the US Wars to their financial crises (and how China is now imperialist by the same thread), this oldie (but still a goodie) unpublished guide by @JoseMariaSison is a great place to  …
Gen.G are going to bootcamp in Shanghai in order to prepare for the  2020 #LCK spring split. "Through our bootcamp in China, we will get the chance to exchange ideas with LPL teams, while solidifying our teamwork."  …
Those who think there will be a China-Iran axis against American-Israeli hegemony in the Middle East are mistaken. I wrote about how Saudi Arabia is China’s biggest ally in the Middle East, economically and militarily — not Iran.  …
#TerceraGuerraMundial, Trump, China, Rusia #WWIII, World War 
Here’s what we’ve learned about the victim of the deadly laptop theft. Shuo Zeng was supposed to host a NYE party that night. It was his 34th birthday. He loved hiking & photography. Born & raised in China. Went to Kansas State University. Worked in Emeryville. 
#China: Giant #Chinese #Paddlefish dubbed the 'Panda of the #YangtzeRiver' is declared #Extinct due to #Overfishing and #HabitatLoss. There were only 210 sightings between 1981 and 2003, when the last live specimen was  …
Red velvet jujube blanket: Jujube fruit dry under the sun along a road in the Gobi Desert in NW China’s Xinjiang Autonomous Region, covering the barren desert with a red velvet blanket. 
Alarms raised in China as pneumonia outbreak infects dozens  …
What a hypocrisy Every one including Russia & China calling Iran to be restrained but no one condemned the assassination of a top  #Soleimani of a sovereign country So unfair Shouldn’t #UNSC move to diffuse the situation
So how many of you saw CCTV's "impressive" footage of Shanghai's Drone Show on New Years Eve? BBC found out it was fake!!! Mindblowing even to people like me who has seen enough of the country's deceits. What else can't be fake in #China?  …
China Eastern debuts angled flat seats on narrowbody aircraft. B-7591, a Boeing 737-800, is the first to receive the product. Seats manufactured by AVIC Hubei Ali Jiatai. 
A crystal-clear world: check out the rime scenery in Bayannur, north China's Inner Mongolia 
Donald is aware Iran just had war games with Russia AND China correct? And with North Korea going full bore on creating a missile that could reach us I sure am glad that he has managed to piss off our allies. No wonder why Putin smiles every time he sees @realDonaldTrump.
Sunday is your last chance to see "The Allure of Matter: Material Art from China" before it closes on January 5. The exhibition features 21 of the most influential Chinese contemporary artists working today, highlighting experimentation with unconventional materials. 
“Bad actors take their cues from our reactions to other bad actors. A resolute response [from US] to one of them results in the others shrinking back into the shadows—and vice versa” @GordonGChang on how #Trump's strike on #Iran General impacts #China  …
I wish American administration understands the advice of Bernie Sanders. USA cannot survive very long if it continues destablize other regions & countries.During few decades 14 trillion dollars taxpayer money spend on wars by USA has given China opportunity to rise as superpower  …
Cases of mystery viral pneumonia jump to 44 in China  …
Do you think this will progress to a shooting war with Iran? Do you believe that such a progression will draw in other foreign countries, namely Russia or China on the side of Iran?
Well, Patriots...the democrats revealed, yet AGAIN, who they truly are. A corrupt herd of self-serving, unAmerican, anti- American, fools. By November 4th, the President will have defeated ISIS, FAKE NEWS MEDIA, ILLEGAL INVADERS, IRAN, NORTH KOREA, CHINA (trade), DEEP STATE,....
That said, we all need to be clear: NO nation-state exists on a moral high-ground. Certainly Iran doesn’t. But neither does the U.S. (especially since the invasion of Iraq) or Saudi Arabia or Israel or Russia or China any of the European nations.  …
Exclusive: Iran uses China bank to transfer funds to Quds-linked... 
China's statement would hold more weight if it had restraints on invading Southeast Asian territorial waters  …
The hate that American journalists have is a fashion statement. They hate America but love everything America has to offer. They wouldn't go live in China, for example. Or North Korea.
. @ygofficialblink’s #LISA looking gorgeous for Nylon China 2020. 
This will stop all of China’s pollution good job everybody  …
let the new fans watch mnl48's performance in asia festival 2019 in bangkok, thailand & shanghai, china! let show them what they've got
Even if China ends mass detentions Xinjiang, it will use subtler forms of repression 
SNOWY SCENERY: Visitors marveled at the wintry landscape as clouds swept over the Lushan Mountain in east China and the cold weather created rime on plants and trees.  
China involved , bitch we ain’t gon have no clothes
North Korea, China and Russia rn 
The United States can certainly win a war against Iran’s military. But it would cost us thousands of lives, trillions of dollars, leave us in yet another quagmire in the Middle East, and ensure that Russia and China inherit the Earth—if it somehow isn’t burnt to a crisp. Winning?
A Basketball Coach In China Walked Right Up To The Stands And Smacked A Heckler Who Yelled And Shoved His Wife  
Tiktok Transparency Report Government requests to remove content: China - 0 USA - 6  
China knows that America can still inflict terrible damage. But Beijing no longer bothers to conceal its impatience 
Close-up of a floating bridge in China 
Your reminder that even if the Pentagon budget were cut in half, the United States would still outspend China, Russia, Iran, and North  We must start investing in the American people, not defense contractors. 
China announced the extinction of the giant paddlefish on the first day of this year, which was one of the two existing species of this ancient lineage of fish. A seven meter (23 ft.) long specimen was captured during the 1950’s.  Photo USFWS Ryan 
China has been arbitrarily detaining our colleague #MichaelKovrig for 390 days. Michael is a Canadian national. He has yet to see a lawyer or his family. Join our call to #FreeMichaelKovrig ➔  
Viral pneumonia cluster in Wuhan, central China: 44 cases and counting  
This is EXACTLY how territorial division between imperialist powers like the US and China start. They're not out to prevent World War 3, they're out to win it!  …
Women are on avg younger than male cohabiting partners around the world. Sub-Saharan African has largest gap (12+ yrs), China & US have small gaps (2.2 yrs). By religion, Muslims have largest gap (6.6 yrs); religiously unaffiliated & Jews smallest (~2 yrs)  …
The mainstream media narrative paints China as a threat for wanting to invest in infrastructure in other countries whilst we accept things like in Iraq as normal. This really shows how we live in a warped reality and whereby sensationalist rhetoric twists our view.
US universities are  increasing numbers of Chinese students (and their tuition payments). Those universities should make clear they do NOT  Beijing's efforts to impose censorship about sensitive China-related topics such as the Uighurs.  
But then, that's also why he picked you as a running mate. A total buffoon whom he could have absolute control over. Two words: China. Ukraine. They never thought she would lose...
Now do China
Cultural evolution caused broad-scale historical declines of large mammals across China: "the millennia-long spread of agricultural land & intensification was the main cause of the extirpation of 5 megafauna species, with little importance of climate"  …
Imagine this idiot in power. She'd let Putin, China, and whoever else do what they like for fear of an 'escalation'. If there is to be an escalation, it's better we start it. Send the rest back to port.
WHILE ‘OFFICIAL’ ESTIMATES SAY THERE ARE ONLY 31M CHRISTIANS IN CHINA INSIDERS SUGGEST MANY MORE WORSHIP IN SECRET WITH AN ANNUAL GROWTH RATE BETWEEN 7-10% CHINA COULD HAVE WORLD’S LARGEST POPULATION OF CHRISTIANS BY 2030
Major story here today from Reuters. Know who else uses Chinese State owned banks? Major GOP donor Sheldon Adelson. Say it with me, China is not the West's friend H/t @xtrixcyclex cc @thespybrief @MichaelDanbyMP @DaveSharma @LouiseMensch  …
Kan Japanese Restaurant by odd. Beijing, China 
In 2015, Xi Jinping set 2020 as the year that #China should wipe out poverty &  a moderately prosperous society. Xi said "no one should be left behind on the road towards prosperity.” Time flies & we are now in Jan 2020, and how’s life in China? Watch 
What will happen to Hong Kong in 2047 when it loses its status within China as a special autonomous region? Here's what protesters fear. More @business:  #HongKongProtests 
#Pneumonia cases linked to seafood market in #Wuhan, China, stir concern The city is praised for quickly sharing information, but infectious disease experts worldwide are eager to get more details on the mysterious pathogen & the disease it produces.  
The Great Turn of Hun River (Yalu River). Dandong, China, Silk Road.  … #silkroad 
It’s hard not to think of this astonishing number when hearing about all the things “we can’t afford” to do. For example, in that same period of time China built a state-of-the-art highspeed rail network for about half a trillion.
Which country is the biggest threat to the United States? #WWIII #WorldWarThree #Iran #TrumpsWar #NoWarWithIran #IranWar #NoWarInIran #China #Russia #NorthKorea #KimJongUn #Putin #XiJinping #Soleimani #Election2020 RT for wider circulation!
That's Maoist Police of #Nepal arresting and torturing Tibetan refugees on instructions from their master China In the land of Bhagwan Buddha, there's no room for Buddha's followers Such a shame But see how @samajwadiparty leader @preeti_chobey using it against India n 
Who will win #WorldWarThree? The US, UK, France, Germany, Canada, Ukraine, South Korea, Saudi Arabia and Australia? or Russia, China, Iran, North Korea, Syria, Iraq, and Venezuala? The answer: Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Raytheon, Haliburton.
#HeartwarmingMoment: After saving a little white dog from a pit, man in S China's Hainan is greeted by 3 others, expressing their gratitude for saving their friend. 
Steve, long time listener, first time tweeter - do you have  on the Hong Kong situation in China?
Door of Return no abeg is it China door or sliding door?
China continues to streamline its blockchain patent application process  …
Good night Europe, Asia and Africa, Good afternoon The Americas, Good morning India, China and Japan Great Friday With love from Kiki in Japan 
What about China?
The other thing that's amazing from this report are the China and India numbers. In 2000, China had 38k millionaires and India had 34k. By 2019, China had 4.4M millionaires (117X growth) and India had 759k (22X growth). Wow!  
I shared this a while ago, but I thought it was relavant to share again. Victims of China’s Electromagnetic Mind Control Technology Provide Testimonies, Seek Help.  …
Faced with China continuing to purchase Iranian crude, an inability to stop it and Europe's continued political support for the Iran deal forcing it into a closer relation with China and Russia on the matter, the US has needed to strike a decisive blow.
I went on @CGTNOfficial to discuss the recent piece I co-authored with @MaxBlumenthal for @TheGrayzoneNews on the shoddy sources behind claims China is detaining millions of Uyghur Muslims. Here I talk about NED-funded @CHRDnet which interviewed only 8 people to make their 
Dr. Fengyi Hu checks in on a perennial rice field in the Yunnan province of China. Perennial rice is now being grown in 10 provinces of China with yields matching that of annual rice. 
Tongli Town is located on the eastern shore of Taihu Lake, just 18 km from Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province of China. It is a well preserved water town with more than 1,000 years. It is a really wonderful travel destination where you can experience traditional Chinese culture. 
Zhangye Danxia National Geological Park is located in Zhangye, Gansu Province of China. Danxia landform is an unique type of #geomorphology formed from red-colored sandstones and characterized by steep cliffs. The park has the area of 50 square KM. 
Pingyao Ancient City is in Shanxi Province of China. Founded during the Western Zhou Dynasty (1046BC – 771 BC) and rebuilt in 1370AD, It is nowadays one of China's four best preserved old cities together with Lijiang Old Town, Huizhou Ancient City and Langzhong Ancient City. 
The City Wall in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, is the  city wall that has survived in China. It is one of the largest ancient military defensive systems in the world. It was built in 1370 of Ming Dynasty (1368 - 1644). It has 13.7 km in length with a moat surrounding it. 
Barbara Palvin for InStyle China, 2020 
Dropping the needle on 1982s 'Blackout' by Germany's own #Scorpions. Features their hit 'No One Like You' and countless other live staples by the band. My fave is 'China White'... what is yours? 
Attention @elonmusk. It is confirmed that that a Caja China fits in a @Tesla Let me know when you’re ready for 
China authorities caught destroying Uighur cemeteries in persistent effort to eradicate Uighur identity and promote "state-approved culture." Why is China a member of the  overseeing human rights NGOs?  …
"You can listen to ["China Girl"] and feel like either he’s perpetuating that stereotype or he’s actually understanding it better than anyone else ever did."  …
China’s pork crisis piques interest in dog and cat meat, as animal activists raise the alarm over illegal slaughter - Animal rights group claims as many as 10 million dogs r eaten each year, many r stolen or poisoned.  …
How, in the world, do the Chinese make a shirt in China, ship it to SA and still have that shirt retailing for less than US$1?  …
Tesla's China Gigafactory will be the game-changer of 2020, predicts analyst  …
The PBOC cutting the RRR again (Jan 6) ahead of Golden Week calendar bottleneck. The Fed still conducting repo ops due to calendar bottleneck. China and the US are actually in the same boat for the same reason. The reserves you don't see or hear about.  …
And if @realDonaldTrump couldn't even consult with the entire Congress, AKA all of our elected representatives regardless of party, he is lying about why he did this. He consulted with Russia, you consulted with China, but not us.
Turns out, there can be more than one story about more than one thing. The fact that our president is eating ice cream on fine china in his opulent golf resort, while he sends young men and women into harm's way is important, too.
China and the United States  for launch supremacy in 2020  … by @SciGuySpace
Long $LK Luckin Coffee zooms past Starbucks in China store count  …
Polish China and market expert Łukasz Sarek for @sinopsiscz on the under-reported issue of the risks of Chinese IoT equipment, specifically in the case of Dahua and Hikvision in Poland. Sarek also spoke at our recent conference called Beyond Huawei:   …
Encroachment (China Daily) 
Novel human virus? Pneumonia cases linked to seafood market in China stir concern  …
China has 300 million cig smokers. Good money
My take on it, 1. Iran will attack us period, 2. Trump will order a full strike @Iran, 3. Russia & China  to Iran's aid, 4.  to WWIII where our sons & daughters will be used as fodder because Trump's needs a distraction!
hold on.. russia and china just allied with iran and the USA owes all of them trillions of dollars..... 
Be AWARE: -Australia is burning due to climate change up to today. -China is secretly causing genocide to the lives of Uyghurs. -There are more plastic in the oceans than actual marine life. And yet the media is ignoring. SPREAD AWARENESS
There are many actual experts on Twitter, I know only a sliver of the world that I inhabit. China = @ChinaBeigeBook Oil/energy = @anasalhajji Fed policy = @dandolfa & @DiMartinoBooth Financial history = @jp_koning And others Quality  …
Coal made from plant waste could cut carbon dioxide emissions by more than 730 million tons according to a new study from China 
Isn't it interesting what happens when we get to see how the rest of the world reports on the situation in  to our own tightly controlled media. People often point to the state controlled media of Russia and China but in all seriousness our media is not far off!
The Door of Return, ebe the China Door some anaa the one dema carpenter's do n) @ankamagyimi @OkwasiaBiNti
No one will destroy Israel. God wont let that happen. The Russians, china and the Muslim nations will all converge with a huge army try to destroy them. BUT That will fail spectacularly. It is written and it will be done.
Because you are heartbroken about some Americans wanting less immigration, you hype anything related to China and even Iran. But you have absolutely no intention of migrating to those places. It's the US that you call a monster that you still want to go to. Terrible characters
Pneumonia cases linked to seafood market in China stir concern. Another novel viral pneumonia with a zoonotic link perhaps. So much similarity with SARS. This would be a good time to review & strengthen our preparedness measures.  …
Russia, China, and Saudi Arabia are Iran's allies ... they will benefit in many ways, including OIL.
Special edition Morocco (1258,1659) + China (1862-1889) = Chicco: 
News AnalysisThe @USNavy’s Second Fleet that was disbanded during the Obama years has been reactivated to full-operational capability to meet challenges, such as #China’s increasing activity in the  …
Let's not forget about the @realDonaldTrump's OTHER war, that has also had disastrous consequences for our country. Hardworking people and their families across Pennsylvania are losing because of Trump's reckless trade war with China. 
Trying to understand - 1 - what is stopping Iran from closing the straight of Hormuz and disrupting world oil supply? 2 - doesn’t this just draw Iran, China, and Russia closer together? How in any way does that benefit us?
Countries attacked by bombing, sabotage or attempted government overthrow since World War Two: Korea, China, Guatemala,Indonesia, Cuba, Congo, Laos, Vietnam, Cambodia, Grenada, Libia, El Salvador, Nikaragua, Iran, Panama, Iraq, Kuwait, Somalia, Bosnia, Sudan, Afganistan. 
I’m sick dawg! One of my bros in the military and he hit my line telling me “We just got word bro - I won’t be able to make it home for your birthday because of everything that just happened in Iran + China & Russia , shits about to get real out here so make sure u stay alert”
Testimony - 7 Muslims imprisoned by Chinese authorities and sentenced up to 16 years for practicing #Islam, from wearing the #Hijab to praying. (English at 5.27) #Uyghurs #EastTurkestan #Xinjiang #Kazakhstan #Chinazi #China 
since Iran has ties wit China I guess that means I gotta stock up on mink lashes before WWIII starts and they stop shipping here
Chinese aggression against Japan or Taiwan, or aggressive North Korean acts against the South backed by China are far more likely to ignite a larger global conflict than the Iran situation. I mean Russia invaded Ukraine and everyone just kinda shrugged.
Like, even if it turns into an actual military-on-military war, it'll just be a war between Iran and the US. What other powers are jumping in on Iran's side to turn this into a global conflict? Russia and China? Yeah, I don't see that happening.
The Chinese gov't is scrubbing mentions of the Oscar-shortlisted doc 'One Child Nation,' about China's brutal one-child policy, from all media  …
China involved bitch we ain’t gon have no clothes
. CHINA WATCH - HARVARD CHINESE STUDENT BUSTED STEALING RESEARCH Chinese Harvard Med Student Caught Smuggling Research Out of Country .  …
I am personally shocked at the people in Congress and elsewhere in this country denouncing this bold action when, other than Iran, not a single other country is denouncing or crying for vengeance. Not Russia, not China, not any other country. But in Congress, Democrats?
Stunning winter scenery of Kanas River at Kanas scenic area in Altay, NW China's Xinjiang 
Scientists can now detect probabilities about sexual orientation from genes. It is likely that in China they will soon do genetic screening & abort babies who are likely gay. I write a bit of a Catholic moral response.  …
1. Related to the royal advisor to the last emperor of China 2. Irrational fear/hate of toe socks 3. Born left-handed then forced to switch 4. Initially only wanted to be a soap opera actor 5. Have a weird OCD quirk about balance. So please don’t pat me on one side  …
Last summer, Mario Balotelli had 3 choices. He could venture into the unknown and play in Brazil; he could earn an impossible, meaningless fortune in China; or he could take a big pay cut and return to his hometown. His mother cried when he picked home. 
Dear #YangGang In my 5 years in China I observed a modern tradition: High School seniors everywhere began a countdown at 200, to the college entrance exam, serving as a constant reminder. Well, at this time we’re days from the Iowa caucus & days from Super Tuesday [RT]
China Calls For Peaceful Talks Between The U.S. And North Korea  … 
"Jackie Chan" in South Africa we call him Jackie China and it will never change!!! You can go and argue with your ancestors about it still you won’t win! Ke Jackie China finish and klaar 
Made in China 2025 appears to be having an effect in shrinking China’s reliance on imported manufactured goods. @Brad_Setser offers a crucial index of deglobalization.  
China has made huge strides cleaning up its polluted rivers  
China is the land of facial recognition. Understanding how it made this technology flourish is instructive 
Hey @1sevbvss who woulda thought that beat we made at your house would end up going #1 on Billboard’s Independent Artist chart and then being on the #1 most downloaded / streamed album of all time on China’s NetEase streaming platform? I sure didn’t! 
A really old reminder, but not a small one: China’s Tobacco industry via a partnership with NRCC “NRCC serves more than 1000 long term enterprises clients servicing a large portion of Fortune Global  (like General Motors) $VET $XRP  …
Please join us next week to PROTEST the Asian Development Bank @ADB_HQ’s $150 million loan for China’s “Developmental Projects” in #EastTurkistan (so-called “ #Xinjiang”), where 3million+ #Uyghurs & others are being held in #ConcentrationCamps. #China is NOT a “developing nation.” 
Tesla confirms Gigafactory 3's 3k/wk run-rate as it readies to meet China's Model 3 demand  …
Imagine a poker player who always checks until someone bets, and then they fold, even when they have a strong hand. That's Liz Warren at the table w Russia, China, N Korea, & Iran.
Yes, bad argument. Also fails to understand that US was not a power in that time period but is now the hegemon of the world. Since 1991 we've had a target on our back and if we back down China takes our place. We cannot just turtle up and do nothing unless we want China in charge  …
“There is simply no freedom of expression in China,” said @PatrickPoon of @Amnesty. 2 lawyers narrowly missed police and 4 are in  Arrests were reportedly linked to a gathering in which they “discussed the prospect of democracy" in #China.  …
Me facing a new wave of people that are not gonna connect the dots between American terrorism rhetoric and Islamophobia and parallel manifestations in India and China 
People visit the  Harbin International Ice and Snow Sculpture Festival in northern China. More photos of the day:  Aly 
The carbon intensity of their economies ultimately sets America Russia and China on a path to world war, if you like. Smart nations will just get out of this way of this express train to hell.
There's no doubt China has been cheating our government 4 decades. Americans pay the price & our politicians, until now, have ignored it. WHY? Because they've provided a cover 4 the crooked corrupt weasels in government who have been doing the same thing. Trump is exposing them.
Everyone assumes that Iran will react in the Middle East. Iran's network in Africa is also very strong under the umbrella of Russia and China. Iran has been working with 'humanitarian' activities and 'cultural centers' in Africa since the mid-90s.
President* Trump’s financial conflicts of interest are increasingly dictating our foreign policy with Russia, Turkey, China, Saudi Arabia... and Iran.   …
Imran Khan forced to delete tweets after being exposed by @Uppolice on fake videos posted by him Haram khor won’t speak up against persecution in own Pak against Hindus, Sikhs, Shias, Ahmediyas, Balochis... Forget them, he even refuses to speak up for Uighur Muslims in China 
"One Child Nation, the documentary about China’s one-child policy that I co-directed with my friend Jialing Zhang, is included in this year’s Oscar shortlist, but no Chinese publication has made any mention of it." 
Iran lacks the overall cyber capabilities of Russia, China, or the U.S., but its hackers can still do damage. 
Tesla is cutting prices on its China-built Model 3's by 9%. Here's a look at their first cars out of its Shanghai Gigafactory earlier this week. More @business:  
LIVE:  Robert Booth explains how spies from #China and other countries  US Embassies, the problems they are causing, and what can be done to stop it. Crossroads with 
We are losing control’: China’s ‘dangerous’ South China Sea plan  Wake up World and realise what's happening  …
Iran, China, and Russia doing joint exercises for 
If China builds the world's most powerful particle accelerator, most countries would no doubt collaborate. Except America 
7. And Trump's foreign policy tweets -- whether about Iran, China or NATO -- are far clearer and more honest than the fog machine of traditional U.S. swamp diplomacy-lobbying. How is the past 72 hours not preferable to anything under Obama, Bush or Clinton?
US-Iran war: China and Russia will aid Tehran’s retaliation on Trump, says conflict expert  
The Soleimani assassination may be legally justifiable, but that is not the same as smart or prudent. It makes little strategic sense given the many US vulnerabilities in the region and the need to contend w Russia, North Korea, & China. my latest for 
Just in: Pompeo calls up Abu Dhabi Crown Prince MBZ of UAE to explain Trump's decision to take out Qassem Soleimani. Readout almost identical to call with MBS after a busy day of calls w/ counterparts from UK, France, China, Russia, Afghanistan, Pakistan, & Germany.
The Council of Representatives has expressed deep concern over the inhumane and painful conditions to which Uighur Muslims in China are subjected, including the detention of more than one million Muslims in mass detention camps, denial of their most basic rights..."  …
As the movement enters a new year, we cannot remain aloof from intl dynamics that use us as pawns in imperial projects, whether it be U.S. or China: in light of our dedication to ppl's right to autonomy and self-determination, the Hong Kong movement must also say #NoWarInIran 4/4
China may be forced into further military assistance to Russia & Iran, as the HK movement is  in the U.S.'s orbit of aggression that may culminate into another large-scale war that will threaten the human rights and democracy of millions in the Middle East 2/4
America: Iran, Russia, Korea and China: COME OUTSIDE BITCH WE NOT GON JUMP YOU 
Yes indeed Senator Scott. Allowing Huawei to be involved in 5G network in Europe jeopardizes the personal data of EU citizens & hampers the exchange of intelligence between the US & its allies. Huawei helps facilitate China's surveillance & censorship.  …
Do you feel the #chill in the relationship between the USA and China ? It’s on ICE! @UWECWhockey vs. China National Team @UWEauClaire Pretty #COOL! Go 
A world war by definition would have to involve major powers. There are 3 'major powers': the US, China and Russia.Neither China nor Russia is getting into a fight between us and Iran, aside perhaps from supplying weapons. WWIII: ain't happening. Calm down.
Dear Iran, North Korea, China, and whoever else wants to attack U.S. soil. We keep our most important documents in buildings labeled Sallie Mae and Discover Student Loans. If these locations were to be destroyed this country would be ruined. Please don't touch them.
Lisa's first solo project in China will start soon, hope I can find some translators or help me with updating. #BLACKPINK #LISA #LALISA #리사
It’s 2020. Here’s some good anime to keep an eye out for. Dorohedoro! It’s gonna be in Netflix Hell, but once it’s out, I 100%  watching/reading it. It’s a dark grimy story about magic and class warfare. It’s like China Mieville made an anime. 
Idea, amazing the escalation of conflict with Iran starting with the drone shoot down and Saudi attack. Are certain people encouraging Iran to try to do to Trump what they did to Carter? Embassy 'crisis'? I wouldn't put it past them, considering the $$lost from 'Ukraine'/China
Is Trump capable of handling a crisis in the Middle East? We have China, Russia and North Korea all watching intently. Can he handle it?
Exclusive: #Iran uses #China bank to transfer funds to  – report | Article [AMP] | Reuters  …
Periodic reminder of weakness/irrelevance of political Confucianism in China. Destroying graves, sites where predecessors  is the very definition of Confucian inhumanity. But Confucianism is impotent against the CCP's monstrous violations of decency and dignity.  …
Hundreds more terracotta warriors unearthed at tomb of China's first emperor  …
Stunning art of gardening showcasing in SE China's Fujian. 
Pikachu x Razer releasing a new wireless mouse in China  
China, which once purchased 40 percent of all Canadian canola exports, abruptly abandoned Canada’s crop. NOW @JustinTrudeau is on week 3 of a #CostaRica Bender! It's a #crisis Canada get your head around that!  … via @nationalpost
China and Russia if the US actually declares war on Iran and Iran asks for their help. 
Dumplin was rescued from the meat trade in China by another group and then adopted out. Unfortunately, Dumplin’s fear was so severe that her adopters were unable to touch her, groom her or get her medical care. Tweet 1/4. 
Iran isn’t powerful enough to warrant this much fear. I’m literally confused watching all these media outlets talk like Trump just hit the leader of China or something.
California isn't just a U.S. powerhouse, it's the 5th biggest economy in the world 1. U.S 2. China 3. Japan 4. Germany 5. California 6. U.K. 7. France 8. India 9. Italy 10. Brazil  
There were no incentives back then for any major power to not go to war. There was no global trade, just trade between individual countries. You didn't have most of the world (even  dependent upon the US for literally everything. So no, WW3 ain't happening.
31st december: 3rd January: 2020 is going to world war 3, us be our year russia, iran and china  …
#Iran: Is the greatest funder of terror Executed more people than any country except China Calls for the destruction of Israel  of fanatics indistinguishable from ISIS and Al-Qaeda The #Iran Nuclear Deal was one of the worst agreements in modern 
An on-cam apology a day later from high above the crowd is not the same as finding this poor woman (easy feat for Vatican security) and telling her in person. If anyone finds out who she is, please DM me. There's a China story here.
Dani Reiss took over a family business that has turned its parkas into a luxury consumer brand. Those he goes to for counsel include the head of Starbucks China and Tom Brady. 
The real problem is the US does as it pleases in other people’s countries and expects the world to make excuses for behaviour we’d condemn if it was any other country doing it. If China or India was assassinating ppl, we wldn’t say things like this.  …
This is the Mars year- @NASA Mars 2020 will launch, along with @uaespaceagency Hope mission, @esa @ESA_ExoMars, and a mission from China!  …
It's a myth Australian exports to China give Beijing a veto. Australia was the FIRST country to ban Huawei. They frequently push back against China, do their own FONOPs-lite in the SCS and advocate for Quad/Malabar. Doing much more than others.Does that sound like a vassal state?  …
You briefed Russia, China, Saudi Arabia...but not the US Congress. Who did you say you work for, because it’s not America, obviously.
Drone Wars 17/24 Even worse. The ARMAMENT needed onto a drone needs to be a 'smart weapon' missile. VERY FEW countries are able to manufacture SMART weapons, like USA, Britain, France, Russia, China, Israel... and.... yes... IRAN. They have their Zoobin class smart missiles..
Boys, boys, boys. World Wars are multi-theater. There’s always a chance you’re deployed to China or the Korean Peninsula, where you will be greeted as liberators by the populace. Stay positive.
Trump's "phase one" trade deal doesn't address one of the major reasons for the trade war:  subsidies. It also fails to address IP theft & currency manipulation as China continues steamrolling our farmers, manufacturers & our consumers. 
Dear Iran, North Korea, Russia, China & whoever else wants smoke wit Trump, We don’t condone him or his behavior. We been tryna impeach him & get him out of office. PLEASE get revenge on HIM & HIM ONLY. WE WANT NO PARTS OF YALL Best regards, America
@JoeBiden worked with the GOP to: -Extend Bush tax breaks for the 1% -Cut Social Security -Cut Medicare -Cut Medicaid -Cut veterans benefits -Go to war in Iraq -Outsource U.S. jobs to China & Mexico -protect student loan debt for banks -Bailout Wall Street
Christian pastor who leads 1 of China’s largest underground churches sentenced to 9 years in prison for operating outside gov't narrow boundaries of allowed religious practice. #extremism #intolerance #ChristianPersecution #ReligiousFreedom #ReligiousRights  
"Long-Term Effects of Educational Interventions in Developing Countries" Big returns (Indonesia) and social externalities (China) to increased schooling, sustained effects of teacher incentives (India), but no long-term benefits of reducing pupil absenteeism (Kenya). 
Olaplex confirmed they don't test on animals at any point, and neither do their suppliers or any third parties. No animal testing where required by law/China. 
#NankanaSahib 1.Attack on Nanakasahib. 2.Danish Kaneria Hindu controversy. 3.Atrocities on Uighurs muslim in China. 4.Christian girls are being sold to chinese. But Imran wants to tweet on CAA. Wow ! #TerroriststatePakistan #CAA
The PM can’t even stand up to China to bring Canadian citizens home. The PMs response will not bode well for Canada.
Anything you see US doing with drones today, will be done by China, Russia and yes, Turkey (which is building a serious drone capability) in the next 10 - 20 years. Drones will be like the "Gatling guns" of the 21st Century. Everyone who matters will have them.
News that the Fed may be forced to finance a war with Iran doesn't make me want to sell stocks & buy USTs. China helped finance Iraq War 2 in a big way; somehow, I don't think they're gonna help with any potential Iranian conflict...
industrial city to create 300,000 jobs, attract Rs400 billion investment 3 #SEZs out of 9 have been declared as Prioritized #SEZs by #Pakistan & #China governments including 1. Allama Iqbal Industrial City, Faisalabad 2. Rashakai SEZ in #KPK 3. Dhabajee SEZ in Sindh. 
If you're concerned about #WWIII, don't be. I can assure you Mark Francois is ready & willing to lead the charge against Iran & China! Lefties say I wouldn't risk my own children, but all 337 of my illegitimate sons are in Mark's regiment. (I need to bring the numbers down.)
Majestic. Thousands of horses gallop across snow-covered grasslands in northern China. 
So I am assuming all celebrants of US’ targeted assassination would be equally supportive of Iran China Russia assassinating one of our top military? I mean I know they wouldn’t support it but they would support principle of assassination as legitimate tool of foreign policy?
Congress has to wait until next week for a briefing. Behind China and Russia. This is how you know that “America First” is simply a dog whistle.  …
Viral pneumonia cluster in Wuhan, central China: 44 cases and counting  
China is developing its largest and most powerful aircraft carrier to date:  
Will India, Russia and China be more consistent in their stances toward crypto in 2020 than in 2019?  …
Clashing directly with US interests does not suit Pakistan but a regime change in Iran does more damage. Plenty on our plate already with India, Afghanistan. Tehran ain't the enemy. With our future tied with China, can we afford another hostile western-backed neighbor like Kabul?
The humor and memes are keeping me calm while I wait to fly back to Japan, who is right next to China, Russia, and North Korea. We see exactly what's going on. Behind the jokes is the feeling of hopelessness.
After the death of Gen. Qassem Soleimani it's safe to say @realDonaldTrump is NOT a Russian asset. This is one of the LAST things Russia wanted & just days after announcing joint excercises w/ China & Iran. All 3 would be wise to carefully consider their actions going forward.
Huawei is a tool used by Communist China to steal our data. We’ve taken steps to keep Huawei out of the US market. It’s time our allies in Europe to do the same. Allowing Huawei access to 5G networks risks the security of EU citizens & damages our ability to share intelligence.  …
Imagine if China had incarcerated upwards of a million Christians. Or India said it would take all refugees except Christian ones. The west would be in a state of frenzy. Since both China and India’s targets are Muslim, their cause is given short shrift.  …
so china, russia, & iran teaming up together??? 
10. Hunter Biden and his father Joe Biden never had any business in Ukraine, nor in China. True or False?
"It was Joe Biden who was against the Osama Bin Laden raid. It was Joe Biden who said China's, not a threat. It was Joe Biden who was for the Iran Deal... "We'd be a lot worse off in this world if Joe Biden were ever President of the United States." - 
Any protest from @Pontifex? How does your deal with Communist China look now?  …
Ever heard of minorities in an Islamic country enjoying equal rights ? Ever heard of China’s treatment of the Uyghur ? FYI Muslims in India are equal citizens & protected by the Constitution which - that little brain of yours might find it a challenge to grasp. Now go foxtrot.
"China, Russia and France, all permanent members of the U.N. Security Council, took a dim view of the U.S. airstrike." 'A more dangerous world': Iran killing triggers global alarm  …
This is nonsense. If China killed a top General in South Korea, we wouldn't look at it as China giving North Korea and South Korea freedom. How stupid does Mike think people are? This is an act of war, unsanctioned by Congress. I wonder if the UN is going to denounce this?
So North Korea, China and Russia probably on a three way call with Iran rn, yet ppl blaming black twitter, the media, the Democrats, Obama ....but not y’all’s draft dodging, tax evading, mentally incapable president for unnecessarily inciting a possible ww3 ..... 
Indonesia rejects China's claim over its EEZ; unilateral claim based on historical rights hs no basis under UNCLOS; urges it to explain th legal basis & boundaries of its claim; no overlapping maritime claims exists thus no dialogue needed for delimitation  …
Can Deepfakes be safely consumerized? And will we trust China’s ByteDance with biometric face scans?  … tip @Techmeme
Protest: support the #Uyghur Muslim people! China: respect human rights! Close the concentration camps! End the persecution! VIGIL: 6pm-7pm, Sunday 5 Jan, Chinese Embassy, London W1B 1JL More INFO:  FOLLOW & SUPPORT Uyghur activists in UK 
“More than 4,500 left the United States for China in 2017—nearly double the number who left in 2010.” So not obvious it has much of anything to do with trump administration policies. 2018 and 2019 data would tell us something about that  …
It was Napoleon Bonaparte who once said “let China sleep, for when she wakes, she will shake the world.” I hope the world is agreed that China is awake now. I have no doubt that African countries too can be awake if they want to. Arise Africa Arise!
South Africans, please be aware. Chinese loans  cheap and the #ANC is going to be be borrowing lots of money from #China. Our new colonizers will be the Chinese.  …
Around 200 more warriors from ancient #China's #TerracottaArmy have been unearthed at the tomb of Emperor #QinShiHuang:  … via @Newsweek
The new rules, spearheaded by trade minister @PiyushGoyal, are aimed at restricting imports from China. Non-essential imports from China amount to ₹4 trillion a year.  …
She’s a Russian asset. She was friends with Putin’s girlfriend. There’s even a story of her sitting at Putin’s desk in his chair as a girl. She’s running around the World grifting & acquiring trademarks from China for many things including VOTING MACHINES? Nothing to see here.
Learn from history!* _______ *Terms & conditions apply. Does not include the history of the Soviet Union, China, North Korea, North Vietnam, Cuba, Yugoslavia, Poland, Albania, Romania, Czechoslovakia, East Germany, Cuba, Nicaragua, Somalia, Cambodia, Angola, Mozambique...  …
Remember Hillary asking China to get Trumps tax returns? The hypocrisy within this party is sickening. 
3/4.Q: what service available in the eye center？ A: China donated ophthalmic surgical and examination instruments, medical consumables, ophthalmic medicines, for diagnosis and treatment of cataract,  ocular surface diseases, vitrous &retinal diseases, refractive error. 
The outbreak of a mysterious #Pneumonia-like disease in central #China’s Wuhan city has generated widespread alarm. Authorities didn’t have any information about the cause of the infections.  …
Russia AND China??? 
Blackpink Bar is “ot4” but a member of the group has a whole  up in China for the first time and y’all made zero plans, zero promo, zero post
In the last world war, #WWII, the number of civilian deaths in China alone was almost twice Ghana’s current population. Stop the jokes! Source: The National WWII Museum, New Orleans.
Fascinating: American Secretary of State spoke to Bajwa (), China, Russia, France to calm down Iran but not India. Bye bye Chabahar Port  …
Tesla was also able to significantly lower the model 3 sales price in China now not in 6 months as previous inaccurate reports stated. This is due to China subsidies for EVs. $tsla #china
we are not in world war 3, but dumbass radlib "marxists" wanting Russia and China to get involved (2 known imperialist countries) to "oppose US imperialism" is how you GET world war 3.
#NEW The US manufacturing sector contracts for the 5th straight month. @ism manufacturing index fell to 47.2 in December -- the lowest reading since June 2009. Economists had forecast index would rise to 49 following the announcement of the phase one trade deal with China.
This is one of the reasons I elected to write for the Epoch Times. It is their ongoing stance against China and their insistence on reporting on the activities and the threat that China represents. There is a very good reason they are banned in China.  …
A Basketball Coach In China Walked Right Up To The Stands And Smacked A Heckler Who Yelled And Shoved His Wife  
Y’all top priority was Muslims in China but now millions of Muslims lives at stake & it’s all ke-ke’s & ha-ha’s. Word. & people be quick to paint everywhere else as dystopian...
#ICYMI DIA Director Lt. Gen. Robert Ashley Jr. sat down for an interview with Washington Post columnist David Ignatius to discuss Russia and China and the threats posed by these  Read more here:  #DiscoverDIA 
sabrina via youtube 9 years ago today ‘Sabrina Carpenter - Live in China "Something's Got a Hold on Me"’ — january 3rd 2011 
The People’s Republic of China: 70 Years of Economic History (See full infographic: The People’s Republic of China: 70 Years of Economic History) 
Iraq & Turkey: condemn attack China, Russia, UK, Germany, UN: calling for de-escalation & restraint France: world is more dangerous now NATO: monitoring situation Israel: only country to be patting the US on the back so far  …
With Uber's acquisition of Careem officially closing, Uber's global portfolio includes a stake in the leader in every region where they don't operate themselves. • 15% of Didi (China) • 23% of Grab (SEA) • 38% of Yandex (Russia) • 100% of Careem (Middle East)
The sixth Type 055 #Nanchang-class very large #destroyer (13,000 tons) was launched 27 Dec at Dalian Shipyard in northeast #China, which is also building Type 052D destroyers for the #PLAN #Navy. Jiangnan shipyard in Shanghai also builds Type 055s. MT 
Some of the world’s most challenging stories are being reported using the tools of open source journalism. In our first episode of 2020, we're taking a look at how open source techniques are being used to dig into stories from Xinjiang, China to Douma, Syria. 
They sound a lot like the Democrats..... Communist China: ‘Private Ownership Of Guns’ In U.S. ‘Serious Problem,’ Must ‘Change’  …
#Taiwan's President Tsai Ing-wen convened a meeting of defense officials and urged them to be on a lookout for military developments concerning #China following a helicopter crash that killed the island’s top military officer and other prominent personnel.  …
Yangshuo 陽朔縣 Limestone Landscapes in southern China emerged about 540 to 250 million years ago. (From the Cambrian to the Permian) #archaeology #geology #history Wp  
#China will  an all-around well-off society in #2020. A "well-off society" does not only mean a society that provides people with food and clothing, but one marked by economic, political, cultural and social prosperity, as well as a good environment.  
3 #SEZs out of 9 have been declared as Prioritized Special Economic Zones by #Pakistan and #China governments including 1. Allama Iqbal Industrial City, #Faisalabad in #Punjab 2. #Rashakai SEZ in #KhyberPakhtunkhwa 3. #Dhabajee SEZ in #Sindh. #CPEC #Industrialisation 
Taiwan Turns to Facebook and Viral Memes to Counter China’s Disinformation - Wall Street Journal  …
“Lover” by Taylor Swift was 2019’s best selling international album on China’s digital album year end chart with over nearly 1.5 MILLION copies sold. 
Most of the trafficking victims from Myanmar to China are for forced "marriage" (typically together with forced child birth).  
US SecState speaks to foreign ministers of China, Germany, France, UK etc, Afghan President.... But Pakistan Army Chief?  …
*china and russia joins WWIII* philippines: 
The potential spread of pneumonia—with an unknown origin—from China to Hong Kong highlights how infectious diseases pose a growing threat to global health security @CIDRAP  We need to be better prepared for future  
China's mass detention of Uighur Muslims leaves thousands of child refugees without knowledge of parents' whereabouts and condition. Will the U.N. Human Rights Council respond?  …
If you don't know about Stephen Harpers 30 year lock down deal with China.. it's about damn time you learned.  …
@narendramodi ji not only can't students study science in their mother tongue, the Indian Patent Office allows patents only in English. Meanwhile China is leading the world in AI patents, using Chinese. How many Indians think in English? We kill talent.  …
Pompeo is really working the phones: Iraqi speaker, top officials in China, UK, France, Germany, and then these two: 
Facebook to establish Taipei war room to counter China interference in Taiwan election. Terrific, hope we see similar w/rooms in 2020 not only in US, also Lithuania, Georgia - everywhere aggressive regimes such as China and Russia have a stake in 
The Muslim world must not be misled by Western media which intentionally misreported & distorted the truth, accusing China of oppressing Xinjiang Uyghur with religious & ethnic motives. Learning Chinese is to ensure Uyghur minority not excluded from mainstream, not Sinicization.
Army Chief Gen Naravane says his force will be firm, but not aggressive, with China Snehesh Alex Philip @sneheshphilip reports 
"Me (USA) UK and France need 1 to chall Russia, China, North Korea, and Iran for 100 each"
When people said 2020 should start with a bang I don't think a prelude to a world War and a pneumonic plague outbreak in China is what they had in mind...
Some disturbing images were found inside what could be the “SARS” in #wuhan #china where we can see dogs and cats are being sold to Chinese for eating  
Wjsn won the most influential women’s kpop group in the 2019 kpopstarz award in china  …
If Trump gets the war he wants with Iran, it is doubtful that our European allies will reverse their scheduled withdrawal of their troops in Iraq. Iran has cemented alliances with Russia and China. Imagine the consequences of a war with Iran. 
For people who know nothing about ""dictator",let them to go to China, and feel it also.
#JUSTIN: Yang Jiechi, member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee, told US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in a phone call that #China is very concerned about the current situation in the Middle East. 
Fan in China flips off Lance Stephenson and then pushes the coach’s wife after she confronts him ( @YuFuTroy ) 
World powers called for restraint after the U.S. carried out a targeted strike on #Soleimani. Here are the responses from China, Russia, the U.K. and France 
Which means China, Russia, North Korea, Israel, Iran and who knows how many others were also listening to the briefing. Because it was held at Espionage-A-Lago.  …
Stupid China people just  He shld be fined the same price of the jet engine  …
“We urge all sides to be restrained and calm and avoid further escalation of the situation,” said Geng Shuang, spokesperson of the Foreign Ministry of China, after the US strikes on #Iran. #China is one of the biggest backers of the #Iranian  …
After the killing of Qassem Soleimani, U.S. policymakers should ask whether additional steps toward conflict w/ Iran serve U.S. national security priorities. Is the U.S. willing to abandon its focus on relations w/ Russia & China to counter Iranian influence in the Middle East?
The past decade should have been a "sweet spot" for EM, with low global rates, abundant capital inflows & globalization. But EM x/ China and India stopped out-growing advanced countries (lhs) and growth in bellwether EMs like Mexico and South Africa has ground to a halt (rhs)... 
I am not exaggerating when I say hundreds of thousands of people ended up being brutally killed in Syria, Ukraine, Iraq, Afghanistan, Egypt, Libya and other places because of Obama's  to making absolutely sure he appeased Iran/Russia/China in all things.
A rare protest has occurred after China's controversial decision to remove the phrase "freedom of thought" from a university's charter, and replacing it with a pledge to follow the CCP's leadership.  …
HELLO @ygent_official the biggest blackpink fan-based @BLACKPINK_Bar are making money by selling the tickets they get to attend Lisa conference in China soon. Is it legal to do  on take action
#China blocks Shanghai stock market pact with London due to political tensions - The bully is at it again...... China has fired a warning shot at Prime Minister Boris Johnson by suspending a tie-up between London and Shanghai’s stock exchanges  …
Ready, set, go! Dragon boat race on ice in northeastern China 
#China's Foreign Ministry Spokesman called for restraint from all the countries involved in the #MiddleEast geopolitics. #Iraq 
The Iran Deal was the Obama administration's North Star...it guided virtually EVERY major decision Obama & his crew made during their time in the White House. It affected literally EVERY taken - or **not** taken - in regards to Syria, Iraq, Russia, China and more.
7 days ago: China, Russia and Iran hold joint naval drills in Gulf of Oman - Tahani: ...drills also serve as a signal...that relations between Tehran, Moscow and Beijing have reached a "meaningful" level  …
Sites that you should not make as a source: Korean: wikitree, top star news English: Allkpop, Koreaboo, South China Morning Post They all have the same thing 
Friday Treat Time! 1740s ribbed silk waistcoat with floral embroidery, possibly worked in China for export to the West. The standard dress for a gentleman in the 1700s was a coat, breeches, and a waistcoat 
First week of 2020 - Iran general killed by US by airstrike - Australia bushfire - Indonesia flood - Rumours of SARS outbreak in china - Natuna Sea problem
China pneumonia outbreak raises spectre of Sars as number infected jumps to 44  … via @scmpnews
Only possibility of avoiding war: Europe joins w/China & Russia in Security Council to condemn the United States for risking world peace with such a contemptible act. Iranian leadership would hold back if that could somehow happen...
Kuanlin’s dream girl hahahahahahahah hahahaha The female1 of It Started With a Kiss And one of Kuanlin’s nickname in China is Lai Zhishu the same name of the Male1 of It Started With a Kiss 
China will continue on its path of #sustainable development by emphasizing ecological cultivation to promote harmonious coexistence between humans and #nature, a recently approved Party document said. #sustainabledevelopment #ecology
[Recap] Hong Kong teacher partially blinded by ‘police projectile’ seeks evidence for legal challenge against city’s top cop  … #HongKong #China #antielab #antiELABhk 
the devil works hard but blackpink bar works harder to sabotage lisa's career in china  …
[UCC] BTS Jungkook claims two top KPOPstarz awards in China  
AI in 2020: From Experimentation to Adoption: IBM's @RobDThomas discusses the results of a recent IBM survey of tech decision makers across US, Europe & China  
I’ve been saying exactly the same thing — and Fox News will say trump’s China deal is the  of Christ and it w help his re-election bid And it will be nothing more than bringing us back to where we were before, minus $10-20 billion And #MAGA will believe him  …
After years of playing down its anti-Americanism, EU leaders now argue the EU must organize itself in trade & security  with China & America. It’s nonsense that they’ve only realized this need since Trump was elected. It’s baked in the Europeanist cake. We don’t fit.  …
AMERIKKA FUCKED UP. TRUMP HAS SQUANDERED ALL OUR FORIGN RELATIONSHIPS. CHINA AND RUSSIA AND IRAN BOUT TO TRIPLE TEAM US.  …
Yoo thas fuckin crazy we got WWIII Trending China and Russia Trending FAFSA Trending Move To Iran Trending Suleimani Trending Trumps War Trending WorldWarThree Trending Dear Iran Its Only Day 3 Guys... 
I do wonder if you realize that the right you have to dissent in this way is exactly what makes America so uniquely great. Try going to Iran (or China etc) and being an outspoken “conscientious objector.”
Maybe it is time for the us to withdraw from the Middle East and let china deal with it?
Iran is very closely allied with Russia, China, and Turkey. In spite of Soleimani's background, the perception in the Middle East that the United States is a bully and murderer has been exponentially magnified, this was a bad move. We Are Not Safe. #TrumpsWar #WWIII
Yes, @NikkiHaley. And if Prez #Trump can defang #Iran--he's on the right course--we will see much better conduct from the likes of #China, #Russia, and #NorthKorea. Bad actors take their cues from one  …
France has joined #Russia and #China in describing the killing of #Soleimani as a destabilising act. #France will likely try to use Soleimani's death as an opportunity to act as an interlocutor between the US and #Iran, in order to prevent a full-fledged conflict.
Tracing the footsteps of Chinese President Xi Jinping in rural China. Find out how villagers' livelihoods have changed over the past year 
Zero in on this & on the new revelations that Trump loans from Deutsche Bank were backed by a Russian bank. Zero in on Trump ties in Turkey. Zero in on China, Argentina pressure to help Trump Org. Trump's financial conflicts of interest loom ever larger in our foreign policy.  …
I did mention @jimsciutto book because it was one of the better ones I read in 2019.  on the subject of shadow wars and how some nation states (Russia, Iran, China, NK) are applying a different approach to conflict. Highly   …
2. US elaborated its position on current situation in Middle East. Yang Jiechi said, China is highly concerned about current situation in Middle East. China has always advocated that differences should be resolved through dialogue,opposed use of force in international relations.
Lisa for Nylon China via Weibo IntelBlackpink @ygofficialblink 
America worries Chinese students could  spies. China worries time overseas encourages dangerous levels of democratic idealism 
1. Yang Jiechi, Member of Political Bureau of Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and Director of Office of Foreign Affairs Commission of CPC Central Committee, made a telephone call with US Secretary of State Pompeo at the latter’s request. @MFA_China @StateDept
If you told Americans that China or Russia had military bases in Canada, Mexico, Central America, Greenland & the Caribbean they’d be rightfully upset with them. Why be confused when countries in the Middle East are pissed off by our perpetual military occupation of their region?
Akshay kumar achievements 54 flop + disaster 32 below average and average 86 domestic unsuccessful movie 103 flop + disaster in overseas 100% disaster ratio in china 0 ATBB 0 HGOTY 0 2.2CR FF Its a shame to be an Akshay kumar fan.
Irans biggest export partner is China by far (Oil). Looks to me like Phase 1 Trade Deal screws are being tightened on China. Probability they sign goes up. War narrative is fiction. The terrorist is a pawn for what the U.S. really wants. Phase 1 signed and delivered.
A very China story for 2020  …
Crude steel production (In thousand tonnes): 2000: India: 26,924 China: 128,500 U.S: 101,824 2010: India: 68,976 China: 638,743 U.S: 80,495 2018: India: 109,272 China: 928,264 U.S: 86,607 (WSA)
me: “this decade is gonna slap!!!” *checks trending: WW3, China and Russia, Giant Bomb* 2020: 
Chief Exec. Carrie Lam visited Kowloon's Express Rail station on Fri to inspect prevention measures in response to the Wuhan pneumonia outbreak. Cases of the mystery illness in #China have jumped from 27 to 44. 
While Iran is an obvious threat, we've long ignored the biggest threat since the Cold War! Venezuela is taken by Russia,China,Hezbollah and other vermin. It's only 2k miles from DC, well within ICBM range. If we're gonna clean, start with closest threats 1st! @POTUS 
This is crazy. Fan in China flips off Lance Stephenson and then pushes the coach’s wife after she confronts him ( @YuFuTroy 
If Joe Biden was President... Osama bin Laden would still be alive. Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi would still be alive. Qasem Soleimani would still be alive. China would be eating our lunch. Iran would be on the path to a nuke. Thankfully for America, @realDonaldTrump is president.
Reminder that we had an agreement with Iran that was being followed. Trump ripped it up. Iran recently had military exercises with China and Russia as Donald snubs our traditional allies.  …
Just a reminder: "Hillary the Hawk" got Russia and China to agree to impose strong sanctions on Iran. Diplomacy, not war. #NoWarInIran 
The fires in #Australia are huge. Today the area of the smoke from the #bushfires is about 12 400 000 km² (≈4 800 000 sq. miles). That is larger than, for example, the USA, Canada, or China! #NSWFires 
Made In China Tesla Model 3 Gets PCAUTO 'Car of the year 2019' Award $TSLA #Tesla #China #Model3  …
Rusia wouldnt risk a real military conflict. They’re fragile, still recovering from the fall of the ussr. A real war would starve the entire country. Its why they want more land. China relies on US to power its industrial and technological revolution. They wouldn’t gain anything.
Agenda: 1.Detailed insight of Pak Army Chief Extension 2.Pakistan is ready for Ghazwa-e-Hind? India too? & China? 3. Pakistanis tortured&deported from Malaysia & Turkey 4. Chinese influence in Pakistan 5. Tipu Sultan  
Opinion: China Offers a Better Way to Do Development Aid  …
I feel bad for #TheGrudge movie promotion. :( Dear Iran Move to Iran Russian and China 
Today, we are going to point out that there is a big difference between people who want universal health insurance, a thing that is fairly consistent in democracies throughout the world, and Communist China.
3rd what about Russia and China again our military could at full war production beat all 3 countries without NATO. Again it's about the navy. None of those countries have a navy to bring a fight here. Only America has a navy to bring a fight to another continent. Fact= no war 
Studies show that 95% of people who “don’t want to buy stuff made in China” are 100% not ready/ willing to pay for the same stuff made in the USA
200103 Donghae’s IG update: (going to) China tomorrow!!! In a long time!!!!!!!! Im excited excited ^^ I am going to China see you tomorrow !! I really really really miss you all !!!!!!  
200103 Donghae IG update English trans: China tomorrow !!! Long time no see !!!!!!! Happy happy ^^ I need to go to China(,) see you tomorrow !! I really really really miss you !!!!!!!! 
The Chinese government’s decision to explore its own virtual currency is already monumental, and if it ultimately moves forward it will be a global game changer. The future of global currencies may very well rest firmly in China’s hands.  …
A war with Iran would be foolish. Iraq has a population of 25 million and was a relatively weak nation. Iran has a population of 81 million, and is strong, organised and has powerful allies, such as Russia & China. It has the potential to  worse for the US than Vietnam!
Iran got put in a spliff. Saudi got put in a spliff. Iraq got put in a spliff. Afghanistan got put in a spliff. China nearly got put in a rizz. N. Korea nearly got put in a rizz. Russia got bored in the wig. Gang love crash, bore and dip.  …
Sen. Murphy is the same guy who said that then-President Elect Trump’s phone call with the President of Taiwan, in which Trump accepted congratulations upon winning his election, would lead to war with China. Murphy says everything Trump does will lead to war. He’s a bloviator.  …
The tech industry talks like AI is the Second Coming. Yet only one of these devices has been tested in a randomized controlled trial, and that was in China, not the U.S. How proven are these 
No. #China will not like appearing helpless as we take down one of its partners.  …
Picture this. Iran takes out a top US general in a drone attack at JFK Airport. Would the EU and UN issue statements condemning Iran? Would other governments*, including Ireland, respond with their own statements of condemnation? * France, Russia & China have done so.
Yes, @Chellaney, but Prez #Trump, by imposing severe costs on #Iran, has sent needed warnings to #China, #Russia, and #NorthKorea that the open season on Americans is now  …
Twitter when they find out Iran’s allies are Russia and China. 
Join us today Fox Business @cvpayne at 2pm & @BullsBearsFBN at 5pm ET! Lots to discuss: #iran #markets #2020Election #China #Oil
The Obama administration, by not imposing costs on adversaries for aggressive conduct, emboldened them. And not just #Iran. Today's tension in the South China Sea, for example, can be traced to the decision to allow #China to grab Scarborough Shoal from the Philippines in 2012.  …
The Golden Disk Awards TV AD Support To mark a perfect end to 2019, we prepared TV AD support for Jimin. The AD will be played in the beginning, middle & ending segments of the live broadcast respectively Date: January 4th & 5th, 2020 Frequency: 15s/ time @BTS_twt 
Eric Trump and the whole damn family knew about this attack. Remove the monster in the WH and all the rest of the vermin currently in power. You can be sure the trump family will profit bigly from this foreshadowing of WWIII. We will be at war with Russia and China! No Allies!  …
China and Russia + Iran meeting up after defeating the USA and deciding on who should take control after World War III 
My op-ed: US interventions in the Muslim world under Bush and Obama paved the way for China’s muscular rise. Now, by escalating conflict with Iran, Trump could relieve pressure on Beijing and undermine the paradigm shift in US's China policy he initiated.  …
China is playing an increasingly important role in our national economy. This is one,among many other good reasons,why our government and leaders should raise concerns over the treatment of Muslims in that country.This is not just about Muslims. It is about justice.
Me waking up and seeing World War III, China and Russia, #TrumpsWar , Move to Iran, Afghanistan, and FAFSA 
Official Tesla China message: - We have built 1,000 Model 3 and started delivery - Production speed is more than 3,000 per week - Locally built battery packs started at the end of December 2019 
Wow! “We’ll take your debt, we’ll take your business, we’ll take your infrastructure, we’ll take your networks & we’ll take your politics.” The New Evil Empire'sdomination ambition is on display. What's missing is "We'll enslave you." I say bring it on. Free'll defeat you.
TikTok says it didn’t receive any requests for user information from China during the first half of 2019. That might not reassure skeptics. 
Listen to this! It’s major. Must be investigated NOW b/c this under the radar China supported State Power Caucus is said to have had a big impact on the VA, FL, KY & other State elections. @GOP, @parscale @realDonaldTrump is China influencing our elections?
This is a bad take. No, as revolutionaries, our job is not to wait for Russia or China to save us all. Our job is not to support one imperialist power over the other. Our job is to make revolutionary war- People's War- here!  …
How bad would war with Iran be? Take the Iraq war, multiply the casualties by five, then imagine Russia and China also getting into proxy fights with our troops and you're almost there.
Think About it... Communists are banned in Islamic Pakistan Islamists are banned in Communist China But Both Communists and Islamists work together to destroy India 
We must disabuse our adversaries--especially #China and #Russia--of the idea that they can harm Americans or put their lives at risk. We should not be fearful of escalation. To avoid escalation, make it clear we will escalate. The retaliation against #Iran is a warning to  …
Okay, if Queendom really happens and Deukae participates, then that means more Korean recognition/popularity and then we also have Handong collecting stans in China. The intl fanbase always grows w/  as well. In conclusion: Dreamcatcher World Domination 
It was all fun and games makin memes until i realized nuclear armed China and Russia are military allies with a country we just attacked 
“Lover” is the best selling international album of 2019 in China. It ranks at #2 in Chinese Digital Album Year-End chart. (Excluding singles and EPs). It gained ￥30M and 1.49M copies. 
The USA still remains the most powerful country in the world. Not even Russia and China will go to war with them. Well, except proxy wars or trade wars as we have seen in the last 10 years.
I thought this buffoon was a master negotiator?? No trade deal with China No nuclear deal with North Korea War with Iran This Impeached President is a con.  …
SAY WHAT?: This farmer, hit hard by the China trade war, believes Trump is ‘backstabbing’ the people who got him into office 
Understanding how #China tries to influence the media is a first step to preserve #pressfreedom. Hong Kong and Taiwan are on the frontlines of this battle. Our program examines this influence in a new special report published 
Official media invitation to the China Made Tesla Model 3 Delivery to Customers in China at Shanghai Gigafactory 3 Source: @cyfoxcat Tencent Auto Editor-in-chief. #Tesla #TeslaChina #MIC #Model3 #GF3 #特斯拉 #中国 
If there is anyone in Zim wanting to study for their Masters in China at my school on scholarship in 2020 for the majors below DM for information. Issa thread
Even Ten years ago, India wasn’t poised to beat China 2010 China GDP: US$6 Trillion. India’s GDP: US$1.6 Trillion China’s growth rate: 10.6%. India’s growth rate: 10.3% The very first part of this tweet is a lie and 4k idiots have retweeted it  …
I hope you also emphasized to Yang that #China's attempts to kill American service personnel, including the laser attack on a C-130 in Djibouti in 2018, would no longer be considered acceptable and that there will be severe consequences.  …
Dear Iran, China, and Russia, Please don't take your beef out on us citizens, we don't fw trump either. Sincerely, America
If I publicly burn Koran, there will be protests all over Muslim world. Yet, millions of Muslims are imprisoned in China, 100s of 1000s of Muslim women raped by Chinese, 100s of 1000s Muslim children stolen by Chinese, culture destroyed and Muslim world is quiet. What hypocrisy.  …
WHY ISN'T THE REST OF THE WORLD SENDING EQUIPMENT AND FIREFIGHTERS TO AUSTRALIA? BRITAIN SHOULD SUSPEND ALL FOREIGN AID TO DESPOT REGIMES IN AFRICA, CHINA ETC AND SEND IT TO OUR AUSTRALIAN ALLIES! #AustraliaBushfires 
Tesla’s strong Q4 deliveries report is meaningful in several ways: - China demonstrated 3k/wk (shocker) with pack production starting Dec - Permanent profitability secured - Back to a demand >  -  2020 guidance will now be viewed as quite credible $TSLA
See you later at 
Health officials say the number of cases of a new type of viral pneumonia linked to a food market in China has risen to 44, an outbreak awakening fearful memories of the 2002-2003 SARS epidemic. 
It’s 2020 Australia is burning Italy is flooding Palestine hasn’t been freed There are Muslim concentration camps in China Flint still doesn’t have clean water We are entering World War 3 The ice caps are melting The hole in the ozone layer reached 6.3 million sq miles
Im trying to imagine if China invaded Mexico then Canada (as the US did to Iran by invading Iraq/Afgh) sanctioned the US, wrecking its economy then when the US responded by  a regional power via proxies every Chinese pundit became a sanctimonious scold about US aggression  …
Trump's China agreement is a fake deal  
“We have woken up to a more dangerous world”: France, Russia and China condemn killing of Soleimani as a destabilizing act.  …
In Q3, $tsla delivery report claimed “record net orders” and “an increase in our order backlog”. In Q4, $tsla claimed nothing, while noting it had in aggregate produced less China M3s than the weekly runrate announced a week ago . . . 
In 2015, #SalmanKhan Became The **1st Indian Actor** To Gross Record #1000Crore+ Worldwide In a Single Calendar Year With Just 2 Films Without China Release! 1. #BajrangiBhaijaan - 626 Crore 2. #PremRatanDhanPayo - 388 Cr. Total - 1014 Crore*! (1st Time Ever) 
Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral Zafar Mahmood Abbasi said the Coastal Command is fully ready for the security of Gwadar Port & #China #Pakistan Economic Corridor, at the annual Efficiency Competition Parade of #PakNavy Coastal Command in #Karachi today #PakistanArmedForces 
US killing of Soleimani could also be seen as a “green light” by other nations (Russia, China, India, North Korea) that it’s okay to assassinate political and military leaders who pose a threat (say, in Ukraine, Hong Kong, Pakistan, South Korea) to their “national security”…  …
Iran has an alliance with China and Russia, this was very calculated and intentional. This is part of the reason they banned abortions need new lives to replace the ones they are about to lose... but what do I know.
*China and Russia has entered the chat* 
#BTS Taehyung Cup Sleeve The event will be happening in Bubble Cha China Town Currently there is less than 30 people attending and that needs to be boosted Please share the event You can arrive at any time #HappyBirthdayTaehyung @BTS_twt 
One of the funniest thing I have read online is an Indian  India's economy with China and blaming Modi for the difference..
Jerome Cohen, the grandfather/godfather of China specialist lawyers, has featured the Open Letter to Carrie Lam on his blog Check it out here #StandwithHK #DemocracyforHK #HongKong @hk_watch  …
SecState Pompeo has called counterparts in China, Germany and Britain already to discuss Iran. Readout of each call has him describing strike on Soleimani as a defensive action.
1. Why? 2. How about Jared Kushner, as two of his jobs are a vague “bring peace to the Middle East” and a similarly vague “negotiate with China”. This would seem especially timely as Iran, Russia, and China are in the midst of war games in the Gulf of Oman.
Right now LisaBar 100% get tickets back in theirs hand and thank you very much everyone who understands and supports Lisa and BP. Let's send the best support to Lisa who participated in the china variety show for the first time
200103 - NYLON_CHINA weibo update #LISA #리사 #BLACKPINK #블랙핑크 
Sharing my favourite #shotonrealme pictures from the Global Photography Contest. These pictures have been shot by #realme users from India, China, Russia & Indonesia. Check out this  thread to know more.  
So if Lisa stans didn’t speak up Lisa bar will not be at Lisa’s first press conference in China, after they have waited all these years???!! The devil is a liar!!!! Thank you Lisa stans for being vocal about this mess and making them return the tickets! @BLACKPINK_Bar girl wyd
How to transport wind turbine blades in difficult terrain - Baoding mountain in Yunnan province, China [full video:  
Breathtaking view of China's "Snow Town," a popular tourist attraction in Heilongjiang 
Thousands continue to arrive at Edinburgh Place later in the evening. The protest is organised by the longstanding pro-democracy Professional Teachers' Union. #hongkong #hongkongprotests #antiELAB #china 
Former camp detainee says Kazakhstan plans to deport her to China at the latter's behest.  …
Speakers at the main stage  the current situation to China's Cultural Revolution, as teachers'  on social media  scrutinised by the government. #hongkong #hongkongprotests 
Ask the French about Pres. Obama's credibility after he abandoned red line enforcement while their jets were on deck. Or Australia/Netherlands after MH-17. Or China and Russia at any point between 2009-2016.  …
January 1st 2020: This is gonna be my year! Positive vibes! January 3rd 2020: ‘World War III’, ‘Russia and China’, ‘US and Iran’ and ‘ISIS’ are all trending on Twitter Me: 
On other hand. In China's Weibo. BIGBANG are still trending, and BIGBANG in Coachella have been read over 280M times!! While C-VIPs are celebrating by posting OT5 photos and enjoying an amazing news 
Chinese model Bingbing Liu by Jiaji Jin in ‘Named Red‘, InStyle China (January 2020) 
The idea that we should avoid confronting bad actors because they may further misbehave is pervasive in today’s establishment. It’s odd to me. We shouldn’t be afraid of what China and Iran will do if we confront them. We should be afraid of what they’ll do if we don’t.
All in all, Iran is a midsize power with obsolete planes and ships, and no real allies. Russia was okay with Israel bombing IRGC officers in Syria, and China doesn’t want to get involved in the Mideast. So it may turn nasty, but it’s no Sarajevo and there won’t be #WWIII just now
Tesla is now getting $41.1k for a made in China Model 3 SR+, vs $39.9k Fremont made. Depreciation cost is -60%, labor -75%, while 70% of the parts still have import tax of 6-20%. That goes away within 2020. Margin  to Fremont and going up, no efficiency gain required
Beautiful Sammi (was San San) settling into his new life here in the #UK. Sammi survived being trapped in #China they wanted to eat him, he got away but lost his leg. He is starting to live and we couldn't be more happy for him #dogbus #chinadog #survivor #adoptdontshop 
Everything from China’s artificial-intelligence firms to its Xinjiang gulags spread alarm across the world. Just as visible is US incoherent response—Both used to think they could both thrive; today each thinks that success means the other lot falls behind  …
So you discussed this with China before you briefed congress.
kinda scary reading some shocking news on the 1st week of 2020 • jakarta is drowning • china is claiming Natuna as theirs (indonesian army is ready for war) • WW3  well, happy new year.
me to china jisoo bar 
This BlackpinkBar to not giving LisaBar and Lisa's fans the ticket to attend Lisa's press conference for her very first event in China looks like the story of Cinderella.
China's Hong Kong government brutal crackdown freedom, democracy, Islam, Christianity and religions. Reagan and Kennedy are quoted. #StandWithHongKong #StandwithUyghurs #islam #christian #buddhist #hongkong #Uyghur 
I’m hearing China and Russia are backing Iran... with all due respect call me Yassen Gregorivich now
yixing has his own manager probably working w him at his studio in China but Korean members got 8 so
Look how US killed  Soleimani in a foreign territory. No excuses given. International law is jungle raj. Rule of the mighty. China too behaves similarly to Uyghur Muslims and in Hongkong. India should learn lesson from them while dealing with Pakistan.
44 people were infected with viral pneumonia, including 11 in serious condition, as of 8 am on Friday in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province. All the patients are being treated in quarantine. 
[WEIBO] NYLON_CHINA: © IntelBLACKPINK #BLACKPINK 
China's pneumonia outbreak: 44 infected, 11 in severe condition  …
No more daily reminders who America's enemies are, we already know: Iran! China! The Democrat Party! The mainstream media! 2 within, 2 outside! Time to deal with the.....within! #MAGA
China and Russia realising it won’t be them causing World War 3 #WWIII 
As concern spreads about China's detention of one milion Uighur and other Turkic Muslims for forced indoctrination, Jordanians participate in a protest in front of the Chinese embassy in solidarity with the victims. 
China, with 34 orbital launches in 2019, ranked No.1 for the second consecutive year. In 2020, China is expected to make 50 launches w/ space exploration missions, including China's first Mars mission, the lunar-sample-taking Chang'e 5 mission &etc. More:  .
China's Uighur Crackdown: 'The Holocaust Did Not Take Place in One Day'  
Muslim boxer Artur Beterbiev declined to fight in #China In solidarity with #Uyghur Muslims. #Uyghurs #EastTurkestan #Xinjiang #SaveUyghur 
So they allies is China and Russiawowwwwwww shit gettin crazy. 
[ALLKPOP] “BTS #JUNGKOOK claims two too KPOPstarz awards in China” It’s no wonder #정국 has been coined as the worldwide it boy. @BTS_twt Please  …
Impact is promotes #China strategic rivalry with US.: 1) builds influence Iran (Iran FM in Beijing this week 4th time in 2019; Iran, China, #Russia held joint naval drills in Gulf of Oman; Xi in June: boost Iran ties “no matter how the situation changes”) 2) distract US from Asia
What would say "coordinated propaganda" instead of "actual war" but this guy going to CHINA first to discuss the situation. 
Pakistan China Free Trade Agreement enters Phase 2. 
Ayooo, in China, we’re 8hrs ahead, so if WW3 happen, I’m sure as hell not telling you when 
* USA provokes Iran to trigger world war 3 * Russia and China: 
87yo Cardinal Zen speaking at the Teachers Rally, a true human rights hero who’s stood up for justice in #HK & China for decades. At Jan 1 march, he was soliciting donations for 612 Humanitarian Relief Fund for arrested protesters. Now the teachers. An inspiration. 
China is due to host the 2020 conference on biodiversity. Can it stop its own extinctions?  …
More evidence of what #China is doing to the #Uighur population in Xinjiang. Same story with Falun Gong followers A softer version of that is also being done to #Tibetans There is religious prosecution against all faiths Nobody is safe from the CCP #Chinese  …
Only the 3rd day of 2020 and these are top trends: 1. World War III 2. #WWIII 3. US and Iran 4. Russia and China 
#ZhaoLiying’s studio releases new behind the scenes vid of her photoshoot for H&M China! 
90% of the prescription drugs consumed in the US are generics, and the majority of them are produced overseas, mostly in India and China. Let's say you're a manufacturer looking to get in on America's $104 billion generic drug market. How best to proceed? 
Google, Facebook, Neuralink Sued for Genocide Complicity in China and Endangering Humanity with Misuse of AI. January 2nd 2020.  …
Nylon China 
Im sorry, was it China occupying Iraq? Sanctioning Iran? Killing Iranian military leaders? Bombing Iraq? Deploying troops into Iraq? Preparing for war with Iran? Because so many of y'all made it seem like the US cared about Muslim lives this past year and that China was the devil
Germany's exports to China in 2018 UK's exports to China in 2018 How will leaving the EU help, exactly? (each flag = $3 billion) *Source: UN Comtrade
But putting millions of Muslims in concentration camps will certainly resolve China's security concerns  …
[UPDATE] 200103 — NYLON_CHINA :  … #LISA #리사 #BLACKPINK #블랙핑크 
Perfect day for some tennis #Shenzhen #China 
$btc may pull 8000s if 7.5k bull flag breakout is safely reclaimed as support if you can't monitor market today often playing any aggressive swing may be recipe for failure imo Wouldn't be surprised if US-Iran expanded tensions repeated China tensions May 2019 impact on bitcoin 
Thanks as always to #China state media for this excellent addition to the prosecutors' files: #Muslim ethnic minorities not forced to work in Xinjiang - Global Times  … @hrw_chinese
What will Hong Kong look like in 2047 when it loses its status within China as a special autonomous region? Here's what protesters fear. More @business:  #HongKongProtests 
Official: Blizzard announced information about Seeding Tournament of Contenders China Season 1. From 1/6 to 1/12, 8 teams  in double eliminations bracket. Top 4 will go to Contenders and bottom 4 will go to Trials. 
#Iran #worldwar3 January 1st 2020: This is gonna be my year! Positive vibes! January 3rd 2020: ‘World War III’, ‘Russia and China’, ‘US and Iran’ and ‘ISIS’ are all trending on Twitter Me: 
- Australia is on fire - Muslims are being tortured & enslaved in China - Sudanese women are being harassed and gang-raped in the streets - US is being problematic as usual, disrespected Iran & now Iran is on edge - #worldwar3 is trending The whole world is in a state of chaos!
Extremely critical and vital will be the roles played by #Russia and #China now. They must urge the #UnitedNations and try and prevent a war on the cards now
Tesla cuts price of made-in-China Model 3, now ~$43,000 after incentives  … by @fredericlambert
#블랙핑크 #LISA #리사 #BLACKPINK CHINAThe scenery of Guangzhou is pleasant!! 
France, Russia and China condemn slaying of Soleimani as a destabilizing act  …
PAKISTAN’S PAC AND AVIC SIGN AGREEMENT TO CO-PRODUCE CHINESE COMMERCIAL AIRCRAFT Pakistan Aeronautical Complex (PAC) announced that it signed an agreement with the Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC) for the “co-production of  aircraft.” 
Benedict Rogers, founder of Hong Kong Watch, said that Prime Minister Boris Johnson must respond forcefully to China’s aggression See my quote in full in this article #StandwithHK #DemocracyforHK #Hongkong #StandwithUyghurs @hk_watch  via @BreitbartNews
January 1st 2020: This is gonna be my year! Positive vibes! January 3rd 2020: ‘World War III’, ‘Russia and China’, ‘US and Iran’ and ‘ISIS’ are all trending on Twitter Me: 
Waking up to see #wwlll, Russia and China, and dear Iran trending on the 3rd day of this new year 
Will the US get allies to fight this war with Iran? Forget globally, not even in the Middle East - Iraq, Syria, Qatar, Turkey and so on. Moreover, China and Russia have been waiting for this opportunity to see Trump in #Iran quagmire. End of An Empire!
This has to be killed. Facebook has  an enemy of Democracy. I’d trust China before I’d trust Facebook.  …
When I wake up and see WW3, Russia and China, Iran and Tom Heaton trending  …
