#PutTitsInFilms is trending.... .... couldn't agree more....
NLF is updated!!  …
 …
"Therefore, my dear brothers and sisters, stand firm. Let nothing move you. Always give yourselves fully to the work of the Lord, because you know that your labor in the Lord is not in vain." 1 Corinthians 15:58 #YAHUSHUA #JESUSCHRIST #JESUS #CHRIST #LORD #GOD #MNL48Alice 
Zimmer really punted down 3 scores in a playoff game lmfao.
Rick and Morty spray painting  
I have a Cake for Casey when she’s ready. From now on we giving out cakes for ppl if they make someone forfeit
Them say make you drink slim tea ........ You buy bread join am #WhatsApp 
The impeached fake president is now a Persian Tweeter....?? WTF?
istg there's probably thousands of ig ARMY'S that prob don't know BTS has  I'm voting for #BoyWithLuv by @BTS_twt as #BestMusicVideo at the #iHeartAwards Boy with Luv
This is pod 
“there is no sweeter innocence than our gentle sin” and “are you calling me a sinner” sit at opposite ends of the gay catholic guilt scale
Hey all! 2 More amazing Patriots to follow @I_Am__NRA & @stevenfbuss #MAGA #KAG #PatriotsUnite #Trump2020 #WWG1WGA #IFB
We are celebrating our first birthday of 2020 with a victory over Elizabeth Seton! Join us in wishing our very own @coach_marshall3 a very special Happy Birthday!! @coachE_Calhoun #bmacladyhoops  – at Bishop McNamara High School
Gentlemen in real life Vs CaptainGalxy Memes on the 
bro you broke the reception record just to sit on your couch and live tweet a vikings game
If those who were hyperventilating last week are silent today, they ain’t on the side of the people of the region. They got other agendas. #IranianProtests  …
One of these guys will get better in the playoffs. The other won't Chasing MVP's  …
@realDonaldTrump @bbusa617 “CNN needs a new CEO who  in and turn over some of its staff. This isn't news, it isn't entertainment...it is just sad at this point.”- @AHawkfire Well said Hawkfire .. @CNN is just pitiful at this point.. watch  …
Enchanted, 
#UttarAndhra Day1 #SyeRaa - 4.7cr #Baahubali2 - 4.5cr #Saaho - 4.35cr #SarileruNeekevvaru ~4cr
New revamp created by the legend himself! 
“Feel at home, Feel at home ” next thing you are already opening stew pot... are u being followed?
He hates black women. I’m not surprised. Him and his little friend group. I feel like he posted this KNOWING how his little fan base would react. Sick
It’s your midnight menstrual education class: (Spoiler: women in your life who have painful periods are suffering in many other ways they are not probably not  …
HEAT !! @NeedforSpeed Just got my Lancer , let’s rock !! | | | @TwitchReTweets @ShoutRTs @SmallStreamersR @SupportStreamz @TwitchSharing @SGH_RTs @TwitchSharing #SupportSmallStreams #SmallStreamerCommunity 
The Browns can have Stefanski. Way to repay the team that kept you around for over 10 years through 3 coaching staffs.
I got diagnosed! I'm a good 
because I’m broke I should now  …
I don't have any problems with my name. Other people have problems with  …
I need to be writing out my business plan .
Logan peeps: if you ever need to know what sardine canyon conditions are like, here’s a link. Everytime you refresh it shows you a new photo of the streets, and if you scroll down it tells you what the signs say (4x4 & chains only, closed, etc)  …
For the libbies that scream discrimination all the time, this is a textbook example. Hollywood couldn't have done a better  …
People keep pointing out Uraraka has two right hands, no, that’s her pinky pressed against shoto’s back. I’m sorry I’m not very good with hands and I’m trying my best. But yeah  …
It will be open on 3/20 for the Lakers game and we're gonna live it up
Best thing about kickin it with ur parents is they take u to eat wherever u want
I was in creative for 6 hours, no one ask me to play
I'd simply impregnate her and have her stay home knitting/cooking while I work and only have her leave the home to attend church
JUST NOW... IN PUERTO RICO ANOTHER 4.9 MAGNITUD EARTHQUAKE!!!! WHEN WILL THIS END DEAR GOD!!!
Hey educators, this interview with  on the @WiredEducator Podcast is absolutely incredible! #KidsDeserveIt and  …
WOW this is pretty. who needs filters when ur TALENTED 
Why is it that the only diseases that keep resurfacing are the ones we have vaccines for? If vaccines were truly effective and necessary, why haven’t we been wiped out by scarlet fever or typhoid? No vaccines for those, just proper sanitation & clean drinking water.
streets telling me that you deleted this tweet and the jets have been 10-21 since. thoughts?  
Sober at a wrestling show is not a good choice
Je suis toute trempée but I’m so happyyyy right 
You should’ve texted Sean this at halftime when Peat was getting the brakes beat off his  …
kpop room update 
I think Jamal Khashoggi disagrees...
Pumped for these updates, I can’t trade without   …
I hate how emotional I get sometimes I’m literally fine one moment and in tears the next
Just like to confirm, Dyche in! Nowhere near close to wanting him gone #twitterclarets
please don’t hurt me 
we 3-0 @ThirdImpactGG ggs. revenge for mayhem :D
Gretzky??? Never. You really don’t know anything about hockey.
Having black women to plug for 
i finally finished my first independent film in almost 2 years this morning. watched it and then cried it was a long journey this one. but we did it
Last stream of the week! Gonna talk about the aftermath of the Hot Ones stream yesterday as well as improvements for next time! Then, onto some more kick ass action in @Marvel #SpiderManPS4  
Congratulations to former Flames student-athlete, administrator and Hall of Fame member, @TmTonton55, on her @UICWBB jersey retirement today! @uicflames 
Back in September, Prime Minister Scott Morrison told the United Nations that the climate change debate was subjecting Aust children to “needless anxiety”. A few weeks later, Australia began to burn. It’s been burning for months, with no end in  …
Just be a man about  …
nope I ain’t doing this shit no more

The light of my life. Finally finishing up all the sets of photos I took over the last two weeks. We’ll be heading off somewhere else tonight, but I’m not quite sure where 
all plant based :’) so 
If Karzai is  by Afghan Ambassador, why there is no coverage by our HC in UK of the meeting  …

Serious question is cum vegan 
they are so pretty 
this is amazing. I hope they work on this further because the feeling is unexplainable being able to be synced to a song that means to you the most even when you’re not able to attend a concert and i hope everyone gets to have such an experience
Snuggle butt Frankie #CatsOfTwitter 
Definitely a bit different racing here in Australia @thebend_msp & @AsianLMS this driving style is a tad 
This team did what to New 
Kind of like the National Flood Insurance  those that live in cities that built on flood  …
. @nhl I DONT CARE THAT THE ASG IS IN ST LOUIS. I KNOW AND YOU KNOW THAT CALE MAKAR GOT MORE VOTES THAN DAVID FUCKING PERRON
Oh by the way ... just posted a new video on my OnlyFans ... take a look boys  
Honestly the Vikings would be better off punting on first down and saving clock
Niggas get a haircut and put a hat on afterwards, I will never understand that
So many saying they’re sorry for @victor_font: from the very start he said that Xavi would one day  Barça manager no matter the president. We know they’re but if you think Font’s campaign is simply focused on one (or any individual) man, you’re wrong.
WE WILL CHANGE THE WORLD. 
So since I got a new harness, I am now looking to sell my old one. I almost never wear it at cons. Looking for $150 plus shipping. Has crotch strap thats removable and a collar as well! Pls dm if 
I don’t like getting to know a new person all over again
There's no end to the corruption in that family.
Congratulations to the 6 students from Socorro HS at Area today. Way to represent! And an extra special congratulations to the two students who qualified for the 6A All-State Bands! Jesse Hernandez (Clarinet) & Andrew Arciniega (Flute) @MMoomaw_SISD @Socorro_HS 
Me dropping videos of me and shawty in the group message after I told them I wasn’t fuckin with her nomo the other day.  …
BIG MOOD 
hey guys. just got a cat from the petstore and it hasn’t meowed all day? maybe it speaks spanish idk 
Egg: scrambled for breakfast, fried for dinner. W/ or w/o veggies Steak: medium Milk: whole! Alcohol: red wine Warm drink: Coffee, hazelnut creamer (the yellow  …
Dennis' Moment and Mr Freeze Work at Gulfstream  @BH_CCrosby 
Guh rewatching jib10 and I forget how lovey J2 are to e/o, like seriously, I’m not making this up they got it bad
i’m luxurious as shit today 
Nine drives, seven 3-and-outs. Total embarrassment.
There have been severe thunderstorms warnings along the entire line as it's moved east. Expected 50-60 mph winds in the line across the entire area. Yes, this includes your town, county, and location. #cltwx #ncwx 
Should I do a Mexico 3u freebie tomorrow? This season I won’t have many but i got you guys with one more. Just let me know
It's easier said than done
The time  @OldTakesExposed, take me in. Leave @danorlovsky7 and @Bcarp3 alone, they’re good men. I’ll die alone. #Niners 
next time you ride with  …
ALMOST FAMOUS starts with the sounds of a needle drop and then that crackling sound a record makes just before the first song plays and it is *chef's 
I know my son would benefit from a @BernieSanders presidency. That he would never worry about the cost of seeing a doctor, that he would never have to worry about where we're going to live like I did, and would graduate college like I didn't.
All the Weapons (This is a little 
Yeah, I'd vote for 
really loved @BernardaraJr's demonic incantation of mass murder (including jacking off to Autechre) in 'America', and i  all my friends to get 
Twist and shout 
& i have never been wrong...not  …
Tomorrow let’s get #ConradIsACunt trending.
The British ambassador to Iran has been arrested — and the U.S. State Department says the arrest "violates the Vienna Convention, which the regime has a notorious history of violating"  
A social cliimber will not leave a palace to find a job to  financially independent. Take a seat somewhere or keep staying pressed.
Who Tryna Buy This Account? DMs Open 100+ 
Now watching 
The hope is he will be available for the Everton  …
Can someone start a thread on how to get a sugar daddy?
most people are wigging out about the cow land (rightly) but my eye is on 100 largest land-owning families
Please help me shower @WolfSkullJack  at how amazing she and her art is. We are currently in  battle and I need your help.  …
Congratulations to the Farmington Central HS Cheerleaders on claiming the ICCA Championship!!!! Great job 
Please exercise caution if out driving tonight due to localized flooding, specifically Water St bwtn Carnagie & Marina Blvd
PLEASE consider following @AnneLouiseAvery as a gift to yourself for 2020. It's SO lovely & will make you twitter feed & day  …
Justin Bieber's Yummy Music Video received 6,782,537 views on YouTube in the past yesterday. The video now also has now surpassed 50.6 MILLION views and 2.5M likes on the platform just 7 days after its release! Congrats, @justinbieber Stream 
UPDATE: Missing Chicago 16-year-old who disappeared Wednesday found safe  
Exile the shotgun bully pt.1 
NYC DSA is running a slate of 5 candidates for the NYS legislature. Midnight *tonight* is the first deadline to report their fundraising progress, a critical time to prove their viability. Donate before midnight! Help us win a GND!!  
It's Sunday and you are probably looking for a pose style, say no more, we got you 
I remember Ernie Accorsi telling me that to build a championship team, you needed 1. QB 2. LT 3. "As many pass rushers as you can find" Everytime I watch the #49ers DEF, all I can think about is "As many pass rushers as you can find"
I’m a wild and crazy sky! 
The position has been expanded to also deal  around solar farms. Is set to continue for another 3 years I believe. Still no one has found any conclusive proof that wind or solar farms cause health problems.
Host1: Let's give him a little hard time. Host2: Yes, fans request. Everyone wants to see your five continuous snapshots. So, #LiXian tries his best and he makes 5 poses. #李现 
Got bout 200 songs in my new 
Reminded of the Alan Partridge line about how his broad taste in music was exemplified by his Ford Mondeo having a 6-disk auto changer with CDs ranging all the way from Dire Straits to Chris  …
the sword of  …
Make Iran Great  …
Onision invited him to his house at one point. He said, "Come by and sit down with me nad we'll have a chat," He took him up on that offer and Onision bailed.
so cute and 
Why are you so sassy
Love to punt at midfield down by 17 with less than 10 minutes to go in a playoff game
Come on folks, get this up to just 400 Likes Retweets for the next game. Let's reveal this slip... #teamWISE  …
Reborn is a perfect song
Say it with me... #Canucks Twitter is a force that cannot be stopped when united. You can only hope to contain  …
The Brand The Owner  
Ride a horse, fuck a cowboy 
Averaging 48.3 yards/punt today. But, again, when your punter is your MVP, it's a bad  …
Prince William reveals 'sadness' at the broken bond with Prince Harry  @MailOnline
It's almost go time! We take the stage at 7:39. Send those positive vibes our way!!! #owlpower @OWNovacekOWLS @joshumphrey 
GRiMEFEST TRACK OF THE DAY: @MeSoWobbly x  …
i think we should all stan yerin 
Here’s my embarrassing position   …
HATE being ignored that shit just hit a different  …
Thank you to everyone who donated in support of Megan they are almost at their goal of 5k goal for funeral expenses.  …
Only in New York... pretty 
Sidenote: he's also never faced a fraction of the backlash Kristen Stewart's faced for her entire career since sparkly vampire movies.
Did anyone really doubt it? Congrats to @DP_57! Can’t wait for All-Star week in St. Louis.  …
As suspected Morrison has the ADF delivering fkn BEER over essentials so he can play the true blue Aussie hero who saved everyone from The Pub With No Beer disaster The ADF were rolled out to help him, not bushfire impacted towns #AustralianFires #VICfires  …
I'm angry at my government because it respects noones sovereignty.I'm angry that US constantly provokes  war crimes,and spends millions on weapons of destruction.I'm angry that my son doesn't know who or what to beleive anymore.I however, have much hope.  …
just one 
This is the flag being given out to each fan at tonight’s Ravens-Titans 
Chelsea Fire dispatcher @paulkoolloian announces the retirement of #Firefighter Ruben Villanueva and thanks him for 30 plus years of service @ChelseaFire_MA Congratulations Firefighter Villanueva, on your retirement and thank you for your service! Enjoy your 
wooyoung just picks so many fights for being 5’8 on a generous 
Bowen Haney takes a pass from Sam Bowling and jams 
Ever since I said I'm a revert I get at least four dms with a marriage proposal or a link to God knows what DAILY. I'm so sorry if I'm ignoring a friends message but I'm just staying out of that entire section  …
tell me u cappin 
Signal Henry to get Ben to  …
Crab said Cut the heat! 
Pavle gives the Govs the lead! 
You talk to kush every night and thats ab  …
When I see @KirkCousins8, see a QB: 1/who's at same spot on every drop back 2/who's afraid to take game into own hands w/aggressive audibles/QB runs 3/who thinks being paid to be just another member of team who's role is fielding play calls, handing off & tossing occasional pass
The Headline. The Headliner.  
You're worth it. Sana alam mo yan.
it's sad how someone can replace you, sometimes it feels like they faked everything, loyalty is getting low, watch out for your safetY
Sneak peek of Valentine's Day courtesy of @cgarza1027!! I can't wait to set this up with  book collection! @jurneesmollett #BirdsOfPrey 
when bts drop an mv mv  …
Food is a right Housing is a right Healthcare is a right Clean water is a right A safe and livable planet is a right A job that pays a livable wage is a right Being treated with equal dignity under the law is a right These things aren’t radical beliefs, pass it on. #Bernie2020
You have done so much to help  over the years — and to help change it’s politics for the better. The people who live here know @ChristyforCA25. They know your longstanding humane and progressive values. Stay positive. With you all the way. #CA25
see you tonight 
why is there always a new chicken  …
I’ve been single for 2 years, haven’t had sex in 2 years and three months and yuh think mi mek things bother me?
we’re called locals here in  …
That look you give someone who only wants a fight... What’d you think of CATWOMAN 
So why is no one holding him to account? Why does he continue without consequences? I’m so sick of it. Trump gets richer, regardless of laws and  …
Lady Luck is a Jack Thriller level bad host.
I'm curvy and I like chocolate and fat people stuff.
Side note: “muscular” is really the tell here. There is nothing actually more cowardly and wimpy than bombing, destabilizing, and destroying countries that can’t fight back — “traditional US interventionism” since Vietnam. But that makes DC weenies feel “muscular.”
Hwasa world domination i think
Not tah-day!!!!  …
You know what’s good in the mornin aside from breakfast
I hate being moved to in public man. I get mad anxiety
yes i do the cooking, yes i do the 
Someone said Deku had a whole ass Hospital on his back I’m done 
2 years ago #StanaKatic Ig ' Bring family, a friend, a frenemy and bring your eyeballs. #CantWaitToHearYouThrowDownTheories PS. Love the artwork, #AbsentiaFam ! Keep  ' 1 : @sciokkyhuddy83 2 : @iges2u 3 @martinabramini  
Why, when faced with an influential man’s death, would someone have to post about hating their music? I mean, what kind of joyless existence is that? Or it this what passes as ‘edgy’ these days?
OK so based on some events in my life over the past couple of weeks, I have some thoughts around skills/tricks that are needed as a Data Analyst / DBA. I’m self-taught, so may have a different perspective than others, but these are what I stress with anyone who I mentor 1/14
CLEMSON IS UNDEFEATED IN CHAPEL HILL THIS DECADE  …
This is trash journalism and newsone needs to do better. Also the phrasing is to signify that is is not for White people at all. But why actually do reporting. ‘People Of Color Are  Elizabeth Warren’s Chicago Volunteer Flyer Demolished On  …
Sometimes the most unexpected people take up the most space in your heart. Friends with people I never thought I’d be friends with and I honestly wouldn’t have it any other way.
i have 

First time drawing bowser #bara #gay #muscle #monster 
SAME!!!! 
They lost to Case Keenum and Cousins. Ouch.
47 got me out here trying to prove I still got something I ain’t got no business trying to have. #knowwhentosityoassdown 
thought i'd put some colour on this too cuz they're 
Beto always triggers mediocre white journabros like @JakeSherman. Their jealously and projection is bizarre. @BetoORourke nearly flipped a state that hasn’t elected a Dem statewide in decades, and helped flipped dozens of Fed and state races bc of his massive turnout  …
Vikings offensive line 
NO NO NO !! (Yes 
nothing more annoying than sending someone a snap 3hr ago (that hasn’t been opened) and them posting on their story
MUST PROTECT TOY FROM 
Arthur Streeton (Australian 1867-1943) is best known for his oils, but he also painted in watercolor. #watercolor #warart #watercolour  
#40yearschallenge : Does anyone have the balls to show like this challenge any actors in the world . Open challenge . 
Lost Dutchman Wilderness Area, Phoenix AZ, (oc) [1407x1758] [ @jakob_lr] - 
That Best Buy lady still out there? She'd be an immediate upgrade at any spot on the Vikings OL
Thankyouu 
. @WeBuildtheWall wins butterfly lawsuit! WATCH the beginning of the Wall being built in McClellan, Texas! 
A women had her phone taken from her bag at Tottenham court station.. they catch the guy who took her 
Senior Iranian Commander Bragged of Unilateral Authority to Shoot Down Planes: This is who the treasonous Democrats are siding with against us. Savages.  
Choose your weapon Cheese Or Pineapple with onion (not my idea was 
Goodnight my darlings. A big thank you to everyone who submitted pics and showed their love on my dad bod post. They're still rolling in so please don't think I'm ignoring  or dms, I'll check back in the morning. 
"To the toxic forces viciously devouring female ambition, Elizabeth Warren shrugs, and says, “Welp,” with   …
Amazingly, we've raised $3,584 from 71 donors for @JabariBrisport @phara4assembly @MarcelaforNy @BorisSantosBK @ZohranKMamdani. We have five hours until the deadline. Can we get to 85 donors and $4,000? If you haven't yet, would you give each $1 tonight?  …  
Kevin Stefanski calling plays like he’s trying to convince the Browns not to offer him the job.
Bruno Fernandes to Man Utd is  A deal wasn't announced today as both clubs involved had games. It should  by Sunday or Monday with money + players involved. #MUFC
The #Vikings are down by 3 scores with 9 minutes left in the fourth quarter of a single-elimination playoff game and PUNTING on 4th and 14.
Football Banquet about to start. Looking forward to honoring the 2019 Football Team 
Boost> @easilymoved @Stand2getherAll @thumperftw @AuntMichelle77 @StopCra @dem_donkey @DumboRat4000 @lwsfldmn @JeepersMedia @marvelouss @WooleyHeidi @dianeraucher @beachloverr52 @karen3678 @DuclosJeanMarc1 @American4Love @Eric_Thepullbox @KarrieK817 @NickCarlin6 @MelindaSGable
Dem invite you for sleepover You go bedwet
Friend: “I’m fucked up” Me: “I’m fucked up too” My favorite moment
4 first downs. 81 total yards. Can't imagine Haslam walks away from this impressed with Kevin Stefanski.
Wine (water) for my men, we ride at dawn
Former foster father faces charges of raping kids in his care and possessing child p-rn. Again, the system to protect children is placing them with pedophiles. State governments need to improve their staffing and scrutiny practices. #AnOpenSecret  …
stop tellin’ hoes they’re hoes, hoes know they hoes.
But not the reunion ending the entire planet asked for...and was bait-switched into believing they would finally get. Quite manipulative, IMHO. @CBSTVStudios employs BOTH actors. Don't understand why they couldn't pull out all stops to make it happen.  …
hopefully the faze guys dont mind me joining this time
Congratulations to our first batch of 
no one care but.. first time i last time i drew zayn drew 
Bring That Thunder!!! "All Request Saturday Night w/ Kenny Kidd" STARTS NOW!!! Only on  & @985WNCX 216-578-1985 #RIPNeilPeart #NotherBeer #Kiddiots #Horns 
So I’m here in Philly and I’m so confused on which one to try 
Nicolas Cage and Matt Dillon in Rumble Fish 
New Decade starting off with a bang by Justin Bieber begging his IG followers to download a VPN and stream his new song Yummy “at a low 
stop flirting and fuck already 
Really do wish I hadn't pissed my 20s away. Always thought I'd make up for it in my 30s. Nope. Don't do it, kids.
2016-17 Russ is dominating CP3 21-3. It’d be very generous to even give CP3 more than 3  …
Done talking to anyone who isn’t subscribed  
2020 Sum 2 prove  – at Henry J. Kaiser High School
Not only does May make amazing predictions, she also makes incredible  …
Red Velvet's Joy posts pictures with Wendy on her  …
#IMPOTUS using the powers of the United States the way a crime syndicate extorts small businesses
The Gang Goes to Sully @adanooope @__hannah_yo 
why are you posting pictures of my home? thats private
A more realistic image of what the “affected area” looks like. Son unos MENTIROSOS e INSENSIBLES.  
You are unbelievable. If we’re being honest the best wing spot is in the Lakeshore mall. Deli  …
Just realized I gotta talk to my crush to date 
Benefits of Prickly Pear Seed Oil for the Skin and Hair - Introducing #Organic #PricklyPearSeedOil #Skincare #Serum hashtags  
This game is really fun. Russ played well despite poor FG% and attacked the rim relentlessly. Harden got his groove back. Gordon shot it well from 3. Harty legit dominated, proving he should always play. Benny did his thing. House finally broke out of the slump, it seems.
sometimes you just too real for some people
This is precisely why I decided to find as much local hidden  …
Congratulations to the SWAMPRATS for sweeping a Tri-meet today. Nottingham beats Notre Dame 66-12, and SHUTS OUT WWPS 81-0. Getting better everyday! #ridethebroom
If you have the privilege of having something good, hold onto it
"I biased a right person, I BIASED A RIGHT PERSON!!!" Say it 
RED WONTonights look is inspired by @Divinadecampo and an Instagram poll too... @SuperstarBoudoi im on my way! 1am till late! Pop in of your about have a boogie and a drink! 
She is way too under scrutinized. Her trademarks, her relationship with Wendi Deng, relationship with Christopher Steele, her sweat shops, her WH role are all under reported. She faces no pushback, no accountability. She's as good as her dad at burying scandals.
A follow-up to MILSTAR, AEHF provides 10 times the throughput of the 1990s-era Milstar satellites with a substantial increase in coverage for 
Nawa o, some of you now use nudes to shoot shot. Oluwa wetin dey...?
 … IMPOSSIBLE LYRIC VID OUT 
grow up and listen to some house
If you're Cleveland, and seeing this...
Tomorrow I’ll be in Mexico living my best life... can’t wait to see my girlfriends I miss them so much
MUST WATCH  …
Mitch Marner selected over Alexsander Barkov for the Atlantic last man in for the 2020 All Star Game. Popularity contest prevails over actual reality but good news that Barkov gets a week of rest. 
Hi my name is Cait! I will be having my first valentine’s day themed candle update on 1/18 @3pm est - but here is some of my previous work my shop is  
Here’s a look at one of the top 2023s in the country in Braden  (FL). Explosive bat speed, drives the ball through extension, some of the best raw pop in the class. Good athlete too & ran a 6.9 tonight; elite skill set for a ‘23.  @PowerBSB 
JUST IN: US calls on Iran to apologise for detaining British ambassador
If I love you I make sure to tell you .
HELLO!!!!! ⁱ’ᵐ ʳᵒᵇᵉʳᵗ ᵈᵒʷⁿᵉʸ 
Friends of Como Athletics (FOCA) hosting the St. Paul Winter Classic outdoor hockey event at North Dale Rec Center. A memory-making day for 8 high school girls’ teams each season. St. Paul Sibley @stphsriveters playing in the final game v. Minnehaha. 
As we wrap up The Power of Perception this week, one last area of focus is our ability to see unwanted behaviors as missing skills. Learn more in this free webinar with Certified Instructor Abbi Kruse:  #iHeartCD #powerofperception 
Roy is falling on his sword here but it wasn’t Roy who couldn’t break a press even though I’d bet UNC works on that regularly.
Love you, but you stay 
I’ve taken 12 PhD seminars @SEBTS that Southern Baptist would not only approve of, but applaud. I experienced a  to Scripture & inerrancy, hermeneutical precision, doctrinal  & more. The most conservative among us would be proud.  …
so @RandyMCombs and I were together for 22 years before adopting cats. We have 2 now. If you are waiting, stop. Get some kitties. They are amazing. 
WE WIN 3-0 AGAINST @ThirdImpactGG . ABSOLUTELY HYPED AND SUPER PROUD OF EVERYONE. GGS TO THEM WE GO AGAIN TOMORROW!!!
I’m not reading the manga so idk what they skipped but I don’t care cause I got to see this boy and theses faces and it rekindled my love for him all over 
Today was supposed to be the first day of our honeymoon. Due to tornados in TX, Ty’s plane was grounded & we didn’t make our flight. The silver lining is Ty gets to watch the @49ers! Happy husband happy wife right? That’s how the saying goes? 4th quarter, let’s go! 
Art will stagnate if everyone just blindly accepts things. If someone doesn't like a new production, for whatever reason, that discussion is good and ultimately beneficial to art as a whole.
So bears fans can’t talk shit to the Vikings becaus they went farther in the playoffs then we did? Where do some of y’all bears  from? I don’t give a damn if we went 1-15 and they took a L in the Super Bowl. IM CLOWNING THEIR ASSES!!!!
I dey my guy side for Lekki. I just go chill small #WhatsApp #WhatsApp 
We supported the War Powers resolution led by @RepSlotkin to rein in the president's ability to conduct military operations against Iran without the authorization of Congress, applauded its passage, and are encouraging a similar vote in the Senate.   …
“You don’t look Filipino” Tf am i suppose to look like then? KWEK  …
us talking shit about scott vs when he finds out 
LSU made history in the Chick-Fil-A Bowl ( #CFBPlayoff) - Total TD’s (Burrow, 8) - First Half Pass Yards (403) - REC TD’s (Jefferson, 4) - REC yards (Jefferson, 227 - Points scores in 1st half (49) - Points scored (63) - Offensive yards (692) Can’t wait for the game 
cole the best
Well worth $30!!! Thanks for the heads up 
 tabs do these steps 1. follow @blynkaholic 2. like & retweet 3. reply to this tweet with youtube link choosing winner in 6 hours gl 
My wife showed me this photo and pointed to me. So I slid to the other side of the couch to pout about it on Twitter. Enneagram 4’s show 
Suddenly I sea The Sydney Harbour, with the Sydney Opera House and the Sydney Harbour 
i really have no choice but to stan  …
"Buddhism teaches us that we are a part of the Universe. We are not isolated entities but elements in a system – a grand system that is reflected in every small part; in every being.
the brand the owner  
unemployed roll call 
Since the new year I’ve had 5 amazing people join my protest against the cruelty towards migrants. Let’s keep this growing! Maybe you can join once a week, a month or just when you’re free. Nonpartisan, nonviolent protest at Pioneer Courthouse Square M-F 10-11 am S-S 12-1pm
Isn’t it crazy how all Lola Star had to do was shut the fuck up and she wouldn’t be in this situation  …
stan twitter vs irl  
Oh you know I gotta post more kaley face 
rt if you ever stole from the khajiit chest 
I GAVE MY MOM $100 FOR EACH BEER PONG CUP SHE MADE IN 3 MINUTES • full video link in my bio tag a friend and 
On a brighter note, Wolves only down 31
Congrats to you and @SirajAHashmi!!
H-how is stopping kids from watching porn homophobic? Is this troll or something? Jesus Christ....... 
don’t be classist to own the  …
When u know better you glo 
Is this event still going down a couple weeks from  …
Thank you Sheila! True Blue Beautiful meme! @MotorCitySue1 @T36551689 @dontdisthemiss @k9kutter64 @AuntMichelle77 @zimney_leanna @snowstormyou @msvespa @PPersnickety @PPersnickety @PetraMcCarron2 @SlickVicUno2 @NIMHrat @Brunwatching @puzzlepeaces 
Ya Allah, forgive my brothers & sisters for their sins & save them from the hellfire, the trials of this life & punishment of the grave
San Francisco is really good. They got a lead and the DL uncorked. Vikings offensive gameplan has been extremely disappointing. Feels like a heavy hand from  …
i don’t text (nobody) back consistently unless i’m in love.
Like the tide to the moon , I can't resist his gravity...
#1 Speed Mistake By Athletes & Coaches Speed training is very skill specific - high velocity movement patterns at the tippy top of the CNS spear. Your goal is to get ~1% better in these workouts. If speed training  conditioning, you are not training to get faster.
My only tattoo. It’s dedicated to a cow that was killed because of the dairy industry. She was assigned this number and I gave her this 
ok since i got a lot of new mooties sup dis me n i don’t tolerate canyon moon slander 
You, and you alone, are the keeper of the key to my heart. #DisneySaveAnnE @disney @agneschu @RickyStrauss @RobertIger @ABCNetwork @hulu @disneyplus  …
It’s colder in LA than it is in New York today, throwing the entire Boring Complaint industry out of balance
Re Morrison/Speers interview. Said to me and I think true. #liarfromtheshire does not do interviews with unfriendly interviewers , so i do not know why people expected ex-sky hack Speers would be putting pressure on Morrison to answer questions!
Over 1.8k new followers in the last 4 weeks, probably all due to threadapalooza. Very suspicious. 4x normal growth rate. Who the heck are all you people? How did you find me? Why are you following me? Consider unfollowing if you don’t have a reason you can remember 
the iphone calculators were inspired by this iconic braun calculator design by dieter rams from  …
run screen sack punt run screen sack punt run screen sack punt run screen sack punt run screen sack punt run screen sack punt run screen sack punt run screen sack punt run screen sack punt
MS. MURK FORFEIT HER THIRD ROUND. THIS IS THE BIGGEST BODY OF 2020 SO FAR.
With 8:59 to play, the Vikings are still at four first downs for the day (and none in the second half). They have 81 offensive yards for the day.
Updating again ... Stefon Diggs' touchdown: 41 yards. Other 32 plays: 40 yards.  …
After 50 years, Barry (third row from bottom, second from left) decided he would be better off leaving the other 27 members of the white helmets display team and going it alone. Good luck 
So I got really high and drew 
Absolutely 
I am happy for a lot of people, including guys like @PSikes21 . But I am REALLY happy that @TimBourret was there to see that and call the game. Tim has meant so much to me in my career, and for him to be there is the best.
miss sherburn after saw there were no bases under  …
Wait....I thought it was the REPUBLICANS who were the racist bad guys?  …
Socialism can have a little barbarism, as a  …
so 
Kittle is pumping up the crowd in between the break
I’m Live doing a very special charity stream for  by and Hang out! It’s going be fun!!  
FINAL | DAE CALLS GAME! Adderley nails a clutch lay-up and that Bobcats WIIIIIIIIN! #STUHoops // 
January 11th: @AlanMakHavant, re-elected as the Conservative MP for Havant 
At what point will the Vikings go for it on 4th down trailing by 3 scores ? 2 punts already in 4th quarter Unreal
I don’t mind if you killed everyone! I cant hear their screaming them over my heart beating for you anyways! Let’s fuck up the entire world together until there’s nothing left!!!! Out-yandere your yandere girlfriend. ((Doodled for fun, don’t kill people )) 
In case you missed our big news yesterday, we’ll be attempting our first NASCAR Cup Series race, the #Daytona500 Read more here  …
If you see this tweet you are now obligated  your favorite Michael Jackson 
I want more bungo stray dog moots and bnha moots so pls like/retweet this so I can make some new moots -boku no hero academia -bungo stray dogs -fire force -demon slayer -given -any anime tbh
Starters for vs. : Rask Krug-Carlo Marchand-Bergeron-Pastrnak
Stop pretending to like people and then talk shit behind their back 2020
3 hours left in my shift and im taking 3 
be honest do you skip 
If someone told me Valverde  back after the team visits Saudi Arabia, I would have bet the Saudis caught him fucking Rakitic.
Gays exiting the club at 
Me and @gcornelius803 after meeting with @TomSteyer and him telling us his reparations plan is in the works and #ADOS is going to have a seat at the table. Tru  …
I’ve been trying to keep myself off social and read paper books today, but I need @Astro_Limno, @bendawson258, @WilliamsWrite and @spacenerd19 to see this truck. Y’all. It’s the Venn sweet spot of my favorite things: old trucks, national parks, Fiestaware blue, big mammals. 
It’s going 
Did Ms Murk just QUIT???
There are moments as a parent where it takes everything for you not to laugh at your children. Jayden has edge control on her 
Why would an innocent man need to... ...intimidate witnesses? ...sue to keep his tax returns hidden? ...refuse to disclose his tax returns? ...order federal employees to not testify? ...transfer official government business to a secret server? ...tell more that 50k 
Sarah - This is illegal - breaking the EWTD- time to report your institution to HSE headquarters @paulreiddublin
Make sure you got a picture representing a sharp mind, a strong body, and an aligned spirit on that vision board along with those dope houses, cars, and money bags. Wholistic everythang.
It shouldn’t be hard for the judges to mark the routine they see and not take into account the previous routine !!!!!! #NCAAGym
Except it’s Persian. This proves I’m a very stable genius.
Saw it last night same reaction. Jr.High and HS students should have this part of their curriculum, too.  …
if a demon was stuck in my body i simply would sing yummy by justin bieber in my head and it would leave
BUCKNER SAID LET SWEEP THIS BULLSHIT OFF MY FIELD 
Nerves officially kicking in.
Interesting 
The one weak me #WhatsApp people on WhatsApp are just cracking me 
stream 
eyes, lips, face, 
He should be released, treated for his injuries and torture and  #Guantanamo  …
How we take the ice tonight 
Yeah #OgunTwitterHangout was filled with embarrassing trash but the moment I see one  to say trash about Yoruba people, I will make sure you cry before you go to bed. Me I can fight oh it's not only words I know. Do not fucking mess with my tribe I'll cut a bitch.
me when i lose my jungkook  …
me at the thought of ever meeting joshua 
George Kittle is hyped and firing up the crowd
The plane shot down by the cruel militant leader of Iran had 16 university students on board. Protestors are calling for their leader to step down. Iranians want freedom from their oppressed gov. Prayers are going out for these ppl.
I’m getting my whole body done & idc what novody say. life is too short I would be so sad if I died and never experienced life w a fat ass I just refuse
All I want is somebody to watch movies with on nights like tonight
You’re on the couch bro so.......
If you go out on the weekends are you more likely to go out on Friday night or Saturday night?
The Vikings have 60 yards on 24 pass plays. How on earth did the Saints lose to these bums?
I’m proud to say that after a week of feeling overwhelmed, intimidated, and insecure, I’ve finally started writing my thesis... just a paragraph but I’ve entered the writing phase FINALLY
I can’t wait to have my own home!!
To celebrate our release we did a guest mix for @3000BASS featuring our own originals, tracks from  and a few from the  …
First 6 months this year buy things you need and not want
Yes, experience tells us that the investment wouldn’t otherwise go to the north but to a project in the South, say Crossrail 2, which is waiting in the wings. The budget needs keeping under control but HS2 WITH NPR/HS3 would be the backbone of new rail transportation for  …
He said, I got dinner and a 
Roddy Fr needs  back to the UK bmt 
Sorry I’m posting this everywhere 
No. 19 Men's Basketball upsets No. 4 Pikeville 80-69 in MSC matchup Saturday Link:  … 
Hol' 
LiVARpool, LiVARpool Na Na Na, LiVARpool, LiVARpool Na Na Na You absolutely love to see it Up the Mighty Piss Boiling Reds
We are a bit sad we don't also get to join the top down politics party, but our founding  us to something more...  …
Even if the killing of Suleimani re-establishes deterrence, as it seems, Iran will in time begin to probe America's willingness to use 
faith and hope are the inspiration to move forward into life.
4 SACKS so far today; @sacnina91 @iamdeeford and @nbsmallerbear and just as I posted this Buckner got the 4th. #49ers 
Okay enough about Carolina... we back 
How to live long : just be happy. It’s my birthday ,you should be happy like 
Everybody’s got a plan until that D- line hits them in the face! #damndudes
butterfly effect 
#49ers net yards through 3.5 quarters - 271 #Vikings net yards through 3.5 quarters - 81 #MINvsSF
We're going to elect a President of the United State of our America in 2020! But we get to choose the name of the next President. What should we call him? What's the perfect name for our President? I suggest "TRUMP"! What say 
I honestly am starting to believe that the writers are trying to make us dislike I’W. How can you write someone who celebrates when people dies, didn’t want Barry out of the SF, says doesn’t care Nora worked with RF, begs to be kidnapped etc. Beats me. 
A reminder on what to do when  out of the closet, and it is NOT A 
Tsai Ing-wen's victory will infuriate China. It has long wanted to impose the same "one country, two systems" idea in Taiwan as it has in Hong 
Bruno Fernandes wants to make the #MUFC official ASAP. Ed Woodward holding up the deal. Nothing serious.
This game is like when Team USA plays Team Iceland for the first time in 'D2: The Mighty Ducks'
Apologies to all of my Homosexually-Indentified Homosapiens You're not gays you're just--- Differently Oriented. 
I'm tired of filling out forms to prove how poor I am. It has almost driven me to suicidal depression and breathtaking anxiety. We need Bernie's universal plans, not Warren's neolib  bureaucracy-filled plans. We need a fighter, not an appeaser. And #BernieBeatsTrump.
Seven three and outs for Minnesota — the Browns have seen enough, they’re definitely hiring Stefanski.
 really like Flash's headlamp. And Flash is in!! Great second place finish for Erin and the whole team at @OtterRunKennel!! We love you!
When you're with the guys, and you shout make a boy band pose! Not a single second later we have this. This was a lot of fun. #NewYear2020 #wetough @W0lfJester @0xcodegoat #pdfc2020 : @BooblesFennec / 
Can trades happen already? Holy shit the NBAs boring rn
these are not horrifying taxidermy but also are not snakes in 
SHE REALLY DID 
Janet Jackson | I Get Lonely (Acapella) (Part Two) Hear Janet's background vocals for IGL:  
my mom vs me  
This team, this game, congrats  – at Dean E. Smith Center
"Luis Amarilla will travel to the United States next Thursday to sign a contract with Minnesota United. The Paraguayan striker will join the MLS team on loan for one year and his link with @Velez ends in June 2022."  …
The revolution has begun. This is how we get @DCFlashshill to watch Mr 
. @JohnForslund rocking the sweater! #LetsGoCanes 
You 
checked out @Piskariov's library for raised button with bottom tabs. Oh how I being able to set content directly on the tabs and insert a button. So easy! #XamarinForms  
You do live video, 1 person join you Dey shout hello guys. Awon wo ni guys e?
left me 4 dead 
Does anyone else play the game of spot the other gays when eating at a restaurant?
My boye Gryn out here stealing hearts (and coin purses) Best watch yourself when this bandit is about This  created by 
El Paso high school basketball: A look at some top moments so far in season  … via @elpasotimes
Zimmer knows the "9:00" up on the scoreboard indicates how much time is left in the game...and therefore, the season, yes?
I dont know i just love it 
STOP ME FROM CRYING AAAAAAAA SEUNGSEOK JUNSANG MINHEE 
Here's everything Sidney Crosby had to say after today's practice in Arizona. 
Protests intensify in Assam after Centre notifies CAA  
6648: Baby Invasion
How petty, how small, how childish do those politicians with the temerity to attack Greta Thunberg look! She speaks for science, idealism and hope; they embody an ignorance or cynicism so deep as to constitute depravity. #ActOnClimate  …
Punting down 17 in the 4th quarter of a playoff game should result in a Tar & Feathering for the Head Coach. Indefensible.
Union Minister Dharmendra Pradhan says, Centre wants to bring piped natural gas to the city in next one year, seeks support from the West Bengal government for the project.
Bosa sack Ford sack Buckner sack Armstead sack Healthy rested Dline matters.
My baby @BySimonDunn 
went to yo block and i cursed it
Right. Left is pretty with nice colors, but the bird on the right has more interesting action. Besides, red brings back bad memories of Ohio State
Can you guys pray for me please. I done cried two times since I woke up this morning. I'm not having a good new year. But I'll continue to wait on the Lord.
#WhatsApp seeing things on 
Could have a huge  …
Congrats to the @WHillsWrestling on their 2020 Somerset County Championship. Incredibly proud of @CoachHuff1 and our Warrior wrestlers. #WarriorPride @AmitBatraHS @WarrenTAP
In as much as Xavi is a gamble. Valverde Leaving is a blessing, the only realistic trophy 4 us this season is the League and with Messi we really don't need a coach to win it. With Xavi we should expect better football. It better to lose playing well than lose playing badly.
Did you see this longer piece via @OnePerfectShot they posted earlier? It's stunning. All the prep, rehearsal and careful choreography of that entire piece is something  …
The Vikings have no offensive line and Dalvin Cook  ineffective today. This is all obviously Kirk Cousins fault.
i been silently canceling people that do me bogus. no need for the ra-ra shit. i dont even care enough.
Aug 2019: "The official count of private jets wafting into Palermo for the 'great consult' stands at 114, for a maximum of 300 attending — three per  …
Dear Iowa Democrats, We nominated John Kerry because we thought we'd need someone with medals. We nominated Hillary Clinton because we thought we'd need someone establishment approved. But we nominated Barack Obama because we were hopeful. Be hopeful. #IACaucus #Warren2020
Trigger ballots changed nothing and just created enmity and ill will within party by creating inherently negative dynamic, while changes to nominations means deputy leadership shortlist of potentially only one. If you were writing  you’d struggle with this stuff.
Jim - I’m a bit late as well - hopefully your #StacksSaturday was 
some gems from last 
the jil sander fall 2020 menswear show.... the designs, the layering, the materials, the colour palette, the cast (diversity!)... chef’s 
lol this doesnt even look  …
i kinda just want to sit on your lap and fall in love with your eyes
''i wanna fuck your little throat'' my bf is so sweet
They’re not even trying 
An even better way would be to pass the ball, especially in the red zone, go up 34-10, and make it Mullens  …
Dear @Titans YOU GOT THIS!!! #TitanUp
The Vikings have not reached 100 yards total offense
49ers D-LINE is nasty!!!! I love it. Almost makes me want  out of retirement.
Dayton seems like a good place to see a game. Just a thought 
Gf: You probably with your hoes 
#Flagship #TitanUp Good luck to @Show19ine and the @Titans tonight in the AFC Divisional Round of the NFL playoffs 
Competitive and successful people can outlive their toughest days. Failure is always part of growing but it cannot be a destination. - Proactive Coaching
We all leave our mark on this world, whether we realize it or not. Don’t let yours  a skid mark.
Currently in 
Your friend buy motor you con dey delete tacify app
oomf going thru it, yep same
Absolutely fucking  …
It’s actually unlikely #MoscowMitch can turn the 'trial' into the sham procedure Pelosi and others warn about. - 'McConnell has less power to shape the impeachment trial than Democrats  …
don’t pretend to fuck w me if you don’t. simple.
When healthy — it’s the BEST defensive line in the 
Single-ass female friends looking out for a couple, so security won't catch them  …
Found the Lord of Light figure in a record store! Love this 
Actual footage of Ninja in high  …
dandelions 
i had a 
The defense is back
Almond milk and Cinnamon Toast Crunch that smoke.
Id argue Kenny, dude dropped 3.5M a year in WWE to be a midcard act in AEW  …
On the cover of the brand new ⁦ @AmericanMusical⁩ AMS catalog. Introducing my new @epiphone #ElectricBlue #LesPaul ⁦ @NAMMShow⁩ @gibsonguitar showroom Thurs Jan 16 at 3:30pm. I’ll be taking photos, talking, signing stuff, see you 
his jawline > a 
So this is Fernandes’ signature celebration - seen again tonight after his penalty. We might be seeing more of it soon! 
Mf’s point out when you steal a tweet and act like they Sherlock fuckin Holmes, Relax detective
I didnt want to choose this path but now I have to no chains on me anymore I will do as I please I will give in to the 
I just discovered I want to be the person that does sign language at hip hop concerts. I’ve been practicing today. And no I don’t know sign language
It’s getting harder to move the needle in #gameaudio (and in entertainment in general) ... be more ambitious, take more risks, be more confident, kick down more doors.
Completed my bachelors at 21 with 2 kids
Two great shows at @The_Lowry today with @jessphillips @MichaelLCrick and Sir John Curtice. Some fantastic questions from the audience at both shows. I think to celebrate I shall watch another episode of MADAM 
Quote this tweet with your account number
Don’t be this guy.
My Dad never saw it on this Earth. So close dad. We won in Chapel Hill! Missed it by 7 weeks.
Birthday fit 
Insomnia will have  on almost every tweet on your TL
'kid' in this case can still be like 45 because everyone like that never progresses past adolescence emotionally or mentally
my man supports me in everything i do. go find one  …
Rs 1.7 lakh withdrawn from Karnataka ATM filled with Rs500 notes instead of Rs100  
Okay I’m sorry but.... Oklahoma on vault: flies forward, under rotated a lot-9.875 and 9.8... Anyone in the Big10 on vault: sticks a 1.5- 9.6....
A Central Division starting lineup of O'Reilly, Perron, Pietrangelo and Binnington with Chief behind the bench sounds pretty good to us... #NHLAllStar #stlblues
When there hasn’t been enough ice yet from this winter 
Hey @LCArena_Detroit, you promise to open this for a @DetroitPistons game, and @WorldofIsaac and I will arrange a tweet up where we will sell it out. 
On the set of Apocalypse Now, 1976. See more pictures:  
In other news, my cats are currently fighting over whether or not Jinx is allowed to lick Juju’s butt. So. There’s that.
Finish the sentense with a naughty word I was busy Thinking about 
Tomorrow on @amjoyshow I’ll talk with one of the people who knows @realDonaldTrump best — The Art of the Deal’s real author 
il est incroyable sur ma 
We are fortunate to have a renowned global climate scientist in Australia at the moment, sharing his perspective on the bushfire crisis  …
Wrestling Twitter 
5sos sleeping on their best 
It's bad to suggest that Venezuela borders Bolivia. But imagine bragging about being "the guy who put together Plan  …
Sanders, Warren Did Conference Call With Pro-Iran Lobbying Group Day After Iran Attacked US  …
I am very excited to see "The Giver" at HS West this evening! The curtain goes up at 7:00 pm. If you can't make it tonight, there is a Sunday matinee at 2:00 
my heart is as big as my 
just read that jeffree star broke up with his 
That series was a microcosm: •Run stuffed •Screen stuffed •Cousins sacked •Punt That's four straight 3-and-outs... six in the seven possessions since the TD. The #Vikings have gained EIGHT YARDS and have ONE FIRST DOWN in the last SEVEN POSSESSIONS.
Vince is pretty good in goal... 
I honestly love you all. Thank you guys for supporting me. I’m so blessed.
He thinks he’s the boss of Hessian-like mercenaries who fought in the Revolutionary War. The founders would recognize this immediately and put his corrupt ass in the stockade. Let HIS children go fight for the  …
This shot in The Clone Wars always gives me 
 over after being out at bottomless mimosas with her girls... I’m scared
 …
they...still...beat...you...though
I thought Jared was for “neutral language.” Or was that just when discussing state sponsors of terrorism?
Is everybody seeing what he's doing? Our stable genius has goals. -World Peace (as much as possible) -Immigration reform -Good economy and much more. If he can get us out of the ME and return ME countries to the peoples there, they have no need to emigrate. We will help rebuild.
This is just a physical ass whooping.
im in college. a manager. making $9 and HOUR (FL min wage is $8.46) so you’re 100%  …
E EV EVE EVER EVERY EVERYO EVERYON EVERYONE I  …
10 Job skills of the 
Everytime I drink wine, fat ma start feeling 
Worcester 78, New Hampton 77. 2021 Jhamyl Fricas lead all scorers with 23 points, including the game winner. . 
Are...are baby yoda memes gen z’s version of minion memes..?
“Looks like a national champion.” Joe Burrow keeps it real (via 
Grocery Giveaway! I’ve had a ton of people tag me in tweets recently about needing groceries. I’ll make this simple. The first person to guess the time I was born wins. 2 entries each Contest ends at 7:30pm EST. If no one gets it, the closest guess wins. Retweet & 
protect him at all cost  …
you deserve someone who thinks you’re too important to lose
“you don't understand how love works, do you?” tendou says, eyeing semi up and down. “apparently.” semi's voice breaks, his eyes darting anywhere tendou's aren't. “so how do i do this?” tendou shrugs, sighing. “you're hopeless, eita-kun. shirabubu's gonna suffer so much.”
¡Sack de DeFo! @DeForestBuckner | 
Better jumper than Ben 
Whenever you visit a foreign country The first thing  to your mind is “ What do they even do for living? Why are they not tensed about work?  they stay late with a group of ppl - laugh and not worry about tom! “ How many feel that way? #sundayvibes
A huge thank you to all the Legends who made this possible!
I don’t care how long these 4th downs are, if the Vikings are gonna punt down 17 at this point in the game they should just walk off the field
Hahahaha. Cmon John you can’t think I would stay a ravens fan  …
You borrow iPhone 11 pro go snap for pool... Phone no dey on again . Shey oti je gbese lodun titun
Glad you are enjoying this game from your couch
What a 
Dinámica! - Interlude: Shadow o Agust D - Mic Drop o Not Today - BWL o Jamais Vu - Fake Love o Dionysus - The truth Untold o Epiphany - Euphoria o Begin @BTS_twt #ChileMissesBangtan
Home ice 
Definitely don’t want to go for it there, Zimmer. You might lose.
Mike Pence tells America that Trump administration has secret intelligence that no one can  …
Porzingis (right knee soreness) update: Carlisle said KP’s return during the  road trip to Golden State on Tuesday and Sacramento on Wednesday is still possible. “It’s day to day. He continues to make improvements.”
Every Vikings fan right 
my role model #DisneySaveAnne 
This is utterly looney. Barney. And downright  …
As an Iranian, I love the Greatest President Ever. #MAGA
Soooo I tried 
new phone is fresh af, camera kinda ass tho 
Proof that Junhoe is the only man  …
Go Woke Go  …
Imma get wasted regardless thru game and a WIN SHITTTTTTTT CELEBRATE LOL
Watching the 49ers defense is a reminder why the Giants have to get better & faster with their linebackers. Their LB's are so quick to react with the closing speed to prevent big-plays in open space. Isaiah Simmons continues to make perfect sense to me. #GiantsPride
There is straight up a cosplay duck at ALA this con 
I saw the film Just Mercy today. Like the searing Bryan Stevenson memoir on which it’s based, it is disturbing, powerful and inspiring, all at once. Most important, it tells a story of the horrific racial legacy with which we still have not reconciled-and must.
Nobody misses me, nobody cares, and nobody is worried about losing me from their life. I came to terms with it.
crabber 
THE STREAK IS OVER! @ClemsonMBB pulls off amazing  to get first ever win in Chapel Hill.  …
We SHOULD be allowed to talk about grooming gangs, FGM, forced marriage and Halal ritual slaughter, without being condemned as a racist As it is, at the lower end of the hurty feelings scale, we get a Twitter ban. At the higher end, a visit from The Thought Police. Very unfair.
mockingbird series >>>>> hawkeye series
If you are broke. Your kids are broke. You don’t have decent healthcare, and your town is half empty from all the people who ran off... And you are voting Republican because you are afraid you might lose your gun? You better hunt for a living. Priorities bro..
Man, if I ever seen the designer was Heidi on my house, I would have called off the show. Foolishness every time.
Two negatives cancel out each they'll probably do just fine.
Swedes Vote Climate Policy Biggest Waste of Tax Payer Money in 2019 - #GretaThunberg doesn’t understand all the BS she’s been fed us fake! #ClimateChange will bankrupt the  …
BREAKING: This is now the most liked Persian tweet in history CC:  …
Bitches act like you supposed to be scared of them cause they dirty and ghetto
My 19-year-old sister is in town & I’m taking her to a party. She seriously asked me: “No offense, but is it gonna be old people?” I kindly said: “Wtf does that mean?” She says: “Are you guys gonna sit around and drink wine and talk about your careers?” So, uh, I’m old now.
Thank you so much @damagepersaku for this beautiful drawing my elezen! EVERYONE PLEASE GO COMMISION 
An incredible lady and an incredible champion. Credit to both @MIKL396 and Lisa 
there is an entire generation that will know billy ray cyrus for old town road and that breaks my achy breaks heart
The bravery of the people of Iran and Iraq should humble us all right now.
i just bought 4 bts albums today and i literally got my ult line vminjin + hoseok 
#Iran #PS752 #Ukraine #Trump #USpoli #Soleimani #IranProtests #CDNpoli "The President helped build a hotel in Azerbaijan that appears to be a corrupt operation engineered by oligarchs tied to Iran’s Revolutionary Guard" From 2017 RE  …
Congrats! 
They didn’t question the ones putting Pete in the lead.
A prosecutor who loves locking people up? Well knock me over with a  …
he’s just a border collie dude smart but there is a ceiling and eats dog food
Keep those fuckin losers away from my LSU  …
Twitter 
Knowledge is a wonderful 
Takaniextensions gone give you a vibe everytime ! Shop the collection that screams BOSS 
This is the 4th time this year the Vikings offense has  stifled. Not surprising, but bitterly disappointing
Awesome screen, awesome camera, long lasting battery life Awesome screen, awesome camera, long lasting battery life Awesome screen, awesome camera, Awesome screen, awesome camera, Awesome screen, awesome camera long lasting battery life
I just realized that all of the bandwagon Warriors fans just got to transition right into the 49ers bandwagon
I watched a few episodes of #SuperStore for the first time on the plane & I’m convinced the writers are Bernard Brothers. They discussed how f*cked up our health care system is, maternity leave, livable wages, living undocumented, homelessness...society failures Bernie will 
ARRIVAL (2016) Cinematography by Bradford Young Directed by Denis Villeneuve Read about this film's path from short story to blockbuster:  
and they were 
What time you playing today?
dark mode twitter users be 
We see you @WC_WBB! 
THATS what a fucking wombat looks like??? They're THIS  …
Dominic Ricco TF's in the 113lb. finals of the Comet Classic at Central 
When a Dline dominates an Oline like this the Dline team always wins. You can’t even run your offense.
Riders who rely on public transportation can track how emerging road and weather conditions affect their routes at  and sign up to receive transit alerts by email and text message.  …
Bosa Buckner Armstead Ford Bosa Buckner Armstead Ford Bosa Buckner Armstead Ford Bosa Buckner Armstead Ford
Punting down 17, under 10 minutes left? If you say so.
iOS Forensics: BFU (Before First Unlock) acquisition, using checkra1n  … via @andreafortunatw
The brand | The owner  
the math aint adding up, 
OH. MY. SWAGS. A textbook 1.5 from @MagsGotSwag12 and she puts up a 
LOOK AT MY BOY DEKU...!!! HE'S LITERALLY SHINING 
Something something Calarts is garbage. Blah blah blah give me hyper realistic gritty gore. Wahhh I’m an adult mad kid shows aren’t targeted at me. 
Toilet selfie, pretending-to-be-glam edition. And how 'glam' I was a few hours prior to that photo... More on the Monte-Carlo red carpet event in my latest video:  
this ayy macarena edit of sana questions my will to 
They’re interacting so much today and it’s arsfadhejjrsatg I don’t wanna say slow down bc...don’t, but I can’t keep up 

200104 © romantic 
The @BridgeHouse1 Offaly GAA Awards - Hall of Fame recipients Aidan Fogarty and Murt Connor, with Offaly GAA Chairman Michael Duignan and Noel McCann of the Bridge 
LMAOOOOOOO THATS WHAT HIS ASS  …
He's 81. Won't be too much longer we'll have to hear from him. But he shouldn't be allowed to identify himself as a Democrat anymore. He's clearly a trump lackey.
Being a Beastar is just having clout
Like if you’d get fired for not understanding your job after 3  …
All these niner fans... The new warriors.
This is why I no longer donate to  …
Please pray, read scriptures, listen to gospel music and fast
The Washington Post can't stand it when anyone (Russians included) makes Maxine Waters look like a gullible ninnymuggins.  
Hi, my name's Weinersmith. Sorry about your  …
HOW DO YOU GET NICKER FROM NICKI WHHAAATTTTT
the sunflowers 

my sisters not on stan twitter but look at how pretty she is 
You ain't black to be using that word, bitch.
cheesing a little too 
Fun fact: Center @olin_kreutz caught one pass in his 13 seasons with the Bears ... on Oct. 5, 2003 in a 24-21 WIN over the  …
You still upset? Get over it
As a country, we need to make  to save cities along the coast, like Charleston, that are feeling the effects of climate change and flooding. That requires national leadership, and it’s why my climate plan is the first proposal I released in my campaign for  – at The Battery
Meirl  
Yixing  back exo when they’re done serving  back 
I’m not saying this is def where I want to be 24/7 but I mean LOOK at this  …
No proof, or just pretending the evidences don't  …
Swear Havana make the prices up as they go along
THE OWL HOUSE SAID LESBIAN ROMEO & JULIET 
the duality of oscar 
I'm married? News to me  …
for my latino kings 
Yes, I’ve heard about the cream cheese fic. No, I haven’t read it. No, I don’t want to read it. No, I don’t want to hear about it. I’ve heard enough to want to spend the night inside with my blinds shut and door locked. #GoodOmens
#IStandWithTheMoms because vulture capitalists have swept up way too much of our #housing supply and put greed ahead of people (for more, read @Aaron_Glantz's  …
Clemson was 0-59 all-time at UNC, the longest consecutive road losing streak vs. one team in D-I history. The Tigers broke that streak today (via 
Bright eyes #opossum 
He has my vote 
Get mad at the people who scammed you, not the people who point out that you’ve been scammed
New Ink 
it would be  mess and be carnage and chaos but this is a need not a 
Break ups really are like mourning death. The death of a connection, not being with or seeing that person anymore
Sure, wouldn't it be great if there are positive benefits of Brexit? But you'd think they'd have identified the potential ones by now, wouldn't you?
Just curious. When I was a teenager John Paul II was Pope. Catholics didn’t even believe in birth control because a child is a gift from God. Now Francis is Pope. He embraces abortion. What the crap happened?? Can anyone answer this for me?
ironically only one of them canonically  …
“Better than a thousand days of diligent study is one day with a great 
Congratulations troupe 2277 on achieving Gold Honor 
You gotta be kidding me. To all the ppl supporting Iranians rn, you don't if you ever: -supported suffocating sanctions -stayed quiet on the Muslim ban -approved the escalating tensions w/the assassination of Solymani Iranians don't want your support. You're no  …
i pray i get to live the life i’ve always dreamed of.
Na you dey do giveaway na you dey win am Set awon dreylo
Graham in  and everyone's. He central and traitor. That is kompromat
Stayin dwn fck da scene
They beat y’all tho lol
Another bieber fan who's not using his/her brain. Taylor wanted everyone to support the song. How can we support the song? Of course it's through buying/streaming. It's not like they're asking us to use VPN to get the album to no. 1 easily.
Y'all females  about the kind of energy y'all want, but you overlook who trying to give it to you because it's not from the guy you wanted. Don't keep missing out on blessings being stupid
It's sad. People had high hopes for @David_Speers. Today we saw him not ask a single tough question, not make #ScottyfromMarketing answer the ones he did ask, and allow Morrison  dominate him with obviously pre-rehearsed lies, self aggrandisrment and obfuscation.
Yes, you  dominate a playoff game with a big-time defensive line. 49ers worked hard for it. Free agency, first-round picks. And it’s showing.
An emotional day for @Rob7Burrow. A lot of people will descend on Headingley to show their appreciation of a modern day great. A word for JJB. A magnificent ambassador of our great game. His 20 years will be remembered too. Fair play @leedsrhinos they smash these big events.
me 5 minutes before having to leave after I already told everybody i left my house an hour  …
NEW VIDEO IN 2 
esp my daughter she gotta be my twin  …
Elflein isn’t a starting caliber OLineman
Change is 
who the fuck voluntarily hikes 9 miles
Showing your soft side to just that one person >>>>
We can't trust Huber, can we trust  …
I made a banner for myself. ____ 
my boy is 12 now...at an age when he is starting to explore all the music that’s out there. Tonight he said ‘I can’t stop listening to this song, Tainted Love. Do you know it?’
. @Primetime_jet always shows love to the #RavensFlock 
So one thing that always bothers me are the characters that were evil and cruel at one point in a series  heroes where viewers mourn their demise. Forget how evil they once were, somehow it’s ok now.
"I don't live in an igloo, or eat blubber, or own a  …
My dad just said, “have fun at oneworld” lol ok thx. #oneteam
hehe  …
"Pooper Nichols!!" or something like that . . . @kipset7 
Rough 
AGENTS OF SHIELD star thinks a MOCKINGBIRD series could take HAWKEYE'S place on DISNEY+:  
MOTD proves me right about the throw-in before the goal. Robertson should have had a red, the dirty bastard lost control. VAR favoured them as per usual. Disgusting. #mastersofspawn
But they get re-worn at glamourous 
Congrats @wartburgwrestle on getting another title #champs  …
Season opener with the squad tonight. New look team with the same expectations. And the @wellsgymn going for career win No. 500.  …
Bright side? He gets the full week off for the bye-week, rests up and gets to dazzle #NJDevils fans for the rest of the NHL season.
This Albert  …
David really went to the bottom of the barrel for this one Stay mad I said what I said 
365 days for women (12) Arabella Goddard (12/1/1836–6/4/1922) internationally renowned concert pianist. Gold Medallist, Royal Philharmonic Society. Became teacher at the Royal College of Music in inaugural year 1883.   
Elflien is absolute dog shit. And when I say dog shit, I mean dog shit
"But Iran's strike wasn't that big, it was to save face." Where Iran saved face, the US lost face. Yes Iran chose a measured response, to give the US space to back down. STILL they hit ten targets and the US didn't retaliate. Think of it as a game of chicken that the US 
Today's #Club1909 CODE OF THE DAY : ARENA #GOHABSGO
manlet rights  
It's 
If you can run the ball effectively, then that’s great. If you use numbers that ignore correlation/causation to justify running the ball, that’s not.
this llama is a whole 
Nothing up yet- but give me a follow here on 
DeForest Buckner, Arik Armstead, Nick Bosa and Dee Ford have each registered a sack today. The #Vikings have a net 60 passing yards.
lol they can't call play-action when they shouldn't be running it in the first  are standard dropbacks if you can't you  …
Highlight of the day was a breakthrough from the Old Trafford faithful, chanting anti-Glazer & Woodward , fair play to those folk reliving 10years & before in 05. Game on Wednesday in the cup, more of the same troopsanti-Glazer till the parasites are gone. 
i was trying to film a cover and then  said breaking noises 
only released in Osaka, Japan. 2000 - 2300 pairs 
Thankyou for all the birthday messages! Hope everyone has had a wonderful day!
How have we gone from not being able to buy a clean sheet to keeping 6 in a row
Enjoy Gwyneth's new candle? Wait till you try MY new votive candle: This Smells Like My 
Back at 
Current yards per play: Vikings 2.5 They've gained -10 yards total in their last two drives.
Down 17 with 10 mins to go, running draws and screens. And then a sack on 3rd. Ok then, Vikings.
im ready to be a wife bruh
Being treated to a glimpse of Blake's tat giving me 2016 shefani snapchat 
Anyone else’s campus look like this in the Winter? @WSUPullman is jaw dropping 
Volume 2 came in, yessss!!!! 
if i had a girlfriend i would get her 2 mcchickens for $3 and let her eat both of them even though i would really like to eat one myself
did some more doodles of my tng oc and slapped the doodle i did yesterday on the same 
And hence I'm concerned what Twiggy's & Minderoo's proposed $50M bushfire resilience blueprint will  and eventually deliver ........and who wins and who loses from it.
Expect good things to happen! With God, all things are 
If the @Browns were waiting on the  of this game to choose between Stefanski and Saleh the answer is very clear. Stefanski doesn't know what to call against the @49ers defense.
Outrageous!! @SpeakerPelosi @GavinNewsom @tedlieu @GOPLeader @GOP @senatemajldr @GOPLeader This has got to stop now Your liberal polices aren’t working!! Stop letting our children be Guinea Pigs for your affirmative action!! #stopchildtrafficing  …
Still a HUGE bucketlist item of ours to have a song in rotation on @kroq. The legend @thekevinryder just added “Freaking Out” to this week’s That’s My Jam playlist. Would mean the world if you’d tweet at @kroq & let ‘em know you wanna hear it on the  …
May we never forget Chris and his Christmas 
Beyond blessed to buy my first car in my name #chapter20 a whole different mindset 
Take him down DeFo! @DeForestBuckner | 
In a game filled with inexplicable coaching decisions, the decision to punt here is the dumbest yet.
I got lumped into the same dm that @joewintergreen was put into and I am so utterly dazed and  …

and uh. somethin before goin to 
How can anybody not feel love  for these precious  …
NB: this includes mental  …
While the Korps has managed to pepper the rest of the EU with sites, Britain remains a difficult situation. Refusing to play along with the rest of the EU (Again), Britain explicitly outlaws the Korps and any operations within their borders.
Ya'll sound young and dumb. Future don't care about any women. Ya'll really think Lori Harvey is the one that's gonna teach him about love and then break his heart.
What a joke you  …
So happy for this guy, career finally kicking off & he is having the time of his life.  …
How could anyone have ever doubted this 
At the beginning of his presidency he banned them from entering the US. Then he tore up their nuclear agreement. A few days ago he threatened to bomb their cultural sites.   …
Second NFL game I've covered in 6 years. First game at Levi's Stadium. It seems the 49ers are very, very good.
Every member of the 49ers “Big 4” has had a sack! THE DEFENSE IS FUCKING BACK
Jimmy is too irrational to hire Stefanski after this. Interview a whole new batch of guys.
Gonna be painting all day today experimenting! Get all up in my Onlyfanz to see wut i dooooo Its 50% off for the next 25 scriberzzz and u get a hawt vid sent to your inbox  
Comfort in silence 
WAIT HE HAD NAIL POLISH 
Do I need a well is there city power where does the property line end is this a public road is this taxed as agriculture or wildlife how close can I build to this pipeline
This not  Stop playin wit  …
Sleep is for the dead 
Trump warns Iran against ‘another massacre’ as protests flare over downed 
okay but he do be lookin kinda fresh doe
Today’s post on  // INK SKETCH AND PROCESS – ADIRA by 
As President @realDonaldTrump has said, "peace and stability cannot prevail in the #MiddleEast as long," as the Iranian Regime's terror, murder, and mayhem goes on unchallenged. We stand w/ the people of #Iran and pray that #God turns the tables on the evil regime for your 
A video showing Trump pulling a gun on members of the real media. Twitter has the machine learning to block these gifs/videos/images. Why aren’t you using them? @Twitter  …
Ok. Just imagine I’m doing your makeup and I ask u to look down. OBVIO me parezco a Salma  
Hey @ChrisCuomo you  …
Damn. We respect the desire to preserve, but you might have created some super virus under that  …
Just give us the rings already 
y’all don’t even know how fucking mad this makes me 
Punting from your 40 at 9 minutes? Come on, Zimmer...
#IceStorm2020 - mine came in totally liquid form here in the mitten state. 4th 'hundred year flood' since 
Never have I ever seen a team+staff quit like this. Disgusting.
WAIT A MINUTE PLS MARVEL PLS I WANT MOCKINGBIRD  …
Roy Williams said he forgot to tell his players to foul on the final possession of regulation. #UNC was up 3 before Simms tied the game with a 3-ball from the left wing.
 for everything i want 2020
I'm setting them up right now by leaking things to the press, so when my stronger, more popular brother disagrees with anything, I'll have him perceived as the bad guy and his wife as rude; that's why it was important to let the public know she will join by phone Monday.
why are u recording him... can u let him do his business in  …
Excited to see what four of my former teammates can do this weekend in the journey to a Super Bowl Championship!! Good luck guys!!! #BoilerUp 
I'm 63, widowed, about to sell my house and start a new chapter of my life. I have discovered I am still capable of passion which is a nice surprise. I love my pets, and am grateful for the friendship of other intelligent people who despise Trump. Staying hopeful -
Sometimes I keep my feelings to myself because it’s hard for others to understand
Cesar Chavez quarterback Lucas Arnds  to Dickinson State, an NAIA school in North Dakota, following a visit. He was a 2-year starter for the Champions and had 58 career TD passes.
Her TEETH is not successful Her EDGES is not successful Her VAGINA is not successful Her CAREER is not successful TARIQ roasts Yvette the NEGRO STUD WENCH! Projecting Dustiness (32:17)  
BLACKPINK are the best selling girl group who debuted in 2016 Includes the totals of physical sales from Korea&Japan 1. BLACKPINK- 782,824 2. WJSN- 448,753 3. IOI- 273,025 4. Gugudan- 123,540 5. Momoland- 107,093 #KillThisLove #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
Can’t justify punting down 17 with 9 min here if you’re playing to win.
i know i changed cause i don’t entertain half the shit i used to
I watched a YouTube 2 months ago and forgot to subscribe and now I can't find her, she has a bunch of houseplants and really thick hair do ya'll know who im talking about? lol
The eyes, 
The days of being “totally dependent on a public pension” are over.” Japan’s pension system is ranked 31st out of 37 nations due in part to underfunding. Experts says private pensions help, but women likely to have any money to invest because: /4
Who's Up Right Now For A Code In DM's? Let Me Know
I want it all & sum  …
We need to talk more about the fact that the Redskins took perhaps the two greatest third-down sack takers (Robert Griffin III and Kirk Cousins) in the history of football in the same draft.
Buckner gets his first sack of the game 8.5 on the season. #Vikings still only have 4 first downs and 81 total yards of offense 41 of those yards was one play.
What's the point of living if I cant explore overgrown concrete ruins
ah, General. Nice to meet you. 
What’s better for you than 
This is officially Pat Elflein's last game starting for the Minnesota Vikings.
story time ??? samuel came to 
Whatcha you talkin bout 
 never explain." I can't hug my brother anymore, even though he's always stood by me and my family and I've never embraced his family. I leak info about them to the rabid UK press, so they'll leave me alone.
I cannot 
Planet of the Apes is to atheists what Black Panther is to black people
Congratulations!! Can’t wait to visit whenever I make it to London  …
"I LOSE INTEREST FAST" = HOE
When do the GOOD QBs play in these playoffs?
At first ye can’t see the similarities but it’s kind of scaring me now ... one day after each other with these pics 
Tell me how you FEEL. Not what you’re thinking. Not what you want. But about how you feel. Because those all are different.
so.. this year I decided to run something that makes valuable to myself. it's time to be serious. 22 without doing anything, without running any business to earn money and experience also not a joke. may Allah enlighten me in Wedding scene this year. oh yea 22 is my age.
I call on every one of my fans in the USA in open primary states to take a dem ballot and vote for Biden because it would truly be the most hysterical spectacle ever. Yes, your primary vote counts. Primary voting totals tend to be  …
I think it's hilarious how much people hate me because I'm just chillin in real life. like I'm not some evil person  …
Sometimes I wanna spill my whole heart on twitter but then I don’t. The end.
is this what kids call a "glow up" left pic taken exactly a year ago,, don't have monokuma present for my new gay selfie but damn my hair do kinda be growin 
A little sampling of the weather here in Wisconsin. We are about 60 miles south of Green Bay. Flakes are getting thicker. @Paul4KOMOsports Driving like a champ. Good times. @komonews 
Elizabeth Warren has had a long time to invest in the  of color. In her words she didn't think abt it. Trying to make her out to be something she's not during a Presidential campaign is disingenuous & to Black ppl what the sam hell are YOU doing?
Hyunjin and jeongin dancing to we go I think we need we go all skz members 
anne nation, let me hug you, all the people that are involved w awae fandom and still manage to have a balanced mental health in this craziness, let me hug you, everyone that doesn’t judge people from the perspective of others i love y’all thank you for always being there for me
My Dakota Hudson projection for 2020: 69 innings. 7.50 ERA 55Ks 51 BBS Lefties hit .600/.700/.900 against him
me looking for a cute cleveland girl my age to 
Why. Are. You. Punting?
‘Young Rock’ Series About The Early Days of Dwayne Johnson in NBC’s Plans  
#np 'Overglow' by the fabulous @adamlambert on Australia's LGBTIQ radio station, @JOY949 - from his great new release VELVET SIDE A: THE LIVE SESSIONS 
May the Football GOD shine on Lamar Jackson and the RAVENS tonight as they begin their SUPER BOWL RUN. IN GOD WE 
Somebody get the Mic from Lady Luck I cant deal wit her all night smh
"no winter lasts forever, no spring skips a turn"
Does our OL look awful? Yeah. But ya'll seriously act like you had no idea how good the Niners DL  into this game...I don't understand a one of ya.
Translation: Q:3600 Kill yourself here and wake up in a hospital bed in the next dimension with half your head missing, wondering how the hell you survived a self inflicted gunshot to the head. Death is an 
Dem give you phone to check your result You go dey download porn
Me and my heart 
I cut off all my hoes just because i want a main bitch
anyways! stan jodie  for clear skin and lice-free 
I sort of feel that Facebook's decision to allow political ads that are obviously false puts me in the same pasture as the @HoarseWisperer. #Facebook,  …
The brand The owner  
I love me some glass nails 
i——- can’t believe 
No one told me you had to stop smoking weed when you get married????? How will I know when she’s looking in my windows at me on the couch with a family sized bag of Cheetos whoring it up????? How do I make this random stranger happy???
Snowy owls are a prized find among bird-watchers, because the beautiful birds are a sight to behold set against a wintry backdrop. Have you seen any snowy owls this winter?  
#49ers defense is back!
Quinn. Is. In.  
that’s what y’all get
Learn exactly how to design, estimate, finance & execute on a Buy, Fix & Flip or Hold Deal like this... 
If she didn’t know kes had dreadlocks, she too young for you bro...
Getting to Dollywood is easier than you think! There are more than 20 cities with direct flights to Knoxville. We help you figure out the logistics in our latest blog post:  #Dollywood #familytravel #familyvacation #traveltips #SmokyMountains #flyknoxville
For all parents of high school seniors at what I call the tender time. Hope you will  …
When you changed jobs most recently, why did you leave your last job?
grandmas love processing online 
Rock of Love: Charm School - Sharon Osbourne vs Megan  
#HappyBirthday to David 
I can’t change I can’t change 
you smoking dick if you think ima tell you my family personal business.
Quick sketch. Had this silly idea in my head for some time now. He 
Sixty per cent of Albertans feel crime is rising in  poll finds. ⁦ @CPA_Bakes⁩ ⁦ @lethpoliceassoc⁩ ⁦ @YEGPA⁩ ⁦ @medhatpa⁩ ⁦  …
Now blocking anyone who doesn’t tag their fine friends in pictures
That little fella has a better jumper than 90 percent of America. Well  …
YT  very soon 
My opposition to Bernie Sanders isn’t just because he smeared HRC, Kamala Harris or suggested primarying PBO, but bc he’s not who he says he is. He’s an unqualified fraud, misogynist,homophobe,chaos agent,despicable Russian tool whose real aim is to weaken the American democracy.
Check this one out...my man @ShawnBinjax knocked his debut out of the park! Many more  I 
Dam Justin has hit a new level of low, sad
So I closed @FACEIT AC and my PC crashed, now CS is uninstalled. What in the heck is going on with this software? Saw this happened to some other people too so they best be looking into it.
A preliminary 4.9 magnitude aftershock rumbled moments ago and where I am in Guayanilla, P.R., the neighbors said things that we sadly cannot quote in a family newspaper. More from today  …
 …
You should get in on this channel. They're just starting and I sense great  …
This shower cry is about to hit the spot.
Famous South Indian Breakfast-Urad Dal Vadai! No #festival  without Vadas in Tamil Nadu. It is crispy on the outside but soft and fluffy in the center  #foodporn #foodie #recipes #healthy #yummy #delicious #vegetarian #vegan #Pongal2020 #food 
They are sending frequencies to earth Near galaxy repeatedly sends enigmatic radio flashes How are the strange fast radio flashes created? Now a spiral galaxy has been identified as the origin of a lightning bolt that repeats itself.  …
The Vikings stink.
Uh oh someone found my 
wE dOn'T dEpEnD oN oUr SeNiOrS 
I think I occupy some strange netherworld in which men actually allow me to finish all my sentences
Overlooking a foggy Cranberry Pond in Greece. As soon as I took this shot, the wind started cranking up. Here we go, it's going to get crazy along the lakeshore 
I read the first couple chapters today and couldn't give a stronger  Per usual, @hosseeb does a great job at  ideas sound easy and understandable. The multiple choice assigments are a nice bonus. Looking fwd to the rest of  …
Wow this is so disappointing. Bethlehem is not in Israel. It is in Palestine. @Jeopardy owes the Palestinian people an  …
do we realise how crazy it is that the whole album is charting that's what happens when you're sf9 and you have zero 
the sun ain’t smiling today 
The sleeper killers are those planets that conjoin your South Node they will keep pulling you back into familiar patterns of behaviors. Some of these patterns may have been handed down for generations especially if the moon is involved
And people telling us to "Just do X" or "Just stop doing Y" is really hurtful, as we have been hearing all our lives that we are just being lazy, or too much, or that ADHD doesn't even really exist. We try. We find some stuff that works. But we will never be without ADHD.
Clemson's locker room was HYPE after the Tigers snapped the streak in Chapel Hill (via 
Marcelo after drinking 20 4lokos in a  …
a little something i wrote 
Here’s a 
Top 10 seniors in San Diego Section high school boys  …
Omg!! I love this resistance family that we've all  I hate the reasons for it, but truly love all of your wisdom, perspective, and humor!!
Since some folks have reached out about this fucker’s unceremonious death in TROS and have requested a @WHMPodcast Gleep Glossary episode on him. I got some good news! He’ll be featured in February on  
ANOTHER three-and-out for the Vikings offense, with DeForest Buckner sacking Kirk Cousins on third down. Dominant. #49ers
Hillcrest Prep 108 Elite Academy (CA) 54. Dalen Terry 15 points, 11 rebs, 9 asts, Puff Johnson 15 pts , 13 rbs, Keon Edwards 10 pts, 5 asts & 7 rebs. @hillcrest_prep @PrepHoopsAZ
they tryna keep up so they stalking my 
Arik Armstead, Dee Ford, Nick Bosa and DeForest Buckner all have sacks.
Lovren is actually such a victim 
My first Premier League upgrade pack vs my 200th without a 
Safe to say my friend played the part of jack sparrow pretty well on Halloween 
Sorry but need to share this for any who might want it. #LibraryCard #GoldenTicket  …
WHAT ABOUT PUERTO RICO?? You know, the AMERICAN citizens?? Nothing? Nada? Zero? Zilch? HEARTLESS Reminder: YOU HAVE BEEN IMPEACHED have a nice day
Make dua for this orientalist miskeen, spending his Saturday mornings cutting and pasting memes about Muslims. (I wish the meme actually made sense though!) Let me just block this fool. Already wasted five seconds typing about  …
Miso soup w/ daikon, Tokyo negi & mountain yam fritters, yuzu glazed salmon kama, and a cheap but very reliable Junmai 
#Canucks #Comets It is almost Brogan Rafferty time! He is 5-28-33 in 38 AHL games. Vancouver fans should be more excited about this kid. He is almost like a right handed version of Quinn Hughes with size.  …
imagine not calling your parents’ friends auntie/uncle
Please retweet. Let the American media know that their praise of the Iranian mullah regime killers was disgusting
had to look at myself in the mirror today 
Today, I got to volunteer at a tenants meeting held by @RentersRights and listen to struggling renters share their concerns. Tenants made steps towards forming a tenants association and made sure they made it loud and clear: WE ARE RENTERS, AND WE 
Nobody’s down to get drunk w me and lys, how sad
Danny Keyte gets the nod and the wine as man of the match today. Tim Clark, CCFC Chairman makes the 
#Vikings need some guard help in the draft
90’s vibes 
Mr. Evans. And it’ll be more than a  …
"When you pass through the waters, I will be with you; and when you pass through the rivers, they will not sweep over you. When you walk through the fire, you will not be burned; the flames will not set you ablaze." Isaiah 43:2 #YAHUSHUA #JESUSCHRIST #JESUS #MNL48Alice 
If you still think public libraries are for everyone, a Black patron came in this week and said “hi- you look like the only person here who won’t call the cops on me. Can you help me with 
Done with My First Half @alluarjun - #MuraliSharma Take a bow sir! Suspense Climax #AlaVaikunthapurramuloo
old love letters I found that my grandpa wrote to my 
Texas A&M Meet good times Double PR joining the 16’ club 1st Place @DallasVault @aggietrk @TXMileSplit @teamessx @ESSXPoleGuy @Essxsport @vaultermagazine 
Crowd Control and similar kinda things are such a cool idea and lead to some hilarious moments, but goddamn most of it ends up being "haha you died again, have fun running back to where you were for the tenth time!" Thanks, twitch chat
My grandmother was a 
I swear I be unamused and unimpressed I do not care what you own or who you know or who knows you lmfao
. @johnkriesel is better than Pat Elfline
The 49ers speed on defense is ridiculously good. Building from the inside out has definitely paid off.
#49ers sacks today: Ford Armstead Bosa Buckner That front four is so impressive to watch
Do I go to “Novus Ordo mass”? I’m sorry, I have no clue what that is. I just go to the mass at the church 10 minutes away from my 
All of barcelona right 
If they do, I’m  back to this tweet and block  …
I actually agree that animation is evolving and that you can't expect everything to be like the old days. Where you've lost me is  and watch." It's important for fans to be clear about what they like and don't like. As long as it's civil it should be  …
Here goes 
Somebody dared me to post my fave artists and bands from each country of the world. Challenge accepted. Khaled AC/DC Roberto Carlos Leonard Cohen Joe Dassin Helena Paparizou Bob Marley Nujabes Tiësto Sting Franz Ferdinand Stereophonics
With mctominay and pogba behind them
PAUSE. lucky hoshi gif for me and everyone getting tickets rn lets get this oty tix filo oomfs!!!!! 
Think about winning the lotto a while lot for someone who has never bought a ticket
Ohio District 16! You have a great choice for representation with Crystal Lett. @LettsGoOhio Meet the Candidate: Crystal Lett (Ohio)  … via @demcastUSA
yall ever really miss this 
Somebody tell Ms Murk call me so I can talk her down from the roof #DONTJUMP
hoping 1917 isnt that good because i cant be out here stanning a war 
RT to vote for our girl! she deserves this award!!! #LoseYouToLoveMe #BestLyrics 
MORE Parasite eve meming in 2020
So much shit be smoke and mirrors like ya couldn’t believe.
No matter how many times I see this tweet... I always chuckle 
Brilliant uplifting #AUOBGlasgow march today w my family and Ms @JacquelineChalm - aye a bit dreich but nothing dampened this huge crowd’s high spirits Sorry I missed the #bridgeceilidh though! #Independence 
He fvcked you inside car and you still trek go home. Dem born you with suffer?
Hey @CBCAlerts @globalnewsto @CNN Where are your reports on this??  …
 scrapped a legitimate finished project because of a misquote that received backlash and made a new project in 3 weeks that was still good but was Def lacking his typical innovation and creativity other than Ghost Town
since tiktok keeps taking this down, enjoy me being a 
I woke up this morning with Texas on my mind.
This def happened to me at a Walgreens when I was like 20. And she and her coworker looked me dead in the face and said “children are a blessing” I was like uh huh mind your business
who active rn ONLY THE REAL ONES REPLY
1 year wedding anniversary . All glory to God
“Surprising People with @justinbieber” watch @DavidDobrik’s latest video on YouTube 
Vikings are exactly who I told you they are.
Well, we finally broke through tonight for our first GPAC win. Very happy and relieved for our team with everything we have been through this year. Also, big congrats to @ant_james20 on his 1000th point. Kid was a stud tonight and deserves all the praise in the world! #RollTiges
Punting because....?
i be doing my skin care routine but clearly my skin don’t care
I'm sorry but steak is nasty
DeForest Buckner sacks Kirk Cousins, and that's sack No. 4 for the #49ers defense, which is dominating this game outside of the one TD play. #MINvsSF #49wz
That boy been in that boot too  …
Go #RAVENS! Walking with the Band down Ravenswalk on this playoff night is a once-in-a-lifetime 
You can’t have hosts that want to be seen so much bruh
Me: “Jesus I turn 28 on Tuesday I’m SO OLD” Also me: “Once I finish my chores for today I can get in my onesie and play my Nintendo Switch for the rest of the night ”
I love looking through shared content and searching videos named 
Nick bosa is best talent I seen since Joey bosa
waking up from my 6pm nap to go out like  …
Name game: Snoop, Queen, Vik, Weezy, Ash and Tay Boogie boost  …
When you’re a Packers fan living in Minnesota when th Vikings are losing in a playoff 
she got a cute lil shape on her all that jumping around did the body good ... I mean a little glam and she could be an IG baddie and / or stripper , she prolly  …
Mfs got chains and rings but no whip lmfaooo
I’ve officially picked my v-day outfit lol. Soo bomb 
Do people REALLY like cats MORE than dogs? Because I really can’t understand how?
I’d punt here
Her “duty to warn” supersedes everything with this very dangerous president. We all see the president’s rapid deterioration and poeple like Dershowitz are not helping. Then again, the guy likes to defend rapist and murderers of children and women so he has that going for him.
You get a sack, you get a sack, you get a sack ...
One star from Jaden for this church in a remote Greenland 
NEW WALLOWS MUSIC 
A 3-1 weekend for @OLuWaterPolo in the Santa Barbara TOC! 12-5 overall. Keep 
This is how we promoting music all 
Because corvids playing is my favorite thing in the world I want everyone to see the PBS  …
Congratulations to Jamison Deffner and Greyson King for making the TMEA All State Tenor Bass 
And yes, this is an admitted shameless humble-brag, but hey! business  Gotta get the word out when you can!
To some I dey fuck up To some I correct die To some I no be better person To some I good die Na so life just be
if you so real how you let em break up our bond then ???
I want more piggy bitches to drain. Crawl to me , oinking with my cash in hand everyday is my pay day { findom finD finsub paypig paypigwanted paypigneeded cashslave walletdrain walletslave pigslave slave findombrat beta } 
this is y’all dragging ariana when she’s not on twitter vs when she’s online im crying 
50% off for one day only...let’s get weird.  
The bad news is that, there far too many terrible sins and people who  them in this world, different and imperfect people. The world is full of sick, and hopeless people, evil and sinners as I am but the good news is that the blood of Jesus is able to wash us all clean.
First dinner in the new apartment came out fabulous. Sous chef Ernie was very 
Clean , pretty & not ran thru something you can't brag about
every day I think of the fact that it’s a lady that gets paid to eat crab legs on YouTube and I—
dk where ill use it but its looks 
Love folks ripping on Stefanski and the Vikings offense...curious what couch McDaniel is sitting on watching this considering his offense didn't make it past the first round......the  of Jesus to some of these dudes. Lol... Get ready kids. #Browns
There’s no chance SF can do this to us.
Ah, Kylie Minogue’s discography is life.
I just need some dick with 
Big fax life too short to be a vegan or sum  …
#yesung #Siwon i feel the need to show this to you @jongwoontrash 
Zimmer ran the ball on 1st down while down 3 possessions in a divisional playoff game. And again on 2nd down. Oh yeah and there's only 10 minutes left.
#monbebeselcaday 
Dalvin Cook - 8 carries.
Ernesto just followed us so he could keep up with the  …
I just think that 
when i finally get my sleep apnea treated its game over
Lookout I'm 40!! Happy birthday to meeee!!
Lot of people asking about this Fernandes character right now, reportedly on his way to Spurs. Big numbers, solid looking DM type in a small 
if you’re just gonna play games please just leave me out of it i’m too old for that bs
in case you guys haven’t figured it out yet, i’m just a joke account. just tried to wake up the sabrina fandom before they sank into nothing. that being said, i will continue to expose carpenters.
Same.
This (ongoing) thread is so important. Another disqualifier for Joe Biden is that being the senator from Delaware aka MBNA, his cozy relationship with banks has been to the ruination of countless poor Americans and small American  …
These two ladies are everything to 
We all saw the #oranjearmy dominate on the pitch in the first match of the 2020 FIH Hockey Pro League. Here are some special off the pitch moments as the defending champions geared up for their first match of the year! : @oranjehockey #FIHProLeague 
Has President Trump Forgotten The Declassification Material He Delayed then Deferred?…  
What you'll hear in Kirk Cousin's defense, (since he's the only big $$$QB not expected to elevate his team): His OL had him running for his life His skill position players didn't help him (ignoring that Diggs hauled in that wounded duck for a TD) The defense didn't hold up
Had to wake em  …
I'm : single taken devastated nd crying over yoongi going 
Wow!!! Just finished watching @oxladeofficial performance on stage. Na for Tv I de watch am shah lol
What if… hear me out now… we just did a year-long "pilot" of running buses at peak frequency all day long? Ok, the Herald would go nuts, and Brownsberger would write a Very Serious Blog Post. But what would it mean for regional  …
Here's how we'll line it up. 
You wouldn’t get it. #joker #joaquinphoenix #justanorart #justanor 
a girl and her 
Don't skip this tweet without watching this video Please after watching it help and Retweet it @MJeerah @halal_parrot @AysherSadiq @baby_tijjani1 @iam_whytes @fakhee40 @_asig7 @hussybea @fheerdausy @herpcertou @Abubakar_Mhmmad @officialdeezell @Rahma_sadau 
We marched through the city this evening to show solidarity with  effected by mass climate catastrophes. The fires and floods are stone cold proof of the reality of climate change: we must ACT NOW @ExtinctionR #AustraliaFires #IndonesiaFloods 
 …
I feel like that star wars movie was like one guy in the improv group saying "ok so we're at the laundromat" and the next guy being like "no we're not"
Ohio State is ranked two spots lower in the B1G than they are 
No Sense stans keep winning I tell you. Megan loves it! AND it’s Justin’s fav off of 
I wish these brothers would seriously consider this: If your perspectives are shared by people who defend chattel slavery, maybe it’s time to reassess your perspective. Especially if  from a theological tradition that was established on foundations of supporting slavery
