YOU HEAR ME
Dark eyed Junco Kanata Ontario rare feeder 
This is just a reminder for those of you who lack a brain or can’t see to read that a dick rating is $15 for mean and $20 for honest from me. Betas keep sending me their penises and I have to laugh cause they think it’s free Findom femdom dickrating degradation humiliation 
I love 
Mr. 
A SAA officer from Aleppo confirmed that there were progress .But details tomorrow for security reasons
Thank you to @MarkHerringVA for supporting the best first step for marijuana reform in Virginia. Standing w the right side of progress is the type of political leadership we need in the South.  …
Super excited for the #Vienna #IOTA Meetup on March 12th with @archimate from @SoftwareAG! With presentations from @iotatoken, @bitpanda, @SoftwareAG, @oostech_hh&Austrian Blockchain Center - sign in before it’s too late:  … #IoT #community #DLT #crypto #tech

#Vols’ Yves Pons: I’ve been telling you guys I feel more confident. I feel great out there. I’ve worked hard.
the sweater she's wearing looks like the one she wrote to snl but cut 
Like for honest dm
Yesss 305 checks and finally got this SHUNDO 
Saturday morning impeachment hearing .... People are letting Schiff have it ..The will of the people is what matters ..so much for half of America wanting to impeach Trump ..Vote Democrats OUT..shut down the DC 
It’s so cute!!!  …
The new pop stars could 
The hospital is already such a miserable place to be, so imagine being stuck there alone with no loved one ever visiting. Your little act will be making a patient’s day at a point when probably everything else in their life is in the pits.
this is why yall got ebola 
He wouldn't be worried if there wasn't anything to dig up. Innocent people aren't worried about damaging info being dug up because they know they're innocent. Only guilty people worry about the truth being told.
I really really love @MillieMcKenzie0
It was standing room only! @gperkins1 rocked that  …
Why the fuck everyone in china rn freaking out over beer?
Goaltend overturned. It'll be a jump ball.
Shit ruins my whole night not even being  …
I used to be able to do the splits and I haven’t tried in years for some reason I thought I could still do them so I proper went for it and me pelvis is defo after fracturing in about 8 different places
sleepin w joon tonight 
Just because something is LEGAL, doesn’t make it MORAL. You only have see all the QUASI LAWS that emanate from the UN to realise that. The END GAME of the UN’s #ClimateFraud is the destruction of our society and economy to pave the way for global socialism. 
CUBE BRING YAN AN 
I just found out that my childhood family friend died today, please keep my family as well as my friends family in your prayers. I’m so heartbroken and devastated. Please please always tell the people in your life that you love them and always treat them with kindness
All retweets would be much appreciated 
The Uber diver offered me pecs.. 5 Stars by default..
My mom this morning: do not wear black or white Me looking at my 
WV Thunder @GraceHutson21 is still lighting it  …
Being happy and having peace is more important.
Since the 2010 election, 25 states have instituted new restrictions that make it harder to vote. The measures include shorter voting hours; the shuttering of polling places in minority neighborhoods; and new limitations on early  …
Very good analysis of the capital efficiency of public  - best co's (e.g. Zoom, Crowdstrike, Slack) have impressively low total cash burn / ARR multiples and score high on rule of  …
BATON PASS WITH STAR AND GRACE BOTH DOING THE LUCKY CONSTELLATION THING 
Why are job interview questions always like "what's your biggest strength? and if you were to die tomorrow which former employer would mourn your loss and which would be a suspect in your murder?"
Them crazy #anime villains always be like 
Australia is famous for its wild dangerous creatures, so it’s great to see Twitter getting into the Australia Day spirit by being even more feral than usual.
Here’s my 
#FreeKashmir is a prerequisite for genuine democracy and durable peace in India and 
POLL: Favorite EPCOT World Showcase Pavilions  
#deletinglater just thought you guys may be interested in seeing my sketching process for every  I use procreate for sketching and coloring, lineart is clip studio paint. Device i use is Apple Pencil and my iPad 
Good luck to everyone 
Big thanks to @Coach_Nesbitt @CoachMoseOUAZ @CoachRonRobJr @jessecartnal for having me for an official! Enjoyed my time and thanks for the 
First WW3...now a possible worldwide virus emergency?! 2020 you got too much dip on ya chip
The 1973 coin had a certain 
Finally home for New Year, and bout to feast! Best part of the year Happy New Year everyone!! Stay safe out there!! #chinesenewyear2020 #lunarnewyear @New York, New York  …
It’s time for Chuck to take the bullet and tell Nancy she sent over a nothing case,7 out of the 9 tweets from Ckuck today he’s begging for witnesses, they have no case for impeachment the show is  …
“What we have here, is failure 
basic binch energy with ur least fave moot is here 
Blueberry Cheesecake Bars #Food #FoodPorn #Photography 
Aye thanks Aches appreciate it 
You had me at erotic puppet show.
I wonder what I will be tweeting about a year from now. I fully realize I’ve gone into Warren overload. I’m not happy about it. But the primaries are at our doorstep, and doing political stuff keeps me grounded. Just wish my attention were on other stuff too.
Ok... so... unvaccinated children are barred from school, but the coronovirus hasn’t prompted a China travel ban? Shut it down
Last semester of my senior year @UMassAmherst. Thank you so much @fadjyvalentin for capturing the beginning of my last days as an undergrad. This semester is one for the books (no pun intended ) 
Who’s the best shit talker?
Picked up some big  this weekend. Go Greyhounds! 
Also everything Gandi says is false. Bernie's worst demo by far is older white 
Also of course don’t forget to stop & check what’s actually in the way :x
I might stop going to the opium den until this virus thing blows over
#IMSA - Watch this short clip from the starting grid @Rolex24Hours @DISupdates #Porsche #911RSR 
The first Himalayan summits of this winter season were on Ama Dablam while poor weather bogs down the other climbs.  …
worship poppy !
legend 
The uptick in Iroha cosplay is going to be legendary.
Premiere day at 
screw the baby I want one for  …
Me: I’m not going to wait until two weeks before Katsucon to start working on cosplays! @RageGearProps : *posts his Katsu countdown is at 18 days* Me: *stares at the joanns bags of materials I haven’t touched yet* why am I like this
I guess my real excitement here is RACHEL ZANE FROM SUITS SHARED FIND A BED
Taylor in this outfit. 
They try so hard to feminize him, which is oddly creepy. They're strangely obsessed about his  …
More please. Lol. I'm hoping you all will not leak just #AngelinaJolie 's leg. 
We've all heard people argue that if protests didn't work in 2003, they won't work in 2020. Fatemeh Keshavarz gives us hope that our calls for #GlobalPeace will work this time around. #PeaceWithIran is possible!! #NoWarWithIran 
Nah man i’m Big in the streets. LOL #abcforlife Feb11 tues 10pm 
Pari hende no  con  ta, not only den un relationship pero cu friendships and family.
Neera and her ilk decry “elevating” Rogan as if they haven’t been RTing and platforming on TV people like David Frum every day since Trump took office. Give me a fucking break.
These days, is life and truly enjoying the opportunity  twice a week! Good first trip through district for my young guys! We are now the 
What was  …
like this and I’ll draw your avi
And Donnie Jr! "So when Trump said "I don't know him at all" what he meant was "I met him at least eight times and stared into his face almost directly across the table from me at a very private dinner one evening."  …
when jaehyun asks if his younger brother can tag along on their hang out, johnny doesnt think much about saying yes. he quickly realizes his mistake when the siblings arrive and hes faced with the cutest boy hes ever seen, with sparkly eyes and a brilliant smile. oh, and 
Daaawwwwwwwww Jongin has the cutest smile 
Honestly, I'm tryna stay focused.
i want to make out with a girl and braid her hair
I don't necessarily think this was a "paid to promote" scenario, but... I'd be shocked if many celebs have actually used the product they're touting/read the book they're shouting out/etc.
@BenKTallmadge working arse off and here I have been sending jihadi kitty jokes  …
Packing up! Cornelis waves from the crane as the drill team finish putting all the pipes and drill bits away. Almost ready to go 
the poet the 
So excited and blessed to announce that i  to Eastern New Mexico University to further my football and academic career. I would like to thank everyone who supported me along the way. Thank you @CoachKelleyLee @coachmccraw @ENMUFootball @CHSStormFB 
Veteran @bigbluehockey_ coach Gino Faia on his school's newest member of the 100 Point Club, @conor_donovan2: "Nobody works harder than Conor. He's a great kid  with teriffic vision and hands. And nobody backchecks harder. I'm really happy for him." 
Sis abril lavingne has the disease and she’s almost twice his age and looks better than him.
Can 7.0 please fix the replays system It's really dumb how you cant just click on a replay to save as an mp4 and you have to watch the whole replay again or that you cant automatically disable the extra controls on the side when watching a replay
I feel like I've forgotten what patience is. Like, way too many times my life right now is "Jeremy, why did you call that person an idiot?" "Because they were being an idiot."
edgy 
It's a little late but I did the shirt thing.. It doesn't work properly because my boobs are tiny lol 
‘Too much research is aimed at insular academic circles rather than the real  …
I have heard that #365dni will also be screening at the Odeon Cinema in London from February 7th.
Isn’t yelling “bomb” at an airport a felony?
I want to give Nick Faldo a list of Icelandic names just to see how he 
Draisaitl was beautifully, brutally honest with his loathing of Matt Tkachuk. Not taking a side on that but I enjoyed it. #NHLAllStar
The wildest, most talked-about moments in #Grammys 
Race to exploit the world’s seabed set to wreak havoc on marine  …
We’ll see YOU at Community Day in the morning! : Sunday, 10 a.m. - noon : Holuba Hall : Team scrimmage : Photo booth : Face painter / caricature artist : Autographs : Donuts from the Booster Club #WeAre | 
Huge thanks to our amazing student section & cheerleaders for creating a championship environment last night! Special S/O to @GFCSBSB for making it to the game!! #faithbkb @gofaithlions @grapevinefaith 
DID YALL REALLY NOT KNOW THIS IM 
She’s gonna win her Oscar I’m so excited
Wellll Nathan...what I suggest if you actually really care about you son is..... LISTEN TO HIM !!!!! Kaiser needs your help .
iReview 
since we're talking about gym 
Short Train @AngelWarrior321 @KarenLadybug1 @RainBadass @TDigornio @My_Trigger11 @Briteeye777 @floydddunagan  @TheyCallMeDoc1 
Good morning from Siwon doing finger heart with the straightest expression 
Killing children and civilians through economic sanctions under the guise of “humanitarianism” is a line too many  crossing or unwilling to see. Find out more about US sanctions here: 
Closing out that Search in dominating fashion. 
So, me consulted wiv me lawyer, aka Hedgehog, of Hedgehog Lawyers 'n Stuff Inc, and he reckons itz definitely not stealin. Itz "Borrowin." #Innocent #TallulahsCrew 
Yes, Rogan is a bigot. Yet, the self-centered nature of US electoral politics and its relative unconcern for the majority of the planet is mind boggling and, frankly, criminal. Sanders is the least worst candidate in this regard. That doesn’t make it right.
So no one told you Moth Man's gonna be this way / *clap clap clap clap* Obsessed with lamps / He's damp / He kidnaps folks all day /
I wish folks so concerned with the Rogan-Sanders endorsement cared as much about the 100,000+ Iraqi children who died because of US sanctions that Sanders supported. We have yet to see his campaign renounce US sanctions on 1/3 of the human population.
Thank you, Team Stanford, for creating a  booth at the Education Celebration today, while I was across the country at my son’s graduation. I am so blessed to be on a such  team! #proudtobeLBUSD #unlockinglearningthroughrelationships 
Would absolutely purchase this. @Fangoria Vol. 1 Issue 8 
“The European Union is a group of countries that got together to screw the United States. It’s as simple as that. And frankly, they’re probably worse than China in the sense of barriers.”—President Trump, roughly at the 16 minute mark  …
Pep Guardiola: “Liverpool are fantastic, phenomenal in what they have done. We have to accept it and learn to be better to try and be close to them.” 
PREVIEW 200126 ICN #StrayKids #스트레이키즈 #SEUNGMIN #승민 #スンミン 
Enjoying my time on my official visit to Kutztown University. After spending the day with @KUHC_Clements , @CoachQuarterman , @CoachFarrell2 and @Coach_Saint, I’m blessed and thankful to receive an offer to KU! Go Golden 
When I was learning how to draw every video I would watch would say “finish the painting even if you hate it!” And while I do agree that it’s important to push yourself... if ur not feeling a painting.. scrap it.. it’s okay to start over
nature boy @GraysonDolan collab with the very talented @graysonnxethan go check it out on her acc and please rt/tag @GraysonDolan 
He was probably practising 
And the White House's security is 
This event is a fundraiser for the Marianne Williamson for President Committee for Campaign Debt Retirement. Thanks to those of you who are supporting the effort.
Explained to the 13 year old niece that now she’s a teenager she needs to rebel and she should feel her gun owning, hunting, ex-marine mother that she will be a Democrat and supports Bernie. I’m so going to get texts
snitch guerrillas out here popping out of hidden bunkers to get kawhi as he’s taking his leisure. also: WHY IS IT SO BRIGHT IN THAT ESTABLISHMENT
I don’t know what is 
Toronto got a public service announcement for filming man at Niagra Falls lmao.
Another 
Check out @greenparty_ie's twisted "gender recognition" plans for children according to their manifesto. This is the ideology that has resulted in kids being injected with puberty blockers in the UK, with extremely harmful effects:  … #GE2020 
anime_irl  
GG @TeamLiquidLoL . Im super happy with my team and I can't wait to show more of what we're capable of.
All GOP senators guilty of protecting Trump should be worried about their  election time. Not to mention any names @SenMcSallyAZ oops #Twitterslip
 !!! IF THE MUSIC STOP IM STILL ON IT ! I turned up this WHOLE ENTIRE CROWD with just MY VOICE ! That’s all I got. I’m not a nurse. I’m not a psychiatrist IM JUST THE COLDEST MC YOUVE EVER SEEN. #TinaB #EmpressOfLit RETWEET THIS 2020 I have a point to 
When  in interested, but they’re not ‘bout  …
Hey, it's midnight on Saturday so here's the second video from my book review youtube channel Shelf-Regulating System. It's about Binary Star by Sarah  …
Every mass public shooting since Columbine. Do you notice any sort of trends?  
Nothing funnier than a customer showing you their balance after their card declines
Blessed to receive a offer from University of Miami @CaneSport @CoachBlakeBaker @MiamiRecruiting @4thQtMentality @ComeauxFootball @FbIberia 
those hands... are u fucking kidding me rn 
find someone who'll love u at your worst
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.7 rocked eastern Turkey on Friday, killing at least 18 people  
Ensuring that your Gimp, no matter the model, always has a proper seal on its gasmask is important so that at any time it can be denied fresh air and made to breathe whatever you decide. This Army Gimp™ has a good seal as air only escapes via the exit valve. : 
【Today’s pickles】 #かえるのピクルス #picklesthefrog #todayspicklesofficial 
Imagine being an experienced MP and focusing all your criticism at a much younger and new female MP of your own party rather than the current government, especially looking at the right wing muppets in power right now
The Army has a new Force! @DadsArmyRadio #DadsArmy Did not stop laughing from start to finish-what a show @RealJackLane & @DavidBensonSays Catch this around the UK #theatre  
Roberts keeps getting booed almost every time he talks. 
𝐁𝐈𝐆 𝐓𝐈𝐌𝐄 𝐏𝐋𝐀𝐘𝐒 = 𝐀 𝐁𝐈𝐆 𝐓𝐈𝐌𝐄 𝐖𝐈𝐍 Cougars Prevail in Thriller Over Wichita State |  
Watch out everyone, @tim68bug is a navy vet and has witty jabs like... orange lipstick?
I HATE IT 
Good Night I love Blake and Gwen 
How does your Jewish pride intersect with your willingness to use antisemites like @lsarsour and Rep. Tlaib as  …
COMMITTED RESPECT MY DECISION #GOBUCS 
THEE BGMM is da shit. that’s it. that’s the tweet.
Today junior came home from work at lunch and walked in with some roses to show much he appreciated me, then after work he came home with a platinum dipped real rose. idk what I did to deserve a LOVE like his but I wouldn’t trade this for the 
They should ABSOLUTELY be required to recuse themselves! This is ultimate conflict of  …
Y’all call that Evolution  …
'Want-away' Bernard Mensah returns from suspension to secures point for Kayserispor against Ankaragucu  
TONIGHT ONLY MOVE AFTER THE GAME COME GET LIT W GANG PLEASE JUST A FRIENDLY REMINDER WASH YALL BEFORE YALL COME ... PUNCH PROVIDED PLUG PROVIDED YOU KNOW ITS A MOVIE WHEN GUAP x STAY WOKE x CO$Y IN @DjDrew_NC &Dj 
FINAL | Add another one to the WIN column! Taylor Sutton leads the way for MT with points on the night and Charity Savage adds another double-double to her resume. The Lady Raiders will return home to take on UTEP on Jan. 30 at 6:30 PM CST. #LadyRaiders | 
Trump Responds To Recording On Firing Ambassador Yovanovitch: ‘I Have Every Right’  
Saturday night and I like the way you  …
I’m creating an #rstats that ideally would include some large datasets - what is the best way to “include” them while keeping under 5mb?
Never seen a hero like me in a 
amy and jonah but make it domestic and looking like  …
Privacy is a myth.
Blessed to receive my 2nd offer from Belhaven University!! 
Hey guys im opening a premium snapchat and heres just some rough prices/content hmu for more 
This is testimony that the Democrats in Congress didn’t want the American people to see. They never released 
Had a good day off on Thursday. First fish of 2020 was a 3-12 smallmouth. Caught a few more nice ones. Then caught a nice female 
Dutch PM knows how PR works. Groomed his image of Mr. Nice Guy into perfection. But then the Dutch press found he was financing a terror group in Syria. Not so nice at all I would say. Even worse than those performing acts of  …
Not another god damn thing on this site will ever be as good as this. 
Please  Katy Perry on stage at the 62nd annual Grammy a awards “Break out the frame you’re in, find the adrenaline, whatever vice you like, just save me some 
The only way we will make any headway is by being truly inclusive and unified.
@Lucie_Pudilova is ready to roll at #UFCRaleigh 
I’m a gutta bitch but I love my nigga to treat me like a baby .
Stick to the 
Thanks God Its Sunday!
Warren changing up the closing of her stump here and making an explicit ask: "I'm asking you tonight  to caucus for me. Because this is our moment in history. This moment is not going  our way again."
I think he’s plotting my 
It ain’t no such thing as “too grown” to respond to disrespect..
breakfast at  …
We have restocked a limited amount of the "in my feelings vol 1" four book bundle by popular demand. We only have 500 sets. Please don't wait as these will not last. Link in bio. Love you all. 
GET THAT ASS OVER HERE ~  
Neon Genesis Evangelion episode 45: Shinji Has A Good 
When farmers' markets  zoos, the effect can be deadly. For a second time in 17 years, an epidemic has been traced to a market in China selling live  …
When you spend your last £20 on food and it’s  …
SUPPORT MA BOYS. They've been working so hard since day 1 of the revolution. They're literally the face of this rebellion. I wish you all the best  …
I thought about what Henry & June would do in the 
We bringing it back to Dallas .  …
Obi Toppin stars in first half as Dayton Flyers build lead against Richmond  
It's their night. It's their world. 
A super evening firing Douglas on the Red Rose diner @eastlancsrly for Burns night. Saw the Haggis being piped in by the 
it’s honestly extremely anxiety inducing to see so many liberals who said absolutely nothing about Hillary openly defending transphobes like *a month ago* be so eager to smear bernie as a transphobe for posting a video of a problematic dude who endorsed him
wooo 
“If she has Seulgi’s looks, she is probably Seulgi.” - Wendy (again) 
Ok ok, I guess I’ll hop on the bandwagon 
The above older tweet of mine is getting some attention so I should add in an important detail that I didn't learn about or connect until later  …
THANK YOU GOD
Nanny’s boy attempted to justify Boer War Concentration camps  the death rate in them with the death rate in Glasgow at the time. Quite frankly this overpriveleged streak of piss should do a spell in a refugee camp to educate the  …
The Iran crisis began on Dec. 31, while Trudeau was on vacation in Costa Rica. He refused  home early, extending his vacation to 17 days. Dozens of Canadians were murdered by Iran. Now the #coronavirus crisis  to Toronto. And Trudeau is taking a “personal 
we don't talk enough about how beautiful this episode is "It's cool, dude. We don't have to 
Want 2 take time 2 wish a member of OUR FAMILY Happy B-day, @seb_costantini, hope u enjoy ur day! #PSUnrivaled #107kStrong #WeAreFamily
 … #SanBernardino #CA Stunning 5yo Loba knows she’s in trouble. This “shelter” is HIGH KILL! Lots of #GSDs there not much attention... Please help #Retweet #Adopt #Rescue #Foster 
Yeah lol she wants to be an actress
It felt good taking a picture in my school seeming as were not aloud phones out, I’m a baddie 
Saved from the rubble by a Syrian refugee, a survivor of Turkey’s Elazig earthquake laments the “stones we throw” at them. As @selvinkorkmaz aptly adds “at that moment neither bread, borders nor homeland mattered, only remaining human. If only we could always achieve this”.  …
Lebron is about to pass Kobe on the all time scoring list. Tonight about to be annoying as hell.
I have news for Pompeo. The people of #MI09 care about Ukraine - a lot! Because that’s the homeland of many of us, and important to our  Plus, all patriotic Americans need to care about Russia trampling a vulnerable  …
If Burna Boy win this Grammy award im giving 10k each to first 12 people that retweet this tweet, leggo
Happy Year of the Rat! Many people do not know that pet rats make great pets, are smart/trainable, and love to form a relationship with their owner! #yearoftherat #goodpetsforkids #petrats #veterinarymedicine #betterthanhamstersandgerbils 
Rip brother sorry for your loss , at least we got one more on guard in  …
ALL ACADEMY CHAMP Make that back-to-back as Trey Brisker wins the 157 lbs. title! #LetsFly
Bittersweet part of Cheers rewatch: counting down until Coach’s final appearance. We just hit it. 
Niggas really getting too old to be using that as a trump card. You know they really don’t have much self control or self  …
Seeking people in Wisconsin to help us with some tactical planning for #BernieOrVest in Milwaukee. Please DM me for more information.
Many heavy hearts on hand in Rink 2 this evening to pay tribute to a man who took a tremendous amount of pride in the teams he coached and brought joy to his family, friends, and players alike. Steve will always be in our thoughts, forever with the program, and in our 
Let’s celebrate what was a great year for the 
Ima firm believer of jus because you love somebody don’t mean y’all need to be together
here's some rowdy lizards 
Imagine sitting in the jury at a trial for Ted Bundy, and the prosecution says something that hurts your feelings, and you say, “I’m going to vote to acquit Ted because I’m mad.”
Benjamin Jones DROP YOUR SKIN CARE  …
Kentucky cashes +135 1H ML on this half court buzzer beater 
On January 25, 1992, ‘All 4 Love’ by Color Me Badd reached #1 on the Billboard Hot 
Weren’t you voted out in 2018? Sit all the way down  …
First off I’d like to thank god, my family, and coaches for providing me this opportunity to continue my academic and football career! I’m so beyond excited to announce that I am  to Appalachian State University #rockboyz21 @coach_sclark @Coach_JWatts 
Next gf I get getting 
Since the chemistry issues speculation, we’ve had Lou and Trezz helping Bev shoot his shot at Iggy Azaela, a wholesome locker room video after Kawhi’s triple double, and Bev and Kawhi throwing stacks in the club together. Clipset.
I’m not normally one to gloat, but I make an exception in his case, and all the other shysters who tried to overturn our democratic process just to protect their own self interests !!!!!
Grateful to have had 3 sons play in the POLYNESIAN BOWL. Faafetai tele lava to the ⁦  for the opportunity and wonderful experience. ⁦ @jungleboii02⁩ ⁦ @peneisewell58⁩ ⁦ @B1essah⁩ #FOE #SEWELLSTRONG 
We know who you can't trust! Join your hosts @TheSeaRose & @SelinaSuede with special guests @FlindersEmma @trudytalk & @BeenaGeorge70 for a @Tagtoos_ production & part of @HashtagRoundup Let's play: #NeverTrustAPersonWho has less than 50 followers.. They are not 
how I deal w all my  …
Hey Pokemon Go PVP players. Give me a sleeper Rose Cup Pokemon. #PogoPVP #GirlsThatPvP #PVP @GOStadiumPvP #Battlers
Hey @netflix, I wanna make a movie with  …
Eh hem, @DrGJackBrown expands eloquently on her body language.   …
#AEWDynamite  to Cleveland, Huntsville, Austin, Atlanta & Kansas City leading the the #AEWRevolution PPV in Chicago Sat, Feb 29th  #ImWithAEW 
There are obviously some degenerate gore and such posted to social media but when I started seeing /pol memes, 9/11 truth and facts about immigration being roped into this, as culprits for why moderators are getting PTSD, I knew there was an ulterior motive with it. Seems lame.  
I learned from you and everyone on this list Claire. I’m grateful!
I love you  …
Bernie Sanders lamented that being stuck in Washington for Donald Trump’s impeachment trial is putting him “at a disadvantage“ to former Vice President Joe Biden in 
Rahm calling out CBS for not getting his eagle on 2!
31st JANUARY 1933 “Even many  in sympathy...have been shaking their heads. The "Deutsche Allgemaine Zeitung” an ultra-Conservative paper, believes it will be extremely difficult for the Nazis and the Nationalists in the Government to pull  …
Yeah, okay then. "Get rid of her. Get her out tomorrow. I don't care. Get her out tomorrow. Take her out. OK? Do it," Trump is heard  …
I'm sorry, but Labor has jumped the shark. The Greens have lost the working class. Now is the time to start an alternative party. Who's with me? #newfuture  …
They don’t have to dig it up,  to them voluntarily. And, yes, it will  out - but they’re not worried, they’ll just continue to lie, because lying works with this ignorant party, and it’s supporters.
I'm watching #DoctorWho for the first time since I was a child. Gee it's good.
 … They had no case, A+ for transcribing the talking points you were issued. They match every other GOP senator's.
You deserve love that doesn’t require you to suffer.
How ya doin baaaaabbbbby.. 
Me when I’m sat in lectures in  …
Barcelona players that ruled over Valverde  semi-retired wimps won’t wait long to sabotage Setien if they want to, and the media will give them plenty of support.
CANOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I love @cmclymer so much!!!!  …
This evening on @MeTV! @Svengoolie presents his big premiere broadcast of Joan Crawford in the Herman Cohen-Jim O'Connolly-Columbia thriller production of "Berserk!" (1967) @8 p.m. ET/7 p.m. CT! See you all tonight, fellow #Svengoolie SvenPals everywhere! 
@petewentz thank you for inspiring me to every point imaginable. Pushing me to try my hardest and do my best. Replicating your iconic jeans and wearing Ronin, I feel empowered in my skin for the first time in my life. Thank you. 
Good morning brunch will set you up for the day. Today I will reflect and honour the Ancestors by going gentle 
He looks fine. Just taking 1 of those bloody flu naps that make you leak blood 
Making some stickers for 
[ Spotify ] Epiphany has surpassed 65M streams on Spotify. It the 7th most streamed BTS Solo song on the platform! Congratulations Jin  …) #방탄소년단진 #방탄진 #진 #석진 #JIN #BTSJIN #SEOKJIN @BTS_twt
Okay that’s cool  …
Incidentally, no one knows how many cows and sheep are in this area because BLM conveniently left off the numbers. But some permits are year round and it looks like some are over their 
Busy Woman / 
A guy asked me why I identity as a sissy instead of as a woman. This will be controversial but here goes. Women can have babies, I can't. My role isn't procreation but to be a sexual object for men. A fantasy, a release and yes, maybe a novelty! I embrace this special 
Elias Ainsworth, from the Ancient Magus’ Bride. Photos by Studio Mermage. 
How much traveling do you plan on doing this year Curt? 
When you  crimes, was your lawyer there?
Happy birthday to me 
Hello from Buena Vista University in Storm Lake, where @PeteButtigieg will speak 
Want  in Winter Breeze? Sign ups CLOSE in less than 2 weeks! Please sign up  your teams by 7th 
Because Rey never got a piece of this. 
Oh my gosh, yes, girl! Poster child for breast feeding failure right here, and also a pediatrician. I felt like a failure and also had moms ask me all day long if i was breastfeeding my baby. My milk never came in. Ever. With either child. Fed is best. Do what you need to do.
You walk in my room and see mai-san 
Attention Americans Abroad #VotingForBernie! Please register with Democrats Abroad to vote for Bernie in the #GlobalPrimary! It is easy. You can register and vote online (print and email ballot).  … Let us know if you want to do more!! @Bernie2020UK
Apologies if I take a while to message back! overwhelmed by your generosity I reflect that for many, today is a day marked by recent or past loss and grief It is a day to tell stories about who we are, what we have done & to recognise what is lost when we do not tell the truth
i took these the other day at work but i didnt look at them until now and they’re actually really 
Some outfit concepts for Maya! She prefers simplicity  over flashy style. ^^ Tools used: - Wacom Cintiq 12WX - Photoshop CC - Lazy Nezumi Pro Maya and art belong to 
Always the goat at UofL. There is no 
Barefaced 
happy free confused and lonely at the same 
they are living their best lifes together 
Announcer : Her Opponent From Toronto Ontario Canada Aliyah! [ 
Why did Sherri Hill have to go off this year like can I pls go back to prom ????
Do people still use the slang “mamajama”?
@RepAdamSchiff here's a few #facts for you .. Maybe you should pretend you even care about facts for a minute and give this a read .. #FactsMatter White House Defense: These Are the 6 Key Facts the Democrats Seem to Forget  …
these in high quality omfg be quiet im breaking down 
burning in  …
WBB: Otterbein - 77, Heidelberg - 74 (FINAL) ... Cards hang on in closing minute to secure much-needed OAC victory! Senior Abbie Scholz tallies massive double-double of 20 points and 13 rebounds. Full  soon! 
Oathtaking Ceremony  – at Xavier Estates Clubhouse
@mary elizabeth winstead  
It is hard to detect sincerity from a so-called leader whose approach to the unprecedented bushfires was hands off until pressured. Actions speak louder than words.
You’re right about one thing... a “Presidency” like yours should never be allowed to happen again. How a criminal, self-serving chaos-maker, working for a foreign government made it into our White House is baffling, shameful and a danger to our very democracy.
#SJSharks Tomas Hertl on the emergence of Aaron Dell as the No. 1 goalie: “He wins some games for us, and at least if he doesn’t win the game, he’ll keep it close.” More #FantasyHockey reax from #NHLAllStar Weekend:  
REMEMBER WHEN WILLIAM DID AN EXTRA CREDIT BIOLOGY MATH PROBLEM ABOUT HYPERBOLIC GEOMETRY IN MARINE ORGANISMS LIKE CORAL & OLIVER THOUGHT WILL WANTED HIS HELP BUT HE ACTUALLY WANTED FELICITY'S & THEN OLIVER GOT MAD WILL & FELICITY THOUGHT HE DIDN'T KNOW WHAT CORAL WAS
she’s for the streets, but its all good though because i stay on the block..
the art the 
Happy 
HE LIKED MY THREAD ??? SIR 
Posting a mini @ProBeautyAssoc #ISSE haul on my Instagram stories! Haven’t been to a beauty convention in.... 
Of course it's happening - your paper helped make sure of it. Definitely worth trashing the country for a shiny coin! Good work.
People who don't believe God put Trump in the White House just don't want to talk about how much God hates America.
Thanks so much to @freshnet Tom Robinson for asking me to join him on @BBC6Music tonight.. I had a ball.. as requested here's a playlist of the tracks.. plus a long (very long) playlist of my work over the years - Let me know your favourite 
Got to see the Gundam lit up last night. Was really cool to finally see it in 
AND THAT'S ON SEAVIEW COTTAGE 88
 are all well and good, but nothing would have prevented Rogan from correcting Stephen A in real time. He was standing right next to Stephen as he was making  But rather than correcting him, Rogan just giggled along with him.  …
Some great racing courtesy of @Jessekrohn and @NickTandyR. The no. 24 MOTUL BMW M8 GTE is leading the GTLM class at the #Rolex24. #RaceTheLimit #BMWM8GTE #IMSA #BMW #BMWM #BMWMMotorsport #24hDaytona #Rolex24 
that Ambassador was going around telling Foreign Leaders that Trump is going to get Impeached That is called SEDITION and the Sentence is 25 years Trump was right and within his rights to fire her and he should fire more democrat holdovers
BRO CODE : All ladies out please Brother if you want to confuse her ba, just go to her media, like all the pictures of her and retweet some of them. Bro she will notice you and know about that your long hidden "Secret crush". Thank me later, what are friends for G9t
my design .. hope you like it retweet for support #interiordesign #architecture #3dsMax #vray 
On my last day at Vegas for @avnawards i got to see @KeiraCroft my sweetheart my soul mate and gamer hope i see u again next year  to nj for exxxotica. 
Mustang Nation came out to support the back to back NAIA National Champions 
Kawhi 
Sending thanks to the talented @imLeor and his 2020 goal of visiting every @chipublib branch for reminding me of how magical and necessary libraries are. And, oh yeah, thanks to my supersmart sister @librariesval, too
2¢ bout to have a crazy 2020 ...
What if Kane met Russell? JR: I would’ve loved that. If there’s anything that could’ve achieved Gabriel’s vision it probably would’ve been Kane. He might have been able to change Russell’s mind. #UNITYDAYS2020 #UD4
Happy Australia Day ...keep living the dream 
Without a doubt, Trump WILL establish a Dictatorship if Russia is successful in stealing the election for him, yet again, in 2020...this scares the hell out of me.
babe please get out of timmy thick's replies spamming "fuck it dm me" my homegirls are sending it in the groupchat and you're embarrassing me please babe
The stats guru @CoachToddGolden does it again. Up 2 against BYU with under 30 seconds to go in the game, fouled a 59% FT shooter, he misses the front end of a 1 and 1 (that player is a pro btw) and @USFBasketball gets the HUGE W. Congrats my boy!!
Hi yes I would like to introduce you to my new religion, where we love & appreciate the beautiful goddess that is Jirou 
That's an Islander Victory! 
Damn niggas can’t play the game after work? Lol
The war against neo-liberal surfdom. Vive la France!!  …
Preseason camp underway in days. 
White girls will be in the library making color coded study guides before classes even start. Like here’s the attention that you ordered that’ll be $9.99 bro
This is gonna be a great album  …
Do calories count on the weekend?? 
Terriers Give Spartans First Conference Loss, Now on 3 Game Win 
Who wants to part of a tradition like this 
ICYMI: Bakkt president Adam White shared some details about one of the major developments underway at the Intercontinental Exchange-backed venture while speaking at  …
@the universe...I’ll do anything...I’ll get on my knees...and  …
Unfortunately, mother nature's rath will not be pretty. When we ignore the warning signs, I guess we deserve what we get! But, the rich will be fine. Don't worry about them. They will have filtered water  far from the fires & storms caused by global warming.
Muhammad was a rapist. So islam  rapists. Erdogan is an islamist. So Turkey will  rapists. Do you want that to happen in your country as well? Vote for socialists or liberals or social/christian-democrats. All betrayers of freedom. I will STOP  …
Look at the confidence here from Nick Richards — riling up the Texas Tech crowd after taking a charge. Pretty awesome to see him transform from a bit player his first two years at UK to its most reliable big this 
Bandy legs Bandt is a moron and a tosser. Brains of a bandicoot’s  …
"Out the way Ref!" 
PHOTO | HQ photos Bob, Eliza, Sara & Lola with a fan during photo ops at #UD4 (via @Bellarke_Please) #Beliza 
ARMY HQ:  
Drop Everything!!! "All Request Saturday Night w/ Kenny Kidd" STARTS NOW!!! Only on  & @985WNCX 216-578-1985 #DrinkABeer #Kiddiots #Horns 
The first-ever National Pro-Life Summit is in the books! This will be the generation that makes history by ending the killing of our defenseless preborn children & restoring Constitutional protections for every human being. 
“This is what you can expect to happen … at an average of 3C [increase],” “We are seeing a sign of what would be normal conditions in a 3C world. It tells us what the future world might look like. This really brings home what climate change  …
The highlights as Motherwell are held at home by 
Don't miss #NiallHoran at The Forum on May 18! Enter now for your chance to win a pair of  …
Okay... (I spend a minute wondering what a coo is and uh, I am  …
he (out of focus 
She came alone to Bali with her friend 
IT'S 2020, DO NOT MISS CHANCES LIKE THIS! Win 1 of 5 x $100 in crypto or a Trezor Model One!! 5 winners!! Giveaway ends on: February 9, 2020 12:00 am UTC Prizes Sent on: February 11, 2020 12:00 am UTC  … @cctip_io airdrop 0.01 ETH 100
"I guess I'm out of the book club." #Lost 
Ripping off American students and leaving them in debt forever wasnt enough. You wanted that China money. Now look at you. On a gurney at a hospital.
yay!! 4 of the ?? 6? pokemon sword and shield charms im working on 
Vicki Gunvalson Jokes She and Tamra Judge Are "Thelma and Louise" After RHOC 
Jessie J Says She Feels 'Happiness from the Inside Out' After PDA-Filled Date with Channing 
What if Klay pulled to a strip club wearing an Anta hoodie
When you get the dub! 
Another necessary thread.  …
Psychological  …
Ayo why he moan like that  …
Better yet, keep NPR around - just fire everyone and syndicate conservative talk radio
People unfollow when I post nose pics, maybe I will try ankle pics next
Prayer Warriors a request from @ComonSensei for friend Monet. Dr’s recently found 2 abscesses in her spine that has to be removed thru surgery. So we are believing for a safe surgery and speedy recovery. better yet, a miracle. also, for God to meet all her family needs PLZ RT
What if Kane met Russell. JR: I would have loved that. If there's anyone who could have achieved what Gabriel was trying, it might have been Kane.
Sam Roberts look like a Big Mouth character
Zulu Alpha flies by Magic Wand to register a two-length victory in the $1 million Pegasus World Cup Turf Invitational over last year’s runner-up Magic Wand. @DRFWelsch with  …
Live now Happy weekend!  
NIKLAUS got ADOPTED! TYSM adopters &SPCA of Northeastern #NC @reddogsusie @msmorgan1968 @WinglessBird_ @SandraK93322487 @EMluvsPibbles @samjarvis49 @Rehflocke @for_pittys @GoldenBeverley @Janetlynne211 @Gailmike101 @rollca49 @goth_vegan @Barbann56 @4paws8 
NPR reporter says Pompeo cursed at her, told her to point to Ukraine on map and then he was frustrated when she did. Used the F word and worse. These are @SenateGOP approved princes appointed by @realDonaldTrump, the king of the swamp.  …
BLASIAN KINGx 
i hate controlling ass people
I always enjoy telling people how San Diego gets its water. It’s quite a feat, and an expensive one. But @ryrivard did it much better than I can. I love these 
katie and colin are so adorable 
[WTS/LFB] *Note: This is onhand and ready to ship RFS: Extras 3RD Generation Fankit Goods (2) TWICEZINE + OUTBOX - 670 (1) MOUSEPAD - 410 (2) MEMO PAD - 300 (1) BADGE SET - 460 (1) ID LACE + ID PHOTOCARD SET - 2500 (1) Jihyo Set - 400 (1) Dahyun pc - 300 -see photos 
goodnight moots say it back! love y’all. 
did this with no effort 
Looking forward to watching our Texas Tech Red Raiders beat the Kentucky Wildcats tonight with my friend @barrforcongress! #GoRedRaiders 
Humanity lives among us. 2nd wave of the big relief operations for Taal victims yesterday. It was a joint effort by the Phil Embassy led by Amba HJayceelyn Quintana & Emirates Red Crescent. Thank you UAE, our second home. To God be all the glory @mainedcm 
the context is that several thousand things went wrong in the 24hr course of my trip getting here and I was freaking out to chase every time something 
Lordy, now they have a mixed tape. #AMJoy  …
It’s Iggy’s ... we just living in it #WatchUsRise ( 
Just some selfies, of me looking like a 
#ShivangiJoshi lives Naira. The reason why Naira became India's Most Loved Character in short span of time. The only character who has craze both online and offline! Your fav cannot relate! So don't   …
Thanks Benny, that's definitely the real scandal  …
The 2014 Rolling Stone #Phish fan vote for best song legacy is alive and 
Birthday Party Pack 10 Wood Toy Train Engines BP-1-169AAH-U unfinished or finished  
After a great day at The University of Memphis, I’m excited to say that I was offered a scholarship. Thank you to @RSilverfield @CoachJimBridge and the rest of the staff for making me feel so  @CoachSanders14 @BigWillie7179 @coachjakediesel @dlowery44 @RecruitGeorgia 
people get one triple double and start acting different
me sitting in bed with a 102 degree fever watching youtuber 
Having a nice day off in Munich, Germany today. Thanks for the shoutout @WWENXT 
Wtf this is how a parent should be to a young one ?
Seriously, thank you everyone who has bought my b-o-o-k since last week. I’m stunned it sold more than 13 copies lol. I bought what I thought would last all year and I’m already about to order more. If it makes you laugh a little in these stressful times, that makes me happy.
It's so weird to not have a Takeover during a big 4 weekend. #WorldsCollide
Which Greek Deity did I get...? #Hestiaisbestia #danmachi 
60s style. See more photos here:  
If Captain Marvel isn't gay in  then explain this  
please I just hope the  there will not be any digital monsters promoting at the same time...we have to get wins for our boys
i was gonna say i’m surprised that this is getting some numbers but when THAT baekhyun existed i should’ve expected it. muting this tho love y’all 
You can half-ass a second or third language. I dunno when I'll be fluent in Dutch or French, but it's been fun, and saved my sanity. Plus, new Twitter friends!
China's president Xi Jinping warns killer coronavirus is accelerating as doctor dies and US evacuates its citizens from 
Werc, 
lol ok but they are not the same. do not have the same taste or  …
ash crimson at the end of kof13  …
so @ATLFaZe plays in like 30 min and i must screm I MUST PREPARE MY BOURBON DRAAAAANK AND WATCH THE BOIS #EZAF #ATLUP
en wears leopard print.. i hate him so 
a sequel to Uncut Gems about a manic florist called Uncut Stems .send tweet
Well...I guess if it was someone important, the whole world would know...oh yeah, the whole world knows
“We don’t want Mir (Mousavi) nor the Leader, nor Akbar’s (Rafsanjani) bastards.” 
SATURDAY NIGHT MEETUP! Let's make some new friends! RETWEET this TWEET! FOLLOW all who RETWEET! BOOKMARK to RETWEET & FOLLOW s'more! PARTY in 
find someone you know will put you  …
Wow i too have plans to release film adaptations of video games but have not had the opportunity to talk to nintendo about it
Heading into the city like . 
Swedes take game 2 with a score of 6-0! More dominant pitching. JR Manuel Rodriguez with the win. 6 innings. 2 hits allowed. 0 runs. 11 KS FR Kirk Perry finishes it off in the 7th by striking out the side!! Series will continue with a DH tomorrow starting at noon!
Maple Grove Science Bowl 2020! (w/ picture) @MapleGroveSrHS @MGSHPrincipal 
guys im gonna do it, im gonna drop  book chapter you guys just watch me
I'll be launching a dev blog for Kingfall soon. Follow progress & watch us build an MMORPG from the ground up!  …
It was an honor to receive an award last night from @CAIROregon for our work passing Oregon’s new hate crime and bias law. Our receptionist, Sandi, and Legislative Director, Aaron, also received an award for their work with the bill. Thank you for a powerful 
The chic has said mbu there will be no date for me even at the Eiffel Tower, if I dont know what happens at #mengather2020 . Ababimanyi munyambe nange 
To Thatchercrats, going on a popular show hosted by someone ideologically different than you and stating your positions unapologetically is an unacceptable form of coalition building. To them, only pledging to cut welfare and build more prisons are acceptable coalition building.
Leaked video proving behind the scenes, 45 is keeping his word to the people in fighting 
Massive respect to Felipe Colares for surviving that onslaught. A big heart! #UFCRaleigh
Legendary moments in the  Fran forever a  …
The Maguire’s and Pascoe’s on the Meriton ferry  – at Sydney Harbour
Powerful responses, thank you!
There is no single driver of the wealth gap, but a system that is still heavily stacked against  …
"Call the witnesses. Hear the evidence. Have a fair trial,” he urged. #LevParnas’s attorney hilariously trolls #MitchMcConnell in bid for witnesses during impeachment trial  … #WeWantWitnessesAndDocuments
if you’re not my bf fuck i gotta be nice for
An evening video update. Our ongoing system. The early February candidate. Remember you can enlarge & control these 
the poet the poem #StarWars 
Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill
Bubblegum Crisis is accidentally a meme 
the artist ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤthe 
Think Tim Curry wins the 
I’m sticking w them. They making it hard but I bleed blue like a bunch of other  …
The admins need to take action against stuff like this in a qualifier. Can’t believe what I am  …
thanks to people buying Exes in Mechsuits for extra ($15), there are plenty  copies available for folks who can't afford a $10 game. if you're queer / trans / broke, you can claim a copy for free!  …
hi here's a sneak peek of a custom font I've been working on, please let me design your band's next gig poster so I can use it on something cool 
ACCURACYABOVEALLELSE Making tweaks or changes because something the original author said made you a little  is NOT the goal of an accurate translation. If they said the N word, translate the N word. An inaccurate translation is not satisfactory.
SHIT SORRYYYY, CANT  …
troika is so going so well my players have made fanart about what is 
Oh my gosh this is so hot 
trying to get out of a conversation with someone that doesn’t like 
Think we have reached full capacity in this part of my shop. 
moonbyul: a 
They name everything, preserve everything, and put their names on everything but for whatever reason them slave ships are no where to be found.
MR. TOKIYA ICHINOSE I LOVE YOU SO SO MUCH YOU ARE LITERALLY A RAY OF SUNSHINE YOU ARE SO SOFT AND SO CUTE AND SO PERFECT IN EVERY WAY I WOULD DO ANYTHING FOR YOU JUST TO SEE THAT PERFECT SMILE OF YOURS YOU ARE LITERALLY THE LIGHT OF MY LIFE MY REASON FOR LIVING I JUST LOVE YOU 
Co-Hosting for a great cause with the stunning ⁦ @CityCynthia⁩ tonight! #DragonBall2020 #yhdragonball ⁦ 
Gotta work the rush moves! Club rip, double swipe, club punch, chop throw, lift and finish with counter 
This is a huge step for my bro! This seemed impossible a couple weeks ago, but  a long way  …
Wonderful older man ! 
new vid, isn’t it lovely?   like and retweet! it’s a banger like always 
Something big Coming up...Kindly DM @targetfoods for all your Favorite Milkshakes 
I AGREE WITH @JGSchneid & @WendyWilliams ! Jackie was the Host of the party and can serve whatever she pleases! Much just like a Bride can serve whatever she chooses! This manufactured @BravoTV @Andy “storyline” about food at events is getting real old! #RHONJ #RHOD  …
why didn’t god gave me a gym body without the gym
Thank you for reading our story.  …
Renegade (Glee Cast Version) (that’s not the title of that TikTok song but it’s the only part we here at gleesingles know and it’s not like Ryan Murphy is any more in touch than we are)
let me love you a little more before you’re not so little anymore 
A Comprehensive 30 Page Probability and Statistics Cookbook | #BigData #Analytics #DataScience #IoT #PyTorch #Python #RStats #TensorFlow #Java #JavaScript #ReactJS #GoLang #CloudComputing #Serverless #DataScientist #Linux #Statistics via @gp_pulipaka |  
Blessed To Say That I Have Verbally Committed To Belhaven University!!! @CoachSmouse 
Twisted Metal is trending for literally no reason, and I can't even begin to tell you how fed up I am up with the trending section of this app.
Anyone have a total confirmed coronavirus case number?
Is nothing sacred anymore  
#ChucksGotToGo The Defense #Crushed it today! Americans are tired of #establishment politicians #Lying to us. #TermLimitsforCongress #Trump2020
Sweet in the middle #TachaXSoldOut #TachaXHypeAndSteam 
sorry if this sounds too egotistical but i love my body and i think i'm kinda hot ngl... very happy rn sorry
never playing with her again 
GO STREAM “CRY FOR ME”, ON @audiomack #NowTrending  
this is the only video i want to watch for the rest of my life  …
big drip i fell in love with a lit bitch 
"So can we all just stop for a moment to listen to what the clock faces inside the eye sockets are murmuring and what the red says? Those are the surreal voices we should be tasting  …
Yup mfers is weird for recording. But its still funny as fuck because kawhi be lookin bored as shit even throwing money at a stripper lmao
Imagine how that must feel to be the Miami Heat. This man went to a strip club, flew in for a game, gave you 33-10-10 and got a victory. Jesus.
Always makes me so happy to see homies achieving their goals.
Oh, the tyranny of small  …
I've been asked by several to repost this ~ This heavily pregnant mare is NOT safe from the Oklahoma kill pen. As always, I post in hopes that someone can help her or help me to get her into good hands to have that baby. To help me do that we need $750  
not to be dramatic or anything but i would die for 
This is the dumbest statement of 2020
While we remember the 6 million Jews murdered by the Nazis this #UNIHRD, let us also remember the Nazi reach into Arab lands and the persecution of Mizrahi Jews. And let us contextualise the oldest hatred and ask what we are doing  it in its modern  …
Anyone need an add-on for the Apple II that includes electrodes? This is the HRM Biofeedback Microlab!  
changbin lives off water and annoying 
Spiritual mix with beat 
Mavs in the clutch... let’s see what happens #MFFL
#SaveBenSolo because they deserved their @Disney fairytale 
The critical element missing>The Dutch are signatories to the ECHR>Australia has no equivalent. In short> "We don't have a Bill of Rights. Our constitution does not contain any meaningful human right/evironmental protections" ~ George  …
The poet The 
Huda Beauty “hoodie” lashes are my current faves 
Donald McIntyre (1923-2009) Above the High Water 
Really proud of these 9 girls! Tournament Champs!! 
Givin’ Big Boss the 
Kawhi earned equity with me today
Keep giggling about how many people were offended by my tweet that was all 'Parasite is > to 1917'. But this makes me sure that latter will take the Oscar. It's easier for people to worship its achievement since that achievement is so explicit about its own difficulty/glory.
My favorite album vs me  
Someone just tried to call me. Mobile number I didn’t recognise. AT THIS TIME OF NIGHT. Probably an accidental pocket dial or something. At least I hope. What kind of monster CALLS people?
No need to whine about it.... Almost 100,000 gallons of cabernet sauvignon spills from California 
we tweeted #BringBenSoloBack over 40k times last night, can we do the same for #SaveBenSolo tonight? (currently at 32k and the night is still 
Atiny! Remember to keep streaming! This is definitely one of our strong points, and we can't slow down! Make sure you stream videos in between watching #에이티즈's #Answer videos MV:  MCD stage:  We can do this! 
The rejection The 
I’m watching pandemic on netflix and genuinely freaking out rn I’m not a conspiracy theorist but what the fuck the timing is WEIRD  …
The application that I cried over that had me so in my feelings, I just found out I got it
the worst thing ab prison was the 
The MCHS quick recall team went through the 2019-20 WKAA season undefeated, finishing with a record of 14-0-1 and the Academic Bowl title. The Mustangs won their last 13  …
My ex just sent me a video collage of old pics and this little toxic fucker.
Spotted in our vet’s office: the perfect way  your dearly departed four-legged 
All Ball 
#Kenya7s. Gooooo Team Kenya. Amazing game 
yes i am sexually attracted to men. yes i hate men. we exist
Painted a real good boy today I just love ravens so much guys 
5 months ago, we all didn’t know each other! Then @cheveningfco happened and brought us to @cardiffuni And now, we are best of friends! We are family! Representing our countries is our joy! Celebrating end of semester one! It’s been real @CelakAnna @UKinKenya 
Nobody performs like her I said what I  …
Friends, The Virus Bulletin archive from 1989 - 1991 in now live.  Really interesting papers which give an insight into the birth of the offense and defense of VX. 1luv -smelly__vx
By international standards, these are bold proposals. Can Paris tackle pollution, congestion, and housing access and affordability 
I want more gay  just in general. Literally the only one I can think of offhand is "Jenny's Wedding"  to think of it, is more of a  out story. I just want a gay rom-com that's like any straight  cute, funny, and predictable.
A warm front has moved through Northern California this afternoon supplying us with some mild air. Well into the 60s in a lot of cities right now; in store for a mild night 
The Lakers say that JaVale McGee will miss his second straight game with flu-like symptoms.
“But father, why would one have sex on the telly? That sounds horribly  and could lead to a horrific gash.” *dad turns to camera*
OMG OMG 
A list of patents which deal with this ‘new’ coronavirus. Well there is a pretty recent patent as of July 4th, 2019 with this coronavirus. We know how most of these viruses are lab created and this provides some more reach or information to  …
I expect to see solidarity suspension boobs trending the next few days.
Bad boys bad boys Watcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do When  for you
 home, Coach 
10 observations from Mesquite at Arcadia  
GOP Senator John Barrasso Says He Saw 'Blood Drain From Schiff's Face' When Trump's Defense Team Played Video of Fake Call and Transcript (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
The #VaqueroVillage is already rockin’! We are about an hour from tip-off...still plenty of time to get to the @GoUTRGV Fieldhouse for tonight’s game! #BeatNewMexicoState #RallyTheValley 
Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital in #HongKong allegedly is providing its medical staff w/ expired masks, some dated back as far as Oct’18. Support medical staff to go on strike - why should they risk their lives when #CarrieLam is  #WuhanCoronavirus into 
This quote from a local govt attorney is both ridiculous & irrelevant. These cities are violating the law & harming public health by dumping raw sewage into waterways. They agreed to court-approved schedule  by upgrading sewers. Trump admin is letting them  …
Aces @SIRVolleyPG ante @pallavolopadova 
All we want is fair and balanced reporting. Unfair to the 2400 supporters and the club with this headline when we do more than most in these areas. We are an inclusive  …
is he you 
Interesting find while I was looking for the Spanish Fort Isabella nr Retranchement, Netherlands. In 1622 the Spanish built the Lines of Vuile Vaart to try & take back losses in 1604. Fort Isabella was known to partially survive, but we seem to have another redoubt to S. here 
I've reached a point where I'm saying to myself "You know what? Shut up. Nobody cares"
This was a letter to me from a stranger. I needed it. I just caught myself being angry and ashamed over the “quality” of my work. So I read this, and I asked myself...”quality” by whose standards? Society? The patriarchy? Capitalism? Who?? I couldn’t answer  …
One of my favourite things about the Super Bowl are the Movie Trailers #KFAF @KindaFunnyVids Photoshop Challenge! 
How to scare a paper mario 
i want,,,,a real dirty dom/sub, dehumanization fic w/ johnyong, johnny as the older, rich businessman and yonggie as his young, sweetly obedient little pet who just wants to please his Master, even if that means letting a whole bunch of Master’s friends fuck & degrade & use him
This is exactly what it sounds like when liberals try and show solidarity with oppressed  …
Sam Roberts isn’t good at playing the heel role, he’s just annoying. #WorldsCollide
In Weekend at Bernie's Andrew McCarthy's character says you know what my father got for working hard all his life? More work! So if we vote Democrat what do we get for paying back our student loans? To pay off the loans of those who won't bother!
Does this not look like one of those boring ass intros to a  …
Not tryna be rude or anything I’m just wondering what this dude was hoping to achieve GFUEL RTs me and random people start tweeting me like this lol
Ya'll know I would have to post this!!! @DanielMulcahy19 @thundacat830 PRICELESS 
. @BernieSanders: "We intend to take on the  and finally do what presidents have talked about for 100 years... guarantee health care to all!" #BernieInIA  …
My birthday 2019 / 2020 Worst #1YearChallenge ever #SaveBenSolo and next year everything will be fine! #bensolo 
Once again showing how “Move On” has been hating Bernie and a shill for the DNC and coroporate Dems since 2015. They must be boycotted and no progressive should give them a penny or attend any events held by them. They bashed him in 2016 and gave us Trump. Remember  …
Vaping is good for you. Quite possibly. In any case, this displays a better understanding of  that 99% of public health people appear capable  …
WE SAID WHAT WE SAID
Good night See you 
Adam Schiff is a piece of schiff, notice my lower case, lol, thank you Mr Mc Carthy for standing by our President KAG 2020
Don’t panic, peoplekind of Canada. Justin and I will keep you safe. #ParodyCabinet #coronavirus 
Hating women isn’t a meme for me. It’s not an online persona. It’s  It’s a way of  …
It is this context you need to know to see what statement the government is making with this award. They are not only condoning her campaign, they are legitimising it - agreeing with it - endorsing it. Morrison govt opposes women’s rights and feminism. Sad day for Australia. End.
Make this go viral!!!! These hoes are crazy in Akron 
Biskit is best boi. He gets  …
japan: *has earthquake* boomer on facebook: "3 words... pearl harbor"
Best of luck to Larry Fedora @CoachFedora at  …
Muss: “ I don’t know if there is a college guard who can do more defensively than Jimmy Whitt “
Concerns about the Tigers are valid, but this is when the team needs the fan base the most. Stick with em. Despite the ugly loss, improvements happened today. Turnovers and shot selection still the biggest killer. One of the youngest teams in the country. Don’t lose faith 
she’s 
If she broke an OTR agreement....absolutely he can. And he did it privately. If, he in fact, did do what she said.
Good  …
Took the set 2-1 vs Ned. Made top 64 winners side, I’m too excited for the rest of bracket
Unsigned senior recruit DeAnthony Nervis has a heck of a day at Texas Tech going 6.96 and 
The guy was Bin Laden, if anyone was wondering. You know the guy responsible for 9-11
An impressive performance from Bayern’s Alphonso Davies (19) vs. Schalke. Seriously  one of the top LWBs in the world. 90 min Clean sheet 4 key passes 5 dribbles won 2 interceptions 3 tackles won 120 touches 8 ball recoveries 
the art the 
Official Track Listing. #ForwardFuture Jahi & @Configa straight no chaser to you. 3/20/20 
Congrats Boston. Sally Champion. @pleasantlocal 
Kate Bushue finishes 2nd in women's 3k in big personal best 10:11.31 which is 4th in the OVC! #EIUTF #IlliniInvite
You will never to be able to explain to them DOMA was  to stop a constitutional amendment to ban same sex marriage. DOMA bill had a veto proof majority in the House and Senate. DOMA was used in 96 to shut down the federal constitutional amendment.
I hate to say it, but if any other President introduced a “Space Force” all you nerds would “be here for it.”
The flash backs gonna hit her
The Star of the Day, and Month, Eclipse ⁦ @iradortiz⁩ after the scintillating victory by Mucho Gusto in ⁦ @PegasusWorldCup⁩ Superstar, scored a Sensational Stakes Hat 
If we being honest she just mad Meek leveled up since they broke up, beat a corrupt case, dropped a #1 album, fire features, documentary, ownership in LIDS, signed with RocNation, got his own label, Grammy nominated,face of justice reform, 2nd kid OTW! Who really winning?  …
Best Caller Of The week in the history of Bigg boss. Loved the way he exposed SnakeNaaz ! "Arti ko safe krne ke baad *DRAMA* krne lagi" LMAO Proud of u @ZameerS26759984 #ManOfWordSid
Australia Day is just plain weird. It's awkward and sad. It's like wishing someone "Happy Birthday" and then reminding them of that murder  a few years back
Congratulations to the Varsity Wrestling team on their 1st place finish in the MICDS Tournament! 
O.M.G. Just got back my 1st set of editorial notes from my publisher.I am SO EXCITED for the 1st book in my YA series to be published this year!! #WritingCommnunity #iamediting #TheRiseandFallofDaniTruehart #BookOne #RisingStar #myfirstpublishedbook 
154 European Union lawmakers draft stunning anti-CAA resolution Today on our Republic Day I appeal to Hon Supreme Court to please protect our Indian Constitution. The whole World is waiting for it's verdict on  …
The #UBoyz got PAID today. @BradleeAnae, @TiTaniumT98 & @FrancisJBernard all showed out in the @seniorbowl
Space Force Material right there!!! Luna 
He has one child & so do I. But I bet I give him his last one
NPR President John Lansing states clearly and simply what every NPR journalist is feeling tonight. Thank you, John. We are with you, Mary-Louise. And with all the public servants at State who are feeling a deep sense of embarrassment and shame.
Great to have so many @ClanIHC fans make the trip across the Irish Sea again today, supporting @ClanIHC_Fitz and his team and making a lot of noise. Safe trip home 
omg watson is forever the cutest #teenmom2 kiddo. 
Bitcoin is a sell game. You need to sell before the next one to cover your mining cost before price decrease. Chainlink is a buy game. You need to buy before the next one to stack and get more node jobs before the price increase. Think about it. $LINK #chainlink
say its not real if it doesnt hurt
Tomorrow is our first sunset at 5pm in New Haven since November 2nd. 
no one: my mom when i get anything below an A+ on one of my 
Me vs @isthismike_p 2mor is destined for PURE GREATNESS in this small room. Stay tuned. I'll update y'all and be biased for myself. Lol
I can’t help 
Not a microwave fan. For popcorn...fine. But everything else? No  …
I won this Fötus top at an 
Yes my webkinz only eat fruits and veggies  …
His daddy can't do anything with his baby. 
Skip Bayless on Monday: "Does Kawhi donating money to a stripper prove hes more charitable than LeBron who bowed to China for profit? Up NEXT on Undisputed!"
Shifting the narrative to include more voices in democracy is the #waytowin honored to share space with these amazing leaders  …
One of my favorites off of #Rare I decided to make a lot of  eye contact with the camera, so get 
currently 70 of these bad bois around des 
“All LeBron’s  from layups and dunks, he has no midrange shot, he can’t shoot from 3. He has no skill” About to be the #3 alltime scorer and will end his career as the NBA’s Alltime leading scorer.... all without possessing any skill The by a  …
prettiest boy ever mwah 
It was an honor to meet the  @UNHumanRights @mbachelet discuss on situation of human rights in general&women’s right in particular #DRC Because women’s right are humans rights we discussed their #SRHR #participation in decision making&peace building 
I've decided I need to get myself one of these armless  …
If you don’t live in a red or purple state, you might not appreciate how universally FOX is on in homes and public places. There are lots of “captive” and passive viewers. Plenty of folks will be listening. @PeteButtigieg 
So proud of my uncle @JamesLeonard85 absolute role model to  …
"An officer asked Pegah questions like which ships Iran hid weapons in. “He said, ‘Did you know we can catch you & keep you here in the US, and no one will understand where you are, the same way Iran does to Americans?’”" By @itscaitlinhd & 
Fuck a Denny’s and regular venues, 2020 bands should only be playing in Rainforest cafés
Reminder: take every chance you get to twirl, dance, celebrate and have fun in this life Happy 40th BET! Thanks for all the great memories #happy #Bet40 #twirl 
Chilling role of 'the Preacher' confirmed at CIA waterboarding hearing in  …
Snoop came to visit me at work 
My date got cancelled. I’m so so soda now. Send to validate me. << findom findomme finsub finD cashslave humanATM paypig >>
the cheers after chaeryeong said red velvet IN CONCLUSION RV WORLD 
Please spread the word! 
Look upon a star☆ 
Want to keep the inside of your car clean? Get this here for cheap!!!  
Field Day #!! This time for our Juniors and Seniors. Taking pride in working on THEIR field! 
Slipknot. Motherfucking Slipknot. Once again they proved why they're one of my favourite bands of all time. That might just be the best I've ever seen them. Forever (sic). 
Muss:
Beautiful vineyards, beautiful food and  @vassefelixwines @Vasse Felix  …
Billie at the UMG #GRAMMYs showcase 
blue 
and thats when lan wangji knew he was ruined. the cute, smart boy also had 
Warriors place 3rd at the Ed Winger Invitational in Urbandale 10 Pt’s out of 2nd. Christensen/Anderson/Gammell take titles. Thorson 3rd. Kelley 4th. Hofbauer 5th. Sammler & Driscoll get 6th. C Spyksma 7th. 13 wrestlers scored points. Great team effort! #HardWorkFamilyDedication
Wanna prove you're actually feminists @JustinTrudeau @cafreeland @telfordk ? Then #ReleaseTheGba Many Canadians believe it's being withheld because it warned you of the danger to women Bill C16 could create. Please. Prove us wrong #ReleaseTheGba
Stranger: how does he stay so calm in these stressful situations? Me: He gives his mother all of his anxiety! I’m STILL a nervous wreck, he’s probably on the flight back resting peaceful! A MOTHERS JOB.... GREAT GAME BABIES! #IlliniNation #BeatMinnesota
white film twitter suddenly advocating for everyone to look past subtitles and watch more foreign films when the only ones they ever talk about are parasite, train to busan, and spirited away
the best players are in the league
nossa mas eu vo gritar em free time igual uma fila da puta namoral I'M TIRED OF ALL OF THIS FREE TIME AND BRAZIL WANTS RUEL 
Patriotism doesn't mean blindly supporting ur Country's #CrimesAgainstHumanity I used to Celebrate #AustraliaDay every Yr, to show my Love, appreciation & Loyalty, worked as an Volunteer at the Black Saturday Bushfires But the Country I so loved placed me in #ArbitraryDetention   – at Villawood Immigration Detention Centre
Generations need each other. Without the young, older believers can fossilize, and  cranky. Without the old, the young can  foolish and haphazard. We older ones can teach younger ones wisdom and humility. We should finally know enough to know we don’t know enough.
AS: Benzema has gone 6 games without a goal, with his last  against Valencia on December 15th. He has scored 3 goals on his last 3 visits to Valladolid. #VLLRMA Charbon needed
Thanks to everyone who stopped by the @clgaming / #Newegg booth at #LCS today and congrats to our prize winners. Hope you enjoy the new gear! (See more winners on our Facebook page) Also, shout out to @StellaChuuuuu, @Annjelife and @alfredhightower. Their cosplay was 
After a great talk with @coachjoshheupel i’m very grateful to say that i’ve received an offer from the University of Central Florida #ChargeOn #KnightVision @CoachDwyattUCF 
This leads to the next part of this thread; affairs including Charles Prince Of Wales and the murder of Princess 
Have a look at the vile abuse on social media against feminists and you’ll see Bettina’s narratives everywhere. Because she’s a woman, mainstream media give her a platform - she’s a ‘safe’ anti women woman because she’s a woman. If a man said same thing, less impact.
I will vote blue no matter who!
Update on Media IF we are able to leave, I will try to document my journey. When we are out I will consider sharing this with the media. For my family’s safety, I still do not  making statements through the media. Thank you for patience and understanding.
Thank you 10k!! Please accept my continued D&D based existence!! Owlbears for 
ain’t you sick of spending all your nights alone
You might think this woman is just some fringe nutter troll and that govt is trolling us by giving her a trolling award, but this is much more serious than that. Bettina  used lines of attack against women’s rights and feminists.
Thank you to all the gracious people who have assisted me, tried to help me navigate chinese apps, get me supplies, etc. though their were MANY rude people, the love my family has received is above and beyond. We finally feel we are not alone in this
Mason Jones drew 9 fouls by TCU today, tying for his season high. Individual @RazorbackMBB players have drawn 7+ fouls in games 7 times this year - 5 times by Jones.
how it’s gonna feel when SNK leaves EVO without dropping the KOFXV 
I miss flying my 
Me angelically singing to my daughter what y’all think 
Excuse me, but I berated you and cursed at you for 11 minutes and sprang a weird, mysoginistic geography test on you with some fucked up map I made for that express purpose, OFF THE RECORD!
Montel needs better fight iq and he’ll b top ten
This is how I felt when our guys destroyed the democrats impeachment scam this 
Huh......hasn't #CrimeMinisterMorrison spent millions locking up two little girls and their parents on #ChristmasIsland #fauxchristian #auspol #LiarFromTheShire
NEW VIDEO IS UP I JOINED S7!! Thanks @StrwXBL for the thumbnail    
Why are scissors absolutely useless when you use them with your weaker hand?
Woman are also sex obsessive and trick or blackmail poor innocent men into giving them the sex they demand. Poor men having to have sex! Imagine! 
Genuinely upset by this trending hashtag #OCDSongsAndMovies. Nobody would dream of starting a hashtag to ridicule any other illness, but us #OCD sufferers always bear the brunt of it, and if we speak out we get called snowflakes. Try living with #RealOCD
RT @voodooman3: Starting at 3pmEST this Sunday catch the #expeditionbigfoot marathon leading up to the season finale at 10pmEST @travelchannel....I am hooked on this amazing show....can't wait to see how the investigation ends.... #trvlbigfoot 
Um, you guys, I have 
Wedding season 
Why is this scoups fancam so 
Spida with his 4th triple 
What a 
i just said goodbye to my dad and I didn’t realize he was as sick as he is he couldn’t even talk so i’ll never hear my dad say he loves me again I thought i had more time and all of sudden i’m losing him forever
All tied up but we're not worried. 
They knew it was going  out eventually. The Senators knew. They dug their own hole. Sorry, don't feel an ounce of sadness for them.
Y'all remember how Cara considered Zach a good friend and said he was amazing to Jenna but suddenly changed her tune saying what an awful person he was to her and other women the second he might've been working against her? Don't mind me, just thought the pot could use a stir.
This day was truly one of the most memorable and special of my life. Nikki and I went to a refugee camp outside of Cape Town on Christmas and we were lucky enough to play SANTA to the sweetest most deserving,…  …
JUST IN: Lev Parnas recording shows President Trump talking with indicted businessmen the President has said he doesn't know  
Hey Mamas ! I wanted to share the schedule I created to help mamas reach their bf goal and relactate I have seen so much progress in mamas that I have shared this personally with and I'm beyond excited to see how much it will help you mamas ! Comment below if 
Blessed to have been chosen as one of the Best of the Best LB’s today at the RISE Midwest Showcase! Thank you @LegacyMI_FBall for the opportunity  against some  @SWiltfong247 @AllenTrieu @TomLoy247 @Bryan_Ault @Rivals 
Here is a 
Had a great visit at @UKFootball today!! Big thanks to @CoachGran for inviting me. Also a big thanks to @UKCoachStoops and @Bigstew9 for making it a great visit. 
Isle of Lewis and Harris, Outer Hebrides, 
The King looking sharp #JnJ 
Jackson State defeated Grambling State 61-46 to improve to - in SWAC play Read more  #BleedTheeBlue x #WeBeatGrambLing
Video filtrado de Kawhi Leonard en un Strip Clubs, Load management 
what’s a bitch gotta do 4 some loyalty around here
Drugs are ruining lives  Those suffering addiction stuggling to survive. Belfast streets are awash with counterfeit drugs. The fight on drugs is lost, Police, DOH, DOJ & PHA now need to step up with something new. #DrugTaskForce #ActionNow
guess who’s fucking back PART 2 
Another recent campaign is against universities because they’re cracking down on sexual assaults and harassment on campus. Men need to ‘stand up to those feminists’ who oppose them raping 
I‘m reading “Soulless: The Case Against R. Kelly” by @JimDeRogatis ...I was today years old when I found out the cane that R Kelly was holding on his 12 Play Album cover, was a “dirty old man walking stick” #SurvivingRKelly #TeamTruth #MuteRKelly #MeToo #RT 
Jerelle’s and Jorge’s new paper, with Daan Frenkel, is on the biorxiv. On how oligonucleotides promote protein liquid-liquid phase separation via a seeding-type mechanism, reducing the thermodynamic and kinetic barriers for nucleation and phase separation @jerelleaj  …
BULL SCHIFF! Adam Schiff Tells Reporters, "I Don't Even Know Who the Whistleblower Is" (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
IT’S TIME FOLKS!  #jellybean #challenge BEAN BOOZLED AND SIMS STORY! #Twitch #SupportSmallStreamers @DrHobbits @NotSlayyyyyy @ThomasGovens 
Sharpies  …
A list of how many fucks I  …
. @ewarren’s plan to beat Trump? Out work. Out organize. Out last. “She’s the candidate best positioned to unify the party’s progressive & moderate elements.” “She’s the only candidate who’s beaten a Republican incumbent in the past 30 years” -  …
She is also obsessed with family court, believing women manipulate the system and lie to steal children off poor victimised men. She obviously supported Hanson/Morrison’s enquiry. Thrilled by it in 
I have tried my best to respond and explain our situation. I’m sorry if I have missed any of your questions, it is impossible to answer everyone.
This is why Joe Biden doesn't want anyone talking about Social Security  …
if you could switch bodies with someone for a day Richard: can’t improve on perfection Sara: Chuku - he’s wearing a nice jacket JR: David Bowie Chuku: Bob Marley #UNITYDAYS2020 #UD4
I'm a huge Trump supporter BUT, why is this going on - his security detail BLOWS. A Lev Parnas WITH A RECORDING DEVICE shouldn't get within 50 feet of Trump.
My favorite color is cloud 
Lineup note: Steven Adams (ankle) will be on a minutes limit Saturday.
I just stacked for 3rd time today, 11,719sats/$#bitcoin 
The sibling energy thoo "take one for the team" *immediately rats out*
fringues / nude  
Rescuing a Blind Street Kitten In this video we meet Aria, a little #kitten that was seen on the street all alone with her eyes all gunked shut and had appeared not to have eaten for days. CLICK to watch >  
Happy Lunar New Year! May you be as clever and quick-witted as the animal that honors this 
Seek help, @monaeltahawy. We are all laughing at you while you’re seething with batshit crazy hate. It can’t be  …
A couple months in 
When women achieve things, it’s a conspiracy against men. 
I took my moms to a @pierrebourne show and she got front row and an autograph 
Bercow had 'Jekyll and Hyde character',   …
You know the people who preoccupy themselves with searching for faults in others? Avoid them if you can...
she looks like the gf ive been dating in my head for 2 
$end for my next weed purchase and I’ll reward you with a personalized smoking video, my little pet. You know you’re craving my attention. $MistressFallon  {smokingfetish FinDom femdom #finD paypig payslave walletdrain humanatm} 
damn I don’t think I’m ever gonna catch a break on these drops, I took a shower and they were gone by the time I was out and picked my phone back up 
Congratulations to Class A/AA Game Day Cheer Invitational winners... @BHSWarhorses 
Love how @Uber decides to grossly overcharge when everybody needs a ride home safe. No I dont want to pay over $100 to go from Tampa to Tampa..
Three BSC alumni have made the travel roster ahead of the . @USMNT‘s match against Costa Rica: Bill Hamid, Chase Gasper, and Bryang Kayo. Congratulations guys and keep up the great work!! @BethesdaAcademy #usmnt 
Let’s all get real! POTUS has every right to fire her if he wants to! She serves at the pleasure of the President!
Australia recovers bodies of three US firefighters killed in plane  …
[electric guitar solo] truly the dark souls of bugsonas 
When men are told not to rape women, that’s mean to men. 
Total number of streams on Spotify so far: 2 046 868 (+ 722 687) #SIMMERbyHayleyWilliams Data from January 24th: #151 United States – 294,467 #142 United Kingdom – 77,323
**NEW** FU-Tone RED Titanium Hardware and Inserrs Here:  … #futone #guitar #upgrade #titanium #red #evh #charvel 
How many of you think 50% protection against a potentially deadly disease is  …
I can’t breathe 
WEST SIDE IS THE BEST SIDE
Serengeti Empress ⁦ @GJoelpoliti⁩ ⁦checking out the neighborhood on the eve of The Houston Ladies Classic ⁦ 
On the party bus with the freshly-minted 2020 Australians of the Year! Huge congratulations to Dr. James Muecke, @BernieShakesha1, Dr. John Newnham & @ashbarty for this wonderful recognition. And if you want to see everyone without my huge head in the way, here you go  
rescheduling the concerts would cause much less damage than someone being infected
You GO patriot!! Call them out wherever you see  …
Its time! TEKKEN 7 Top 8 from @Evo Japan!!!  Commentating with 
8 #Animals #Eaten ALIVE In #China The chef cuts the head, removes the skin, remove the bowels, to eliminate the parasites, cut the meat and serve the raw snake as quick as possible so it’s Alive & moving  
Noticed today that my @WatchMixer account is no longer a staff account. I will live on as yellow in your hearts.
She is also against the #MeToo movement because she says female violence against women is accepted and male violence against women is not. Men are ALWAYS the victims. She is responsible for #MenToo opposing #MeToo 
I thought they really brought it home with the air-tight Consitutional argument of, “So what? Who cares?”
Austin Peay vs. Houston Baptist would make the NBA All Star game look like  …
Okay, just to regroup. Came 3rd in chilli contest, won $20 Tims card.  3rd in LRT contest, gets $1.6 billion contract.  …
THE #1 TEAM IN KANSAS GOES DOWN! CHAMPIONS! Congrats to @jalen_perry3 on winning MVP of tourney! WE BAAAAACKKKKKKK! 
What if we call the 23 GOP Senators up for Re-election, and say: “Please vote ‘no witnesses’ and then ‘acquit.’ I’m confident that will make you lose your seat, either in primary or the general. Doesn’t matter to me! I want you out. Have a nice day!” Millions of us.
jin enclosing yoongi into a hug and yoongi being hesitant to put his arm over jin’s shoulder :( the eternal 
i wish they made mountain dew for girls
(I hate doing these kind of emotional posts) I've had a good day today on the old social media and it's just made me reflect on how incredibly fortunate I am to have the position I do. I appreciate the support you all show me but I know I have *a lot* of improving to do. ly
SPARTANS WIN!!! @Sen_13_ with 20 points and nine rebounds. The Spartans knocked down 13 triples 
***Dear Mets*** Please take care of our sweet prince, and his amazing laugh.  
And elevate those people that would put our kids in cages on your  …
I think "they are trying to undo the election" as a criticism of impeachment is the most eye-rolling of them all. Yes, that's what impeachment is. You un-elect them because they turned out to be unfit for office. That's what impeachment is for. Un-doing elections.
Important thread. Anyone thinking @DNC is planning a fair primary season and convention think again. They are putting the apparatus in place to sabotage Bernie again just like they did in 2016. If that happens Trump will be re-elected and the Democratic Party will be  …
 flipped her lid at Harry and Meghan choosing their own path in life. It’s all Meghan’s doing and Harry is apparently a victim of THAT WOMAN’S independence. (3 tweets 
The Graffiti vibes were so dope today , Shout out to all the boys in the office for a kick-ass session 
starmagic's ig post @iamjoshuagarcia 
#GRAMMYLive If Burna Boy Win this #Grammys2020, am giving 10 artist free promotion that retweets this! And follow
Would love the ability to squad stream with non partners/affiliates, please make this a thing! @Twitch
Chills — Spotify Update 1st Week — 2.239.603 2nd Week — 2.699.977 3rd Week — 2.121.726 22nd Day — 271.631 23rd Day — 272.899 24th Day — 269.394 25th Day — 267.771 26th Day — 253.859 Total — 8.396.860 Streams #BestFanArmy #Limelights 
“He most seems to bristle -- he gets angriest and most condescending -- in interviews with female journalists," Graff  …
Excuse me? How does this make  …
Tonight! #NHLallstar 
The smile of a girl who can’t believe she leaves for the #UK this week! Ran errands all day & it got me thinking, wow, I’m crossing an ocean to go play my music for people. If you would’ve told me that 5 years ago, I wouldn’t of believed you. Feeling so stinkin’ grateful 
Painting I did on New Year’s Day. I hope I can draw more deer girls this year. 
You should calm down. Turn off MSNBC and take a walk outside. We survived the last President lashing out at his rivals, everyone will survive 45’s.
Democrats have nothing but presumptions and 
She is also against any idea or effort to improve female representation in male dominated 
Congrats to our @NISDOtt LEGO Botts for receiving the first place Project Award at today’s @FIRSTinTexas Qualifier. I’m so proud of how hard they have worked this year! #TrendingAtOtt 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLL DO HOMEMMMMMMMM GERMAAAAANNNN CANOOO
like for fucks sake, im VEGAN. i don’t want people to eat ANY animals EVER but don’t sit there on your high horse acting like you’re immune from diseases from animals bc ur American. animals HERE are filled w/ antibiotics. we spread food related diseases HERE ALL THE TIME.
Sid Wearing The Elite Club Jacket Who Noticed 
JAY-Z with @djkhaled, @Diddy, OG Juan, @KevinHart4real and @1996Biggs 
Holy crap! McDonald's wins the Internet for today. Epic post, methinks i shall visit a mcdonalds later to take a shit in one of your toilets but not purchase  …
She was gifted an advance copy of @bronzeagemantis  book and couldn’t contain herself even though she was sternly told not to speak of it until closer to the 
Does anyone know  I was on the BH jobs website & this is the first time I see 
guarantee you if that rat eating video happened in America no one would be calling ALL Americans “barbarians” & “disease carrying” but bc they are asian & you’re a piece of shit, u think generalizing & being racist towards an entire group of people over one video is acceptable.
Leave voters may or may not gain financially from Britain leaving the EU. But, this has never been about economic gain, it’s about belief in Britain as an independent, democratic nation. Bring Brexit Britain on!
Correlle Prime - FA - 25yrs old American League 2019 .312 avg 18 HRs .879 ops Highest level AA (2016-2018) Hit .291 w/ 21 hrs in 2014, getting back to that natural, powerful, athletic swing. @FlatgroundBats DM for contact 
Final in OT: Lady Beavers 53 Colby 48 #SCHSBeavers @VarsityKansas @CatchItKansas @KSHSAA @GCTSports @kpreps 
Honored to celebrate local breast cancer survivors this afternoon during halftime of the @aggiembk game #BTHObc 
The David Vs Goliath shines bright under the perilous blaze of a fiery white dwarf. @EliteDangerous 
that was a mean thing to say; i’m desperately sorry for polluting The Discourse
mast error march
The Athletic is four years old! We’re so proud to have published millions of words, launched more than 100 podcasts and continued to value and amplify quality sports journalism. Thank you for making it all 
Black people tacos is undefeated I said what I said lol yes we got a certain typa taco
@RpsPatrol1 @reginapolice photo radar strikes again Ring Rd South and Wascana Pkwy southbound 130km/hr in a 100 zone gets the registered owner a $210 fine Roads can be icy this time of year City does the best they can Have a Safe night CST Jim 
At this Walgreens, I guess you could say Magik sales have been in... limbo. 
HIGH QUALITY OF THE BEST PICS TO EVER 
Her general narrative is that feminism is hurting men because every time a woman succeeds in life or makes a decision that benefits her or even dares see herself as something other than a breeding machine who serves her husband’s every need, she is damaging poor vulnerable 
If Rogan had "endorsed" Warren none of this would be happening. The Cathedral necessarily whips up animus to those who present alternatives to its validation.
i hate seeing men laugh, is patriarchy funny to you ?
I get several people to vote for Bernie instead of Biden today and yesterday, most of them rely on SS, sad thing is that they didn't even know Bernie until I showed them several articles and policies, that's my only goal until election
Placetune: space beautifying algorithm Pathtune: urban planning application for fixing inefficient highway design Braintune: governmental mindwashing software Neptune: neural extraterrestrial probe (NEPtune), for shaping the minds of life that has yet to evolve on other planets
Been in x I Kno for a solid year now some of y’all can’t stay in a clan for a week lol
Managed to quit nicotine for the New Years too bad I didn’t manage to quit spending money
Here are our individual DVC 
Wouldn’t be my first time making a balls of things Michael!!!! And probably won’t be my last
I’ll start with that time in 2010 when she controversially wrote in @smh that PM Gillard will regret being childless and will sadly influence other women to make same mistake. The bad news is this is  to her more recent 
We’re just getting started! 
We must address the immediate needs of the people of Puerto Rico. #PuertoRico  …
This will play out long after trump is out if office including the GOP senators now. They proven they are not following their oath to the constitution, the people and county. They are following their own agenda to the mighty buck and power at our expence .
The blind leading the blind lmao.
Having so much fun with @Andiecip at the China Crisis concert tonight. Thrilled to meet Eddie Lunden, guitarist and vocalist. This band sounds phenomenal 
Good Evening, “Narwhal iN” was a 48 month sociological study conducted by Harvard University. We are  with our study. Thank you for your time.
Interesting. 
#Robert #Burns says that there is a love that will outlast destruction of the earth, evaporation of seas, melting of rocks. O my Luve's like a red, red rose. That's newly sprung in June: O my Luve's like the melodie, That's sweetly played in tune Good words for #BurnsNight2020
tl;dr: garth wanted give his kids the names of the two people dean loves the most in the world and that’s very cute of him
tell me i'm fat and i'll eat you alive
New post! The @Flipgrid Disco Library Is Rocking With #PebbleGo Grids Ready To Go! You will love what our @CapstonePub friends have created for all of us to use & our kids will too!  #tlchat #futurereadylibs #edchat #edtech #ISTElib 
A message from Paul 
Steven Adams (ankle) will play  …
Mood after that half court shot from 
borrowed, but I don't want uninvited supporters either ... Remember: White Berners are sticking up for bigot Joe Rogan with the same intensity they customarily attack black women & outspoken feminists of any ethnicity. This ought to tell you where white progressivism lies.
This is from a pro-Hong Kong account so I'm checking the translation.
DYK? Exactly 25 years ago today, the #Blackhawks played their first game at the 
i always use my left signal on accident bc i’ve never been treated right ....
i always sanitize my hand after touching atm  …
Thank you to all the alumni  out to today's game  – at Pete Beiden Field
CANO
Yea we probably had the same nigga, but we ain’t get the same shit .....
If I tell u something makes me feel a certain way, don’t keep doing 
Lots of learning today and immediate takeaways @HCDEtx #HCDEImpact w/ @mrronclark_! @JEOcanas1 - thank you! @Ike9_AISD & @Eisenhower_AISD will #SoarAs1 #WeAreAldine 
I need back all the love I gave
This is the best makeup remover/cleansing product ever. It’s a little pricy ($25 on amazon) but it’s the best product I’ve ever used for taking off make up.  (That’s an affiliate link but not sponsored or anything I just like 
The Annual Muslim Community Event by @MasjidElNoor in #YSW is always a special treat. It is always important to give young people a voice. The youth led programming demonstrates just 
Attention @SLUnaticsSTL, @SaintLouisMBB game TOMORROW. Chaifetz Arena. 2 PM. BEACH THEME FREE RAISING CANES 15 lucky students will win NHL All Star Jerseys
Freddie just posted a new video reacting to yesterday’s and he again brings up the twist. And he says that nobody is going to be able to guess what it is and everything he’s seen as far as guesses so far is wrong. #Days
It was a big night Friday at the Launch Pad, starting with the Freshman Boys Basketball team taking on Manasquan. 
The fact that @sabrina_i20 only has like 35k followers is beyond me. Gets buckets at will and is a tremendous passer. Glad my wife and I got to finally witness @OregonWBB live n in color. Ya'll go #TakethePAC and get that  …
How's Firmino gonna go from no goals in 8 apps to 8 goals in his last 10
A 5.0 magnitude earthquake hits Puerto  …
. @thelonelyisland's Andy Samberg participated in our #Brooklyn99 Instagram filter! #KiaSupperSuite Guess who he got? 
Can finally post this! I've been testing my pressure pot with the big boi #D20 mold to make #dice for the new main campaign party members (just had first session)! This was the first cast that got out of the pot and made me SO happy, NO MICRO BUBBLES! #handmadedice 
Me being horny every day without a gf to 
This song feeling like soca kingdom all over again yes
I can’t. @PaigeHoward93 is an 
Most underrated pizza on the planet? @ChuckECheese hands 
Definitely not staged. 
“Connor McDavid: Whatever It Takes” tells  story of a super-elite athlete with an iron will | Edmonton Journal by ⁦  …
You know it’s big when Danish’s death is breaking news on news 
Everybody from Cleveland knows this is the building where they hide all the 
Lobster Tails #Food #FoodPorn #Photography 
Oh I know, I’m just saying it’s not “worse” bc they’re pornstars. Their profession’s probably the reason they’re even confortable doing it. It’s still super gross imo but them being pornstars does make somewhat of a difference.
i have decided to quit wearing  clothes. if i wouldnt sleep in it, i will not be wearing it. end of story
I am learning as I go that cultivating good relationships with wonderful people makes twitter much more fun. Thank you all
White people! Racism is NOT, I repeat NOT a byproduct of poverty, poor health or uneducated kids. Racism is a product of hate. Giving racist white people jobs, health care and education for their children will not solve or reduce racism. You have to stop lying to  …
Speedboat...his surname was Mainprize and everyone kept thinking about Bullseye and the ‘main prize’.....
My mistake was making you a priority, when I was your second choice.
It's not a Zero Hour rally if you don't get caught in the rain ! ⁣ ⁣ Members of @ZeroHourSeattle lobbied for climate justice at the Washington State Capitol!⁣ ⁣ If leaders  to us, we'll take the climate justice to them! ⁣ ⁣ #ThisIsZeroHour 
025: Caller says her son hit her in the leg w/ a pipe wrench, he was disassembling the hot water tank & she told him to stop #Chicago #ChicagoScanner
This baby in her stroller was just waving at me and her mom asked if she wanted to get out and give me a hug and she nodded yes then got out to hug 
I don’t care how old i am if  to me with smoke....it’s up
IM A MF MAMA YALL and we’re having a BOY 
their faces are all covered up bc of the coronavirus pandemic precautions hhhhh stay healthy & safe travels 
Mama sent Shawn out the door and said “I’m right behind you!” Then immediately got back in the bed.  …
NEW LOOK NEW ME! Im back with the dope revamp! COME  …
smashers: fgc players to smash 
 about the coverage of this game, I've watched too many UD games on shitty internet feeds, but this has the quality of a backyard wrestling match on YouTube.
. . . . remake of this  …
The cut to Diddy kneeling on the ground at the end is sending 
Still the organizers are fighting and trying to figure out what's possible, which we LOVE If you got the cancelation notice on Fet, just hold tight until you get the official email with updates
man i know what its like to have hate in ur heart. i get it. i know what its like to see the dark reflection of you look into your soul and make you  with urself. but we cant judge people we all share one divine aspect. and that is is we are all playing tomorrowland
“All I said was, how my dick taste? then boom, young bull started wildin” 
CANOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Today marks 25 years since MPP was founded. Thanks to the tireless educational, advocacy, and organizing efforts of MPP, our supporters, and our allies in the movement for reform, we  a long way since our 
"Dead, too, is a way of life. "Many homes will not be allowed to be rebuilt—. Where they are allowed, they may not be affordable b/c of new building codes; if built, they may not be insurable. Local economies, like local ecosystems, may never  …
#ff our guests: @sbg1, @oliverdarcy, @JohnAvlon, @SalenaZito, @lyzl and @MZanona join @BrianStelter, Sunday at 11am ET on @CNN
New Video! Please Share We're Not Always Going To Agree But Can Identity Politics Obsessed Losers At Least Not Harass People For Being Decent? The World Needs To Reward Decency Not Divisive Bullshit. Fuck Identity Politics. Watch & Share!  
get me some fucking tana by tana
"When a woman is in charge, streams flow uphill."-- African Proverb.
Fixing my English is anti-indigenous. Idc how you say it or use it. I’ll disrespect the English language whenever I want. Yaadilah!
I think we can all agree that 
Choosing a name for your child be like: “Cole. Hmm...Cole, get your ass over here! Cole, watchu tryna eat? Cole, get in your room NOW! What would his nickname be though? Co? C? Hmm...Co-le...Cole...eh, it don’t run off my tongue naturally. Issa no. Next name.”
CAAAAANO CANOOOOOOOOOOOO
The first to be summoned to Paradise on the Day of Resurrection will be those who praise God in prosperity and adversity. At-Tirmidhi, Hadith.
mcr: sold out a 30k venue twice in 30 minutes mikey way on instagram: just shoplifted a reindeer
MARSHA BLACKBURN should be removed from the ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE @TheJointStaff for her multiple public attacks on Twitter on LTC Alexander  …
Be a good person but don’t waste time to show it.
It's the Next Generation of wrestling fans here tonight at #NWAPowerrr!! @nwa @QuestiontheNWA 
Go on 
More like Train to Wuhan for me
I know absolutely nothing about what's happening w/ Siege this year and for some reason that makes me pretty damn excited
welp guess im  …
All my life I heard, “I hope you have a little boy just like you” well....I did 
This is what I have so far from my sources. The man flew in Toronto from Guangzhou on Jan 22. His flight number is CZ311 operated by China Southern airline. If you are on that flight please quarantine for 14 days #WuhanCoronavirus Just suspend all inbound flights from China  …
I was there to see it live, and it was  …
Who is Bettina Arndt who received Australia Day honours for her service to men I hear you ask? Her ‘service to men’ is an aggressive campaign for a decade to oppose women’s rights. Take a deep breath before you scroll this thread as it will make you feel ill
My boy Quickley from 
Hooker and Halleck (and if THAT’s not a name for a prime-time detective drama, I don’t know what is) had been at odds since way before the Civil War, when both were out west. All Halleck would say is that he knew “some things about (Hooker’s) character and conduct in California.”
The last 5 wide release horror films have either outright flopped or performed poorly at the box office. Doctor Sleep Black Christmas The Grudge Underwater The Turning Bad Boys (a second sequel none the less) proved the audience is there. So, what will the next hit horror 
I remain astonished by this entire episode. Must-read  …
ALERT | A confirmed wolf sighting has been made in James Bay. Patrol officers & BC Conservation officers are responding. Follow this link for info on what to do if you spot it:  … 
White throated sparrow Kanata 
Just added scans of my latest piece of production material to the website.  Storyboard for Transformers Super God Masterforce Episode 36 God Ginrai - Save Cancer!? can now be viewed at  
GWS def Brisbane 5.7 (37) to 0.3 (3). Just a practice match, but could be a very long season for the Lions after successive expansion years. Catherine Svarc a bright spark in defence, while for the Giants, Jess Allan -> Alyce Parker could haunt teams for many years 
Goodbye, old friend. #godzilla #shmonsterarts #bandai @TamashiiNations @NECA_TOYS @mike_dougherty #ゴジラ @Legendary @godzillamovies @godzilla_jp #アニゴジ @toho_godzilla 
I had the opportunity to share a few candid moments and laughs with the St.Michael’s players during their off-ice warmups. I was reminded why I am so proud to be apart of this League and how special the relationships with the players are. Thanks guys ! @stmbuzzers @OJHLOfficial
“I don’t know if there is a college guard that can do more defensively than Jimmy Whitt.” - @EricPMusselman
And Republicans are sitting on it saying, "What  …
lesbians make out with their thingys? LOL this hurting my head,im gonna make some pop corn.
. Yeah..thats the problem with this conversation. That it was recorded.
Nobody says racist ass shit when there’s maddisease, e.coli, or salmonella outbreak in the West. Y’all are simply taking this opportunity to be racist. You’re either a meat-eater or you’re not. If you think that it’s so barbaric, stop eating  #CoronaOutbreak
The Western norm of consuming cows, chickens, pigs, etc is no different than eating bats, insects, & dogs in the East. We’re all eating animals, just different ones. There is no set of rules saying which are “normal” or “acceptable.” Different culture, same cruelty. #CoronaVirus
NO VOY A PAGAR WIN + RT.
If the @SenateGOP @SenatorRomney @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski and @SenAlexander loved and respected our republic, its citizens, and our Constitution they’d demand witnesses. #FairTrialsHaveWitnesses
Do y’all hear that ? LEADING APARTMENT OPERATOR IN AMERICA.. Do the  …
Freedom of speech in  …
Humans are annoying as hell
To those pointing out MacKay’s selective facts (I.e. forgetting PMJT’s boxing, surfing, skiing etc), keep in mind:   …
THIS WAS SO NICE 
my boyfriend really needs to tell his people that he actually like ghetto nasty bitches cause they think i’m turning him out and that is not the case
It's magic :3 ... I'm so glad we get to see this queen again! Thanks @matthewmercer for always creating amazing women. .... I can't wait to shoot this cosplay again in two weeks! #CriticalRoleCosplay #CriticalRole 
i’m posting it  …
To our first-ever goalscorer: Thank you! 
Madhya Pradesh: Woman police constable who was allegedly kidnapped & raped in Kampoo, Gwalior on 27th December 2019, registered  yesterday. Police say, "Six people have been named in the FIR. Investigation is underway". 
Yeah I’m in my bag but I’m in YOURS TOO. It’s Saturday night finsub $end so I can drink with my boo. Aaaah  Venmo: GoddessTasha finD | findom | paypig | humanatm | whiteslave | walletdrain | cashcow | bodyworship | assworship 
This a WHOLE 
That's how you take back your county
Uhh they know this was live right? We all saw their 4th grade book report "defense" that repeated a bunch of debunked Fox News talking points...
IT'S TIME! We are live and ready to take the Rift against the Golden Guardians in our first match of the 2020 #LCS Spring Split! #100T #100WIN Watch:  Chat:  Updates:  
Brands be so thirsty to post first during events but their social media teams be full of staff who watch & rely on our pages for content.. so they should just hire us for content management...
My name is Nicole. I fully vetted all 29 #Dem2020 candidates, including digging past the disinformation being spread about several of them & I am unreservedly #VotingForPete!! He is best equipped to lead this country AND best equipped to beat Trump! #PeteForPresident #WinTheEra  
This is who showed up in terms of the mixed ancestry of some of us & some of our family members. Yet we are anchored in #ADOS. I don’t know if the anti-Black immigrant smear is gonna work this time. Good  up with something else. #ADOSBoston is 
i’m 

reply to this with yr hottest boiling steaming spiciest takes of smpl/lunch club/smptwt
Hey Twitter 
Never Forget The Hero’s Who Sacrificed Their Lives To Bring Up This Glorious Day To India. Happy Republic Day Jai hind 
Before  in me can even begin to analyze the contents of a tape of @realDonaldTrump, the former WH official in me is stunned that he allowed himself to be taped. Shocking breach of security.
No I just don't like Reylo
“Don’t feel like starting over is setting you back...it is creating room for future growth.” @kfacciol, thank you for sharing your story and inspiring us to step up to the challenge! 
“Civil rights is a zombie movement looking for increasingly absurd justifications to not declare victory and close up shop.” @Steve_Sailer on newly woke @JoeBiden versus  …
No amount of schools built by Sarkin Gombe will be able to contain millions of out of school kids produced by irresponsible parents except he wants to spend the rest of his life 'building schools' for the less privileged.The question is :how can we eradicate /minimize this
the fed 
Whos down tn 
Being ugly is so hard but we move shaaaa
Playing with some moody 
Montel 
@niulive wrote a cute tweet referencing a successful series about @Navarro_cheer’s program, using a gif of their own cheerleaders, whom they have ignored since they were removed from athletics to save pennies back in 2017. But hey, share the win & everyone pull the  …
We lost to a Better team. Ggwp agf. Number 3 here at ggw. Pretty good result with 3 days of pracc. @wAGNRcs @RAALZCS @larsenCSGO @dfencsgo
Timely  …
takedowns in minutes! @Montello135 put it all on display at 
Please, clear road for me to brag, @AuntyAdaa just followed me
You’re looking at the new school record holder in the boys 300m. Sr. Co-Captain Ramon Ambert ran a personal best time of 36.39. Mans was moviiiiiiiiiiiiing. #FAMILY 
Absolutely overwhelmed and honoured to give my mum away today. No one deserves to be happy more than you 
Good weekend at home with wins over NEC 4-2 & USM 5-1 in NEHC play. Arvanitis/Murphy each win in net, Egan w/ both GWG’s Trainer Tim Post with 1st W filling in for Rick Burr 
Giveaway one fortnite chapter two battle pass account to one lucky peole Steps: 1. Like,retweet and COMMMENTS 2. Follow @RyanWFortnite @sodhi_vir @Synicx__ MUST SHOW PROOF 3. Tag 1 friend and turn on my notifications Ends in 15 hours #fortnite #ad Use code 
The byline seems uninformative. @RonniSalt has been tweeting about this all week, actually doing the investigating or crowd sourcing the investigating and this doesn't seem to be much more than that  …
will be offering you more money from what you were previously making! If this is your business...I’m seeing that you will be receiving a lot of money by putting yourself out there! The thing is...you’re worried about your finances and some of you are scared to take that leap of
Hard work, a rash on my face from my opponents gi, coaches I’m grateful for, and a lot of agression went into making this  successful. And I’m happy, really really happy. Fighting makes me 
what i sent my mom vs the 
It's here. Get ready for an avalanche of fake news and alarmism. Consult factual sources and don't share bad  …
Trynna see y’all in  …
The #Vols have another position opening on their coaching staff. Kevin Sherrer is joining the New York Giants to coach linebackers, per 
Justin Trudeau: Stop horse slaughter in Canada and horse exports for slaughter - Sign the Petition!  via @CdnChange
P.S. Please stop trying to pressure me into appearing on the show. If or when Matt and I ever talk about it, I'll decide then. I don't need to made to feel like I *have* to just to make others happy. That's unfair to me.
One of my first gigs in Los  …
THANK YOU THAT WAS VERY 
Steven Adams will play tonight for OKC, but Billy Donovan said they’ll monitor his fitness Nerlens Noel is out, so that means Mike Muscala behind Adams With Adams and Noel out on Monday, OKC played Deonte Burton, who is like 6’5”, at center If Adams is limited, KAT should eat
THIS FRIENDSHIP!! i stan seriously it’s the best @karakillmer 
This wouldn’t be the first or last affair in the Royal Family. The family's history has a heavy number of publicized affairs including figures like Prince Charles and Princess Diana.
Dub club 
i have something controversial to say meow meow is clc's best 
An illegitimate child from the dozens of affairs the Royal Family has had. Scientists and researchers believe the break is most likely to have happened around 1312–1377 which would affect the current Royal Family.
"The Lord is good unto them that wait for him, to the soul that seeketh him." Lamentations 3:25 KJV
The way B payed homage to the Justify My Love music video with this masterpiece. Yup yup yup thats 
if you see me pull up to cfa on Valentine’s Day and get a heart shaped box of chicken minis, just know they for me
"People that can't stand to listen to the blues, they've got to be phonies." ― Etta James (born Jamesetta Hawkins) (born this day, January 25, 1938) 
The thing about London is that it is so iconic it never needs explanation to anyone. Nobody here eulogises it, because there's no need. It stands on its own superlative merits. There's no other city like it, really. New York has scale, but cannot match London for historic 
Alhamdulillah.. I got the Am +/-1 today. Its another year closer to my grave... Yaa Allah forgive my  and Grant Us the best of Islam in this world and Hereafter. Ameen Pls say a prayer for me if  across this tweet. Thank you. Happy Birthday to 
Ain’t did nothing productive all 
#AdamSchiff knows how to make  …
Mailpac would never
The houses job is  evidence, and vote on impeachment based on said evidence. The Senate's job is to go over the houses evidence submitted prior to the vote, and decide if it's enough to justify their vote. The senate does not do the houses job, and vice versa. But sure.
Daughter modelling deadly 
The mainstream audience yes
Most of my followers not knowing me by my dead name is that good shit
This driver caught our attention for going through a red light. Once stopped, he admitted to having no driving licence or insurance. He was also arrested for drink driving. #Fatal4 
Facts matter. #RealityWinner 
Them tax returns looking RIGHT! who's son want a PS5? You gotta do sumn for it tho.
Her: He’s probably out cheating In 
i fucking miss her so much mannnn 
He did 
Finished T16 for the first event. Felt like we should of placed better but at least we didn’t go home with nothing. Thank you all for the support i appreciate all of you <3
that fine line between the noise gig and a yard sale
All star game boys #StLouis 
So tell me to leave I'll pack my bags Get on the road Find someone that loves you Better than i do Darling, i know 'Cause U remind me everyday I'm not enough but i still 
From the Fox in the Henhouse  …
Remember that time Sam Darnold saw ghosts and had mono?
Ik it’s technically not SB week but this game doesn’t seem to be generating much buzz so far
the SERVE of it 
UCF Brotherhood. 
2020 is the year of the rave rat
torn between wanting to just enjoy being alone tonight and wanting someone to invite me out since I have no plans. lol
Im- romance aint dead 
BOSTON 02.29.2020 W/ @mavi4mayor & @WHYTRI_ COP TIX  
gays taking selfies when we arrive in 
yalls obsession with posting your moms for clout so people can tell you they wanna fuck her is WEIRD
Extremely proud of @AliManouchehr14 for 1st author @atvbahajournals @alan_daugherty paper on CV effects of kinase inhibitors w/ @JLindnerMD @AaronAdayMD @mjmauroMD @DrJESalem Part of mentor @DrMarkCreager vascular series 2 boot! @JoshuaBeckmanMD #CardioOnc  …
Oh @bookofmormonuk you were amazing @BristolHipp tonight. @conner_peirson + @nicolelilyb just wonderful. @AdamDavidBailey a superstar hero.  totally brilliant. Huge shout out to the #swings + #covers on tonight shining so brightly. Awesome bandPhenomenal show

Check out these photos taken by our Tiger Media from yesterday’s Winter Sports Pep Rally! Go Big 
Look at 
Unidentified aircraft targeted two sites belonging to #Iranian militias in the Deir Ezzor area of eastern #Syria on Saturday. No information was available on the extent of damages or injuries caused by the  …
#Bills had "great meeting" with Arizona State RB Eno Benjamin per @JReidNFL of The Draft Network (Updated Senior Bowl Meeting Tracker)  … #BillsMafia
#precure forever 
Just had Nutella for the first time... Hi!
Hey guys! new video on youtube! features me getting 17 KILLS on a bridge 28 Kill thriller! Watch now! ---->  #PUBG 
Once you start to pull this notion apart you find it is either vacuous or  …
There is endless internal debate on this one. Both are accepted.
I am yet to meet a trans person who does not wish more than life itself they had the language and confidence--let alone financial and social support--to transition earlier than they did. I would reverse the earth's rotation if it gave me another year, let alone another  …
No, he was irritating before he presented “the case”. Hey @davidaxelrod can you ask @RepAdamSchiff for the Russian collusion evidence he said he has?
i got jokes but fr the  out this year no jokes
Finally hit something my first game back in a week! @DeFyGaming_dF 
