We got the same amount of heat too, but they not as regal. 
Anyone near Bushwick Brooklyn who can take a pic of the Etika Mural tonight? Would love to see it with snow in background.
drunk people doing things: peeing 
I remember thinking I was cool being edgy I can’t go back to that
Man this girl asked me out for drinks when i was with someone a few months ago. I went to go hit her up now and shes doing Umrah
I'm so tired! Good night everyone, please rest well, take care of yourselves and send your love to Jongdae 
That's all for now folks, but I'll start more polls if I need any more advice ayt?
It was a faith which other Eskimos knew little; it came down from horribly ancient aeons. Besides human sacrifices there were certain queer hereditary rituals addressed to a supreme elder devil or tornasuk; led by an aged angekok or wizard-priestGiorgio Comolo 
Sunmi attended the wedding of a couple of Wonderful/Miyane who have supported her for more than 12 years their bouquet are a miyabong and a wonderbong She's really the sweetest person 
I have a request. Don't repost my illustrations on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, etc. Cannot be used for icons or headers. Thank you
Just over an hour until game two with the 
smileyyyyy 
Zaddy  …
David Johnson with 17 points and five assists in the first half; Louisville leads 42-32 at halftime.
cheers 
 to the Premier League Ignacio Pussetto! #MOTD live on @BBCOne & @BBCiPlayer  
IN EVERY VIDEO ISTG COLBY HAS TO MAKE SOME TYPE OF COCK REFERENCE 
I just called and got a few quotes for car insurance for when I add my 16 year old in six months... Let's just say that I'll probably resort to selling panties and feet pics to make up the monthly difference
Birthday dinner (21 on 
Pictures from Heartbreak Country: A Home at the End of the World. #HambacherWald #HambacherForst #EndCoal 
“Who is a city like Edinburgh for?” A great question for the @thecockburn public summit next Wednesday But what will the answer be? Come along and find out what residents think. @thoughtland @bellacaledonia @ScotNational Booking now open:   …
 down now. Roads are  icy quickly. Downtown Boston 
friend is sick so I’m sending her photos of kemba in different outfits to make her feel 
My birthday son from my bf 
Headed home with our fifth straight win! for Kianna Speight who hit a career-high eight three-pointers and poured in 24 points #RollHumps  
Watch till the end #cod 
Way to go Lexi and @OleMissCheer  …
Huge turn of events today for Table Guy, Bag Boy, Baldie, Pocket Square, Old Man, Luggage Boy, Tights and a number of other far less mentionable staff nicknames.
$TSLA - Tesla bouncing customer checks is mind boggling. Why is this happening? Cash can’t be that bad if Elon can take burn fossil fuel on a trip to China on his private jet. They also have plenty of cash to knock down a Berlin Forest of thousands of  …
The Bible is the fingerprint of God! Do you agree?￼
Moms first Celtics game 
Well, I survived the #onechipchallenge  soon!!! 
JVI WRESTLING at Jan Jamison JV Invitational 284.5 / GLENBARD 144.5 / Belvidere (Co-op) 141.5 / Hononegah Fifth Place / 125, 132, Runner-Ups / 106, 120, 132, 160, 195, 285 Champions / 113, 120, 138, 145, 152, 220 #GDN 
Victorian blaze reveals new sections of ancient Indigenous eel-harvesting  …

Us lawyers watching “A Fall From 
This was called  foul on @_hoopinglife What do y'all think? All ball? Foul? @AlabamaMBB Let me know! 
clowns on this app be saying “my life is a movie” yeah bitch joker
me on weekends vs me on school days when i wake up 10 minutes before i have to  …
How is kneeling during the Nat’l Anthem standing up for marginalized and oppressed people? America is the home of the free/land of the brave, the one place in the world where “anyone” can live their dreams freely. Scary that she is teaching our youth and disrespecting the  …
Great night last night in  of @ScarletRebels and @RevivalBlack_ Can't insist enough that this is a gig you must see this 
“Ya ass shouldn’t have been playing in the trash can nie  …
Footage from the 1924 Olympic gold medal game between Canada and the USA. Hockey  a long way in 100 
this also goes for ""playful attempts at grabbing your hands with MURDER FEETS" Look if I can give you one piece of advice regarding how to not  a human colander due to CAT TEETH it's this: YOUR HANDS ARE NOT TOYS
It’s my BIRTHDAY!!! According to @Taraleethompso2 I should be getting a happy birthday from @SamHeughan ... we’ll see how that works out Personally, I think 40 looks good on me. It definitely feels good, thanks to 3yrs of @MyPeakChallenge 
The food trucks probably made a 
Lisa Nandy has gathered almost 1000 mostly negative responses in 5 hours, to her 'raise the level of debate' (while raising a baton with the other hand no doubt) self-justification on @SkyNews... if only she had tried an apology.
I hope mani doesn’t worry about pleasing these people on this here app when  to the type of music she releases. True creative freedom is not giving a fuck
It’s January 18th and the doors are wide open! 
We all know Sessions is as dirty of a career politician as  #AlSen #alpolitics @mynbc15 @ALReporter @WKRG @FOX10News @WAAYTV @WVTM13 @abc3340 @CBS_42 @MgmDemocrats @DavidCornDC #DNC #politics #resistance  …
c’mon @ImZachHerron take the 
keep it cute, 
Los Angeles spent $1.7 million every day on homelessness in 2019. Where did the money go @MayorOfLA @LAHomeless @RepJimmyGomez 
I was listening to #Hunicast and I had to doodle this out. 
OOM favorite things is meeting people who have online personalities and finding out that they are even better people in person than I already thought they were. Here are two of them who embody 
Exactly! And that's BEFORE you get to the integration of African cultures into ancient Egypt. Nubians! Ethiopians! These were cultures of GENIUS. That was true all over Africa. White colonialism made the world bordered and  …
Max joining in  …
This is what a lot of Asians go through, but it’s not talked about. A lot of it isn’t mentioned in the media or news because fathers will go through racial abuse just so they can provide and support for their family, without creating a  …
LA bros, remember we have a beautiful national forest about the size of Rhode Island in our county. God’s voice is there in the  …
you’re the only one i 
I get the feeling that Troy is looking for a little more than a best friend. 
Drink any good urine 
What an absolute honor it was to celebrate Faith’s All-American award at the United Soccer Coaches Convention with her family today. A true leader on and off the field, and a role model for current and future Lady Rebel soccer players to look up to. CONGRATS Faith! 
I’m very happy with a great economy, low unemployment, solid job creation, high stock markets, prison reform, higher disposable  etc. My question, why the heck aren’t you?
How did they do @JenniferGrey ? 
face by the 
2 B-I-L-L-I-O-N Bloomberg will spend against Trump - win or lose - per  …
What people do to my heart the moment I give  …
 #Got7 
I really got to find some type of peace or something.. lately I’ve been letting my anger get the best of me.
which uoft army sent this in yall aint 
Could really use a win Cs time let's ride
" richie honey...he's dead  …
Larry Hillman & @DandaoustDaoust are back home where they grew up playing hockey. #TMLATOUR 
y’all know what to do  …
Bubbles from The Wire just walked by my outdoor cafe table and I said “Hey Bubs” and he smiled and gave me a power fist and I’m gonna die now bye
This sad Sears is closing down forever in few weeks. Who will help me rearrange this sign to "ARSES" the day 
AAAAAAHHHHHHH!!! I LOVE THIS!!!!! LET’S GO!!! 
SAM AND JOY ARE AT A FOUNDATION EVENT WHICH WORKS WITH ABANDONED, STRAY MEDICAL AND SPECIAL NEEDS ANIMALS I'M IN PAIN
Recruits in 2020: leading on current members of the football team to the point where  to their basketball game. and continuing to lead on coaches to the point when they send multiple coaches to visit. while having already signed with a school.
I am pretty sure we will NEVER agree on a horse again. @MattCTVG let’s get this money with #10 Enforceable  …
I can only read so many “I hate all men” tweets before seeing you out to dinner with yEr aLpHa at Red Lobster
“This one hurts. We had an incredible environment. We didn’t want to let our fans down.” - @EricPMusselman
People here don't know i 
I found this little one chilling on the ground and didn’t want it to get stepped on and it didn’t fly away, crawled right onto my fingers. Felt a bit like a Disney princess ngl, 
Derry Girls, Saoirse-Monica Jackson made our Donegal even more beautiful when she joined us recently. (apologies for sound quality, it can get a tad breezy up here ) #reelirishmusictours #Donegal #Wildatlanticway #govisitdonegal #disoverireland 
Scan to connect and session with hot, dominant ladies! ALL EXPERIENCED! Tribute required 
The way I like BT* but I can just mostly talk about the stupid behaviour of their fan, it’s sad
The more I read and try to embark on a post secondary degree, the more I realize just how colonial our views as a society are toward any Indigenous population in this world. I'm going to take out huge loans to read assigned books by people who's only advantage over me....
READ: Taal Volcano bulletin as of 8:00 a.m. today, January 19, 2020. | via 
Spot on. I’m in Tyler, my great-grandparents (all of them!) on my mother’s side were from Germany. That’s different, though, because a) none of us can remember being immigrants because we were all born here, and b) we’re Christians. So you see, it’s different.
I hope David Johnson shoot the ball 40 times in the second half honestly.
Gotta give @UW_MBB credit for  from ahead loss today. Kudos, fuckin losers.
Goodnight Twitter xxx 
Hey Sioux Falls! We hope that you’re staying warm tonight! Because of how much snow we’ve gotten, our snow gates aren’t doing as good of a job as we wish. :( Thanks for hanging in there with us, as we get through this together! More updates 
remember that if a service dog approaches you without its owner, you need to follow it! chances are that the dog is looking for help
stars-eyes + winking-tongue 
when you only write half a song and gotta stretch it out
You're never too young to change the world! #BernieBeatsTrump #ITrustBernie #WomenForBernie #NotMeUs 
"Winnie the Pooh" author A.A. Milne, born on this day in 1882, on happiness and how his beloved bear was born  
Muss: "This one hurts. We had an incredible environment in the building. We don't want to let our fans down. It's hard to create an environment like that. The locker room is hurting."
My husband working hard everywhere he goes  …
Dude, this is such a disgusting thing to say
THESE ARE WORDS. THEREFORE, IT WAS A PERFECT CALL, BUILD THE WALL YOU'RE 
#kipoandtheageofwonderbeasts has cute 
Extraordinary Issue : Ignore Swamy at your  …
The term “inaccurately” is inaccurate. It implies that the false information could be the result of an innocent mistake or mere  The LIES people like Rucker and Leonnig peddle are knowing and intentional. They’re not journalists, they’re activist  …
someone at fox totally has our back lol
repeart after me: we will bully cjenm until we get x1 back
Well, it’s been real Twitter, but now it’s daddy daughter time to work on “Fawcity” for the evening. I hope the tweet storm was educational. 
Everyone puts a maraschino cherry on half a grapefruit. Very healthy. Then do aerobics
Today was the first day that any of my kids friended me on a social network. It was Venmo.
#ELLEAIMETROPGOUTERDESFOIS on le sort 
'Speedo Mick' traipses across Britain half naked for charity  
This country, and I cannot stress this enough, is a fucking  …
Thread of beautiful pictures of the sun 
I am and I will #WorldCancerDay @KidsCancerInst @thekca @NanoMed_UNSW @ARCCoEBionano @TCRNetwork @CancerSPHERE 
We have to get there guys! Please donate WHATEVER YOU CAN at  and please tell EVERYONE YOU KNOW to do the same!  …
S is 
Before the bank of clouds gets eroded by the frontal passage, it has allowed for some sky beauty at sunset tonight over Houston. 
The Boys Win 11-3 over Gardner! Gill with a Hat, Deguire w/2, Smith, Couture, Locurto,Fournier, Hogan, Chesanek with 1 apiece! #wantmore #earnit #mentality #2pts @nbramsathletics @tgsports @MassHSHockey
this is the same energy as that one girl who said people on the spectrum cant be here i hate you  …
When you’re about to take a selfie and your 7 year old surprise shovels snow on 
I swear if I see this bitch in public it is fully on SIGHT. I wanna grab her by them dumb ass braids and beat the fuck outta her, see if she wanna shove that microphone in anymore  …
“you’re going to leave me, aren’t you?” it’s sad how regina expects the worst in people because she’s been betrayed by so many her entire life. but  emma who doesn’t hesitate to jump into a blazing fire to save  …
my followers: haha! that is funny to think about. if you really had to, which one wou- me: jasper t jowls, the hideous pizza dog. i will destroy him, though it will disgust me to touch 
Musselman “this one hurts. We had a great atmosphere and we never want to let our fans down.”
freddie when jim told him to ‘fuck off’ when they first  …
|just another 
After a long week of working on Manhattan coastal resilience projects it’s finally time to relax! But first gonna take a big sip of coffee and check the president’s Twitter.
"The curious case of Benjamin Button" LMAO #StarWars #Yoda 
I’m not sure about controversial but it’s Definitely true  
if there was a law that said ban le lait NIDO from congolese households. i wouldn’t be mad.
Taking one chibi slot to be worked on tonight for $50, examples can be seen below~ DM me with your character ref and Paypal email to claim the slow 
hey internet i want to do an all-day, all-ages Cheekfacetival this summer in L.A. with tons of bands and vegan food and like a ferris wheel or something lol is this even possible
Pure natural beauty  …
We were able to raise $600 towards Breast Cancer Research in honor of Mario's Mother. Thank you to everyone 
Johnson averages 4 a game and he has 17 on Tre Jones’ head in the first half. There needs to be an adjustment
BREXIT is a protest movement that doesn't know what to do with itself now, so it keeps protesting, about anything, no matter how pathetic.
White House response calls impeachment case ‘dangerous attack’ on American electorate -  - @washtimes
There are hot dogs wrapped up in this touton dough...Let's do 
Universal delayed #Dolittle 9 months for reshoots in order to appeal to children and overseas audiences A 'pivotal' scene with fart jokes was added where Robert Downey Jr. removes debris from a dragon's ass (via @WSJ) 
Zendaya via Everybody Fights NYC’s (everybodyfightsnyc) Instagram 
me while on my maths class every. single. time. 
What an awesome day with a lot of future Jackets and their families! It means a lot to us that they showed up despite the awful weather. Something special is on the horizon for RCTC football! August can't get here fast enough! #rollhive #jacketshow
hux is fuming no one ever gives him any credit 
Calls to recognise WA town's dark history #ChildAbuse #ChildSexualAbuse #CSA #AbuseByClergy #Catholic #Benedictine #NewNorcia #AbuseInCare #CareLeavers #StolenGenerations #CARoyalComm @HealingOurWay @RichJWeston @marcialangton @CLAN_AU  … via @canberratimes
gg stans throw around the word “comparison” only when people post 2 photos together (usually of a gg member and bts) and i promise you that 90% of those tweets  said members
Let the Grammie - Princess Party begin! Giggling is practically mandatory #family #granddaughters #princess 
Thinking about him 
A woman left the emergency room after waiting for hours. She died that same day.  
"Given that the ongoing stream of damaging information keeps poking holes in the 'he didn't do it' defense, the President's supporters are turning to the 'he did it, so what?' justification," writes 
just won $200 i’m hornyyy
Japanese public security police arrest someone for suspected car registration offense. He just happens to be involved in anti-racism/anti-Abe  …
I had an great time down at Bethany college 
Ariana said “heres a 
If I’m texting u n my phone is under 10% battery , it’s real
deleting the ground makes this much nicer 
PATRIOT UP Uh huh so um yeah, another small account Patriot account. Have to bring them out to the Patriots and get them United with them... @ndunc10501 Follow all and Retweet TRUMP2Q2Q WWG1WGA WORLD WIDE PATRIOTS UNITE
Crypto devs have years of hard work behind their products. It's natural for them to defend their efforts when faced with a newer more scalable crypto entering the space. The need of many are blind to a path taken. They embrace solution's available now or on the cusp of 
if you’re with me I won’t go away 
ghost recon oneohtrix breakpoint never
I know the camera man was like back y’all ugly ass up 
Trump urges ‘mops and buckets’ as his superior response to rising sea levels from climate  …
Good 
Michelle take a pic like this but with Miranda 
This is beautiful art right here.  … I'm curious. How long does it take all you artists out there on average to finish a piece? When I draw it already takes ages. I can't imagine how long something like this would 
Maya Wiley Shreds Dershowitz's Assertion That Abuse Of Power Isn't Impeachable |  …
We  …
Remember when you were forced to wait for like 5 seconds for the knife to spin around to see its playside? Who actually thought that this was a good idea.. still a mystery to 
road to the night 
22 US women in the Australian Open main draw: the most at a Slam other than US Open since 1999 Aussie Open Age range 15 to 39 Ahn Anisimova Bellis Brady Brengle Collins Davis Gauff Kenin Keys Li McHale McNally Pegula Pera Riske Rogers Stephens Townsend Vandeweghe Serena Venus
To any Liverpool venue who discriminates against young women who are disabled - I am appalled & we will take this on @_bridgetgriffin @disabilitydiva @LiamThorpECHO
You are right!! Just fixed it !
''Part of your wooorlllld'' #anthro 
Right back at ya 
This is exactly the goal of the paedophiles, and with the support of the psychologists, they are trying to redefine themselves as just another sexual orientation! Paedophilia is child  …
What a day at the Rocky Mountain Gun Show in Albuquerque! Had a great time talking about the importance of defending the 2nd Amendment with concerned 
Btw this is there Bieber got his inspiration from. Released 2018  
Maybe if fat woman put as much effort in exercice than they do arguing that they Thicc and not fat, they wouldn’t be as fat
For you maybe... but surely not the people who have watched those  together and grow as a team. Not all of us only watch the scenes that include our fave, unlike  …
Boudreault is a man on a mission. He rips through 4 of the 5 Throw Bags in Event 3. Two events remain. Watch Live:  
Why were we obsessed with Beto’s Spotify and not @JulianCastro’s
Just another @NationalHistory Saturday with our @iTechPrep students! 80+ students ready to work. #RavensRule #HiPstory #PBL #STEAM @Gilder_Lehrman @NCSSNetwork @edutopia @WaHistoryDay @HistoryMuseum @washingtonstem @waOSPI 
tiny stickers for preorder 
My layout is so cheesy 
COMPETITION RESULTS I'm truly honoured that so many of you enjoy my photography I thought I'd also remind you that the London Underground Calendars are still available at  THE 3 RANDOM WINNERS ARE @glutenfreeadele @mattdyer2011 @eKarlca  …
National Archives Apologize For Caving To Trump With Doctored  …
Why are charges in basketball still a thing
I decided to fact check this for fun. Lou Williams has played 17 games where there have been clutch minutes. He’s scored 46 points on 48.4% FG, 53.8% 3FG, and 90% FT. LeBron has played in 18 such games, and has scored 40 points on 29.3% FG, 14.3% 3FG, and 59.1% FT.  …
Hi Bob! Hop into the space capsule and prepare for liftoff as we discuss "For All Mankind" with @ismh @mrssoup @dmoren and  …
Excited to be one of the featured speakers at this major conference on #RacialDisparities in #MaternalMortality. @marchofdimesct @uconnhealth @lactodouladrph  …
Starting tonight! #CBJ | 
Anyone who didn’t have time to criticize the aesthetics of the car dealership lot with an abandoned Googie diner doesn’t get to snipe at the 7-story mixed use development with a protected bikeway, street trees, new signals and a public plaza that replaced 
Peaky blinders hella under rated
. @CoachMLaFleur and the #Packers have arrived in the Bay Area! Suit and tied up! Here we go! #NFCChampionship #GBvsSF  – at Hotel Nia
‘How They Mocked Us’: @pcaruanagalizia Remembers Initial Pushback To Family’s 2017 Calls For Resignations The AG needs to go but all of them need to be criminally investigated for their role in the #assassination of #DaphneCaruanaGalizia #Malta  …
Great 3,000m at the UW Indoor  with a dramatic 
hear me out. code vein cast but in 
If you have never seen a Star Wars movie, allow this video to change your 
It’s important to have friends and sisters you can laugh with, pray with and grind with. Constantly grateful for sisters like @NissyTee - in my lowest and greatest moments, she’s been there. Even when she’s not there physically, I hear her voice in my ear lmfao
Lol, the only healthy thing on there is the butter. If it’s real butter.
Current system creates 'phoney majority, disenfranchises' voters  … via @orilliamatters
New photos from Outlander HFPA  )! 
Netflix puts out a 3 episode documentary on an ex football player who murdered 3 people prior  suicide and all I see on Twitter is how every female wants to fuck his brains out....
They have the same stylist as Beyoncé so
(cont) Doesn't matter how you got here. It just matters that you are here and we are all on same side. We want everyone in our industry to be able to do this without living under the poverty line. Is it a dream job? Sure. But it's still a job. Needs to  as such.
I haven’t read this @amycheapho - thank you for this info. Why is the battlegrounds of human trafficking still being fought in silence? It should be heard from every corner of the world!! #Epstein #GhislaineMaxwell #JeanLucBrunel #PrinceAndrew #MonsterHidingInPlainSight  …
So this is awesome about @DisneyHeroesRPG <3 This exchange from Nick and Darkwing Duck is amazing it had me laughing. You have to read it from bottom to top just a heads 
Good news, good news, good news. That’s all I wanna 
Districts debate over, taking four more spots to Albuquerque. In policy debate, qualifying Dibble and Donovan #DBrothers In public forum, closing out and sending both Emily and Grace and Sydney and Alexis west this summer And Bella Auricchio, taking an LD spot to represent 
Can’t wait til you start walking so I can buy you you’re chaparreras and sombrero charro 
However you feel about the underlying scandal, you have to admire the creativity that went into  …
what that feel  …
Dog appreciation post, day 1 vs 3 
It's been a year when Dahyun did 
haven’t already met them). There is going to be a very strong connection that you will feel just by being around this person. Keep your head up and stay focused because I’m seeing that you keep looking back at your failed relationships from your past. I’m seeing that the universe
I don’t use my blinker when I drive cuz I can’t let these haters know my next move
I want to do my makeup but I’m also lazy 
Solar contributed zero to the grid this week exactly the same contribution during the record cold snap last year. Alberta forced to import coal generated power from neighbors just to survive the week. Foolish policy
We need more help. Let’s empty purgatory tomorrow. All day:mass, rosary, spoiled kids, bad weather, everything gets offered for the poor souls. Who’s with me?
I Feel like Frank Lucas back in 70’s #TitanUp 
I love when I go to a concert that skews towards a mature Black audience. That’s one of my fave public space vibes and there’s few public space vibes I even like.
Keni Jo Lippe just became the 21st player in #ORUWBB history to reach 1,000 career points! 
Also, can we talk about how Spinelli is likely Trans masc? Like, yeah, "tomboy", but tomboy that hates being called a girl to the point of it leading to fights? That hates birthname Ashley? The line, "And I just want to be a 6-foot tall bodybuilder named Moe." (Randall's Reform).
i don’t want to undermine your great advocacy vic, but constructing strawmen isn’t helpful. focus on what people have  — halt to expansion, just transition, removal of subsidies etc.
Lgballiance proposes grooming students to  terfs... 
Helping dad clean the garage! Look what I 
practicing how i’m gonna give my surgeon money for my 
can yugyeom post something i miss him
Free Chelsea Manning NOW!!! xychelsea87 #judgetrenga  …
Follow the  …
cut myself bangs and i dont like it at all..... pls tell me im pretty ....i need it right now 
The title is not quite accurate though. I did not accuse Aaron of stealing my art for his merch design. He used it in a tweet to promote his merch shop. @thedailybeast
Support the fam Vote T.O.  
The two dining areas closed for renovation during the Fall semester have  Open and ready to go on Tuesday. Go 
My barber NEVER 
#Presidementia case study in poor judgment: Dementia patients exhibit faulty decision making as exemplified here, where Trump brags in a dangerously self-defeating way to justify assassination of an enemy. Not a smart move, totally unforced  …
STOP WEARING HOODIES THAT MATCH YOUR HAIR MY HEART CANT TAKE ANYMORE OF 
i love her so much.
Don't punch down, we got bigger fish to fry. Believe Yang name recognition. Is already going up, so let the voters register as a Humm?
Can I get a movie where Margot Robbie, Charlize Theron, Cate Blanchett and Blake Lively are sisters who dress up in men’s wear, talk vulgarly and hatch up a plan to break the patriarchy? Can Hollywood make that happen please?
She said her DNA is 50% Caucasian and 50% African American but it’s actually 50% Head and 50%  …
Last minute send means an outfit redo. Loved the vibe at 
dear baby, i hope someday somebody wants to hold you for twenty minutes straight. they don’t pull away, they don’t look at your face, and they don’t try to kiss you. all they do is wrap you up in their arms and hold on tight without an ounce of selfishness to  …
Day 2 of 7 Thank you @bella_katz for nominating me to do the 7 Day Photo Challenge! RULES, No Humans, just Pets, No Explanations & You Nominate 1 New Friend Each Day. Today I Nominate @iamcaseydog Only if you want to! 
Last week RJ didn’t know who Gleyber Torres was, now he wants World Series titles taken away
Snow is falling which means buses will be late, so please dont huff and gruff at the driver when they're late, they cant control the weather. #octranspo
We Ike that
Monbebee are we ready to make our radio requests? Request middle of the night by @OfficialMonstaX using the hashtag #MostRequestedLive Lets do it monbebe  …
Wow. ⁦ @HeshmatAlavi⁩: "Iran’s IRGC deliberately shot down the Ukraine  …
Today Jan 18th in France, for the 62nd round in a row, #YellowVests demonstrating again & again despite profusion of tear gaz & disengaging grenades of #Macron Schutzstaffel SS in the deafening silence & absence of MSM Thanks to #EU eurocrats causing social breakdown 
Great reply from the white guy
Women a snatch your soul then try to go home. I’m like “Oh no baby where you think you about to go? You about to meet my grandma.”
@MrPumpkinFace1 introduced me to the character, and i honestly think its a really good idea. dont bother fighting them, just get some beers and chill if people are tearing your kings 
GAME. ON. Tune to @nflnetwork now to watch @Captain_Bronx & @scottphill22 in the  …
Just stole a mini skillet from chili’s
Hey Gail @Gailporter just watched your documentary and wanted to tell you that you are an amazing person. Very brave of you to share how you have dealt with everything life has thrown at you . Much respect to you and sending you big hugs
Has the body language expert weighed in on Joy Reid’s “I was hacked” body  …
Facebook: “Remember me from high school? Wanna buy lipstick?” Tinder: “I’m not like other girls. ” IG: “Ugh wish I was back in Florida!” Twitter: “I’m a redhead libertarian”
the story itself is laughable. Leads with "fiery response" by Trump..refers to 111-page house brief as having "legalese" and doesn't mention that WH reply is 5 pages of dressed up Trump  …
Joe Biden is lying. He has a 40-year history of trying to cut Social Security, and he is doing everything he can to hide that record from voters. This video is from C-SPAN it's on their website right now how could it be doctored?  …
i make beautiful kids, man. just all around perfect. damn
Best Games I saw at #PAXSOUTH Part 2. Sniper Elite VR by @rebellion:  The Artful Escape by @A_i:  Totally Reliable Delivery Service by @tinyBuild:  Everspace 2 by @Rockfishgames:  
I may look like I’m 60, but I wii like Gen 
#Oliverscampaign I wanted to share some happy photographs of the real Oliver I had to go to work on this day when every other school on the county was closed due to the snow Oliver and his dad had a fantastic 
We'll keep an eye on the little varmint for you.  …
Ushijima signs the bottom of his texts with his full 
Why men great till they gotta be great… Rey just took a DNA test, turns out, she’s 100 percent men’s bitch even though that shit is crazy Yeah she’s got rage problems it’s the human in her But they didn’t solve them, “it’s her grandpa in her!” 
ariana's grammy performance is going to be huge 
Day 74, paused #React learning, working on a website building. I guess, I am not able to concentrate entirely on my project. I have been changing my priorities all day. Will focus from tomorrow. 4 hrs website 5 hrs react. 3 hrs reading #100DaysOfCode #CodeNewbie @thenetninjauk
Musselman “we forces some shots but settled in a lot better in the second half until the scoring drought.”
great to see the Mail On Sunday's political coverage this week including a female spad who went to a school where anorexia  and a female MP having written a jokey sex column when she was at uni, definitely doesn't reflect badly on their all-male political team
live in : born in : parents : been to : next stop :  …
I truly need someone to write a book on how introverts can parent extroverted kids  losing their minds or being a total jerk). I'd like an ARC.
Hell hath no fury like a people oppressed and robbed for 40 odd years. Hats off to all the activists on the ground getting back up on their feet time and again despite the brutality being unleashed in an attempt to silence them.  …
Chael P and I are live on  in 2 minutes to set you up for 246. Special guests stopping by!
Queen @britneyspears for Randee St Nicholas (2013) #pieceofme HQ:  
 … If you see this photo you know your Princess just posted on onlyfans. Get the view and  a fan! ( femdom , ebonyprincess , findom ) 
do you think of me like i hope you do? would you wait for me as i long for  …
I mean, he isn’t lying.. @billmaher “I do not think porn is benign, not the way it is now on  It’s rapey..” @joerogan “what sites are you going to?” Bill: “Any site.... I don’t want to choke anybody,  on your face.... but that’s half of what Pornhub is.”  … 
Lonely by @OfficialRezz is such an effing banger am I right
said they were gonna make plans and dipped without me . why is it like this . 
only few places left please check and share @ABSGBI @ESSOnews @RCSEd @askanushka @DrTashaG @Liz_ORiordan @6state @drchrysopoulo @ASBrS @TheMammaryFold1 @annepeledmd @patriciaclarkmd @drroykim @alqattan00001 @StuartAMcI @KHCFKHCC @Breast360 @iBreastBook  
MR FOX IS UTTERLY CLUELESS. I'M GLAD TO SEE THE ACTORS UNION SPEAKING OUT. Laurence Fox slammed as ‘disgrace to actors’ after Question Time  …
Me waiting for CNN Fake News, to bring out their next bull shit propaganda hit piece! #HappyCaturday #TrumpStrong #Caturday 
we love a king who can workout with others around him at the same time  …
Junior Jadon Langford finishes as the CHAMPION of the Chris Vandergriff Invitational at 285! His finals match was voted Best Match of the tournament. 
Till now biggest in history of india . No one has reached 7.6 million count . Its just crazy love for @sidharth_shukla #ChartbusterSid broke all records its 4th trend in world most 
No handouts, you know I had to go get it 
Favourite @HibernianFC XI? XI Names any Position..... @TheBudgieTweets David Murphy Franck Sauzée David Gray @CormackPeter Pat Stanton Russell Latapy @jmcginn7 Gordon Smith Derek Riordan Lawrie Reilly Comment below with yours 
I want love like this  …
I ask myself this question everyday and I still don’t 
PSG 'ready to offer Pep Guardiola huge deal' to quit Man City |  
i wanna have a pillow fight
No matter what we say about our art people like this will never understand. Maybe we should go and take their cars and their clothes and stuff because it’s shown in public. That means we can take it  …
TESTAMENT's New Album Gets Official Release  …
If you call one side "right wing" you should call the other side "left wing", NOT "mainstream". The MSM is very left wing.
Squads lookin’ sharp 
How did these mosquitoes spreading the Zika virus just suddenly appear at the same time vaccine trials were taking place? where did  from? Why never before?
Good morning fam! Please vote for Kaori as Push  of the year! Last day nalang ngayon to vote! Itodo na natin  …
#NouvellePhotoDeProfil miss 
The darker the secret, the deeper it's buried. #SacredLies: The Singing Bones premieres February 20th, only on Facebook 
I’d LOVE to get a shot at “Bone.” Great stuff. RT @robbygotshall: @yakkopinky If you don't voice Smiley Bone, we're going to have a  …
drew a girl i saw today, i guess you can say she KNEE'D HER OUTFIT ATATATATTATATATTRTER get it, cause her name is kneesoccs 
Got  from the amazing @TastyPeach_INC of Orias!! :D He looks so adorable in her style and I love the flowers! <3 Go check her out! They're currently open  to help pay for medical 
Power play goals are our favorite kinds of goals. @PennStateMHKY x 
It's a fence....and it stops people just as good as it stops water....
This should be repeated loudly and often by democratic  …
The 2017 Women’s March, which I participated in, seems innocently nostalgic to me now. It was organized before the Trump inauguration. A million of us marched that day. And like everything under this regime, it became tainted. If we don’t get rid of this bastard, we’re doomed.
Tunde Ednut is a movement. Happy birthday King! @TundeEdnut
 and deciphers the codes that lead to upgrades. Appreciate them.
Christine, a Congolese bar owner, spends half of each month on the river to pick up beer for her 
Not to be dramatic but I would give namjoon the entire 
That was sick! @nycfurby #FrostyFaustings  
Heck yeah bud, proud of u! Three guys had a big week in Tampa, great representatives of our  …
I’m pretty happy about all of the new judges, ceo & congressional resignations, and all the drops regarding open investigations. I also happen to love Trump’s tweets. I don’t feel like mass arrests are necessary before the election. But I would like to see Flynn exonerated...
Nah but they will shield him from it and he will grow up having to make a choice between royal lineage vs the life his parents want for him. Imma talk abt it more on my podcast
Predicting structure of designed protein is not harder than natural ones esp when designed have encoded the rules we know - take care with logic there folks ..
Tre just can’t guard this guy.
when Maeve told : “ A few years ago, some boys were CATCALLING me. & was told that IT WAS MY FAULT because my SHORTS were TOO REVEALING, so i went home & i cut them even SHORTER bc fuck them” is the type of ENERGY of WHAT ALL WOMEN SHOULD CARRY #SexEducation 
"𝙊𝙠𝙡𝙖𝙝𝙤𝙢𝙖 𝙞𝙨 𝙥𝙪𝙩𝙩𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙤𝙣 𝙖 𝙨𝙝𝙤𝙬." @RandyGym15 with the HB 
“omg you so skinny” now if I say omg you a BIG bitch, you gone be mad hoe
Just watched @Caravan_Puff time out a Banjo games 2 and 3 for the win in Winners Round 2. I could not be more proud. PLAY TO WIN, MAWMA. PUNISH THOSE IMPATIENT BUTTONS.
Incroyable 
If I ever see “minor attracted person” on a profile it’s an immediate block, no questions asked. Please be aware that if you see map positive on someone’s profile, that’s what that means. I say this because I know there are minors who follow me, and I want you guys to be safe.
The fact that Jamaicans really asked Twitter to stop using bomboclaat the wrong way and Twitter 
420%?! Really? That’s not a joke? Very ironic.
Hey! Who's ready for another all new #LivePD? #LivePDNation #LivePDFans #LivePDFamily 
I wish I had more friends that actually like to party, mine are some damn homebodies.
Mike and Minifans is live now! Come 
in luv with 
On this day in 2009, @duffer1982's only goal for his boyhood team came in a memorable 4-2 win over Celtic. Iconic 'Wellies' celebration to go with a fine volleyed 
Good night 
Alvin Gentry's postgame interview lasted 37 seconds. Unclear why he was unusually terse, but he has been frustrated by the officiating in recent 
Having some fun with boss battles in #ProjectAETHER! #screenshotsaturday #gamedev #indiedev #indiegame #gaming #games #unity3d 
Lev Parnas was on Donald Trump Jr.'s "Executive Steering Committee." Told him what to tweet, 
link will be twted out at 9:45 AM KST, movie will start at 10 AM KST
I miss u SO much mama!! I think about u EVERYDAY, and wish u were here with me. I know u looking down on me, and i promise to make u proud!!! 
i’ve been going for this in private match for about 3 years, i finally hit it 
Atp highland is Going too FAR !!! Let them PLAY  …
I’ve processed or overseen the processing of over 10,000 voters over the course of 4 years. Name the issue. I’ve been there, done that, and built a shopping mall.
Another great day to be a Lion. Congratulations to both @Lion_WBB and @Lion_MBB squads on a victorious day in the Field House. #golions #tamuc
Literally my worst  …
An Iraqi SWAT team captured a long “wanted” ISIS leader, Abu Abdul Bari, also known as Shifa al-Nima, on Thursday in Mosul. Due to his morbid obesity, he has been dubbed “Jabba the Jihadi.”Our US military personnel are back at work in  …
3 years ago today the video for Deep Down Low came out 132 million plays later, I’m just glad y’all still are watching! 
SATURDAY NIGHTS THE NIGHT I LIKE SATURDAY NIGHTS ALRIGHT GO LEAFS GO
. @rexorangecounty where you at??? 
So not one shred of evidence proclaiming his innocence Of course
Great. #POTUS45 responds to the #ImpeachmentFarce. But the best and real response, to me, has been: "I'VE CAUGHT THEM ALL." #PainIsComing, and it ain't for the  …
Awww Libby! So, yes. In the garage after CB300 Nic said “Libby, you want to go to Kusko? You can run 20 miles at a time and then ride in the bag.” He also said he probably wouldn’t be pushing the gas pedal too much out there. If Nic isn’t in the money, he just enjoys the ride.
A lot to unpack here. 1) pdogg brought the whole damn studio on the plane 2) ummmm someone put on their glasses and read me the tracklist for mots: 7 
Ah yes, bff gal pals just staring longingly at the same photo of each other during happier times. How very hetero *cough* girlfriends #Supercorp Link:  
The poet The poem  
We are a trip #ramonja  …
@920Otaku I saw how hard you were willing to work on your music so I figured the least I could do was get up and react to some of it. Your amazing, an This one's a little bit longer because @SLICKARUDI_ MURDERED his verses too Keep going yall 
Wait a sec. You seem to be missing the step where Warren first lied, then Bernie defended himself saying he didn't say what she said he did which has been backed up by many many more people who have had similar discussions with him. Stop spreading lies.
Congrats @Taylor_McGregor! Make sure you call the hogs for  …
galaxy brain feminism: being woman mean have  …
Would you be able to handle everything you’ve ever asked for?
#AHolyShow is going on a nationwide tour next week. @RoseannaPurcell and Mark Fitzgerald are KILLING it in a very beautiful new design by Rodo Villalobos. It's very exciting. Dates in link below. Get in!  …
"blue lives matter" is a farce. You're not born blue. All it does is denigrate the importance of black lives matter
For the first TLC Crew litter pick of 2020 we teamed up with StLukes & @Hopechurchwir,to show Proctor Road, Hoylake, a little TLC. A wonderful turnout & everyone worked so hard. We got 18 bags of rubbish! Together we can make a difference #protecttheplanet 
David. Johnson. That’s it. That’s the tweet.
Even Ms. Robin was staring like "Gone head baby take ya time and say what you gone say."  …
There is a monster in my head And I am worried If I let him out That he may kill me
i don’t think i’m ever going to get over this video he’s so tiny and charming and the best  …
According to Forbes, current Liverpool's squad value is £1.83 Billion 
"These custom-made suits aren't cheap..." This is why Conor McGregor is winning both inside and outside the octagon. Listen live on @5liveSport:  
“That will allow us to look at every single major oil and gas facility around the world, multiple times per week,” “You have to monitor this,” “and the industry so far has not been monitoring for this pollution.” #ActOnClimate  …
18 January: It is the Feast Day of Comfortable Sweaters. We suggest you wear one, particularly if it is faded, shapeless, and much beloved. The world is sadly devoid  in these dark times, and one must sometimes make one’s own.
Fact check : False. Impeachment would not undo the 2016 election. Nor would Hillary Clinton  president. Donald Trump was given a mandate (by a minority of voters) in 2016. Congress was given its own mandate in the election of 2018 to hold him  …
On episode 2 of “Unbelievable” on Netflix ... I’m going with the lady cops husband being the one.
IO such a bad bitch 
I am singing a song that can only be born after losing a country. —Joy Harjo (epigraph to Natalie Diaz’s new book)
When. Where’s the receipts babe
Folks, Russia isn't going to invade Alaska. That's not the point here.
2020.1.19 [기타] dunhill AW 2020 PARIS FASHION WEEK #NUEST #뉴이스트 #BAEKHO #강동호 #dunhill #던힐 #에스콰이어 #파리패션위크
My phone stays on do not disturb
girl i- alright who tf is responsible?  …
“Next up yep the ad libs”
Went exploring for classic movies and they had this one. Who has watched this 70s spooky film? @PromoteHorror #burntofferings #horror 
Listen, you can’t impeach anyone who won an election. That’s overturning the election. You can only impeach those that didn’t...... wait....
The more the mysterious cat showed up to perch haughtily on him, the more Hux began to feel a new fondness for her. He’d been thinking of names. Mallory? Mabel? Millicent? #littleredridinghux 
May the Lord touch our hearts and make it whole.
Go ahead and make the move! #GoPokes  …
Can you please do something? check my onlyfans  
Did Ole Miss signee Kentrel Bullock just ask “Are You Ready?” If so, we Rebs know the answer to that!! HYDR!! Here’s @Iamkentrel_1 with 5-star RB @Runzekerun01 and 4-star running RB @DoubleTay_21. Guess @Lane_Kiffin is feeling the #needforspeed  …
my player card with and w/o texture glare! template by 
WOAH. @erikabrown27 is victorious in the women's 50m freestyle with @swimone just 0.06 seconds behind in second place. #TYRProSeries | 
Thousands of cops, veterans, supporters pledge to join militia in Virginia  unconstitutional  …
any lesbian with an ounce of good taste don’t think you cute .... even the tiktok lesbians think you  …
Most of the people "losing" food stamps in April are Illegal Hispanic Immigrants but most articles miscategorize them as "Americans" or "People of Color", 20 hours a week has always been the law to qualify but states like CA can careless about the  …
Let's give Laurence some love guys.The snowflake brigade are piling on him for speaking the truth. They don't like it up 'em Laurence Fox branded a 'disgrace' by actors' union amid Question Time race  …
8• “House managers seek to present new information..since the articles..were passed in the House. Under these rules, it would be up to” Trump’s “counsel to object to evidence presented or testimony sought...It would then be up to..Roberts to decide.." ➔  
Glenn Kirschner Calls For 'Trump Crimes Commission' Once Trump's Out Of Office |  …
It’s actually pretty mad that ⁦ @GeorgeCaulkin⁩ wrote this article about Matt Ritchie kicking corner flags the other day and then Ritchie goes and boots one directly into a fan’s bollocks. If that’s not agenda-setting I don’t know what  …
everytime a guy sends me a d!ck pic on snapchat i just send back a video of me squinting my eyes
Three American military planes landed at Stephenville airport this evening and the 120 soldiers aboard are being housed for the night in hotels in the town. Here, several of the soldiers are seen heading to an awaiting minivan. Their destination, St. John's airport, was 
Making unnecessary corrections quickly turns into making overcorrections. That negatively impacts future outings against other teams too because you’re relying on a fix you didn’t need.
When I was a smooth(er) faced baby saving lives in my 
his smile ends twitter 
Hope 5 star mid south was able to take a thing or two that can help their program! Cool event, thankful for opportunity to 
One of my favourite strike games I would love for a hd strike collection  out or even better a new strike game anyone else ? #junglestrike #ea 
... Tyler Perry never let us down I loved the movie & if yu really paid close attention you could tell exactly what would happen next
San Diego 
Scrolling through his likes and all you see is your gender is heartbreak
I love my haters
Golf atop a skyscraper, New York, 1932. 
#INFO |180120| Stray Kids venceu a categoria de "Best Artist of 2019" do Mubeat, Parabéns Stays e Stray kids #스트레이키즈 #리노 #LEEKNOW #StrayKids @Stray_Kids Cr. 

TOOK HER TO THE FOREST PUT MI WOOD IN HAR MOUTH
My sweet @DjokerNole you your fans and they back. IdemoooNole 
If you’re under 18, that’s finna be you real soon luv
shes dating the dude she told you not to worry about
Question for the baseball crowd: What position would Giannis be best at on defense (if that's what it's called)? Outfield?
every day i   …

Here we go  …
I really like Star Wars: Attack of the Clones. Obi-Wan vs Jango Fett was  …
Christian goals for 2020 to feed the hungry, shelter the homeless, touch the sick, console the sorrowing, visit the prisoners,  the stranger, and most important proclaim the Gospel to a lost world!
Great job #techrodeo team— it was an incredible  – at Porterville Military Academy
22! I did more Kipo. It's good, okay? Used the NES palette and resolution for this one cause why not. #daily #chiptune #Klystrack #pixelart #animation #loops #kipo #nes #retro #kipoandtheageofwonderbeasts #megabunny 
How the left plan to destroy your country. Text is from an article on the destruction of Chile, but changed to New Zealand just to prove point that same plan is being carried out all over the West. See how well it fits? Especially about it originating from Universities. 
Here is an example of that TikTok 
I’m a girlfriend and a bro all in one
Teacher Educators, You don’t “make a difference” by showing up in a classroom, pushing an agenda, never listening, avoiding the lived realities of your students, and assuming you’re changing the world one student at a time. Save that fairy tale mess for your book. #WorkWithFolks
Faces in the 
Mr Tucker, please do not repeat an obvious lie. Impeachment doesn’t “overturn” an election and I’m certain you are aware of that. Alternate headline: “White House Impeachment defense begins with false claim”
I just want to be good enough
House Democrats call Trump a 'danger' to U.S. national security in formal argument for his  …
the government gon bring you back to life 
Be the man that Christ is calling you to be. No excuses, you were created out of love to love. St. Joseph, the model of all men, pray for us 
No longer in @ObeyAlliance
Girl, are you French Fries? Because you’re hot and I really want to drown you in ranch dressing!
fuck you ya honor, check my persona 
Still don't understand John Lynch winning Exec of the 
The Sun’s circulation has halved in 10 years. No longer need to chase Murdoch’s  …
i’ve decided to quit my job and focus on  a beanie baby thank you for your kind words at this time
Patulan yo guys bored aq HAHAHAHAHAHA 
Yes, but: Republican Senate leaders, including McConnell and Roy Blunt, the senior senator from Missouri, have already said members aren't interested in a vote to dismiss. And it seems unlikely that Trump's team would push for what would almost certainly be a losing vote.
CNN interviewed a “transgender woman” about the 2020 Women’s March. Can anyone explain why an “original gender” woman can’t be the spokesperson for the Women’s  …
Thank you, from the bottom of my heart, @nubya_garcia, @joeArmonJones, Sam Jones & Daniel Casimir for such a wonderful concert at @FlageyStudios. Your great music, generosity, passion, & the way you enjoyed every moment, percolated through my inner soul, making me whole 
This time tomorrow 
Me 
So crucial! Patient choice after science based education and non-judgmental discussion of ALL  …
[..It’s when you give of yourself that you truly give] Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. He made the choice awhile ago to set himself apart from the crowd, it’s only the beginning 
So thankful for these people 
she really had the other girls 
Stream Black Swan
IM SO HAPPY FOR TARGET 
Looks like #Rays Brent Honeywell got some work in at the 
y’all want soft ty pics 
Sooo we just finna act like this is  …
24 HRS RAFFLE Win a colored sketch head-shot! Rules: -RT+ -No need to follow~ Doing this again cause they 
happy #beliebersday! love you all thanks for this amazing family @justinbieber 
"President Trump's conduct is the Framers' worst nightmare,” a House impeachment team said in a legal brief responding to the impeachment summons sent by the 
plugsession 6 ???
Hi I made 
Because chocolate lava cake makes everything OK! 
Leafs-Hawks games in the Matthews/Marner era Nov. 10, 2019 CHI 5-4 March 14, 2019 CHI 5-4 Oct. 7, 2018 TOR 7-6 (OT) Jan. 24, 2018 TOR 3-2 (OT) Oct. 9, 2017 TOR 4-3 (OT) March 18, 2017 CHI 2-1 (OT) Oct. 22, 2016 CHI 5-4  …
Tour Scotland followers to visit @G3M123, @LyndaJoHunt, @oceanquill, @fionahduncan, @szilviade_, @DerekMcCabe9, @opheliacat, @sbailz74, @YonWummanAnne, @MadForEngland, @lizjarvisx, @Edenza, @RayneRedgrave, @Whisky_Willi #Travel
BREAKING: Babu Frik named Twitter’s “White Boy of the Month” for January 
"songs in A minor" by Alicia Keys is now eligible to be certified 9x Platinum in the U.S! 
SO I MET DINA 
haven’t been drawing traditionally in months 
slow dance with you #catradora 
Wife got me out at  club. 100 RTs and I’ll do a bit. She will record for proof
Wow! This is the first time I ever sparred @Cowboycerrone after this I went and lived at his ranch. Excited for my friend  …
LOWELL FINAL RESULTS Daniel Hand (BC) Waltham (BV/BB) Shepherd Hill 4th: Somerset Berkley
Y’all don’t want a good girl. Y’all love hoes. Y’all  about hoes when you can’t afford them.
Laurence I am a working class guy brought up in a council house but what you said on QT was exactly what needed to be said, Believe me the mob who are hounding you are not the real people of the UK, don't give into the lefty snowflakes, the real people of the UK are behind you.
hey, could yall stop posting about yoongi? i ship myself w/ yoongi and when i found yall accounts i literally started crying. please do me a favor and either private urself or stop posting abt yoongi. yall being insensitive. i feel like yoongi is cheating on me so please.
I swear #CheerNetflix is the most touching, inspiring docuseries I’ve seen. JERRY HAS LEFT ME BAWLING LIKE 20 TIMES!! And don’t get me started about Monica!!!! How is this so 
I'm a whore for pizza
hey if sexual assault is a trigger for anyone please skip episode 4 of sex education!! i just watched it and it really caught me off guard #sexeducation
The artwork is very pretty #TokyoMirageSessions #FE 
Am a die hard Scarlets supporter, and take the rough with the smooth...Never miss a home game and it's a 4 hour round drive for that. But every away trip I fall in love with the @scarlets_rugby life even more! #scarletstilidie #westisbest #amihuman #ymaohyd #lanymor
John Calipari didn’t watch the game after he was ejected. There wasn’t a TV in the locker room and the stream was delayed, so Dewayne Peevy had to provide Cal with play-by-play updates.
this is like when all the nazis on here made genderswap photoshops of David Hogg then eventually they were making posts like "well I cranked it to Daisy Hogg again, I'm pretty sure I'm in love with  …
has penelope gazin gone too 
Taiji: The hunting boats appear to have a pod of dolphins and are getting in formation. Please stand by for updates. January 19, 2020 9:00 AM 
𝐢𝐟 𝐲𝐨𝐮 𝐟𝐞𝐞𝐥 𝐥𝐢𝐤𝐞 𝐲𝐨𝐮’𝐫𝐞 𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐩𝐩𝐞𝐝 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫𝐞’𝐬 𝐧𝐨 𝐰𝐚𝐲 𝐨𝐮𝐭, 𝐤𝐧𝐨𝐰 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐢𝐭 𝐠𝐞𝐭𝐬 𝐛𝐞𝐭𝐭𝐞𝐫 —— @nikkietutorials im so proud of you and really want to thank you for all the smiles you’ve given me over the past years i love 
Not sure what this little dudes name is .... but he’s the happiest little guy I’ve ever seen on a flight .... from @fly2ohare to Newark Liberty .... he laughed and smiled for 90 mins.... here’s to you champ ! You made my 
Attachments: 2 
Hot Air balloon photo job #TMGT #GTAOnline #CreatorSnaps #Rockstargames 
Demi keeping a whole era a secret is so new to us. We don’t know a single sound of this  …
#Packers have arrived at their team hotel in the Bay Area! #GoPackGo 
my bf stopped using cleanser and his skin cleared up instantly... is skincare a scam this is making me question everything
Kamala was AG and DA Biden was VP Bloomberg, Booker, PB, Castro, and Sanders were mayors Amy was AG So, hmmmm
finally did his choreo to 8 & it came out smooth @Marteen (also posted it on tik tok!) 
HES SO SEXY MANNNN 
First scrimmage day of 2020. 
As I begin adoration and Spanish Vigil Mass, know that you and your intentions are in my prayers.
YOU: Have you watched Cheer? ME: [thought you said Cheers] yeah I love it, it’s a great show YOU: so intense and emotional ME: [thinking about Sam and Diane’s relationship] totally YOU: they  together as a team though ME: [thinkin bout Norm] lmao. Norm
Continuity is a thing we should expect in films. You actually hire someone  on set and help you make sure things like the star’s hair looks the same each day, etc. but here we are lol “WORK  …
this mingi photoset just called u 
Hood night everyone #BestCoverSong #DancingWithAStranger 
The Best Dressed Celebs at the Golden Globes 
@blakeshelton my new favorite song!! Made me tear up!! Such a great, great song...love it so much!! Have it on repeat!! Nobody But You (Duet with Gwen Stefani) by Blake  …
In the BBC dreamland of @franunsworth the failings of EU member states are to be ignored or suppressed if  …
“Conclusion (cont’d):” “They rest on dangerous distortions of the Constitution that would do lasting damage to our structure of government” 
TRUMPS TEAM rejected the case against him as illegitimate and called the effort to remove him dangerous. Trump’s response to his summons came shortly after the House impeachment managers formally outlined their  …
Did we win the trade? 
lol at men acting like women just discovered sneakers  …
I remember when we played the Colts in the 2006 Wildcard game & we had Larry Johnson. He led the NFL in rushing with over 1700 yards & 17 TD's. The Colts had one of the worst rushing defenses in the league that year. Guess what happened? LJ ran for 32 yards & the Chiefs lost
How can Anthony Joshua get an opportunity to end Nigeria's problem, Baba go dey prostrate for Buhari Oluwa Wetin dey prostrate like this?  …
Koby McEwen on his clutch performance for #mubb from charity stripe: "Especially at the end of the game, my team needs it. I'm for sure going to make those free  …
I am really enjoying Gunblade with every level. That or I just really like the Rebel Coat and Lightning vibes XD #ff14 
Two lil beans finished up for @MomoDogButt and @mountaineermutt! Might do a couple more of these guys if there’s any intrest for at con  
One has a  lying and the other has been telling the, truth his entire career. Bernie was NEVER a republican, has never lied about his ethnicity, never lied about his dad's job, etc. #IBelieveBernie
Bloomberg ready to spend $2 Billion to beat Trump (on whomever is the nominee). THIS WILL DRIVE TRUMP  …
A Lakers win over the Rockets tonight would move the Mavs up to the 5-seed in the West.
Jacolbey Owens ties it up 71-71, 1:32 to 
Curious to see how my Valentine’s Day will  …
gaga's get together i'm obsessed 
six packs are very 2005, grow up please
Thanks to all 72,000 of you that answered my poll!! By a 97 to 3 margin you declared that you are MORE INCLINED to vote for @POTUS since the @SpeakerPelosi impeachment.  …
i would do anything to go back time and experience this during my world's era :(  …
But they only last as long as the job does
[whispering into my tamagotchi's ear]: no one would ever believe you,
Go with the 
Which would you rather do? #RandomPoll
ariana always makes everything better :’)
I’ve been on twitter a lil less just focusing on me a bit but I love all of my mutuals close or not and that I can’t stress how true this is always strive to be what u want to be I’ve been doing so much better and I’m so much happier than how I was just a year 
Fantastic!  …
"Properfiresafety mustbeobserved atalltimes. Pleaseberesponsible!" Matches detail Multiverse friendly N | SFW / Crack / Serious SLs Friendly writer Retweet | Like | 
why can’t i order serotonin on uber eats
[Eng Sub]Archery Practice ISAC (part1) :  when one person shoots it well, the other shoots it badly? :We are indeed a team :Teamwork! 
37 year old @krzysztofbosak will be the Confederation party's candidate for president. The right-wing Confederation party entered parliament after winning 6,8% of the votes in the parliamentary election last fall Subscribe to our YouTube channel for more  
thank You  …
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is preparing a resolution that would leave room for President Trump's lawyers to move immediately to dismiss the impeachment charges if they so choose, according to Republican Sen. Josh  …
STREAMING PARTY #TheStreamChapter @TXT_members  …
just want dean to say "that's what he was like when he was a kid and i had to force it down his throat" in 15.10 when sam winces taking his medicine . anyways gn
Shiny Galarian Yamask is here! this little guy showed up after 5416 Random Encounter's and is my 4th member for my shiny Dream Team Quest in Pokemon Shield. I was not paying attention, so i missed the sparkels and i almost ran from it #ShinyPokemon 
You trolling me is one of my longest relationships.
Nobody else can make me feel this way #Datenight 
thinking about the fact that there’s not ONE spinning out edit of Kat alone but plenty of Jenn and Serena... the 
When you just swept the Carolina road trip for the first time in program history ... 
Sum 2 Prove Coming For It 
NEW PODCAST John Cena's Latest Request Could Mean Roman Reigns WINS THE ROYAL RUMBLE | Off The Script 309 Part 
Incredible video! Was it taken today?
do you think you’ve met your soulmate/ love of your life yet?
Still beautiful Still doesn't take your shit. 
Need A GFX artist - New logo - New stream GFX If you know someone tag them please #GraphicDesigner #GFXDesigner #twitch
"He Showed So Much Love" - LSU Quarterback and Heisman Trophy Winner Joe Burrow Praises Trump after White House Visit (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
She turned 3 months the other day 
u are my dad ur my dad boogie woogie 
When someone tells WARHORSE he doesn’t rule ass. #BLPInACorner 
my tl is so dead .... anitwt rt this to be mutuals and like actually mutuals i want 2 be followed back i’m desperate for interaction here is stuff i like: fmab aot death note haikyuu did i mention fmab mha ditf pokemon danganronpa ouran kakegurui also video games pls
This is the exact opposite of the #YangMediaBlackout. Somehow, Fox News inserted footage of @AndrewYang crowd surfing in a segment about Spotify playlists for pets that had nothing whatsoever to do with Yang. 
Behind the smokescreen, the Coalition's stance on climate change hasn't changed at  …
All the endless battles & pain & humanitarian/wildlife carnage, it's all because a few people believe that the #UN is a huge conspiracy theory to take over the world. Billionaire owned media orgs make money from this. Q: Have you had a gutful of climate c deniers? #auspol #IPCC
no hoes, cold outside, and my friends not responding to my texts...........pain
Enjoying ⁦ @IndyFuel⁩ #BlackhawksNight with my HERO ⁦ @BhawkTommyHawk⁩ ! 
@maxg_official @afelixdacosta @mitchevans_ + the full race results from the 2020 Antofagasta Minerals 
. @DominickHarri2 is a  …
Online hate happens but there is never a time where it lacks a bias, or an ideology, or a perceived power relationship, or is based on assumptions divorced from the reality of the person on the other side of the screen.
1,200? Stillwater?
FE was on it's last legs several years back and now  about how popular the series is I LOVE to see it
Shout out to all of the amazing women who fought the weather elements and marched today. They don't need to prove that they can be leaders, because they already are. #WomensMarch2020
They keeping going about United’s record vs top teams like Liverpool’s isn’t great. Liverpool have beaten every team top 10 team except for the draw with a United. We have also won at more top away grounds than United. Stop acting like Liverpool ain’t a big game specialist
AHHH MICHELE! We really want to know if it  out in the US He was about to let that slip up but he was strong #365dni #AnnaMariaSieklucka 
The content you all crave: The Baby Race. Bennie emerged victorious in a contested race; he is the Seabiscuit of the 
"Dangerous, Brazen and Unlawful" -- BREAKING: Trump Defense Team Files First Response to Sham Impeachment -- WITH FULL DOCUMENT  … via @gatewaypundit
Will be on with @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9:45, breaking down the  fight back this week against impeachment. Tune in.
U all remember that time that Queen Nancy led a totally partisan impeachment vote against the best President ever and then held the articles for a month and then was forced to release them because she was losing support daily while the President gained it? Good times, good times.
What an amazing evening. Thank you @AllianceLGB for having me, @ForwomenScot for helping make it happen, and for everyone there for making it so great 
“I was pleased to see the time  up and show 0:38. Finally, a proper break. At the right moment with the right constellation, and I had initiated it,” @tanjaerath89 on stage three Fame and 
Zetas returning home to their Yokitty Love after Founders’ Day  …
Joe and Dianne will genuinely have to have security for The Joe & Dianne Show.. like without a doubt that will be happening...
To the person at the church I visited today, who looked me up and down, then said... "It doesn't matter what you look like, God cares about your heart." I look fabulous! This is my prettiest skirt, and although you may not appreciate it, God fucking loves it! 
Just started my daily “I’m just gonna finish doing this thing for a few hours that I don’t need to do at all” pre-workout routine. (It’s drinking, btw)
it 
This thing runs straight through the heart of Oslo. #Ring1 
Excellent summary of the fireside chat with Tom Gonser (DocuSign founder) and Sergey Nazarov (Chainlink CEO) on the impact of #smartcontracts and #oracles on business on a global scale.  …
death is equal to 
Neither stable nor a genius. Not even a nice person. It's almost like the president was lying about all of 
This issue at hand has nothing to do with the “choosing” of a President. That’s been done illegally or not. This has everything I do with removing a rogue President from office. We talk about corrupt politicians in third world countries but you have one right under your nose!
It might have worked with JC due to his ever having dared to talk to Hamas for purposes of peace. The current candidates have no such so-called “baggage” so it’s time to call the BoD’s bluff: cough up your evidence.
Ion need a bitch I’m what a bitch need
Queen Elizabeth Keeps Calm and Drives on Amid Final Plans for Prince Harry & Meghan Markle's 
doubt it, it’s easy as 2 clicks to change it to sold out. They really some lames for that sticker tho. What made them think that was a good  …
Congratulations Salado Robotics!! The kids worked hard qualifying all three teams for the finals matches, and placed 3rd, 6th, and 7th overall. #saladopatriots #vexiq  – at Oak Crest Intermediate School
Kevin Durant on if he had good workout on Saturday: ‘Yes sir!’ #Nets  …
Love this! Outdoor hockey with some of my best buds! Happy #HDM2020 
I remain perplexed as to why supposedly free-market advocates argue for the more expensive forms of generation instead of the more economical. Wind is now  and new nuclear would require massive government  …
There’s only one correct opinion: all subs are good subs
#OISD #OneItSelcaDay @x1members @x1official101 i had no confidence to post this but well here i am 
I almost won 
Kenneth Murray is going to be a great LB at the next level. He has the sideline to sideline range that you need from a LB. The #Raiders target him in the 2020 NFL draft. 
Anyone who’s a 5 is a  …
Couldn’t really care who walks out my life at this point
I'm just now seeing the men behind me faces. he stopped to 
you can wait for bad news in your room alone but the thing with that is there’s so rarely dogs in there. in the dog park they do have dogs so it really is money straight in your pocket
I been calling @pharrell for 3 to 4 days since I got the info of him being into Song writers hall of fame 2020. I cried as if it was me cause to me if him and chadhugo are in then it is me cause I am N.E.P.T.U.N.E.S…  …
I'm whatever about it as well, but how was her life/job in jeopardy? Leavitt was universally mocked, and her name only came out from the people setting up the fundraiser.
Hail Holy Queen Mother of Mercy - please help this mother during these trials and tribulations. We offer up our suffering in expiation and reparation to The Sacred Heart of your Son - Our Lord Jesus - that our hearts may be close to His - that we may follow Him faithfully.
what if we kissed while we were dancing at a ball and i was wearing one of those pretty puffy dresses
I can’t wait to have a birthday like this. I might swallow the whole  …
. @ACHSChoralMusic’s Spectrum closed out the daytime-portion of today’s event with a bang!  – at Linn Mar High School
AND THEY WERE RIGHT
admire them from afar because if i went up to them j-hope would be all like “important businessu”
. @morelos2106 is the 2nd Colombian international to wear the Rangers jersey after this guy... #ElBufalo #ElPibe 
Congrats to @EFFYlives on  the first @PrimeTimePW 51st State Champion EFFY vs @fayejackson419 is going to be insane 
no ray 
Can’t. Stop. Laughing. What’s unlawful about what’s called for in the constitution for exactly the kind of behavior that ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ has exhibited?’ Brazen & unlawful’: Trump team attacks House impeachment effort in 1st formal  …
Apple Music: #87 (+18) Tusa [Peak 73] Latin Apple Music: #1 (=) Tusa [Peak 1] Shazam: #40 (+2) [*New Peak] Shazam: #21 (+2) [*New Peak] Don’t forget to Shazam, it helps with radio  …
“Never go with a hippie to a second location.” -Jack Donaghy on “30  …
1. Stick to beer and wine. I’ll only do a shot if it’s someone’s birthday or something. 2. If you’re doing cocktails/mixers, never order more than a single. 3. After every drink, get a water/sparkling water and finish that shit before you get another drink!
Juss for F U N Z I E Z 
I have nothing  with people who have never spilled an entire venti triple espresso all over their keyboard while a looming deadline hangs in the balance.
Thanks to everyone who came to the 35th anniversary JOURNEY OF NATTY GANN screening! Grabbing a quick bite then heading back in for @DougBenson at 4:20 (GET  – at Castro Theatre
Crazy stream on the Dare channel today, thank you all so much  out and showing your support, I appreciate it
Woodward feeling the heat, he hires a PR man over a DOF. Manchester United ladies and  …
If by ‘something has to be done’ Starmer means the party must never again be led by a racist apologist for terrorism, then yes - of course. If, however, he means that Labour must muzzle the press to prevent this sort of ‘intense’ criticism, then he is just continuity  …
i made a tiktok about  des garcons show hehe 
Celebrating the Anniversary of Lima.." Ciudad de los Reyes ".with our beautiful Hymenocallis amancaes.."flor de amancaes"..lovely endemic Amaryllidaceae species growing at the coastal hills of Perú..which is considered the symbol of Lima, also known as the flower of the 
drop all your fancams rn it’s for 
Look at 
New year, new 
Don't give up. Continue demanding to see the Russian Report. This could contain critical information about the referendum and Brexit #ReleaseTheRussianReport #BrexitJohnson #LiarJohnson
I'm thrilled to have my article "Comfort vs. Confrontation in The Big Heat" featured in the latest GIANT issue of The Dark Pages (big thanks to @TheDarkPages & @HQofK). Follow this link to find out more, or to order a subscription:  
back in the city i’m just another girl in a (hello kitty) 
I really love when the carnival twtter crew shows up to live tweet events. I always end up in fits of well needed laughter.
Minseok: Us: you got a selfie? You got a solo album? OPEN YOUR PURSE let me see
Washington led by 14 points early into the second half of the game, and then Oregon's defense became a vice-grip. Washington made just five of their final 30 shots from the field in the second half and overtime, as the Ducks slowly ate into the Washington lead, and then 
If you haven't searched #MissCheapWinePageant you aren't living. Please Retweet and laugh your ass off!!! Contest is still running and we're missing so many states! 
hes so cute i almost cried 
Nah we gotta go handle that if that was my mom
would u look at the time it’s loving seokjin hours 
| #BTS #정국 #Jungkook @BTS_twt Jungkook mandando corazones Que lindo Cr. peachcrush_jk | GoldenClosetMX | #GoldWhite  …
black hair is superior 
“Go let the damn dog 
WBB | @MontevalloWBB reaches 13 wins for first time since 2012-13  …
WHAT DOOOOO 
I really just want cuddles and .... but whatever
I wanna cuddle and watch a movie w someone
I use to think Gatorade was Gator Eggs. Daughter, age 7.

shutup about zutara and 
Did we win the trade? 
Definitely need that drink 
My high school counselor never met with me to talk about college. As a 1st gen immigrant I had no idea what college was. He met with me once a month before graduation. Told me... “are you going to college?” Or “are you going to marry a man with  …
The only way to fix this PR nightmare is for Chasten to go hop on a stripper pole and serve
Good Morning and Have a blessed Sunday, @agnezmo AGnation Ready to Vote again??! Let’s Voteeee.. more and more .. and Go RT/Replies every tweet about these hashtag #Agnation #BestFanArmy #iHeartAwards Semangat 
Someone posted that Animal Crossing would cause Resident Evil 3 to get delayed. This was the first thing I thought of. 
STILL LOOKING FOR AN AGENT AND PRO DAY TRAINER HIT ME, I’LL FLY OUT 
$10M liquidity was added to the pools in the past 24hrs. Still not sure how people can say $ETH has no use-case, decentralized finance will be a major factor in the future. $4.4M added to the MakerDAO pool $3.6M added to the Augur pool $1M added to the Coinbase 
I'm making a big ref sheet for that pink shapeshifting bastard, a lot of work to do :'D 
I just finished the audiobook of @RonanFarrow's "Catch And Kill". It is a remarkable story that makes me both more cynical about the world and its powerbrokers, and inspired by the courage of the people who told their harrowing stories at great peril to themselves. 
Hmm maybe Beardstrike needs to 
The lasttttt picture how I want my nigga OBSESSED with me  …
Never forget hahahahahahhahahahahahahahaahhahahahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahaahahhahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahaahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahaha  
I'm not a saint, but do I have to be? 
There once was a star with red hair With a talent to see what's not there. Banked her hopes on a trial, Spiraled into denial, And made up a world out of thin  …
lady gaga telephone music video but make it #dorohedoro ?? dont 
‘Interlude: Shadow’ is 550K away from reaching 44M views on YouTube.  )

A privilege to present at the 2020 Global Conference on Constituion-Making & Constitutional Change at @UTexasLaw in Austin today. Shared my research on insights from NZ and Canada for a First Nations constitutional voice in Australia. Thanks for having me! #auscon 
Congratulations to our 7-9th graders for winning the Tiger Invitational at Grissom! Clean sweep today for BJ wrestling!! 
Joan Crawford, Our Dancing Daughters (1928, a huge hit for MGM). This silent film’s biggest claim to fame is being the movie that made Joan Crawford a star. And what a star she became! 
my rum and coke is 80% rum. go flyers.
Tomorrow’s Supreme Court verdicts will either validates Mr “integrity’s” integrity or further clear the little doubts left in mind of the masses. We await.
"The best way to tell an immigrant's story is to let immigrants tell the story." - @danimarr94 #CC20
Sum shit def b for the birds..
Thanks Penny 10 Beautiful ladies for your Saturday night viewing pleasure. @trisha_dicienzo @Ggoodgirlsfirst @MamaTraxia  @ItsOnlyDawn @Arkiegirl01 @GGlocksX @JessicaKAGMAGA @c21_andrea @AngelWarrior321 Please Add 10 more ladies. 
Most likely, Peek is being removed for doing his job.
when did ariana get so good at keeping her mouth 
Feb 29th
Fantastic day for ACDEC despite a heavy hearted day. 1st place and showing our strengths! Very exciting! @IrvingISD 
Miu was reading 100 ranks after many days >< น้องอ่านท็อป 100 ในรอบหลายวันเลย >< #下尾みう #มิอุ 
Jam - Soundman x Wizkid x Chronixx I can’t just stop listen  …
"accused of stealing"? Just "stole" is more accurate, right?
Oh ffs Mike just HAD to live up to the stereotype looool 
Black gangs setting upon unsuspecting tourists in Dublin, landing in kicks to the head while victim is down The #diversity crime wave continues Do you want an Irish Ireland or a global sewer? Choose very carefully this election 
I give it 3 years.... Then he'll be back... Tail between legs... Wanting forgiveness.
We got our babygirl, Braeleigh Renae Allen 
Supreme Court to hear cases involving 'contraceptive mandate' requiring employer-provided health care to pay for birth control  …
I am excited to announce the launch of the Lifestyle/Clothing Brand “Professional Scorer’s Club”. Being a Pro Athlete requires a certain lifestyle and outside the field of play that lifestyle is often expressed through fashion.  score with us. Follow @scorersclub for  …
WE DID IT! We have finally reached 10k followers on #Instagram. We you, fam! Thanks to each and every one of our followers for following us and staying connected. Not following yet? Follow today:  
BREAKING: Huntsville High principal Aaron King released a statement saying the Panthers have played an ineligible player this season and will forfeit any wins that that player was a part of It does not specify which player or how many wins will be forfeited in this 
Marijuana sales in Oregon along the Idaho state line are 420% the statewide average, state report says. Idaho residents are purchasing recreational marijuana in Oregon because it is illegal in 
that video says everything
First night out this year!! But hang on, let me back this up 
Best of luck to @Borris_GAA in the club all Ireland tomorrow great representatives for @TipperaryGAA !
There is Camila... and there’s that Alex Gold 
What has Pepe done to make VAR so angry?
Lady Evelyn Cavendish, 1902 #realism 
ariana is friends with lil uzi vert and he  her to check out gfriend omg SLAY   …
Anyone still propping up warren or claim she is progressive and need for “progressive unity “ are just using Bernie’s movement to further their own career or profit . Anyone  sense knows she isn’t a progressive and know Tulsi and Nina better .
You've never run a manufacturing business integrated into the single market  cross border supply chains. Because if you had you  out with this idiocy.
im gamer, so I cry every 2nd day for at least 10 minutes, its my special eye exercise
simpler 
a good bean doodle as i try to figure out my brush settings again after switching to windows 10 
When work doesn’t feel like work when you have good coworkers
i haven’t even had this acc for two months,,i can’t believe i just hit 700. thank you all so much, it means the world to me
some random ass fraternity shared a file to my google drive with their potential rush candidates lmao wtf
this was a whole episode of Black Mirror.
Hidden Camera Shows How Much Cat Misses His Human This is Bobo and his human had a hunch that while at work, Bobo pined for him and missed him terribly because he was always so happy to see him when he arrived back at the house. CLICK to watch >  … 
*AUSTIN TONIGHT!* Doors 7pm CST Bell 8pm CST/9PM EST Tix available at the Door Watch LIVE on @FiteTV:  … Gage v Kat RSP vs Mance Masada v SHLAK Justice v Lloyd Zayne v Bey Webb v Starks Dickinson v Dalton Blake v Medina 
Nobody: The dgm 
RT BernieSanders: In the last few days, Trump and the Republican Party have been attacking our campaign. It looks like the most dangerous president in history is getting nervous, and he should be. Join me, NaomiAKlein & johncusack in Manchester,  …
Rashford is not with the Manchester United squad ahead of tomorrow's game against Liverpool (men) #mufc
New: @HawleyMO told me that in the most recent draft of McConnell's organizing resolution he saw there was an option for the president's counsel to make a motion to dismiss in multiple places, including at the beginning of the  …
We are tested with what we choose to love.
No. She should not. You’re a smart guy, Jonathan. But this is just  …
Nobody even noticed me #buildyourlegend #interceptwines #lodgekohler  …
Brexit: Boris Johnson orders Trump trade talks to begin the day after UK leaves the  …
Being called weird is like being called Limited Edition. Meaning you're something people don't see that often. Remember that.
Why I dont shoot my shot: -I'm annoying -98% of the time I get shot down -I'm a 2/10 -I'm really awkward -I'm no ones type -they already talking/thinking to someone else  on too strong -Me big dumb
. @joeyar gonna beat me up irl 
Hells YES or hells 
The stormtrooper have jokes #disneyland #stormtrooper #burn #RiseOfTheResistance #KyloRen #starwars 
I’m as solid as  So yeah it be fucked up when people try play me definitely when I haven’t been nothing but solid.
There's a new champ atop The Shredder's RF list! @RedSox star @mookiebetts is the new #1 heading into 2020 
Painter 0f the night kookv version. #taekook #kookv 
I'm making a 1950's home, so here's my attempt at making a vintage looking TV! It's 2 side tables and 2 tvs put together I'll put the inspiration picture 
So Abby is just 12 but she's still taller than both Nero and 
thank you for all the birthday wishes for TIH, gonna celebrate by listening to our debut album :)
Trump judges are playing keep-away with his tax returns and financial records — Judges Trevor McFadden and Neomi Rao have so far done everything in their power to protect Trump from lawful  …
When a politcal career of a globalist puppet is ending because of treasonous actions. The French have a special way of dealing with that. When Louis 16 was convicted of conspiracy he was executed by guillotine in the Place de la Revolution in  …
This outfit is available in the shop. Both are medium  
asher millstone being totally unaware of the murder gang in  …
Need a paddle Lisa........ Don't piss of Scotland.......... you have 1 MP up here soon to be none. The crap you deliver down there.........doesn't work up here
I Signed the Davey Boy Smith (The British Bulldog) To be inducted in to the World Wrestling Entertainment Hall of Fame - Sign the Petition! So should you  via @Change @georgiasmith87
Y’all like 
The car The driver  
I spent my morning working on clients and my afternoon with two nurses who are fellow volunteers (one Co-Chair) of @WholeWashington, watching ‘The Power to Heal.’ Everyone needs to see this documentary about the Civil rights movement, & the passage of Medicare (1/2).
That's no pussy! It's a wiener! 
<Seoul Music Awards Rookie Category voting rankings> #7. @ITZYofficial - 0.7% (18298) Midzy, let's try to reduce the backlog a bit, we remind online voting is 30% of the necessary criterion for winning "29th SMA ROTY" award. Voting tutorial below:  
I got a seafood problem , I see food and I eat it
I swear my haircut expires quick af
Japan Debut Single Magic Hour ALBUM - #YEONJUN Photocard (SCAN) #연준 @TXT_members © 
this is fire! the Aesthetic my god  …
#Leaker #Page #Strzok #RosenStein Rod Rosenstein admits to leaking text messages between Peter Strzok, Lisa  …
girls in high school on their  …
New articles are  a boy-group who worked its way up the industry w/o shit and are spreading a positive message to every single age demographic w/ different genres of music discography to another boy-group who's whole career is dependent on childhood nostalgia????
Former players in the house tonight: Bilas, Scheyer, Smith, Singler, Thomas, Zoubek, James, Carrawell, Perry, Strickland, Ferry, Hairston, Price, Zafirovski 
New York Islanders delete Devon Toews bird-celly tweet after getting roasted on  …
Kiana's instagram 
Lmao  …
I get so annoyed when my food order wrong or it’s not fresh str8 up
looking for a gf, dm me if u like what u 
#BookLovers If you had a chance to change the life of a child with a book, would you do it? Here is your chance. Pick a teacher from this spreadsheet and gift a book. I bet you can find a list with your favorite book on it. #CleartheList  
. @KyrieIrving with a new Nike Kyrie 6 flavor today. : Noah K. Murray / 
Just went from 6 to 11th cuz I got error coded
y’all 
Been working on really crunching those colors as your status gets progressively worse. Plus some bonus death physics. #screenshotsaturday #madewithunity #unity3d #b3d 
Honestly wouldn’t be surprised if this happened when I take the field next 
Absolutely fantastic workshop today at @inspireactors @tweetkeogh Always great to learn from such passionate creatives
The way Tabata (Black Clover's mangaka) made Shouto even more beautiful than he already is. This is what we deserve. 
harold, up for 
I mean when cooking bacon does it even count if you don’t set off the fire alarm?
So you want people like me to live deeper in poverty even though social security doesn't pay a living  already?
⠀ ⠀ ⠀ this is you trying to cut social security for the last four decades
Did i mention i was in flag football 
I love a nude matte lid with a soft brown 
this is savage. even right-wingers can see through this manufactured bullshit on Elizabeth Warren's part.  …
well 
You can’t get enough of me, look like you stuck with 
Whoops caught the pregnant 
This is a sign I bought because my family has a problem replacing the toilet 
Sometimes you just need to stay indoors and work a good puzzle! We love all the puzzles 
okay now i'm listening txt best song i challenge you to guess what it is @TXT_members #TheStreamChapter
matthew gray gubler holding 
My internal hard drive disk is damaged because of an electrical issues I had weeks ago at my neighborhood. Today it deleted all my files from last and this year. meaning every progress I did at  is gone.  ;; Donations are 
Tweet proves Pres. Trump is obviously deeply worried about the  trial-perhaps to the point of panic. @CNN @CillizzaCNN can no doubt see this as  …
*dying during childbirth* “Tell my kids... I was an unproblematic king”
suggesting tv shows with wlw couples in it to people will really be the way  out it's not my fault i only watch and enjoy when there is lesbians in it but it might be kinda my fault when i  those to people who are very outly homophobic
hello. i remembered how to draw mountains. check out this shit 
TW: sexual abuse of minors, suicide Someone contacted me about this predator, nora.the.wolf on Instagram. PLEASE stay away from him. He poses as a 16 y.o. girl, gains private info of minors, and blackmails them into sexual situations. This is  …
I don’t think that is the point. All media over covered trump because he was a novelty act. Great for ratings. They covered the whole election like a reality show . On future examination , the whole  will look horrible.
i’d die for him  …
Mario can troll with the best of them.
Les affaires sont les 
We think its time, 2020 is gonna be a wild one! Powered by @Juggernaut ! Code “1Reason” for 10% 
Inuk word of the day (#4): UKumaittuk = Heavy. You can use this word when someone asks you to move something, fridge, stove or anything heavy. Snow can be heavy too when  properly, or city plows plow it on you driveway entrance. Oo - hu - mite - 
-""playful attempts at biting"" sometimes when we pet a cat the cat will kinda playful try to chomp you hand. And you laugh like "awww cute little baby tryin to play" and you continue the interaction and the cat's like AW YEAH LET'S AMP THIS UP TO ELEVEN and actually bite
Are you ready for a Sinulog-inspired opening number later? #ALDENxAllOutSundays #ALDENRichards @aldenrichards02 
This is actually one of those “satisfying” videos. The slow rise of the door, the perfectly flat, white snow behind it
Ms!katsuki and his henchmen cornering ms!Izuku in the school bathrooms and humiliate him by forcing him to put on lacey girls clothing. The last thing Katsuki expected was to get hard looking at Deku's smooth freckled baby skin hugged by mint green lace panties and a dress
Thank you to all the teams & parents who came out for the Alex Mackmin Memorial Tournament. It meant a lot to  to get this tournament in despite the weather. Thank you to our wrestlers, administration, families, and volunteers for making it happen! #AM Go Big Reds!
Things I'm SO READY for: -babysitter!Bakugou -INATODO -Inasa falling in love with Todoroki -Camie casually flirts and gives her number to Todoroki and Inasa's like "I wanna do it too" -Camie basically says "Bakugou's hot when he shuts up" -MABOROKI -CHARACTER 
#OldSchool #Saturday E Times Two - Photo by Lou 
the art vs. the reference  
Kyle Lowry OG Anunoby Pascal Siakam Serge Ibaka Marc Gasol Fred VanVleet Norman Powell Terence Davis Rondae Hollis-Jefferson Patrick McCaw Chris Boucher Matt Thomas Stanley Johnson Malcolm Miller We back.
Who's out tonight then? Where is everyone? 
#Clemson linebacker @isaiahsimmons25 will be represented by @DavidMulugheta of Athletes First.
Shouldn't a reporter be more than a stenographer? This is a bullshit, bogus, fear-mongering statement by the White House. Don't just restate it as if it's a legit or reasonable  …
I'm of the opinion it should just be vacated. It's not even that they cheated in the World Series. It's that they cheated to even get there. That ALCS went 7 games. The Astros not only didn't earn the title, they didn't even earn the right  for that  …
Ugh, I can't believe I wasted my time on a liberal. WTH was I thinking? I don't have time for that crap NEVER AGAIN!!! Whatever time I have left WILL be spent on POSITIVE, HAPPY, ENCOURAGING things and people.
Let’s hashtag it — and retweet:  …
This goes so deep for me that all I can say is thank you,  …
Snowy Saturday in 
*rubs  …
Add me on Instagram  on my last photo for a S/O IG: BreadBoi  
Took an early look at Colorado WR Laviska Shenault. #FantasyFootball accounts will tell you to worry about his “injury history”. Just like DK Metcalf... 2020 Rookie Class: An Early Look at Laviska Shenault, WR Colorado #Buffs 
Thank You to NY Empire State Huskies-Sottile, NY TC Futures & NJ Gators 14/16U travel teams  out to our team clinic today. We enjoyed working w/all of you & wish you the best of luck this summer. #ThrowAndCatch #Hitting #GrowingTheGame #GoRams  – at Lombardi Athletic Center
Trump Supporter Claims ‘Gentleman’ Trump Treats Melania Much Better Than Obama Treats  …
all what ppl do these days is attack each other and then rant about how cruel the world is
The Trump Administration installed a Plaque marking the finish of 100 miles of Border Wall The plaque says that it's "dedicated to all the Men and Women who Work Tirelessly to Protect our Nation." "It's a blessing and it saves peoples  …
The person  a crime is guilty. But the one who witnesses and does nothing about it is a greater criminal than the one  it. Stand up for humanity. @HollandPtm #PTM
Did you know @ChrisMarlow666 voices an npc vendor at golden sands outpost! now you do! #SeaOfThieves #BeMorePirate #SoTShot @SeaOfThieves 
the bucks’ defense is  …
A lot of y'all making fun of Aaliyah's d*ath but what if that ever happens to your 
forgive me friend @daviddobrik | 
Giants fans  
Musselman on Calipari ejection “the momentum definitely switched in Kentucky’s favor after that.”

fuck the onceler stream my o’hare fancam 
[RT! ] Hi!! I'm looking for an artist to work on a project I'd like done - specifically, a FB illustration of an existing character with an inventory. I have refs for all desired items. Budget is flexible.  or DM if interested! ( Ex:  )
8M for a lyrics video...isn't that too much when the actual MV 
What's the first word(s)  to mind when you see this TV shot of mine on 
Y'all ever hear of...... birds?
CJ Fredrick is shooting 51 percent from three-point range this season.
Lonzo Ball last 10 games: 18 PTS - 11 AST - 10 REB 5 PTS - 13 AST - 4 REB 19 PTS - 9 AST - 12 REB 10 PTS - 10 AST - 13 REB 15 PTS - 11 AST - 6 REB 11 PTS - 7 AST - 5 REB 21 PTS - 7 AST - 8 REB 24 PTS - 10 AST - 6 REB 23 PTS - 5 AST - 2 REB 27 PTS - 10 AST - 10 REB 38% 3P% 
namjoon is evil for using jikooks crush on him just to win i respect him very  …
42w Key club beach cleanup. OHS Key club representing with 20 members Service is our way of life. @RichardUrias 
Don't worry guys! The universe is on our side! When @BeingSalmanKhan said that made up crap about @realhimanshi and #AsimRiaz, they lost their credibility in the next half of the epi when #ParasChabbra exposed #BB13! #BiggBoss13. Now nobody will blame Asim! #IStandByAsim
born this way II: black jesus † The Re Up
I’m gonna get everything I was supposed to have and more this year
This  from the guy who thinks a wall is somehow going to protect the southern  …
Nobody: White eboys apologizing after being dragged for saying the n 
Would you let a lamprey patch on? 
“We asked 100 people, top five answers are on the board... Fuck it just name a porn star”
#1975angels Deleted last one, but fuck it 
A horror movie about me dog sitting. The entire plot revolves around me dying a horrible death when this photo gets a certain amount of 
this should’ve stayed in ur  …
I can't wait to pretend I gamble to solve every problem I have. Everyone must call me madame. My velvet cap DEMANDS 
Her body is done but yes I agree everything in point 2020
WHAT WAS THAT @camcsgo  
And that’s on hydration
Pedestrians are getting killed trying to cross freeways that are between residential neighborhoods and shopping centers, @iihs finds. Its  Build fences (not pedestrian bridges)  …
Black folk are a different type of funny. Like why are we like this  …
So proud of kiwi  …
GameStop employees practicing how they’re going to hand those games back at you for 
Because the World Wars were PRETTY F#@$ING  …
Make me your gf and this is how loyal Ima  …
This 1942 got me lit and my Album dropping midnight. “Life is Good” fymmm
i have a feeling ariana will be performing a medley of songs.
Conspiracy theory: the longer Avery’s hair is, the better he plays. Change my mind. 
I once interviewed to be an executive assistant to a CEO and sat for 3 hours as a dozen people asked me the same questions followed by an awkward lunch with the CEO where we discussed his book and family but not the job. I didn’t get the job and now he’s running for  …
it’s in times like this that i am in awe of the bellarke fandom. the generosity, kindness and good heart you guys show me every day are honestly so inspiring and i’m so so happy i get to know so many incredible people and share this fandom experience with you
Ai, Love! 
“We are on course to see higher sea levels in the future—possibly by as much as a metre or more by the end of this century.” #ClimateChange  …
this got Really Cursed, Really 

I just opened the PR that adds Mono into the dotnet/runtime repo:  … :) Let's get this party  …
Women's March... Yeah, I'm getting ready to march right on over to the gym for a good old healthy, sweat induced, balance-oriented, personally-elevating workout. Ahhh! Lovely day to be a mentally, emotionally and spiritually WHOLE woman. Grateful for it all. God Bless us.
2. Just stop asking where she wants to eat. Just drive to where you want to go. Why? Because. No matter where y’all go, she’s still gonna eat whatever YOU ordered for yourself. Because fuck you, that’s why.
western people be like ew tongue beef what do these ppl EAT omg but when it's a mustard braised michelin star hugh acheson recipe it's called gourmet
Bolivia's military and police are positioned at strategic points around the country. @OVargas52 was in La Paz and filmed some of the scenes days ahead of planned protests against Jeanine Añez. 
This! It's not a smear or an attack when it's public record that #JoeBiden 's stance has been to freeze/cut social security! #BidenSocialSecurityCuts
If I ran the MOMA this would be the first thing in that bitch 
Senators who voted against USMCA Take note #Pennsylvania  …
This @TheCrownedOne_ if he played football and murdered for a side job  …
saddest casuality of this war so 
Beautiful insect-like creature sculpts by Zhelong Xu. This artist always shows elegant ways to design and present fictional and fantasy creatures. Also a master of Zbrush as obviously seen in this entire gallery !  #conceptart #3D #Zbrush 
Wassup lil bro  …
Wes McCauley is all 
We were honoured to participate today in #RISE. It launched #LBOC2020, highlighting the fascinating history of Brent, the #LondonBoroughofCulture for 2020. We look forward to  everyone to #NeasdenTemple in what is also our 25th anniversary year. #NeasdenTemple25  – at BAPS Shri Swaminarayan Mandir
You seen  …
this is every dude who’s a film 
AnS 1/18 Yamada: *tastes the meat with the vinaigrette sauce that Jun made* Yamadad huh? Is this tomato? I might be okay with it...it’s delicious! MJ: You’ve  an 
Focus your #ReleaseTheSnyderCut efforts into positivity, y'all. I know is sucks sometimes but we have to keep fighting the good fight :) 
Oh wow. Thank you so much for the share. I can’t wait to tell him. He loves you
The scenes in About Time when Bill Nighy chooses his favourite moment to relive with his son for one last time and it’s with him as a young boy in the beach. In 
BREAKING NEWS: Couple in their 30s move out of grandmother’s house and get off the  …
the "kubrick stare" is one of stanley kubrick's most recognizable directorial techniques, a method of  where a character stares at the camera with a forward tilt, to convey to the audience that the character in question is at the peak of their derangement. 
oh my god what could she be hiding under there 
I swear I never met Lev Parnas. - everybody,  …
A) there is no evidence her skin colour held this lady back B) this lady and yourself are suggesting his skin colour should hold him back from offering an opinion whilst Shami Chakrabarti the great antisemitism denier suggested anyone with a penis shouldn't be consider for leader
Are you ready #Glendale ! @Tool plays the @GilaRiverArena tonight with @authorpunisher ! @mjkeenan @AdamJones_tv #DannyCarey #JustinChancellor 
the league of villains going after 
[Billboard Korea Hip-Hop Live Vol.1 with nafla] Date : 20.01.31 (FRI) 11PM (KST) Venue : CLUB OCTAGON RSVP at the link in @billboardkorea bio for your shot to see @nasungcityboy, the artist of Billboard Korea Hip-Hop Live Vol.1. ⠀ #BillboardKoreaHipHopLive #nafla 
That’s the tea. Okay you on the  …
imagine a Toronto version of love island
*sees a toxic man who doesn’t reply and doesn’t give me the attention I 
Facebook never fails me! 
David just keeps the ball moving when he's in there. Dribbling with intent and finding the open spaces on the floor and the open teammates.
PS so you can affirm the authenticity of that horribly histrionically written 7 page of legal garbage This is the “official” White House link  …
Aussie Fire Fighter #PaulParker , Voices The Thoughts And Feelings Of Millions Of Australians , Telling @ScottMorrisonMP To #GoAndGetFucked  #auspol  #AustraliaBurns #NotMyPrimeMinister @abcnews
Nagode Baba na! I can’t express how much you all mean to me, i appreciate bro! God bless you Baba  …
my sleep paralysis demon back for night 2 but with a new 
Tune in for the action of @LSUBasketball as they travel to take on Ole Miss from Oxford. Join @JohnBrady_Coach and @LSUTigersVoice from The Pavilion starting at 6:30 with tip-off at 7. Remember you can sync your mobile device and speaker to the television 
If Dem nominee wins Mich., Wisc. & Penn., Trump has no path to electoral college victory. Pump 2 billion bucks into those states to register voters, build ground game & saturate local media markets...Trump is  …
If you ever catch yourself begging someone you love for respect, honesty, kindness, a text back? You need to take a sec and realize you’re begging for the BARE MINIMUM.
Some selfie subliminal usage of thirds using a mirror;-) Figure it 
Just a reminder to everyone ALP lost the election by 1 seat. And Clive Palmer has his coal mine approved, so he’s unlikely to splash millions around again on anti-Labor ads unless they have a policy that directly impacts him.
'Strong' paper trail has John Durham investigating the months before Mueller  …
starting my own porn site where the only videos are a time lapse of a carrot withering, a naked person coated in moths, and Helen Mirren as Elizabeth II saying “bugger it”
Let's be together for a long time All is Well #엑소엘이_믿는_첸 #엑소엘은_엑소9명_믿어 #EXOLBelievesInEXO9 
fav album vs me  
cannot wait to act a fuckin FOOL wit my kid  …
Beautiful night Friends . Happy and sweet 
i stg if they cut their hair i’m gonna k word 
Oh my god you could feel the flames shooting out of Sutton's eyes on that swat
Oh hey - it was snowing, so I made some fancy extra Spacejammer updates, and even added my nifty R. Rook pseudo logo. It's all  with @MelsonianArts's Troika! And now the skill math is better!  … It's ONLY $.60 through Feb. 
Some facts for the late night TL Aguero > Kane Liverpool 19/20 so far > Any other PL team in history Offside rule in VAR needs to be changed Ps4 > Xbox PL > Any other league Kdb is the best midfielder itw no debate Messi is the How many W’s?
You guys are the best...orders came flying  …
ok these people just insane at this 
I’ll never let anyone disrespect my mom.
I will never buy or read an article about any of the royals because to do so would encourage the bad behavior of the press #megexit
If I had an audio recording of a man confessing sexual assault and he spent the whole interview saying I couldn’t see his tax returns I would probably not hire him to cut up boxes at a warehouse much less give him his own space army.
The GOP think it will be easier to face progressives in the general election. That's why they're "advocating" for progressives (even for me in my race). They're 100% wrong. Help me prove it:   …
BlueBucksClan so hard
This may controversial in some circles but... Good for Harry for trying to protect his wife and child. The press, literally, hounded his mother to death. He, more than anyone, understands the damage MSM can do to royals. #megexit
1- Hunter Biden is not the only one grifting off Papa Bear's political influence.. This article recaps a new @peterschweizer book titled: “Profiles in Corruption: Abuse of Power by America’s Progressive Elite". Key excerpts  …
January 18: #DakotaJohnson leaving an ice cream shop with Moses Martin in Malibu, 
Look at how he evaded your valid question by turning it on you. Typical.
I miss the good old days of philosophy when the standard method for proving your point was to have a random Athenian agree when Socrates asked it as a rhetorical question
Good night guys, enjoy the rest of your Saturday and the awesome pics and videos of The Big Dog later. #RomanReigns #RomanEmpire #RomanReigns2020 his year 
Devs are hard at work, making progress, running into barriers, and working through them with focus, teamwork, and tacos @mitrealityhack 
@tonygoldwyn has always been one of our greatest and most fearless champions. I remember him vividly in both of those gay parts. And The Sum of Us was a stunning play. As was Tony in his "footie  …
Hov definitely getting  …
In the 1960s this was considered HEALTH 
This semester is all about getting boyfriend Goals
There’s a difference between jealousy and overprotective..... know it.
PSA: Citing Joe Biden’s long record of trying to cut Social Security isn’t an “attack.” We’re citing his record. It’s equivalent to saying he was Obama’s Vice President, or that he eulogized a segregationist.  …
hey mutuals reply w ur ult and a color and I'll give you a quick lil.. whatever this is 
It makes so much sense 
What’s the 
They literally have hiatus in their name but my eris are so active every day for Chen. Thank you so much @EXOGlobal
Way To The Show - 
IG Horowitz Stealth-Edits FISA Abuse Report to Cover-Up Discrepancy About FBI's Use of Spies Into Trump's Campaign  … via @gatewaypundit
It will be interesting to see how future Republican Congresses refrain from using an impeachment ever again.
[YOUTUBE] @GFRDofficial has accumulated over 400 million views across MVs! - 1theK and GFriend  - Excluding JP MVs - Excluding deleted views from Genie #GFriend #回_Labyrinth @GFRDofficial
This is the apartment of someone who knows where to buy  …
The face || The fitt  
let's be real: if Bernie had the foresight to fake 50 years of social and economic justice advocacy because he saw it would one day be his ticket to power when he's pushing 80, then he is exactly the sort of Best and Brightest libs love to say they want running things
That's because he knew he would lose without the benefits that gerrymandering had previously provided him.
sad bc the first girls design is actually p cute but no she just HAD to be annoying big waste im  …
Great to meet the infamous @EricCHenry_ at the @UCF_MBB game tonight! Super 
‘For every question why, you were my because’ Stream 
If  out with a remix album what should I call it?
Y'all see that Clery Alert just now???? Y'all better lock your doors!
Underwater is a deep sea disaster movie with MONSTERS but the most unrealistic part is that Kristen Stewart’s character has a MALE LOVE INTEREST. LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL!!!!!
60 killed in attack on #Saudi-backed forces in northern  …
Live Stream McGregor VS Cerrone A match like a torch now LINK HD ➤  LINK MOB  UFC 264 Live Stream LINK HD ➤  LINK MOB  #UFٍC246 
Judge Smacks Down Transgender Pronouns, Says They're a Courtesy, Not a Right for People Before the  …
Any chance we could concern ourselves with the people who have lost everything, but have still received no assistance? Australian citizens are rationing what food they have left!
This is, quite simply, The Best.  …
Very creepy. Kind of like the very things  from DT's own 
I can't believe I hadn't drawn Agata up to this point. He's my favorite Shishigumi lion (tied with Ibuki actually) - #Beastars #BEASTARS展 
My last $10 sketch slot I did this week, and it belongs to @RoobatRumbler 
Suga suga how you get so 
I’m still counting this as a  …
I just want to say THANK YOU!! To everyone who got me to 500 followers, and for the 1st time I actually have something to give back to you all to say thank you!!!! Session will open in 1 hour Add: X_N0name_99 for 
Zentella, building on Urcuoli, shows how, in the post-civil rights US, we’ve seen a remapping of race from biology onto language & culture, making it acceptable to racially deride various populations’ language practices & demanding that they change these 
#Christmas in the holy city #Lalibela, #Ethiopia. I was deeply touched by the fanatic architecture. A holy city of Orthodox Christian for thousands of years. @ToDjibouti @flyethiopian @Ethiopia24News @EthiopiaEU @TToga9 @PMEthiopia 
I pray I reunite with my loved ones in Jannah one day. Ameen.
Weight throw meet record Shot put meet record/NCAA Provisional/1st in #NSICIDTF Zoe Christensen, ladies and gentlemen 
Jesus doesn’t demand perfection. He just asks that you pursue a perfect God and point others to Him!
Not to be outdone, following his 300th win...here's @CoachRhoades back in the back with @VCULitos. Presented by @ManWithSqFeet  … #LetsGoVCU
An astonishing amount of my time today has been spent debunking the edited clip of this answer on FB.  …
but Selena is the desperate one right? 
If I end up pregnant this year, I’m pulling a Kylie jenner .
stanning Gaga is like stanning a mannequin excpet even less 
I don’t fw nobody nomore cs they only hmu when they need some
Varied bullet patterns, bright colors, I think folks will enjoy #SistersRoyale on Nintendo Switch. #Shmup 
canceling  …
My phone does this annoying thing where if I get sent a photo/file that was taken/saved X weeks back, when I save it to my phone, I have to trawl back X weeks to find the file, instead of it just being the most recently saved photo and HOW DO I STOP THIS IT IS DRIVING ME SPARE
King Crimson - Lizard.. Released in 1970, it was not very popular at the time! Critics said it was too jazzy!! I really like it! #kingcrimson 
Passing through the shadow of the giant. 
How Indigenous people see it isn't what really matters what matters is that the "important" people mean it as an honor? Where have we heard this argument before?  
The goddess smiled brightly as she looked down at the new sweater dress that had been gifted to her "Oh thank you! I never knew human clothes could be 
I WANT 
So much enthusiasm and energy from Open Pom Semifinals in the HP Fieldhouse! 
There was a scuffle happening at the back garage door last night, so I opened it. These two lovebirds hopped in and had to be escorted out again to get their kicks 
........... i see why God doesn’t bless me like this because i would be on vacation right  …
Here you go. Hit the 100 like goal. The Mood Swing Part III . 
oh to be a water chicken just aimlessly lost in the sea forever is all ive ever 
thinking about all the various ways humanity would be better off if Peter Thiel just suddenly  …
Knocking off the rust 
so FALLING BELONGS TO HIM 

I wonder if @LozzaFox actually knows how how much support he has? I know he’s keeping us all entertained with his tweets but I wonder if he knows how much respect people have for him?! #WeRunWithTheFOX
2020 Arkansas High School Invitational 4th ALL TIME 60H PERFORMANCE @camtwil #CheckTheResults 
They wanna reserve the girl that look good on paper but she’s boring or basic. But will have a chick on the side that’s everything they want, just be with her and be happy lol
The son the mommy  
Still not over this film and never will be  
@RomeTrumain wears a full #BALMAIN look to attend the #BALMAINFW20 men’s show in Paris. 
Remembering me of the secret garden of Howl's Moving castle which is one of my favorite representation of 
Happy birthday Pep best wishes from 
APOLLO JUSTICE KLAVIER GAVIN
Watch that corner 
They’re planning to do a protest against CJ. Finally, i hope there’s a good feedback after  …
Synnara Real-Time Sales 2020.01.19 [ 08:30 kst ] #2.TREASURE EP.3: One To All #3.Treasure EP.Fin: All to Action #ATEEZ 
they  for the best Grammy 
so 
He doesn't give a damn about their opinion and he's too talented so they can't end his career and they can't bully him. He's so freaking smart too. I like the way he thinks.
That evil, slow-moving fuck scared THE HELL out of me as a  …
One of Trump’s consistencies is his repetition of the same lies over and over. The liar in  …
Maddie you ignorant slut 
Brian Kenny and Cliff Floyd are both basically saying when Aaron Judge is healthy he is clear cut the 2nd best player in the game
Tribute to @SpiralVision - A video  put together to thank you for everything you guys have done! @EdwardLifegem @ADreamwalker101 @Wizard101  
ion got hoes, that don’t excite me .
The sky looks gorgeous 
List of content I will be uploading on onlyfans! 1. Explict pics and videos 2. Clothing try on 3. Personal "Therapist" videos 4. Joi videos 5. Spit videos If you want custom content message me and we can work it out!  $9.99 *femdom findom*
