CCP has been controlling the Western media narrative with the help of Silicon Valley. Scary stuff.
How will somebody be hungry by 1am?
Marine Sgt. Seth Groody likes to harass women and has a tattoo changing the Eagle on the EGA to a Nazi one. Seems like he should be invited to be a civilian @USMC and not lead young Marines of any  …
First game of the weekend the Warriors beat the CSU Rams by a score of 4-0!! #GoWarriors GOALS by Ketterson, Marcotte, and K. Grothmann (x2) MVPs: Andrea Schreiber (First Collegiate SHUTOUT!!), and the white line of Maggie Marcotte, Mylie Ketterson, and Kenzie 
51 Senators voted to thwart justice. We know Trump is guilty. They know Trump is guilty. They just don't want to see justice be served because they would lose power. The @GOP stands for party over country. Come November you know what to do.  …
Papa this nuh mek sense. You still a citizen
“It’s a significant public health problem.” An estimated 6 million Americans have a gambling addiction that is as gripping as drugs or alcohol.  …
Why would Lindsey be pleased that the request for witnesses be denied if trump is innocent? If I was accused of something illegal I would want to have as many witnesses as possible to testify to exonerate me. Unless I was guilty. Then I would be happy to have no witnesses.
Daily Draw February Challenge Drawing #1 
Jason Kenney is going to barge into your house, make you wear Kleenex box shoes and a potato sack shirt, stomp your flowers, and then steal your kids' crayons.  …
Thanks. That is the main advantage when driving a @Tesla  …
There is only one requirement for being a part of the modern "conservative" movement and it is not being  …
tokyo drift: han died in a car crash fast 6: ACTUALLY, luke evans killed han fast 7: ACTUALLY, jason statham shot han in the head! fast 9: ACTUALLY, han is not dead at all! fast 11: han is immortal fast 32: han ascends to godhood
Wowee lad that went through local academy makes it to the Premiership and  a Hammer @WestHam @HerefordFC Best of luck 
ICYMI: Earlier today the Pirates added utility man JT Riddle via free  …
January was a tough year but we are almost done with it
FUNIMATION VOICE ACTORS ATTACKED OVER VIC MIGNOGNA LAWSUIT! Turns Out #KickVic Are HUNTING And targeting any other Voice Actors that decide to defend Vic Mignoga this is so low! 
Just over one hour until go time. Are you ready to blast off to adventure?  
That loser project belongs 100% to him and his quitter mates. If they wanted Unity then that,East no lying, no cheating, no bullying and some deep and wise listening. None of that has even started.
In the first two episodes of Star Trek: Picard, the show has actually made a previous Star Trek movie even  …
galit na galit sila sakin kasi pinarebook ko yung flight namin (coz I got S.I. Meeting and I was thinking of cheerdance din na baka mamove ng first week of feb), So we’re basically spending just ONE whole day here in Sg
Hey @FergieWrestler you know what I've been doing all day? Pumping @OurLadyPeace and getting primed to muck some border-crossing, bitch-made, sorry-ass, low-down, clown-shoe criminals tonight at the #Rickshaw #whatever #inrepair #starseed
do i take a nap or do i watch a 
; — Ma boys @johnnyxjao @Isaacjenolx @1stjhxstorm @tractilexjh @JacobbxJH @jackfxjenojr @missionjenox @doyoungxtidkhun @boyzxfortnite @jaeminbyslx @noturmildell @caironxty
So McConnell caved to Schumer: final vote to happen on Wednesday. That means Trump delivers his SOTU as a president on trial to be removed from office. Man, McConnell gets outplayed by Schumer so often. I’m not a big Mitch hater, but that’s pathetic. Isn’t he the Senate leader?
Pedestrian crossing buttons are a scam created to state the masses
Wow I was not expecting to be in the first #Comrad for the new year haha What an awesome thing to wake up  …
Report of a car off the road. Upon arrival, a tow truck was pulling the vehicle out. Investigation underway on how it wound up in that spot. #MNcopsVRA
SOPHOMORE SEASON HIGHLIGHTS 
My new #BuzzWorthy scholar showed kindness to another scholar by telling him, “Don’t worry buddy, I will walk with you to your bus today!” He filled my heart with happiness! #proudteacher #kindnessweek #KindnessIsMagic @howellprincipal 
Elevated Existence ⁦ @omari6244⁩ 
I can't believe this is my most watched 
; — Ma girls @lalitaxirene @dookdikxz @ellieirenex @1stdilirebawyx @metypexmn @bokraklnwzaza04 @wyxdinosaw @guyguyggez @rarxlq_
People like anon are the reason why teaching English is hard and in the end results with students having thicker accents and makes mistakes when speaking, because they’re embarrassed to speak another languages. They’re scared to make mistakes and it’s a difficult mindset to  …
What is the enemy of Trust? I'm assuming it's deceit given the themes for this season. So if the enemy of trust is deceit. Then what is the friend of Trust? Will it be…love? Trust in love? Perhaps the answer lies in the simple things that require a smaller, more honest 
I dodged a Wetherspoons today; and always will, forever.
this article makes it even worse it’s like this happened every day for three months and no one knew a thing my skin is  …
Our institutions have changed a lot. The racism and authoritarianism are still around though, which is I think the  …
You got some pretty skin honeyyy.
Just think! If Trump had simply lied about a blow job ... oh wait...
@DNC Stands for the Murder of Children as “Women’s Health Care”, Underscoring its Contempt for All Human Life. Which Group of Americans will they Next Designate as Unworthy to Live, on their Path to Tyranny?  
RuPaul’s Drag Race Live was incredible! Entertaining from beginning to  …
I guess the Democrats have proven that the Republican Party is bottomless in its corruption and set to destroy the institution of American Democracy. I wish they had also demonstrated they can do something about it.
In February 2020, we're staring down tyranny. In February 1973, The Grateful Dead were investigating absolute  …
Congrats to Wade Tracy on being named the new Bellevue West Head Softball 
Modal test - Overviewed here in a recent Philip Sloss article:  …  …
Casual mirror selfie 
Sekulow, chief counsel American Center for Law &Justice, nonprofit Christian legal advocacy group. Lawyers there are named in recent Senate legal briefs as members of Trump’s defense team — and Sekulow’s sons. IRS rules barr partisan political activities  …
Nigeria?! Wow. US administration trying to make it nearly impossible for people from one of the Africa’s largest and wealthiest countries to legally immigrate to US. One day we’ll look back on this and ...  …
They are 
ON THE ROAD: A high school assembly changed hundreds of lives after a Toledo businessman said the time  to give back. @SteveHartmanCBS is “On the Road”  
Odell reflects on his favorite Kobe moments. @obj 
Walked into a rehearsal for one of the tribute songs for tonight’s Lakers game at Staples Center, and...wow. Don’t want to spoil the specifics, but it’s clear the organization will be doing this powerful night right.
The photographer The 
Hello I’m a bad dog. I ate three sticks of butter off the 
Wakaba Higuchi's Gypsy Dance.  Costume by @StmitoD. Picture of @wakawakaskate taken by @asverit. #wakabahiguchi #gypsydance #donquixote #nailart #figureskating #樋口新葉 
create spaces for women also for smoking my weed pen indoors
Black history month getting rid of January to save 
Opposing racism, islamaphobia, ableism and classism makes you a member of “the radical left” lmao incredible  …
Sounds of the Week @Wrix2 @EdHarrisMusic @thecounteracts @MassimoSongs @jam_tako3 @SherylPrattERA @ManeatGrass @ghostlybeard @carlos_wilde @SPYDERDARLING @CruelHorizon @SixStringSurfer @PsYSurF1 @DeepSilverBlues @MattBoydston @TheIncurablesMI @JenniferMlott @wiergeezy @GeetarDan
I’ve worked under union rules...the incentive is mediocrity. We’d slowly decay. I’ve worked under “free market”...the incentive is money>people. We’d eventually kill each other. I like @AndrewYang’s vision instead. Some lead the way. Others follow. We succeed together.
Surgery is painful 
At Bricktown in Ok City to see my friend and yours, Vicki Barbolak!! Can’t wait Vicki, ready for some big laughs! 
Thank YOU and YOUR family for allowing us to be apart of it! Since hearing Eli’s story and being able to chat with him, it motivates me to keep going and make the most out of the day I have been blessed with. Still need Eli to teach me how to shoot some hoops! #EliStrong #H3H  …
all that + a bag of  …
Check out this video! My gorgeous friend describes how she went from a hardcore Hillary voter to a YUGE Trump supporter! Her testimony on what made her leave the Democrats is very powerful! Enjoy and share it around! Thank you! #KAG #MAGA 
i swear if big time rush are actually making  this account will fully be converted into a btr fan account sorry not sorry but they are my day 
Thank you!
Happy birthday to me 
to d falsidade
My family depending on me to get them outta they situations ! You think I’m not gonna take this shit serious ?
One more 200201-011_SEA082 
Followed the @fullychargedshow team to Texas like a total fan girl groupie ha !!! @bobbyllew ohhhh the hardship !! #texas #fullychargedlive #circuitoftheamericas #blueskies #myenergi #electriccars #zappi #rivian #taycan #fun #evcharging 
After a week of telling people to vote for Bernie, Biden has resorted to handing out literature in lieu of answering questions about Social Security. "Most electible" they  …
More crazy ideas came to my mind for making another video as the one I published yesterday, but don't worry I won't carry them out this time.
Joke was on them, because I grew up to go on stages and do it where they couldn't interrupt me and now they just mock it in  no one reads  …
@realDonaldTrump if the @SenateGOP is waiting till Wednesday for the acquittal, I say you change the #SOTU address until Thursday or Friday or the following week Why are they waiting till after the State of the Union address
Okay. Had my drink. Back in the fight.
Fiona the hippo at the Cincinnati Zoo vomited while making her Super Bowl prediction on Thursday. Who do you think she’s picking?  
Thank You! 
With the way the system is set up that would be a bad idea.
he invented baby 
My thoughts on  …
wonder what’s it’s like to wake up and know ur ass is fat
HOLY SHIT I GOT THEM OMG OMG LA MOOTS SEE YOU SOON!!! 
the way blue was made to be worn by 
This 2021 QB is a man he can do it All coaches hit me up  …
parents really be beefin with their children because THEY decided to have a child young and throw away THEIR dreams. that’s not my fault nor is it gonna keep me from chasing mine just because YOU decided to have me. that’s 100% on you.
I’ve never seen Jamal Adams spelt like this  …
Your opinions matter. Your frustration is warranted. Don’t let them take your hope too. Just keep swimming  …
The final day of #January2020 was mild across most parts of the UK with fairly cloudy skies. Outbreaks of rain, pushed across the country too, with the best of the sunshine in eastern Scotland Here are the extremes 
Tonight: Motion to proceed (subject to amendment). Monday: Closing arguments by House Managers and Defense. Tuesday: Open deliberations. Senators speak. Wednesday: A vote on the articles of 
Demons are invading the Foundry! New Nathling races are live now Create yours at  ... if you 
Legends of Tomorrow Is About to Dig Deep Into Constantine's Past  
Men are trash, some horny shit, retweeting some unfunny corny shit, SKSKDNWNSK, repeat
It's endorsing slut-shaming, antiquated gender roles, restrictive "modest" clothing, etc. Our fore-mothers fought so strongly to remove this systemic oppression - yet all of this is encapsulated in the form of this garment. And you, in your ignorance, would support it?
Which explains why there's a homeless epidemic in Democrat run states or cities....Democrats couldn't care less about black Americans.... More than 50% of homeless families are black, government report  …
. @sendwyre + @zapier + @DeFi_Zap = no-code DeFi products  … Congrats @MichaelDunwort1 and @NodarJ. This is huge!
i'd like to wake up looking at this  …
- Nazi with a bad haircut - idiot billionaire - person selling our their entire race and/or  …
Em: “Part Manson, part Hannibal, part mechanical shark Throwing animal parts at Scarlett Johansson” 18 year old 
New issue of Animal Behavior and Cognition now available! As always, all articles are Open Access, with no fees to publish. Hope you enjoy! Here is the issue link, and a quick summary of 
Republican cancel culture. On the other hand, it means that Romney doesn't have to pretend to care about this bizarre carnival, so kinda win-win for  …
i’m 
I hate when I go to the store to buy alcohol and the cashier asks, having a party? No Debbie, this is all for me. You know what's going on in the country, right?

Romney and Collins must lose their seats and be driven out of DC and kept from any more influence in US Govt business. #NoMoreRINOS
The moment she said - "I thought that were booing me" my heart broke into a million pieces
Agreed. I also don't get how some Labour members today can be celebrating a nativist project that has been linked directly to an increase in hate crime and anti-migrant rhetoric. Our EU membership shouldn't be mourned - but "Brexit" as it has manifested shouldn't be celebrated.
Blessed to have received an offer from Ottawa University Arizona!!Thank you @CoachROYOUAZ for the 
Change your mindset or change your situation. Otherwise 
“I guess there’s only one thing left to do; win the whole fucking thing.” -Major League
manila peeps I'll be selling art prints here! in case you want to buy one and support me, dm me for reservations~  
Now that I've told others I can tweet about it. But got accepted into Kansas' PhD 
Boris Johnson sacks former cabinet minister as head of climate summit  @MailOnline
Fuck all y'all. I got $13,609,000 USD now 
Uh-Oh: Sanders Campaign Texting 'Gulag For You' To People Who Aren't Voting For Bernie This could be worrying: the Bernie Sanders campaign has enlisted 1000s of volunteers to text people and ask if they're voting for  …
JUST SECURED A PAID INTERNSHIP WITH GENERAL MOTORS!! THANK YOU GOD.
WORD??? Don’t let me catch you in the pits  
Added these uchiha prints to the shop  ! I also have others there. If you want to support , head there and cop one or 5 or just retweet. Much love 
taylor is olivia and i’m yelling at her about what a perfect album reputation is 
Just watched a bit of that Programme with Mary Beard on BBC 2 with three guests all In favour of Immigration & thought to myself well what else should I have expected - This Is the leftist biased BBC. This Leftist anti brexit propaganda machine paid fo by us Mugs!
I was eating a late night snack at the kitchen counter last night and realized I was being 
Rihanna is a  …
My toaster, waffle maker, microwave, washer, dryer and espresso machine all support Warren, as do I.
oral sex is the ultimate form of trust: you place your body's most sensitive part in the only part of another's body that is made to crush, gnaw and tear.
Like this if you know anybody fae oot that wiy
After 3 years of second guessing myself and worrying about what others would think... I have officially took a risk and started my hair business. I praying for growth and prosperity
An updated 
i use to hate working friday nights but i’m at the point where i know i’m not missing anything special and that’s me growing up :)
To all of my current and former students: you know how much this means to me, and I thank you. Diversity 
They still caved to let them hold this until Weds. This isn't D vs R....it's the Swamp vs the People
TV coverage was abysmal, it's had it's day I'm afraid.
This is going to make 1968 look like a Grand Central Station flash mob.
News you can use: the plastic bag ban goes into effect next month, and my bodega cat is on 
Thank you so much @djmikan1 for the awesome stickers you gave me! It's a great addition to my arcade 
#BrooklynSouth sent off one of our best today.. Michael Trowers leaves us for the west coast to chase his dreams and we wish him the best! Thanks for bringing your electrifying energy to the business and leading your team at Kings Plaza to new heights @lpetrone9 
Those are mostly men, I assume
Embarrassing giving Lochlin grief when he was working on holiday. Keep up the amazing work, still the most reliable source anyone  …
It's always been in the best interest of the country to remove Rubio from office.
Oh bummer Mitt isn’t invited to the Slythern House cult gathering.
you'ill be always in the memory whatever they said , whatever they do to tell the people you're was an naughty bunch of kids , you will always always in the heart thank you for your sacrifice for the greatest club in the universe. #RIP_ALAHLY_MARTYRS
You're asking the wrong questions they lie, cheat & misrepresent with impunitybecause there are no consequences, no sanctions, no process that would see them stripped on Ministry or thrown out of Parliament- there's no binding code of conduct nor codified Ministerial standards
Twitter needs to give us the option of removing people from following us Like...I don’t want to block you but I also don’t want you to see my shit, you get?
Brilliant:), funny and sad at the same  …
I’m so tired from past couple of weeks! A whirlwind. Seriously reminded that the little joys of life, like walking my little pup Tobias, or making family dinner are the best! 
They look mad itchy too. Lol
OMG THATS WHY ITS NAMED PHANTOM
who else is ready for 
people loooooove saying “give it up shawns not gonna marry you” like they did something girl who said we wanna marry him he eats raw spinach as a snack and probably has 7 toes
1. @forsamafilm is a rare film showing the female experience of 
I’d signed and worked with Scorn for a few albums - one day I just thought - “ I love this ultra low end vibe - why don’t I just go to the source of that ?”- which was @realjahwobble - Geordie just happened to be in  …
I’m a Wisconsinite. Im going to work for and fight like hell for our Democracy This isn’t over
God is punishing us with the coronavirus Dave......if only we had access to European medicines......Despite Femi not knowing we export far more medicines than we import.
Could there be anything more sad and hopeful all in one?  …
MLK, Harriet Tubman, Fred Hampton, why are the main roles in films about Black American historical icons not going to AA actors? This is a pattern now. And if you think a film like Malcolm X is the same with a non AA actor playing Malcolm, youre out of your damn mind.
this shit pisses me off so fckin much god I hate exols. 
Yo waddup  to my soggy 
I'm bad at  …
Bitcoin
I like to pour milk first then cereal so I always have super crunchy cereal
This is a shameful decision by the Maricopa county attorney. Antonio Arce is a victim of a system that time and time again allows the police to by judge, jury and executioner. My thoughts are with his family during this difficult time.  …
Y'ALL @jeremyboss007 CAME UP WITH A WILD #RWBY7 THEORY That I resisted for like 5 minutes BUT NOW I LOVE HE SHALL TWEET IT SOON AND I SHALL RETWEET I'M 
ceo of dominating women respectfully
UK funky set currently not scaring the hoes
Wishing everyone happy Independence. Hopefully in the next few days remainers  to terms that we have left the EU and we can all work together to make Britain a huge success. Cheers
2/Shoutout to all my lawyer friends who find daily the strength to counsel and fight for their clients while carrying those burdens. You matter and you are not alone. Thank you #ReBootSummitt2020 for  I needed today and looking forward to tomorrow!
1/Today I am reminded of the emotional toll giving hard news is on the soul. As I was surrounded by lawyers today, I also felt how many times those burdens fall directly on them. And how hard it is to remain positive when you want to cry/yell/feel the same emotions as clients do
Had a great few days working at the #AusOpen and really enjoyed putting this piece together on Sofia Kenin and her father Alexander.  …
If anybody stays home in the midterm election again after seeing this nonsense. They should just leave the country if you're going to give it to such Reckless evil  …
I doubt he'd want that stink on him.
So does cnn, nyt, plus others in that line of work, any democrat, people with TDS, antifa. The list goes on and on but they aren't suspended.
Do not know how anyone else feels tonight but thinking of my family born in Czech , FM speech , Leaving EU i just feel so much more POSITIVE & have so much HOPE for #independence for my country #Scotland . I truly believe we will win #indyref2 if we all work together
the zoomer workforce is going to thrive instant gratification, employee leveling should change to more, smaller, levels, in order to  them 70 employee levels with only MONTHS of experience between them instead of years, along with marginal  increases (~1-2%)
I’d rather see Sabonis get the credit he deserves cause he actually wins games.
Do you know; Tattoos makes your blood toxic unless you start healing process right with ELOHYIM. Imagine all Th New Viruses being passed around from people who have sex with full body tattoo people? Let this marinate
There's now a $186 flight from Hong Kong to New York - with a 6-hour stopover in Wuhan  
I don’t wanna see a ghost That’s a sight that I fear most I’d rather have a piece of toast And watch the evening news Oh life
Where did our democracy gone ? 
A WIN IN FIGHT CLUB PRO JHEEEEEEEZE 
niggas get one telfar bag and start dressing like cruella de vil
This made me smile on a morning where smiles are in short supply. As a 28-Year-Old Latino, I’m Shocked My New Novel, Memoirs of a Middle-Aged White Lady, Has Been So Poorly Received - McSweeney’s Internet  …
I choose to work with @RossApo1_MILEWR because there was no one else in the STATE who could help me get better as a WR. I watched him play for BYU at the Aloha Stadium when I was 7 years old. Little did I know the impact he’d have on my life. All I can say is THANK  …
Finally it's over #History #BrexitReality 
This game is so so damn good. Glad @PlayfulLucky dropped a demo on the Eshop. Gameplay is brilliant, graphics and animations are beautiful, HD rumble very well used and THAT music sticks with you so easily. #NewSuperLuckysTale #NintendoSwitch 
You never know who you’ll see backstage! Yefim Bronfman played a magical K.491, and there was @YoYo_Ma when I went to say 
 …
That was one bad ass dude, always took his job very seriously. Nothing or nobody came in between puttin in that  …
We expect a final vote around 4PM  …
I'M  …
Harvey Weinstein Accuser Provides Graphic Description of What She Called His ''Deformed'' 
I remember a few years ago when I was pretty conservative and hush, hush about sexuality in general. Now, I’m the person that all of my friends confide in when  to their secret kinks. My, my... how I’ve grown lol
NOLES WIN Sasha clinches the W over UCF #OneTribe | 
I AM LOSING MY 
So that's it folks. We had assurances last night from  that this bill was done for the 2020 session. We had assurances from the speaker Filler-Corn that this would not be heard by  on Monday. Now it's docketed for Finance on Monday. We'll be there.
Going well so far.  …
Is this real? He looked at a child that had just been in a massive school shooting and told him that his life was not important, the NRA was important but not him. I will never forget that moment. It was a call to action. @marcorubio This wants to make me throw up.
Coach K has more NBA All Stars this season than Roy Williams has his entire career. That is WILD.
WATCH LIVE: Senators debate and vote on next steps in the Senate impeachment  …
That time CNN's Chief Whitehouse correspondent misled the audience at the First Amendment museum...about the current threat to the First Amendment...while promoting his book on protecting the First  …
Yawn. Revolution over. Cocoa and bed. 
 rep tried valiantly to get us out of the building so they could go resolve it, so we followed him to his  …
SHS does it BEST !!! 
If my kid is trans fuck it, the fuck can you do besides love your kids. That’s all you can do. If you real. Love is learning them. Love is helping them maneuver. Love is teaching. Love is protection. Regardless.
I worked at Reitman's a man came in to purchase a gift for his wife. He wanted a negligee. He said he didn't know her size but I was about the same as her. He asked me to model it for him.
Godspeed to our friends in Britain, and good luck in the months ahead. Don’t worry. This is a great day. You’ll be fine. #2020election  …
Pretty as a 
That looks like a proper party!!!!  …
imara saying the n word made my night i love you imara
In one hour 8/7c Kindred Spirits Resurrected begins on @travelchannel REVIST some of our best cases with  by @amybruni and me... learn our inside secrets and thoughts about our craziest cases and experiences. Then an all new episode at 9/8c!! #KindredSpirits
I really hope Susan Collins knows how to flip burgers Cause that’s where we are sending her That RINO needs to go NOW!!!! @SenatorCollins #GOPCowards #ImpeachmentTrialSham #ImpeachmentHearing
People rave about PG but I disagree with almost every single one of his Twitter hot takes. We need to stop treating technology as the solution to all of the world’s problems. Some rich dude is not going to fix climate change in his free time  …
You think this would be a surprise, but every dorm on campus has those people who dont realize you have to add water to easy  …
Another banger  …
Good 
New season 
The A 
Tea time dmcl special (part 1)!!!!! 
. @Louis_Tomlinson's debut album #Walls is out now! Listen here:  Don't miss him at @theryman on 6/23. Very few tickets remain! GET TICKETS:  
Some TALENT in DENTON this 
THE PLANET IS TALKING. IS ANYONE LISTENING? The Taal volcano in the Philippines could violently erupt ‘in  hours or days’ prompting evacuation orders for nearly 500k 
may your crumpled days fold into origami nights
They have let down not just Nirbhaya, they have let down all those who stand for justice all over the world! #nirbhayabetrayed #NirbhayaCase
my partner @DashKwiatkowski performed for  streaming special yesterday and i’m so dang proud of them so here’s their sona in the spotlight 
sick & tired of every little micro aggression, of every patronizing look from higher ups, and tired of the exhausting work expected of marginalized students, staff, and faculty members. so i wrote about  …
Triller be looking all cool and shit until she dropped the weed... 
niggas be like “ ooo you shaking “ yea nigga i’m anemic, its cold in here .
In preparation for #BlackLivesMatterAtSchool Week of Action, scholars in my Global Perspectives course gained an historical framework for today's racial divisions using "The Color Line" lesson  ) from @ZinnEdProject. @dcaesj 
Extraordinary from the men in  …
Hello Mary K! Thank you!Wishing you a Happy Friday and a great 
oh to be a duck villager sitting with an orange on the  …
he’s not wearing a 
This has been like the best time ever. So lucky to be here.
how can you not  …
| “25, 30 people in the room, all there just to put strings on the track for me, for my songs!” -Louis on the title track, Walls ©  … 31.01.20
The newest in new Dopey! Dopey 224: Fear, Anger & Love, Liquid PCP, 12 Step, AA, Alcohol, Rage, Garrett  … Dopey!
- Can you tell me how can i get to Taksim? - 
Vin Diesel says #BlackBolt role in the #MCU still a possibility, saying its up to the fans to decide:  
First they came for 
"You are not special. You're not a beautiful and unique snowflake. You're the same decaying organic matter as everything else. We're all part of the  heap. We're all singing, all dancing crap of the  …
I think he means “the impeachment will hold no value”
Dinner with friends! ... who stand awkwardly far behind me in 
#ImpeachmentTrialSham projections in 
You going to make it over to @southpointlv on Saturday? #SuperBowLIV betting advice and @BookMakerBlonde will be flowing 
"Trump's defenders are saying that our Constitution does not apply to the powerful  …
talk less. what? smile morreeeeeee. dont let them know what youre against and what youre fooooorr u cant be serious. u wanna get ahead? yes. fools who run their mouths off wind up deddddd yo yo yo yo what time is it sh0wt!m3 fave part JSHSKDHJS
I have listened to Caroline Polachek, The 1975, Magdalena Bay, Oneohtrix Point Never, Rina Sawayama, and Charli XcX today
Be guided by your principles and ideals that define you and your brand. Your code of ethics should be able guide you on this as well.. Keep up the good work bro
Achieve Seniors.. time is going by too fast.. make every moment count 
All these 
So guys, let's make sure those phones keep ringing. Don't let them think for a moment they're getting away with this. All the senators' numbers are in the thread below. Let them know exactly what you think of  …
Until today, our definitive* horror adaptation of HANSEL & GRETEL had been HANSEL & GRETEL: WITCH HUNTERS, starring Jeremy Renner / Gemma Arterton as our witch-fighting heroes. Forget breadcrumbs and give us crossbows! (*tbh some in the Fango office like this movie. don’t 
By Mary Freeman Qassim Al-Rimi, terrorist leader of Quaeda's Yemen branch, is presumed dead today, after airstrikes launched by US forces in Yemen. BREAKING US Airstrike in Yemen Targeting Terrorist  …
Now that XO by Beyoncé is finally back to the locals’ attention, what song should I try to get some attention again
See Tom Brady, Terry Bradshaw Brush Off Criticism in ‘Mean Tweets – NFL 
Those #Q signs 17 second countdown #QAnon  …
already planning for my first meal at 21 to be creamed spinach over poached eggs and a dry martini with an olive
“You like Spider-Man?” “Yeah. I think Spectacular Spider-Man is peak teenage Spidey and Spider-Man PS4 is peak adult  …
Funny isn’t it – actors seem to know so much better, it’s extraordinary we never elected any to Parliament apart from Glenda Jackson, sacked by Tony Blair as the worst junior transport minister ever within about six weeks. :-D
ARE YOU READY FOR TONIGHT'S BEYOND THE HEADLINES?! STARTS TONIGHT AT 8pm EST!!!! THE LINK IS BELOW!!! Beyond The Headlines: TRUreporting / Linda Paris / RedPill78 Discuss The...  via @YouTube
They really are traitors.
LOOK AT HIS MACARON SMILE IM SO SAD !:?,$&,&/):$,!:$: 
Me: I have an early day tomorrow. Gotta get up by 5. Brain: Great! You don't even have to worry about waking up at 5 cause we ain't sleeping.
Congrats to SO Jeremy Mooney for taking down a school record for the second week in a row!!! He now owns both short sprint school records and the future looks bright for young man!!! #BeBetter #SpeedKills 
Svt cover suju black suit maybe. Think abt it
Finished and pulled at 3:45am. Took it work for the guys. Ohh it was amazing. #smokedmeat #pulledpork #bbq #family #pitbossgrills #pitbosscharcoalpellets 
Happy Friday 
New "sign girl" at @IndoorAutoRacin this year in Atlantic City. How do I 
Oh NO! Mitt's not invited to Crime spree Clown Prom? What EVER shall he do?  …
A brilliant turnout at our Newcastle vigil. A good thing never truly dies 
Fact check: White House could have called witnesses in House Judiciary, but declined. And could have called whomever they wanted in trial. Dems didnt have votes to stop them.
Jit a 4 and number 5 Wr in the country on rivals 
Even the most ardent Tory should acknowledge that Gordon Brown's stubborn resistance to the UK adopting the Euro - a pet project of Tony Blair - was an historic resistance without which #Brexit would likely have been made more difficult or even impossible. Well done, Mr Brown.
The CPL map looks a little different after this week 
By The Way Senator Roomney & Senator Susan Collins voted with the demorats to impeach Presiddnt Trump !
They already won the war. They stacked the federal courts with ultra conservatives for lifetime appointments. The main reason they didn’t allow impeachment was to avoid any threats to having the judges recalled
The BBC will be responsible for their own demise! Do they actually know the definition of impartiality ?
This is the cinematographer aka Director of Photography Larry  …
Some of you are weird and it really shows.
Anyone know anything about this place? On Sheridan and Millersport near Duff’s, so curious about these $1 
Thank god January 2020 is over. Absolutely horrendous month. I am calling February ‘Fresh Start February’. Things can only get better
Billboard revealed that the pop genre doubled from 24% in 2018 to 48% in 2019 in the Top 10 of the Hot 100, with Ariana being the main artist in which this will be 
GIVEAWAY Every $10 donation before 12am on Tues gains you 1 entry. 1 Person Will Win it All: -K9s Of Valor tee -Ace K9 tee & hat -K9s Revan & Gauge chips -K9 Challenge Coin w/ case -Kong & USA Dog Toys -Paracord Bracelet & Keychain -K9s of Valor hat  
Friday livestream time!  
this is next week at my  support the 
You know what you've done #GOPCowards You've motivated the FUCK out of the #Resistance They will vote EVERY LAST ONE of you #Traitors OUT!! #TrumpIsCorrupt #GOPComplicitTraitors
Mitt Romney political career in the Republican Party is over
invented 
ASU Women's Basketball: It took three overtimes, but Friday afternoon was a historic one for @SunDevilWBB. @GriffinPeters_ has the recap of Charli Turner Thorne's 500th win:  
They only care when you dead or they need something
2.) And through current immigration efforts, Trump is trying to keep migrants/asylum-seekers from these countries from seeking asylum: Mexico Guatemala Honduras El Salvador I’m convinced Make America Great Again means keep out colored Immigrants/Migrants/Refugees.
Tonight’s t-shirt giveaway @TheGarden designed by  ! 
Keith Ellison called. He wants his job back.
Good morning friends 
That makes me angry!!!  …
*examining my twitter drafts folder in bed* Me: Baby I'm not pun able! Her: I never 𝑀𝐸𝐴𝑁𝑇 you were unable... Me: Her: Me: What? Her: Wh......ʷʰᵃᵗˀ
Don't forget! Matchup pucks are available every Friday, Saturday and Sunday game at the Carolina Hurricanes Foundation kiosk for just 
LET‘S DO THIS! Here is the list. Also, feel free to use any bible version. Oh, did we mentioned that you can write it in your own dialect?  list here:  … 
fuck brexit i'm gonna jump into my work and listen to Metric for four straight hours
Did you invite Milo (again) in his 
i miss this dorks so 
Several senior citizens in Golaghat district, Assam are actively carrying out farming at a time when youths are shying away from hard work in the field. As many as 12 farmers at Chongkola village in the age group of 60 to 85 years even till the field themselves. 
I really came up from the bottom!  …
@daflyestkid316 ran his block total on the year up to Thursday, breaking our D1 single-season record in his first 18 games played. #12Seven4 | 
When my eldest lad was 5 he decided he was leaving home...so I packed a bag for him...PJs,his teddy and a packet of biscuits and let him off. He left..and sat 4 doors down on the footpath wondering what to do next while munching through the biscuits. THAT folks is #BrexitDay
[RTRS] 31 Jan - CHINA'S TIANJIN CITY SAYS ALL SCHOOLS, NON-ESSENTIAL COMPANIES WILL REMAIN CLOSED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE TO CURB CORONAVIRUS - STATE MEDIA that means closed until March
Sub to my  …
If I can find the cure, I’ll fix you with my 
No stream this evening y’all, will be shuffling Live CG to another night! Promised my little one a slumber party with her friends for scoring first place in her  so I’m taking them to the movies and then out for pizza! Love y’all! #happyfridayeveryone
It’s gonna be forever, right? 
We have a viable candidate to replace @joniernst Would all you lovely folks in Iowa please share Kimberly Grahams website  and #VOTEforKimberlyGraham #VoteBlue  …
#100DaysOfCode Day 1 - 3. I took my time around developing this basic pig game with Vanilla Javascript. Picked up a lot of new stuffs in the process. It feels amazing to join in the challenge too. #Javascript #Vanilla 
We are very excited to announce our partnership with @Themes! With their help, we have no doubt our true colors will be shown! #BeyondTheSpectrum 
I look a mess 95% of the time but when I get cute, I get fucking CUTE
sexy ass fruit roll up lookin motherfuckers 
Oregon's split zone RPO with a backside seam - Start in pistol so defense can't set RPO defense backside - WILL is in conflict because he has to play inside wall and react to sift block vs run - Sift block adds protection for 
I used to live above a guy who would practice the opening notes of Deep Purple’s “Smoke on the Water” on his guitar for hours at a time, and that’s why I can’t listen to the classic rock station now. I can’t take that chance.
Covington Kids Smeared Dems: Riot Reps: Angry at Home Mueller Finds Nothing Dems: Riot Reps: Peacefully Celebrate while still annoyed at home Ukraine Scandal Dems: Riot Reps: Angry at Home Trump is Impeached Dems: Riot Reps: Angry at Home
Them cousin brothers 
Leavers think they have won They are that stupid they don't realise Remainers were trying to help them from themselves And still not one leaver has given one good reason how Brexit will improve their life It really is stupidity of the highest order
Inviting new witnesses will not change the  of this trial whatsoever. It’s not the Senate’s job to clean up the illegitimate case presented by House Democrats.
Name a NFL legend you wish played for the Hurricanes. I'll start, Lawrence Taylor.
Bitch ur funny if you think ima “subscribe” to your snap or twitter
When they finally 
just my personal opinion! but i think that ticketmaster should be put down
Percentage of donations to @realDonaldTrump that are low-dollar contributions is staggering, unheard-of for Republican POTUS candidate. In Q4, he got 1,493,455 individual donations. And 98.78% were low-dollar, meaning $200 or less. The average donation was $40.87. Unheard-of.
Check out  under BuzzFeed's post about Justin 
Kirby Ground  …
Two new dice bags listed on my Etsy - one of each 
ShapeShift was always knows as convenient, but with often poor rates. Our entire trade execution and pricing engine has been rebuilt, and today, our rates beat most other exchanges most of the time.  Trade now:  #bitcoin #ethereum
unholy 
BBC was disgraceful
The cops need to bing back the ol’ “Wood Shampoo”  
feel like it’s the right time to say i’ve decided to open up my dms again. being able to help create a safe space for my trans and queer family is something i take very seriously. no matter who you are, you’re beautiful and i’m here for you in any way that i can be.
GOP are despicable power-driven sad loathsome contemptible sorry Trump-ass-kissin pussies IDK where the Hail Mary  from but this won't be the day Democracy dies We won't let the GOP kill it or get away with their #Coverup We'll remove Trump I just have to #Believe it
Holy crepes this image will haunt me in the middle of the night @KaggyFilms WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!?  …
Wait ⁦ @kelis⁩ is projecting her choice of scattered black celebrities on Black America & Black men generally? #ados #decadentveil “Kelis calls out Pharrell and Nas in interview: ‘I don’t feel like protecting the sanctity of the black man  …
When I say I feel like a MELANIN GODDESS, this is what I mean self portrait @SymoneSeven inspired by #honeiee #harmoniaroscales #darkskin 
soaking up the 
Thinking about Texas Plesant Grove until the day i die
socialists deciding to aggressively defend the status quo and basically start enacting their own version of the Hays Code of what's 'too  for the working class' will never cease to amuse me because the entirety of the 20th century speaks against that
A immigrant telling British people what to do , shame on the Radical left BBC
A desirable man puts a woman at war with herself An undesirable man puts her at war with him Only certain men will understand why this makes sense
Trump bought Senate Republicans or has Russian dirt on them. I hope they all lose in 2020 & 2022!! #RIPGOP @SenateGOP @senatemajldr #ImpeachmentTrialSham #BlueTsunami2020 #GOPCowards 
I'm certain that I speak for many of us when I say that we are thrilled you are no longer a Republican.
Does he get paid to just read  to you? Where do I  …
NUMBER 2 : AMY IS LATE TO 
We are watching democracy...die.
Everyone is capable of being ugly. This puts me at odds with everyone but especially those who strongly value the pretence of kindness.
Maybe @realDonaldTrump should move the #SOTU 2020 State of the Union Address till after the acquittal.
Congrats to ESU Detective Colecchia and his K9 partner, Timoshenko, on being recognized today in the @NYPD76Pct for helping take three guns off the street. Their work continues the tremendous legacy of Detective Russel Timoshenko who made the ultimate sacrifice on July 14, 
Fake News: 1. Clinton Staff hosts private “off-the-record cocktail party” with 38 “influential” reporters, journalists, editors, and anchors (from 16 different mainstream media outlets including CNN, NBC, CBS, NYT, MSNBC, & more) with the stated goal of “framing the race.”
Lāhui! I need your help! Does anyone have pictures or videos of the water trucks supplying law enforcement with drinking water going up the Mauna back in July? If you do please send them to me!
I am disappointed, but to be honest, not surprised with today's vote on witnesses. There's a time when  before all else, and that time is now. The Republic is imperiled, and I am no longer going to sit and watch it happen. #AmericaDeservesBetter.
was 
All I’ve ever wanted this political election cycle is  from the policy team of Andrew Yang so that people can understand the details of his Medicare for All insurance plan. I’ve wanted to get involved with the team to help them improve 
Americans are tired of hearing from Shifty Schiff & Nervous Nadler. Dems would drag this out until the 2020 election if they could. Thankfully @senatemajldr stood firm and didn’t cave to the Dems, who couldn’t make their case in the House. @realDonaldTrump will be exonerated.
I must admit that the love on here tonight is beautiful, especially  to the spite, hate & nastiness out there. Huge hugs to you all. May we rise up again & stamp out this vile odiousness Soon. Before it gets beyond the point of doing so.
PMO says disclosing info about  against Ministers would disproportionately divert resources (means they were thrown in Dustbin& it would be difficult to find them). Says info about black money recovered would impede Investigation! (Means  …
had the honour to snap some photos of @Sum41 tonight and so happy with the result (just a lil preview 
I don't think it's a coincidence that the coronavirus hits the UK the same day we leave the EU. It's our karma for being absolute bellends.
next week's podcast: i'm fact checking movies based on true stories. doing research now on movies like The Revenant, The Blind Side, Walk The Line and more. What's your favorite movie based on a true story?
Ask any young person- "what's the motto of America?" They'll just stare at you. Then tell them, it's e pluribus unum. They'll say, "what's that?" Out of Many, ONE (hint: assimilate when  to USA. assimilate because we have ONE American culture, ONE 
A man of my word.  
#PantherNation your team needs the McLeod Center to be SOLD OUT when we prove it's a #PantherState next Saturday against rival Drake. Limited amounts of tickets remain, and you can't miss this game! Get yours today! :  
cyril leonie getting adopted by shamir
"But the economy!" Is the new 30 pieces of silver.
Hse Dem mgrs: Senators chose instead to set a dangerous precedent that will have long-lasting repercussions for the United States Congress, the balance of powers, and our democracy as a whole.
Trigger hopes all the people are going to be ok. He’s worried about us and thinks a long walk will help. 
it's funny how they give him credit for slowing down the economy which was zooming under Obama.
And then @AdamSchefter went ahead and picked the #49ers to win by a TD #49wz  …
4.20 million people saw this tweet I wrote last night 
harry might find his soulmate or have kids this 
Tomorrow’s front page: Now build the Britain we were promised… 
This is a cat stan account. Post cats and I will stan them.
And our boys are up now!! Awesome tribute to @kobebryant!! #BlackMamba @keyoncoley2 @JamichaelStill1 @JamariousPledg2 @Montay1k #AstroPride!!! 
I’d spit on your face if you asked me to but why would ya.
 . Coming in with NFS Heat than 7DTD! #firestorm #SupportSmallStreamers #twitch #TeamGodvek @BlazedRTs @SmallStreamersC @SupStreamers @TwitchReTweets @TwitchRetweetsU @HypeUnit @SempiternalGG @Retweet_Twitch @TeamAgainst
I guess he won’t engage with doctors then either? 3 doctors at St Luke’s in Milwaukee told us that my husband’s near death was from the tdap shots. No medical history. It isn’t anti-Vaxxer. It is for medical consent. Knowing the real risks that we all know exist.
block list looking cute  …
working on some hairpins! still a bit prototypey but i mayyyyy be selling some of these this 
It can, it must and it will. We are reasserting dominance in our own  …
You chose #CorruptionOverCountry. We'll see you in November when you lose your majority in the Senate and hopefully the Whitehouse. We're extra motivated. 
Lol holy shit. The  show tickets are over halfway gone already in a few hours. This shit gon be legendary. Don’t miss out! Get yours! 
A few basic principles every seeker of Sacred Knowledge should know and follow: 1. "Attribution is part of the religion. If not for attribution, anyone could say whatever they want." 2. "When transmitting, do it with rigorous authenticity; when claiming, do it with evidence."/1
Today was *another* day that will live in infamy, as will the Republican Party, from this day forwards. A dark day for America. #RepublicanTraitors #ImpeachmentTrialSham #GOPCowards #GOPCoverup #GOPTraitors #GOPComplicitTraitors #GOPCorruption #RIPGOP 
and more importantly I want to thank the fans for there unbelievable support, love you all, and all the best for the season #bluebirds
The Best Thing To Happen To @Utah_Football Players Development Program was @GiannaColosimo! They are so lucky to have you! This is  …
My real governor and my future  …
yams honey ily and i don’t regret doing 
How do you pronounce 
The Senate will hold closing arguments Monday and a final vote Wednesday on whether or not to acquit President Trump in the impeachment trial, GOP senators said  
44 never loved 
A bulldog that fell through thin ice on Lake Michigan was saved by the South Milwaukee Fire  …
In post-crisis finance, glamour is out and stability is 
Found him at last! 
All females be tweeting the same shit on repeat lmao
Still thinking about the placement of the apostrophe in "Y'all" 7 hours  …
God, really, is this the 
"The Gambler" Kenny Rogers..... (DITTO)  @prof_horatio Thank you
Loved Trump's Legal Team Would NOT want to Recieve their Bill Tomorrow
An amazing detailed report by Top Channel #Albania about #MEK with English subtitles . @AlArabiya . @AlsaadRafah . @CandiceMalcolm . @TheTorontoSun . @TorontoStar . @liamdevlincasey . @CdnPressNews . @globalnews . @CP24 . @CityNews . @VancouverSun . @TheCurrentCBC . @CBCNews .  …
HUGE news out of the @CurleyHoops game this evening! Caleb Johnson eclipses 1,000 points to  the 3rd player in Program history to hit the milestone. He currently sits at 1,003 points scored for his career, good enough for a tie for 2nd place w @CurleyHS great Bill Walter – at Archbishop Curley High School Gym
get in loser, we’re doing shadow work and healing our inner wounds.
Terrible coverage. For such a momentous national occasion our national broadcaster #BBC didn't even bother to broadcast our PM's message. I had to watch live Parliament Sq. BREXIT Party on YouTube with live streaming from EUROnews. No national broadcaster deemed it newsworthy.
DUP MLA Jim Wells counts down from ten to 11pm at Stormont to mark the UK leaving now the 
See here my ancestors go running their mouths again.. It was Hattie huh?! She always telling my  …
One of the best miners you'll ever see. Predict, kite, tank,.. all in 
The  …
Getting a bunch of shows going this year for cities that I couldn’t hit on the main tour. Want to hit everywhere.
Romney I will give a pass. McConnel wrangled enough votes to give cover to Collins since she's up for re-election. Vote her out!
Me_irl  
ronnie banks went to a paisa club and he don’t even listen to this . yaaaas  …
Another examples of  …
I love these makeup tips posts where the tip is just “be better at 
quality 
 … Imbolc is one of the four Greater Sabbats of the witch’s calendar, a cross-quarter fire festival that falls between “Yule” – the Winter Solstice, and “Ostara” – the Spring Equinox. This year in 2010, Imbolc is celebrated on the 2nd February in 
That looks  and in a house that smells like moth balls  …
Only traitors would deny witnesses in a trial about our national security being attacked. #GOPTraitors #ImpeachmentTrialSham #SenateGOPCoverup
Fun forgotten fact: US Constitution gives ultimate power NOT to president, NOT to Congress, NOT to courts. It is WE THE PEOPLE. Government derives its power from "consent of the governed" who may "alter or abolish or institute new government" when those in power  despotic.
Have a great weekend everyone! Don’t forget to subscribe to our mixer because Monday we will have special guest @bcarlton727 joining @dgutierrez84 and @SanityCrypto for a fun chat.  …
DID THIS ACTUALLY WORK 
Check out my classroom on @DonorsChoose! I'd love your help to bring my project to 
Finna have the modelovirus Monday if the Niners win
Shitao Miu Showroom Screenshots! 30th consecutive daily Showroom! Congratulations #AKB48 #Team8 #チーム８ #下尾みう #ShitaoMiu 
I pray I never inflict pain on others that they cry to God at night for that pain to go away. I pray I am never a source of pain to anyone.
I just gave your campaign another $200 ESPECIALLY AFTER TODAYS #ImpeachmentTrialSham I don’t want you to just beat trump. I want him & the GOP crushed in NOV
Friday Night Fights Tonight's #ShoBox tripleheader starts at 10PM ET/PT on 
I'm sorry to burst everyone's bubble, but Max Domi will not be a Leaf. His gritty brand of hockey is exactly what the Leafs need right now, and the fans would absolutely love to see it. So like I said, no chance!
SMR | "WE WILL RETURN!" | A MESSAGE TO EUROPEAN FRIENDS! "Midway on the journey of our life, I find myself amid a forest dark; for the straightforward pathway had been lost." (Dante's 'Inferno') And yet... We will return! #KeepALightOn 
Indigenous Peoples and  manage 300,000 million metric tons of carbon in their forests and soil — 33 times the global energy emissions from 2017. Indigenous people manage almost 40% of the world’s remaining intact forest  …
Don’t let the door hit  …
Union #Budget for the next financial year to be presented 
Who was gatekeeping the lesbian penguins I just wanna  …
Wait for me at the end of the year
So who was it? Was it @MariaTCardona? @BarneyFrank? @AlexPadilla4CA? @johnpodesta? WHO was a part of the conversation to subvert the american will & rig the primary election against @BernieSanders? @DNC @TomPerez --- WHO? Find out who & remove them from  
Amazing image from 1920, British troops confront protestors outside Mountjoy Gaol during the hungers trike of republic prisoners. For the Atlantic  
me when i have no other choice but to use a squat toilet back in the 
Treating men like a piece of meat >>>
#DeadlineDay: I'm delighted to announce that, I've extended my contract with @AsanteKotoko_SC by signing a life time deal with The African Club of the Century! Extremely happy and excited. Looking forward to see more laurelsfrom the Porcupines! #AKSC 
Uche! I don’t hit women. Just leave me in peace . Wolves 2-0 Man U  …
Sorry UK friends, but #BrexitReality is a terrible economic future. So sorry your choices were a pathological liar and socialist harboring anti-Semitism. Those are no choices at all, but Brexit is bound to be a mess.
everyone reply with “namjoon best dancer” because namjoon best dancer
Twitter gets a bad rap but there’s a lot of good people on here. Keep that shit up.
The rich blonde girl that everyone hated at my pretentious art school has a new hobby which is painting portraits of herself and honestly I love it.
Ay Tone, remember Pearl 
Most people just need someone to believe in them. Thanks to everyone who believed(s) in me; im grateful.
it was you. you needed to hear 
Imagine my surprise when a @DCD_Nexus sent a box with these amazing  my way! These books are among the reasons why I LOVE 
I've only read facts in this post. I love J.Lo, but Shakira is a worldwide  …
Is “good pussy” more of a mental thing or a physical thing or just both? I feel like is 80% mental 20% physical but I’m not a guy so y’all let ME know
I was a kid when this came and even back then I knew that this man was  …
I really can’t wait till I get my own place
MY BEST EVER CLIP ON MODERN WARFARE! OMFG 
Joe is terrified of being cancelled. He doesn’t support Bernie. That’s a lie to try appeasing the  …
Me hyped af going to see hereditary and later when I know Toni collette is gonna be in the corner of my  …
either way justin has a mesmerising voice.  …
Andrew Yang drop out and endorse a Bernie challenge
He should guest star on The Simpsons since he can see the future.
muted words: brexit rule britannia we're out goodbye EU hashtags i'm liking: #annibyniaeth #IndyWales THE TIME HAS COME @YesCymru @indywalesfans
January still isn’t over yet.
Bernie 
If you’re fucking racist or can’t stand a certain group of people DONT FUCKING WORK A COSTUMER SERVICE JOB gmfu
Romney is a Deomncrap! Hey @UtahGOP get this excrement out of the Senate! @mainegop you  …
Normal democracy rewriting the rules as we go 
Very poor show, it’s such a momentous event they were both absolute rubbish, I watched my I phone at least I saw Nigel making his speech in Parliament sq B B C certainly needs  shake up it’s a total disgrace
I am still available to slop meat into your dog's vet cone in the night
A former executive of Sony Pictures Animation, Jenny Marchick, has now been named the head of the feature film development at DreamWorks. Knowing the many projects she helped bring at Sony including Spider-Verse, I hope it means good things for  …
bro @zeddbtw’s mom really sang happy birthday to me through discord
It’s time #MutantFam! The #MutantCafe “ #HorrorBowl2020 Touchdown appetizers broadcast is LIVE now - Lets get cooking! @MutantTheater2 @thestitchkeeper @REALSONICDANGER @joebobfanzine @FinalDear @TDenton_1138 @KillerfromSpace  …
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this
Correction: Mitchell isn't the first woman to serve as #NotreDame's DFO. Erica Genise (2002-04) held the position under Tyrone Willingham. But Mitchell is just one of eight women actively working as DFOs among Power Five programs.
2nd 
Our Gold Standard goes well beyond the golf course and far past tournament 
I want our boys and ARMYs to be safe
Here’s 
Fuck the English Like seriously fuck you You know who you are so happy so ignorant that you can destroy everything I have ever wanted Everything I have ever asked for was freedom to be myself You took that away from me I hope your lives and loved ones turn to dust fuck you
The Twitter sports bar at Radio Row is a wrap and happy to announce that the most insane January is finally over!  – at Miami Beach Convention Center
Police hand out speeding tickets in New York's Holland Tunnel, 
I really 
It's nearly midnight and my passport isn't blue yet... Fuming.
And you changed the rules for BLOOMBERG! GTFOH
Dude already showered tho. Irish Spring don’t grow on trees
Kobe Bean Bryant is no longer on this earth... Weirdest shit ever
Leave your like at the 2nd 
But here’s one thing of which you can be sure. As good as you are at all that shade-throwing and deniable vilification, it won’t work forever. You asked to ‘Take Back Control’ - and now you’ve got it. So you’d better learn to own it. 5/
what's in a dark chocolate bunxian cookie? (for @bunjilovesyou so that you may have an endless supply of bunxian cookies, though the special ingredients should make them last a lifetime ) #mdzs #modaozushi 
"That many meds" apoiem o sus...
WITNESSES BLOCKED IN IMPEACHMENT TRIAL: Nancy Pelosi promised to resign if Witnesses were Blocked. @SpeakerPelosi, how good are your promises? What day next week can we expect your resignation to be 
If Sydney is now the PMs residence why was The Lodge even built? This is just Sydney PMs wanting to make Sydney the political capital. They've still not gotten over Melbourne being the original sitting in 1901. #auspol #MSM
Watch the moment the British people celebrated Brexit - from Cardiff to Parliament Square  
I’ve received a hilarious amount of harassment from the president’s supporters since last night, when the Trump campaign falsely claimed what I reported here wasn’t true. I hope this isn’t a preview of what covering the general election will be like, but I have a feeling it  …
Bread and circuses indeed.
4 years ago today 
i just think that it's absolutely sickening how simple interactions like this get me... when i say i hate it here i mean it 
i miss me. Ain’t been me lately.
Its like the wailing and gnashing of teeth by the CPC when a child killer was sent to a healing lodge, blaming Trudeau. Only for Canadians to find out CPC Harper regime had sent 14.
He doesn't know , he hasn't a clue but, it's something he heard at a football match .
Follow everyone who LIKES
Just want everyone on the TL to be happy.
“He is not being sentenced for his views,” Judge Hazel said. “He is being sentenced for the actions I feel he was planning to  …
Lets get this man a sweet Yang of followers #ThankYouYang #YANGMONEYBOMB  …
agent Bart  …
if it’s not one thing it’s another
Neither has the Bernie campaign. You all continue to be dismissive of the need for a #blackagenda. Will  to the following: * 15% of SBA loans for #ADOS * Add #ADOS designation on Census * Audit banks for racial discrimination in lending
Hunter Biden had nothing to do with #IMPOTUS45 crimes.
forty 
You’re never able to recreate the same style twice and your best hair days are always a mistake that turned out good  …
This is so important. I know these last few days have been horrifying on the Hill, but I haven’t been wallowing in the details. Why? Because I have shit to do. People to train. Elections to win. Come join us.  …
So its ok that @POTUS had ZERO fairness.. Then @SenatorRomney wanted to extend Presidential abuse .. Sorry Mit is a loser non team player who is ok With Lib totalitarian rules......
I think so too. My GF is a lifetime Republican, and she said she'll never vote for them again.
Sex is disgusting
Patience my guy patience* like I’m patiently waiting for u too send me a banger  …
Opening 
i aint even go to a mall til i was like 20. seeing em in 80s & 90s movies was just a fantasy. the closest we got was fordham road.
I will now look to you, rather than the Simpsons, to predict all future happenings.
Here is a preview of tonight's Brian Dutcher show on Fox Sports San Diego. The first airing is at 10:30 p.m. 
Yes, sis, I got proof 
time for #FursuitFriday Photo (but not lasanga) by 
You made it brother. Rio replied
LeBron is at Staples Center for what might be an emotional night 
Britain in the EU 
ICYMI: Former #Clemson QB gets  invite:  
I think this is now an obsession #moon #amateurphotography 
Where's this t***! Brexit dividends. Tangible benefits of Brexit. David Cameron has made £1.6million since fucking up the country and buggering off. #NotMyBrexit #BrexitDay  …
They never respond to what the majority of Americans want. That’s why they have to cheat to win.
Hey Tom, we're watching! We expect cheating, we expect you'll try to overrule your own voters. If you remove democracy from the Dem party, if you tip the scales in any way, the party will be destroyed and the history books will remember who caused it to happen.
Surely this says more about the ‘journalists’ that were there? How does a baby stop someone asking a hard question? Do babies have that much power? What utter  …
how DARE you ask me to confront my dissociation  while i’m in court breathing the same air as a white nationalist 
If you a receiver you gotta want to be in that offense can get the ball almost every play no  …
Officially Committed #JUCOPRODUCT @JamieRevis1 
Threw some ink on a sketch I had lying around 
NHS girls basketball coach Michael  out to pregame warmups in a Kobe Jersey and scoreboard also pays tribute to the Lakers legend. 
Great #GirlsonCourse event today with @UlsterFlexEd @UlsterUniSport. Delighted to see @ShannonBurke95 recognised as the first @UlsterUni Women in Golf Ambassador as part of our pledge @RandA Women in Golf Charter. #rolemodel #proudofUU @KariseKc  
Hey guys I’m 883 away from 1k followers, make it happen
Um get my nails did so I can spread my ass apart while you eat it from the  …
Do you think S4 will let me bring a bag of rotten tomatoes into the club?
I just registered for Riptide  #riptide via @smashgg
dick turpin walked so matty healy could  …
Going home to my husband and recreating the intro to “the  …
SIGAM @_Fiel_Seguidor @adrianarenault2 @enzoenoque @elvira60897261 @neide37161457 @Max0202Ma @VemPraCaBrasil @Luquirino2 @Rubertim1 @RealMaxwell8 @2_gurgel @Geni66352834 @ELVIRAMELISSA1 @Max0202Ma @ZilPereira @gurgel_3 @REGINAELVIRA4 #VemPraCaBrasil  …
Thank you. #Dietitian #Science #CommonSense Insisted on reading my book @audible_com  …
Where this flower  – at The Hangar
But I do believe McGrath has a real shot at this! #MoscowMitchTraitor is very unpopular in Kentucky! Even they dont like him!
And make your bed  …
I thinks there’s more students in our fan section than there are enrolled at BC
“All I wanna do is ............” Mayday!!! Fiesta Fever #MusicVideo [coming soon]  
I almost made it to bedtime without something that would cause  …
RETWEET, REPLY, QUOTE! I vote #KillThisLove by @ygofficialblink for #BestMusicVideo at the 
Sasha in gear 
*shouts from mountain top* quality skaters shouldn't have to do quads just to stand a chance against skaters who have quads without quality!!!!!!
"GFriend has no set sound, GFriend IS the sound" is the best accurate thing about GFRIEND ever
That 58-38 GOP-Dem Senate looks pretty good to me. 
went to far
2.5 hour Star Guardian Ahri. I know she doesn’t have whiskers in the skin but I like her whiskers #artoflegends #leagueoflegends #starguardianahri 
has anyone actually ever received money from the cashapp giveaways? or is it a lie
Beware of misinformation about #2019nCoV #coronavirus on social media! The best defence against #misinformation is #factchecking and knowing your credible sources. #OutsmartEpidemics starting here:  Call 1-833-784-4397 @GovCanHealth 
#Brexit impact  
a year ago today i made my fatass get a gym membership.. probably one of my best decisions 
I see most of us lost 100 followers even though we have lot more followers in reality... some one deliberately cut followers by 100 means tomorrow they"ll going to set us at 0 again to balance out again, there got to be some way to monitor Twitter's workers 
her shining eyes makes me fall in love all the 
Lambs carried by donkeys in special side-saddle as flocks of sheep move from pre-Alpine hills to summer pastures on Lombard plains. by Elspeth 
The tolerant left shows they are truely the party of hate and bigotry #intolerantLiberals
Increased NYPD presence disproportionately harms POC, the working class, the poor, the homeless, etc. We need #freetransit, not more cops in the #NYC subway system. #FTP3 #grandcentral #grandcentralterminal
Twitch package for @ConnorEllison Support is greatly appreciated! Get yours here -  
Just want to thank everybody @CardiffCityFC for everything over the past 5 years,I have enjoyed every minute
Hse Dem mgrs: (We) proved their case with a mountain of evidence, as some GOP Senators have acknowledged..But, at the President’s urging, the Senate chose not to hear from people like John Bolton, knowing they would only add to the overwhelming evidence of the President’s guilt.
Thanks for all the birthday 
In non-shocking  …
Hey @TurnbullMalcolm Here's a new device for the lefties crying 
Me walking back to class after going to the ‘Bathroom’ for 
Freaking impeachment vote for Wednesday. Protest now. Call Mitch.
My dad needs an O+ heart. For those who don’t know, my dad is going through heart issues right now and a heart transplant guarantees he will live his full life, without it we only have him for another 5-10. He’s only 45. I need him in my life to see his future grandkids.
Trump get to twist in the wind over the weekend. The writers of House of Cards would have been proud.
I’m not meant for relationships
Lawrence RB Devin Neal will be in Manhattan  …
If you are single or owing money, you shouldn’t even be thinking of Valentine Like that’s very disrespectful
Fuck every last one of them. 
Headed back out to Lake Apopka Wildlife Drive today. Here are our highlights from last year!  … via @howwefindhappy #PureFlorida #ExploreFlorida #Wildlife #LakeApopka #CentralFlorida
me when I am faced with any type of responsibility 
. @TulsiGabbard, you're awesome! Your time  We need you and your supporters, now more than ever, to help  …
An emotional night for @DuaneHolmes - fantastic performance from him the first whistle to the last. Picked up the man of the match award, with poignantly Jordan Sinnott's picture looking over him on the big screen - "That was for Sinbad" 
velvet shank 
HQDOVESOURCES NOTICE numba 
Way too long of a time to 
Sasha playing 
Although @lisamurkowski was and is ‘very concerned’... 
10-year-old Chevy Aveos don’t cost $180K & it’s a lake house (not a beach house) he brought with the proceeds of the sale of a house his wife inherited. You need to read more accurate news 
Kids, Ilhan is terrific but skip school if you need  …
obviously, super disappointing behavior from senate republicans. obviously, a trial with no witness or documents can’t really be taken seriously. obviously, GOP favors party over country. obviously, it would be in everyone’s best interest if we voted them out. pretty simple.
BREAKING NEWS Still needs some refining with lighting/audio levels but this is what I've been working on the past week. Super proud to be able to bring you the news from here on 
This is  …
Coming from the Lib Dem whose leader lost her seat at the general election to the  …
This is exactly why I will not help to recruit any new Republicans to this party when you have senators normalizing what Romney did!
remember when blackpink did the mannequin challenge? 
RIGHTTT. I want her to make a storytime or something bc that put fear into my heart. but I guess it’s  than we think. the term is called cryptic pregnancy :o
stan twt can we put fanwars aside  together to beat the shit outta ticketmaster
BIG love to @k1 for stopping by the Nike By You Makers Studio. Stay locked to our channels for more appearances and daily recaps. Tap the link to experience #SBLIV  Nike By You Makers Studio #NikeMiami | 1035 Lincoln Road 10am - 
Since Ego is dropping soon, spring day prepping for it 
I kind of understand why we didn’t go for Bowen. Saint & Miggy are clearly our first picks when  to wingers / wide men in the front 3. We couldn’t guarantee a starting spot for Bowen right now... BUT We should have 100% been looking at an additional striker though.
good morning. if you're pro-discrimination and pro-ignorance, do yourself a favour and unfollow me.
Congratulations, now you can speak English fly the union flag and drive on the left hand side agai.....hey hang on!!!
He’s right, probably more like  …
THEY DIDN’T EVEN GIVE IT 24 HOURS. THE BODY IS STILL  …
me listening to ariana’s discography 
Dad really going  …
Have you read this story about the Chinese Crested Tern yet? It's a fantastic success story, and our own Don Lyons is involved!  …
Amazing news for a talented and dedicated young footballer. Congratulations Belal. No surprise to me that the professional environment created by @FCLondon is producing  …
Omg, I just got my sister outsider  …
Australia has a critical P2 mask crisis, made worse by the issuing to smoke affected areas. If only Scott Morrison was thinking of this in early December, rather than thinking about his family holiday. It's not unexpected! It was WHEN, not if! #auspol2020 #coronarovirus
Did you know? Wendy is banned in Uzbekistan, being replaced by Scott The Woz in all Mario Kart games released 
grayson and ethan will follow me.. one day... maybe
I really need a best girl friend. I’m sitting at home with my baby boys and just want a bestie  hang with us and watch movies and sip wine Sigh 
Well, Auburn gets the win, but it was not as convincing as it should have been. This felt a lot like the Oklahoma State meet at the beginning of the season where we let them scoop up points late. Gotta keep up the  …
OMG THIS IS SO FUNNY I'M 
golden 
You’re not in Portland anymore you Antifa  …
@everyone trying to get tickets to that MCR show don’t worry if you didn’t get them today they’ll announce a second show next week in a parking lot in Worcester so don’t sweat it.
Remember, we have an angel working on our 
Sure you are. You're still a co conspirator Tick Tock. 
Your economy is faltering and signaling recession. Your conservative judges are taking away my reproductive rights. Your deregulation is poisoning the water our children drink and the air they breath. So you can take your tyrant king and shove it @SenAlexander Warren 
delete later but just know i miss 
Vote their asses  …
Cam Newton  to the Carolina @Panthers, excited about the future with Matt Rhule and @CoachJoeBrady, and gained perspective during his time away while injured. My revealing conversation w the @NFL Man of the Year finalist on #MartySmithsAmerica:  
I want a boyfriend without the feelings part, like we aren’t dating but do couple 
Happy #Brexit Mothercluckers 
We are partnering with @TKpays to giveaway 1,100 CoD Points! RT this tweet and follow @TKpays & @AGNEvents to enter! 
I am not concerned with an acquittal before the SOTU. We all know  and @realDonaldTrump has so many awesome victories besides the sham impeachment attempt to discuss that he doesn't really need it under his belt. So proud of this @POTUS. He keeps winning for all of us!
Tol racc and smol cat ready for mischievous mischiefs Happy #FursuitFriday!!! : 
Trump didn't make American politics a show. He revealed it.
Just booked my flight for DH Anahiem, Just want to say a massive thank you to @RBMercy and @fIowy for giving me this huge opportunity, Now I just gotta pop off
What would NBC know about  …
Shiny Electrike after 3,823 
PET SEMATARY 2 SCORE AVAILABLE FOR THE 1st TIME EVER! CD  VINYL & CASSETTE 
Former Black?  
I've been accepted to WGU for their Bachelor's in IT program!!! Yes!!! Like I said last weekend, it's not too late! I am 
relationship anarchy is for pussies. real men are relationship sovereign citizens wife: I just want to know where you were last nigh— me: am I being detained
Themes of Family loyalty and legacies, trust and betrayal, dead but not dead loved ones, long lost relatives popping up about and romance. Fast and the Furious are just Soap Operas with a big budget and that’s why I love  …
If you don’t think this is representative of the current mainstream narrative then you’re not paying attention.
Our final caucus townhalls and rallies tomorrow - #YangGang we need you at our Des Moines rally! GET 
Just got that little pitter patter in my heart that you get when you’re in a good enough mood to text an ex out of nowhere to tell them how much better you are than them and how you really hope they enjoy being a boring fuck forever
A fancy new Brexit era train spotted at Cardiff Central this 
[ | @Interscope Records x SoHo House West Hollywood Grammy Party, 25th January 
As part of our professional development day, the @IWCSchools instructional staff was inspired by award-winning principal and best-selling author Hamish Brewer. #legacy #bethereforkids  – at Smithfield Middle School
my mom when she sees how much I  …
had to participate 
I’m sorry but this feels like a stretch from you. What EA have done today is a great step in the right direction - we’re finally getting fun objectives with cards to get better versions. You’re taking a positive and finding the negatives, focus on the good
Took a nap with my moms blanket... Gave it to her on her bday July 27th 2019... didnt know it would give her  as she layed in the hospital ... or that she would fall asleep forever with it on her in hospice. It brings  to have it now. I miss my mom 
Maycee Barber still would’ve beaten PVZ
incredible how many people think it's absurd & farfetched that the NYPD would see wonky turnstiles as an opportunity to squeeze more money out of residents, I bet you think speed traps are the stuff of fantastical folklore
Drop a BTS or non-BTS song that makes you sad It's been a long day without you my friend @BTS_twt #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo 
SIGAM @_Fiel_Seguidor @adrianarenault2 @enzoenoque @elvira60897261 @neide37161457 @Max0202Ma @VemPraCaBrasil @Luquirino2 @Rubertim1 @RealMaxwell8 @2_gurgel @Geni66352834 @ELVIRAMELISSA1 @Max0202Ma @ZilPereira @gurgel_3 @REGINAELVIRA4 
If kian doesn’t put his nose ring back in in the near future I’ll change my @on this account and won’t be his lil kih anymore
Still the best announcement  …
First Report of  mosaic virus Infecting Cassava in Mainland China  …
That’s a wrap for the first day of Power Five.  with more on day two! 
Man, this is not a good look from you at all. I think you will  to regret this and wish your words were more gracious and temperate. But I understand, Obama (and others) made many of us on our side angry and intemperate also.
This is going to sound mean I swear it is a serious question, not trying to be mean: IF McConnell is a master of the senate and IF he made a prettttty obvious mistake like this and IF he's 77 years old is he...you know...slowing down? If you get  …
niggas make me SICK. sick to my fucking stomach.
Don’t ask me my sign because ima say  …
One last thing. We CANNOT wait & trust in 2020 elections to save us. They're going to be manipulated beyond belief - Russia's already at it. Plus Trump & GOP are signaling he won't leave. Fact: Germans thought they could wait & vote Hitler out. It began as a democracy, you know.
Mfs secretly don’t be liking you and just waiting for the right moment to let you know
Bitches will dream u cheated wake up , & ACT FUNNY ALL DAY
CN100Sports #GameoftheWeek @Titans_Hoops vs @OFHShoops preview with Jim Blaney & Kenny McReynolds more at   …
oomf gasping loudly when mariah started playing in this buffalo wild wings way to be under the radar
it’s always that one dude who snitch on people in the city instagram: 
To 
Dung beetles and beef cows. 2020 might be the year where dung beetles  …
Fuck distance I want you here rnnn
Thunderdome  for ya @wrt870 @tiiiredeyes @crushinyy @Dest182 @twvtts
I don’t say this lightly, but what a horrible horrible  …
Just looked them up. They're called "The Good Liars" and they have a film on Netflix called Undecided where they prank presidential candidates.
You’ve won brexiteers I hope it makes you happy. Dear lord what a sad little life LeaveEU, you ruined the country so you could preach independence. I hope you use the prize money on the NHS and learning some grace and decorum because you have all grace of a reversing dump truck.
Put your Twitch link in your bio. Sincerely, - Twitch Staff doing things for Reasons.
Let's have it folks, love the work the #EuFlagMafia do..... let's get on with it, chip in now whilst you are feeling the pain, we are going nowhere! #StillEuropean #NotGoingQuietly #NotMyBrexit #IamEuropean #BrexitReality #NotInMyName #FlyTheFlag #EuropeanUnion  …
Black culture all over the disapora is a REACTION to white supremacist terrorism, so it genuinely what and who we are? I don’t want to be apart of a culture that is based on the response of demonic terrorism. It’s time we heal and create something new and based on US.
And yes, this is the exact writing from my 7th grade  …
us: we're not into drama us when drama 
Praying for the girl who we would walk by in the halls every day, not knowing what she was going through
wtf is going on? logan and josie? mike and lana? jake and julia? i-
Most news outlets have a solid track record in publishing fake news and dressing opinion as fact. Many influencers in fact consistently spread fake news as well. I wonder then how does Twitter decide who to suspend.
Today members of the @AlbanyFFs Executive Board attended @MayorSheehan State of the City. A major agenda push for for the 2020 Census. We need to count everyone in Albany this year! @NY_Counts for over 100,000 
It already has given the decrease in crossings. It's not meant to stop people, it's meant to funnel them to impassable terrain or  …
All of our TV organisations should have their licenses revoked. Appalling behaviour & even worse programming  …
Just carried in some groceries I am the big 
you called my name?
I personally think that one of the main reasons most of us lose concentration [خشوع + خضوع] in Salaah is because we leave out the Sunnah Adhkar in Rukoo and Sujood. It’s so essential that one learns those Ad’iyah and pray them in salaah
My son been hogging the titties. I got something for 
remember to set your clock back 47 years tonight
Women’s DMR | Hoosiers Pinkston, Jenkins, Mulzer and  for a time of 11:34.02! #GoIU 
Twitter has suspended @Zerohedge after they post this  … #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak I told you guys what the CCP ’s BGY plan is. When you touch the truth, the devil who has been bought will jump out and stop you at all 
Now out of the EU! 
We're about to very soon. I just want the video of all the crying  …
It was always a charade, Senator. But then, what do you expect from a Reality TV  …
Yep no one has ever been sexually assaulted by their spouse
No doubt this will go  …
To Republicans like Lindsey Graham who led the charge to Impeach Pres. Clinton for a BJ, a Lie & one count of Obstruction of Justice Democrats should have added all of the 12+ times Donald Trump tried to Obstruct Robert Mueller's Investigation to the Articles of Impeachment.
Forget Ma, Mam, Mum and Mom, you're not REALLY Irish unless you call your mother *low-frequency prehistoric grunting noises as your eyes blacken and roll backwards*
This is your king!?!? #RipAmerica
I should be on vacation, making macaroni in a cute little balcony.
He will walk down the street and shoot someone, and no one will hold him accountable. Congratulations, @GOP @SenateGOP @senatemajldr @marcorubio @LindseyGrahamSC @lisamurkowski @RandPaul. #Amerikkka 
Hannah Roemhild, 30, was taken into custody after she crashed her SUV through two security checkpoints near Mar-a-Lago Another deranged, unhinged Bernie supporter... shocking, huh? 
It reminds me of the Rove as Genius narrative. He was allegedly untouchable...until he wasn't. Bush's second term was a  …
Everybody you meet is not meant to be in your life. The sooner you accept that, the easier it will be to move on.
February is a fresh start Leggo bois! To Nationals we go! @cyrilogyxx @clarkstewart10 
So it's Happy Birthday Arnold full stop? No mobile money no what! February really! Wanturaki
What's the best way to refer to a person who isn't autistic?
I posted this and they’re in  with this, disgusting!!!  
5/Racists bash the Chinese government as a way of expressing anti-Chinese racism BECAUSE they buy into the racial-nationalist frame. They see the Chinese government as an extension of the Chinese race. By accepting this frame, we would play into their racism.
The message from the iconic cliffs of Co.Clare is clear. Enough of #Brexit and enough of Britain dictating Ireland’s destiny. It’s time for hope over fear, unity over division. It’s time for a referendum on Irish unity. 
Antifa. Rainbow 
This is why we love her. This is why we love Gaga. And Lizzo. Because they believe in us and they stand for us when they know some people will hate them for it. They stand for what is right. Not what is easy or good for their careers. I STAN  …
Again. I bloody love my  …
“What you are doing is taking an underground radioactive reservoir and bringing it to the surface where it can interact with people and the environment." “Us bringing this stuff to the surface is like letting out the devil. It is just madness.”  …
#ThankYouYang for giving me hope for the future!  with your other policies (such as funding mental health care and providing bank services in post offices) will help the homeless. A monthly  got me out of homelessness. I know it can help others as 
This goes in the face of the #BlackExcellence that he's preaching. Almost all of his living artists can't eat like they wanna because he OWNS their publishing. The LOX had to threaten to throw him off a building to get theirs lol Then there's this oldie but goodie #Diddy 
and/or "get married"  …
For Donald's base, they feel like they're getting away with it, too. They will be happy. He won, so they won. But his base isn't the whole electorate. It's not even the whole Republican Party... though the party as it exists now is clinging to him, propping him up, shielding him
America CAN NOT wait until Nov! Trump is going to wreak even more havoc than he already has! #GOPCowards ? AMERICAN cowards! You should all be filling the streets by now! For shame, for shame!  …
.⁦ @senatemajldr⁩ statement on Senate 
Am always moved to tears when I see people who genuinely and helplessly hawk petty goods to feed and survive for that day' especially women and children Please don't bargain too hard with small vendors. They do business not to buy designers bags, trendy phones, watches,
Why wasn’t Boris Johnson’s statement on leaving the EU broadcast on all TV news channels and BBC1? Sure, it was not impressive and contained no signals of what is  but why hide it online? Weird.
We knew what you meant! Your reporting has been outstanding –– thanks for all you do.
A thread of Yoongi being Baby that we all desperately need in 
Her connection to war  …
"Tonight, we take our country back." Brilliant speech from @PeterBoneUK tonight #BrexitDay  – at Parliament Square
custom Valentine’s Day paintings are the perfect gift ! dm me for details 
At 8pm ET, join @Mal_Makes and me as we jump back into the world of Yoshi's Island!  
Congratulations Frank @FrankGassant! Winner of a pair of tickets to #SuperSaturdayNight presented by AT&T! @johnny_soliz @Mr_Andres_Caro 
Piss off with your fireworks!
ART! Please share some art with me! Something that speaks to you and moves you. Could be homemade or a sculpture or a building or music... 
to try something 
Today was supposed to only be about the end of something good. We decided to make it about the beginning of something better #GreenYes #BrexitDay 
my 12 year old gay ass running to base when someone finds me in man hunt  …
Dirty macking will get you nowhere
Republicans have voted to nix witnesses, speeding up the timeline to acquit the 
can we all just agree to  tana, rik, alissa, and julia please jfc the first 3 are living their lives and thriving just fine without jake and even though julia’s with him now it’s not a defining trait of hers like she’s a person all by herself
Alright PETA has officially lost 
You aren’t the country,  …
As you can see by these pictures animals that die in China die an agonizing slow brutal death quite often torched alive by blow torches, boiled alive & skinned alive, don’t even try to defend these savages to me.
Goodnight Hercai Fandom !! #Hercai #ReyMir #Reyyan #Miran #EbruŞahin 
If you‘re lucky enough to work at EnCap, you can mark an investment at 1.0x and literally let it go bankrupt a quarter later. Pensions & institutions love the “low volatility” of private equity because the marks don’t move much. You know what else doesn’t move much? A dead body
i feel so  on nsfw twt being a heterosexual .. literally feel so oppressed. you guys are so mean to hets...
Piper such a good girl for putting up with my shenanigans 
i hate small talk
The fabulous @callaghanmusic performing at @TheBedfordPub last night at an Absolute Label Services showcase sponsored by Caffè Nero @talentbanq . Love seeing this very talented #singersongwriter with an angelic 
s/o to my momma 
lmao we was calling him our daddy but i just found out he has a 
Beautifully said A better future for all farmers  …
I feel more British already.. cor blimey, love a duck, missus.. ‘ere, pass the cockles and jellied eels and lets ‘ave a right knees up. We can chuck in some casual racisms if you likes. Gawd save the Queen, penny for the Guy Mister. I’s off to go scrumping for apples. #BrexitDay

Someone called my son FAT at school today. Get the Vaseline, I’m already taking off my hoops.
tis a good skin day 
Greek Night @MetroByTMobile | 
WHEN DRYING FROG'S CLOACA, DO NOT USE COMPRESSED CANNED AIR. DOING SO WILL STARTLE FROG, CAUSING FROG TO HOP AWAY AND BECOME IRRETRIEVABLE.
#TheTimeIsNow to elect Bernie Sanders President. Pass it  …
i just want you to go as hard for me as i go for you.
Pair of top- UO performers in the weight throw... Lydum (18.95m/62-2.25) moves from No. 8 No. 6, Tharp (18.39m/60-4) jumps in to the top 10. 
Jacuzzi after the show tonight? Obviously. High Level, you spoil 
zoned out, my speakers is blown outtt 
I outdid myself on this one #YELLOWTAPE
We went to Kfc and the cashier began to take our order i ask her what she wanted and her response was "jus mek mi get piece a  …
That's what the last 4 years has breed, Yous are  to it. #UnitedIreland #indyref2
200131 ㅡ from_youngk's Instagram live 
Ole convincing Ighalo to join United instead of 
New graphics going in. @NCATSUbaseball Offices and Clubhouse are about to be ...More  @NCATAGGIES @gboroaaf #FullTilt  – at World War Memorial Stadium
“Do u have a crush on me?” “No” “Are u sure?” “I don’t have a crush on you” “Okay, well I like you” “Okay I lied, I have a crush on u”
GIVEAWAY WINNER and Artist Valentine Thank you all who participated and continue to support me! We are close to 3K which means another giveaway soon! I LOVE GIVING GIFTS! The winner for a free 5x7 canvas is @mayhem_hayes Artist Valentine winner is 
You don't have to wait till val before you show her love ... Make everyday a valentine for her...
He's a FDR Democrat. The only good kind. We're taking back the party of #FDR .
Hexagon farmer / Hexagon farmer There was a hexagon farmer In a lab in America Come from China / lives in America Reacting on arrival / catalytic cycle
sorry is just a  at me with changed behavior then we’ll talk
That just means that only 2 Republicans have a backbone. Doesn't mean they would have voted for removal though.
No they just saved our constitution!
I'm here to inform you that the "F9" trailer is very good.

I'M CRYING 
So many things wrong with Brexit. Not least that the people whipped up into leave frenzy - with nothing to gain - will soon be abandoned. They’ve served their purpose.
I love this!!! #ThankYouYang
Fun fact. In 1986, the 49ers offered the Oilers two 1st round picks in 1987, a 1986 2nd round choice and NT Manu Tuiasosopo for the rights to Jim Everett. However, the Oilers wanted NT Michael Carter instead and the deal fell 
Hi @TomPerez How about finding out who those half a dozen people privately talking about the rule change are, AND FIRING THEM?
People need to get their head out of their asses, Donald Trump isn’t just talking racism — he’s acting on it. This travel ban is xenophobia on par with some of the worst we’ve seen in  …
A great win for our district and  …
goose game that is the exact type of game i want to make and i've always wanted to make but they beat me to it,  …
In Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Director Taika Waititi can be seen playing the center head of a three headed being in the backround, the voice of the character Korg in the foreground and presumably directing the film from behind the camera all in one 
Thank you folks for you dedication to Clan you do a fantastic job Pollies please Stop the delays it is hurting Care Leavers more than you will ever  …
Brexit. Trump. Brexit. Trump. Brexit. Trump. Brexit. Trump. Brexit. Trump. Brexit.  …
All these 216 texts y’all are ghettooooo
Moment judge recognized school friend in dock #HappyWeekend @AmandaRay02 @NevilleGaunt @LollyDaskal @guzmannutrition @annemariayritys @psb_dc @TerenceLeungSF @terence_mills @JeffreyBuskey @fklivestolearn @rajat_shrimal @Shirastweet @shirleyzeyu @AudreyDesisto 
didn’t slowdown while red flag was shown. Hope she’s reporting FIA stewards right now. Penalty: 10 min stop&go without eating any grasses, flowers, leaves, ferns, moss and even insects.  …
i have 12 art assignments due on 
Thanks for the defense --- even if it isn't Bernie you support, it's nice to see people call out this kind of BS. I just wish they wanted to play fair. Stuff like this makes it hard to believe they do. It will have consequences if they do --- more voter distrust of the party.
Our neighbour works at the Coach House. She may not agree with the landlord's politics but I will never go to that pub again. Bentham pub landlord gets ready to celebrate 'victory over global elites' with Brexit day  …
Sooo do we agree that insofar as [waves hand at world], Dry January can end tonight?
Help getting rid of @SenDanSullivan who barely won his first election would be a step in the right direction and also help diminish the power of @lisamurkowski. Alaska can’t stand Ohio Dan who is besties with the Koch Bro’s and Trump. #FlipTheSenate2020 @IndivisibleTeam  …
How about this for durability and consistency? Three former team mates in @KGSrugby 1st XV progressed to #Fylde's National League 1st XV and have made successive appearances @tomcarletonn 83, @WilkinsonConnor 74, @1997Beng 63 before tomorrow's game v 
who needs the super bowl on Sunday when you can watch @100Thieves vs @Cloud9 playing league of legends
Seriously candidates Fuvk this Iowa caucus. Our democracy was attacked today. I don’t care who endorsed you. A voter suppression system of old white people bullying others. It’s nothing to be proud of. Three hundred thousand democrats that are not indicative of the party make up
what they do with hanji's chocolate levi: throws it away in an instant. mike: smells it. throws it away later. erwin: saves it for later. choco melts and starts smelling awful. secretly throws it away to not make hanji sad. moblit: eats it. gets a stomach ache for 2 days.
im in this tweet and i dont like it
Read one thinker and you  a clone. Read two and you  confused. Read a hundred and you start to  wise. Tim Keller
Ima do me you can do you 
Flynn Indicted Dems: Riot Reps: Angry at Home Kavanaugh Smeared Dems: Riot Reps: Angry at Home Midterms won by Dems Dems: Riot Reps: Angry at Home Roger Stone Sentenced Dems: Riot Reps: Angry at Home Normal Tuesday Dems: Riot Reps: Angry at Home
This is what it means to be descriminated against & let down on a daily basis. You are making a difference Hannah, keep calling it out. Rail Companies can’t keep failing disabled  …
Still very funny to me that Matt Schlapp is his real name
How the Telegraph stood up to the establishment elite to reflect and push forward the views of the silent  …
Christian Bravery. (that's the artist's 
Tonight High Commissioner @SusanLeJeuneFCO spoke with @CTV_PowerPlay on  next as the leaves the . Watch the full interview  
And opportunities to “own the libs”
Journalist Gwen Ifill has been honored with the postal service's Black Heritage Forever Stamp. #RolandMartinUnfiltered streaming live on #Facebook  #Periscope  … 
Apparently We The People don't matter any more! #RememberInNovember  …
I flicked through them all. Absolute shite..the lot of them. Showing Union flags and Brexiteers through gritted teeth. Not one ounce of patriotism for their own country.
Don’t worry I won’t post my dead dog all day. But if you can, adopt a rescue dog. Even though she took so much of my heart with her she made it so much bigger in the first place. 4.5 years of this dreamboat was the greatest, most unexpected 
fuck it’s february 1!!!!! please don’t be painful like january
10/10 would shoot court-level with the 400mm again 
set top roped a nigga lol
New Bolton claims are "bombshell that Mitch McConnell has been afraid of" - Bolton writes in his book that Trump pressured him to call Ukraine Zelenskiy to begin the Ukraine pressure campaign early last May, months earlier than previously known.  …
Niggas not linking unless it’s at Tilted  …
Article from 2016: "...the Carbon Bubble will pop not when high-carbon practices  impossible, but when their profits cease to be seen as  …
idol lan wangji going from lan sect class to his yoga 
Didn't you just post an antisemitic lie like 3 days ago? Maybe take a break from twitter.
Tomorrow BWL will surpass 370M on Sp0tify. If it keep gaining 700k daily would reach 400M streams by mid/late March. 7 release will increase @BTS_twt's numbers overall, so 400M by mid March sounds 
Vday flash ???? Unless I fuck it up 
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD STOP SHIPPING LOGAN AND TANA IT'S FUCKING WEIRD
Nobody: Me: omg that reminds me of this one episode in spongebob
January I: Dropped everything & moved to FL, forced myself to  a morning person (succeeded), maintained clean eating/calorie goals, journaled every day, worked out a minimum of 3 days a week (slick 5 cuz I did A LOT of walking) allowed myself to feel my feelings w/o shame
Protestors currently marching towards 
#RT: @Mike_Shah012: @saferprint @kleopatra2009 @Marieaaow @Heavensnewbaby @bfosterbfa @AwesomeRex_ @ThalaBeratung @COccupants79 @domainverkaufen @PetalsTm @mafiahairdreser @Seaclare115 @Hristov_D Good Luck for New Week safer and Everyone :) #FF #Writer #WritingCommunity 
Oh my anxiety can be pretty creative
If his likes are clear, he’s got two accounts. Don’t trust men
Oh this an intriguing one, Enzo Zidane, the oldest son of Zinedine Zidane, will play for Guti’s  …
Schiff right 
Wonder how his patreons defend the disgusting way he talked about intimate details about Sarah that were not his to tell. watching Edwins stream I get more and more enraged by the way Onision talks about all the girls and the lies he continues to stpread.
Doors Are Open Get your @sfinnegan37 bobble 
Schumer's 1st 2nd & 3rd Amendments should be for secret ballots on the votes to convict or acquit.
She asked for posters and billboards, she got trucks and cereal too  
Please follow:  … If you don't, federal authorities will arrest @chrissyteigen for being a foulmouthed wife. Trust me, she would not do well in  …
Rubio: "Just because actions meet a standard of impeachment does not mean it is in the best interest of the country to remove a President from 
The Four Horsemen of the 
Just listened to @LilTunechi new album and it’s a no no for me! He couldn’t keep up with these new guys
once again I ask HOW didn’t Far From Home get nominated for an 
Just sayin’... My influence MATTERS. Whether you love me or hate me, my mere existence brings out the best in people. I’m not offended if you disagree with my methods but I do say, It’s certainly effective. WATCH #NWAPowerrr @nwa Tue. 6:05 pm ET:  
hot queers for bernie? as a 
One of the hardest things to learn is to not worry about what people think or say about you. Until you learn this lesson, you will waste valuable time responding to negativity and criticism. As @paulocoelho says, ‘be a good person, but don’t waste your time trying to prove it.’
#OccupyDC That’s all Just #OccupyDC #RIPAmerica
yea I be wishing he a just fuck  …
They should move to disqualify anyone who said how they were going to vote before the trial.
Je m’appelle #wadeboggs. Picked up a super RARE French version Starting Lineup of the Chickenman. @RedSox #supercollector #supercollection 
Next time I have jury duty I’m gonna tell the judge I don’t need to hear from any witnesses, because frankly this country is too divided, and also even if the guy did it, that doesn’t mean he should be convicted, and then I’m gonna just leave and not take questions from reporters
Phil Lesh Will Celebrate His @GratefulDead Birthday Shows at Terrapin Crossroads Read  …
IM LIVE RN IF UR A NORTH GRINDER AND WANT TIPS RN COME TO STREAM AND ILL REVIEW UR SHIT
Hse Dem mgrs: Senators just voted to make this the first impeachment trial in the history of the United States without witnesses and documents, which were blocked by President Trump during the inquiry.
I get great joy from seeing people parrot talking points as if they are original thoughts.
Wow! This is a hell of a way to get your product tested 
I know ya’ll are not slut shaming an underaged girl who was groomed by an old man???
What I'm hearing is that you were the onion and she deep-fried your ass so you would open up and  an Awesome Blossom. #OlicityForever 
always forever  - 
I know there may have been some ups and downs but I will always love Anna bc she gave me Hessa and H&J. I’m so excited to finally see everyone’s hard work on the big screen! My heart is beating out of my chest rn bc ik content  soon and I couldn’t be more elated 
FRIDAY FEB 7th 8pm 
so they just watched that whole movie bitch where was my invite??? 
I guess they are not really draining the  …
If Elora skated like Hunter does in Spyro Year of the Dragon, what design do you think she would have on her board? Asking for cosplay reasons, have most of the pieces together for it, making it appear very 90s, curious on what thoughts y’all have! Art is by vihor405 
Rare to get such clear skies in Tokyo, but when you spot Fuji, there’s no mistaking it.
Success: I trained ResNet-50 on imagenet to 75.9% top-1 accuracy in 3.51 minutes using a 512-core TPUv3. (480,000 images per second. 224x224 res JPG.) Before you think highly of me, all I did was run Google’s code. It was hard though. Logs:  
It was the besssst time. 
my 
Alex Toth, on the dangers of paying freelancers too 
29 state legislatures are controlled by Republicans, you absolute dipshit. Thanks for the proposal for 58 Republican senators,  …
i can cure your  …
Allowing this to be true, it’s a banner fucking day for Jury Nullification, the most important legal concept no one in the system will tell you  …
JIMIN's 5 solo Articles trending at TOP 6 in NAVER currently & 6th Article reached at #12 from #25 straight in few minutes. JIMIN keep going higher meanwhile Group article left the list except 1. This is lesson to BH for doing dirty to JM. PARK JIMIN IS KOREA's FAVOURITE CHILD 
Excuse 
so journalists must just get smarter, politicians are not always the sharpest tools in the shed .. learn their rhetorical tricks, circle around rather than go direct, find the high moral ground and hold it, never call anyone "sir" and question authority, relentlessly #auspol
when democracy is failing and you’re so very, very 
Wth @StatusCoup?? We're NOT giving our votes to Bernie. It's NOT happening. Don't tell us what "role" we're required to play. This is OUR MOVEMENT. We don't owe it to Bernie or anyone else. We'll continue doing what we're doing now & well beyond 
Finally - because who could feel depressed listening to it? - Plastic Bertrand's Ca Plane Pour  …
Emily and Felicity changed the entire direction of the show. Obviously, some can say it was for the worse. But I'll choose to side with the actors, showrunners, producers, and the throng of fans that know it was for the best 
Our education system hasn’t failed. It was designed to produce hordes of sheep with no critical thinking skills who would vote exactly how the newspapers told them. This level of stupidity takes generations to create. It’s deliberate, and what the ruling class always intended.
She. Did. That. 
Gold, you say? 
Distance to unlock a set of 5 battles is reduce to 3km. You can now do 5 sets of 5 battles per day. 25 in total #PokémonGO
51. chanwoo from 
INTELIGENT  …
“It was plainly baffling for them to see people make associations between the restaurant that serves food with locally produced ingredients with a disease on the other side of the world” - @SheilaWang7. I will be eating at Wuhan Noodle 1950 tomorrow! Who’s joining me?  …
 … Hillary tweets "No one is above the law!". . . Then refuses to accept lawsuit against her
Buvac is 100% the twist to this season. Everyones forgotten about him, hes got nothing but vengeance on his mind for two years. This plot hes got is gonna hurt, badly.
nba twitter meet  …
I would really love for supposed M4A advocates to stop being so cruel. You’re hurting your cause.
What absolute rubbish. How do you know there aren't white Australians amongst the lot being picked up anyway? The best place to put these people no matter the skin colour. Shame on this tweet  …
Although I won't be live today, please check out the RETURN of Unranked to GM : ASHE ONLY! I popped off big time in this episode with HUGE DAMAGE -->  
Got some things for my Kermie ita bag from @tunaaspicy 
Had a great week in Miami, appreciate all of our guests. From @PFTCommenter, @ESPNBooger, @geoffschwartz, @gregcosell, @tomecurran, @minakimes, Mike Shanahan.....we had a great time and hope everyone enjoys the content this week
Setlist de Louis para o evento na Rough Trade! • Don’t Let It Break Your Heart • We Made it • Too Young • 
As I say from time to time Free Speech is only Free its 1) Bullish or 2) What "they" want you to say.. I stand and Support @zerohedge its a shame there are not 100s like them
 …
I wanna take it deeper than money , p***y vacations ....
We've heard this so many times, from Stephen and the producers, but I will never tire of it. It's legit why they kept bringing her back. That chemistry, that response, it gave us what we fell in love with. 
I have a biomedical degree and have finished the Quran multiple times as well as memorized many  …
Our one-time guest star got her very own segment. I 
#ThankYouYang for giving us the chance to save ourselves!
I’m so@sorry this happening to you, Colin. Thoughts and  …
The CDC confirmed the first case of #coronavirus in the Bay Area today. The new case marks the sixth confirmed in the U.S. and the third in California, but health officials still say the risk to the general public is  …
girl in a few of my classes wont stop sending me her tik 
To our Muslim friends around the world. This administration & the Islamophobia echoing from this White House does not represent the future of America. Watch the images of protests around this country, we are fighting like hell to make sure that you are  & loved  …
character 
I have no idea who runs my dog's Twitter. Or who nominated him for social chair of NVHQ but I love it  …
I hate myself. So I saw this girl from far away and I was like “OHMYGOD SHE IS RLLY CUTE YO” and then when I got closer,,,,it was,,,,my 
Babe you gotta start cleaning up right about yesterday then
IF THEY DONT THINK YOUR IMPORTANT TO LOSE THEY WILL TREAT YOU LIKE TRASH
Thanks for getting it done Boris. Cheers
who’s down for #shawnskatersqautchallenge 
still not over how close they were to kissing in this  …
You ain’t got no Yeezy nigga!?
i know what i want to caption this but i don’t want to be added to that shame collage 
Let Freedom Ring!
MORE BLESSINGS TO COME #KarinaBautista #KathrynBernardo @MissKareee @bernardokath KathNiel x KarJon | @AljonMendoza_ 
Why would he trade out a dime for a penny ? 
Update In regards to our Merchandise. Unfortunately the supplier we chose didn't meet our standards in the end and we want our merch to be the best for you! This has caused a delay however we are working hard on something even better! 
*Uninhibited See... this is why we have "rules."
And slandered the heck out of @JoeBiden along the way. Awful.
Donna North Culture The Mighty Chiefs Powerlifting Team takes 1st place at the Donna High Invitational. Roll Tribe...Chief 
#CoronaVirus Billy Gates Admits It! We Already Had That Proof, SICKO  

We have always been a crabcore  …
I'm tweeting this, even though it's a bit embarrassing, because I think people might need a laugh (and so some might stop telling me to wear 
We, the people impeached Trump + we, the people, will #RemoveTrump + every Senator who exposed themselves tonight as traitors to American democracy. This crisis can only be resolved by uniting to defeat this corrupt regime + replacing it with a govt that serves all of 
"God Save the Queen" is trending and basically being HATED on by #Remainers. #StillEuropean also trending by those usually attacking Britain and British People in same tweet. Their shame in Britain  theme. No wonder these despicables were trashed in 2 democratic votes!
MMA Fans: We want McGregor vs Masvidal. UFC: Usman vs Masvidal you say? MMA Fans: Hell nah, give us anything besides that. UFC: But didn’t you see the heated altercation between them the other day? MMA Fans: That shit was whack fam. UFC: 
There'll be new data in the 2020 Census, naturally, but as of the last two census reports, Nigerian immigrants were more likely to have an advanced degree, MA or higher, than any other immigrants to the United States.
"Most of my townscape is part real, part imaginary. Bits and pieces of my home locality. I don't even know I'm putting them in. They just crop up on their own, like things do in dreams." ~L.S.Lowry A Street Scene, St. Simon's Church The Tollbooth, 
excuse 
NaDeXe is streaming NBA 2K20 on DLive!  … #NBA 2K20
january but in 
Last night we debuted @DLFootball's new Twitch channel for our new DLF TV! We kicked off with @ChrisAllenFFWX and @APWilde's mailbag show. Follow us on Twitch:  … And YouTube:  … Watch the full mailbag show here:  
Shoutout to my 
We'll end rejoining in 10-15 year's time and your legacy will subside into dust and you will  an irrelevance...enjoy the limelight whilst you still have it.
. @MIASBLIV Opening Night highlights with our favorite media member. #SBLIV : 
#ThankYouYang for attempting to make running a positive campaign and remaining inclusive. Not left, not right, but forward
I will: - Not talk sh*t about any of the dem candidates. And get behind the final nominee even if it’s not one of my favorites. - Follow and retweet other house and senate candidates. - Share voting info and encourage people to use their vote and voice.
This is Peter Troy. A man most of you won't know, who didn't live to see this day, but was instrumental in building the eurosceptic movement in the north. A loyal friend of The Leave Alliance, The Harrogate Agenda, and a true 
Something.
“You'll be hard-pressed to find a better all-around AMD-build than this” – PC Gamer See what @pcgamer had to say about our new VENGEANCE 6182 gaming  …
Driving an electric vehicle is a great way to cut down on emissions and reduce air pollution in  Together, we can each make small changes to help build a greener New Jersey and reach 100% clean energy by 2050. #GoGreenNJ 
Chosen by albi 
okie im done
Also striking about this press conf: nothing about any new measures to protect and prepare US hospitals and clinics. That’s the single most important thing they could be doing right now to protect us. Instead they’re trying to get the genie back in the  …
“Sir we are waiting on our classmates” After the PFT run After the AFT Only sum will understand  …
when they say “they’re forcing a gay agenda on us” what they’re really saying is “we liked it better when they were invisible”
I juts want to take this moment not to ask anything from you, Lord. You’ve been blessing us with good JaDine moments lately. I just wanna say, “THANK YOU, GOD!” 
What a game! Walk off in extras 9-8  out on top over Frank Phillips in G1 of the series! Outstanding pitching performances by @_luissvv, @jordanjones300, & @SVargas6ix who earned the W. @DavisDaires with the HR to start the rally and the walk off by @Rileyblanton20! #QQ
A DISGRACEFUL & DISGUSTING DISPLAY! of a MASSIVE CRIMINAL COVERUP! Shame on the Republicans! for being the ENABLERS OF A CRIMINAL! You delusional treasonous pathological liar fucking moron conman rancid fishlips  corrupt clueless IMPEACHED ASSHOLE! #JailTimeSoon 
Jordi in the opening credits. #YR 
Massive win tonight. Incredible touch having our mate Sin on the screen and the fantastic applause from everyone. Means the world. Thank you @JordanShirts 
Congrats to the 36 @FORDHAMFOOTBALL Rams who were named to the 2019 @PatriotLeague Academic Honor Roll  
This is not ok. Pls fix your game and help my friend @NianticLabs  …
. @ProckRocket_TF just made the best run of the weekend. He ran 3.682 at 333.08 mph. #NHRATesting
This means the three largest cities in Europe, by official population, are now outside the European Union: Moscow, London & St Petersburg (four if you consider Istanbul to be Europe). The next time someone uses “Europe” as a synonym for the European Union, remind them of  …
I vow to my fellow Democrats that I’m going to work my ass off here in Texas to register as many people as possible. I also vow to volunteer my driving services to get people to the polls. I’m one pissed off American!! #BlueTsunami2020
anyone else kind of tired of toxic fanbases thinking they're victims being wrongfully bullied bc they're also predominately full of (white) women
Jihyo's Birthday LED Billboard at EDSA Guadalupe Thank you guys for this @fortwiceph Not sure if this is the first time in PH for a Kpop idol but wow!! This is amazing! cr: btwrob #OurPreciousJihyo 
Who wants follow reply for follow uwu
on my 
Cheritz when they dropped that Saeran CG  …
| “I always want a big, melodic, catchy pop chorus, but it's about what you put around that, musically and melodically, in the verses and stuff, to keep things interesting...” © MTV News 
This year I just wanna make memories with great people, film everything and goof around like a goofy goober, gonna take my creativity to new heights Dimitrov is getting his own series and merch TikTok is happening Vlogs ALL year round Oh and I also now have an assistant
February na, Digong, gising na! Happy weekend! Hope you get a good rest para may energy tayo sa Tuesday to discuss the virus outbreak with medical experts.
#WithoutMusicIWould ....that’s not a 
the pc I built 
he c[o]uld be any one of us. 
It’s been too long since I got to actually paint and it’s so 
GUESS WHOS GOING TO SVDDEN @G7Brii @G7PitRunner @xo_alie @ohyoukeyy
Momentous and very sad indeed. A victory for small minds, Rupert Murdoch and asset  …
#Coronavirus FAQs – 
When being gay  illegal & it’s my turn for the electric 
Me when there are no fights  …
From backstage in #Berlin to all of my friends in the UK: however you feel about #brexit, it’s difficult to be in such a politically electric atmosphere. Here’s to finding some peace. The US made it through the first 100 days of Trump; y’all will make it through this. 
Please be good to us naman February
1/ "Over 9 million people in the UK – almost a fifth of the population – say they are always or often lonely, but almost two thirds feel  admitting to it (British Red Cross and Co-Op, 2016)"  …
The underwater keyboard 
babyyy 
Upon review of the evidence, unfortunately it appears that, despite my previous assertions, I *am* a goddamn sonofabitch.
Sleeping with me, the first thing Ill do in the morning is make sure my arms are around you. My lips would crave yours first thing in the morning, Id plant soft kisses on your cheek and nuzzle you closer to my chest and caress your hair while waiting for you to wake up
you can’t ruin my peace if i don’t give a fuck about you
Yes, Disney, @Disney @disneyplus bring forth more Ben Solo content, but not Kylo Ren with Knights of Ren kind. but post TROS. maybe just an ep will do, a TV mini series?  …
Photography can tell incredible stories. Like this  …
Have they realised it was all a massive scam yet?
unpopular(?) opinion: I don’t mind watching everyone’s “what _____ are you” Instagram stories, I find it fun and im actually intrigued to see what they are
relationships where your besties and roasteachother >>> my fav
The Standells – Dirty Water 1966 Sparton Records #vinyl #nowspinning #bathe Great rock LP... some classics on this - simple and 
Having a normal one I see  …
When Kendrick’s dad said “Real is taking care of your family. Real is God, nigga”
Ramders as a team finished in the top-24 @IHSAState. And two advancing individuals, Kyle Bailey and Anthony Pope, who  in the State Finals on Saturday! @gbsathletics 
Come on!!!! Show this father son dynamic duo some  …
If you ever need someone to hang up that mirror just let me know baby
Things that make @TheRock great: The Rundown The eyebrow The respect The disrespect The tequila The fact that he is "One of the greatest human beings to ever be born" Give us 15 minutes, and we'll give you the 
January kicking and screaming with news alerts every 15 minutes til  …
As a plumber, I approve this  …
Me: "I really want to get some wholesome art of my fursona!" Also me:  porn* ...Why am i like this
Soooo Bulldogs secured the 
As a member of the Resistance, I’m asking all of my fellow resisters to #BoycottTheStateOfTheUnion Let’s not give the impeached clown anything more to brag 
