Sanders says Democrats should do the "same thing" as right-wing Federalist Society in nominating federal judges  … via @CBSNews >> Mr. Sanders. You have the ABA.
Didn’t have a graded Sweetness rookie in my collection...I do now 
she’s a server, she likes to S E R V 
whatever you're going through right now, it'll pass. things will be better in sha Allah, just have sabr and things will fall into place. just do your thing and leave the rest upto  …
[2] Sweet - Adam Schiff's wife is in the Emil J Brach family - 
DarkZero Esports are the first team through the group stage from Group A as they look for their first international title! 
A story from 2018, with many connections, including the Atlantic Council.  …
Idk what it is about that Caitlin Fladnsjfjsn girl but I really hate seeing her posts. Like I get really irrationally annoyed seeing her shit pop up on my Facebook feed lmao
starting at midnight tonight all the girls with boyfriends must leave to the mountains
Flats are a form of 
I thoroughly enjoyed this roasting of Pelosi and her shameful  …
I don’t know what I need but I know something is missing.
bts are apparently in ny and omfg they were really here in la for a good month or so
This is SO COOL. And apparently the Cherokee Nation has its own heirloom seed  …
One day entertaining will  my full time job... 
Congratulations Jacob Wiethaupt former @MidStatesHockey @FZSHockey Bulldog and @CarshieldHockey forward on his 100th Point in the @NA3HL for the 
Everyone one of them is gorgeous  …
All of these activities require marketing skills that most programmers lack. Any resources for that?
. @chaptersindigo lists @GenGrahamAuthor's THE FORGOTTEN HOME CHILD as one of their most anticipated novels of 2020! Learn more & pre-order now!  
i don't care if "men are trash" is targeted the toxic concepts surrounding masculinity and not all men. It has heavy implications towards men in a harmful way and affects people who don't deserve to be included in the statement. You don't need to end men to end the patriarchy.
AND I WOULD WALK 121 
The idea just came to me this wasn’t lingering
in bed with the beast 
just dropping these 
President Kaunda w/ President Nasser. Nasser supported the Zambian liberation struggle from day one & opened an office for UNIP in Cairo when Zambia was still under British 
omg there’s so many new mommies on my feed!! shoutout to y’all, you’re all amazingly strong and beautiful!!!
Kicking people off food stamps isn't the same thing as lifting them out of poverty. They're still poor but now they're hungry too.
my coworker really made me sit in his car and watch public prank videos with him for nearly an hour and i am EXHAUSTED
Absolutely delighted that Aribo sent us on the way to victory today - super chuffed. But, for me, he still plays it too safe when we need some dynamism.
ANOTHER JADE FANCAM ITS WHAT I DESERVE  …
Finishing out the second day of #WCPHX with a Q&A on implementing web privacy best practices with @Ronnieburt of @wpmudev. Key takeaways: the landscape is changing, privacy is paramount, and users should have as much control as possible over their data. @WordCampPHX  – at Events On Jackson
Live on #twitchtv #twitchgirls #livenowretweet #Artist #artists #TwitchAffilate #art #digitalart #artistsontwitter  < @Twitch_Girls @SGH_RTs @BlazedRTs @FlyRts @GamerGalsRT @DripRT @Retweelgend @OmegaZee1 @TwitchXposure 
𝐖𝐢𝐬𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐧’𝐬 𝟒𝐱𝟒𝟎𝟎 𝐑𝐞𝐥𝐚𝐲 𝐜𝐥𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐬 𝐢𝐧 𝐥𝐞𝐬𝐬 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐧 𝟐 𝐬𝐞𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐬 𝐨𝐟𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐬𝐜𝐡𝐨𝐨𝐥 𝐫𝐞𝐜𝐨𝐫𝐝! Results for the Women’s 4x400 Relay at the Meyo Invitational: 2. Wisconsin A - 3:40.82 Dorm, Lubow, DesRosiers, Stubler #OnWisconsin
Nomad’s short rib 
New Hampshire doesn't have many people of color. But more are moving to the state, and many are getting and staying politically involved. Here's what they have to say ahead of Tuesday's high-stakes 
Imagine living in a society where 37 is old
God I’m going to hate waiting week to week for this. So fucking good. 
I am probably annoying but would Penelope have an older brother or an older sister?
Gn all 
Promotion service. Promote your tweet on our twitter account. What you get : 500 RT and at least 1000 clicks on your web link. (guarantee with proof) Cost : $4 We accept all crypto Comment : link of your tweet you wish to promote @cctip_io airdrop .002 ETH 
#NASCAR friends there's still time to get in on tomorrow's . @PitOutsideBox RT drawing! Going to sit back & relax for the rest of the night, after everything I went through with my Dad in the last 2 days, I need some time to process everything, see ya'll tomorrow Love you XX  …
the last ep of family guy i watched was the ep where brian "dies." bc i wanted to see what the fuss was abt. the entire intro to the ep was a mockery of indigenous ppl and a justification for why the genocide of them was actually beneficial for society bc they're stupid.
anyone reading this i love u sooooooo much,,, i hope ur feelings okay today
he looks a 
Our 1st born baby, is the love of our life.... I’m going to be a BOY MAMA 
Even though I still don’t know if it will turn out good all day long. I still have another day day to correct my mistakes, to forgive, to Love, to do things l didn’t do yesterday, to spend w/ d people l love & a chance to serve God. God bless @lizasoberano @itsenriquegil 
Wish we could have more time in London. Thank you for the  – at Grand Plaza Hyde Park
Men they dont bother to tell t(e difference between thirsting & degrading theyre  …
Ephesians 6:15 And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace; 6:16 Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
Be quer funny when Sinn Fein get in and don’t solve the housing crisis
Late #ff @smilinglllama Guy is creative, funny, and genuine.
All of @DarkZeroGG rn after the loss in 
Congratulations to our Regional Qualifers to El Paso Eastwood! 95 Diaz-Mesics 102 Munoz 110 Martinez 119 Garner 138 Gordon 148 Soria 165 Medellin 185 McCrary 215 Duran 113 Mota 120 Sanchez 126 Ford 138 Densmore 145 Salomon 152 Griwicki 160 Keller 220 
Knocking all the doors! Feb 18 is our primary in Wisconsin for Supreme Court and other 
My bitch BAD  … 
Thanks @paulwallbaby for showing much love to the brand! 
DON’T SCROLL WITHOUT RETWEETING THIS 
It's about time for #ANTIFA to be dealt with. How have we allowed these little dirtbags the liberty of walking around freely in ski masks while carrying weapons and attacking innocent civilians. Would you consider#ANTIFA a Domestic Terrorist 
. @Cannon_Mac08 is quick right out of the gate tonight at @Bubba_Raceway! He tops the charts in the opening set of hot laps with a run of 15.209 seconds in the @TulsaSodMulch No. 
Unfollow spree done, if you still followed, you are elite. If I unfollowed you and you want a fb, reply and I may consider it.
Me rationing that 8th 
Out for a stroll I 
race 
Birthday activities 
milf season is year long 
“Teetee you’re not making this easy!” Jimin exclaims through a frustrated groan of his own. Yoongi snorts, moving to sit down next to Seokjin but the elder pulls him into his lap, wrapping his arms around his waist. Yoongi allows him to, enjoying the contact.
Oh nothing. Just the president*’s rancid hell spawn confessing that his idiot father fired multiple tireless civil servants and true patriots for political and retaliatory reasons. They always say the quiet part out loud. Because they’re dumb as  …
proud 
The cycle 
I always find it difficult to start with new buttons and input. And so the tutorial was quite difficult, but fortunately Rami always helps with infinite patience to get the settings right for me. I'm beginning to learn a bit and in short: I am looking forward to it
Are ye for real? Did you really not see the exit  …
Well Done Sec. Pompeo Is Doing This WorldWide!
DRAKE ANDJOSH IS TRENDING! EVERYONE STAY CALM!!!
This shabbos i met the soldier who personally caught the murderer of the Fogel family הי״ד, and tbh this was the chizzuk i needed. Shavua tov
Let the show begin! Step back in time with the "New King of Vegas" @mattgoss as he takes the stage tomorrow night @TheMirageLV.  
Been here, there and everywhere and loving the game more than ever! Have a good life with @Dudeitsbecca in Houston and looking forward to 2020! Thanks @BlockaDutton &  …
+2u Youssef Zalal Straight perfection from Zalal. Dude looked like a -500 favourite. And I got him at +200. Great start to the night! #UFC247
when I log on to see y'all criminal 
: I like u : je t'aime bien Syrian : Lk tidrab ya 7mar
People should know that Midsommar does not accurately depict what all people in Sweden are like It depicts what all Canadian people are like
#scumcast going live in 30 min! Catch the show here  
 to the UFC, Youseff Zalal! @MoroccanDevil35 gets it done in his debut! 
An independent catholic church in Florida has allowed two registered sex offenders to be priests — and there are no regulations limiting their interactions with children  
I love my city man 
Sometimes the healing hurts more than the wound
It’s the 13th & final day of #UTSJournalism’s Regional Reporting Project & our New England team has seen two weather extremes in 24hrs. They’re leaving #TamworthNSW via @TrainLinkNorth coach after the rail line was flooded at Werris Creek. Looks like rain all the 
Well, @sandicheekspv sure woke up the pole vault world, clearing 4.91m or 16’1.25”, a MR, SB, Photo by Jeff Benjamin, Millrose, Feb 8, 2020, @millrosegames, 
 …
the video has me screaming, did she just give up & walk away? 
The way these US promotions for this album are continuing to make it challenging for Monbebes to see Monsta X is so disheartening. How are non fans getting a better chance to see them than we are?
In 1992 Jan Graham a Democrat in Utah was elected to the Attorney Generals office  the first and ONLY woman ever elected to statewide office in the state even to this day. On top of that Graham is also the LAST Democrat elected to statewide office in UT. 
#UFC247 results: Youssef Zalal def. Austin Lingo via unanimous decision (30-27, 30-27, 30-27)  
Hello
when my hot water in the shower turns cold  …
We weren't going to post this one... however.... 
Stick with Biden. His momentum is getting ready to explode.. trump is trying HARD to tarnish and destroy him. Don’t forget @JoeBiden has been through a lot more than trash talking trump! He’s got this #Biden2020
#Venom2 Set Photo Hints at Spider-Man on the Run  
Today was a day and I’m so proud. Elisa went to the semifinals and lost in triple OT. Then she went on to wrestle in the consolation round and was leading 3-2 until she landed funky on her head and they called the match. #proudmom #wrestlelikeagirl 
I have been super disinterested in TV lately I cannot figure it out ... maybe a good thing?? I think lady Gaga is a really interesting artist btw
The wins are on the way.
Always love retreat day with these goofballs, the talented, dedicated board members of the Indiana chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists. (Photo by Robert 
Served As The Youngest Delegate Today At The Confrence Representing The Prestigious Zeta Zeta Chapter
HTTYD: The Hidden World Oscar Nominees Dean DeBlois, Brad Lewis and Bonnie Arnold joined their fellow Best Animated Feature nominees today at the Academy's Samuel L. Goldwyn Theater for a panel and Q&A as part of Oscar 
Go #Heels!! Wearing my Carolina socks! And looks like that spread was wrong @LucasFoxNews (but thanks for the reminder ) 
Did you know the human trafficking hotline went straight to the Clinton Foundation?? Polaris= trap for child/human trafficking...
Dinner and a movie on us! Use Apple Pay on an order over $10 and we'll email you a credit for a free movie rental on the Apple TV app.
i think about this a 
I fuck up because I show the love before I see the loyalty ..
the new Ratatouille movie looks  …
I watched what happened to the @1IronMan2020 account in real time as it was suspended from the targeted reporting. This could now happen to any of us on this platform. Please amplify, ask @TwitterSupport to correct this and reinstate the affected accounts, #BringBackHeroes !
#rainbowsix #rainbowsixsiege #siege #fortheempire #si2020 Lost the third map. Score: 
This is absolutely scary how they declare an absolutely incredible editorial video as ‘doctored’ and demand that they take it down. Make sure you get a chance to read this  …
a thread of the little penguin 
Leather jackets? Ciara’s bike? A beautiful sunset? Each other? All the ingredients for #CinOnTheRun #Cin 
y’al were used to being the rule, not an exception. “just people.” the argument of being “just people” didn’t occur to white people until they became  with being called white. now it’s, “why don’t we throw away racial decriptors as a whole” & “i don’t see color.”
Sis talking to Snoop as if she's Al Capone or sthg If he was the one saying "you will lose and it won't be pretty" you and your woke gang would call for his  …
i just thought this was someting about the carpool karaoke 
people really expect me to trust someone who, immediately after having serious pedophilia allegations against her, responding by rebranding her whole account into how much she loved sexualizing babies, just because she said "haha for real those accusations were fake" months later
stockshow 
i dont even need to give him a boyfriend let me give him MY 
Growing up, my mom would make a full Indian dinner every night and we’d eat while listening to harmonium music on a tape player. Tonight my kids are eating Indian takeout while listening to the Aladdin soundtrack on Alexa. I’m gonna go ahead and call this a 1st generation win
Petition to make all men Jerry from Cheer
When I make meatballs for 
Niggas gone hate ok I bet dat 9 make his ass lose weight 
This was tweeted in a Russian  …
The GENERAL returns to INDIANA ‘s Assembly Hall  …
baseballs
I took Nana out for dinner downtown, was nice to see Nana fox again and get her out of the house!! Been the first time (other than church) that she's been out of the house since her husband passed, so she felt really good about that :3
DID THEY JUST ZOOM IN ON #CLERITH?!!! LMAOOO SE aint even subtle anymore  …
An awful lot of soft left well meaning Labour members need to ask why Starmer is not illiciting such a response from a section of the PLP who have never reconciled themselves with a socialist  …
A real privilege to give #Crewmanager Kev Wheeler of #Leigh #fire #station #blue #watch #retirement speech tonight all the best for the future Kev #Essex #ECFRS @ECFRS 
Screaming vaginal infection but I get it lol
DO NOT EMBED FROG. FROG WILL ONLY SLEEP IN A LOCATION OF ITS OWN CHOICE.
O.M.G. He just put them on notice!!!
Scheierman getting crafty! 
The fact that I have this wig and can do this look tonight if I wanted  …
Who has had at least one #marklightshake for all 35 of our seasons? It’s a small group. We think less than 10. This is David  since 1977! @CanesBaseball @MiamiHurricanes @univmiami @darrenrovell 
Winner! Message me to 

patreon colored sketch for 
I'm personally against Bernie or Bust. But if you're elevating Bloomberg because folks say they'll vote him but not Bernie/Warren in a general, you're sending a message to the left: extortion works.
When he’s right he’s  …
Prey is one of the only games where I have seen genderswapping the protagonist go right. Morgan Yu  the same no matter which one you pick. Same skills, same intelligence, same personality and dialogue. It blows my mind each time I play the game and I love it.
Beautiful and sunny day for hike in ABQ! 
Team Canada qualifies for @Tokyo2020 Olympic Games with victory over Sweden . Read more:  #WeAreTeamCanada #StandOnGuard 
Kiana Rollins @krollins223 breaking the school record in the 100 meters dash with a 11.88  – at Cypress Ridge High School
Top right one is HEAT
Robert Conrad, Star of TV’s ‘The Wild Wild West,’ Dies at 84  
I took my twitter off dark mode and it immediately became such a happy place
Does anyone listen to podcasts? I just started listening to them during  but i’d love some 
Winner @DISupdates, @michaelself gets it done for the second time in his career here! 
next boyfriend will be hot and will wait on me hand and foot
Big hit from 
this look is 
I love my boomies 
doodle and 
You guys have NO IDEA how excited I was at this Y&R/GH mashup... such a great night seeing all these amazingly talented women and celebrating  …
A thread of every single Self-made Watford error this season- no blaming VAR, simply our own mistakes #watfordfc
do you ever accidentally get drunk... oops
Today is the anniversary of @MarkedKeys First Popup shop and the most important/best day of my Life. @quistothecity , @CharlesUniverse , and Eye was OUTSIDE 
idc how much money he has, I WANT MY OWN
reminder that you can still order mags's stickers!!!! the koala set is being sold for a very great cause which is donating to the australia wildfire relief fund, all under yunho's name for his birthday. and the stickers are all really pretty so why not?  …
5k!? IN THE TRI-STATE!? Where’s the goons who wanna make a name? Where’s the soldiers at trying to get a piece of this prize!? You’re always judged by how you perform on LAN and if you ain’t got a name, make it HERE, if you want the fame... FIND IT HERE! No better place@to  …
Me when I learned @ChrisMeagher didn’t book a 6th Sunday 
So let me get this  @KyleBusch the 2x Cup champion who does anything he can to win to Dale Sr. is considered wild, but y'all want  a driver who just made her first ARCA start to him? Y'all gotta lay off the wacky backy kids. #NascarOpinion
Full Moon 
Dominican and Haitian culture roots are european and african. Many of us are true biracial children.
EVERYONE KNOCKS DOORS ON THIS  …
Thank God For Life, Health and Strength
would read, or ghostwrite, memoir by the vindman twins
Copy and paste article from 2015, replacing Jeremy Corbyn with Rebecca  …
It’s real MEET THE WOOOOOOOOOOOOO 2 hours.
If any of you Indiana State and Illinois State fans are as excited as the Blackhawks fans to hear the anthem tonight, now you can get even more excited! The Anthem bobblehead is here and available for purchase online:  
doodling a design i got from @thotcore a while 
six in may: vicki will be retuning for one show as seymour! me knowing i cant go cause i’ll be sat in an 
I keep using my shuttle, the Pisces was a great addition, not the fastest but very nimble 
All of a sudden - like *overnight* -  section of the WaPo was filled with pro-Bloomberg posters. And it isn't just a few, the place is swamped with them. I suspect Bloomberg is paying a large social media staff because stuff like this doesn't sprout overnight.
Twitter - please help my shout. I’m #autistic. I’m not #Livingwithautism. I’m not #TouchedByAutism. #autistic is simply a version of #human. It’s not a fault, a disease, or a tragedy. It doesn’t need a cure. #thankmelater
Tricia and I really enjoyed our anniversary dinner at this new restaurant downtown Cincinnati this evening. Beautiful view of the water and fish in the Ohio River. #Bengals 
Hot chocolate must have marshmallows 
NO FEATURES NO SWEDISH SONGWRITERS NO TRAP BEATS 100% PURE UNCUT GOLF 
We can't wait until @TheAcademy awards consider #BestDirector not by gender (male), but by talent. There was a lot to chose from, but they refused to watch more than a handful of their buddies movies. So, it's the same few dudes getting nominated. Agsin.  …
Let’s help get this incredible woman there.  …
If I changed, I became a better version of 
Now on ⁦ @TSN_Sports⁩ ⁦ @NBATVCanada⁩ ⁦ @KateBeirness⁩ & myself talking ⁦ @Raptors⁩ ⁦ 
Kuwait's Speaker of the National Assembly, Marzouq Al Ghanem, casts a copy of Trump's #DealOfTheCentury into the "dustbin of history." #Kuwait has remained the GCC state most supportive of the #Palestinians and most critical of #Israel. It's active parliament is a key reason  …
We been turning wrenches all day but we got it running great. Hadn’t been started in over ten 
This had 10 downvotes within 10 seconds of upload and I'm  about things I didn't even  close to mentioning in the review? People confuse 
If you’re in  come it’s a  …
Wrong account
Different than prosecuting. Think what you want but criminalizing disagreement is unamerican. If you dont get that...forget  …
ive decided to never leave my house again for personal reasons
My daughter told me this joke: How many Republicans does it take to change a lightbulb? NONE! Trump tells them it's fixed and they sit in the dark and applaud him!
the way he did that I- #jinu 
“where’s melody” “thought that was kim k” “h&m music” “nicole up to her old antics” “back up 
fuck all your free time 
OMG-trump is canning EVERYONE that was working at the time of his "perfect" call just to get those who told the whistleblowers 1 & 2!! Funny how INNOCENT people would NEVER do this! @realdonaldtrump #VindictiveDictatorTrump @ewarren @RepSwallwell @funder @MollyJongFast
Defense leads to... a bunch of cool things happening #d3h 
. @TeamLiquidLoL after that 
Another day, another unprovoked,  from Kevin  …
In 23 games as a head coach, Juwan Howard now holds wins over Mark Few, Roy Williams, Tom Izzo and Matt Painter — four coaches ranked No. 1, No. 2, No. 8 and No. 15 in winning percentage among active college coaches. Not bad.
A hero...Please nominate him for the JFK PROFILE IN COURAGE AWARD ONLINE  …
One off the lead heading into Sunday. We’ll see you tomorrow! 
Today was not at the top of my list. 5 flight delays 2 cancellations and a 1 hour flight that took 8 hours. I’m in East Tennessee now so it’s  …
how did my cutting board just cut in half ... i lost today 
THAT'S MY QUARTERBACK @pjwalker_5 | 
First goal of 2020 is lit 
Love you Pops  …
#JONGHO: on all levels, including physical, i am 
I'm blessed with some very talented friends. Melissa Silberman crocheted this beautiful afghan for me. Check out the intricate details. I'm blown away by the amount of time and creativity that went into making the 
no puedo esperar a enseñarles el fashion brand that I’m working on San Juan moda eat ur ass out
129 Shoutout to my ex. #DonKissFam 
Jessica, is that you? Scoobs says "they're here and open for business" looking for discrete, blue chip events filled with wealthy investors, because you can never have too much money ya  …
Count ya days  …
I know a lot of people don’t like em, but I do love Eleanor and Chidi.
Heal & Love every inch of your self
Just landed at Cardinals spring training. Looking forward to seeing how new addition Scott Cooper from Boston handles the hot 
okay but where did the flight missing  from because I could deadass just be like Changbin is growing a goatee and stays would believe me
Today's viewers records in leagues/events (Peak Viewers in Group Stage): #LEC - 476k viewers #MPL Indonesia - 476k #BLASTPremier - 390k #SixInvitational2020 - 158k #RLCS NA - 154k @LEC @RLEsports @R6esports @BLASTPremier @MobileLegendsOL
What is the correct terminology for this color? 
Nobody: Nobody at all:  …
RT por favor! Gracias 
women are subconscious lesbians and also p*dophiles so acting like a flamboyant child once in awhile is the key to attracting them, there you go, secrets out
Great hang with @DieterRuehle and seeing @PeteCannarozzi @NJDevils tonight! 
Woooo we beat TL!! It’s been a while since I’ve been able to do that. Happy about our progress so far ^^
Are we sure he was joking  …
ZOE NOWICKI BECOMES THE FIRST NATIONAL CHAMPION IN ADRIAN COLLEGE WOMEN’S WRESTLING HISTORY!!! Nowicki got a fall in 2:07 of the first period at 136 pounds to win the WCWA National 
SubhanAllah everytime I see a Muslim with tattoos my first instinct is to judge them but then I remember that the hadeeth that make tattoos haram also made plucking eyebrows haram (and I still shape my brows) so I need to humble myself. May Allah guide us all
People be like "Bakugo has no development" while being stucked on his early season 1 self, yes we get he was a bully, he said something awful. Don't ignore his development for that, he's been developing since the  …
Saw this on the nova team fb today 
The Wind Advisory has been updated which now covers the time frame Sun 4 AM through Mon 4 AM while being expanded to Modesto. The strongest winds are expected Sun afternoon into the night with Valley gusts 30 to 50 mph, likely reaching 60 mph in the mountains. 
via teddy 
Tomorrow at Santa Anita, @TVG @BreedersCup Juvenile winner & Eclipse 2yo Champion Male Storm The Court will make his 2020 debut in the San Vicente Stakes! Here's the latest update from his Trainer @EurtonRacing! Watch Race 7 live at 3:30PM PT on 
He does have great eyes to make contact with & now he has seen my face he can dream about me so
The @Yankees are...
. @NickForVA to me: "You never change your principles. You just find a way to make the particular issue relevant to the person that you are talking to based off of their own unique experiences. And it’s not that difficult if we would just take the time."  …
Mom when wasn't a mom 
How can I learn to be as unbothered as Yoongi? @BTS_twt 
I have worked damn hard for my "I can", for recognising my abilities, skills, the things I add to my own life and the world. I have worked damn hard for my "I can't", for allowing myself rest, boundaries, and the idea of myself as acceptably non-superhuman. Don't deny me either.
The plot thickens, it looks like she’s also one of Tana’s friends 
Tonight’s the night, if you weren’t invited to @nayelly_nails party... sucks
Y’all I don’t usually get hype over pictures of myself but this one goes crazy 
Literally everyone Literally everyone else Dunking on Bob Chipman being  …
Plane makes emergency landing on Sunrise Highway, LI. No injuries; pilot praised for his skill c 
WOW: California City  First to Ban Background Checks on Rental Housing and Apartments  
not ANNA, ANNE. WITH AN  …
Awesome talk with @SimonEsler who has a new  out on @OnEdgeOfWonder called Worlds Within #MetaphyicalActivisim 
I got a call-up for 11v11 in our @OakwoodSCG in-house game today. This is me at  about not getting the ball enough. 
Beauty day for Pond Hockey in Gravenhurst Best of luck to all players and teams #hockeydayincanada 
⠀⠀ ⠀⠀، ♟ : 𝚍𝚎𝚌𝚊𝚐𝚘𝚗 (𝚓𝚊𝚟𝚊) ✧ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀، : 𝚣𝚎𝚒𝚛𝚊 𝚘𝚕𝚎𝚣𝚒𝚊 𝚎𝚕𝚕𝚘𝚒𝚜𝚎 𝚊𝚕𝚝𝚊𝚛𝚎𝚓𝚘𝚜 𝚌𝚑𝚊𝚞𝚜𝚜𝚎 ✧ ⠀⠀⠀최지수. 072100. n/sfw java. dollhouse!au. fil/eng temporary face claim ⠀⠀ ، 
Ahhge, the End of An Other Dayé, Timbe to Go Honking Bonkors and then Curl Up in Mine Litdol Iglooé with mine Grean Blamket and Sucklinge on it like an Babey, Befoare Slepeing... it a Good Daye. Goob Nigte Frendos, Hav Sweate Dreambs.! 
If you've only won one world cup, aren't you kind of embarrassed about it? Why keep bringing it up?
target a few years ago! i dont think they still have them but heres a link to a fairly similar one!!  … its the second pic 
You have NO idea how fast my HEART beats When I see you..
do you ever feel like crying when you see ten dancing passionately on stage with a big crowd of purple lights creating art with his body every seconds of his performance. feels like a dream 
It’s a very good thing to have @helen_maroulis back on the wrestling  …
HERE. WE. 
Guess who gets to cut at bronner brothers hair show tomorrow
FOR SHAME mocking a widow's tears. No bone spurs for John Dingell when he enlisted at age 18. He holds the record for longest-ever serving member of Congress in American history, awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom which, unlike that pig Limbaugh, Dingell actually earned.
Hang tight & stay safe out there for the next few days boys & girls! 
sorry, but how is it acceptable for the IDP to not correct its extremely basic but glaring mistakes (e.g. of the "oh, 50 IS greater than 31 after all" variety) "before MONDAY" when they've been documented extensively since Wednesday?
The 1997 Venom script by David Goyer has found its way online.  …
Trump is a 
she wouldn’t do that if they didn’t have a song together, would she? this means i was RIGHT all  …
jooheon makes my heart go:
As my wife looks at the makeup aisle at Target, I tell her I’m going to go look at the electronics. It reminds me of when I was a kid, and I used to tell my mom I was going to go look at the toys while she did grocery shopping.
Can we get Beyoncé to see this? She SNAPPED!  …
Super Varsity Division II Final Results 1st – Bullitt East High School #UCAnationals
here's the real 
Just got word that Pom took 1st place at State. Making the Husky Nation proud! #huskyproud 
meanwhile me  
Titans going with a change in the starting 5 for tonight's game at NKU #DetroitsCollegeTeam #HLMBB 0 - Antoine Davis 2 - Justin Miller 4 - Dwayne Rose Jr. 12 - Brad Calipari 21 - Chris Brandon
Brooke and Lamar 
If you're threatening to leave the party if any one of the candidates wins the leadership... You can't also claim to believe in a broad church.  …
i always ride for a logistical man who represents the working class over a neoliberal scumbag who can’t get it up & speaks in platitudes (yes, the gays have gossiped to me and buttigieg is impotent) like the tweet & sign up to canvass if u 
Best early game of the year gets us our #100WIN! GGs to @TeamLiquidLoL, thanks for the beast mode Aatrox 
Everyone say thank you James 
that bitch aint no angel ill treat a halo like a frisbee
and the pictures of him cheating on his wife came out on his daughters 15th birthday
alright fine whatever 
I’m cute as fuck and no one can tell me shit ok 
Last F/A tweet for CDL ATL 4,995 PPs for next 1k Sub/Flex DMs are open, RTs appreciated.
Where you think wuhan is?
No joke, I'm enjoying the XFL more than the NFL for so many reasons.
oh u want some water? yeah sure grab a cup. this is really all the cups i own 
Now that's how you close a half! Bears hold OSU scoreless the final 2:49 to take a -point lead into the break. #SicEm | #1TGF 
veronica lodge laurel castillo ruining shows with their boring daddy 
Some art for @BeeismRblx! love your creations 
Call my old fashioned but I was raised to serve my man
Moment a van plows into a bus in Chicago, leaving 15 passengers hurt  via @MailOnline
We know one person who will be safe from the Coronavirus  … @rickyberwick
Texas has highest uninsured rate & the most uninsured kids in the U.S. This is the reality of Republican fraudulent "pro-life" policies: Aggressively defending right to life until very moment a child's first breath is drawn & not a single second  …
I realize that this is also a cop out. I am going to find a way to talk about this Democratic primary race. I do believe we need to be trying our best to give each other clarity. I can't do it today. But I hope it helps some people to hear others make up their mind.
Have you guys ever actually played for a basketball team? This is a fitness workout. He’s dribbling the ball hard for a reason.
anyway lets go back to 
Elettra knows she’s not getting a high place so she’s having fun with her performance we stan #sanremo2020
Has anyone seen this kitty 
The medical profession have been conned It's happened before Pre frontal lobotomies ECT Amygdala ablation (in the 80s) All turned out to be pseudo-science..
Good morning to my sunshines take care always and I love you @kyle_echarri 

cilantro is the best garnish fight me
I thank God for my mum and her prayers
girls really out here telling their mans he can’t go out but if you don’t trust him enough to go out why be with him?
my staff and our  about me playing 
it feels really nostalgic... today is the day san lang and I first met
been watching random gow cutscenes from old games, and i got the itch again... God of War 2: PS2 God of War 3: PS3 God of War 4: PS4 ... God of War 5: PS5? 
I have offended a small group of Louisville fans by saying Tomas Woldetensae is good at shooting. I feel like I have arrived as a sports journalist.
So, why have we all collectively decided that uintatheres look like rhinos? Look at that skull. Does that look particularly rhino-like to you? And yet, all reconstructions both old and recent give it rhino skin, rhino colour and rhino legs. (images W. Ferguson and D. 
They are doing this stuff folks and they have been doing it! Shout out to @eddiebravo for mentioning this connection on @TinFoilHatCast I just felt like it needed to be put into a thread  … END #Epsteindidntkillhimself #EpsteinCoverup
Replay of City’s first goal of preseason courtesy of 
it takes a lot to get me out the house, like i would rather be in  of my bed chilling than going out.
UNC went 59.4% from the field in the first half...
It's about time for #ANTIFA to be dealt with. How have we allowed these little dirtbags the liberty of walking around freely in ski masks while carrying weapons and attack innocent civilians?? Would you consider#ANTIFA a Domestic Terrorist 
When UNC is shooting 59% from the floor and 45% from the 
Really proud of our little crew that smashed out the @ABL Wild Card, Semi’s and Championship Series. Bloody long days without much sleep but the final product was well worth the effort. Hope you all enjoyed 
Winter in the 
Chilly dog 
Super Varsity Division II Final Results 2nd – St Josephs Academy #UCAnationals
That’s crazy! I never noticed 
Just like they don't seem to see the value in funding education has on our economy! But hey @UCPCaucus let's give O&G 4.7 billion tax break and pray for the  …
my brother is friends with the dude that played Freddie’s double in that one episode  …
Colleen m’lady...you’ve been lied  …
Patreon Colored Sketch for 
nobody tell user @ReputationWorld but my gay lgby ass has been baptized and has my first  
It's been real, Texas. We'll be back #Empower | 
Get 
He came 15 minutes early to pick me up. We went to the beach and walked on the shoreline, then went up to the shops and bought lots of merch and got caricatures drawn. Then we went to a cute lil seafood restaurant, and then the movies. Then got some henny and went to his hotel
If we get to 4000 followers we might have another game to give away. You might say it crosses new horizons.  …
I could be everything. But I just wana be me.. which is.. everything.
Well played @LAGladiators. It was a close game till the end!
Bring the fam & catch all the action happening daily @DTSantaMonica on the 3rd St Promenade! @santamonicacity can’t figure out why retail sales are down & stores are closing...it’s truly baffling! #SantaMonica #CA33 @GleamDavis @SaMoCole @SaMoMayor @TedWinterer 
When you see flags starting to be plastered all over projects in Scotland with the words "funded by the UK Government" and a union flag (and they will because the UK doesn't try to fix anything when plastering over it with a union flag will do), lets just call a spade a spade 
I’m gorgeous. F u  
This what Tony Stark would say 
Mom had fine gael as one of the options on the way to the polling station and it only took a car journey conversation to make her understand how corrupt they are and she saw the light , amazing what a two minute conversation can do
Read it and  …
Kitten With Bent Paw Has a Lot to Say About Being Rescued This was our most popular new post from the last week. So if you haven't seen it yet you really should take a look. CLICK to view >  … 
Gonna tell my kids this was “The Kiss” by Francisco Hayez 
It should be illegal to look this good. Took these really fast outside SSFC2 and they came out GORGEOUS. (jacket by 
I’m Catholic and consider him an illegitimate pope
XFL look good
Hamilton beat Basha 66-46.The night belonged to senior standout "Downtown"Jamar Brown as @jamar_brown2 led all scores with 27pts 3reb 2stl @OmarKnight18 11pts @galindoadrian12 8pts 3ast @Cris18883956 8pts 4ast  @TBird_Athletics @PimaMens_bball #huskyproud 
How in the h*ll do these propagandists get away with lying to the American people? There has to be laws their breaking, if there are it's time too start taking away their credentials. #MSM is dangerous to  – at Lake Anna
 for best 
The senate is an embarrassment to the United States citizens. The House is a great example of how the US should run.
A democracy where you can only feel represented by someone who "looks like you" is a dysfunctional democracy. Sadly, this is not only a US  …
Hand holding during  …
REGISTER YOUR PHONE TO THE 999 EMERGENCY TEXT MESSAGE SERVICE. YOU CAN’T TEXT 999 OTHERWISE. It takes less than a minute, and is extremely useful in emergencies where making noise is unsafe. (TEXT REGISTER, THEN YES TO 
She’s pretty crazy but I think that’s what I like about her
Another day done! GGs to @FNATIC, one hell of  against @FaZeClan. Not sure which games we’re on tomorrow but don’t worry - we’ll be there 
Unleash on them soon @realDonaldTrump .  …
i dont wanna go through anymore heartbreaks please
Retweet to congratulate @RyanJNewman and the No. 6 team! A fan drew No. 1 for their starting spot in tomorrow's 
Phenomenal piece by @DouthatNYT : The Age of Decadence - The New York  …
Inspired by a poem by e. e. cummings - "You are My Sun, My Moon, and All My Stars", the Starry Night Ring pairs perfectly with the new Shoot for the Moon Necklace to create a celestial-inspired look. Shop these and more moon and star designs at  . 
‘How did the date 
when a character vomits for a full min after finding out he slept with a trans woman, when they joke abt how stupid native americans were and mock their medical/spiritual practices, man... i can't. i can't get past it to find anything else funny.
Just booked our first vacation since Logan was born. Heading back to where we had our honeymoon for 6 days of peace and quiet! So excited for some R&R with @tegangiustra 
We are honoured to be invited to @MAORILANDFILM in New Zealand. Each March the Indigenous  together in Ōtaki, Aotearoa to celebrate Indigenous filmmaking at the largest Indigenous film festival in the Southern Hemisphere. #JusticeForColten @thenfb 
When the hatin don’t work ... they start tellin lies. . .
But then if you've already called them angel or baby and you stop because you're nervous, they might begin to wonder if they did something to upset you or make you  around them.
Congratulations to our U16 team on winning the @NortheastPack Regular season! Onto @penguinsrinks for the playoff in two weeks #MountUp
He presses a kiss to Yoongi’s temple without much thought as he hurries back to the living room. Yoongi follows after him, handing Jungkook a mug. “An elephant?” Namjoon yells and Taehyung lets out a frustrated noise while shaking his head no at his boyfriend.
Ewell vs Martinez is up next on @UFCFightPass!!! 
NOT true! Bernie is a sure loser once the GOP starts drilling his socialism into voters heads. People just won't vote for radical change. And, they've never thought about all the ramifications.
I’m all I got.
When you get out of practice and hear that @ElonMBasketball @ElonWLAX and @ElonSoftball all picked up 
Don’t be selfish. Going into separate ways for now doesn’t mean they are giving up. They need to give a space for each other to grow up while we’re fighting for the promise they’ve been lied to. You keep blaming him because he’s the first one to speak up yet you give tolerance
Seth Rich and the Mystery of Multiple Police 
A unique second-century #Roman gilded copper statuette of #Hercules, perhaps a portrait of emperor #Commodus who identified himself with Hercules; believed to be from Hadrian's Wall, near Birdoswald Roman fort 
Good Night I love Blake and Gwen 
“Well done everyone! Comhghairdeas Mary Lou and our leadership team. Martin McGuinness would be chuffed. Lean ar aghaigh.” - Gerry 
Gang of 33 illegal immigrants are caught in a lorry at Calais trying to FLEE the 
TL starting 2-3 is pretty shocking. Yes, they're missing Broxah but everything can't be pinned on Shernfire & they clearly need to step it up going forward to get back on form. Senna still feels like it's not a fit at all for Doublelift & TL needs more agency for him late!
“I don’t really care about personal  I just want to win. 35 points is great, but I would’ve much rather had the win.” @skluesner32 I’d choose to have Sav on my team any day of the week because she understands “we over me.” Proud of you...keep working  …
Google them on healthcare and climate change. In all fairness, they’re both pretty good on the not being trump part.
A memorial has been set up where two teens lost their lives in Clovis last night. Family and friends are writing special messages on the wall where the two crashed into. The victims were identified as Jack Schwass, 17, & Thomas Brown, 16. Both were High School students. 
Nobody: Mexican kids' 
Retweet the victory! It was a total team effort to defeat Grand Valley State today in a top three matchup. #EagleBasketballRules 
“We’ve identified a threat to groundwater across the U.S. from the mismanagement of coal ash at almost every plant in the country,” “The lack of government attention to that finding is very disturbing,” #KeepItintheGround #Science  …
We’re single and looking for love. Win our heart and we’ll treat you to FREE PIZZA FOR A YEAR Just Tweet us and tag @Dominos_UK and #DominosValentine. It could be a song, poem or anything else you think will make us weak at the knees. T&Cs 
Aston Villa's Jack Grealish 'will consider a summer move', and he's been 'linked to two Premier League clubs'. Latest transfer rumours:  
You dey squatt with your friends, you kon go dey give your babe spare key
DISCO FEVER I really like how the posing turned out. #Fortnite #FortniteArt 
tbh y'all shouldn't even write abt homophobia like at all, pls pretend it just doesn't exist because by the way some of y'all write abt it you're just making me think that that's just an excuse to use slurs
tony ferg is watching down in disappointment at all these failed darce attempts
cutie Draco fanart from #PuyoPuyo 
Penelope Cruz liked Suzy's very first tvcf with 
Gamers 
Congratulations to the HCHS Academic Decathlon Team! 2nd Place at the Regional Decathlon meet. We couldn’t be more proud! Way to go! 
uni-ls do this! 
Anyone interested in #Wetsuweten should know that AIMCO, Alberta's investment Crown, owns a majority stake in the CoastLink pipeline. @jkenney and every single Albertan are supportive of the RCMP attacks on protestors by virtue of ownership and profit. #ableg #cdnpoli #abpoli
When are you resigning like you promised Nancy?
China Anon posts the truth about #Coronavirus. The death rate is much higher than we are being 
Fun to be at the opening game of the @XFLRoughnecks today. Crazy good crowd! Wow, Houston is a football city. Of course, Mayor @SylvesterTurner is here to cheer on the team! Hats off to @houstonsportsJB and @HCHSA for all their work with the new team! 
They should make AirPods with wires to connect to your phone so that if they fall out your ears you don’t lose them
Seems appropriate for a meteorologist to stop by before the big winter storm arrives later tonight/tomorrow. 
UK poverty is at its worst for decades. It is a Tory policy that they're not about to reverse   
Yes, yes, green is nice Alice. But you must understand patterns. When did this start going green? What happened? Or more accurately, what didn't happen?
Aubrey Plaza ( @evilhag) brought out the Gay Men's Chorus of Los Angeles to celebrate the not-so-obvious LGBTQ moments in films nominated for the 35th annual Film Independent #SpiritAwards. Watch the celebratory 
She basically said this in her video. She wanted more, she wanted monogamy. Jake did not want  So she took what she could and went along with the tomfoolery. It's sad, Tana deserves the world
First Tik Tok and might be the last but I tried it 
So many dembots on this page. Nobody believes you anymore #NancyPelosiFakeNews
Sunset in Destin. In awe of God’s creation. ⁦ 
Will @andersoncooper & @CNN give Republicans a show declaring that there was never an actual Impeachment? What am I saying !!!! LOL!!! @CNN @andersoncooper have a narrative to push and are all Political Hacks that have to Hack  …
here's another portrait of a lady on fire shitpost, enjoy 
Throwback threads tomorrow #OnWisconsin » 
Dear Deathbed, the "secret" album droppin February 22 more 
 about your life. there are literally people living in prizren.
It’s a tragedy! But he still sucks and it’s funny to laugh at anyone who thought he was a real deal philosopher because reddit thought so
I am fragile not like a flower I am fragile like a bomb
Just an appreciation post for Geralt's 
Where is the defending Jacob trailer at??? 
You must have missed being taught who the KKK were in American history. ALL KKK members were Democrats. Not one Republican was KKK. Educate  …
it’s been pointed out that it is not friday. “time is an illusion. lunchtime doubly so.” let’s be generous regardless. love you!!!!
Or you can that spend time with your family 
sorry if i accidentally cut you off because i’m emotionally unavailable and can’t get attached due to the previous relationships i was in
at sea level, noticably behind his own 10 metre line, with range to spare. You'd hope there was some wind at his back just to be sure Jordie's  …
sadie adler if u see this, i’d like for u to beat me up. thanks
Minseok is so majestic  …
Greece Is at the Nexus of the Geopolitical Crossroads #EastMed #stability  …
Thought dis was some gas at  …
broken robin egg in the prize rose garden childhood secrets #haiku
How many NFL operations would have been better off following my dangerously wayward dart-on-a-dartboard 2018 Mock  …
My daughter photobombed me 
Eurovision  
250 proud, professional police officers had to protect 100 cowardly people. I am proud to have been one of those 250.
Ok yall. What is your FAVORITE type of YW medal? (Not limited to the 4 as seen here. Just using these as an 
Is Bettina suggesting that all young people should NOT be able to set their own boundaries? What is her point exactly?
things that turn me on, part one payment plans SNORRRRRTTTTT
About 250+ police officers protected them while they spewed their hateful rhetoric to "Take back America". Those 250+ officers were made up of mostly persons of color. About a quarter were women. A few identify as LGBT. There were only about 20 counter protestors.
I deleted an earlier tweet but I'll say this... Today I watched approximately 100 Nazis march through the streets of my city. They were all white, mostly men. All wore masks because they were too cowardly to show their faces. They marched while flanked and protected by police
Stop. Telling. Me. To. Sleep. This is the most REAL stray kids thing you do
Mirror mirror on the 
I think Trump saying on national TV that the KKK, Nazis and White Supremacists are “fine people” contradicts your point. And further more the GOP will never get the majority of the Black vote because you’ve spent years scapegoating and stereotyping Blacks. So go to  …
Solid run for @ThadMoffitt tonight, bringing home a P5 finish in his second @DISupdates @ARCA_Racing start @PerformancePOil | #PettyBlueTM
Great weekend for @ElonPhoenix!Another BIG WIN on the road by @ElonMBasketball.  …
I ain’t got to type y’all all bad bitches to me. 
sidewalk steppers ball last night looked like a 
#GodMorningSunday Watch ईश्वरTV at 8.30pm.daily or Read book "Gyan Ganga"written by Saint Rampal Ji 
wait is it narcissistic to send someone nudes to make them feel better
1 imagem 2 craques 4 gols em 
We here at the IPA are wondering if anyone else is disappointed with David Speers on Insiders. He sure is no Barrie Cassidy #auspol
UFC being on here nullified the entire list
Today’s cake for @Lorennnaaa1 
Well it's about Damn Time!!!! "All Request Saturday Night w/ Kenny Kidd" STARTS NOW!!! Only on  & @985WNCX 216-578-1985 #DrinkABeer #Kiddiots #Horns 
To those that are tired, this week will be over before you know it. Keep going. Don't let assignments defeat you!
Do you require that nationalists also be Science Denialists in order to be let in to your club?
Made my very own  this morning. First one is the one from Odettes eatery, the other 3 are pictures of the one I made this morning. Quite 
Do you, the world will adjust!
san lang...san langs... EARRING! #HeavenOfficialsBlessing #TGCF #天官赐福 
Of all the forces in the universe, the hardest to  is the force of habit. ― Terry 
Just horsing 
i am so invested in this  …
does ur heart ever just go a cup of tea
Last 
This is really disturbing. Clearly Frank McAveety and Glasgow Labour have serious questions to answer about their relationship with a Twitter troll so vile their account has been  …
She’s ovulating she doesn’t really miss you bruv
if PUMA didn't make the screen accurate sonic shoes available to purchase because they thought no one would buy them let me tell you this: i paid a stupid amount for these slippers (img 1). and they are slippers. WHAT MAKES YOU THINK I WOULDN'T BUY THE SHOES THAT ARE SONICS 
‘Trump explicitly politicized a soldier’s death’: President ripped for his fake 'patriotism’ towards the  …
A few stats: -49 schools in District 1 -12 girls weight classes -Mehlville took home 3 titles, with only 5  and took 4th as a team overall. You will see these 3 in Columbia in 2  for state 
how tf does my room get so dirty? i don’t even be doing nothing in here besides isolating myself from everybody
Former Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino hasn't given up hope of  Manchester United manager for next season. [Mirror] #MUFC
If you don’t think Duke  out hot against this trash UNC team you are blind. Hammer them 2nd half
always sunny in california but always on my 
Strong segment on @ABCNews right now about a tragic London stabbing. A young woman, a mother I think, was chased down an Australian street the other day & stabbed to death by her "husband". Any strong segments about that on ABC? Will surprise me if there was. #auspol
slow kissing in dim lighting to a nice playlist
I know I’m washed because my neighborhood has no places to get tattoos but one place to get tattoos removed.
Good 
Me and my unfinished art work staring at each 
Yoongi light study #btsfanart 
monitoring what u eat and consuming probiotics regularly so u develop enough  to deescalate your anxiety and depression symptoms and can go weeks without panic attackssexy
*tiiiin tiin* "THIS IS YERI" "I'M SORRY DARLING"
If you were one of the 15.5% for FG or the 13.6% for FF for the ages 18-24, you have literally tried to screw your own generation over for the next 5 years #ExitPoll
For a team that hasn’t been able to shoot well all season, UNC just shot 60% from the field in the first half. Absolutely working #Duke on the glass, and they’re moving the ball exceptionally well. Blue Devils need to lock down on defense and stop being so damn timid on offense.
got stuck in 
#Venom2 Set Photo Hints at Spider-Man on the Run  
Did you make it to Gill this morning? We've got the highlights! 
Don’t nobody really want  …
who’s 
The worst about being an international reader with low access to books is that when chain of gold is out it’ll probably arrive a month after the release and I’m awful at dodging spoilers
Everyone has their own sins. Maybe yours aren’t alcohol, clubbing or adultery. Maybe yours is simply thinking you’re better than them.... arrogance and ego, just like Iblis...
Easily the  half UNC has played this season. That looked like what many thought this team could be heading into the year. Strong front court, the grad transfers fitting in perfectly, and Cole being Cole.
Can I please get a Joey Baker missed dunk clip???
Big time effort from the boys there, putting @RyanJNewman P1 tomorrow for the  …
if you're having a bad day, here's hoshi being adorable @pledis_17 
My new public Snapchat - 
Yaman 
NYCACC ARL Saturday Feb 8 Thank you for your pledges Relisted: Duke $3024 Chip $930 Yogi $1193 Regal $700 Pete $1130 Sunny $753 Chase $510 + @venetianblonde $50 (grooming) Letter B $806 Canelo $608 Brittany moved to adoptions Safe: Squawk Gus Nico Colby Killed: Buko Luna
New artwork for sale! - "The Sun Hurts My Eyes" -  … 
That’s & for the #Noles in the 100 
this is what i want  …
i look cool, yea thats vmin and chungha. all that 
With results around the  in from today’s action, the Lancers have officially clinched their first bid to the GPAC tournament since the 2011-12 season! Fight for seeding begins now!
I hope the XFL has real success
Corny pickup lines will dead ass get my attention quicker than anything else bc I like to laugh that much lmfaoooo
I can't fucking stand it. I am a non-binary person. That means I am not cis. That means I AM TRANS. I am a part of  and I'm fighting for it. I am miserable and fucking furious that people I called friends would say I don't belong with trans people.
Reminder: if you miss the Saturn V you can still look at my pinned  …
They are beyond redemption. At this point all we can do is generate a massive blue wave to send them home after the fall  …
daisy 
Patriots connect with the 1.Follow me 2.Comment with your handle 3.Retweet this tweet 4.Follow all  and RT 5.Bookmark this tweet & keep checking for new followers. #CrawfordforSheriff 
ANYWAYS... just going to leave this here 
WATCH! Lindsey Graham Goes Scorched Earth In Defense Of Trump (VIDEO)  
THE BIG GAME... @_tjsmall @_EliteRon1 @DavonnMoore @Dmariwiltz1 @TheSaderSection @JasonMalbrue @BMHSHoops @StAugnola @VSNLouisiana 
Zero. I am not sponsored by @TheRokfin. I am a creator, however, and have tokens. This is not even an affiliate link. Go look around and see what you're missing   …
Because white people aren’t used to being racialized. They don’t realize that white is a race like any other race, because they don’t notice they use race to treat people as “other”. So when they get called white they feel “othered”.
U didn’t get caught nigha I snitched on you  …
not a cellphone in sight just living in the moment just 
It's not delivery, it's DiPression!
THANKS GUYS I FEEL THE LOVE TODAY
Yep, these are rebels! Revolution! With Saudi cars, US guns and Israeli air protection and medical support! Only a blind moron sees this as a grass roots uprising...Luckily the Iran/RU/SAA see them 
The leftists have nothing to offer, no arguments, so race baiting and name calling is all they got. All contained in Hillarys deplorable speech. I live in Europe, the same here.
Trust the process 
tatalie nation how y’all feeling tonight 
Code ‘FRONT’ for 30% off @GFuelEnergy btw #FearFront 
Highlights from today’s Greenwood 91-62 victory over State Ranked Milan in @MOHFBallClassic at BBC Aminu had 41/21/5 Grant Harper 20&5 Tommy Pinegar 17 Kaden Stuckey 7 
I’m pretty sure it came out that he didn’t feel fulfilled after the two championships. I wonder why?
I think it's fair to say that the Milanese fashion genes got clobbered... 
Journalism in Late Capital, just like theater in Classical Antiquity, exists as a function of the state. If the journalists suddenly starting reclaiming the full breadth of the English language, they’d inevitably muscle past the risible contraction that is a “conspiracy theory.”
He could still give you a good 29 PPG if someone would let him be the #1 option again instead of limiting his minutes and touches. He hasn’t had a chance to prove himself. It’s so sad.
 … Dems seem to have inconsistencies in their voting no matter what. Seems to me we best watch them closely in 2020.
Like I’m single single! Not worried about anybody sending a screen shot of my tweets single
200208 Ode to you in Manila Clap #세븐틴 #SEVENTEEN #문준휘 #준 #文俊辉 #JUN 
a sorta old pics but I just wanted to show my fursuit 
Most important, 3. FAT PEOPLE ARE NOT REQUIRED TO MODEL FITNESS IN ORDER TO GO IN PUBLIC, UNHEALTHY PEOPLE ARE ALLOWED TO GO TO THE GODDAMN BEACH
good thing there's another candidate with a chance to win the primary and beat Trump, who is neither of those guys.
The academics in my family support Warren in sort of a detached, thought-exercise way. They hate Trump, would like to picture Liz being prez, but their lives would be fine with any Democrat (they think). They miss the urgency of Bernie's movement & what it would do for my life.
eminem is 47 and does the same thing but y'all stay quiet and let it pass because he's a man
Big Home Win for our NINERS tonight as they end the season 12-1 at home!!! Great win overall as the team overcame a lot of one-sided calls for the Roadrunners. Overall, Charlotte is ready for the Conference USA tournament @CharlotteMBB @BarstoolUTSA 
. @dirtvision REPLAY: Jason Hughes sets overall quick time in UMP Modified qualifying with a fast lap of 18.212 seconds around Volusia Speedway Park! Heat racing  up shortly live on  
We’re going to do many more #boricuas4bernie events in 
Totally agree.....and you have to love the Brits for enforcing the STV system on us to help preserve the Unionist vote in 1918. How ironic ! Irish elections are like the Eurovision. The songs are crap....but the fun only starts when the votes are counted.
“Want a baked potato for tea?” “Nah mate,  …
To her she has rhythm lol 
If youtube wasn't my job I would not play #FIFA20, this game brings me absolutely 0 joy, it is the worst in the series, unbalanced, with 0 consistency and with those horrible servers..... this makes it the worst season of FIFA since I`ve played it online.
Global Warming in Turkey  …
Hire me to promote your books 
i HATE to be that person but the picture matt posted of dacre today in miami is from a while ago :( the pic on the left was taken a while back and the picture on the right was taken on a disposable camera meaning it took a while to get the pictures back 
Pug-a-Noodles 
“The pesticides problem is widespread, with toxic substances now present in the water, soil and air. In the case of the study region, the tapir acts as a ‘sentinel animal,’ as a warning sign of what is occurring in the  …
WHY DO YOU MEET THE BEST PEOPLE YOUR SENIOR YEAR
Wth Portland Police RETREAT From Protest Line After Antifa Thugs Throw Bottles, Eggs and Projectiles at Officers  …
The flavor in this. Chef's 
Whats sad is the  chinese govt has banned all faiths.. She has no one to turn to  no hope.. This is the cruelests of all.. When we need God, the human spirit cries out.. Father, help this woman & her husband. Bring healing to them.
Amazon’s Jeff Bezos interested in streaming rights for WWE  …
Parscale and the Daily Caller are sending out racist tweets about Warren. Republicans are fine with all of this.
Shordy look amazing both  …
Gawddamn, dudes gonna faint if he sees some of Melenomas ”modeling” pics.
Happy Saturday! We're LIVE early to play in the H1Z1 Solo tournament by StepOne! GLHF :D  
Nobody: White, able bodied cisgender men who act like that doesn’t give them privilege in every aspect of their 
Anti-vaxer who thinks all autistic people bang their heads and smear feces insults autistic person who doesn't. 
Lauren x Alina Baraz 
this kind  can easily give someone serious anxiety and more to someone who tends to overthink everything please let’s stop  …
There is soooooooo much going on in the softball world and it is only day 3 of the season!! Going to need to breath into a few paper bags to make it to June!!! 
Minions. Atleast the rabidz had actual fun games and weren’t milked for 10  …
2019-20 LCL Cardinal Division 
Love seeing all that blue and orange in the stands on the road! 
Here ya go! Some pics after the 
Finally back to working on this... #wip #art #fanart 
pre cotillion 
Mainly it's just funny how Nazis can wear masks and March in formation around the Capital but God forbid black bloc wear masks, they must be up to no good (like the cops and the fash don't actively seek them out to attack them)
Yes but PLEASE understand that your boss is not your supervisor or potentially even the store manager. It's the higher ups, the people that don't ever set foot in the building or do any of the work, that decide how many people get to work at each establishment
girl, it’s the way lori walked away like ain’t shit happen chile... lori, sis, I’m on to you... 
Me seeing how the world reacted to Shakira this past week and 
Man y’all kids might not know but @FINALLEVEL one of the coldest Motherfuckas on the planet
Just how we drew it up #Hawkeyes | 
Some of friends/family - Amit, your problem is you smoke weed. Stop doing it. Me: Your problem is you vote for BJP. Stop doing it. And start smoking some weed :) will give you clarity about how stupid and shit you are.
GET IT ONE OF THEM IS A DUDE LMAO  …
Game 1 is in the books for the @xfl2020! Hear our instant recap from @AudiField of the @XFLDefenders victory over the @XFLDragons  …
FSP 7v7 Game Week Locked and loaded! Boys ready to 
“I don't wanna go down any other road now, I don’t wanna love nobody but you” BLAKE SHELTON YOU JUST RIPPED MY HEART OUT OF MY CHEST W THIS SONG
S1| E8 - From the Nail @StanCottenWF's birthday present to JB was an appearance on From the Nail! Justin is the best in the biz when  to 
#Parasite director Bong Joon Ho after accepting his award for Best international Film at the #SpiritAwards: "After tomorrow I can finally go home. That's what makes me the happiest." 
In other words, if you’re a troll, I’ll treat you like one.
Make sure you @reply every tweet for maximum exposure.
this moment is so pure and warm i'm so proud of 
Caravan - In the Land of Grey and Pink! Classic Canterbury Scene! Released in 1971.. 
Concerts to go to: Post Malone & Swae Lee Brent Faiyaz Tame Impala Justin Bieber, Kehlani & Jaden Smith YBN Cordae Billie Eilish Trippie Redd Halsey Pop Smoke For tour dates/tickets visit  and promo code ‘CHIBZ’ for $20 off
Ok  …
And her reward for saving 130 lives is to have dudes like the OP post her on Twitter for cheap laughs & attention. Her reward for making sure 130 creatures don't freeze to death is the OP using his platform to insult her. If they were dogs, she'd be a hero
This is probably my favorite tweet of all time. Holy moly. So  …
YEEEEEAAAAASSSSSS DARKZERO LETS FUCKING GO!!!!! NA’S CHANCES OF A WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP JUST DOUBLED THIS IS RAINBOW SIX SIEGE #GOINGDARK
“Teams with inclusive leaders are 17% more likely to report they are high performing, 20% more likely to say they make high-quality decisions, and 29% more likely to report behaving collaboratively... a 10% improvement in #inclusion increases  …
Vancouver, WA. @NickRolovich co-pilot and nailed the landing. We are headed to @CougarAthFund Night with @WSUCougarFB. #GoCougs 
PF has an age cutoff. They prefer early 20s. If you're in your thirties or older don't bother. You should be white-passing. I've seen one PF member who isn't, but generally speaking you'd be in for a lot of scrutiny and would have to perform a lot of self-hatred to make it work.
Sure lets harbor every criminal while the good citizens suffer. No respect no care for the law abiding citizens. Just hand over our country to the illegal  …
Thank you so much for all the support on the most recent video everybody! I can't tell you how many people have said this is my best video yet and they're so impressed by the production quality on this one :) Arigato, you guys!
At the time I was an editor/social media manager (so I guess this was more like 5 years ago). My answer was something like: I will find you. And I will not work with 
Noah Baumbach shouts out to @AdamSandler while accepting the Robert Altman Award for #MarriageStory  
Also according to exclusive investigation of @dajiyuan , 1/3 people died at hospitals, 2/3 died at home during the #CoronavirusOutbreak in  …
Time to mass request ELF!! Please be kind when requesting! @MostRequestLive #mostrequestedlive @SJofficial  …
28-14-93 reunited. #PHIvsWSH | 
Kirill Ustimenko will get the start in net tonight for the #LVPhantoms. While with the @ReadingRoyals this season, he has a 18-4-5 record with a 2.48 GAA and a .916 save percentage.
Oh how the turns tables
goes viral for being a transphobe -> gets built up by the right wing media machine -> heat gets him book deals, speaking representation at CAA -> ends up overseas going cold turkey benzos with 80 pounds of pure meat clogging his colon It’s the “telling people how to live” guy
Somebody tell my bitch I miss her 

"If it wasn't for this damn duty, I'd be long gone from this shithole of a town. Then again, I'd also still have a face. Hrmph. Maybe things aren't so bad after all." (Music : Lights Out by Cities Last Broadcast) #screenshotsaturday #madewithunity #indiegames #indiedev #lowpoly 
I SEE YALL COMING THROUGH WITH THE NEW 
Now *this* is solidarity  …
[IKYMI] 160209 Airport Candids: Kyungsoo heading from Seoul Dallas as marked #도경수 #디오 #DO (D.O.) #DohKyungSoo 
u were in my dreams, it felt so real
Two IPOs and based on my initial analysis none fit my goals... Don't depend on IPOs
Groundout ends the inning but we're tied back up #Team24 
i like u, u like me, let’s just get together
Rashida Tlaib says she held Ilhan Omar's hand during Trump's speech  via @MailOnline >> Talib walked out after the medal was awarded to Rush. Another reason to celebrate.
IS THE TV SHOW WESTWORLD BASED ON EPTEIN'S ZORRO RANCH? Take a look at these creepy connections and decide for yourself. FYI: I'm assuming you have an in depth knowledge of what was going on in the tunnels of #EpsteinIsland. If you don't, this may get confusing. Let's 
Production Crew: How many #SpiderMan References should we put in these Venom movies? Sony:  …
If you need a laugh, read this from 2009 when the Leafs lost out on the Sedins: "Canucks did Leafs big favour in Sedin  …
Had a lot of fun today at Franklin College today. Big shoutout to @AlanHensell @CoachWerbe and the rest of #GrizSquad for showing me 
She 
Ya he reservado la switch de animal 
Everyone is saying pirate concept and I’m thinking 
Bitch, please
They look real to  …
Yet if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed; but let him glorify God on this behalf. 1 Peter 4:16 KJV
Today at the Big Gay Out  to a goal of ending HIV new transmissions by 2025. To support this, a National Government  a $1million of extra funding to the New Zealand AIDS 
when your phone passes the front facing camera exposure test #GradientBoys 
Not in a household of color...
stable 
summer walker listening to yikes  …
being in a long distance relationship can be a real bummer but it helps when your  to visit and brings you your favourite thing from your apartment back home. 
'Wanderers' by Neri Oxman & Dominik Kolb | The wearable sculptures were created using  growth process which creates shapes that adapt to their environment. "Starting with a seed, the process simulates growth by continously expanding and refining its 
Oil, Copper, and Bonds are telling us... Stocks are smoking in the dynamite shed... 
Ancelotti's face here Dunc and Mason Holgate onto it too 
Democrats want you  …
I want someone to look at me the same way Jordan looks at that cake 
LISTEN WE CAN DATE BUT IM NOT DELETING SOCIAL MEDIA FOR YOU
How to really use #Japanese 
Is living gay? Cuz at this point y'all think everything is gay. Is your masculinity so weak that you have to constantly worry? Cuz as far as I know man who likes men makes you gay. If you don't like men you shouldn't be worried  …
You’re cute or whatever, BUT DROP THE FU*K*NG ALBUM  …
therapist: you need  with your close friends me: I don't think I have any therapist: think of it this way: when something major happens in your life, who do you tell first? me: my twitter followers therapist: good joke me: yeah I was joking. it's actually my finsta.
“𝙄 𝙚𝙣𝙛𝙤𝙧𝙘𝙚 𝙩𝙝𝙚 𝙡𝙖𝙬,” ⌦ Journeyman Protector. ⌦ Captain and Medic of Cabur Company. ⌦ Loyal, Efficient, Talented. ⌦ Descriptive, Star Wars OC ⌦ Seeking SL’s, Banter, etc. “. . . 𝙣𝙤𝙬 𝙗𝙖𝙘𝙠 𝙖𝙬𝙖𝙮.” 
Currently manipulating data to make  environmental performance look better than it actually is haha I love my job
#LyingLiberals spew hate & lies at President @realDonaldTrump because he: puts America first defends unborn babies rejects destructive liberal policy recognizes @Israel's sovereignty 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Bold Pro-Life Christian 
“Nothing in this world can be more fearsome than the ruins of a man” Gabriel García Márquez
thank you for this amazing 
"Hi I'm Chris Chike from DanceDanceRevolution, and you're watching Disney 
NEW Trump 2020 'Elect The MF'er Again' Shirt from America First Media. Get Yours Today! Get FREE Shipping with code FREE at checkout! #Trump2020Landslide #Cult45 #Trump2020  …
My mom and I finally made the time to watch the @taylorswift13 documentary on @netflix .. blown away. I cried happy tears for all 85 minutes
Police: Van drives through Republican’s voter registration tent in Jacksonville  …
I got people that I love that I gotta distance myself from just cause their slimey. :(
2K Thumbnail Post Done For Client @DcuoLamonsta Like And Rts 
There is no blacker shadow side than mine.
there's something so personal about aubrey plaza standing in front of the bisexual lighting in a shiny two 
no one: quite literally no one: my last two brain cells at all hours of the day: elettraaaaaaa elettra lamborghini #sanremo2020
zoë made gus a shrine at the party so he’s like here in spirit and someone legit thought he was dead
hyejin not letting wheein live 
Pain is a messenger, it teaches you to change your ways, listen & troubles will melt away.
Before and after Leo’s first haircut 
"...with his single still in the top spot and his album in the second, Ricch was met with praise from both fans and the general public simply because, unlike Bieber and Gomez, Ricch didn’t have to  …
Once a Lope, always a Lope. Thank you to everyone that came out to the GCU Beach Volleyball Alumni Match this morning! 
Looking at the age profiles of voters and who they voted for in this exit poll theres no doubt that SF will lead a government here soon. Probably not this time because FFFG will do everything to stay in power
Awwwwww, i mean still powerful but, Damn i wanna see heads role to Giorno's theme
After careful consideration I have determined that 102 inches is the appropriate screen size for my living 
Billionaires could leave Earth behind 'for space colony' as 'climate collapses'  … #ClimateCrisis #ClimateChange
Light soon to be very bright Justice Must Be Done! Clear General Flynn! 
Colorado peeps, due to a snafu at the DMV, if you changed your address you may have been dropped from voter registration! Please check. In fact, checking for no particular reason is always a good 
daily i want a hollow knight tattoo tweet
Inshallah I meet my soulmate in jannah because I think I curved him in this dunya
oh lord
me when someone says beartooth is better than attack 
ollioxenfreee: Happy 10th birthday to the Gravity of Love Warriors 
Taking offers on Bonnie! I'll be pretty picky with offers but I just don't feel as connected with her anymore.  with all the art here plus a couple NSFW sketches, her reference is NSFW so you must be 18+ to offer! Offer via DM or reply!  
damn, wait until you find out what homophobia or transphobia is.
From the 757. Drafted 62nd overall in the 2006 NFL draft. Darryl Tapp is back in Blacksburg, but this time as a Defensive Line Coach after 12 Seasons in the 
Very excited to discuss diagnostic uncertainty and the importance of the clinical encounter with Dr. Tim Oberlander @oberlanderlab! Tune in to our @ChildHealthCan #SparkLive webinar on Feb  …
A time of life without Trump being in the WH.
You and Shift made a mockery of the House. There's that.
gratitude is a must 
And this one I pray to every 
Coaches. Thoughts on XFL? Love some of the rules. Kick off needs to be explored at all 
THE ONLY CONTENT EVER FOR THIS AWARD SEASON! CONGRATS FOR ALL THE CAST #SpiritAwards 
The one she wrote in 20 seconds and that’s on Getaway Car  …
ICYMI: LOOK: Snow in #Clemson:  
Cats wrap their tail to someone they think are important to them (evil cats think wrapping it to someone they own is okay) and I think yoongi is unconsciously... That is  …
Happy weekend you all. Doing some TS party things with @CorrosiveBullet & @BROZAY27x today. Come hang out!  
jennie kim as cats: a 
We went to @yuplifett Bacchanal Brunch .. I swear I had so much fun today 
This is, in fact, better than winning the Juno that I never  …
Trust me, you didn’t need the sign to make me afraid of 
Congratulations Quiz Takers! Over 40% of you chose Gallup as the Republican weighted firm. And you're correct. We, OTOH, are the Democratic weighted firm. Why you ask? We benchmark ourselves to 2 key consumer confidence indexes we must predict daily.  
Fucking insane. This Republican should never be allowed to run in our  …
This is fantastic news for Robbie, esp. after dumb doubts that no one would go see a "woman-oriented" super-hero  …
"my vagina started spitting blood at her" yes this absolutely a real thing that most definitely happened
Ok, then you've made your choice. Good luck.
JFC IAN. TAKE A LOOK AT THE VIDEOS BEING LEAKED OUT OF THOSE HOSPITALS AND LEARN WHAT THEY ARE BEFORE YOU TWEET OUT COMPARISONS TO YOUR $450/MONTH  …
Furniture
the fact that after this tweet no one questioned if this was actually a cis man is absolutely  …
dont you think it's time to move on? #homestuck 
"Ring the Alarm" cause one thing ima always do is  …
I am very happy; I will take Sunday off.  …
Here are the top skills you need to thrive in the Fourth Industrial Revolution, courtesy of the @wef. They just so happen to be the very skills required to be an #intelligence 
Who doesn’t love some @AFTunion & @nysut swag from THE @DCarlisto ? #fundourfutureny 
now whats with this ugly ass layout huh 
I got called a nigger on cod and I said how you know I’m black, this nigga said “I can hear your nigger lips slapping together” bro I been crying
Didn’t she used to teach children? Doesn’t she understand child protection? She banned disabled people from parking and shopping in Dockhead Street, Saltcoats. And now she blames the establishment, and not the predator. She has to go. She doesn’t represent me.
giving a nigga my all in my 20's is DEAD as nice as that sound i'll pass i'm getting my life together and healing at this point , catch me at 27 i'll probably reconsider
Iowa's shooting that half: 20:00 to 12:31: 10 for 15 11:54 to 5:11: 0 for 11 4:30 to buzzer: 6 for 9 What?
#rstats finally figured out a cell-centre to corner resampling for quadmesh/rgl::qmesh3d with pure R indexing, it's more consistent (see that edge black vs. red), and is MUCH faster than point-lookup with 
tw//corrective rape, conversion therapy. . . . . . . . . . . aspec people don't only experience corrective rape and conversion therapy. they face oppression from healthcare professionals as well!!
It is these men I mind: They are so jealous of anything that is not flat! They are jealous gods That would have the whole world flat because they are.
Come on #YangGang, you never expected Supreme to collab with @AndrewYang 
＊ EndlessSHOCK2020 ＊ #上田竜也 #EndlessSHOCK2020 #中丸雄一 
I can't believe it's been 9 yrs since i joined the twitterland n that was for one&only @BeingSalmanKhan my every tweet was,is and will always be dedicated to him Special thanks to all my old friends for being such wonderful souls throughout my journey 
I’m teaching a voice acting class again March 8th - this time live in  …
Monkey Reacts to FREEZE DRIED Mushrooms! (PRANK)  via @YouTube
me vs wanting ‘to make the most’ of my weekends w activities vs fuck that i just wanna lie down & go online vs no i should go out vs no bitch do exactly what u want to do vs is this bad to be in all weekend vs—
Niggas be putting in hours at the gym getting swole af just to get shot by a skinny nigga like me
Got some work to do. 18 points for Vern (6-7 FG, 6-7 FT) UNC's shooting 59%, 22-14 edge on 
They still apparently have no grasp of who they are dealing with, but I believe  weeks shall bring a whole lot of clarity to their perceptions.
Marc Chagall; ’The Two Pigeons’. Gouache, ink & indian ink on paper, 
Focused on having our best year ever. Ready to get to @COTA and get down to business. Just 3 more days. #INDYCAR // #READYTORUN // @autonation // @siriusxm // 
Wow. Sinn Féin ahead in every age bracket except "65 and over" (where their vote declines 
#Maryam #drtoolz #Ronaldo Believe in yourself Olamide speaking into existence 
"Haters" that have followed this club and spent thousands on this club all their life You've been here about 5 minutes Wind your neck in
Nobody: Me: ok let me just ask my parents if it’s ok
You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character #InspirationAsim
spotify barbz run those numbers 
6-straight wins for the Lady Toppers! #GoTops | 
bratty subs who do anything to make their dom snap and get angry? baby wanted to be punished from the very start, yeah? :( such a dumb slut, thinking i’ll give in and give them the reaction they so badly desire. instead they just get ignored and whine :( who’s cocky now huh?
First time @ARCA_Racing at @DISupdates: A runner-up finish for @HailieDeegan. Will she visit victory lane? 
This right here BAM  …
“There is no doubt in my mind that Senator Bennet would be the best President ... He would be by far the strongest general election candidate we have.” - 
iswear ive probably seen this already in some form 
"Kyle Clifford stole all of my sticks to sell in Toronto, but I'd love to give you this puck! " - Drew Doughty, probably 
thanks for being my escape 
ALERTA, VIRGINIA! White supremacist group “Patriot Front” will be camping tonight at Pocahontas State Park near Richmond, VA. CALL THE STATE PARK to make them aware that they are harboring violent racists at (804) 796-4255. Please use caution. This group is dangerous.
Lord Owen reveals plan to get rid of London-based elite after  …
remember them Struggle days wanting to network with bigger artist and couldn’t afford it !!! UnderDawg need a chance to get they shine if you ready better hit me before the end of the week !!! This yo chance to Get you a real Singer in the hook DM or Text 785-220-7613 
Dont think I’ve ever spent as irresponsibly as I did this wknd. 7 shirts, a homies plane ticket because he was broke, one handmade Discharge coke mirror, 2 gigs, one record, and a $480 GA right in front of the stage ticket for Guns N Roses. Take my fuckin wallet away from me.
#GodMorningSunday True Devotion to Complete God acquiring from Satguru is giver of All Happiness and Salvation. Watch वृंदा tv at 
I NEED THIS, LIKE, FOR REAL TAYLOR, YOU NEED TO HIRE SOFÍA RIGHT NOW  …
Amazing performance by Babymetal in Hamburg! 
A sensible move by @LiberalNSW @GladysB to consider blocking property developers from running for Council. Too many cost and dodgy deals have helped create the shonky construction debacle in NSW. @AlexHawkeMP once the legalities are checked please support or change the law
Coming off 41 saves in 2019, @Padres closer @KauaiKirby39 is The Shredder's top reliever in the game! 
Slate Money reminds of VW & mother of all short squeezes in 2008. Porsche had bought up bunch of options, which gave it control. Porsche & state Lower Saxony owned 94% of shares. Short sellers had borrowed 12% of ordinary VW shares & had to buy them back.  
let me find out you want to admire the moon with me dude
Joel Berry, you are always always always a favorite! @JoelBerryII
My mouth wants to do naugthy to 
If you want to know why Merritt Wever would physically hide herself from view on an awards stage please, PLEASE read this profile of her by  …
cancel culture makes you think someone is cancelled when in reality they’re still making moves. and sometimes cancel culture even brings more attention and fans to the table
I like Amy and Warren both very strong women.
ngl the girl ate him tf 
If you’re active but have less than 50k followers Kindly Follow,Retweet and Drop your handle let's follow you
Surrey Historical Society today presented a Certificate of Recognition to @jwaldag . Former MP John Aldag's support enabled the transporting and restoration of the 127-year-old Historic Anniedale School to the Museum Surrey heritage campus in #Cloverdalebc #SurreyBC 
listen it’s been four years since i started writing full-time and i still am 100 percent surprised every time one of y’all reads something i wrote or buys a book thank y’all a billion percent for  …
ME BUSTING OUT OF MY HOUSE TO CATCH THE NEXT TRAIN BECAUSE APPARENTLY NAMJOON’S IN NEW YORK 
SPLASH 
There are few enough countries where the  ( @tommytiernan) could so informally and intellectually discuss the world and all that's in it with the head of state ( @PresidentIRL) on the day we all exercised our franchise #TommyTiernanShow #GE2020
God be praised for the men of our church gathering today to receive the vision for 2020 from our ministry leader @Mhudson228! Don’t be deceived: men worship. Men work the ministry. Men serve God in life & faith. Let’s go 
i really miss you i really miss you i really miss you i really miss you i really miss you i really miss you i really miss you i really miss you i really miss you i really miss you i really miss you i really miss you i really miss you i really miss you i really miss you
dub season 
tiny viola heart guys this bb is ONLY £6 +ship she deserves the best loving home ever.... will u give it to her? ~ rt to support a small business! ~ link in bio and 
He won’t play tonight, but D’Angelo Russell was getting up shots a few hours before tonight’s 
Its not rent free just affordable rent & not sharing a bed, 3 crammed in 1 bedroom or a bed in a kitchen they  …
Thighs. A hot, fried thigh is the closest thing to God.
wow Birds of Prey is one of the best movies I have seen in years
kmart in Kanawha City should be turned into planet fitness.
soft domestic akeshu for the cold and cruel world #shuake 
For a $30,000 personal loan with a five-year term, an applicant would pay about $3,500 more in interest and fees just because they went to Howard instead of NYU. That's very, very  …
Heard on the radio a recent twitter poll results showed 50% of Americans would leave their partner if they won the lottery. Basically if you purchase the winning ticket & don’t leave.... your spouse will.
Got this beauty today "... strong enough to get it wrong... fearless" Fearless - @Louis_Tomlinson #LouisTomlinson #Sunflower #Fearless #Walls #Tattoo #NostalgicForYouth 
TAKE A PICTURE WITH HIM!!!!!!  …
The Elmhurst men’s track and field team totaled 66 points to place fourth at the University of Wisconsin-Parkside 
Y'all, @JulianCastro is such a class act and so dedicated to advancing positive change. I'm so grateful and glad he's working with @ewarren for her campaign and will keep lighting all the proverbial candles for my dream Warren/Castro  …
die in a happy  …
You should seriously consider banning this individual from your  …
Please deny NY's request for congestion pricing approval that will cost it's citizens a billion dollars a year. @realDonaldTrump
We held a special dinner for the players and their moms in Phoenix last night! 
Maybe #StormCaira [ #StormCiara that is] might blow this across Twitter and we get the 100,000 signatures needed overnight... Seriously -  …
Looking fabulous in red plaid for #ValentinesDay  …
we hav balloons, a birthday today 
Lovely evening Paul. Thanks  along. Really honoured to dedicate the evening to memory of our good friend  …
So my grandma just asked me if I blocked her on twitter cause I Have an OnlyFans lmaoo. I’m like lady I blocked u cause u nosey, bye!
Falling off the Raft 
PurpleDogs advance to the National Cheer Semifinals in Orlando!  – at ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex
For the non-Arabic speaking people, it means chicken kids
Great Junior Day at @LafColFootball! Thanks to @RichYahner @Teamwali @CoachSeumalo for the amazing experience 
Everyone at Fort William FC would like to congratulate Connor Moore who made his first start for the club at 16 years of age 
my apologies to everyone on the very FULL southwest flight 5635 to bham, our entire team couldn’t shower after the game so we could make it on time. #sports
oh to be the hand running through noémie merlant’s hair 
Facebook prepares to fight IRS crackdown on its 'Irish tax shelter' in court battle that could cost  $9BILLION in back fees  
Frida Kahlo photographed by Carl Van Vechten in New York, 1932. See more images here:  
“An interactive museum dedicated to words and language is opening on May 31, 2020, in Washington, DC. Planet Word is designed to educate visitors about language, with exhibits focusing on the spoken, sung, and written  …
LATINAS STAY WINNING 
After starting at the back of the pack thad managed to drive it up to P5, what an amazing 
Long known Michael Moore is not great. But @chrislhayes is shameful. @msnbc disappoints me more hourly.
I need to start scuba diving again. Being underwater is extremely peaceful. I need it.
Thank you for the pic! You did amazing last night! Hope to see you again soon! @BiancaBelairWWE 
I'll never take my curves for granted 
*squints* I'm finding the query letter easier to write than the synopsis. Am I... doing it wrong?
harry styles after writing fine line (the 
Conference champs proud of this team and all our hard work  …
I am in search of 4 more paypigs to add to my Kik group. Please message me if you are interested! $5 tribute must be paid to be added! #FinD [•Findom •Feet •Paypigs •Finsubs]
THIS IS FROM THE SET OF VENOM 2 OH MY GODJD THE CROSSOVER IS 
Haters keep sucking im abt to cum!! 
Will the middle east  them? 
In case anyone is on a hunt for this retro gem, @GG_FeelAFear is selling these on @shoryukendotcom trading outlet!  
Rich people are FREAKING THE FUCK OUT about Bernie bc they see money as an expression of their moral superiority, whereas regular people know money is a means to an end. Bernie's policies force rich people to face the fact that they're not morally superior, but are greedy jerks.
Photoshop became president  …
if only betty wasnt the straightest person on riverdale and they would meet in the woods to have a secret date yup 
Have to laugh when Irish people with Norman surnames try to tell me to go “back to Britain”, like they have any more right to be here than anyone else, headers.
Lake Erie College Football just got a lot better today #FORMTHE2T0RM #RageOn
Note: That chart from CAP overstates monthly job growth in Trump's first three years. The monthly average is 182k. Here are the totals:  
Get out of the way or get run the fuck over  …
Vindman was brave enough to carry shrapnel in his body for our country. You aren’t even brave enough to tweet under your own name. Pathetic.
I GOT THE BUST! Thank you to @RingCentralDevs. 
PLDT crushing the Kick performance at Section 3AA. Wow! Well done 
In France recently I made a quick stop at the grave of Major Oscar Miller. In Sep 1918 he led his Battalion in an attack against heavy MG fire in the Argonne Forest, refusing to stop despite being shot in the leg, arm and abdomen along the way. He died a few days later. Brave 
Amber Heard's supporters are just as wacko as she is. Anyone who supports a person who speaks about being a dv survivor but in fact is a abuser themselves need to be on medication because they're all crazy.
The darkest of times .... WTH is wrong with BetoBoop? He’s clearly never had any real suffering in his life if he thinks this booming economy and low unemployment is a bad thing. BettyBeto should go back to eating dirt cause he’s not got 1 brain in his ignorant head!  …
BREAKING NEWS Sad day. RIP Robert. You were a badass in your  …
Very funny @WWEonFOX...very funny...(for those who aren’t picking up I’m being sarcastic...who runs this account anyway?)
don’t wake me up from my naps . i take my naps SERIOUS
RED DEAD REDEMPTION 2 #RDOnline #RDR2 
100 Thieves Quadra kill to defeat Team Liquid We live in a simulation
is it just me that finds it satisfying ?? like i’m kinda scared for his neck breaking at first but then the sound it makes is SO PLEASING  …
whoever this boy is, i want the world to know i would die for him  …
 back, Loonie! 
I am in love with 
thinking about when my 9th grade english teacher forced us all to say the n-word while reading To Kill A Mockingbird
Joel Berry’s jersey will forever hang in the rafters inside the Smith 
If you don’t have a profile photo, have a whole bunch of numbers behind your name, have a followers or following number extremely close to zero, have never tweeted a thing of sense, etc...I won’t respond to you unless I plan to use you to make a broader point to everyone.
Bong Joon Ho’s translator Sharon Choi answers what inspired the phenomenal film. Up here celebrating #Parasite’s Best International Film win! #spiritawards 
152 Darion Johnson defeats Devyn Hernandez in an all Chiawana final!
A-Team 
This week our Strategic Decision Support Center (SDSC) celebrated it's 1 year Anniversary We want to recognize and acknowledge all of the great work done by the SDSC Team which has yielded over 40 guns recovered & well over 100 arrests !! #GreatWork 
Pete Buttigieg Argues for End of Electoral College After Iowa ‘Victory’ Without Popular Vote Hey Peter! You are NEVER going to be president so quit crying. Save the tears for President Trump's victory, November 3rd.  via @BreitbartNews
EVERYONE STOP. DID SHUKA, FURIRIN, AND AIKYAN REALLY DEADASS ORDERED MCDONALD'S ON AIR LMFAO DID THEY ORDER A KIDS MEAL? SOMEONE INFORM ME ON THIS
Boy am I pissed. Got mail in ballot and the MFer's changed me from Dem to NONPARTISAN. So there is no Pres candidates on it. Now I have to go to the courthouse to change it. F**king @GOP
LISA Instagram Likes Stats 4 post with over 5m likes 5M Likes – 4 Posts 4M Likes –50 posts 3M Likes – 212 posts 2M Likes – 435 posts  … #LISA #LALISA #리사 #BLACKPINK 
Y’all aren’t embarrassed by Madea. Y’all aren’t embarrassed by domestic violence. Y’all aren’t embarrassed by excusing pedophilia. Y’all aren’t embarrassed by the dismissal of mental health. Y’all aren’t embarrassed by criminalizing drug addicts while uplifting drug dealers.
. @cj_fredrick cashed this buzzer-beater with one hand. No. 17 @IowaHoops leads Nebraska at the 
i went to bed that night and dreamed of better things a god, a devil, and me and how you lost your 
Best shooter I’ve ever coached and probably the toughest player I’ve coached too! Played great in @RamSports win this afternoon (21 pts, 4 3’s, 5 boards). Love you 
That sweet, sweet taste of @Gatorade in @DISupdates victory lane! Back in @ARCA_Racing victory lane! #FlyTheV 
An occasional, probably useless policy thought I have — wouldn’t bringing back some form  sailing for suitable routes be a good use of renewable energy to subsidize, in that we already have all the necessary  …
and like. you can watch them if you want. i'm not gonna be like EW YOU WATCH FAMILY GUY WE CAN'T BE FRIENDS but damn. it really makes me question what abt that show is funny to you and why. and i'll be honest... it makes me nervous to trust you.
WBB: Heinen’s 3-pointer a big one: gives her 1,000 points for her career at KWU. Congrats Courtney!
These dogs were all rescued from a puppy farm and are seeing blankets for the first time... I just hope they all find homes... Bless their little 
Beautiful  …
The smell of winter rain in a cedar forest
hyukjae as moonbyul: a thread #hyukjae #moonbyul #superjunior #mamamoo #슈퍼주니어 #마마무 #문별 
maybe i’m 
this the leader of my school's conservative 
Set Photo from #Venom2 reveals that ‘Morbius’ isn’t the only Sony-verse movie tying into the 
POSE MIZZ THANG @Tinashe I LOOOOOVE THIS OUTFIT 
Down by 9 to the worst UNC team this decade. It’s hard to take Duke seriously. It’s late in the season and they have some really glaring flaws.
If you're Yoongi, Jungkook, or Seokjin biased FOLLOW MEEEEEE CUZ I'M YOONJINKOOK 
The King Of Glory, The King above all Kings, Jesus I sing for, all that you’ve done for me.
Amazing atmosphere tonight for @PennStateMBB! It was so great  back as an alum to this. In game videos, sound, fan experience is next level! Kudos @psuPJ @Malizia22!  – at Bryce Jordan Center
NEXT WEEK
This is how 90% of those "pick three" things makes me 
We always lit let us know who wants the 
We’re going to The Ming
Like you could hire a burglar, but instead of stealing jewelry, he injects Aunt Kathy with Tdap
hey thanks for playing today’s edition of “Who’s a fuckboi?”
oh my god actually nothing worse than frustration tears, like what someone has said doesnt bother u but ur just angry that someone feels like they can belittle u n be nasty
I’m so glad I never associated myself with some girls lool
Pres is right (per usual).
In another few years there won't be an audience for taste and civility homilies because the people who deliver them fully discredited taste and civility when they backed Jay Z visits and fist bumps at the white 
Planning to do a bust sketch stream later today! $20US each! Post a reply here with your character and then I'll be choose 3-4 using RNG in two hours. Please only apply if you'll be around to respond should you get 
id do it for free
WOW that just happened best gig ever I think @ThoseDamnCrows what a show, thank you sold out @kks_steelmill #isthestagethatway @EaracheRecords 
Trump cares that we laugh at him. He cares A LOT.
My first campaign yard sign! I put it up because I believe @ElectVentura is the best person to represent Illinois and help build a country that works for everyone, and not just protect the financial interests of millionaires and 
Seriously #YangGang, it's all about getting the word out! Lets hang in there and aim for Super Tuesday. Its right around the corner and we need to hit this last push as hard as we can. This is when we peak. 5% in Iowa is good, it showed we still matter, even in a f'ed up  …
Acquitted! Get over yourself... you are insignificant at this point. Deal with it!
Who’s that with Lev Parnas? 
It is not defeatist or negative to say that I can't do something. It is neutral and it is positive, the former because having limits is just plain human, and the latter because recognising and asserting my limits / boundaries is a sign of valuing myself.
summer walker really did her shit with over it
Varsity Boys 3rd place 4x200 Diego Castelo, Alejandro Gandera, Andrew Felix, Irvin Lopez, and Ismael Ramirez Open Boys 4x100 3rd 
Part of that world #sheith #littlemermaid #mermaid 
He’s a good guy and you should follow him. I don’t usually promote people who ask but let’s not kid ourselves—the Folio Society don’t fuck  …
Today on Katie Hill's First World Problems....  …
Wait Ross when you read something do you not hear the words as a voice in your head?
Women’s Hoops score two impressive wins back-to-back! #GoBobcats #BatesAthletics
Niagara ccc Post their 21st Victory on the Road at Mercyhurst NE @JUCOadvocate 
Drip-pity Drip 
reply with your name 
where do i apologise for having zero content to post??? got my tablet up and running again all it took was an unplug, so here you get one singular doodle because my family is stupid and forcing me off my 
So I wanna do an event for the ateez concert. If you’re interested please fill this form out! I just wanna know what you guys would want  …
She 
as if there wasn't enough reasons to vote for the rlb she's gonna cause change uk 2.0 that will give us all   …
but honestly. WHAT are y’all gonna do when i  namjoon’s y/n on june 6th, 2020 ?????
Im evil monkey no one 
What’s the vibe tonight? Do I dress like a hot girl or a deadbeat
Ready for quinceañera Also ignore redness its what happens when I take a shower 
when i went to school after kam broke  …
save the date: 31st IASP World Congress 21-24 September, 2021 - Gold Coast, Australia  … @IASPinfo @Griffith_Uni @aisrap
FINAL SB: @SoftballHSU splits with @CSUSMcougars today winning game one 8-4 and losing the night cap 6-2. @HSUJacks split the weekend @goccaa series 2-2. 
#HongKong police with rifles trespassed private property in #TsuengKwanO, arrested at least 7 residents last night around 0200. Cops dragged the arrestees like luggages, when the press filmed the process, cops used high beam torch to interfered them Vid by #PSHK 
The Iowa Democratic Party is reviewing caucus results from 95 precincts -- amounting to 5 percent of districts -- before it plans to release its official final vote count on 
This montage will make you want to play the old Call of Duty's... (Regio...  via @YouTube
Heard theres some new  to vL AND being announced tomorrow who could it be?! #VizuaLizeTheFuture
I think the Dutch have many more problems than this. Clean up your house and then you can talk about mine.
Italian juries when they heard Musica (Il Resto Scompare) 
Making memories we will remember forever 
Who am I kidding, Jayson Tatum really could be better than Vince Carter, career-wise. Just maybe not prime Vince Carter.  …
Nancy Pelosi: Years in office—32 Net worth—$238M Dianne Feinstein: Years in office—27 Net Worth—$94M Joe Biden: Years in office—44 Net Worth—$15M What do they all have  Decades in "public service" & millions of dollars to show for it RT if its time for term 
. I'm with Mrs. Obama on this one. 
We are super proud of NTO’s Academic Decathlon team! NTO placed 4th overall at the Texas Academic Decathlon, Region I Competition — Large School Division. Thank you team and coaches for your dedication, hard work, and resilience! #AcaDec #NTOProud 
Lmao this is del valle hs band hall during lunch its weird as  …
this is exactly why she should win. because the people that dislike her are the ones causing the disunity and lack of electability in the party by saying and doing stuff like this
"When we have the puck, we’re a very difficult team to play against. So we have to do all that we can to make sure we get it quick." Sheldon Keefe in tonight's pre-game mashup. 
When you find a sweet one on Twitter and her DMs are 
You have been knitted together by the God of the universe.  in this and humbly worship Him. 
God I am fucking RAGING. anyway. I hope we all voted left. #GE2020
You’re not invited in our magic 
Cars are lining up for the first of four @TeamDrydene Heat Races! @MasonDanieI @DIRTcarNats  – at Volusia Speedway Park
This story about Shinsuke Nakamura and Karl Anderson  …
The @Telegraph article on the collaboration of @StarbucksUK & @Mermaids_Gender perfectly illustrates the spitefully snide reporting by some UK media platforms They’re so obsessively transphobic, they’d attack an iced biscuit, *just* because it benefits trans kids! 
Here's a footage of Wooseok and Byungchan putting their arms around each other. Love their friendship 
did she 
I think @BaylorMBB may be pretty good, you guys.
Niggas think u gotta choke a girl out and beat her up for it to be considered rape.. if u gotta finesse, beg or blackmail for pussy ur a rapist nigga str8  …
I’m not begging for nobody attention.
The Diva-stating Delta Phi Chapter had a wonderful time partnering with the Beautiful Beta Phi Chapter for our ‘Pink Goes Red’ Zumba Night . Thank you to everyone who came out and supported our heart healthy 
WBB: Big win on Saturday for @TiffinUwbb as they avenged a loss to Lake Erie earlier this season with a 76-69 home victory over the Storm to earn their third win in their last four games! Recap:  #TUDragons 
I have no idea why parents bring their tween sons to my show, but KEEP DOING  …
Y’all please look at Oriens leg. 
CONGRATS TO MY FAMDAYTONA WINAwesome job @michaelself @VenturiniMotor @BillyVenturini @BillVenturini25 @KevinReed2013 @SinclairOilCorp @ToyotaRacing @DISupdates  …
TOP PERFORMERS The accolades & notoriety continue to roll in for 6’3” PG Bryson Wooten. Recently, earning 1st-Team All Region honors Wooten’s stock has dramatically skyrocketed... and will continue to do so OFFERS: Columbia State CC, LeMoyne–Owen #PRO 
How does one even say something like this? "I'd rather live in a white supremacist society than one that works at creating just and inclusive spaces for  …
marie kondo-ing the crap out of my closet so I decided to do a mini fashion show for myself (p.s. it’s 2020 and I don’t have the time or the energy to not LOVE MYSELF anymore) 
Rashida Tlaib says she held Ilhan Omar's hand during Trump's speech  via @MailOnline
How I had to watch the game tonight. Via Facetime 
Tell me your favorite kinds of conversations using only emojis.
#CoronavirusOutbreak sadly YT is deleting videos that are telling the truth on the virus. Who are they trying to save  party & the evil cabal or  …
So  …
Hillary Clinton shows up using fake accents with hot sauce in her pocket, Kamala Harris pretended she bopped to Tupac while smoking pot and Mayor Pete was photographed drinking out of a bag with potential black voters but Trump is pandering for votes?
Ephesians6:12 For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high 
Joel Berry gets the well-deserved honored jersey by virtue of his Final Four MOP in 2017. I still wonder of that MOP should have gone to Kennedy Meeks, though.
Soo apparently Trinidadians paying people go and stand up in the crowd and not move when CERTAIN PEOPLE () performing ???!! If y’all don’t want people from islands etc to take part then DON’T call it INTERNATIONAL soca monarch!
Because who I think I 
I’m also planning on doing bias bracelets for trades and random ones for freebies. If you’re interested in trading, I’m posting the form in the replies. (this is for both days of MetLife and day 2 of Soldier Field 
jake dressed up smart for the spelling bee 
Michael Huger reiterated that Dylan Frye left the program of his own choosing. I asked if the door was open for a return, and he said "We'll see." Also asked if Frye was OK, Huger said "I think he'll be all right."
this is one of my favourite all time 
See what you see, you think I'm scared. #cats #CatsOfTwitter #Caturday #SaturdayVibes #Meow #neko #savekorat #AustraliaDecides 
Catriona Crowe gave one of the best expositions on why we need history. Watch the whole thing back if you get a  …
I just don’t listen to him anymore heck, I can barely stand the priest at our parish now! so what did the pope do or say now?
After many months my website update is finally LIVE! Please go check it out! I’ll be adding even more soon!  
Broke: I feel really self-conscious using a cane at this age Woke: Disability needs to be normalized and I should not be not ashamed Bespoke: Shit, there are a lot of pretty canes and I need multiple to match my outfits
. @realDonaldTrump supporters waiting for justice to be visited upon those attempting coup after 
Star Trek Picard is such shit
Good afternoon friends happy Saturday full of peace love and joy God bless you beautiful weekend #PRINCESSE Sitara @Silviadomi22G 
Imagine having any motivation to play FighterZ until the patch drops
Rudder  placed 2nd at the  today’ 
Holy fuck it's Perm Power
honestly opposite, lowkey i get the worst vibe from her. just everything she says and her mannerisms annoy the shit out of me. whereas i feel like i could smoke a joint with bernie and have fun tbh
RIP Robert Conrad The Original Secret 
me gusta 
Orson Bean embraced life. His ability to share that capacity for life & love with his friends, family, PRT and audiences was extraordinary. @SafeAtHomePRT:  gives you a glimpse what a special man he is. We treasure him. Devastated by his loss. RIP 
Hey Fam! I promised a stream today, but my stomach is beyond messed up (shut up I know), so I’m pushing it back to tomorrow. Get ready to make  house in the Sims
If you’re in Long Beach & love poké, try Poke & More on Carson!! It’s a small, family-owned business and they are the sweetest people ever with the best poké I’ve ever had in SoCal
Personally can’t wait to see this American hating, treasonous bia escorted out in handcuffs. Yes! She really did tweet this and deleted it! @realDonaldTrump @senatemajldr @seanhannity 
I miss being Pint 
we need more twice x fromis  …
I just want to tell you guys how much I adore being a CM. I was always vocal about  and now that I'm standing in the middle, I really feel like I'm making a difference to a lot of people.
Your hair is so soft
Holy frick we beat empire #GoingDark @DarkZeroGG THE BOYZ
OMG it's THE server! .  …
Year 3 for me at Fan Fest... I’ll just say this, @RaysBaseball I love you & I hope I never lose you  – at Tropicana Field
thanks
wow boy howdy I jumped back into #SpiderManPS4 and it really is just....some of the finest storytelling in the spidey verse, huh?
Hi everybody! It’s Alex! We’ve been making pizza today at home. They were very tasty! hope you have a relaxing and fun weekend. Xx #AlexandersJourney #Pizza #ChildhoodCancer #CancerRehab #Physiotherapy #RehabilitationMedicine 
saturday ; ayeon © 
Freddy  …
@audreywatters makes a good link between Iowa app failure and coding camps - not just limited software skills but limited knowledge about software's social life  @sivavaid @FrankPasquale @safiyanoble @PhilOnEdTech @ibogost
I really really really love it when yuri and 
To celebrate @BTS_twt #JHOPE's Birthday, we're hosting TWO events & a GIVEAWAY Feb 15th! ⁣ Cupsleeve Event 11am-9pm⁣ @ecclesiabakery⁣ ⁣ Goodie Bag Event 11am-9pm⁣ @VT_Carrollton ⁣ See below for details! ⁣ #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL #BTS #VTxJHOPE 
End of an era. There aren’t enough words in a tweet to sufficiently describe your impact on all of us @KarenDavisCBJ so I’ll just say thank you... for your dedication and your friendship. Your successor has big shoes to fill.  …
nah but why i lowkey look thick 
I'm honestly amazed at Bea's beauty... like is she even 
Sounds that way to me. It was pretty obvious at the time that while Trudeau officially supported Keystone, he wasn't going to make a big deal of his new "bro" Barack Obama (remember all that nonsense back in 2015?) killing  …
Hit rock bottom so only up from here
Call me confused.. a report  to look at Alberta's needs.. Alberta's.. not the UKs, not the US, not another province.. Alberta, Canada.. a report to review AB..  to others.. not one designed to support Fraser Institute spin soley yet.. here we  …
It Is has Been A Goodt day , amd Now it Is time to Be A Littdle Tiny Loaf Of marblted Rye Bread Atop A Cloudt , ah 
Particularly disappointing as women make up the majority of the US public health  …
Hey y'all if you want an introduction to Afro-Brazil via film, series, and documentary, and want to do some binge watching check these: -City of God -City of Men (series) -Besouro -Favela Rising -Quilombo -Orfeu Negro -Mestre Bimba, a Capoeira Iluminada
reply to be added to a promo gc must be following me so i can add u
Quests  & dangerous. The sorceress might want you to fetch a ruby from the eye of a dragon, or the tears of a mountain giant, or a ticket to a My Alchemical Romance concert. You are a simple woodcutter who loves your wife, & your entire life is about to change
Outside the Lakers locker room 
Thank you @SenTomCotton for addressing the Coron Virus. We must be prepared for it. If we aren’t, it could overwhelm our healthcare system causing people to die just because they couldn’t get basic care. Aside from the obvious, what else can we 
With the info we know today... There is absolutely no reason to be mad when dsp gets hundreds on a single stream. 1. No ammount of money will save him now. 2. This motherfucker still pumps money into his mobile game. Bankruptcy? Foreclosing? Who cares. Just laugh at  …
The shadow of the Panda crosses over the surface of Tatooine... Or Kansas, it's hard to 
March 28th 2020. Houston Pop Up. Save the date.
FINAL SCORE: GB 2 | Loyola 1 What a game!!! Baneck with a stellar performance on the mound! That’s a dub for the Phoenix! 
She probably had a feeling,but he was also saying he can see them  official. everyone in the house thought they liked each other...it’s easy looking from the outside she probably thought she needs to stop overthinking things. Stop making excuses for bad behavior.
A few first half thoughts as @AlabamaMBB leads UGA at intermission. 
Cincinnati front office: *goes on a free agent spending spree* 
We collectively shut down CP's freight rail for almost 6 hours today in solidarity with Wet'suet'en land defenders. Let's keep up the actions! #wetsueten #Unistoten #LandBack #WetsuwetenStrong #ShutDownCanada  …
Nice work to the ladies holding down pit-road during the @ARCA_Racing broadcast for @FS1 — @Reporterjamie & @ktmosborne (her first race w/us!) killed it.
Tyler Harris said making the NCAA Tournament is “bigger than us.” He said the city deserves to see the team play at that level.
What do you call a white Southerner Confederate who treated his slaves humanely and wanted to phase out slavery very slowly? A guy with a mixed race record or just a white supremacist? This is no different to me.
Bernie Sanders doesn’t scare me. He’s a feeble, lazy, n’er-do-well. What’s disturbing is that people in this country would vote for what he proposes. Which is basically to destroy what the Founders entrusted us with: the Constitution, Liberty, individualism, freedom. All of it.
Marcus to Christian: 𝙖 𝙡𝙤𝙗 𝙨𝙩𝙤𝙧𝙮 
KACCHAN: *goes into shojo mode to make fun of Todoroki* DEKU: BONER ALERT! THE WHOLE CLASS: ?????? DEKU: I mean-!! BONES. Bones alert. I broke a bone aaaahhh such pain, gotta go to the infirmary, CATCH YOU LATER !!!!!!!! AOYAMA: ... AOYAMA: He was holding his crotch ☆
