Jesus christ, I'm doing my research on genetic engineering and stuff and it's made me stumble down a rabbit hole. Remember that time when rich people could keep dwarves as pets?!? Ugh. It's disturbing how we once treated one 
Online classes are not for me. Im sorry
Now would be a good time for the FDA to revise its homophobic policies that prevent gay men from  …
ones of these is not like the 
i dont see him enough in my tl but senku is hot as hell 
Spring 2k20 
Keep an eye on this. If this  the new Fox News conventional wisdom -- that coronavirus is overstated and we should weaken quarantine -- there is a real chance Trump will pick up on  …
Today would be real good time to have a special message for you that we need this #carbontax on food production dealt with right ducking meow  …
YALL KEEP TALKING BOUT IG BARBZ BUT FACEBOOK BARBZ ARE THE ONES THAT NEED TO BE STOPPED 
Coles will donate $1M of food a week through our partnerships with @Secondbite_org & @foodbankaus to vulnerable Australians facing hardship as a result of coronavirus:  …
should i download animal crossing
Please donate masks, gloves, goggles and gowns!!! #Suffolk  …
Using the term “hysteria” is a good give away that this piece is best passed  …
... G. Many -including politicians- dont understand the mechanisms of pandemics. They don't get that the *right now* is irrelevant, unless it is an action of containment. It is like looking at a small flame in a house, saying "no so bad" so doing nothing as it starts to spread...
when you got no school for the rest of the year 
Argentinian President Claims Former Obama Official Asked The Country To Provide Iran With Nuclear Fuel TRAITORS ... the entire OBAMA administration was filled with them!Thank God fir ⁦  …
60 Retweets and we will pick up a grinder tomorrow!
we're playing animal crossing pls join so i can play it with u k thx ur poggy woggy 
PROTECT YOURSELF & THOSE AROUND YOU. This is a public service announcement STAY SAFE 
A headline writer's dilemma.The one you have or "Rich man sees his net worth plummet as people put lives ahead of profits. Wants to stop it."
i’m an e-girl 
The poor man is trying to thread the needle with a 2x4.
troye probably forget that I existed a long time ago but I rlly do be loving him for how much he cares about us and how he’s trying to make us feel happy during this 
A bunch of AZ hats
Even the best run airlines will eventually run out of cash if ticket sales dry up. Governments across the world are going to have to step 
I can’t be the only one who walks into the store with a strict list, panics when nothing on the list is there/shelves are empty & grabs random things to make it through the week. I just walked out of Fry’s with three apples, ground turkey & a box of Rice Krispie 
A MUST SEE! WITH THE CORONAVIRUS YOU MUST LEARN TO BOOST YOUR IMMUNE SYSTEM THIS IS YOUR LAST HOPE. HEALTH IS WEALTH :)  
daily serotonin 
So this is Steve Richards CEO of @parkdeanresorts that is encouraging people to travel the country spreading the virus, packed into his caravan park based around small  Shops stripped bare, very limited NHS resources. SHAME ON YOU! Please RT 
Constantly
#PreshDavid has suffered in your hands, so when you were answering the couple's questions you were watching their faces to see their reaction eei. This obsession you have for #PreshDavid is serious. Everything you do you have them in mind why? #UltimateLoveNG
listening to abel and vibing with someone would bang rn
invite me to ur town so i can put a Lu drawing on ur bulletin board =) #AnimalCrossing #ACNH 
Starting a new Animal crossing game 
Well when you see a cleaner use the same cloth during an entire shift it is hard to understand the confidence elected officials seem to have in maintaining a sufficiently sanitary environment in schools.
He left his phones at home and walked away....Truth be told he's not missing...probably just needed time and  …
Hey, things aren't great, but at least it's not 1632! Tag yourself in this list of 17th century 
Italy has a 9% death rate for COVID-19. That's scary  …
We have to stand up and protect  and the Australian way of life Woolworths should be asking for ID when they're buying that much product find out if they live in the area and have kids some people say it's bad that's racist but we have to look after our own
How much time do I  …
#TheTimeWatchParty a success APDTA S/o to everyone who posted and live tweeted. Keep it going and study the whole series #TheTime #Farrakhan
Harry went to the Pablo tour and covered Ultralight Beam on his tour. He's got taste  …
im a real blue benji & these bitches counterfeit 
Met this beauty during my solitary, socially distanced walk. 19/19 
This is the outer layer (the one facing an observer) and in the inside I placed some crafting 
I feel as though nobody should read TID. 10/10 don’t  0 
Let’s remove one level of stress that is so unnecessary. Universities already have means to admit students without the HSC/ATAR. Change for good. Federal and State Ministers for Education (Australia) #NoATAR2020 (Australia) Sign the Petition!  @ChangeAUS
JFC people, stay  …

Sleep will happen. Birds will sing. We will  this thing. Goodnight, newly connected world. Tomorrow we’ll have our stuff even more together.
UNCENSORED ON DLIVE IN FIVE
U own this @tedwheeler . They ain't listening. You spent years educating them w your actions Laws dont apply... To illegal aliens To Antifa terrorists To political criminals I WISH people WOULD listen NOW, but if laws dont apply to pol favorites, why? Same for  …
Rare video of YWN Melly 
Genuinely, I sit here safely (?) and my heart goes out to you ... I have been a head myself but never had to make the sort of decisions that are being made daily by the profession. Ordinary people behaving extraordinarily. I hope all goes well for you - sounds trite but honest
The amount of stories I’ve seen today of people drinking at parties or outside in crowds is  …
since this did numbers check out dreamcatcher's latest cb SCREAM and listen to their 1st album dystopia: the tree of language ⊱  
Call them “olopa” that one suits them
quote this tweet with your long vs short hair good riddance tbh  
damn doing nothing all day is exhausting
The best thing about all Dommes... We're all different and amazing! The different types of badasses out there is inspiring! I love you and all of your different 
Antichrist didn't trend In the morning or afternoon it's now trending this night How will somebody sleep now,
Ahgase, weed is illegal in SK, it can ruin a career... just letting you know. Also gambling and bllying, and propofol.
Gov. Cuomo announces there are over 10,000 cases of coronavirus in New York  … via @msnbc
I realize fundraising for House races isn’t a top priority at the moment but think how Republicans are STILL enabling the orange shitstain and then realize how utterly screwed we’ll be if they retake the House. Donate today.  …
Neither is wind cheaper nor clean. U.S. wind industry may well have created more radioactive waste last year than our entire nuclear industry produced in spent fuel. But nuclear provides energy density & efficiency, while wind is redundant & wastes vast natural 
the weekend is upon us, social 
Cows may appear to be peaceful, but it’s usually after some behind the scenes tussling has occurred. like any gang, they need to figure out who the alpha is. One of these mamas-to-be was just moved from the freestalls to the pack and now she’s going to prove she’s the 
A Nice Day at Santa Fe  – at Santa Fe Trestle Trail
I got to take some food that the hoarders missed to an elderly lady who needed it.
OIOI @Louis_Tomlinson this is what your Brazilian fans do in quarantine. dedicating all our time to always you, the best song in the album ever hope you see that. we love you, byee 
100% But I live in Rome. I can’t even begin to describe the despair and fear in the air here. The last three days have seen the most deaths consecutively. I dread tomorrow’s news.
Amazing progress from the OxVent team. Quick to manufacture ventilators that are urgently  …
Construction continues at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station's Launch Complex 36, a 1960s facility reborn as @blueorigin’s flagship pad for its New Glenn rocket. At 350 feet, its water tower is one of the tallest in the world. Photo taken yesterday 
“Governments threaten fines, arrest, if orders to distance and isolate not followed” It’s about time. We all need to take this seriously and self-isolate. #StayAtHome #FlattenTheCurve #Covid_19  …
 on now I hate when they bring up her music stats like duh she’s a white blond that sings pop music lol
PSA: How to get all 8 mats from a rock. #AnimalCrossing #ACNH 
everyone loves not admitting how many times theyve heard money machine
I just want you all to know that this gif is now available. Carry 
At school for a minute and couldn’t help myself. We miss our students and staff so much! #mavpride #onceamaverickalwaysamaverick @Pasadena Memorial High School  …
Coronavirus update, Europe: - Turkey: 277 new cases - Portugal: 260 new cases - Norway: 164 new cases - Czechia: 162 new cases - Sweden: 131 new cases - Poland: 111 new cases - Ireland: 102 new cases - Finland: 73 new cases - Denmark: 71 new cases - Iceland: 64 new cases
Wow! That was amazingly delivered over 7 years ago and it's still ON TIME!!  #Farrakhan #TheTime
people who still use this do not want to free themselves from the shackles of  …
all of 
Rt bro help me out 
Since I’m board we’re gonna try it again. does anyone want to learn about their birthday? Like this and drop your birth MONTH and the DAY 
Once you find inner peace you can make peace with everything else around you.
This definitely one of them New Orleans East Asians 
Corporate mainstream media will cancel itself soon enough. Untrustworthy, unbalanced, fleeing patrons, shrinking advertisers.
what u gotta say now??? @yungcalc 
This is pretty  …
Yeah once it’s detected the cluster has already spread. Badly.
We almost @40,000 plays. Watch during ya quarantine and subscribe gotdamnit! Cyrese -Rolling Stone Remix feat. @_KyleRhodes directed by @whipalo_ prod. @Dolnenzo @itsjubibaby Watch here  
I just watched Frozen for the first time and I’m mad ain’t none of y’all tell me it was this hard
Good people indeed @goodmantheatre and @jkimpictures was willing to go and document. I got to work from home. John and all his colleagues at @ChiTribPhoto do  …
Hoosiers should be ashamed of him
i ain’t never thought i would say some shit like this, but I miss school
tested positive for being an over thinker
gay culture is loving The Little Mermaid because it’s an allegory about not fitting in and dreaming of a life in a different world, but also wishing there was an entire spinoff about Aquata and the rest of Ariel’s 
At this point continued Republican support for Trump is something very close to treason. He is killing Americans. His inaction, and refusal to allow others to take action, is killing people.
*Day 9 in quarantine* Me: I’m a savage y- My sister, my mom, AND my 
Quick we need to start a Go Fund me so we can send them to an couples counseling retreat on a remote island. There they  against other couples in a series of tests and challenges that will bring them closer together and force them to confront dark secrets... and stuff
Put the country in lockdown - Now! Otherwise Italys problem will look relatively minor @BorisJohnson BBC News - Coronavirus: Boris Johnson in Mother's Day warning amid concern for  …
Another $100 payment sent off today I hope I’m making a change to somebody 
We used to be costume designers... Now we’re designing masks, face-shields and ventilator parts. Who says you can’t be productive and busy while sheltering in place?! @GLMDolls are more than pretty faces. We’re brilliant bad ass women. #FightCOVID19 #HumanityFirst 
You will NEVER find a housewife on Tinder, no exceptions.
i swear insta hive and twitter hive are two different fandoms
The Coronavirus works hard, but the people calling about my vehicle’s extended warranty work harder
Both De Blasio and his puppet Chancellor should be fired. This is the time for the UFT and CSA to get tough with the DOE. Blood on their hands:' Teachers say de Blasio and Carranza helped spread coronavirus  … via @nypmetro
Choose your fighter: Bernie Sanders: Fought to desegregate Chicago Public Schools in the Civil Rights Movement. Joe Biden: Lied more than 30+ times about organizing in the Civil Rights Movement. Spearheaded anti-busing laws. Friends with segregationists. #OurPresidentBernie
This isn’t even funny cause the amount of weight I’ve gained is unreal I’m rlly about  outta quarantine a brand new  …
Lost my job today due to the virus
Jesus. People dug this one, eh? Nothing to share but to support your local bookstore. Go to @indiebound and track spots you can buy online from instead of the place that lines Bezos’ pockets.
big dick does not equal good sex
We are all trying to cope in different ways. My wife is at the hospital now, on the front lines as a nurse.
I’m sorry if I say I need you..
Coronavirus got humans on lock down and mother nature taking over these streets 
If there's one thing I've learned from all this- your life, your careful plans,  change in literally 2 weeks. I'm definitely doing a lot of reflection and thinking on how I want to spend my time and energy when life goes back to "normal"
Seriously my favorite thing is when people remember little things I told them... like seriously? you actually listened to me thank you.
What part of "shut it down" is  …
Thanking God through the ups and downs.
We won’t see full global peak for another 2-3 months minimum. Through  we’ve lost crucial early data, so we still don’t know what we should about this virus. Anyone who thinks were returning to “normal” any time soon is delusional.
Let em know!  …
CN LIVE! S2E6 Paris Reportage: LES GILETS  …
olives are just angry grapes
Remember when the media endlessly covered  about “concentration camps” on the Southern Border? I wonder why they aren’t endlessly covering the concentration camps in China, America’s greatest enemy?
THIS IS MY FIRST JOON FANCAM AND MY SECOND ONE TT THANK YOU FOR 
me "quarantining" like every other day of the  …
lost in the dream is just THAT song the whole fandom loves because of how perfect and unique it is,, like it leaves us all speechless, we are never able to describe it properly because it's beyond words how special it is
Dear Prof, I still have 24 hours a day regardless of where I am. Best, Every other student
versatility,, but make it 
The federal government isn't requiring standardized testing this year because of school closures Good move. Why was the federal government requiring standardized testing in the first place?
 Thursday evening let’s applaud our @NHSuk at 
Social 
Here's a summary of everything we announced today regarding #COVID19 response actions in Connecticut. For more details about each of these announcements, click here:  
When you playing with yo girl then she take it to  …
I do not care how long I’m trapped in this house you will simply not catch me doing push ups on my Instagram story
Not sure where to find one? Email the local nurse union. Find a pro doing an informal Twitter AMA. Call your councilperson's office and/or city/county public health office. Ask around. Listen. Do not take unnecessary risks. The stakes here are life and death.
Hanging out in My Discord, link in Bio. Streaming game / working on site.
Ask and you shall receive! I received several requests for signed prints of my Dr. Fauci charcoal/pencil drawing So they are now available at my sale price Order here:  … Now, more than ever: RETWEET AND SUPPORT THE ARTS #SupportArtists 
We stand by Italy during these trying times. Share your Support for our Italian friends, They are our colleagues, friends and family. Cari amici, siamo con voi. #COVID19 #WeStandWithItaly
Why don’t we have this in  …
chungha running in 
#BanElonMusk and get it trending. He's a  …
Randy 
For all my new Bleach moots if you play BBS add me 
I know tons of people that were seriously ill in January with the exact same symptoms. Research that!
Hope y’all are still streaming kick it  
yall cant tell me destiny aint pretty as  …
OIOI @Louis_Tomlinson this is what your Brazilian fans do in quarantine. dedicating all our time to always you, the best song in the album ever hope you see that. we love you, byee 
All in or all out
 … OK it's more likely "take" than "to" but you get the idea
Majority of Britons support extending Brexit transition period amid coronavirus outbreak, new poll shows...LIARS..Who did you ask?
Ireland, on the other 
Assumption Game Like it and I’ll dm you an assumption I have about you. You have to rt this and tell me if its True or False. Don’t like this if you’re sensitive smh
We have updated the list by deleting the formula claim, after checking fact checks Gerber and other are only offering discounts. Although it would have been nice for many families. ~ 
late 70s Jock Jk We degressed as a society when ppl stopped wearing athletic short shorts Piece for #retrobangboy open collab hosted by 
im the best ive ever been and i cant prove it
Mother and daughter who ran Colorado funeral home accused of illegally selling body parts  … via @nbcnews
Puerto Vallarta airport, 10 am today (HT Melaque Facebook page): not the best example of #SocialDistancing. Best wishes to everyone there! 
Live for the night w/ @Loony & @rituvL currently at 197 subs, can we hit 200 tonight?!?! How many vehicles will I die to tonight idk  find out!  
Been so delighted about the Student Prince escaping Colombia that I haven’t yet had a chance to go “what the eff have you done with your  …
Joe Biden has been virtually silent during the covid pandemic, while Bernie’s putting covid aid bills on the senate floor & having covid town halls. It’s clear Bernie’s the best candidate to lead our country. It’s not too late to vote for  …
Parking lots are full at every park we visited. #coronavirus  – at Crane Creek Regional Park
We never expect in 2020 has a lot of dugaan from Allah, right?
D69 & 70 #100DaysOfCode I forgot to tweet yesterday. Invite to code assessment for a job, panicking! Over 2 days: 2 hours/8 modules of Web Developer Bootcamp Javascript 2 hours/1 chapter of Mike McGrath Javascript the easy way. 30 minutes codewars #CodeNewbie
Once you do some weirdo shit ain’t  back from that.
Sorry but overreaction isn't always harmless. A destroyed economy and protracted depression will kill folks too.
The entire Peace Corps was just  …
@LachlanYT @UhBxnny @Axrlines this is our entry for #LachysFS hope we are able  (repost cuz i suck at spelling) 
There’s so many assholes with beards crying about Bernie, it makes me want to be clean shaven for the first time in 25 years.
I Will Make You Mine is really one of the most moving modern films I’ve seen in awhile. I cried for a good while, cursed my boss for making me watch this, and then cried harder because I wasn’t sure how I was supposed to articulate how good this picture was. Watch it.  …
Valentine - 
getting drunk tonight for beyond live 
Change the world for the better @fatilatuti @KACEYFIFIELD @lynnczekaj @ALKentBooks @Adaliabrand8 @KristenAshleyW @M_Di_Leonardo @Miss_Elizabeth5 @AElleSmith @LisetteBrodey @MarkusLinecker @MilikaLomu @bradleybundlie @AdamWeldrick @DuchessLindsay @TudorTweep 
Just twigs in all their beauty. Who isn’t really looking forward to the fullness of spring the cow parsley the froth of elder flowers the bluebells? When it all gets too much that’s where I go to in my daydreams #1000postcards #biodiversity #wildflowers #trees 
Yes & the death projections in this informational video are terrifying.   …
Even on her chill 
Does anyone else find this  …
Read it. Though it is a developing story. I’ve read a few medical journals and this is very thorough research.   …
Stream Now #WomanRnBPower Click Here :  
SHOW SOME LOVE RT RT RT @justinbieber #KCA 
So I’m watching the Peter Gunz, Amina and  and boyyyyy this was probably the most toxic situationship in Love and Hip Hip history. Everyone in this situation was mad with no one to tell them.
What’s for dinner? Shrimp scampi with lemon zest & spaghetti 
I’m loyal with mine so when I fwy I fwy the long way.
As Florida rockets past other states in terms of numbers of cases, Ron DeSantis has consistently been behind the curve in taking the actions needed to  …
Prediction - in years  things shared on social media during the COVID19, crisis  back. A selfie in a crowded place during quarantine, or something similar, might mean failing a job interview, not getting health insurance, or being deemed a bio-risk.
Had the 2011 IU-Kentucky game on while folding clothes...had to stop what I was doing when I heard @DickieV react to this @VicOladipo slam. 
Again, I’m soooo curious about what post COVID19 life will be like. Straight to streaming might be more respected, more hands free devices, fewer large gatherings, better health education, more online courses from highly ranked schools,  …
Too little, too late. My son was let go from his job on Friday as a direct result of Covid. How's he going to pay his rent, his car repayments, and eat? On $276 a week? Looks like our pension will have to stretch even further.
The #Jets officially get their slot corner back. @poolioo had a great year in ‘19 — was @PFF’s No. 9 overall  …
this is the perfect level of human contact for me
1gram Dab then getting PUNCHED IN DA FACE!! What could go wrong @PuFFnNStuFFn @Random_Red @Smokezilla420 @snoopdemidogg @Godzmazter @suckmypoptarts @BudSmoker9 @Kai55944745 @cali_ediblez @PPuffpass @stillblazingtho @luchatokers @NelkFilmz @KyleForgeard @eddiebravo @TheRealFreshC 
Cow and Babs are getting to know each 
This was a few meters past the trail head. A 
This generations funny, many after title instead of anointing, after the “man of God” instead of the anointing that will announce you, a “man of God” with no gifts of the spirit is just a motivational speaker, get on your knees and pray, be  attendee in his presence
The winner of this poll will  MV promotion. We are currently leading but at the end of each day we are second Please retweet and vote here! The poll closes in a few days, let's secure the first place! NCTzens, we can do it!  
“ We used to look up at the sky and wonder at our place in the stars. Now we just look down, and worry about our place in the dirt ... “ - Interstellar 
Y’all ever wonder what your “that’s her” pic is
This new Supreme TNF that came in? I mighta went a little too hard on y’all with this fit 
“The quarantine is now ov—“ 
9.) Michigan State (-4) vs. Wake Forest, Pinstripe Bowl December 27, 2019. O/U (50.5). Wake tries to let MSU score in the final minutes of the game but MSU has none of it keeping the game total under 50.5. 
Less than 5k followers Drop your username let's follow you,No likes just follow who ever drop his/her username for % follow back REMEMBER TO FOLLOW @___FAREED @AM_Saleeem @Zbabankumbo @primeminoz @saleemtofah @Sv1iM @banney___ @MFaarees_ @__usyy 4 % fb LEGGO
i’m late to the trend but i made myself a fan cam 
Its been almost two weeks since I had a haircut. I normally get my hair cut or lined every week.I tried a tutorial online & almost took my eye brow off. (Don’t ask). Its amazing the small things u realize keep u from losing it. If u are reading this Please Help. Send Edge up.
Don't cry. #Shrek is on 
Tim Cook has announced Apple will be donating millions of masks to healthcare workers battling the  …
Me walking with Christ wherever I  …
I've got COVID-19 emails from every store I've ever bought anything from, but you know who I'd actually like to hear from? My real estate. You know the guys I pay a third of my  to every week? Yeah, those guys.
one of my favoritest easy healthy cheap meals: broccoli, rice, garlic, onion and soy 
They aint have to slow it down like that
Cry more  
Good Saturday night my friends . One of my favorites : Jim Croce - Time in a bottle - 1973 - YouTube. Have you found those things ? Hope you did .  …
Because there isn't an original bone in my body... I named my island "Everfree" here's the flag @EverfreeNW #AnimalCrossing 
Now, we have introduced 15 players so far! This year's squad size is 28+1. @sanfrecce_SFC Going #MoreAggressive for the other half from 
it’s really sad knowing that you’re not really that important to anyone. like you have friends but you’re never anyone’s first option. and no one ever checks up on you unless you talk to them first, it rly hurts
he peed on mute.... pain.
No matter how many times we've seen it, @TeamKhabib dropping Conor McGregor is still mind-blowing 
3 days later, same store Hours further restricted to 8a-8p More people in masks--maybe one in  …
Veiny arms/ hands (No, don’t ask me if I’m a mosquito  …
It needs to be called “physical distancing” because Americans don’t do nuance well.
bitch we locked in we ain’t gotta post no picture
#CHUNGHA: I am a material 
Defending Pulandres is seriously not the hill to die on, I promise you.
hero when he saw jo in the lobby for the first 
The session where it all started! can’t believe 1 year ago today we wrote “Warning”. It’s been incredible seeing this song evolve over that time & hearing how U all relate to the lyrics and the story. Thank U to every one of U that supported us as we brought this song to 
I wonder how excited are you for me to end your  …
. This sounds cliche, but genuinely the world is a better place because you and your sister are in it.
Think of how many lives would be saved if the senate had #ImpeachedTrump
The Dark Knight Indiana Jones (Raiders) Gangs of New York Dawn of the Planet of the Apes War of the Worlds Count of Monte Cristo Back to the Future Any 90s action movie ever basically. Interstellar to fall asleep... I could go forever  …
David Spade Had Mentioned Godzilla In One Of His Recent Video's .. (i) (THINK) , It(')S #Time For CHANGE. *+*  
Just a lil 
..Life goes on with or without 
Get all of their damn names and refuse medical service to all of them and their families. Some people need to learn the hard way.
 to power* the first thing that gets fucked over is the artists *global pandemic occurs* the first thing that gets fucked over is the artists *a slight breeze wafts in* the first
didn’t ask for your  …
Social distancing makes situations with people you normally hug & kiss or shake hands with so awkward, but I’m keeping my freshly washed hands to myself
POLICE HELP HELP 
It is a necessity to sleep with a giant rubber Grinch house in your 
Yeah Bernie already said that. And people who have other illnesses should be covered as well.
I love the Edge players as much as the next person but 78% of responders want the game to  from scratch 6 weeks in?!?! Friends, we need to work on how we’re handling #Survivor heartbreak 
After talking to @Steve_Thames21 I’m BLESSED to say I have received an offer from Georgetown University @HoyasFB #HoyaSaxa @CoachJRayburn @LSHS_FBRecruits 
will work on this one in the studio tomorrow again
I dont know if I’m doing a #twitter “right” but I am doing it MY way I’m not about bullying people Cancelling people Calling others out It doesn’t make me “weak” It takes far more strength to have integrity when things get tough I’m proud of ME
ᶰᵃʳʳᵃᵗᶤᵛᵃ 
I know it's been hard to get outside today. And, while we're done with the heavy rain & storms, things are going to stay pretty messy out there tonight. Best to just keep the binge-watching going. We'll get to see some sun tomorrow  
#DELETE The Inner 
We want the  …
omg why have i never heard ab this 
Science class and culinary all in one day 
4 years ago today I was at the O2 singing my lungs out #nevertoobigforAdele @Adele 
she is so cute stop 
the “it” in question is The Lorax (2011) i hate u 
MASS VOTING BLINKS CHALLENGE 150 RT 50 Reply Q : "What's your 5 favorite color?" A : ????? Reply with Keyword : BLACKPINK GAME CHANGER I vote #KillThisLove by @ygofficialblink for the #BestMusicVideo at 
I put "know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em" right up there with other universal leadership truths such as "it is what it is" and "it doesn't matter until it matters". I bet others agree! @davidstegall @LCSsupt  …
Don't want to leave your home? No problem! We have launched our home delivery service. Place order online at  . $5 citywide delivery. Orders above $50 are delivered for 
Easy 
#CSGO skins by Simon Anderson Do you want to get one of the skins for your 
A 2005 study, which investigated two caffeine-related deaths, suggested that you'd have to ingest around five grams of caffeine to overdose... The Trump* Family is clearly not good with numbers whether it's counting deaths of American citizen or the money that will bankrupt  …
This is NOT a time for a vacation. Come on. Just a reminder of what @GovInslee said: "Our data show the majority of Washingtonians are responding responsibly to the #COVID19 crisis. Those that aren’t, you are the outlier, and you are threatening the lives of  …
The US will be number  …
i c o n i 
Winning our first home @NWSL game? Sweet. Doing it against the Reign? Even sweeter. That was fun, thanks for watching along with us - we can't wait to do it again next weekend! 
i said: 
i respect a man who is vocal. tell me why you’re into me. tell me why i pissed you off & tell me how i can fix it. tell me everything. talk.
And it’ll cure yer 
Benny would’ve figured out something for us to do in these Quarantine times Miss ya Cuz
Not even word salad. A bunch of sticky noodles.
CUSTOM VIDEOS & CAM SESSIONS: Dick Rate Race Play JOI Ass Worship Humiliation Degradation Wallet Rinse & Drain SPH Ignore Sessions & more findom - finD - domme - ebonydomme #finD 
*playing mario tennis* me- hey! way to serve before i’m ready steph- if i waited for every time your hand was out of the fkin candy bag we’d never get to play rude. true, but rude. @sleclair09
Caroline Fenyo, @CarolineFenyo, is also #HighRiskCovid19. She said she thinks that hashtag is making a difference and deterring some people from gathering in large groups. ( @wusa9)  
I quietly put my trashy BDSM novels (that I wrote under a pseud) for free for the last week and gave away 700 copies of very thinly veiled Hannibal fanfic 
Monday: How was your weekend? Get up to much? 
I talked to Taylor Kobelja ( @verysmallgirl_) about being #HighRiskCovid19. She says the public needs to use caution everyday since there are many people with "invisible illnesses", like asthma, that can be profoundly impacted by the coronavirus. ( @wusa9)  
The thing I love about spring is how everything blossoms rapidly after hard work months ago and a long dormancy. May all your research labs blossom again 
Connecting the puzzle pieces on the new 9th hole, par 3 @Barnbougle -  will  the highest elevation golf hole on the 
Everything hurts
These people think we are on extended holidays  …
[INFO] Kai was mentioned in Taemin's interview for Vogue Korea in the April edition :  … Translation below #KAI #카이 #EXO #엑소 @weareoneEXO #SuperM 
remember 
others schools getting a band and All A’s 

Just a reminder...military presence =/= martial law. Military presence may be hella scary but it does not mean constitutional law & the judicial process has been suspended.
Anyways I walked a couple blocks down Valencia and if you’re in the city I say forget it. Like I’m the first COVID Man and it made me feel a little bit down. These sickos can have the streets. I’m on my way to Heaven. I cannot wait until PHASE II
City streets are filled with the people whose lives are dedicated to your alienation and they’re breathing the virus, in & out, like they’re taught in their workplace mindfulness seminars...5G sends them signals: Eat loot fuck. They want you to deliver Soylent to Palantir America
full video here:  shot by @im_rjg_ & @brvndon_b powered by @WOLFPACK601
And for the record, we as booksellers believe Waterstones is an important bookshop chain, and needed. It has its place in the bookshop economy. We like what they do. (They should pay people more tho.)
Now Valencia Street is packed, it’s brimming, frothing over with moronic gods, the people who make this app & all the others, coughing & sneezing & looking for wine...nice salad...I saw a mother and kids outside their tent on 14th...took a sly picture but too ashamed to share it
I like this boy, he’s cool and I think we could be good friends but I dunno if I can tolerate him wearing a face cap backwards in 2020
Because otherwise kids would be spending the entire movie asking why the magical singing snowman isn't worried about melting anymore. Now they just have to ask their parents what "permafrost" is
Cause of death: This edit Seriously tho, their presence. Just 
Tonight I am doing #pattymelts because I have everything on hand. I will start by saying I will never understand why people shape round #burgers on rectangle #bread. Not this gal! I'm #tweeting in black and white for those squeamish of #Meat. #FoodForThought 
My Daddy be like “go help yo MaMa” nigga that’s yo bitch, u do it ...
Kanye's worst is not better than Taylor's best Taylor's worst is not better than Kanye's best Kanye's worst is not better than Taylor's best Taylor's worst is not better than Kanye's best Kanye's worst is not better than Taylor's best Taylor's worst is not better than Kanyes best
ive been home for like two hours and my parents have already called my name like 50 times!!! and gotten mad at me for napping, i need to leave
We’re not in a war. The factories aren’t being bombed. There are ample supplies in warehouses. The restocking delay is largely logistical.
Might want to take him out of your library @Teacherman1986. Kinda goes against the BS your trying to sell! #Hittingguru #TwiHitIfiots  …
Caden Kohout-  SO Outfielder. Great athlete with good tools. 6.7 runner, 88 from the OF, 90+ EV. Was redshirting 2020 season regardless. Will have 3 years eligibility. @FlatgroundBats 
Latest update for #LoseYouToLoveMe #BestLyrics 
Marvel team of the 90's Alpha Flight Inspired by X-Files, Steven Seagle turned Alpha Flight into a paranoid fueled thriller involving Department H and all the secrets contained 
i just bought my dream car at 18 i am so beyond grateful to have been able to do this for myself, hard work pays 
That ending was 
Shooting just occurred on the 17000 block of Gale Ave in Hacienda Heights. We received a report of one possible victim of gunfire. If you are in the area, please be aware as LASD responds to the incident.
 so far away from our founding values most people don’t even recognize them anymore. Julian Assange understands more about them than most Americans. Look where it got him? Most Americans have abandoned him in his time of need. For shame! 
London Irish Centre @LDNIrishCentre begins food drops for the vulnerable, but it needs more help after One Direction's Niall Horan fund-raiser is cancelled due to coronavirus spread  … 
jungkook is so hot wow my soul has escaped my 
That's excellent news. Now all we have to do is 3-D print around 20,000 highly-trained, specialist ICU nurses to go with them.
THE FEAR I SEE WHEN I LOOK IN YOUR EYES MAKES YOU BELIEVE IM ONE OF A KIND ONE OF A 
I’d kick the shit out of this pink  …
In a first, India, France conduct joint patrols from Reunion  …
Ok but I’ve been thinking 
After talking with @CoachKevMac, I am honored and humbled to say that I have received my 12th D1 offer from Eastern Kentucky University!!! @BillBankGreene 
It was a Norman Dale-Myra Fleener talking next to a farm fence kind-of-weather in Central Indiana today. Aka...cloudy and cold #INwx
IM????? 
2 Samuel 7:18 - “Then King David went in and sat before the LORD, and he said: "Who am I, Sovereign LORD, and what is my family, that you have brought me this far?” Great reminder that God knows our filthiest parts and still gives us better than we deserve
The world's absolute rich are making a good case for torches and pitchforks.
Quarantine activity: Logo Math See if you can figure out what the equation at the bottom 
Only France, Spain, Italy and Iran suffered more #Covid19 fatalities than the UK today. I hope we've not left it too late the "flatten the curve" and save lives. The disgraceful videos and photos of Gammon "enjoying" their last night of freedom yesterday is cause for concern.
St. Louis City Museum launches virtual tours and classes during COVID-19  …
oh no... i like drawing feet
My camera doesn’t lie to me. I calls out the cream of the crocc at an early age. 
not to be horny on my main, but damn I wanna hug my friends
How much is China paying  …
kenma: no thoughts head 
I’m going to lose my mind being home alllllll fucking day.
Felt 
fuck it here’s a fancam on the tl 
His donors don’t want to have to make the low profit product they will be forced to make. They would need to pay their skilled workers the same salaries they would make to make the higher profit margin product they usually make. They would rather lay off those workers.
Ben Sasse voted against a $100 billion aid package to the people of our country. NO to paid sick leave. NO to additional unemployment insurance. NO to funding for food assistance. NO to testing for the coronavirus. Sasse slammed the proposal as “really dumb.” #ENOUGH
The NES Podcast is this goofy thing where a robot makes a weird video game and we have to try to make it make sense. I am so, so, so happy to be back with these clowns, even if we couldn't have a physical, in-person panel. 30 minutes. Let's make some dumb  …
PERSONA 4 Golden is 7.99$on #PSN (US) If you haven't played it yet, you should change that now! 
He is a very dangerous person. Unitary executive theory is the autobahn to dictatorship.
Is there a cure for Alan Jones ?
When healthcare workers are begging #GetMePPE, the White House stays focused on protecting Dear Leader’s fragile  …
kim jongdae as flowers and landscapes because I miss them; abro hilo @weareoneEXO @exoonearewe
The funny thing is the way their  up in totally unrelated matters eh Thank you Obi for saying they should change topic, they were ready to go on and on about my girl #UltimateLoveNG
Keep me safe, my God, for in you I take refuge. Psalm 16:1
4. Nyo! Favorita/o Pues Fem!Uruguay <33 she's just beautiful 
We’ll never know but it sure looks like the testing is showing the price of the marathon in LA and the big night out in NY last Saturday
Facebook is donating its global stockpile of medical masks (720,000) and gloves (1.5 million pairs), from disaster preparedness kits, to hospitals in the Bay Area and elsewhere around the  …
after i jus finished my fantasy football draft and post my team on twitter only for someone to ask why i picked only dolphins 
Hey Everyone! Amid Covid-19 madness we made 1st lesson of every course on Learn Squared - all you need to do to access it is register with free account. Check our site for more details:  #learnsquared #freecontent #education #learning #art #design 
1:00am Why you not sleeping ?
I ain’t talking bout no kids when I say put it in my belly 
It’s very nice of all the  coming out to offer free drinks to emergency services etc, but why does it actually take a pandemic for most to realise how important our emergency services are? They’ve been here, year on year, and hardly been acknowledged.
"Simple design changes could include soundproofing rooms, installing heavier doors and quieter laundry machines and dishwashers." via  …
The Jim Price Show Like, Share,  …
Tweeted this already. Doing it again. And this is the problem with the "well, ackhsually China blah blah blah" from supposedly responsible people. Time and attention are limited resources. And Trump is burning them up on salving his  …
I’m genuinely obsessed with @daintyartisann‘s jewelry I can’t wait to wear 
Smile, though your heart is aching, Smile, even though it's breaking... Today -- especially this evening -- has passed by in a very peculiar, subaqueous 
It's my birthday !!! Say a word of prayer for me 
This is the look I’m  …
San Diego is a giant military city with Camp Pendleton right there. This is not new. This is how we transport military equipment around the country - All. The. Time. STOP INCITING FEAR. IT HELPS NO ONE.  …
Witnesses said when the #reporter screamed with extreme pain, #hkpolice was excited and sweared at him while other officers flashed strong beam of light into his eyes #HKPoliceBrutality #HKPoliceTerrorists #press #jouralists  
YO I MISSED THIS 
Five years ago today I received an email from RADA telling me my audition had been unsuccessful. I was a wee bit disappointed but also relieved. Considering my RADA audition was in 2010. Still. Closure.
Why am I not getting the warm fuzzies upon reading that these fascists want enhanced powers to trash the Constitution?? DOJ appeals to Congress for new emergency powers amid  …
Nice to hear. I go in for my every three month CT scan on Monday, and immontherpy every 3 weeks.  is not only irresponsible, but heartless. Hope the tables don't ever turn on you. APOLOGISE... if you've got the balls, for God's sake.
can’t believe Justin and Hailey get more hate than these  …
Alright when the heck is this stupid virus gonna be over with #Covid_19
Conner played my favorite song when we were walking together go watch his new video! 
EXO’s Kai is the FIRST Korean celebrity in history to be Gucci’s global brand ambassador for two years in a row & the FIRST male idol to be on the cover of all top male fashion magazines in Korea. pass it on! #KAI #카이 #엑소카이 
Philly folks - Space Station flies right under VENUS at 8:13p TONITE. Just look for Venus and be watching by 8:10. You’ll see ISS as it approaches and flies past then on to the NNE.
[On a walk] Lady to her husband - She dropped out of nursing school because apparently it wasn’t for her. Now who knows what she will end up doing what a waste Guess what? I dropped out of nursing school & I’m doing just fine. Made 6 figures last year so suck it, hooker
Dairy-based butter is 3.7 times more damaging to the environment than plant-based butter, according to a study recently published in The International Journal of Life Assessment #WorldForestryDay #ForestryDay #HealthyFatsDay  …
So it turns out that the 'busses of panic buyers' was  made up story, served to you by Facebook with a side of of  …
Fox News medical 
i kno m not ready to be in a relationship but I desperately want to be in 1:(i want to givesomeone all the love i have and tell them gm and gn:(n maybe nxt time m in a relationship i will actually be with someone that loves me back so i have hope:(but idont wanna get hurtagain
#citrus #citrus_meme Thank you 
Just give everybody $1 million. Who even cares anymore.
How pleasant the rushing water is at midnight. Like a declaration of love. The sky is clear and my heart relaxes. Good night, the focus is a we 
The city of Wuhan registered no new cases of COVID-19 in 24 hours – for the first time since reporting its first case in December in an outbreak that has gone on to infect more than 270,000 people around the world and kill more than 11,000 people.  
Pretty much every day, 
She’s taken care of, but that’s an exceptionally kind offer
I CAN TERRAFORM NOW YUHHH 
taylor swift debut album: 7X platinum kanye highest certified album: 3X 
Missing spring ball!!! 
He also wants you to pay for the loans of the medical professionals who are currently saving people's lives, isolating the virus and developing vaccines/treatments for this "pandemic unlike anything we've ever seen" You know, the people holding societies together  …
Y’all do not want to miss  …
My heart breaks every time I see Hanna’s photo. Hanna Yusuf: Talented BBC journalist took her own life, inquest  …
Right on. There is power in a union.  …
So sad to see Kenny Rodgers leave us. I remember in 1978 14 years old writing my first software while listening to: You've got to Know when to hold 'em Know when to fold 'em Know when to walk away & Know when to run! Thank you Kenny. A Hui 
can i just......ctrl shift c motherlode in my bank account?
Here’s this asshole tryna get the sandbars shut  …
But he wasn't cheating, they were just lying on the same bed. That ain't cheating 
day three of quarantine: texting my 13’s team bc i know they’ll answer
There are concentric circles of hell containing Brexiters - politicians, journalists, businessmen, diplomats, financiers - and to a man and women they are shamelessly corrupt and self-serving.
Retweet this again bc the suagrs are triggerdttttt  …
Ripple hired Kelvin Lee as head of Southeast Asia operations. He has been and senior exec at Mastercard, Visa, FIS, and more, which seems perfect. But anyone have a link to the Ripple PR? A few crypto blogs mention it w/ no  …
Jumping in on this wave of nostalgia, anyone have ideas for how to capture the history of the RCR for the documentary? Or how to collect personal stories, recollections, important moments, etc. A shared google doc? It feels like a large but important task. #baonpdx
rt this if you joined the jelly wallet ga and you’re active
Went to buy some fabric from Joanns. It came up to 100 and some change. The cashier said “one sec”. Typed some things, and the total went to 45 I looked at him like “” and he said “You’re always nice when  in here so I got you”
Pence visited 3M on March 5. Why did Trump wait until March 18 to get Congress to approve legislation allowing them to sell certain types of N-95 masks to the healthcare industry? Who had Federal contracts – usually to keep the price up – before  …
I can’t help but 
troye @his 
Yooo we just about to hit 750k on the 'gram! And to celebrate we've linked up with StockX to dish out $500 to spend on site! TO ENTER: 1. RETWEET this post 2. FOLLOW @HOUSEOFHEAT and @stockx 3. CONFIRM your entry here:  
How many of these places have you been to or volunteered at? How much time have you spent with the homeless? What services ir plans have you heard about that discussed plans for the homeless population during this crisis? It’s easy to tell someone else to stop feeding them.
Please stay home and stay safe 
Doing some cleaning this weekend? Remember never mix household bleach with ammonia or any other cleaner as it can create toxic fumes! More important info from @EPA @ILEPA of what works to kill #covid19 when cleaning can be found here:  
Not only you but also CNN had been also saying Wuhan virus but they suddenly changed their behaviour and started criticizing people who call it so. No apology for those who had to face unfair discrimination (as you posted) because of media & "experts" calling it as such "NAMES"??
oPeN fOr A 
Okayy but Jeonghan in this outfit... I 
#LetMeTellYouAboutTheTime All the Pedo elites, corrupt Democrats and their sick minions where wrong about the man who will save  …
Yes. We all should call! I am just seeing this on Saturday evening and I will be calling first thing on Monday
*psst* Hey kid. You want some med 
So basically the same models used for climate  …
Is anyone else a little nervous that Trump's going to try to fire Dr.  …
I hear Dems are trying to push for “vote by mail” for the 2020 election. Whether you like Trump or not, this is NOT to be trusted. We watched them steal the 2015 & 2020 primaries using things like mail-in-ballots. Democrats know Biden can’t win & they are pulling out all stops.
It takes two to do that
Marx outta context 
I'm bored, show me your faces, or validate mine, or 
Mfs put a bar over their eyes like some reverse niqab and really think they did something...
A #CUHK female student journalist experienced anaphylaxis after she got pepper sprayed by #HongKong police in #YuenLong, she was sent to the hospital right away. Vid by #MadDogDaily #中大女學生記者中椒 #過敏性休克需送院治理 
How am I doing staying indoors these days? My life is chickens right now. 
decided to do college in 3 years because i wanted to graduate with him this time this is an uncertain time in the world but we’re still so excited to be graduating (even without  wreck’em 
Serenity. The view north from an outlook point on top of the Handhills just south of Delia. #delia #handhills 
Hello! This is my mama and her Twitter is @tangiebell_ and she writes a blog called  and her Instagram is @bitsandbabbles!!
You are most  working on a summary of emerging therapies, and links to studies, will post when I have finished - changing rapidly...which is actually GOOD news. That chart in tweet & below is one US Hospital’s published protocol for medical staff treating 
Digital lamp Qur'an for sale * Qur'an by different reciters * Qur'an translations and Tafseer * HD Quality Sound Speaker * has a remote * Qur'an word by word * FM & MP3 * Hadith, Ruqyah, Hisnul Muslim etc. Please retweet Price: 15k Delivery: 
Compliments on my teeth are the best > I’d take those over looks anyday lol
Jackson State DL C.J. Anderson was one of a few local athletes invited to the HBCU Combine. It was canceled because of the coronavirus. Mississippi College hosts an area wide pro day for smaller schools, that too could be canceled or postponed. @CJ_AndersonJr 
FDA Approves New Test That Could Detect CCP Virus in About 45  …
Well this thread was quite a  …
I’m just gonna say it. I don’t CARE that you’ve been SeLf IsOlAtInG yOuR wHoLe LiFE
#Covid_19australia #SocialDistancing #QuarantineOnlineParty Keep your eyes out guys 
Meanwhile, they're still bashing Sanders for praising the educational system that led to developing that drug.
Happy #WorldPuppetryDay from Pele 1.0! Btw, I forget who took this video at ASE last year, but thank you for doing it 
My right arm about to be strong as shit after this 30 day quarantine 
Can’t lie , Tequila is killing Hennessy right now! .....story developing
My neighbor is playing the harp in her front yard right now for all of the passers by, and it’s making me so happy. 
And then they were best friends. (Just finished binging Fushigi Yuugi. No 
march madness really took on a new meaning in 2020
A moment of #IDDoc levity today: Me (to my 3.5 year old child): Hannah, you need to wash your hands right now. Hannah: YES, we need to wash our hands Mommy. There are a LOT of germs right now and we don’t want to get the CANOLA VIRUS... Me: yes... #IDTwitter
Because now they have to handle both,  …
With these shutdowns, Spring/Summer months for recruiting & exposure will be limited. Limiting/hurting your opportunities with Colleges. We will be releasing our report to all our colleges next week- Make sure you are included by filling our questionnaire:  
No one: Pogo: *squishes self in the shelter meant for 
y’all pride be too high and it costs both your relationships and friendships.. ya hate to see it
I work in one of largest liquor superstores in America Capable of hundreds of thousands of dollars a day in biz Our state is going on lockdown on Tuesday I’ve never seen it busier in my 8 yrs Peeps r losing shit for booze FML #COVID19 #Lockdown
I’m telling y’all right now...... I’m flooding all forms of social media with my puppy. Prepare 
Dublin 8 tonight 
Messi vs Manchester United 2011 UCL Final. The greatest Champions League performance of all 
We need to be careful we don’t let our fears cloud our thinking. These graphs, which came out a few days ago, would seem to suggest that mortality is much greater for #COVID-19 than for influenza in China and South…  …
Little Darlings was released in theaters on this day in 
Carnitas is trending when CA is on lockdown lmao. I love my state
Mad Max / Fury 
Which was probably more effective at potentially spreading the virus then if he had done nothing at all.
STAY. 
Garnet earrings 
Gov. Justice said Friday that he wouldn't have updates over the weekend unless there were dramatic developments, then announced this morning a statewide address at 7 p.m. That packed the stores all day with panic buyers thinking he was going to order a statewide shut-down...
Bitch  …
Animal Crossing is so much fun! Crazy to think I last left it at the 3DS version years ago and felt right at home with the new one.
#14 worldwide with 100k tweets! Raise your voice once again for Wonho! #WonhoComeBackHome @OfficialMonstaX @STARSHIPent @Epic_Records @eshygazit 
If “pizza love” was a 
a falcons fan ... talking about choking  …
If @JosefMartinez17 and Miggy can practice social distancing, so can you. STAY HOME. 
Kirishima’s parents running around in a confused panic while Kirishima sighs dreamily from his bedroom window
crazy how ima still be in the house when this all over
pls as if he ever fed them at  …
rt/reply to be in a ebg gc !! - be active or i'll eat y'all - 2 biases or probably more - good luck everyone 
who is your quarantine room mate based on your birth month? - Gabriel’s inferno series jan - Julia feb- Rachel mar- Simon april - Paulina may - Gabriel june - Aaron july - Scott aug- Paul sep - Christa oct - Professor Pain nov - Katherine dec - Richard
THE EPIC CONCLUSION OF @HenryDanger STARTS NOW 
I broke quarantine today to do “elder care” (her words!) today. I carried a heavy box (12 kilos!) up steps! A pleasure to see @cherylrofer always & good to talk nukes. A joy to gift her a fine (her first!) specimen of radioactive Fiestaware (yes, I made her pose for a 
In these uncertain times, it’s important to take care of ourselves to maintain & improve our emotional, mental & physical well-being. One thing you can do to take care of your needs is to build a self care plan. Learn how with @MomsDemand’s resource guide:  
Stocks can return to records early next year if the U.S. can curb coronavirus spread, says  …
I look shorter than I 
strange to see all  for things no one is going to buy or do for the foreseeable future
me fighting the quarantine hallucinations in my 
Why’s this bottle of vodka looking at me like that
NEWS | 15% raises being given to PC employees working during pandemic. Details:  
Ester Expósito and Itzan Escamilla could step on me, slap me, choke me and I would say... THANK YOU VERY 

He knew (like the original Johnson) that though changes in language could be slowed, they could not be 
REPORT: State’s attorney general orders abortion clinics to close, deeming them ‘nonessential’  … via @realdennislynch
I'm crying. Benj just hit 400 subs. yesterday night he was at 20. I cannot believe 
Idiocracy kills. Vote  …
Trust no one! 
Thousands of oil workers are getting laid off in the Permian 
Hello everyone. I apologize for not a bit of any art. I apologize. I kind of had a relapse with my shoulder. These are some physical therapy I developed for working my shoulder, because I miss making art. Anyone who knows me know I love 
Being broke  …
Today’s Mario Odyssey video has the fastest turnaround of anything we’ve made in at least 7 years. Video capture on  recorded this afternoon, video posted today.
my mom made my whole family do jummah prayer yesterday for the first time in MONTHS because she’s convinced that judgment day  how do I explain to her that despite her best efforts, I’ll be going to hell based on my tweets ALONE
To the surprise of no one: Doctors in Russia are accusing their government of covering up its #CoronavirusPandemic outbreak & denying them PPE. ‘Russian authorities refer to coronavirus cases as ordinary pneumonia, implying they're not coronavirus.’  
Gathering of more than 5 people prohibited in National Capital #IndiaFightsCorona #CoronavirusOutbreakIndia  …
Sending virtual #hugs to anyone who needs one! 
Check him Juice. 
OK lil animated version to scratch my itch ^^ BTW ......... THIS GAME HMM............... cannot even begin to describe how much I luv it TT__TT hope everyone else is enjoying it as much as I 
This Italian grandma is giving you advice on how to fight 
Beautiful Birds In 
The leaders are emerging. I’m not talking electeds. Pay attention. The leaders are emerging.
if this happens, you're getting reported i'm sorry but you've been  …
Peppa hung up on Susie like it was nothing— straight face and all— simply for knowing how to whistle. So who do you  …
This photo was taken of the #Sunrise 1 year ago today in #Iqaluit #Nunavut and check out the photo I took of the sunset today I just posted in my feed. Amazing 
Remember when @neeratanden said it was a bad idea to campaign on Medicare for All because people like their insurance? Do you think Neera thinks those same people are going to like having no insurance when they lose their jobs over the next few weeks?
Finally got my hands on the pink razer laptop and I got super sad nostalgic because it reminds me so much of my very first ever laptop my parents got me! Also, I can’t believe they’re classifying this as “vintage” 
No way  got more likes than mine
He was shrunk down to cellular size and is personally fighting the corona virus
And just like that I’m  …
Animal Crossing: New Horizons x @xGumpita  soon! Tried recreating her twitter banner and logo in these and I think they came out nice! #AnimalCrossing 
Watching Death  Her again, a movie I’ve loved since I was ten years old. In case you needed more evidence I’m gay.
BEST SHOW IS BACK! MARC MARON! LYNN SHELTON! DOWNLOAD IT NOW WHEREVER YOU ENJOY DOWNLOADING 
I can't stop laughing at this whole thread.
Sometimes I send this number to coworkers and say something like, "Can you ring this conference line and follow the steps? I'm trying to see if it's set up  …
┏┓ ┃┃╱╲ in this ┃╱╱╲╲ house ╱╱╭╮╲╲ we ▔▏┗┛▕▔ love & protect ╱▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔╲ jacob and noah!!!!!!! ╱╱┏┳┓╭╮┏┳┓ ╲ ▔▏┗┻┛┃┃┗┻┛▕▔ ©
missing these babies extra 
Flipped a joint and put it over one of my favorite animes! Let me know what yal 
Home safe! What a night #QuarantineOnlineParty was epic
ready to get the edits back ..this definitely one of my fav shoots. 
It's a strange time for all athletes, but the @ErieHighSchool baseball team is trying to remain ready in case spring sports eventually return STORY:  by @ArielleOrsuto #9sports #copreps @ErieBoosterClub @ErieTigerMedia @ErieHSAthletics 
You've got this @TheEllenShow! Try sorting by color and size and then dive in! We'll be on standby if you need more tips!
I think about it every day
Talking with @bourbonblog was an informative and delightful chat about the current times our industry is facing- take a  …
The Washington Post reports that in hard-hit areas, Coronavirus testing is being restricted to healthcare workers and hospital patients. So, all of the talk from Donald Trump about getting supplies where they need to be is just empty promises. #OurPresidentBernie
What if the market tanked because the cats weren’t able to day trade in front of us while we were  …
Going to see @kris_nataly but I’m late AF, y’all pray she doesn’t stab 
3/21 Happy Down Sydrome Day to our homie with an extra chromie. Extra fun, extra crazy, extra hugs, extra chromosome #beingbradyvaughn 
I was born in England, am Anglo-German & have lived in Sutherland for 15 years. I'm not Anglophobic but think people shouldn't be travelling & holidaying at present. Travel has caused the pandemic. There are only 7 IC beds at Inverness hospital! Holidaymakers bring your own IC!
"justin na 1828292 live do dia" a 
HE LEARNED HOW TO HOLD A 
lucas likes nicki minaj megan thee stallion and rihanna i trust that mans taste in women
you know what? if it works it  …
Reporting that our village was NOT raided by outlier shoppers yesterday.
It’s wild to see journalists who’ve spent the last 10 years barracking for the Liberals and regurgitating small-government rhetoric get up in arms about our inadequate health system and underfunded public services. It’s like they were fine with cuts until it impacted them.
Are we gonna lose now when there are only couple of hours left @justinbieber #KCA 
if i ever find out the universe gave hobi another bad dream ever ever ever again i will not 
A quick reminder of President @realDonaldTrump's 
shhh they are 
I have a right to life and this includes my physical body and my soul. I would rather die than be stripped of God. Shame on you state of  …
#SocialDistancing w/ out Mr. Baby would make this so much harder #StayHomeSaveLives #stayhome #StaySafeStayHome #COVID19 #dogs #pitbulls #pitbull 
Turns out, according to recent reports, Italy was calling deaths from others diseases "coronavirus" deaths that inflated their death numbers from the virus.
my first thumbnail ever made for lmk what y'all 
Bitches be not calling Conan attractive or hot then boom wyws video bitches full on thirsting
My girl asked if she should get tested for COVID-19 and I answered ya tienes la corona mi Reyna
Hoshi is really a very patience man 
This is amazing. She's used Azure Pipelines  test, run AND SCREENSHOT homebrew 6502 ASM projects for the freaking NES (Nintendo Entertainment System.) The cloud is amazing. Check out the azure-pipelines.yml. AND she used the FREE TIER.  …
OH BOY WE GOT A PHONE LINE FOR #OVADOSERADIO TONIGHT !!!! #CURFEWPOPUP #PAJAMANIGHT
your relationship is your business. you and your partner can do whatever tf works for y’all no matter how strange or unconventional it may seem to outsiders
#BikinisForTheCure wants you to know, there are plenty of simple recipes available to make #handsanitizer at home, with ingredients that may never be in short supply or you probably already have in your bathroom cabinet. #StayAtHome #QuarantineActivities #Cleavage #Bra 
If you got a girl you should not be in girl’s dms telling them they look good or being overly friendly. Like if you wouldn’t say or do it in front of your girl, don’t do it at all. Flirting is a form of cheating!!!!
Over-the-top. However, that said, prepare for food  …
This is EXACTLY the time to call out the man who is responsible for leaving our country wide open to a deadly virus for two months. Now feck off.
Keep your focus, team! What’d you think of TEEN TITANS 
“As long as me a  …
I stress out a lot when a horse in a movie is mad (ears flat back) and no one is doing anything
Bro, den your anonymous sweet messages den crushing things dierr more be from boys oo. Make you no make your eye get laidat.
A lot of people are angry because the first marvel non binary character is called "snowflake" Somehow, marvel managed to piss off the entire political spectrum Except me, because I'm getting an unlimited amount of fun out of 
I miss your smell so 
This is the Drake we need I hope this Drake leak and Usher is not a one and 
"How are you coping?" "How are you holding up?" Any further  …
This is like The Dress but hornier
I’ll never forget who @ErinOTooleMP and @PeterMacKay revealed themselves to be. 790 people died in Italy today.
The most terrifying account yet. A Medical Worker Describes Terrifying Lung Failure From COVID-19 — Even in His Young Patients —  …
You want to know what is being done with this toilet paper? Go to ebay and google toilet paper! Price gouging at its finest! I reported 10 accounts  …
I act like everything’s okay but deep down I wanna be talked through it
“three 
I'm much grosser in person.
Gyms are closed so boobs it is
Voice actors, musicians, and anyone using a microphone at home: FREE Acoustical Improvements for Recording at  …
Queen Helena my  …
Almost 5 years until SSGSS official reveal. Probably the best modern form reveal as we had the character design, screnshots with both aura and aura less and in action vs Golden 
Layla, Spencer just tryna love you
So, this one is NSFW, so thank you JD and Iso for again still sharing this I appreciate your unending support for my work, and to everyone else, I hope you enjoy, the host site I normally use isn’t working unfortunately, again, recorded via phone,  …
fellas... I'm gay... lonely... and I... want... a girlfriend.
#operanight here i am, there you 
Anyone else beginning to feel this crisis is a gift to this government ? Its given them unlimited scope to express their deepest darkest principles without question. They are not really helping anyone. They are investing for when this is over.
Out for a walk on an empty trail, guy walking past moved to the far side of the path, so did I. We kept our social distance. As he passed, I notice it was Kevin Bacon. That's right, I was #sixfeetfromkevinbacon Keep your distance. Stay safe.
Went to Walmart to get some groceries and all I got was some candy and a loaf of bread. No meat to be found anywhere
SOUND OF GUNSHOTS: Yonge St + Gould St - reports of gunshots - 1 victim located - @Toronto_Fire o/s - @TPS51Div o/s - @TorontoMedics o/s - victim being transported with life- threatening injuries to hospital #GO580138 ^ep2
It's clear the pharma and biotech industry are planning on using the #COVIDー19 crisis to profit and grow their power. Q I'm thinking of, how can we stop and reverse the rationing and needless deaths? #insulin4all #access2meds
Little girls caught running, on a trampoline with scissors, cutting each others hair. This is true 
Not going to lie I can vibe to this 
COVID-19 treatment might already exist in old drugs – we're using pieces of the coronavirus itself to find them  … via @ConversationUS
Rental properties are banned tomorrow. What do people think  …
Is it possible that players can die in the dungeon? Because life insurance is real expensive. - N-no. But y-you know how things 
bored asf in my 
Should I bring back this style of bamboo? 
Marina 
RT if you see your kink breeding breeding breeding breeding breeding breeding breeding no one will know which one
Corona cases hit 300k. Deaths hit 13k. Worldwide
Tune in with us every morning at 8 a.m MT/ 10 a.m ET on Facebook and Instagram for daily asana and meditation classes that will soothe your nerves, provide sustained energy, and help you stay sane amidst all of the 
people hurt you then wonder why you got so cold
Why Abuja and Kaduna dey Very close? imma moving to Bauchi state Ya Allah Forgive our  …
On my way to #TCMParty for Dial M for 
Grab a Drink - First time Live stream Djing! Talk to  …
i wake up everyday feelin like 
Next on #svengoolie: Be careful where you stick those fangs, Drac. Can't trust anyone these 
2015-16 Dubs 
Israel is culpable for every coronavirus death in Gaza.
Flex Mr.Davis  …
Ireland will be in total lockdown soon because of the amount of idiots amongst us that can’t seem to grasp the gravity of the situation, Glendalough today a perfect example , stay at home and keep your distance from other people ffs
Local Govts are used to adapting to political changes around policy, but nothing of this scale and magnitude in literally days. These late afternoon announcements from Govt don’t help, it means Council staff are now working through the night trying to figure out what it means.
Saturday 
If you know you 
im so tired of being home
"Enjoying your new permafrost, Olaf?" as Anna's first line of dialogue is the most blatant pipe-laying I have ever seen?
I’ve held off from downloading tik tok for so long, but this quarantine might break me
Unfortunate accident that happened at work that may have ended up in a death. I'm also seeing someone passing away while traveling to work or from work or while on vacation. Your passed on loved ones want to tell you that they are at peace and they love you very much. They're
this is just "FINALLY. WATER EMBLEM." all over  …
Chinese Virus Poll! Is it worth closing The Country putting millions of people out of work and perhaps sending us into a Depression worth 300 lives? #CoronavirusPandemic @realDonaldTrump
Hopefully I’m not too late for the #TwitterModelTrainShow! Here I have two  that I designed and built over ten years ago, plus the brake van that I just finished building. My  take a very classic approach with their design looking like they’re from the 
Hey guys, since most businesses in nyc are closing due to COVID-19, my father's cafes (Connecticut Muffin) are still open for to-go. All locations are in Brooklyn! support your local businesses 
documents └why don’t we’s music └why don’t we’s best song └i still do
Here's a short clip of Hailey on Judah and Justin's 
3 gay people staring at each 
i miss Epiphany 
In Brussels, police are deploying drones with loudspeakers that make announcements warning people to respect #SocialDistancing and not gather in large crowds. (via 
China 10 weeks ago: There is no virus. China 8 weeks ago: Okay there is a virus, but it's not serious. China 4 weeks ago: Okay the virus is serious but it wasn't our fault. China today: Viruses are good and we take full responsibility for unleashing this into the  …
Does anyone else feel like life will fundamentally change for us after this pandemic is over? I feel like there’s no way we can go back to normal after all of this horror.
Good thing The Walton family, the wealthiest family in the U.S. worth $200B provides excellent healthcare for their workers; NOT. Rob Walton: $54.1B Jim Walton: $53.9B Alice Walton: $52.9B Lukas Walton - $18.8B Christy Walton: $8.6B Nancy Walton Laurie: $5.86B Ann Walton: $5.02B  
Someone rebuilt the Half Life 2 Plaza for Steam VR Home... with the new ALYX environement assets. Beautiful mashup. Check out a video about it here:   …
I still think COVID 19 is blown out of proportion. So many illnesses have killed and still kill more people but don't get half the attention. Maybe we felt we were over performing as a civilisations and decided to reduce the bar on ourselves.
A gift by the lovely @ChibiJenHen_Art! Thank you so much, my love! Permission granted to color her sketch. 
. @CBP is allowing hundreds of Mexican vehicles to cross into the United States, despite @realdonaldTrump's ban on nonessential travel. "It was a giant s--t show ... Nobody followed the directive, a plain and simple 
“Where have all the anti-vaxers gone... Corona-silent Where have all the anti-vaxers gone? Self-quarantine, I know....” (Didst I offend thou? Too bad. Sometimes you need to mock Idiocracy.)
i love the 
pandemics make people act in different ways . u learn lot bout somebody lol
Damn..... Pre cum technically IS a nigga getting wet but nah
The answer to Question #5 was Germ (from Mirrodin Besieged's Living Weapon) and Zombie Army (from War of the Spark's Amass). Many people got this one. 5 points.
Females ain’t dumb we know when some creep shit going on
Why don’t you have Google Home or Alexa? This ain’t  …
Randy and I drove around town this afternoon. It felt good to get out and we enjoyed seeing the snow melting and the hope of spring!! #StayHomeMN #QuaratineLife #rochmn
Rihanna's nonprofit organization, the Clara Lionel Foundation, has donated $5 million towards Coronavirus response efforts on a global  …
This is going downhill fast. We’re just 1 Barr away from fascism.
This just happened a few minutes ago during @sorana_xxxx's Street Fighter V CE live stream. Mah boi, @ItsDaniPlays demonstrating his amazing skills! Dani's username is HunterKILLAH on @PlayStationEU #StreetFighter #SFVCE  …
It’s been 38 days since we all started this quarantine and  lost track of time.
Art trade with @Shady_Moonstone I luv 
Calvinists *full sperg out*: You have to be drawn! Only the drawn can escape TOTAL DEPRAVITY! Jesus: And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me. John 12:32 Baptsts: Thanks Jesus. Calvinists: NOOOOOOOO YOU GOTTA BE THE SOVEREIGN ELECTARINO LIKE MEEEEE
The alarming power of exponential growth from the inimitable @tomrocksmaths ... and the power we each have to curb it!  
↳ “ cold eyes ice dive touch warm melt 
She was like he invited 
With all the trading, sarcasm and all kinds of things I post here, it is important to remember that there is real-world out there that deals with a serious crisis. The  out of Italy are terrifying, and I wanted to support all Italians out there. Italy, I'm with 
24 and ... oh? Tune in now to @fswisconsin to watch this @Bucks classic! Stream:  
Italy apparently has massively overprotected the death rate so there’s that
Y’all know what, I’ve got a bunch of great customers. Thank all y’all .
I find this quite offensive cuz people can’t decide which kind of family to born in. Yeah your faves are lucky enough to be born in a rich family, but this shouldn’t be something to bash other idols from a rather low  family.
it’s so funny how every time irene shows a literal normal person amount of goodwill in a mans direction people will start brandishing it like a daesang, is this what relevance is
“There is no one way to anything.” Chinua Achebe, who died 7 years ago today, having lived through wars and pandemics and various human poisons of the spirit, on how storytelling helps us survive history's worst  …
It’s is 6:58 pm on a Saturday and I am laying in my bed watching Netflix. Wanna know what I should be doing? Blacking out. I’m mad
Bobby came from a rather low  family and he gave up everything to  an idol and bring his family back to sk. Your faves came from wealthy family and don’t have to worry about the  thing before debut, they are lucky. You should never bring this kind of issue  …
Come November Asian Americans need to remember #Trump put their name on this pandemic @AndrewYang needs to make sure  doesn't forget. Trump risks their lives every time he stereo types CODVID 19, make him pay.
rain on 
Right? That’s your job. Reporting facts is what you do. It’s not even that hard especially in this context. Being a reporter in 2020 is a joke. As long as your biased and willing to see how far your lies can stretch without getting caught your considered worthy.
do NOT write a check you cannot cash
My friends and I have planned a FaceTime rager for this evening. I was placed in charge of the dress code. To me, there was only one logical option: 
going live on Instagram soon with my boy @a_dev3 we created and NCAA bracket for you to participate in head to instagram: jflare
am I hungry?? bored??? both???
I note #ScottyFomMarketing didn’t get a guernsey  …
I'm excited to get back on the grind.
People on Twitter are arguing about medical issues with *actual doctors* in Trump’s replies. Dumbest. Possible.  …
Big happy birthday to our fearless leader & time traveling astronaut-warrior @SonequaMG !!!!! 
Yeah I totally agree lol heyy
Two frontline physicians in #NYC deteriorating from #Covid_19 despite treatment w/ hydroxychloroquine & azithromycin. Hoping @GileadSciences will  use of Remdesivir! Get well soon @jigneshpatelMD & @JesseYisachar #COVIDー19 #WeNeedPPE  
I mean she gave me $15,500 to help my family because my mom is in  but yeah you’re right IMAGINE being a fan of someone so kind and selfless  and loving and hard working and talented ://
Brand new shit. Constant spitting heat. Check it out and peep Deffgxd kill it Listen to Hand Grenade (feat. Deffgxd, prod. Teelonias Monk) by ayefelon #np on #SoundCloud  …
Hispanic Armys are trending #1mesconMOTS7 to celebrate a month of the album. Make sure to support them!  …
Armed with machine guns, They should be armed with thermometers, hand sanitizer, disposable gloves and face  …
Damn I wish I was that  …
this is what we should be doing instead of going crazy and fighting one  …
He went in for a kiss and she ain’t want it so her mouth fell off. This bitch headbutts him and kills him. That’s what I  …
I am literally incredible at folding a fitted sheet. I should be studied.
my whole timeline is animal crossing and I'm so happy
Congratulations to Lauren Morris and Makayla Hinshaw for being named to the Hoosier Crossroads Honorable Mention All Conference Team.
I CANNOT BELIEVE  …
When the person that wins doesn’t follow you
I love a Lady Duck 
Idris Elba shares coronavirus update, denies he's in critical condition in intensive care  #FoxNews
Retweet and reply at least five times! C’mon guys. SELENATORS RARE ATTACK #LoseYouToLoveMe #BestLyrics 
jungkook if you ever see this, for whatever reason, please lemme boop your nose k bye i love  …
You have no idea how theraputic this has been. It has been stupendous to talk to you again. Be careful. Obey instructions. One love. Carry each other.
Trump has to extort someone first.
// My muse: I'm not pretty I don't understand why ppl keep calling me pretty Me: draws him in a freaking kimono with his hair done up all pretty #HazbinHotel #HazbinHotelOC 
say Alhamdulillah for the hardships that brought you back to Allah
OU announced updated travel guidelines requiring all OU employees, students, residents and "mission-critical campus visitors/vendors" returning from international or domestic travel  an online screening before returning to 
Thousands of people in Oregon lost their jobs only to see people partying in parks and beaches. I rarely give my personal opinion on political topics but it's time to shut it down. Reasonably people want their leaders to give them clear orders.
IF YOU ARE AN ARIANA FAN: V O T E ONE RT = ONE VOTE.. ONE REPLY = ONE VOTE. ONE TWEET = ONE VOTE... @ArianaGrande #VoteArianaGrande 
He’s a former 1st-round pick averaging about 3 catches per game. There’s nothing wrong with depth and special teams additions to improve a football team. #Raiders needed it last year. Every signing isn’t going to be a home-run  …
.@TLDoublelift picks up his 1500th #LCS Regular Season kill! 
He needs to send the police and army to the streets and send people home... there are dickheads in our country who clearly do not want  …
Who is she? 
Grocery run 
Day 33 of #100DaysOfCode Starting the MongoDB and Mongoose Challenges 
2HYPE 2 HOUR CUSTOM OUTFIT DIY 
yeah, this is a strawberry pockey stick. and what about 
Horrible performance by the players tonight. It’s like they weren’t even there
Why do y’all like being the side piece so much? Stop being the green beans, the corn, the side salad and be the whole  …
“It's World War Three. This is the time to overreact. If I'm wrong, that's great, but at least we're prepared. But if I'm not wrong, then we're in major trouble." ⁦ @JohnTory⁩ ⁦ @fordnation⁩ ⁦  …

I refuse to identify as a conservative is it means being pro-trans, pro-gay, anti-God, pro-porn, and just for the general promotion of degeneracy. Then fuck it, I am not a conservative then.
How’s the social distancing going 
I always make kinder decisions when I’m stoned.
Ragnarok is the best movie Marvel has put out. Argue with a fucking wall about it.
I played animal crossing for 9 hours today...this is the first time in a long time that I've lost track of time while playing videogames. This is beautiful.
Doesn’t matter the game, you all show up and show out 
more! @TurzVen @Judicael @MomoHart_ @Open_Abyss 
IT FUCKING  …
uh um my house ? 
#shoutout to IGA in #northvan for signing #SocialDistancing 
I drew a long haired jk for good mental health #jk #jungkook #정국 #btsfanart 
VOTE FOR SHAWN WE’RE LOSING GOAL 500 replies 70 rts #KCA 
Wow, beautiful #MagnumSona! We love the black and gold color  …
Let's stop the war on the Minister of Health and target the real enemy, this pandemic. We can course-correct, ABs: 1. If $20/call isn't fair for docs, it can be changed. Let's lobby for fair. 2. Talking to some docs, Telus may offer video/chat platform to all. Good news.
So 
Ah yes my village girl waifu operator from a remote country. Lidi-Ahye-Yesemo, Nightingale scout and tracker, loves cooking, Mapo Tofu is her speciality. P3: some textures made for her, same as in previous posts but in higher-res, in case anyone wants them. 
me in my bed room right 
Maybe we could send the space force?
Love how Mayock is addressing the depth on this team last year finishing the season 1-5 showed the lack of depth the #Raiders had hopefully things will be different next year
This is the ORIGINAL PROJECT "EXO Doodle Google"! This fanbase is fighting since 2018 to make it possibly! SINCE 2018! Why is so hard to Join the project? Help them! Don't take their hardwork as yours! At least Ask them so you can join and spread it or whatever #EXO  …
Weirdly ton of canned clams and clam juice available, 
EVRYONE SHUT THE FUXK 
Staggering to think that this is what Democrats are rushing in to support. They have all the leverage and it's going to end up as a huge giveaway to GOP donor  …
Being part of Texas Tech S&C staff as an intern was a blessing. I loved it and cherished every moment. I couldn’t thank you enough for what y’all have done for me in my S&C journey. Good Luck with this  summer workouts. Until Next time 
I went thru a whole bunch of their vids and it turns out his mum is really mentally and emotionally abusive to him that's what his account is based around and he can't move out because she makes him give her about half of what he earns so he can't save
I'm gonna say this again...and again...and again...and again...and again...and again...and again...and again...and again...and again...and again...and again...and again...and again...and again...and again... Give us Liv Morgan merch, @WWEShop! @YaOnlyLivvOnce 
Interior as Sculpture Benjamin Gingold, Gingold Residence (1958) 4745 Girard Avenue South, Minneapolis, MN Photos: Warren Reynolds Via Progressive Architecture (May 
ok here this is him sleeping on the floor after going on a long walk 
Joe Biden slams Trump for bungling coronavirus response in ‘He Knew’  …
"Lieutenant Tsurumi is gonna scold me!" #AnimalCrossing 
tw blood brocade immortal #tgcf #天官赐福 #yinyu 
Also, state and local governments are bending over backwards to relax regulations and taxes during Covid-19. Proving these regulations and taxes were BS to begin with.
wait more cute filter selfies 
- GTA be like: Respray car, $235,000
2 years ago, after finding out my previous job only had 2 weeks of runway at a time, I was pissed bc I thought it was irresponsible to run  like that We're only weeks into this crisis & many large and small businesses are letting people go. So I guess this is the norm?
3 hours of LAX Airport Plane Spotting from 20 years ago! =================== WATCH FULL VIDEO  =================== #avgeek #justplanes #laxairport @flyLAXairport #planespotting #planespotting 
Trump knew in January. He was briefed in January. They were briefed in February. Trump only began to take this seriously in past two weeks, and even then he was trying to manipulate the markets, not contain the spread of covid19. He's lying - use your words and say it.
Mayhem reported at Atlanta Airport. Customs & TSA have NO masks and few gloves. Stay well @JoshuaPotash  …
Social Distancing handwashing and curfews are simply NOT ENOUGH. We cant stop the virus if we dont know who is infected. The best way to know is MASS TESTING! Why is the govt not doing it? The only mass testings i knew of are the ones extended to politicians and their families!
We were on the trail... they were there, trusting us. #birds #birding #birdwatching Blue 
Also important to remember symbiotic relationship with eat-out cafes. Pret a Manger has said it is closing its 400 cafes from this evening. Where are those located? In the city centres where supermarket's food storage capacity (inc refridgerated/frozen storage) is most-limited.
My biggest fear is endin' up a used to 
Yo, I'm just not registering how aggressively and astronomically horny this nigga was when he wrote this and.... It does not hit the  …

Does anybody else get the feeling that there’s another shoe to drop w/ the #CCPvirus #pandemic? Sure, “Mother Nature” gave this disease to the world, but don’t y’all think #China‘s planned for such an event? Bringing all their people home seems like a prelude to something  …
X-Factors make Madden more exciting.
IT IS TIME! We are live and answering YOUR questions and talking about the future.... Live:  #OurCurse
Uncut Gems is the most stressful film I've ever watched.
The travel ban bought priceless time the state and local authorities needed to mobilize resources for the inevitable wave of infection.
Good morning #DonKiss and #DonKissFam Wake up, wake up, sleepyheads!! @donnypangilinan 
Oh Princess, allow me to retort! The wealthy are NOT the U.S. backbone. It is the working men and women who are the backbone, arms, legs, and, and soul of this  …
Irish Government considers Cuban drugs to help curb spread of deadly  …
I’m tired of fighting. For once, I want to be fought for.
. March 22, 2012 Following their debut showcase, BTOB held their very first music show performance at M Countdown, where in they both performed Insane and Imagine :  @OFFICIALBTOB #BTOB 
paid £200 for a stripper and she wouldnt take off her facemask
Laid my eyes on @DevenRue 's beautiful work again in the new Wildemount book which reminded me of this piece inspired by Deven. If you arent already following her - go now. She's signing books, check her page for details #wildemount #themenageriecoast  …
This is a significant milestone and a testament to the @USArmy ability to fight a range of threats. @ArmyResearchLab  …
FINTA DO BRASIL #みんな大好きフィンタ #ユニ映え #ユニ映えコンテスト #番外編 笑 #フットゴルフ #フィンタ #ブッシュネル 
I can’t wait to go cliff jumping!! Quarantine pls be over & Summer  faster
IG Timelines Push ups Shots Meg Thee Stallion - Savage Ty$singing about something new.... Rinse & Repeat
LIVESTREAM BEGINS 7PM PST NEXT FRIDAY 3/27/20 ON TWITCH the @SlanderOfficial boys and i will be releasing the full video set of night 2 at the shrine and live-streaming it to talk to you guys!! it’s gonna be an awesome time and we can answer all your guys questions after 
This is  …
yeah they 
If I had things my way I’d have you as mine
Imagine u post a picture with ur partner and  full of “LMFAOOOOOOOOO” id leave social media forever
lol not serious but she was 100% endorsed by the same woman who funds him so is it that far fetched? Clark here gets me.  … Btw I want ya’ll to take notice the difference in reactions to a WOC posting the same thing as a white man & the amount of trust placed
8 seconds of focus,effort, & strain! #Packforces  …
Cherry picking relief funds in favor of states that went for him over those that didn’t? Where did I hear this before?
Trump is a whole mood  …
Me_irl  
Me backing it for my mcm  …
shoot your shot. you never know how it will turn out. a lot of the silence is fear based. there’s secrecy and blocking of energy. quit blocking your energy from them. fear will forever hold you back from opportunity.
Yes, which is why the authorities’ “masks don’t help” message was so  …
© 
Is Ben Carson a real surgeon, I mean really? I'm genuinely curious. Did something happen to him between now and his surgeon days because boy I can't imagine him being able to peel a potato, let alone do brain surgery.
the way beliza dropped their wedding tweets last june and the only thing we’ve seen  closest to a kiss is this five-pixelated-not-even-sure-whether she-kissed-his-cheek-or-lips moment ahh who’s doing it like 
And special thanks go out to all the workers in the Waste Management biz. Garbage collection is crucial for maintaining cleanliness right now, & these guys are exposed to everything that WE are trying to disinfect from. Stay safe guys, & much gratitude to you for what u do.  …
I accidentally texted my brother instead of my 
Has anyone checked on  …
 …
tried making a pompompurin hat :3 #AnimalCrossing #ACNH 
Mrs. Skaggs is setting up her area so she can record videos for her kindergarten students and first graders. Teachers are always so resourceful! ⁦ 
Better dead than  …
The sunhas to shine most of the day tomorrow, PLEASE don’t plan a day out. Today towns were crowded,shops full, playparks jumping, PLEASE don’t go where people gather. The choice u make will save lives or end them PLEASE be a hero stay at home save lives #StayHomeSaveLives #NHS
when you spend too much time on r/kekistan and accidently call your mom a n*gger
this is the best video i have ever 
Quarantine day  – at Morro do Salgueiro
What happened to @ValueAnalyst1 ? @schristakos @28delayslater @jpr007 
IM BACK HI PLS DONT UNF I GOT LOCKED SO MY FOLLOWERS GOT MESSED UP
Ecuador’s Minister of Health @CataAndramuno has quit. She says the government did not give enough medical supplies for #Covid_19 emergency.
tik tok be hurting 
She's soft, not weak
Why is Grannies Heilen Hame, owned by Park Deans still open? This needs to stop. The  cannot handles a mass influx of people, potentially  ill and spreading this virus. #Highlands
BREAKING NEWS: The masks on their way to DOH, thanks to @GovInslee for your quick work with @MayorJenny, @SEIU1199NW, & all of you, for your work to get these #n95 #masks off @Target shelfs and into into the hands of #medicalstaff and #firstresponders! Appreciate your leadership
Deep within my soul, there’s a Caroline Calloway, desperate to get out
I’ve seen more acts of kindness in the last week than I have in years. I guess it just takes the threat of all of us dying in a global pandemic to care about each other again. But, I’ll take it.
i wish i had freckles 
Korea has one of the best health system yet their judicial system is the worst! What the hell is  …
i'm in control of everything, except love.
!! Thank you!! I tried to throw goodies into most orders.  …
Will you attending the baddest virtual soca fete TONIGHT @9? Drop some if you’re ready for the vibes! 
Hey @MyVMUG leaders. Some are already working on this. But please reach out to your regional @vmware #SE’s and get us scheduled to give some Virtual VMUG education sessions. Use that @zoom_us Webinar Functionality. @BradTompkins_ @wivmug @IndyVMUG @ChicagoVMUG @mnvmug
NDSU FOOTBALL - Generations of 
im just getting ready when jungkook will post a selca 
literally the prettiest b*tch ever I hate 
I haven’t seriously written for many months now and my soul is crying for that expression.
Globalist at Davos: We need something to put everybody out of work. All 7.8 billion people? Give or take. But we only have a few thousand #COVID19 deaths. Yeah, but what if you have #coronavirus and just don't know it yet? Well, that could be anybody or everybody. BINGO!
This is INCREDIBLE!!! Please keep watching the footage, spreading the love & donating. Thankyou all so much, every like/retweet could be another donation  …  
That's not conclusive. Someone else may have coughed in their face before you did... So to lower the odds of a false positive, one should cough in as many rich persons' faces as possible...
Most retail stores have very limited space in their receiving rooms. TP and paper towels are low $items that take up a shitload of shelf space. Their sales rates are usually predictable. Any shortage from panic buying is temporary.
We are taking a proactive approach @SamsonCree by ensuring our staff are safe during this Covid19 pandemic, we are also ensuring our members receive all the essential services needed @ErmineskinCree @LowaBeebe @windspeakernews @wetaskiwincity @TownofPonoka 
Imagine the world ending on your way to chop gbola or on your way back after chopping it. Na hell fire you go go straight
My thread dis  
Ahh, memories....Mike Pence wears his opposition to the 2008 Wall Street rescue with pride  … via @bpolitics
The local whale has it's mask 
We *need* more PPEs! Do you have some? Can you get some? Can you make some? If yes PLEASE CONTACT ME ASAP! @MA_Senate doing our level best to help get PPEs to the people/places that need them. 617-722-1555 Becca.rausch@masenate.gov #mapoli #COVID19  …
Being on weverse really feels like we're part of @BTS_twt group text
... rest assured ... you are not alone ... #assurance 
I’ve never seen Craig Park in Brea so crowded. GO THE FUCK HOME.
Big Jim - “Now if y’all dont stay at home like we’ve already said to do.. a tsunami is gonna hit and we won’t be able to put Humpty Dumpty back together again for 
 about how horrible my life is during a spiral only to realize it was a minor inconvenience that i could have easily worked through  …
follow everyone who retweets and likes this
Broke my wife out of isolation before she went bonkers and took her to the mountains for a hike.. #CompletelyUnplugged 
#KAI: i give 
¡Kenny's birthday! I'm back to this fandom, again, so I felt like I MUST draw my angEl, here he is #SouthPark #sp 
Fdr this morning. I'm swelling with 
jungkook doesnt even have to eat cd for breakfast lunch and dinner because he IS the goddamn cd!!!! 
So Maui and I do this thing where I try to take his picture, and he avoids eye contact because he sees the phone. Sometimes he can’t help it though and looks up. Here you go. The dog behind this 
The funniest bit is the dude behind the biggest fixpacks for Skyrim and 4 is if memory serves also one of the biggest proponents for the idea of paid modding. You know, the thing a lot of people lose their shit over all the time?
Top 10 Songs of @BTS_twt on YT Global this wk 12: #1 27.2M ON #2 9.44M Black Swan #3 8.76M BWL #4 4.41M IDOL #5 4.33M DNA #6 3.75M Fake Love #7 3.42M MDR #8 3.37M Friends #10 3.02M WAB: Eternal #KCA #VoteBTS
Ah bugger! Well, we had a good run Port Adelaide & Adelaide Football Clubs - it was a lovely 20 odd years we shared but unfortunately it’s now time for you to exit the AFL. Gonnamissyousomuchbyeeeeee!  …
Not for nothin’, but what happened to Tom and Rita?!?
Safety @PhillyWill11 says playing for #Broncos "saved his life." He's leaving for Philadelphia with hope and great memories. My #Denver7 story on the fan favorite:  
No dia 21 de Janeiro foi divulgad a nova tour do BTS 'BTS MAP OF THE SOUL TOUR'. 
Happy 
y’all are amazing. I wanna hug you all but I also don’t want corona virus so just know I love you, ok? ٩( 'ω' )و
Quarantine Day 5. Made a stunning 
It looks like open the gates to unvetted migrants from terrorist countries, but I will bet anything that these America-hating Democrats will extend it to migrants from  …
(pictured below) Mark Waid vs Richard 
TITLE: Palmtree Panic 'B' Mix / Palmtree Panic [Bad Future] ARTIST: Naofumi Hataya ALBUM: SONIC THE HEDGEHOG CD Original Soundtrack 20th Anniversary Edition ADDITIONAL NOTES: IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT 
“I could have been a scientist if I wasn’t President.” Trump and the head of the FDA gave apparently  about the availability of the drug. Trump said chloroquine had been approved and could be given to patients with a  …
everything about him is perfect. literally everything. there is not a single flaw on this 
Cathy 
Now is the perfect time to gain a skill and pick up some good habits, don’t sleep
Thank you Ozzy’s Burgers for showing us what #OntarioSpirit really is by delivering free meals to the hard working frontline health care workers at Toronto Western  …
we’ll never forget, before the second show, he wandered into our dressing room while we were warming up and said “oooh man... i guess i better do me some of those too.” sending prayers to his family. he will be missed, but not 
I have been harassed by a wide range of people at this point, and I have to say that being targeted by Weinstein was one of the most intimidating. Because he has huge amounts of mainstream institutional power and I spent a lot of 2019 terrified he would ruin my career.
So are we gonna make this guy  …
Because sometimes ya can’t get in to town to pick up breakfasts and lunches the Flagler school board is providing for the kids. 
*Journalist: I want to be provocative and load up a question so that no matter how you answer it you will undermine your credibility and look like a fool so that we can get a sound-bite for Fake News; is that okay? *Pompeo: Anyone here not a  …
mano 
FGN failed everyone. As far back as 2 weeks ago, entry into the country should have been stopped for high risk countries & Nigerian citizens who came back should have been  isolation in converted hotels on the mainland before returning home.
i see no 
So many families on the trails today. Beautiful day to practice social 
I hope all the men that don’t only decorate with red, black, or gray had a great day
tap like to let him step on you ignore to see his smile disappear 
bright gal 
No jersey looks better than the traditional Georgetown grey. I will die on this hill.
My way of coping with the pandemic is calling my immigrant parents and having them tell Me that this pandemic is  to the Bosnian war and that I jsut have to take off my shoes before walking into the house
“I need a change in every detail in my life.”
Dad... I think I see the corona .. 
cosmo and wanda type beat i 
If you book  show , make sure you send out individual cancellation messages to everyone you’ve booked. I went to a couple of my scheduled gigs yesterday and all I got was ARRESTED
Am I ugly be 
I'm going to hit up #Netflix I'll see you at 10 for a new 
I believe the biggest petition in @MoveOn history was one in 2010 calling for cancelling student debt as a way to help the economy. This is a no-brainer -- a fundamental plank in a grassroots  …
Amongst the challenges we are in, this is a good message. On behalf of @cdnpork pork producers, I also thank tireless leaders like @mclaudebibeau @CFIAPresACIA @ChrisWForbes we don’t live in a perfect world, but working together will make it  …
“Um... hey... are you a 
This might sound crazy but.....house parties don’t count as social distancing
Tribute to essential health care workers set for 8 p.m. across the US  #FoxNews
Mr. President @realDonaldTrump here is what every biz owner in USA (& their employees) are thinking, but no one else has my media platform, or balls to say it out loud. Let HEROES of American business shoulder the risk and go to work. We're ready to  …
It's clear that our current quarantine regime is not sustainable for more than a month or two. We ought to be brainstorming solutions—and yes, that includes solutions that leverage the fact that everyone carries a smartphone. A few ideas.
Let’s rock this quarantine together!  
THE GOVERNMENT LITERALLY KNOWS HOW MUCH MONEY EVERY SELF-EMPLOYED PERSON IN THE UK MADE, TO THE PENNY. WE TOLD THEM ON 31 JAN.
Retweet for a surprise in ur DM - ur 
funny how delusional some people are, obvs can’t handle it when shoes on other foot
From my story  … last night. Nothing’s changed for #Seahawks and Jadeveon Clowney. Apparently $18.5M/yr in a multiyear from SEA. $3-5M less per year in a 1-year 
Don't forget Monday night at 9.30pm est we go live on YouTube to celebrate our 100th session of the pod. We hope you can join us. #TradeAddicts
I’ve been Very Blessed with some really good players, and Very Thankful to be able to work with the Best coaching staff in Oklahoma. “Success is not a destination, it’s a journey.” @OKCCBSSPORTS105 @CoachGaryHarper @d_harper22 @Coach_ZKnox  
WHY ISNT THIS ON DISNEY PLUS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Be safe you beautiful national  …
I don't know what these accurate renderings of Robert and Stannis Baratheon have to do with the quarantine  …
Just killed the biggest spider I’ve ever seen! It’s true, not all superheroes wear capes
This isn’t a subtweet, just a PSA. Guys don’t like hearing “awww” bc we’re not little kids or puppies
For anyone who watched the McGregor vs Khabib fight now on ESPN and want to know what happened in the post-fight brawl Here is my investigation breakdown I did on it back  …
Dave after seeing Tom in a Bucs 
The Turner’s found their new quarantine 
Timeless 
Same energy 
// @katagawajun 's secret and scary Madam Katagawa I love your story. Thanks for always playing(?) with Skag 
why did they have to take the photo from every possible angle  …
the only regret is not having more sex tbh
Some cuddles  in clutch rn
CEO Kim, @STARSHIPent You have acknowledged Monbebes loud & continuous support of Wonho. Now do something with that knowledge. Make him an offer. Apologise. Support @OfficialMonstaX properly.  
I would listen carefully to Bill Bowtell before making that pronouncement. Keeping schools open and pushing the importance of social distancing is contradictory.
#SatWriters! @_RLMT @isaacrthorne @ThtJasonSpencer @maryannwrites @deann_native @SandyRStuckless @thecandyburke @GraceBellawrite @BenBarbossa @MOTU_Kent @LisaDMeyer @KerriDavidson20 @CrEndacott @CAASBREY @jballou6 @MJFahy2 @dadthatwrites @MatthewTPritt – The Editors
Surprise, surprise, your pal whom disbelieves in the concept of money is having difficulties with the capitalism  …
I will forever be grateful that my boyfriend is my  …
Please  …
when the wolf  a teen, idk i haven’t seen the 
I know these are for different things but I find it funny to see them next to eachother.  and stay home! @OfficialMonstaX @eshygazit 
We all know @TSM_ImperialHal doesn’t lose those...
Channeling 
In January this vegan sausage was wanting to be friends so I bought it and put it in the freezer and now finally we’re going to find out if it’s a true ARE YOU THE ONE connection but also there’s cake for dinner if not.
day 7: time to start watching marvel movies in 
Collect moments...Not things The Taj Mahal was unlike anything I’ve ever seen. This moment captured it all for me. Enjoy . . Another World Wonder crossed off the list 5/7 down! Colosseum & Grand Canyon left! 
more 
Alright alright, it's almost that time again. Tonight we've got Physical Therapy and Jubilee on deck - cozy up to your laptop and lock in over at  from 8pm - 
Let’s Have The Biggest Follow Train Ever, Retweet This #TRAPHOUSE #LittyGangCampaign FOLLOW TRAIN FOLLOW TRAIN FOLLOW TRAIN FOLLOW TRAIN FOLLOW TRAIN Comment “” & follow whoever likes it
. @rdhinds: The greatest of the doom sayers, I include @CollingwoodFC's Eddie Maguire, said that sport can go under. Let's just say, as long as there's a bat and a ball, or a footy, sport won't go under. We'll still play. It will just be different. 
Here’s a good one!   …
Wanna guess what my sister's pastor is doing  with social distancing? You'd think it would be to close church & continue streaming the service like he does every Sunday but nope he's making them go to a parking lot and sit in their cars. Bc that makes perfect sense.
I'm super excited that the release of Half-Life: Alyx is less than two days away now. (In my biased opinion, I think it's really freaking good.) But, it is a bummer that, because of the coronavirus, we can't all be together as  to celebrate on Monday.
 for 
i lost my coke last night #sucks
Should @realDonaldTrump resign?
UNITE IN PRAYER AROUND THE WORLD People everywhere are joining together—with one heart, one voice, one prayer—to see COVID-19 halted, lives healed, hardships mitigated, and an outpouring of God’s Spirit! Join the UNITE714 movement! More info  
A new CTCR statement has just been posted regarding the Lord's Supper. "The sole purpose of this response is to promote and encourage the proper practice of the Lord's Supper in faithfulness to the teaching and example of Christ." #covid19 
Friendship breakups are so weird especially when theres no beef ur just not that CLOSE anymore like damn I thought you’d be in charge of all the events at my wedding but now ur jus someone I say hi to in order to avoid awkwardness
I’m dyslexic, so I’d rather go fuck myself than go read a book.
This makes me simultaneously very sad (that this problem exists in our country) & also very grateful (for such an incredibly  #GoBlue  …
the love of my life 
grocery stores right 
My heart bleeds for Gaza and what this pandemic means for a society that in the "best of times" scarcely has electricity, clean water, functioning hospitals, and medical  …
she dont know any other way to move her body to music
my sister drunkenly facetiming her grocery haul: “two bottles of wine, coffee..... cheese, a pepper.... and AVOCADOS”
can we have 1 normal 
Brexit by the end of the year will protect UK from Eurozone financial crisis, senior Brexiteers  …
this is the most painful edit i’ve ever watched. just spreading the 
Better player
White supremacist Matt Stoller is spreading his racist garbage again. Unfollow this privileged US liberal-fash if you are human
And it took was Taylor Swift to get me to block a Sussex fan by them making a   comparing her to Meghan. Defend Taylor all you want, I don’t know the issue but her situation is hardly close to anything Meghan goes through. Just no...
I wanna go out but I don't wanna catch covid-19, not because of my health, but because of my family's health.
Pandemics made things so odd. I love  …
Dr. Thomas Kline shares over two plus years of education on chronic health and rare/painful diseases on “The Doctor’s Corner” w/ co-host Jonelle Elgaway @jonelleelgaway &  …
I got a tip from someone that Walgreens had just gotten an emergency shipment of toilet paper. I threw on shorts and bolted there, and got my limit 2 packs, and I feel like I just pulled off a mob 
This maybe 
Tough way to finish the regular season but we're so proud of this squad for pulling off 3rd and advancing to playoffs. Thank you for supporting us all season long. 
Doug is trying to quit smoking during this pandemic and I'm considering smothering him with a pillow in his sleep as an act 
Please O! You people should be very careful the kind of advice you follow on these social media streets. Please O! Don't even listen to me without questioning, verifying, challenging and asserting. Even this tweet, please question, verify, challenge and assert it.
Diane Feinstein didn't get rich from her salary while living in the most expensive place in this country. She has gotten wealthy off the backs of the taxpayers. 
Blackbird is doing everything in its power to meet the cannabis needs of consumers and patients across the US, and specifically in NV where dispensaries are no longer allowed to process in-store orders. Thank you all for your patience. Be safe and be well. #blackbirdgo  …
Do I overthink every situation???
Run this over and over through 
Remember  …
Joe Biden DOES NOT SUPPORT #MedicareForAll TY  to my ted talk
One has to wonder why he is so reluctant to do this. Heck if he did it Dana Bash, Van Jones and the entire Fox News establishment would be drinking out of his shoes, lifts and  …
y’all were texting your ex’s on thanksgiving break, christmas break, at the WW3 announcement, when kobe passed away, now during a pandemic, any excuse to be toxic just get back together damn
That's why she's the most admired and love by millions all over the world.Lalisa knows what people want she dont do half-assed performance, you witness her performance on stage specially in concert,she knows what her fans deserve and she deserve all the success and love by 
Idk who needs to hear this but my language. Is. Not. Your. Fvcking. Aesthetic.
Somewhere out there is a kid who secretly wished that they wouldn’t have to go to church or school, only to find out that everything was cancelled because of a horrible pandemic. If you’re that kid, I’m writing this to reassure you that it’s not your fault. It’s not your fault.
someone in my cc asked me: who in svt would slay in heels? and now i ask y’all...
Lmaoooo Dylan O'Brien Lucas Hedges Logan Lerman Aron Piper George  …
baekhyun in this for bbh2 because he is a royal greek 
My friend Anna Marie, a nurse in the west of France describes it as "people drowning in their own lungs". I'll bow to that supirior knowledge and TAKE THIS THING SERIOUSLY. for my mother sake on #MothersDay  …
Bunny hop! 
I’m 
they would sing and dance to such an emotional song and then act like 
Retired health workers,aged with poor immunity should expose themselves to this risk whiles energetic young health workers  training since 2017 are unemployed Eii Ghana so who dey advice our President mm
You tried to bring the wrong Chris hansen to court 
I don’t know what individuals have been saying, but @Plaid_Cymru position is clear. No one should be relocating, from Birmingham to Borth or from Cardiff to Cardigan. Rural health services aren’t robust in normal times. Can’t cope with extra pressure. People need to stay at home
The first virtual happy hour with my PhD students/coauthors was great! We discussed how we are feeling/dealing with everything going on and strategies for moving forward. @nathan_timbs has the best background (our usual hangout 
Caden Scherer 2020  OF Student Council/ NHS Saying - Dont run on me—seriously..dudes a sniper. Food - Tacos Movie - Superbad Gpa - 3.7 From the 3B Box: Competes at every facet in life. Strives to be the best and works to make sure of it. Great OF w/ plus arm 
FYI Modeling of US #covid19 trajectory from expert in Robert Kock Institute,  …
"Overcrowded facilities housing vulnerable populations are a potential public health risk," said Meara Conway, president of CUPE Local 1949. Inmates should be  …
I was staring at this trying to figure out who they were
My Highlight is like watching the titanic we ain’t got time for that but found this on the phone. 
brb snorting 35mg of 
Stay at home order didn't say who's home. Stop looking at me like that!
#PharmTwitter and #TwitterRx you know what to  …
Does anyone have tools to break into a car? I left my keys in the car
Had to look it up for myself 
Tested positive for arthritis from all these quarantine meat beatings
Malibu is packed Runyon Cyn is packed Griffith Park is packed Farmers Markets are packed So much for staying inside you stupid idiots. Wow.
a mass quarantine finally some space needed for the earth to heal #haiku
It is time for DOOM: A TURTLE!  
and the rain gonna wash away sunset 
i’m non-binary because i want all people to have the opportunity to be gay for me, no matter who THEY are collectivism
I'm just thankful I'm not where I was a year or two ago
Thought I'd put this one out there again just in case  …
hello yes i made noi's tracksuit & noctis' behemoth jacket cuz those are my two obsessions rn #AnimalCrossing #ACNH 
He was getting germs with his pillow. Violence sometimes necessary
hailey @justin right now because all she wanna do is cuddle and watch tv but he keeps going 
Coronavirus in Oklahoma: Ailing attorney warns don't put yourself at  …
BRO ION KNOW IF YAKL UNDERSTAND WHAT IM TRYNA SAY CAUSE IM NOT MAKING SENSE AT ALL BUT ITS LIKE.... DUH HE CHOSE HOPE BECAUSE THATS WHAT HE IS BUT I MEANHDH IM DEEPIN IT AND IT JUST WOULDNT HAVE HIT THE SAME IF HE DIDNT HAVE THE PERSONALITY TO BACK IT UP???? IDK YALL LIKEFKFJFJ
Sooo this is why no one can find food to cook for the next couple days... because of people like this
It’s #WorldDownSyndromeDay, but I prefer to call it Up Syndrome because every person I have met is incredibly amazing & kind! I have a cousin with DS & I’m a huge believer in treating all those with special needs with dignity, respect, kindness & inclusion. Join me, friends.
This is my mama and @tangiebell_ is her twitter handle and and she writes a blog called  and her Instagram is @bitsandbabbles!! This is soooo cool!  …
quarantine log, day 15: i caved and bought a switch on amazon
I find it telling that many of the media outlets omit Alexander's ad hominem attack and interrupting and talking over Trump from their "coverage" to keep their useful idiots in the 
I’ll tell ya what.. this Coronavirus sucks.
Check out this Doom Eternal gameplay video running at 4K with HDR enabled and max settings on an EVGA GeForce RTX 2080 Ti. Use an HDR device or display to see it in it's full HDR  …
Louis Tomlinson is the most gorgeous baby! Look at him 
>get a girlfriend Talking real big shit for the person that tweets about nothing but jade in mk11
Im backkkkkkk shout out to @patchreturns and kombos 
Thanks to @paulgivan for our conversation tonight. Our political differences are many:  to protect the public and save lives is not one of them. Take the advice: social distancing and good hygiene saves  …
I’m so proud of my colleagues at @StandComedyClub @StandGlasgow @StandNewcastle & the acts & customers who TONIGHT made something very special happen during this difficult time THANK YOU ALL
If the city of New Orleans put its parking enforcement officers in charge of coronavirus testing, everyone would have been swabbed by  …
We are pulling (and praying) for you, sir.  …
I LOVE  …
how long is it gonna take for me to be able to terraform my animal crossing island in the shape of shrek’s face
Academy 2016, WE REALLY DID 
radicalization is just punk tf send tweet
GameStop closing all stores as of March 22 due to coronavirus  
Praying for your full recovery.
Says it all, doesn’t it.
The economy in this instance is stopping because someone has decreed that it stop. @GrogsGamut previews the stimulus  … #auspol #COVID–19
WAAAAAAIT I’M SO NOT READY FOR  …
The year is 2034. CoronaVirus killed off most of the population. There are 67,298 genders, it’s illegal to have an opinion or be unvaccinated. The water in every lake has been replaced w essential oils. The age of consent is 2. I am the last straight white male this is my 
(2/2) We therefore urge everyone, irrespective of age range, to take every precaution to protect against this virus by engaging the protocols outlined by the Ministry of Health and Wellness such as hand washing & sanitizing, and maintaining social distance among other practices.
A very old Fucking Slayer pic 
It’s 8:00 PM on a Saturday night and I’m in between meetings and phone calls at the Emergency Operations Center. Had to take a quick break, and instead of getting a cup of coffee, I decided to fill out our #Census2020! 
ONE OF BEYONCÉ’S DANCERS POSTED THIS AND DELETED IT!! ITS THE OFFICIAL POSTER FOR THE FWT SPECIAL!! 
I wonder if any grocery stores have made their aisles one-way to support social distancing? A lot of my closer contact with other shoppers today was passing each other in opposite directions.
© 
