did i make my freckles too dark? yes i did, but we’re just vibin’ ok 
See here specialist nurses from Cuba arrive in St Kitts and Nevis to assist in efforts to eradicate #coronavirus #Covid_19 let’s show our appreciation and unite to end the US government blockade of Cuba -solidarity   …
Liverwurst on end of season garden fresh tomatoes.  food when life's out of whack. Infinitely better than sugar and carbs. What's 
Back w/ another video by popular demand 
Quarantine for feelings
we're in deep 
This thread. This thread right here. This is why I follow @BlairBraverman. Well worth your  …
This is the first time a reigning LCS Champion won't make playoffs to defend their title. What a fall from grace for TL. Don't give me that "Spring doesn't matter" line either; being four-time champs and not even making playoffs is  tragedy for this roster. #LCS
SOS: NY OBGYNs are part of COVID teams and don’t have enough masks. Docs in private practice like my sister have no way to cover astronomical med malpractice and rent. Federal and state lawmakers need to help doctors who are risking their lives. @SenKamalaHarris @andrewcuomo
@SarahSpain My friend has retooled her Dallas TX patio cushion shop to make PPE for Dallas hospitals. She’s looking for sewing machine operators. Can you help spread the word?  …
New Kosmicclothing $25 Shirt / matching masks  
Someone sent me this and it is 
Lol huh??  …
Fantastic show!  aboard Karlyn... this is a ride you will never forget! Trump Train We  all 
The Seeco mode show will change this girl life forever for best she can sing 
having a bagel for the weak gluten intolerant people that cant
I'll Count not d candles but see d lights dey give.Count not d years, but d lyf I've lived. Happy birthday to one of d few people whose birthday I can remember, "Me". I pray for Allah's healing of the world. "Our Lord! Relieve us of the torment, for we do really believe." 
Come see how i taste 
Making the best out of every place I visit  – at Quartz Mountain State Park
Shout out to @PurpleMtnPost for the awesome giveaway and my new favorite hat! If you're a Jazz fan and don't already, give them a 
it’s 7pm who wanna pee on me
The purpose was to show off the braids, but I got carried away 
I thought wine would make quarantine better but what I really want is a hot tub.
Y’all niggas needa give ur trueys to ur girls n start wearing their leggings since they the 1s in charge
Thanks to @throwright for challenging me to the coaches picture challenge! This was fun to look back! I challenge @DHS_GirlsTnF @warriorDFDG @HPRunning @HPHSGirlsXC @LZGTF1 
Green Alien, Yellow Wolf Derek © @javigameboy BlueEyedWolf & art © 
Kanye West S: 10 A: 9 B: 8 C: 7 D: 6 and 
Robot used to deal with the quarantine, Tunisia 
Nothings over til youre 
Because they were told  …
im bored 
My cat’s full name is Doja Balmain of House Edwards, First of Her Name, The Unburnt, Queen of the Andals, Queen of Meereen, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Protector of the Realm, Lady Regent of the Seven Kingdoms, Breaker of Chains and Mother of 
#PGP TAKE OVAAA TIME TO GAIN WITH THE PRETTIEST GANG FOLLOW TRAIN FOLLOW TRAIN FOLLOW TRAIN FOLLOW TRAIN FOLLOW TRAIN Comment “" & follow whoever likes it & RT SO WE CAN ALL GAIN DM ME TO JOIN (active girls only)
the great thing about documentaries is i can’t imagine hating a fictional character as much as I hate Joe Exotic
It's looking pretty, weird, but pretty. #tokyolyf unaccustomed to snow on the blossoms 
What really happened is Bernard tried to win by ignoring black people & keeping the base divided. He literally told y’all his plan was to win with 30% last year. Maybe next time y’all will listen when he says he’s not trying to expand his support or get the black vote ...we  …
when ur bff hosts a wedding for you on animal crossing thx @alyssabeetlerxo it was gorgeous! 
Drunk by seven, home the entire time
Speaking it into existence, I will be on the @colorsxstudios page one day my music will be on everybody’s thoughts. For God is my witness
His  no longer surprises me, however, I tend to believe he did this intentionally! His cruelty knows no bounds!
Prayers to the Melendez family
HE CONTINUES TO KILL AMERICANS AND WATCH HEALTH CARE WORKERS BEGGING FOR PPE AND VENTILATORS AND STILL NOT GOING TO HELP OUTBIDDING THEM AND KILLING AMERICANS
“Americans/Australians/British don’t have healthcare (for a pandemic) because billionaires have all the money in their society.” —  …
People that deserve Love and support : @jmxwoo @Sxrak_Jxhn you still punishment @Jaxkii2 @69luvieclxb @DayjeeePlays @springablvs @Tijgerstorm @LovelynKookie @Edysuperedy @Rpsrabbit @yeelamp @okxylxgxn Everyone that sees this
Me after finishing 
 …
Great Homer Street 1980s Liverpool pic by tom 
This guy?  
Are you zoom calling other bitches yes or no
With the flu, you’re likely to be sent home. You will rarely need a ventilator. With COVID-19, of the things we do know, you’re going to need one. Most hospitals have less than a 10. And you decided to infect dozens. Why? #StayAtHomeAndStaySafe #OneVoice1  …
This Times are hard.. ....... But they will pass Good morning everyone stay safe.. Stay healthy 
WAIT, @Twitch DID IT?! After asking for years, they have Street Fighter 2 the animated movie available for Twitch watch parties? Who's trying to watch together this week on 
Life is 
Happy birthday to keyboard maestro Dave Greenfield. Have a brilliant day from all at Stranglers HQ 
Therapist: Don’t worry, live action Simpsons isn’t real and it can’t hurt you. Live action 
He'll maybe show them this:  I remember Perot's charts and graphs. Bernie should do that, too.
Haven't seen too much of Gabriel Magalhães but from my small sample space, I like what I see. Ideal frame for a defender and utilises his strength very well.
"So far, few districts have set up at scale what may be the simplest solution: connect classrooms of kids to the teachers they’ve known since the fall, and have them carry on with their lessons where they left off."  …
Meanwhile, here before you is the man who through his deliberate dismantling of #Pandemic-prevention teams failed to implement widespread #testing despite ample warning and brought upon our nation unmitigated #COVID19disaster. #TrumpWillKillUsAll #ProtectOurCountry #DumpTrump2020
something has gone terribly 
This is a stupid ass tweet you guys know this  …
Who Should We Pickup Next!
this casting is beautiful  …
My latest art work 
Your presence on my Twitter timeline adds more joy and pleasure all the time.
Bro watch number 3 see why God is good  …
Can anyone help please? Immediate need for insulin in San Bernardino CA. Please 
Thank you to a AMWA for this great honor! I wish our celebration was in person. I have so much gratitude right  …
TikTok keeps calling me  I’m the John Mulaney amongst Kardashians of the cosplay 
LOVE U 
Sprint up a hill (80-100 meters) as hard as you can. Drop and do as many push ups as possible. Walk back down. Repeat 5-10x (depending on conditioning). That's a full body workout right there with no weights, no gym.
Cuomo, veteran politician, lied about ventilators cuz he wanted to make Trump look  Many people won’t hear the truth and 10 yrs from now idiots will say Trump screwed up. @horowitz39 @Elijah_Is_John @ericmetaxas @MsAvaArmstrong  …
THE WAY U DREW THE SCREAM IS JUST SO PERFECT IM LOSING IT
Cheating flat out I’m gone ain’t no getting around that with me
Social distance coaching meeting. 
Top 5 College Football Players I've seen.. 1. Reggie Bush 2. Charles Woodson 3. Tim Tebow 4. Peter Warrick 5. Cam Newton
Kinda crazy to think across all platforms I have 20k+ followers
I miss football more than anything
Amazon Prime threw a concert whose lineup included Taylor Swift and Dua Lipa among other female 
Can we take a moment to appreciate Marlo Kelly who plays as Beth in Dare Me? Ughh I love her so much. I need season 2 of Dare Me ASAP!!! @netflix #DareMe 
im 
I have many that bash on sex workers but will buy my content
When you make dua for someone else, angels make the same dua upon you. Tell me islam ain’t beautiful
First Game Clutch 19 point 
Tb when i had the tiger king cut 
Taylor sends Dua Lipa a bouquet of flowers, which were the same color as the dress Dua had worn at the 
Case of Dr Wenliang Li in Wuhan (accused of 'rumor-mongering') should have sensitized me to the overlap of free expression & COVID19. But this Seattle hospital should be ashamed.  … Firing a (much needed) doctor for speaking during a pandemic. Not a good look
Restaurant workers, already living "tip to mouth," face more hardship in shutdown. Stream the new CBSN Originals documentary, "Surviving an Unlivable Wage” now:  
Inessential MFs passing me while I’m at  …
Bruh we couldn’t even use the internet on our phones a few years ago
Today at 8:30 PM your time, we invite you to join millions around the globe in observing #EarthHour, a worldwide environmental movement. This year, we encourage you to spend the hour reflecting on what you love about nature. #Connect2Earth #CampaignForNature
I'm sorry if you don't like long podcasts; you are wrong.
THIS IS THE CONTENT I SIGNED UP FOR YES  …
How Nightmare on Elm Street Helped Me Realize that Being Awake and Being Asleep are Different  2.6k retweets, 18k likes
however, in order to get to this point, firm foundations must first be laid and to do that, you’re going to have to push through those feelings of being overwhelmed and really take time to just experience and get to know your person.
Shelter in place, day 11. I will survive tribal council, because I fixed the Wifi.
The guy who collects the virus samples from local hospitals decided to stop in and buy cheezits and brag to me about how he’s made 17 stops today I came dangerously close  my first crime
And so it begins (from 
yall fr scared of jaemin??? whats he gonna do?? cook you delicious meals when you arent feeling well??? take cute pictures of you??? give your cheek a kiss??? go volunteering with you??
The qld govt made us all go out and vote in the middle of a pandemic Unbelievable
Everything you could possibly want, conceive, desire or crave is on the other side of developing your most refined gift(s), talent and skill. You  here for everything to be sweet. You came here to share your gifts with the world.
im not good at 
Sale is now  …
Holy hell a CG project made it into a Pewdiepie video at 8:14  …
Fake Happy tapestries are on sale! they’re 50x60” and 100% lightweight polyester that won’t fade over time. originally $35 marked down to $25 with free shipping there’s only a handful left so if u wanted to grab one, now is the best time!  
thinking about 
ARE YALL READY FOR LITERALLY ONE OF THE BEST SAID THE SKY SETS OF ALL  – at Memorial Park
FINAL DAY TO PARTICIPATE CALLING ALL GRADES OF ANAESTHETISTS, INTENSIVISTS AND EMERGENCY MEDICINE DOCTORS CLOSES MIDNIGHT SUNDAY 6000 PARTICIPANTS and counting - thank you so much to all who have contributed so far. Amazing #teamwork and #collaboration, very proud  …
becky in all black 
while Taylor was accepting the Top Selling Album BBMA award for reputation, Dua was one of the few celebrities who stood up to honor Taylor. 
it feels like this connection will bring you the depth you’ve been searching for in romantic relationships. there’s just a willingness to peel back the layers and really see each other.
Fuck  …
yo if my family were potheads this quarantine would be lit
wanna #blackmail and destroy a good sub
Whites: stop replying with variations of "we're all like that," some of you have more expensive clothes and are far more mercenary than anyone on that show
The Duke & Duchess of Cambridge, alongside PHE & the NHS, offer guidance to people struggling with their mental health during the #coronavirus outbreak - to help them cope. "By pulling together & taking simple steps each day, we can all be better prepared for the times 
Saturday night in the 
Donald Trump sends broken ventilators to blue  …
yongie’s little habit when he’s focused #Taeyong 
SELENA GURL ARE U HACKED, BLINK TWICE IF 
Y’all got a lot of trust in them trees
doing another live stream tonight 7pm PST with @MADGRRLmusic gonna be playing a lot of new music from myself and and a bunch of my friends like @leotrixofficial @KANAANTUNES @akeos_ @Neonixdub @Mad_Dubz @syzymusic @controlfreakus @whatisbom @yakzdubz and so much more tune 
Still a good 
yall fr scared of sehun??? what’s he gonna do ??? giggles cutely???? cry when he feels wronged???? couldn't sleep alone at night???? scared of deer???? annoys you 24/7?? put his head on your shoulder???? cling to you??? pray for you at night???? take care of you all the time???
Tru Moors NOT stealing PORK from Winn-Dixie. GTFOH With all this black d & white bull sh*t. Moors are those who have Morals of ELOHYIM. Facts 101 Rabbi Wisdom
Pineapple DOES go on pizza
Is it just me, or is the abnormal  quickly frighteningly normal?
Great work being done by @astoundgroup! They’re shifting efforts to manufacture and deploy medical grade COVID-19 containment check-in units for hospitals and clinics, helping to protect our front line health 
Try not to fall in love. 
| Selena’s instagram has been hacked
This is long but it's wonderful and needed and you will feel better after watching 
this is exactly 
yeah so 
there’s a sense of hesitancy and nervousness on your end with moving forward in the connection because you feel like you’re not ready, not grounded enough, or not worthy enough. things kind of feel too good to be true.
Ladies and gentlemen, watch the new #Deraps band rip through their new single ‘’Sex, Drugs & Rock N’ Roll," with a vibe & sound that channels early #VanHalen! What do you think? Video:  
Tables turn bridges burn you live and learn.
pedophiles on their way to buy animal crossing 
NO WAY SKZNDNZNFNNZNDJSJSJJXND BISH THE  …
What on earth would we applaud the PM for? For not taking an imminent pandemic seriously for weeks & costing lives by delay? Or for failing to obtain proper safety equipment for NHS staff because he chose #BrexitOverBreathing ?? Or maybe for being a clown when we need a leader?
Behind the lens 25th anniversary of MJ’s 55-PT double-nickel game tips NOW on @NBA Twitter! 
Warming up #NBA2K20 
feeling supalonely
Guess who’s 30 today? Not me...but it is my birthday, so of course I went for a ride in this crazy 
Point I have been making all week. We have to get all the data out. NCDC is doing poorly in this  …
My moms fav movie is Mr Beans Holiday cos he doesn’t speak english and nor does she
Don't buy the 
19:55, 3/28 Sweetest moment of the day..... the pine cone gift from Mr O (awwwww). Thanks for sharing your day with us, we hope that you've enjoyed it as much as we have. See you 
FROMIS_9 as jornalismo brasileiro; a 
god has 3 forms: jorge garay, auviolet and a single piece of hair on benji krol’s head
On this date in 2010 - Archbishop Wood, lead by Head Coach Jim Ricci wins their first State Championship after joining the PIAA in the previous season 2008-2009. Did not take 
please. Take him!!! Canada doesn’t want him.
How is the Food God?
she has grown to like the 
Pls get this to 
hit to back A no killcam 
I rly think we will take the longest to have this contained. The US is built on individualism  thinking  …
The mainstream media seem annoyed with any good news about drug treatment or data suggesting virus infections and deaths may have been overblown.
i miss 
When your hair curls perfectly out of the shower and you just KNOW it’s finna dry lookin >>>>
Warning: Noxious Diatribe. Prolonged exposure to Maddow Syndrome can cause permanent brain damage and is hazardous to your  …
Twitter has standards. Who  …
Long-read in @FT about #China plans for #Internet. This falls in the category of the (physical) #geopolitics *of* the Internet as I explain in #Connectography.  … #tech #connectivity #data
the response to this video should be cries for education and solidarity across races, not joining in the project of racism. racism, anti-Black and anti-Asian, is an international tool of imperialists. buying into the division strengthens that tool and furthers the project
Selena does not have the Instagram on her phone according to her, she uses her friends' phones. That's all we'll talk about. Rest in peace.
#StarTrekPicard = Family Watch the entire first season now and  a part of it, only on #CBSAllAccess:  
WTF IS THIS OMG IM CRYING MY NARRY HEART  …
#BREAKING LNP leader @DebFrecklington in Currumbin this morning calling on @QLDLabor gov not to issue fines to those who  out to vote in the by-election in the seat due to COVID. More  at: 
I want this energy in my  …
My friends, tonight we gonna dance! 
I accepted the challenge from @FauldsBryan to post a pic of me coaching, & 2) nominate four other coaches to do the same within 24 hours or make a $20 donation to a local charity. I nominate @ClintStoy @CoachRardin @NickMagnifico 
Aska Police in Ganjam nabbed 15 persons for violation of Govt. guidelines on #COVID19 and gambling. 37 K cash recovered. 
Gunman robs 2 stores, carjacks driver, then gets shot at by concealed carry holder — all within 15  …
Again I can’t believe I have to say this BUT: You can revive an economy. A dead person is dead, forever.
crazy But  …
The grift resulting from the stimulus package will make Madoff look like a kindergartner. Follow the money.
From CTV news in 2013, possible that the showtime clip was taken from the news video, I have not seen this image posted recently;  …
this post is the prayer circle for @NatalieeAnd to get off of the Edge this 
For some of us, this is a time for us to be with our family & live life at a much slower pace. Let’s not make it any more difficult for the true heroes in healthcare, and other essential service providers who are risking their health to save lives and provide necessities for us.
there are absolutely, 100% some bigamists and multiple-family-havers out there right now who have kept their double-life paperwork game tight and are now gonna use this moment to cut bait from their least preferred entanglements and fake their own  …
You know what, yeah, I do wanna be able to sit on a floor with all my friends and have somebody read to us and periodically show us the pictures and also do all that voices
I'm not embarrassed to say that I've started praying the rosary every night and I'm keeping fellow Tims and supporters of All clubs in my prayers! I don't care who you support or what religion you are! Praying for those from all creeds& none God bless you all and stay 
@Motorcycles2T....my 
Streamer guilt is real. Tonight will be 2 nights in a row I didn’t stream & I know ppl will say it’s fine but I’ll still feel guilty about it. It’s strange but it’s a real thing. Anyway I’m gonna get a good night sleep & get a good whole day of streaming in tomorrow
THE PREDICTED NUMBERS ARE 70-80K. WE WILL NOT GET THE #1 WITH THIS. YALL BETTER PICK IT UP.
From Rudy! @RudyGiuliani EXCELLENT NEWS: Hydroxychloroquine Treatment Effective on 699 Patients  via @YouTube
Government Regulations, and Government lies, have killed more people during #COVID than “Government inaction”
That women in a culture which often insists they isolate themselves from society are doing so voluntarily to HELP that society is unbearably moving and utterly wonderful. That such work centres on facial covering is an irony too deep to be much use.
Coming up at 8pm @oxygen I help @BobRuffTruth figure 
The way I just accidentally called 911..
not to be a dick but if you’re paying your own rent, bills, not living at home, etc. why are your parents still claiming you on their  …
Went old school....orecchiette with sausage and broccoli 
SHE LIKED ANOTHER ONE OMG THIS WOMAN IS FEELING BRAVE TODAY 
A message from a man with #Coronavirus Our gov's are failing us Lockdown should've been 100% (like in #Wuhan) for 4 weeks during which massive amounts of ICU beds, ventilators & PPE should've been built &then normal life for ppl below 65 could have resumed (small econ. 
• hosie • ╰CR. 
Red ALERT... They are trying to paint Biden as a rapist, when NO woman has accused him of rape. The dirty dogs are going to play dirty as hell from now on. Be ready for a steady stream of outrageous lies day after day about Joe Biden. They're projecting Trump's crimes on Joe.
. No offense 
Trey songz's heart attack is still golden
oomf posting his body pics to distract the entire 
So glad  lack of a dating life can be attributed to social distancing and all but also: would rather be kissing right now
March 27th 2020 - @quant_network AMA Summary. This week we were joined by @gverdian  …
Let’s forget that this happened and stream this 
GOP lawmakers react to house vote. 
For the last hour I have heard and seen COUNTLESS emergency vehicles making their way to help those affected by this tornado. Surrounding counties emergency responders are making their way here.  is strong, and this tornado will do nothing but make us stronger.
Boiled cassava root is very delicious. Pair with coconut or peanuts like 
Since the government not tryna give me my 1k I’m about to put my pussy lips on Boosie live fr
switch it 
While Justin and Hailey remain 
Never will I ever not wish you well
Soon as that $1200 hit the  …
I can't stop laughing at this video. Some next eastenders episode 
For the boys #selfieforjj 
I saw @TheRock talking earlier about his love for @steveaustinBSR . Well here is what Steve said about Rocky earlier today 
Terrifying and heartbreaking in equal  …
Anyway go stream my baby daddy’s music  …
Sitting here alone singing along to 69 Love Songs, this is fine 
Mito hc scrap - pc took 4hrs vdub + render lmao HQ:  
I can't even rewatch Game Of Thrones cos I know the dissapointment that's waiting for me at the end. Coronavirus plis.
Remember the CDC tests that were missing an ingredient?
I'm sensing more Pinocchioes in your 
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for your indefatigable leadership during these turbulent  …
this one gets me every. 
Today 3/28 is the 1 month anniversary that my GOP opponent @RobWittman assured us in writing, “At this time #COVID19 is NOT spreading in America.” Today America surpassed 120,000 known infections & 2200 deaths He’s yet to apologize for his dangerous guidance How unfortunate
dont listen to him NPR, no gods no masters
How do I have a beer belly and I don’t even drink beer
一唱三叹 一 yī: one 唱 chàng: to sing 三 sān: three 叹 tàn: here: to sing along one singing, three joining in (used to describe the charming beauty of a piece of music or poetry) #china #chinese #learnchinese #chengyu #languagelearning #idioms #汉语
aries, leo, & sagittarius • • mar. 30 - apr. 4 so, it looks like you are either in or drawing in a soulmate connection where you just get each other and there’s an overwhelming feeling of familiarity.
I’m really going to  out of quarantine 21 and I’m not ganna know how to act after staying inside with 2 toddlers for so long and having a newborn so if you see me acting out at the bar and my husband carrying me home, mind your business I deserve a shot or 11!
This guy is great! Look at everyone else look down in  …
Horror youtubers literally do not understand what horror is. You want a mystery to solve pick up a Boxcar Kids book you little fuck.
thinking ab this video  …
 from failure to imagine failure. I FAILED to imagine the low-probability high-magnitude possibility–– of 2nd Amendment gun advocates saying 'told you  …
if you use this emoji you’re going to jail
cashapp me so i can get around until my car is out of the 
We recorded our new champion for longest @Had_Oscar_Buzz episode today, and it could not  at a better time.
Me to all the people not staying home right  …
Thinking about old situations and things and I can pinpoint how obvious it was that some people weren't really friends and didn't even like me fr.. I really used to be so blind to things
same, enough of that annoying prologue loop
Dear God, please let Cuomo arm the people of Staten Island. We would take over Manhattan within 4 hours and begin the tribunals for the vegans.
@machinegunkelly GIFs day one all of these gifs are available in photo form to purchase as prints! message me if you have questions & check out my website  also check out my instagram! doing a poster giveaway at 1,500 followers!  
Built one of these today, following the advice of a permaculture guru buddy of mine. Beneath the berm is stacked, decaying logs. This area is a bit damp in the Spring, so perfect for aiding in  The beauty is that you can plant all over it, and the roots run 
I haven't seen Changbin's legendary dance break on my tl in a while so I'm fixing 
check on your single friends in quarantine alone we are not okay
I've always been more of a cook, but recent times have me returning to those early, primal, baking recipes my mom taught me. This morning called for a yeast coffee 
THEY WERE ROBBED, ROBBED I TELL YOU! 
i want so much for me!
Thank you @Coaches_Clinic for the platform. I will be back tomorrow 11am on a coaches panel (favorite drills) To all the coaches that have reached out through email/social media/text thank you and I will get back in touch with you shortly... #GrowTheGame #Fire  …
We covered some of his lies in this video. More people should know the truth.   …
Border Security Apprehended 1,657 Chinese Nationals Crossing Southern Border Since October @POTUS @freedomcaucus @CBP @CBPArizona @CBPSanDiego  
29.3 Zharfan Najwan and Daniel Iman No one can replace u None of us will never forget about u We love u 
are you kidding 
2020 NWSL season preview podcasts will start dropping this week. Just finished recording preview #1 for Orlando with @jonlipsitz . Nearly an hour long. Pride should be better this year. At least on defense. (Please let there be a season.)
“Stay the F#%K at home, selfish prick.” #COVID19 Anthem! This should be sold on iTunes as a fundraiser for our doctors and nurses! Listen to this man!!!!  …
This one's gonna be good It's a fight for the #RLCS9 championship against @SpacestationGG - time to live up to the G2 name  
What I love about quarantine is that if you don't watch shows like the Tiger King, you just won't understand the internet for a full week.
 …
its always “what you doing” never “how you 
and now all the way back to last Sunday, our first science Q&A w/ @NatHistGirl @helenczerski and eventually @ProfBrianCox - Helen, Brian and @bgreene will be with us at 1pm tomorrow for more questions. Here is last week's  … #ShambleStayatHomeFest
Muslims must resist this new world order which is targeting religion as viciously as the global economy and social values.We need to adapt, educate, respond maturely but never abandon the pullers of our faith. Kaaba & Masjid Nabwi must be opened for Salat 
Leftist ideology, for many, has  an outfit that people put on to look good from time to time, but do nothing substantive with. This even in a time when material suffering is reaching unprecedented levels. Change takes doing, so shut the fuck up and do something.
Messenger over message was previously preached and is actively being used to discredit MJ12 and Austin. Message over messenger gives light to the possibility that YOU may be wrong and YOU may be uninformed. Therefore, you must use decrement and think independently. #WWG1WGA
Lesbian in poly relationships must hate their selves. All their period synchronize and now the house smelling like the Atlantic Ocean.
Insta was acting up so I’ll just drop these here 
I think I have to manually take out the disk from my PS4 so I guess its time to just buy a new PS4
First day out brunch gonna hit different
honey I shrunk my big fat juicy ass it was too big I couldn’t get through the door
By Stanley  …
I’m honestly always about being good to others, if I see something I don’t like then I scroll past it. Simple as that
Why are there people that wear shoes on the damn bed?!?! I will never understand
@RoundaboutSteve Twice daily, we have a contest to see who can retweet the fastest. This is a first: Steve won this morning's & this afternoon's contests - Congratulations!! Steve is a USMC Veteran, supports 2A and is ProLife. Please FB this great man  Good 
𝐉𝐚𝐬𝐨𝐧 𝐆𝐫𝐚𝐧𝐭 ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ Sex Ed professor. Introvert. Prefers tea over coffe. 25. Bisexual; verse. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ — fandomless oc.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀ — descriptive.⠀ — penned by noxus.⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀ ♡ + ↻ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀ ⠀ ⠀ 
I don't know if this will be everywhere, but Sam's Club is offering first responders (with ID) their own shopping hours in Tampa Bay, FL so I wanted to say thank you to @SamsClub

I love Euphoria.
24 hours since steven universe ended for 
Wow this girl is on fire, what a nice voice  …
couldn’t leave this ones behind 
I love my studio. But goddamn. I’m quickly realizing that I pay $1.6K to live in a fucking box. Omfg. 
Sometimes it gives me a little frustration to know that throughout my "career" I have lost so many RC's and at one point I came to think that simply no team wanted me, I think the support is more than enough but I would also like to be one of that big
Disney plus is bringing parts of my childhood back I didnt even know I had, Good luck Charlie,Phineas and ferb, Hey Jessie, actually think quarantines gonna be ok x
Edward Hopper Room in New York 1932 
poppy naming her character in animal crossing germ
Cmonnnnnnnnnnn  …
I watched this at least 20 times and I feel so much less sad
So Joe Exotic ran for president in 2016 and somehow I feel that would’ve been a better choice.
it’s my family. it’s my home. 
The advisory captured in the screenshot below that is being circulated is not from me. It does not relate to Jamaica. I confirmed with my colleague #AG that it is from him in 
surprise!!! some of my ! many faces 
Florida has long had one of the best Sunshine Laws in the country, but @GovRonDeSantis, and his hapless spokeswoman @MeredithMBeat, locked the state's two most important news organizations out of today's vital press  …
I just finished K-ON!! and the movie. I need some more wholesome anime to entertain me.  
Nice 
should i make another edit tonight give me a singular word to work off of lmaoooo
@smartertrader May be Czech should contact her. Made a testing kit which is available at one fourth of the original price and reliable. A population of billions, but no issue with PPE, Vents unlike us. Its an eye opener for Trump and our healthcare  …
^^^ Sure you can. Try 
#China's total #coronavirus cases on mainland hit 81,439, 3,300 deaths on end-March 28 
I remember how big a deal it was in like 2014 to get even 1000 retweets and now you can just type "penis" and you'll probably reach 100k
Let's make a habit of saying "Communist Party of China" vs. saying "China". It will eat up twitter character count, but, will get the point across strongly.
Can’t wait to get married and have a vlog so I can say “ Stop it babe, you’re making me laugh ” while recording or start an episode with “Hey Guys so my husband just did the craziest thing (chuckles)”...
stop telling me to use this quarantine to “work out” or “eat right” or “learn a new skill” bitch i am simply thinking about hualian and that is IT!!!!!!!!!!!
the shabbazz version of kiss it better was better
Came out and saw bob’s dad in his number ones, wondered where he could be going lol then he asked bob to set up zoom for him- he was going to church got all dressed up in his ofu lokus even down to the seevaes for his video call church conference lmao
“Did somebody say costume party???” - Justin 
I see @JoeBiden SO this $1200 Stimulus was for Banks & LANDLORDS Not to help the American People Got it! You are a Corporatist! YOU SERVE THE 1%!  …
i wanna deepthroat till i lose all sensation in my mouth
CNN: More than 2,000 people have died from the coronavirus in the US as of 7:45 p.m. EST Saturday, according to a CNN  through data on state health department websites. There are 2,010 deaths reported as of now. The 1,000 death mark was reached Thursday.
Instacart should agree to this immediately. These people are literally risking their lives. They make it possible for everyone else to stay home. They deserve better treatment. Also I have a Costco order scheduled for Tuesday and if it falls through I’ll probably  …
On the one hand I’m enjoying the rebroadcast of great baseball games but on the other hand there’s an “I Am Legend” vibe to it that’s mildly disconcerting.
With stores closing up due to covid-19 shut downs, break ins surge. Is this happening in your town too? By the way, are they still letting criminals out of prison due to covid-19 concerns? One. Big. Mess. Didn't have to be this  …
I smile to hide the pain.
I’ve run out of 
when quarantine is over the first thing i’m gonna do is get some bombb food and a tattoo, it’s settled
my only excuse for not making falafel is not having enough time so I'm gonna make falafel
Jason Richardson was on the 76ers when they started tanking. He said he was initially against the idea and didn’t understand it, but it gradually grew on him once he got closer with Sam Hinkie and saw it starting to work. Read his candid quotes  …
Men are sick
Can’t actually play so The Show is the closest thing. Also 12-0 in ranked . Seems fitting 
All over the country elected officials are scrambling to get people out of jail & prison. But here in NY, @NYGovCuomo & @NYSenDems are actively working to put MORE people in jail. It’s hypocritical, illogical, and flies in the face of public health and safety. Why ever? Why now?
Instead, Republicans spent the first half of the week blithely saying we should accept the deaths of 2% of the population to keep the economy going. Rather than the money of ~2000 people, 8 1/4 million deaths. I mean, c’mon.
Anyone wanna join my 2K League? I’ll start when I get one more person. The others will be debuted after the first PPV, so if you wanna join make sure to send your info Soon!
Thanks for  …
I figure it's only a matter of time before an American politician suggests that Real America is getting the virus due to the rootless cosmopolitans etc
LETSSS 
After the sporadic fire alarm testing stopped scaring the pets, this one crawled under a chair (but only 3/4ths of the way) and promptly zonked 
Chilean hot dogs are the best hot 
if you have douchebag written across your forehead, its almost 99% guaranteed I'll like you
On brand for WaPo to be the useful idiots of the Chinese Communist  …
There's also this 
when someone says they only date filipino 
lady gaga really said how can i top winning an oscar? winning a f*cking nobel peace  …
jokes on you coronavirus i didnt have a life in the first place
Comment if you want to join a weekly bondage challenge. I'll tag everyone who wants to join on say, Monday, with the prompt (suggestions?) You can do more/something else, be creative and have fun! Then post the picture in response to the thread by Sunday and then we start over
I'm so sorry but nobody has a better voice than Aretha.
NEW resources are updated regularly! Do you need food, housing, financial, legal, mental health resources, internet, diapers, or other assistance? There are a growing number of #COVID19 #Coronavirus resources available for you! Go to  
That is not what you think That is Not a Cell Phone Tower, That is a Gwen Tower 
Going live on FB in 3 2 1 . . .
6. “And if this runs aground we’re all in this together”. Never a truer word spoken. This is ‘Frozen Ground’ with the genius Giuseppe De 
Streets still loving this 
Me anytime Carole Baskins says absolutely anything 
Love this team! #WeAreLU #RedBirdRising
You're in your bedroom listening to 'A Song Written Easily' while there's a big thunderstorm outside cr. Immerse In Nature #ONEUS 
Devastating.... Not a “hoax.” Not “totally under control.” Not “15 people.” Not down “to close to zero.” A “great job” does not look like this 
Netflix can wait. This OT dub deserves a #HEATrewind! Tune in to @FoxSportsHEAT right now to watch us defeat the Kings in a nail-biting match 
look at the handle on this bottle 
as you can see, I had way too much 
My fear is that the number of confirmed cases might not reflect the reality. Random testing is really necessary as more people are at home and the NCDC can make informed decisions from the results they'll get. Mass and random testing is very necessary at this point in  …
"If a book can be summarized, it's not a book but a magazine article; don't read it and don't read its summary." - Nassim Nicholas  …
𝐎𝐁𝐋𝐈𝐕𝐈𝐎𝐍, the state of being unaware or unconscious of what is 
hailey bout to repost this on her instagram stories in 5 
God is not 99% holy, 99% love, 99% merciful, and so on. So God is not 99% God. He is never one percent under what we need. He is never not quite up to par as God. #filledup #Source  … via @FridayKaren
Deserves more views, brilliant edit  …

My homie tryna sneak outta his house from his mom . just really said i feel like Hawara prison breaking
I am lost for words Government knew the NHS could not cope with a pandemic back in 2016 I now feel sicker than ever  …
I have 3 days off in a row and I don’t think I’m emotionally ready to play sims 12 hours straight watching all of them grow old and die again
Plz Plz they’ll tell us to log in to Learn from  …
President Donald Trump Political cartoon New Jersey New York Connecticut Quarantine @realdonaldtrump @erictrump @donaldtrump @whitehouse @IvankaTrump #licenseplates @teamtrump #qanon #politicalcartoon #donaldtrump @EpochTimes @BreitbartNews @GOPLeader @greggutfeld @vp 
Selena's Instagram account got hacked. According to TMZ that's the reason she liked several questionable posts. Spread the news!
Dolphins have also been showing interest in Illinois edge Oluwole Betiku, and significant interest in FIU QB James  …
These drinks are so slept  …
I’m gonna see IQ hit a few of those next year in the tourney
This equipment? Who cares how much of it there  …
Five years ago today, with New Zealand mounting a dangerous partnership, the iceman @JamesFaulkner44 cracked the game open to cap a pretty remarkable World Cup  …
It already  …
And wear a bike helmet. Wear a seat belt. Don't text and drive. Don't drink and drive. If you haven't heard, ER's don't have time for that  …
Have fun with 
Intersection of Race Street and South Caraway Road in Jonesboro 
*Year 4020, in an English class* Teacher, reading from textbook: "Whatcha gonna do with all that junk, all that junk inside that trunk." Kid: "Wow" Kid: "Beautiful" Kid: "Hard to understand all that old English, but I can tell he has affection for her."
My speech in Polish Parliament during the debate on anti-crisis legislation. I criticized government bill for being too soft towards banks. It's not surprising since Polish prime minister is a former bank  …
And  to a special night of Historians At The Movies! Tonight we are joined by @KevinMKruse & @julianzelizer to livetweet GROUNDHOG DAY on @netflix at 8:30pm Eastern. #HATM  …
Rona really messing with my money and I don’t appreciate that
You may call it judging but the same Word of God that is spoken by an human being , is the same Words that God will use to Judge you when the  So it’s better you listen now because when God judges you there will be no mercy.
Day 2 of my Birthday Quaratine Weekend Stream Extravaganza!!!  Who's ready for another 12 HOURS of Minecraft adventures?! (Also, today is my *actual* Birthday so gimme lots of 
Buying 7 of the Super Smash Bros Isabelle amiibo is cheaper than a year of Feh 
A timely reminder that our PM remains impervious to  …
selena haters will be on her neck for MONTHS now, i'm literally so 
I have the rent money, April Fools!
China's CDC chief says #Wuhan market may not have been #coronavirus origin: "From the very beginning, everybody thought the origin was the market. Now, I think the market could be the initial place, or it could be a place where the virus was 
rock bottom is actually  i might stay here
Just take ur L and move on
Kim Namjoon! Kim Seokjin! Min Yoongi! Jung Hoseok! Park Jimin! Kim Taehyung! Jeon Jungkook! @BTS_twt we miss you hours open Pass it on if you’re in your social distancing feelings too 
The folks here at #ILLINOIS and #Carle have done some amazing work in a very short time to develop a prototype emergency ventilator. Many names of friends and colleagues I recognize on the list. Way to  …
As you can probably gather I live in Maine and it is going to snow on Sunday night and Monday 
That team had their moments and peaked at the right time but no way they would be consistent enough to finish in the the top 6 in the Premier League, let alone top 4. They almost didn’t even won the Eredivisie that year fgs
but y’all ain’t ready for that conversation 
I can’t believe this is a real headline in a British newspaper. The British government adopted herd immunity as a strategy, and ignored best practice from every single other European country, and then their media blame the Chinese when it goes 
- Total cost of coronavirus relief bill:$2 trillion - $1,200 per American - multiply 1200 by 330 million Americans gives us $396 billion - 2 trillion minus 396 billion equals 1.64 trillion - That's $1.64 trillion  out of taxpayer pockets, or $5000 per American.
This is Trumpism, and it’s criminal.  
I know this because I have been addicted to smoking cessation tablets for a long time, and those puppies are SOLD OUT online. Guess it's time to kick my lozenge habit.
Y’all be grown asf on some little kid shit.
So  home. Tells of people going out partying, travelling home & not staying in, going about daily life. WTF is wrong with you all? What does it take? Someone to die for you to get it? Get in the house.Or the longer this will go on. And then we will be totally fucked.
Do you need a bailout so you can afford your legal bills, Tom? Can’t you borrow money from your pal the president? Where’d the inauguration slush fund cash go? It all gone already?   …
thank you @maxnepo for nominating me for the virtual horse challenge. @DanConn5 @Carjacobss you guys are 
If you would like to be included in the prayer i am doing tonight (possibly tomorrow) for over all well being and anxiety relief and health  your name below. I’m going to do a white Lords Prayer candle! Thank you and retweet If you would 
she do be cookin 
i am happy today so ya thanks so helping me move on in my life thanks for all my fans
2 favs e mando msg a minha ex a pedir a minha t-shirt de breaking bad
Why are bears just the best?  …
Remember when i did 
My peace of mind has been in and out a lot. I’m not really sure what’s happening
More Evidence of the Two Faced Leftist "Conversion" of Fox  …
Thats a good point. Designed for black and white, the Superman suit was adapted for just that. That suit was never intended to be seen in color on 
I’m the person to put subtitles on everything, my fault
Only make moves when your hearts in it
just a vibe you won’t find nowhere 
3:56am work in process ... I just wanna sleep ㅠㅠ #acefanart 
How would you feel if your selfishness killed someone?
┏┓ ┃┃╱╲ in ┃╱╱╲╲ this ╱╱╭╮╲╲house ▔▏┗┛▕▔ Dua Lipa ╱▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔╲ #FutureNostalgia is getting us through quarantine life ╱╱┏┳┓╭╮┏┳┓ ╲╲ ▔▏┗┻┛┃┃┗┻┛▕▔
Pandemic mullet: stylish blouse on top, pajamas on the bottom.
UN donates 250,000 face masks to New York City. The city reports nearly 30,000 #COVID19 cases & over 500 deaths  #nyc 
Christopher maloney had coronavirus before anyone in the 
I’m so proud of Johnson & Hancock taking it on the chin for us.
tell me who I am without 
Logging in to giveaway money to models on @ap_clips!!! Check out the live stream  …
They must do but with less cars on the road, the dodgy ones are even easier to spot.
Is this the PPE that individual states were forced to bid on against the Federal Government?
Let go deep down the rabbit hole, shall we… #HistoryRewind #Biblical #Redpill #TheGreatAwakening #Q #QAnon 
tbh he not saying nothin I don’t already tell my brothers / wouldn’t tell my future son one day the world praises men 4 sleepin with a bunch of women rather than praising a man 4 keeping his body & sperm sacred the white agenda glorifies black sexualiAtion &not black marriage
April I speak to you! My birth month you will favour meeeeeee! Every calamity the enemy has planned for April I cancel in Jesus name. Lord please have mercy! I can’t take any more bad vibes
Please log off for like, half a day
I also drew @Virtual_Deat Did you know that Mr. Deat is as sai-kool as he looks? 
Remember when Selena stans said she was in a 
She responded 
200 years ago these were the dudes owning people and trying to say that it was because they admired African cultures.
It is so amazing to see how many people are prepared to swap job roles to help with this crisis. I am an Echosonographer and I put in a shift as a cleaner. Bloody hard 
couple of self ports 
San Francisco: our nurses are not protected  …

I’m looking at the work I already have to submit by Monday and I’m wondering HOW I’m going to focus this quarter AT HOME
colleen is the least problematic human on the planet and y’all still try to find reasons to hate on her. just stop.
Pray and read your Bible.
Former Broncos receiver Orlando McDaniel dies from 
FAMMMok I cant I gotta rant I won’t spoil anything but guys...GUYSSSS I’ve been waiting so long for this episode to be animated not only because we get to see hawks and hear his voice (Done by yours truly @childishgamzeno in Dub go check is page out his hilarious) BUT we  …
That Sean Garret/Dream thing gon go left. Watch.
In these uncertain and scary times, it is important to have hope. But it is also important to be responsible. Please exercise responsibly. There are many ways to exercise indoors. If you do go outdoors, please practice social distancing.
Snap saw it first 
Lil portrait I did ! 
im glad everyone caught on that beibei is wearing hgj’s jacket
Once upon a time un 
I wonder if the streets miss me
In just three years, Trump has already surpassed the amount of golf that Obama played during his entire presidency. It just seemed like Obama played a lot of golf to you because he was B̴l̴a̴c̴k̴... K̴e̴n̴y̴a̴n̴... f̴r̴o̴m̴ ̴C̴h̴i̴c̴a̴g̴o̴...  …
I think the most shocking thing about all of this is we are facing America’s biggest crisis since World War 2 and our president has the same resume as Paris Hilton.
How about instead of clapping & saluting #doctors, #nurses & #healthcare staff... #Albertans just stop voting for morons who want to cut their jobs & privatize #alberta healthcare. Sound good? #abpoli #ableg #abhealth #COVIDAB #covid19Canada #COVIDCanada #Covid_19 #covid19
Iight Now, had to hop on this bc I mean I’m from FLORIDAAAAA, duh I haven’t done a ride out since college I need to bet back to it! This was pressureeee S/O to @_Biancabrewton for this challenge, it was very much needed! 
Even though I have hooked up trailers hundreds of times. Today, I hooked up my new trailer and he had to make sure everything was safe. So, lucky that I still have Alfred Gonzalez looking out for me. #fathersanddaughters #theadventuresofalfredandmary 
~ quarantine 
#TrollAlert -- Thinks that disenfranchising 200,000 Brooklyn voters, making us wait in 5 hour lines, conveniently losing votes, and altering vote totals are just normal behavior from a political party. Can't tell right from wrong. No wonder we have  …
Timothée should grow out his hair like this cmon Timothée what do you say? you could play a pirate 
I suck at picking pictures LMAO but 
My thoughts are with Councilwoman @paulamccraney1. Join me in wishing her a speedy recovery. As the Councilwoman notes, COVID-19 should be taken very seriously by everyone.
I’m watching to make sure you’re staying home and washing your hands! #owls #nature 
For the bashers that threaten to unfollow because of my politics: We are all already a little broken. We need a society that seeks to be whole, not deepen our rifts and our barriers. But discourse died long before our doctors started offering their lives.
Very proud and emotional! 30 brave Albanian men and women, doctors and nurses, with the support of @AlbGov, decided to to Italy today and fight #Covid_19 together. A sublime gesture of solidarity and friendship! 
Love our 
I did this thinking about the beauty of this woman, outside and out, I wish everyone could accept and respect her as the great woman she is. I love sierra deaton, what about you? reply this if you love THIS woman @sierradeaton 
Taken on my phone @ThePhotoHour @FotoRshot @500pxrtg @StormHour @StormHourMark 
my favorite is when the sky go crazy like 
Finally the universe made everyone bored enough to actually read my tweets.
Multiple #TORNADO WARNINGS in the northeast corner of IOWA at the apex of the frontal bulge! Dangerous storms lifting rapidly northeast. Radar data from @RadarOmega_WX 
Several observation sites in northwest Scotland have now exceeded the previous March sea surface air pressure record of 1048.6 hPa. The pressure is expected to slowly rise for several hours yet with a forecast maximum in the UK of around 1051 hPa! Watch this  …
When the quarterback hits the truck stick #Florida #Alabama @TimTebow @RealJakeCoker (Video courtesy: ESPN, 
WE CANT BE SELF CENTERED in fighting the epidemic- “Only a global victory can end this pandemic, not a temporary rich countries’ win” - If #Covid19 is not beaten in Africa it will return to haunt us  …
You wouldn't be asking if it was going to CAIR or HAMAS.
IF ONLY, they knew what it was like in prison and what the actual reality was! They say Govs and Staff are doing their best but No Soap? Food In Buckets? No visits? animals at Chester zoo are treated with more dignity. #prisonerspeopletoo
And security from Ziggo dome saying that Harry kissed a short guy before he went on stage
The scientist who claimed he could do this has been a little distracted since he broke up with his child  …
can i really just blow you out, like a candle 
My mom ordered me some 5sos posters and they gave me two extra so I thought I would do a little giveaway with them To enter: retweet this and follow me:) #5SOS #CALM5SOS #5SOSCALM #CALMOutNow 
A short clip of him playing a video game gets the whole  whipped he has unbiased professionals praising his vocals and musical vision left and right he was the hot topic amongst locals after the carpool karaoke he gets clout without moving a finger keep walking
Monday March 23rd Dawn Sky taken at Kookaburra Pt at Lake Hume in Wodonga Australia #StormHour @CherScheff @KayMcCaffery1 @KarinaFayArt @PicPublic @PicPoet @ThePhotoHour @BonfirePictures 
I still can’t believe the Ottawa Senators chose Wade Redden over Zdeno Chara.
The @thebodycoach's PE teacher is the hero our strange world needs  
Do not fret over doers of evil; do not envy those who do wrong. For they wither quickly like grass and wilt like tender plants. PSALM 37 1-2 And withering they are #Adrenochrome #PrayforAmerica #SaveTheChildren #TheGreatAwakening
The West’s response to Africa during the pandemic may determine its relationships with African countries for 
Anyone want a chip? Midnight cooking and eating chips ffs. Is anyone else thinking about anything other than food at the mo? Is it just me? 
fun quarantine game! i make ur/anyone's characters a kiwi! give me a passage of writing and i will read it in a kiwi accent. i am starting with harrowhawk 
Me destroying the Mechon forces when Xenoblade Chronicles: Definitive Edition launches on May 
Even the most creative thinking of truck drivers and customs officials cannot keep $25trn of goods and services flowing round the 
Praying for Jonesboro!! #
Funny that there’s probably more news of what/where he’s eaten in the whole 4 years than actual news of what he’s done for this country. Like,  we can all be proud of.  …
African Development Bank launches record breaking $3 billion “Fight COVID-19” Social  …
Pay attention to how niggas act when you're on bad terms, that will tell you everything you ever needed to know.
sabrina said i respect the  because i created it  …
Staying 
I'm single single sha
In light of college acceptances, I’m bringing this gem 
This retweet is now a COZY ROOMS / PHOTOS  …
Grew up on a farm & lived on many a can of peas. Drain the peas. Add cream (lots), butter, garlic, salt+pepper, lemon juice dash. Mash all together until 3/4 mushy. Spread on freshly buttered toast. Better than avo on toast, (which is hard to get an hour from the nearest shop).
What's it like to look in the mirror everyday and realize you have nothing to offer society?
“The-Dream vs Sean Garrett” songwriting battle (hits only). Happening now on Instagram Live!
I want to lick his mouth but I want his fingers in my mouth but I also want to see him put his fingers in his mouth but I also wanna suck his dick do you see the problem 
STOP TOUCHING NIGGAS WITH YA HANDS! 
THIS GAME HAD EVERYTHING. #WarriorsArchive || 2017 NBA Finals Game 
Americans lack discipline. Too  to see the severity of what’s going on in the world. Life ain’t never going back to normal if you can’t follow protocol. Y’all need a government that’s gon put a foot in your ass no questions asked.
My lady not fighting at all if I’m around but it’s a plus if she knows how too.
Got called a simp, in-game, because I was hosting Goddess. Why are you looking up my Twitch in the first place?
on line Order
this whole tweet is a mixed signal
Looking like a Tiger King  …
#김진환 #진환 #ジナン #JINHWAN #iKON #아이콘 Not the confetti! Eat healthily. 
. @harrisonjaime “represents the first credible threat to Graham’s tenure in nearly two decades, and his personal story speaks to the struggles of many South Carolinians.”  …
Ryan Day spent Wednesday afternoon updating the media on how the Buckeyes are handling the spring without practice and face-to-face contact. @AWardSports has the details:  
why do i even try lol
BeyHive attacking Little Monsters 
I'm sorry 
Join Zack Snyder tomorrow on @verotruesocial for a live  of Batman V Superman Ultimate  …
Quarantine really got yall in your feelings  …
sabrina talking through facetime with a fan that couldn't make it to the 
“… if abuse is taking place right now, survivors should still call 911. Police are still able to help, even amid the 
i want a Polaroid picture of me in lingerie on the back of ur phone typa love
Tamia “Officially Missing You” on rp
I’ll give Sean Garrett credit. He’s produced a few great songs in his catalogue, but I can’t with either cap, the one on his head OR the lies he’s spilling. This nigga tried to be a WHOLE singing solo pop starlet, talking about he never tried to chase the charts.
CLARIFY YOUR ASSIGNMENT.
Eddy Kamuanga Ilunga has taken the Contemporary African Art scene by storm. His aggrieved Congolese subjects are draped in rich textiles, but juxtaposed with the  of a circuit board:  
VIDEO: A special light show at the Eiffel Tower pays tribute to France's healthcare workers, who are on the front line of the coronavirus 
The Cleveland Clinic is sharing more about a COVID-19 patient who left a heartwarming message behind on the window for his caregivers after he was  …
"We're using the term natural disasters but in many cases there is absolutely nothing natural about the disasters we are talking about." "We're not saying that they are caused by climate change, we're saying climate change has worsened them," 
Its healthy to have feelings normalize it
Why do morons, assh*les, f*cknuts and  to your post, just to start some nonsense..(rhetorically asked) Seriously they really need to get a better hobby.. Because here.. They earn the.. @RealJamesWoods famous 
"hola allie, stay strong i love you so much, you are so beautiful you can get through this i love 
Bday gurl 
With over 31 million plays, the Japanese version of BLACKPINK's 'BOOMBAYAH' is the most popular Japanese song by a group of K-Pop girls. cr. blinkonspotify 
— the REAL FACE of sabrina carpenter; a thread
Ohh I wanna play! 5’9 
Regulators hate to be laughed at because mockery is the only way they are held accountable.
the only family my mum has is me, bitch u really think ima just leave her ???  …
the excuses 
Ballgame! That does it for today’s re-watch as we topped No. 22 Michigan, 10-3. Live again tomorrow at 2 pm with one more from the 2019 Michigan series! 
DREAMERS March 28th - April 4th Planner / activities to participate in last voting reminder! *Posters to be released day of events* Next week we will bring back the OG Boost Party and another round of Petition sharing! 
A letter? We've been isolating for 3 weeks so far. Had 'bug' since Feb...might have been C-19 might not, no tests so who knows. But guess what Boris. We washed hands, wore gloves, kept people away....I should be writing to you not the other way around. Catch up man!
Nominated by @BradMcAlester 24 Hours to respond with a picture of you coaching or donate 20$to a local charity. The four coaches I am nominating are @MarcHsu21 @DeCoacher @CoachDaveRice 
Police well rested and looking for somebody to beat....don't go on de road
Yes or no, did you use to drink TAB??? #ChicagoHistory 
It was supposed to be Vergil Ortiz fight night 
Cause that's what Jesus would say, right, Mike? 'Evangelicals', i.e. @MikeHuckabeeNH have no understanding of God's Word. Incredibly inappropriate and potentially dangerous statement.
State and local officials have been divided on how to handle gun businesses during coronavirus-related shutdowns. Most have allowed them to stay open with limitations on hours and number of customers. Some have closed them. Some have  …
Maybe I am hard to 
Ha! I can personally vouch for all of this and much much more. I love the @FBI and I am so happy we were able to help them in their investigation.
this probably reads as jealousy but like i really couldn’t be happier with where i am + im not a spiritualist so that’s literally...not my lane. i know my range. i just  sense and a sliver of intuition so it’s really obvious to me when people are being disingenuous

I think I'm lost #bdo #blackdesert #blackdesertonline #blackdesertcharacter #bdoremastered #blackdesertremastered 
can we all agree that lorelai gilmore hair in season 
Do y’all think it’s possible to create a alcoholic root beer float
Don’t think I’m ready for April. It’s always a tough month in normal times, but this year, well, damn, just don’t think I’m prepared for this one.
I've never laughed so hard in my life. Thank you @PalayeRoyale @EmersonBarrett @SebastianDanzig @RemingtonLeith for bringing joy to those hard times. I'm sick of quarantine and I'm literally losing my mind and that stream really cheered me up 
If niggas would have just sat TF down I probably could be getting my outfit ready for going outside in 3 weeks.
BDF at 7:59 vs BDF at 
The year is 2035 and we will still be in our homes while the government gets more power
The things I would do for 5 minutes with this  …
its been 1 year and a half and fortnite still has yet to make the whisper bar more 
Follow train let's go I'm @PrinceM87287087
Duke researchers develop method to contaminate worn N95 masks  @IrmaRaste @eViRaHealth #medtwitter #PPE #PPEShortages

Quarantine Tingz 
The Foundation was awesome!! Can't wait what @ControlRemedy will bring with AWE. #Control #VirtualPhotography #VGPUnite #TheCapturedCollective 
(NF) bulletproof - 
Yet another reason Pelosi should but won't convene the House  …
The great dying killed 99% of SPECIES on earth. So you sheep are taking this corona thing way to far.
I want my hair played with :(
PSA: just so we are all clear! I do not care if it’s 3AM or 2PM if you’ve been drinking & end up needing a ride, I GOT YOU! idc if you don’t even know who the hell I am, DM me!!!
Not shading anyone but I find it crazy how some creators  fake themselves online and be okay with it, it's a shame the algorithm favors that type of content over those who are genuine and actually care about their fan base and content
Parents: “You’ve got plenty of time to finish all those household projects now with all the extra time at home.” Me: “Yep.” Parents: “What have you been able to finish?” 
it's good giuliani got suspended for pushing fake coronavirus news but it does sort of highlight the fact that trump has not been
If it weren’t for CVS Receipts I would be out of Paper Towels.
Congratulations to @Reamkore for being one of the voices of the voiceless to get construction stopped in NYC. Please give my man a follow and check out @NostalgicFront podcast with @PatrickHastie. They take you back in time with movies, TV and more for your reminiscing  …
Light skin women really only good for ya eyes
I’m from a city we’re no one supports you till you make it
Can't necessarily say his focus is always flawless, but he's been on the right side of this issue long before it was politically 
these are just too cute not to post! but my babygirl is gonna be a 
ready to barhop in my kitchen 
This quarantine is a good time for any @AlabamaFTBL fans who left early to watch the end of the 2010 Iron Bowl.
Think when coronavirus is over Australia's economy will snap back into place? Good luck with that | Greg  …
The night is young 
Zidane, Pirlo, Totti, Alex Ferguson, Mourinho, Pelé and Kaka have all praised Gerrard in being one of footballs greatest, but JF5 on twitter says he’s a bottler, how will Steven Gerrard cope with  …
bored in the house n I’m in the house 
it’s rlly late but whatever.. this is for @ushijade and only her. I tried my best. since you’re such a good friend I wanted to “surprise” you with a drawing of 
This is not  …
Seen AC Slater trending and immediately thought Mario Lopez was trending because of the Saved By The Bell 
toppdogg the promotion they  …
This is an OUTRAGE. This is the second major anti-Semitic attack on Bernie this month. If the media ignores this like they ignored the last one, we'll know what they stand  …
YES, That would Be AWESOME
yibo just knows it 
I promise this one is not a lyric
Us And Them/ParkYuChun #박유천 #ユチョン #yuchun #parkyuchun #AlwaysbesideofYU  …
Yes it is. #WWG1WGA #QANON
O.M.GOD ¡¡ 
Baywatch is  …
It takes me a whole day to get through a recorded lecture cause I slow down & try to process the information & consider its meaning but I also don’t feel in anyway productive when I do this.
So i just finished the third season of ozark .... I am ... at a loss for words
I'm going to sob i miss 
Falling in love is such a beautiful process
And the fundamental research for future efforts. We can use PCR to detect the COVID-19 virus, because in the 1960s scientists discovered bacteria living in extremely hot conditions. Decades later thermostable bacterial enzymes used for efficient PCR.  …
Hey @GovRaimondo how did the trampling of Constitutional rights go today? Did you undo any spread of the virus through your #4A violations?
Enjoy @TeAkauRacing new daily series “Te Akau Lockdown Love” - we will share some special (amateur) pics of our farm full at Te Akau Stud every single day - first up it’s Gingernuts #jerrylove social distancing from his beloved Scrutinize .... 
Food is an essential... Not everybody has instacart, etc.
tired of these fake sugar daddy’s dming me um if ur not starting the convo with what’s ur cash app then what’s the point
Day 13. Happy sunday 
all. I want. to do. is. eat.
astro tip: cusps dont exist
Sex, I miss you.
Header for @NadeKingCSGO HD:  … Feedback is 
Paul cares about the welfare of others. Be like Paul.  …
Upgrade acquired! It’s no Halo Bundle, it’ll get the job done though. My Day One 2013 Xbox served proudly and is finally going into retirement. Thanks for all the support and stay strong out there 
rather accidentally like a picture on my feed than be caught with my entire search history be of my ex while i’m with my wife...
i WoUlD wAnT tO TaKe YoU oN a DaTe BuT wE cAn’T bC oF CoRoNa
so toptap can dance and no one told me about 
Hailey liked the photo when it was posted, not after Selena unliked the photo, what they’re saying? 
2017 me would believe every bit of what's happened so far - the wasted first month, the bungling attempt to cover up a fucking pandemic, the pivot to petty politicking and corruption - until you told him that a democratic house majority sat still and watched it  …
Today, I've heard that 51 doctors have died from COVID in Italy, doctors in the NHS are also dying, and young healthy people are dying in the UK. This isn't a game. This is really serious shit, we're in the middle of a grave crisis.
QUARANTINE DAY18 (shot yesterday) w @fleurdumalnyc 
I am so proud of our missionKeep us posted Tiffany. So proud of you sister in  …
Rhode Island was here before the 37  states, thank you very  …
Snow White! You can find this shoot on:  You can also get new content every month on:  Follow me on:   
i joined the Democratic Socialists of America private facebook group last night and now there’s a whole new world of people to watch fight but over wildly different stuff than on twitter
please  …
I just wish EMU would pass us bro. I can’t even focus on my shit rn
STOP, I'M CRYING HERE 
I’ve learned to love rejection more than acceptance. Because each time I was rejected, better things than I could ever imagine came.
you can only choose one which one you going with 
Those who can, do. Those who can't, hate.
Writing the following blog posts ... 1) Refactoring a classic algorithm 2) Migration of an algorithm from the imperative paradigm to the functional paradigm. Step by Step. 
It already has, and the toll may be in the hundreds of  …
Did y'all hear her on Tumi's live? Yoh a gem  …
Here we go! It came out longer than intended oop but first try so go big or go home LMAO (1/3) AN: this reads right to left sorry I read too much manga 
only bright spot in a rough day was overhearing BF talking to the dog like he's a resort tour guide: "come on, ma'am. would you like to go on a walk? there will be trees, and wildlife, as well as places to poop. you will really enjoy this walk, ma'am"
Virtual phonebank tomorrow (3/29) hosted by local volunteers Jen & Jack! Join them on IG Live at 5 pm @happy_solitude for a tutorial on how to use the Bernie Dialer and to ask any questions you may have about making calls for Bernie. Let's do this! #NotMeUs 
That stunner moment when you don't care about what people say or 
How has this made it on Tv mahn 
. @UKCoachCalipari is bringing the  …
Our dogsled trails were concentric loops, and my trail was the outermost one. Obviously I couldn’t put the ashes-snowball anywhere on the trail. And if I walked back toward camp, I’d end up on another musher’s trail.
let’s catch em by surprise bro @TayMasterChef 
I’m slowly working on a better carrd page. I’ve listed some of the on going long threads  threads. Xicheng has a page of its own because there’s a lot of things.  
You can take one Bible character into quarantine with you. Who would it be and why. And no. You can't say Me.
i wish you cared as much as i did
I found this fascinating, must have watched it a dozen times  …
ik ben jarig ha haaaa haaaa happy quarantaines day to me
I’m just saying, why is the majority of female lead films deemed a failure by this guy but Joker is likable? Also when was there dread in Captain America The Winter 
mcr stannies are one of the most mentally unstable fandoms out herestop threatening people, freaks
Yeah, that freaked me out.
One of my favorite country songs so I figured I’d give it a try. Neon Moon - 
What you see are heroes. Let us know what you thought of LEGION OF SUPER-HEROES #5! 
Wine. It’s time for wine.
Coming from a homebody, I actually miss going outside
Chidima is the one Nigerian artist who saw that her reign was over and left the stage without disgrace and for that I respect her.
It’s OXTAIL not oxtails. Cut dat fuck
i did it  
I sent this to my 
People who don’t say please and thank you to voice controlled devices are idiots, have fun dying first in the robot wars
do Youm want any thing's , from Cost's 
PEDRO PASCAL PRIDE PACK!!! - all made by me!! - idea based on @pascalgner - wide variety of products from shirts to stickers to phone cases - we’re going through a bit of a rough patch at home and i’d like to contribute - available on redbubble  
Me trying to deejay at home at 3am because I miss so much @ParisHilton’s 
Selena Gomez’s instagram account was just hacked. Selena quickly recovered her account and released a 
I don’t know about y’all but I’m staying in this damn house
Well done President Trump!
TIL what a .rar file is
April bitch you better show out and kill Ms Rona
this yibo really hits different 
Don't forget to be "appreciative" of the broken stuff too or you'll get a mean tweet.
It was hard enough not to touch our faces, this new White House guidance not to be a cutie pie really takes it up a notch.
I am an Instacart shopper and this pandemic is showing their true colors. There is 0 hazard pay. Even worse, since the onset,  orders which allows them to pay LESS than the minimum pay per order ($7). So instead of $14 for 2 orders it might be $9. Despicable.
The Crowns of the Trees, 1867 #russianart 
Why dem add two boys to the make up brush video?
If you think Carole Baskin @Big Cat Rescue DIDN’T kill her husband, then don’t talk to me because sister DEFINITELY put him in the meat grinder and  get yall’s dinner !!!!!!!!!!
someone PLEASE help me explain how anyone could have the heart to tear anyone down when it’s very clear how broke down they are inside. you are so unsatisfied with yourself that you feel the need to absolutely destroy a innocent human being who has done absolutely nothing to  …
. @PoliticsProse has extended their free shipping to April 15! meanwhile, my 
Short hair 
#Ottawa rain forecast for tomorrow: 90% >19mm 75% >24mm 50% >27mm 25% >32mm 10% >36mm Prob of beating the current record of 24.4mm: 69% #OttWeather
we need to help these 
Travis Porter was the shit in college
It’s rare that you know perfectly in the moment how history will judge one action or another. But it’s more than obvious enough what the future will say about those who did so little as a pandemic wreaked havoc on an overcrowded  …
MTN deserves special  …
All this caping y'all do for the ultra-wealthy is very sad :/
to be fair, she didn’t have a permit or license to serve food and beverage in that area
ok i did it   …
OXLADE IS A BEAST!! This man did the damn thing on oxygene
Bringing the birthday in listening to MY HEART WILL GO ON! 
I'm 
This Marduk tech from @ChickenmaruTK is getting 
Me: im sick of being quarantined in this damn house! I wanna go outside and do hoodrat things w/ my hoodrat friends!  …
I am definitely “none of it” from now 
Blue telling Gansey that she accidentally called him because his number is one off from the number for Congress is such big dick energy
If anyone needs toilet paper or paper towel 
Grown a** man. Stay mad. 
I worries about @MargaretAtwood in all this. I mean who’s gonna want to read dystopian novels after all this?
Can't miss  …
During the interview portion of Dazed Korea, HYUNA and DAWN shared their admirations of each other’s different strengths.. 
if there’s one thing The End of the World has taught me, it’s that i don’t have the energy anymore to pretend i’m too cool to like Pavement....
Who’s ready to get their nails done when this quarantine is over? Booking is available thru my IG: ailynstechniques 
I tried today 
No face touching
My actual response 
feeling extra on my birthday. when life gives you rona make it exotic. dirty thirty 
that phantom black go crazy 
Aren’t these the same guys who said it wasn’t transmissible human to human?  …
Jack seems to be taking misinformation more seriously than  …
Beat him like a drum, Sweep him like a crumb! #BlueWave
Those struggling with assessment and grading issues during this difficult time may find this recent discussion, facilitated by Emily Rinkema and Stan Williams, to be helpful. @tguskey @rickwormeli2 @leeannjung A New Normal: Assessment & Distance 
I cringed for 8 years of Obama, now I’m watching our side do it 10x worse. Do people know have self awareness  …
Here's my jazz playlist -  …

7 Medical Leaders to Politicians: Save Lives, Not Wall 
Nurses, doctors, people on the front lines: what do you need how can we help you rn?? I live near 3 hospitals & have LOTS of time. What can we do to help you guys rn? Little things big things. Food? Coffees?? We want to help!!!
We are with you Sir. 

Captains Log MFS Day 1,183 - Strange almost razor like rocks scour the surface of these 2 worlds. We retrofit the SRV's to manage the conditions as we gather samples. #Elitedangerous @EliteDangerous @EDSM_NET @DavidBraben @DeepSNetwork @CanonnResearch #EDpostcards 
© jelly bin #nature #네이처 #chaebin 
Selena’s team better pay an hacker to admit it wasn’t her fault because this is a nightmare
FaceTime drinks with the 
Tell me why I touched the stove to see if it’s 
They are verbatim reenactments from the court transcripts. E! News was the only network that covered the case using transcripts instead of sensationalism and  It offered the fairest coverage of all networks, whose hosts (prosecution & defense) adhered to facts.
animal 
Here we go!!! Thanks for nomination! I love my Lady Owls! 
Not even my fifth choice, but I'll vote for him. Since I'm a boomer, thought I'd chime in.
Unbelievable. The left wing media sensationalize the numbers of #WuhanVirus ... Fear mongering. Look at this hospital video. @POTUS @DonaldJTrumpJr @JudgeJeanine @JesseBWatters
Tsukki with his stuffed frog lol 
good 
Blessed to receive an offer from Winston Salem State University 
Y'all. My mama filed for divorce and gon repost on Facebook. "Pray for some of us. We're quarantined with the person we were about to leave. " COME GET HER!!
Congrats to all of our Players who earned All Metro recognition! First Team: * @JSaunders_12 Third Team: @Tyrece_Griggs Honorable Mention: @Skyler_Wilson_ @RashawnMcNeal * @JSaunders_12 2016-2017 stats arent listed in Max Preps. His career point total is 1291  …
Pending breaking news, I’ll be joining @JoyAnnReid on @MSNBC in primetime tonight around 8:30 ET. #StayHome & watch!
These guys are gonna have their views tested in   …
Where are the Bangools  – at Emir's Palace
Effectd by 
Some of yall really do think this talented woman only has dally under her belt and it's not acceptable we need to have this 
I will suggest they go and check his tweets on January 27th. They might no remain on tweeter for much longer. I posted his answer on Covid_19 on Jan 24th when he and his family played royals in Europe. He ignored and dismissed the issue.
Mf'ers be like I'm a Anitwitter Hive leader, yeah that's not the only HIV you 
let people have fun without any trolling if possible. the internet is all some have during this lockdown. again, crackheads.
Butina is already released, but an American citizen is still in prison for telling the truth. RELEASE REALITY WINNER
Many thanks to @tednaiman for the kind words on our work! Hope you enjoy  …
Give this girl a 
Quarantine Boo ? Sign Me Up
per·fec·tion noun the condition, state, or quality of being free or as free as possible from all flaws or 
Who do they think will be moving in?
No 
like/rt to be apart of a classic rock movie gc where we watch classic rock documentaries & biopics together and talk about it since we r all bored in lockdown :)
After a fan shared a photo of Dua wearing Speak Now merchandise, Taylor responded to the post: "I AM SCREECHING WITH 
Enjoyed my one outing of the day today how was your 
While there might be some impact of outdoor temperature and humidity on COVID-19, at this point expecting that warm weather alone will be enough to prevent the disease from spreading seems pretty unlikely. Local epidemics already span a wide range of 
Basically, this is @big_business_ and 
Money Heist: Who is your favourite? Me: Nairobi 
New from the @MTA: Chairman Pat Foye has tested positive for #COVID_19. Foye was last at 2 Broadway for the MTA board meeting and to take remote questions from, among others, “Jose on the the Upper West 
there is literally nothing more boring than Selena and Justin drama lol
The first death from #covid19nz in New Zealand is imminent. There is so much more the Govt could have done, sooner, to keep NZers safe. Too many warnings from health experts were ignored, until it became too politically difficult for Ardern to stay on the fence. #nzpol
put your favorite hoe clothes on and get lit in your room you deserve it
101-Year-Old Italian Man Has ‘Truly Extraordinary’ Recovery From The Coronavirus  
Had another photo shoot today 
 to exponential growth ladies and  …
Helena Wong ( @Seed_Change): "For Chinese Americans, this is a moment to not just be Chinese... use this moment to learn about history, to learn from alternative models that do exist, we need to make demands on the system so that we're ALL taken care of" #AntiAsianRacism
If Chinese state media is taking offense over testing error rates then you know the error rates are off the charts!!  …
I been that, so please watch your tone. 
HOW MANY TEST KITS WERE SENT TO EACH STATE? HOW MANY TEST KITS WERE SENT TO EACH STATE? @VP @realDonaldTrump #WhereAreTheTests #Covid_19
especially important as suspended students can't claim universal credit (unless they're able to claim PIP first) and usually can't get help from the university. encouraging  students to suspend right now is actively  …
Hey guys, the single is right up my power pop alley! Love it. Listening now to your other stuff. Hope the world gets less scary and I can see you play Over Here. Do you know of a band from Over There in Scotland called The Bluebells? I would LOVE to hear you cover  …
What do you remember about striker Imre Varadi? 
GIVEAWAY TIME 2 LUCKY WINNERS WILL GET: -CUSTOM ROLLING TRAY - Cap’n Crunch (500mg) -Cookie Crisp (500mg) -Gummy rings (500mg) -Weetos (350mg) -Joint -2 G’s Flower HOW TO ENTER: -MUST FOLLOW ME -MUST FOLLOW @WC_Kraftz -RETWEET AND LIKE -TAG 3 
Calling all recruits! Join Iowa Central’s Director of Track & Field/Cross Country, Dee Brown for Triton Track Talk this Tuesday at 2pm! Email brown_dee@iowacentral.edu for the link to the Zoom meeting. 
The best part of working from home is when the boss (you) calls you into her office & says "hey I've noticed your performance around here is stunning" then she leans in conspiratorially & says "i think someone needs a lil snack treat”
This season of American Horror Story sucks.
✧ ･ﾟ ･ﾟ✧ current collection so far- lmk if u want to trade catalogue 
How  should China be fined for the inept handling of the coronavirus ?
I told him that i h8 the word why?
Am I supposed to be shocked that characters that can hover, do in fact hover during some of their animations? Some of you seriously nit pick to the smallest degree that I'm surprised you manage to find enjoyment in anything at  …
Attention all you quarantined Filipino AGC boys, I’m auctioning off my lil once again. Must be 5’9, know how to dance, and want nothing but to respectfully disrespect somebody’s daughter. The bid starts at  …
Retired RN here. Banning hydrochloroquine was a horrible idea. There shouldn’t be any pride in that.
nights with you, mornings with you, i want everything with youuuu
I’ve said this a hundred times but Trevor literally has THE BEST stage presence like this mans energy is level 100 always!!! It’s my fav thing to just watch him vibe tf out & see him love what he does @SaidTheSky
Eris, let's get ready for #SELF_PORTRAIT For purchase assistance, pls send me DM.. MELON Own/Rent Verified Acc Own/Rent Unverified Acc StreamPass Song gifts GENIE/FLO/SOBA Acc/StreamPass #수호 #SUHO #자화상 #사랑하자 @weareoneEXO 
Incredible. Frightening. I remember what an F1 looked like from a grocery store at about that distance. This is just...wow. If you ever have this much glass around you though, try and find as safe a spot as possible in the business to shelter. This could have ended very  …
“if I was a woman I could have all the milk I want because I could just drink from my boob.” Said my son Brandon after I implemented rationing of milk between my sons. #Quarantine
whatever you focus on you really do bring into your reality.. focus wisely.
Dusted off the magicka NB... what a crazy difference from stamplar. Was a nice change of pace 
steppin outta quarantine....into my 
Shareable Art: "Relax. It's just allergies" badge/button. COVID-19 isn't the only thing facing us. And with Spring blooming we need to let folks know that a sneeze can still just be a sneeze :) Feel free to print and 
Dua Lipa speaks out after Taylor took her #1 spot on the UK 
I’m not arguing with non essential niggas.
what does that have to do with justin imfaoo
Since we began our efforts to support our heroic frontliners and  We're in this for the long haul, and we implore you to help us. This is our big fight right now. Visit  to find out how to 
i just leave this 
5| This provision renders anyone who has food to last more that the 21 days lockdown in their house in violation of the law. Completely ridiculous!
" ... supposedly a private act of patriotism that is, nonetheless, sometimes captured on film."
sun freckles are 
I sorry bai I realy find alyuh shouldn’t be having such a hard time believing even potential victims and so quick to jump to an accused man defense I find it rellll weird bai
Big thanks to @selkirkcollege! We’re in this together. #COVID19BC. Appreciate everyone who is finding solutions/ deploying extra supports to help flatten the  …
Meet Major Anthony Griffith, an @AustralianArmy member of the Defence Cooperation Program. He is on the ground in working alongside the #PNGDF to prepare for and respond to #COVID19. ‘Griffo’ is part of the #PNGAusPartnership in action 
#NewProfiePic this is the last time i change my avi i 
1/ St. David’s Parish: Message to Parishioners March 28, 2020 @StDavidsParish1 
Beat you to the ball. Q3 4:38 | 20-13 
Chinese Communist Party diktats also helped contribute to PPE shortages in UK - as brill @Stephen__Adams reports here.  
she ate lana up 
The twins' preschool made cute videos of the teachers doing story time. I'm currently the only one watching. Their male teacher is kind of hot. Young, but I'm not turning this video off.
Then he blamed Obama. We see you @realDonaldTrump
All this sittin around at home got me forgetting we back in school and I got assignments due at 12 am
THE OPS NEED SOME PEPTO YEA THEY CONSTIPATED THEY AINT LETTIN SHIT BLOW
The disease itself does not, but what does happen is that things like  constrain people's health-related behaviours in a way that makes them unable to fully protect their own and others' health.
You were also the only one who thought it was a good idea to fly dozens of old codgers from several of our nation's hot zones, gather them in DC to make a pointless point, then send them home again. All at taxpayer expense, of course.
[ #SpecialOddSBZ]200328 #Key, dono do sorriso mais lindo #SHINee #SHINeeWorld 
oh you don’t think women are funny? that’s where our  from dude
Hey all you cool cats and kittens... Here's a video of Max Scherzer taming 20 Tigers in 20 seconds. #Scherzday // 
Two pals 
rt and I will tell you if you give off bi, gay, or het 
this is what genuinely worries me (and - maybe controversially - made me agree with reported No10 quotes from earlier this month); we're now saying there should be a lockdown for three months, but *can* we have a lockdown for three  …
see you there
“making a playlist is a delicate art. it’s like writing a love letter, but better in a way.” rob brooks from high fidelity for yazz 
We now have more cases than U.K., Germany & France COMBINED
Ay Tone’ , what’s this I’m hearin’ about some wacko clown whackin’ 3 guys on the 
I’m Kinda the full package just got a lil fucked up during shipping & handing
Never seen a Leopard have a morality crisis before saying fuck  …
how can you not love 
Once this quarantine life is over, I’m leaving my house and not stepping back in it for at least two months hahahaha
RIP Bassey. A stand up guy all around. No one has anything but nice things to say about you and I hope that helps ppl be at peace, that you were always a kind hearted and good person. Praying for his family and everyone hurting by this. #WMU #LLBassey
let me 
all the farmers markets. These are where all the small vegetable growers make their living. They have lost their business supplying restaurants, and now they are closed  This leaves us with no choice other than to shop in a supermarket.
Alan, I'm stating the facts as revealed by official data, while providing sources. You are repeating the media narrative without any hard-data support... Which approach should people accept? Try answering this question as a scientist if you can...
#DVWatchParty presented by @NosEnergyDrink REPLAY: And there's a FIGHT during the B-Main of the 2019 @knoxvilleraces Knoxville Nationals! @Josh_Baughman17 runs towards @spencerbayston after they both end up strewn across Turns 1 & 2. 
I’ll find your clit faster than Indiana Jones and put a spit shine on it for good measure sugar
If you do want to fund some scottish media please check out  over on @iScotNews. They do amazing work.
I normally remember stuff like headlining a festival. Wow!
el doggo 
You really don't need a CO2 meter you just need to open the windows and turn on some vent fans.
⁦ @OceanSpringsMS⁩ Springs mayor ⁦ @sheadobson⁩ wants beaches shut down due to #coronavirus . He has to wait on Jackson County ⁦ @sunherald⁩ #mscoast  …
Here’s a Movie that’s Free THE STAND. It’s Eerily From the 90’s but the Root is Real. Stephen King's The Stand (1994) - Apocalyptic Horror HD  via @YouTube
Alright man I'm all reading, netflix and PS4ed out. Time to try crack.
GRACIAS—MERCI —THANK U #Panama 4 your humanism  from #CanadaThrough this courageous decision to allow the Zaandam & Rotterdam to cross the Panama Canal, #CODVID19 transmission will be reduced & lives saved! Hoy  que es “El Puente Del Mundo! 
Rothermere's rancid rag grovelling in the gutter again. Not satisfied with a wrecking campaign to leave the EU, we now have the most ridiculous conspiracy theory ever published by a once serious Sunday paper. Dangerous, delusional nationalistic nonsense.
Dua Lipa & Taylor Swift showing appreciation for each other, a 
the power he 
Ion like nobody knowin what I got goin on, it’s nobody business.
So  …
Animal Crossing:  …
nothing makes me sadder than knowing that domestic violence and child abuse are at their highest right now.
For my birthday, I wanted nothing more than to bake things with my pals GBBO style. @medicalmermaid_ @SavannahsGuide and I decided the showstopper theme was “big dumb,” and I think we all nailed it. Hope you approve, @sasha_velour (and perfect prince Vanya)! 
Yet in red states most Republican voters are not social distancing. They don't believe that this is real. Trump is so stupid that he is going to kill off his own  …
got my dream girl in my real life
The rumors are true I'm pretty 
I finished collecting all of Hobi’s album photocards so I framed 
Just went to see the mercy in LA Harbor. Didn’t see any medical or navy personnel only a lot of guys in 
I was hoping to end the wars for $. That is why I supported Tulsi
Is it a fair question? You would know better than asking a question that lumps everyone together. A lot of Bernie supporters were assholes on line. It was probably a small but vocal minority. Do you believe the “democratic establishment” (whatever that is) labeled all supporters?
Of course. We're playing Weekend at Bernie's Star Wars addition. I actually spend most of my time with my 
Not too bad. $170 given out so far today. Don’t forget about my pinned tweet, $150 going out first thing tomorrow morning.
For additional context: Ben did an impromptu (?) livestream and asked the audience to send him rhyming couplets, and he'd try to make a song out of them, and the first one he used was  …
#Yemen Saudi authorities announced they intercepted one or more missiles in Riyadh When you wage war on a civilian population, starve a civilian population, and continue the aggression against them for 5 years, don't you think there will be consequences?   …
no, i am a lesbian. i have no interest in men whatsoever. i happened to date men before, but i have no sexual/romantic attraction to them now.
The time Alicia Keys did a cover of the song XXXTENTACION - what are you so afraid 

You’re sadly mistaken if you think business is opening anytime soon. We’ve got tents up behind our Northwell locations on Long Island to store the dead. New York has not even peaked yet, we’re being delusional if we believe profits will be in the near future.
Glad they didn’t live in NV or MI where Dem Governors ban the treatment because Trump said it  …
Spain bought 640,000 FAULTY coronavirus testing kits from China that can’t even tell whether a patient is sick – The  …
See what #Trump's doing? He thinks if he's a 'war time president' he'll be re-elected. But most Americans will never forget his colossal  his psycho behavior, his partisan BS & how he let yet ANOTHER enemy attack us w/o him defending us... #Trump #Covid19  …
Fucking cult man. That what these folks are and it’s fucking sad
Kind of a good call by Matt. Randy Johnson was a closer who happened to be a HOF 
It ain’t nothing but a brand name Baby this right here is hand 
mood for 
The CLASSIC @LingLing_21S   
This week's report from my coffee rock: Gorgeous Healing With a surprisingly nice little swell. And, for the more observant among you, a starling and a butterfly. #Sunday 
We are so blessed to have an incredible group of educational assistants that are an essential part of our education team Stay strong, and know that you make a difference EVERY DAY to our students, families and 
Sophie bringing her special purrs. #CatsOfTheQuarantine #Caturday 
I just wanna drink and fuck tonight fuck it I said it
Watch to the end you will be cheering or weeping, maybe both at the same  …
CALLING ALL ANIMATORS!! We're reanimating Chowder's Holiday Special "Hey, Hey It's Knishmas!" and we're down to ~50 SCENES LEFT!! If you're interested in participating, or you just love Chowder, here's a link with more info:  … Stay safe out there!!
We are making our contribution to the #CoronaVirus by enjoying family time together play cards. What are y’awl doing?
When do we stop telling each other how to live, how to quarantine, how to eat, how to exercise, how to read, how to breathe. I’d like a break from the unsolicited advice and online listicles. Feel meh?
I saw a tiger. And a tiger saw a man.
Maybe, just *maybe* y’all wouldn’t be so defensive about not turning out your horses if you didn’t feel so damn guilty about it because you know it’s fucked up and wrong. Turn out your horses for time to time.  …
Praying real hard for #Jonesboro right now. The damage is  …
The same can be said for a lack of political will to do the right 
I'll take the Chardonnay with the Kobe 
Beautiful 
Nice work 
'Buy for a dollar, Sell for two.' Prop Joe, The Wire  …
Every time I walk outside there’s a tiny part of me that thinks he’s Mark Whalberg in “The Happening” and that part of me needs to die
How about all the men and women that braved a pandemic to show up to vote for him?
Congratulations, you have lasted 12 Days under the Restricted Movement Order! 
Why did I see a tweet about bookmarks being made public ?!!! Pls no. help
Boy was levitating 
Let’s talk some hockey during this freaking  …
I can't believe every switch game was deleted off the face of the 
Yes the government sucks. But a big part of it is also y’all. Y’all don’t wanna stay home, y’all don’t want to read shit and educate yourself, all you wanna do is “stack your bread “and be greedy and selfish. American culture is very selfish.
What is it you expect to see on the OUTSIDE? ? It's what's happening on the INSIDE that matters. Jeesch. This actually has to be explained to you??!
good morning to armytinys best multi only 
The findings suggest Neanderthals cast a wide net to add sea creatures to their dinner menus, and the researchers say it shows the behavior of the archaic species  to modern humans who lived at the 
Thanks for the kind birthday wishes! sláinte! Don’t forget to turn the clocks back (to 
Before I catch feelings again for a nigga wacha ata nioshe mchele one by one
“Do you miss the streets?”  …
NEW: North Korea fired two short-range ballistic missile-like projectiles into the East Sea at 6:10a local: South Korea’s military. Seoul calls action “highly inappropriate,” for “immediate halt at a time when it is currently suffering worldwide with Covid-19.” @CBSNews is here.
be there. 
This is one of the best stories in running today. Congrats  …
Our 4th directora is... Marta Cunningham. African American filmmaker from the Bay Area in Northern Cali. Director of ep. 5 “The Mural” & ep. 6 “The Grapevine” 
Finally watching this LITTLE WOMEN movie all the cool kids are talking about
How somebody treats you is definitely how they feel about you.
“Lynn,sorry for making feel  You are a great person and deserve better than how I was treated you. You are a great a kind person who deserves to be treated with love and respect. You have a bright future ahead of you. I wish you the best of luck in School and 
Can we teach people that what they think about they bring into existence, including all the negative shit you feed  …
Decided to take a page out of @doriandraws book and make some of my fav albums in Animal Crossing. Started with the important stuff 
“WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT 
#EarthHour is a fun and important distraction during these tough times. I’m thankful for my family and this beautiful planet. Sending love to you 
Attempting To Give Myself A Gel Manicure at 
March 20 2020 donations 2nd round OF PPE “in addition to the donation of personal protective equipment that USAID handed over to the Ministry of Health on March 11, 2020. The personal protective equipment included 10,000 masks; 10,000 gloves;1,400 gowns; & 200 protective 
This is how we do a wedding during #Quarantine: lots  and phones, a @zoom_us meeting, and a doorstep drop of cake. Happy wedding to my fantastic little bro! 
In 20 years, will nanopore DNA sequencers be  on smartphones as cameras?
The four years I spend criticizing Joe Biden, shaking my head and rolling my eyes at his gaffes, will be an enormous sigh of relief. Immeasurably better than what we're dealing with.
You'll see her again have faith God Bless you and Your 
he “emotionally abused her” yet she’s still liking pictures lmfao. i guess everyone copes differently.
"News cycles about the administration’s trollish  for airtime with reporting around the administration’s slow and costly response to the coronavirus."  … Yep. This is why the rallybriefings exist, and also why the press should stop showing up.
oh you definitely did something. RT @MrTurnHer: Dussè & lemonade, I call it Jay & 
This is how you do  …
Seems like a much more rational measure than shutting down the entire country, but mentioning it also creates disincentives for NY-centric left media to sensationalize developments in hopes of defeating Trump by destroying the US economy.
orange, but burnt 
Trump keeps saying we aren't Italy. That's right, our deaths are doubling way faster and we'll soon be much r worse than 
You’re in her DM’s, I’m on her island in Animal Crossing. We are not the same
Give them enough time and they’ll reveal their hand. Deep down, they think Black Americans are lazy and are poor because they lack hustle and 
Elon Musk, Albert Einstein, and Richard Feynman explain how to learn anything 
Seriously, has any employer or government ever laid off 25,000 people in one day? #abed #ableg  …
For the Chicago metro & northwest Indiana any threat of severe weather would likely be late in the evening, probably not until after 10pm. More likely than not, the overall severe threat will be diminishing by then, so our confidence in a severe threat into Chicago metro is  …
I believe Biden. He has impeccable integrity. And we just dont have time to worry about something like this right now. These are perilous times. Sometime, somethings, are just more important than some sexual indiscretion.
GO AWAY!!!!!
*corny white stan voice* pop music is finally 
Following a clap for #EssentialWorkers at 7pm, someone is now blasting #NewYorkNewYork from their window on my UES street... and I am sobbing. I love this city so much. #NYC 
Come and fight 
Sunsets remain on point. Here’s how it looked on Siesta Key. Robert Baldwin 
I miss the old Kanye, straight from the go Kanye Chop up the soul Kanye, set on his goals Kanye 
Man for someone considered one the greatest ever, his title wins are pretty weak: 2012: Beat a team whose average age was 23 2013: Saved by Ray Allen 2016: Saved by Kyrie and crying to the league office
#Covideos Have I just branded a hashtag concept? If not, never mind. Let’s all get #Creative with our #Children and one another ... lest we go #Mad
I pray God expose hate lies and all leviathan minions. Break their control expose false witness set Truth free I pray. Bring down this evil  …
That’s a good idea.
this man is  …
Better be back doing this or imma go loco 4 
Can’t have Kobe in yo header and sound like a bitch
LAWD! I couldn’t imagine crossing/probating on Twitter. My heart truly goes out to Spr20.
People Be Lying..Knowing They Lying..Knowing You Know They Lying...&& STILL LIE
ATTENTION the CDC has  that you give me all your love and 
Couldn't we crowd fund a return of Barrie Cassidy? #insiders
Police and the Defence Force have greeted international passengers this morning, escorting them to hotels for 14 days of mandatory quarantine. 
a brilliant quote from me earlier 
I'm so relieved to see democrats go on the offensive against Trump. This is long overdue. And Trump's own words do all the  …
Very wise words from @DrSteveGadd #HangInThere #SoundsArentCancelled 
Hobby Lobby fought against their workers getting birth control, bought stolen artifacts from ISIS, own a bunch of fake Dead Sea scrolls, and now this. Evil  …
Definitely  going down this thread and having a good laugh  …
Nokia Mobile offering extended warranty in some EU countries for online purchases  
Is it weird that my biggest issue from the entire #TigerKingNetflix series was “I don’t reckon that was his voice singing in those songs”?
p*ppy really named her character in animal crossing germ...
Hey Charmed Fam did you see that there is Charmed eye shadow Platte from @solalook? You can pre-order yours at  
This is the perfect time to dig up the made-for-tv movie “The Man With Three Wives” starring Beau Bridges and Pam Dawber
Prayers out to my fellow people here in Jonesboro, Arkansas this tornado shocked a lot of people but we can get through this together
Bob Dylan’s new song tells the story of the Kennedy assassination, but that’s really just the 
Peaked at 6k good stream, ima try to get some rest for tonight
Round 2 from @JoeBiden. Another incredible ad. Trump in his own  …

EXCUSE ME BUT THE 3RD ONE SDJDBEEBSJWS (internally screaming im not a 
because it worked so well in the 1340s during the bubonic  …
dat ocean blue gon get you right  …
My greatest quality is that I’m not pregnant.
since it seems some of you forgot, reread 
me on may 
The darkest place in the universe is my heart that doesn’t care anymore.
Made a tribonacci function where the value of the next is gotten from the previous three, to any length specified by n. tribonacci([1,1,1],10) takes a three value number array and the length of the series as the second paramater. #javascript #100DaysOfCode
lol my Film Comment cover is The Big Chill
Alts matter so little right now because in times of unrest, people turn to the asset that’s the most battle-tested the most recognized the most expensive to attack the easiest to buy / sell the hardest to seize When  down to it, #Bitcoin is our best  …
The Way of the 
This is what I mean when I say I want a sugar  …
You thought it was a great idea when President Trump called off all travel from China to protect Americans... These states have areas eaten up with Coronavirus so how is this any different? They shouldn't be allowed to go into other states period right now.
A home without a mother is a desert. — Ugandan | #AfricanProverbs ☼
Me my family and friends will make it out of these trying times.
Everything I see, reminds me of 
Please sign and  …
Dat rona 
Remember when FEMA and the new DHS all got all oriented toward terrorism?
"There’s never a dull moment when  to boy band A.C.E" Coronavirus in Korea: how K-pop stars from Twice to NCT are coping with social  …
So, of the 16,600 national stockpile ventilators that @publicintegrity identified, a maximum of 16,430 actually worked —   …
By the way, nobody in Europe calls taking care of their own “socialism” but I know some of you are attached to the word
where can i buy  …
As far as I know, there was only one congressperson who called for a debate and a vote... ... and he wasn't  …
With urgency she called me with, I thought Humpty had that Rona.
@gainsarianafans is doing gain tweets !! he just helped me hit 4k <333
La Mirada Football DE/TE Shaun Grayson has been offered by Idaho. 
Speers is a debacle. Should have settled in and be rising to the occasion, but he’s merely fatuous most of the time & misses the point.
RUN IT BACKK 
Alright I’m done playing now this is all 
You guys are like the big brothers I've always wanted to bang.
a lot of orchestras have been doing this and imma be real, it’s stressing me out bc all i keep thinking of is that titantic  …
*narrator voice* 'And then there was the conservative pundit who didn't know the difference between a symptom and a  …
the windup  …
Oh please ! 70 fans? Let’s make that 80 by Monday.  • onlyfans admireme findomme findom finsub paypig 
As Twitter rants and rages against “fascist” Boris Johnson, the Tories just get more popular. Could these phenomena be  …
Do you all pray with ur partners before you sleep or u just say goodnight I love u bye
I WAS LOOKING THROUGH MY SKZ PHOTOS AND I FOUND THE TIME I WAS LOA AT ASC AND FELIX AND JISUNG POINTED AT MY MEME SIGN LMAOAOAOA TB to when i was a felix stan 
Who out there are in Devy leagues and could use some rankings?
justin packing up haileys bags as we speak 
Sure 
Hey  to my stream today I’ll eat 3 bowls of cereal scream into a bucket and then play some Knack 2
Yes don’t watch it it’s fucking horrible
if you're waiting to get hand sanitizer from stores, here's an effective DIY you can try in the meantime; 300ml water 300ml vinegar 30ml lemon juice 30ml sunlight liquid 20ml dettol or savlon - use in a spray bottle
Is that 
Hailey really loves Vanessa. She didn't need to open her house to someone she just met, leave the freedom to live alone to move to another house, put her career at risk so that Vanessa would have a little peace, and yet she did it all #ChicagoPD 
All right, ladies, I’m ready for the @LadyLawyerDiary happy hour! I’ve got a festive adult beverage and I dressed up for you all by putting on outside sweatpants and fawncy socks. See you in a 
I don’t know if I just have been in self quarantine for too long but Joe Exotics music is kind of.... good ¿
noah e any de wake no hospital infantil 
> NYC ignores warnings, encourages mass gatherings, hosts huge Chinese New Year mob - gets C19 bad > Lombardy has hundreds of thousands of Chinese workers - gets C19 bad > New Orleans ignores warnings, proceeds with Mardi Gras - gets C19 bad This is not rocket science, people
Woman Adopts Shelter Cat Then Finds Out She Left His Best Friend Behind This was our most popular new post from the last week. So if you haven't seen it yet you really should take a look. CLICK to find out more >  
Spurs DO NOT have a timeout!
I want the corona virus to kill me so i can forget i ever saw  …
I’m a member of:Masks For America: Protect our Frontline Heroes I donated and I hope you will too!! LET’S DO THIS! ($will buy and donate masks from the producers I’ve been tweeting about this  …
She liked two posts, not one 
new video 
