not to be me but i want to experience this kind of pain with doyoung singing an ost song that was meant for him during the most heart-shattering 
As if COVID19 wasn't enough, we are still dealing with 10 year old children getting shot. Ridiculous.
It’s hilarious that some of y’all think cuz someone got a stimulus check they really only made under 75k. Learn about taxes and how to break up your money. Not to mention how much money people get in CASH. STFU.
if i had an attic bedroom with slanted ceilings none of this would be happening
Never forget how blessed you are. Don't be negative when you have so much to be positive about.
We don't thank god, we thank... #Atheist 
Just a general PSA: I just want you to know that if you went to the "rally" in Annapolis today to #ReopenMaryland, or any #ReopenAmerica rally for that matter: I despise you. Words don't exist to describe how stupid you are, and you're a selfish asshole.
Cuomo needs to make Covid-19 look worse than it is this way he can get what he wants from the Federal Government. He also needs to make is seem worse this way it doesn't look like he overreacted. This is all a game of politics!
Listen to BTS 'You Never Walk Alone' album on Spotify before Day-2 BTS Online Concert will begin in *3* hours. #BANGBANGCON @BTS_twt  …
ANOTHER ONE $20 CASHAPP or PAYPAL to one person who retweets this tweet and is following @AtomicGuy35 + myself !!! Winner called in 60 minutes
when the axe came into the forest, the trees said, "the handle is one of us"
Lord what beautiful humans you have  …
This is my overview of the Twitter accounts I had the most interactions with recently. Via  
For me the “one who got away” is Gerry Cinnamon, followed then unfollowed me on Twitter, all the best though mate x
Barbz really been eating people up on the tl all day You can’t be a Barb and not have to drag a 
This thread starts out as some innocent hacking and ends up with a bunch of HTTP servers running on a tv remote  …
literally 
So relatively speaking, I have time on my hands. Why am I spending so much obsessively checking Twitter and cycling 10 news sites instead of working on the dozen projects I could now do without interruption at the office? I don’t know. Why am I asking you??
These men are not harming simply because they were harmed themselves in the past. They're harming because the abuse of women is normalized and most male abusers who harm women have no fear of repercussions.
Girls be like “inked 
These are available for pre order over in our Facebook group!  
"No fantasies, I don't think. Most of my fantasies have already been realized." ~ George Michael Beautiful George Michael 
We’re ready for the 2020 @BayPortHS 
justin about to get real nasty tonight, i can just  …
Compliance is at about 50%, I’d  …
i agree :/ making her the “villain” would have made more sense if they just would’ve taken the TIME to do so, they just obliterated her character arc in 2 episodes instead of creating a proper storyline+ season to weave it all together in the beautiful way that GOT once did, smh
God if I don’t Thankyou enough let me just say, Thankyou !!
I wnt gym to be opened, or at least parki Sami Abdulrahman
Fellas I hate to post this but I’m crying 
Virginia’s new state seal - credit to 
5 kage AND Sasuke in attendance but BORUTO had to save the day?! My young nigga the TRUTH 
Watch me get this tattooed on me after we are free to roam the world 
This is my overview of the Twitter accounts I had the most interactions with recently. Via  
No need to pretend, she gotta a little bit of drama with her friends...
Way-Too-Early WCC Power Rankings!!! Teddy Solomon breaks down the entire 2020-2021 WCC field in a Dons Insiders special! #WCChoops #collegebasketball @WCChoops @SportsCastrLive @PeppBasketball  …
Spoke with @getnickwright about a lot, including his origin story at @WAERSports and @SyracuseU. Come for the @KingJames story (it's worth it), stay for the  …
close your eyes and just listen 
Here have some cute pics of the 
To the lad who replied to be story saying “nice baps” then unsent it. I saw it. God saw  …
See Nah this what we not finna  …
Ok apparently it is the same price as Diddy
AP says 400 people at #reopennh protests today Texas, at 25x the population of NH, had 250 at their largest protest Just in case anyone was still confused where libertarians should live  …
Yes, hurt people hurt other people. But also, making it about serial male abusers being harmed in the past misses a huuuuge portion of gendered abuse: which is that men are given the space to harm and are then shielded from consequences *because* misogyny is embedded in society
brb ending friendships with people that decide to travel for fun during quarantine
The wild goes on : The following is a gallery of photographs from northern B.C. expressing the profundity of the remote and the wild.  …
Many people forget that Rosa Parks was arrested on a bus in Montgomery after refusing to give up her assault rifle to a white  …
In the future, for the giveaways to continue, I’ll need some support on Twitch, I’m not streaming yet, but I plan to, and I want to be able to make money from that, and all the money will go to giveaways here. If I end up making a lot, there will be much bigger giveaways as well!
I think it’s time to stop supporting all Celebrities that don’t support all American People! Stop buying their music, watching their movies, buying their magazines or watching their shows! They don’t care about the American people let’s show what people power can do!
45 State  up for  …
after binging avatar and korra  feel this tweet. where avatar dealt with spirituality and wisdom korra dealt with ethics in modernity. amon and zaheer were cold bro,  …
Ok for clarity to end our Sat night. No I do not think Tua Wonderlic test score matters at all. I was confused initially by his score bc it doesn’t match his tape. Came to realize he’s a reactionary/instinct player and the test doesn’t test that. My initial tweet was wrong.
The joy when your patient waves at you after many days of not engaging due to hypoactive delirium. We celebrated with a video call date with family! Know what Mr. #COVID19? ABCDEF bundle H/T @SCCM still works and you can please leave. Cya  …
With my favorite professional wrestler 
This is what we hold on to now, and as long as we have to keep distancing. Because we  …
Since China lied and is still lying about the number of people who died from #Covid_19 . . Lied about Human to Human transfer . . . How can the U.S. Trust China - If they claim they developed a #Covid_19 Vaccine, Medicine or Good Treatment Plan?
I had someone show me an excellent use of pipelines as an "virtual network stream" between 2 APIs. Instead of producing the entire serialized contents to memory, then shoving it over the wire to something else, the pipe bridged those 2 APIs while controlling the memory usage.
If your in education and your not following @DrBradJohnson your missing a lot. He is on point with his topics and point of views. Especially in this new mode of educating.
gonna need some sushi A$AP
Gonna hate-fuck FF7R some more today, if you're into that sort of thing.  …
CONCERT @HOME ROLL 
jfc  the pov 
SHUT  …
YEEZY 350 "Asriel" Releasing this September. DETAILS:  
You are gobsmacked that Johnsom doesn't give a sh*t about anything or anyone?? Really?? Where were you all those years? When he was Mayor of London? During the election campaign? Did you live in a parallel reality where the Tories were the Care Bears and Boris was  …
okay but what if seonghwa covered 
Who tf is @SusanWTurnbull and why does she think corporations don’t make political donations? Has she been to @OpenSecretsDC before? 
Putin jumps to Xi's defense. Trump will pretend he doesn't like either men now, as if we've all been asleep for the least four years.  …
Some official KOF art I really 
Kerman bitches are fucken irritating can’t believe I be knowin y’all
Going live with some Halo 5, Rock music (FINALLY), and my new set up :)  
taeyong bareface is the most beautiful thing in the 
Challenge Bucket Ice Water.... 
Dark  and she righteous 
HOLY FUCKING SHIT LETS RIDE
[INFO] SBS "Law of The Jungle" will break for 2 weeks. #러블리즈( #Lovelyz) Yein 1st Episode of "Law of The Jungle" will broadcast on May  …
Is curious how the music can reach to anyone. My dad says he doesn't like "my koreans" (ateez), but I felt so touched when he once said "Hey, I'm not gonna lie, Ateez music is good, they sing very well". That's ATEEnagerZ, making ATINY to parents since 2018 @ATEEZofficial
Racist folk love to invoke Christ when they are caught red handed........ Terrible.
im smiling. thanks to bilol nd lieba
For the left, this pandemic has presented a golden opportunity. The longer they can stretch this out and the more control they exercise over us, the closer they move toward turning our nation into a socialist state. Watch their actions, see what they are grasping for.
Friendship ended with DCP Cinesend and Vimeo my new best friends
I feel like watching a classic Barbara Stanwyck film tonight. Wonderful, versatile actress.
It's hard to imagine a more disgusting take than Patton Oswalt's. I'm sure there is one,  …
Congratulations to 2022 RHP Xavier Perez ( @xavierperez2022) on  to @GatorsBB. A quick South Texas arm, that has been up to 91 this spring. Competitive bulldog on the mound. Makes the big pitch when he needs it. #ShapeTheState @123VetsBaseball | 
Everyone ordering take-out. Please buy local / small and order directly from the restaurant Don’t use UberEats or other apps They kill the margin for the restaurant Please y’all. They need us now
she was thriving  
wanting to spoon the homies hours
Evidently Lake Murray was packed today. The beaches were sure packed down in FL. McMaster and Desantis are both giving out mixed messages. We clearly have not done adequate testing or reached the predicted peak in this  …
yeah wwhatevver #homestuck #eridan #eridanampora 
Awesome! It sells itself really.  …
Nearly 3000 tickets have been sold! Grab your FREE tickets and spread the word of our virtual Demi Lovato concert! Get your merch, Sidestage, M&G too. See you there. April 26th! Save the date @lovatovirtualco @DiannaDeLaGarza @scooterbraun @irobotyoujane @Sirah @iamjojo @ddlovato 
This is the worst video ive ever seen id rather have not been born than have to watch this adult tax paying citizen do 
Well glad that got cleared 
Big boy win and Zwe was in our team but died and left the game before we won... unluckyyyy:  
am still big sad but lee minho vocal 
Day 22 in isolation...... dreaming of having a human free house for more than one hour #CatsOfTheQuarantine 
san's ment for the concert 
This is 100% true. Whether its as extreme as r*pe or as “insignificant” as just having a hand placed on ur hip at a club. If you don’t have consent it is WRONG. GET THAT THROUGH UR  …
oki but what do i have to do to see chankai clinging onto each other again because ill fr do 
Joined @AscentOrigin and still continuing the grind for @TeamTalon
I'm sorry. They make me furious as well, and I'm  in my home. I'm too old &  to help, but I can sympathize with all the front line responders, grocery clerk's & such. I donate as I am able.
19/04/2020.... for being the sweetest mother in the world, i wish you blessings and happiness beyond your imaginations.i love you so much! you’re the most outstanding woman in my life. and you shall forever be my number one 
I've eaten gas station nachos at 3 in the morning on a few occasions so I'm immune to the coronavirus.
79% of Brazilians say  with social distancing guidelines should be punished, but cell phone data in São Paulo for example showed last week only 49%  like ~30% are  …
Greg Sheridan can FO with attacking ABC over paedophile protectionists like George Pell. I never want to see him on this show ever again. @InsidersABC #Insiders
Pro Tip: Crock Pot
When someone new joins your discord and the very first thing they do is head to the self promo section instead of the the introductions section, you may as well kick them out because that’s the last you’re going to see of them.
Nothing. I’ll rather my nigga be inside playing his game all day than being outside  …
i hear cheh in my oreilette
That’s amazing inspiration & a really wonderful photo!
Between what I want, what I think I want and what I can tolerate lies my dilemma.
Whisky  …
It's okay to not be productive 24/7. It's okay to not be productive 24/7. It's okay to not be productive 24/7. It's okay to not be productive 24/7. It's okay to not be productive 24/7. It's okay to not be productive 24/7. It's okay to not be productive 24/7. Or so I tell myself.
Welp, just had dinner... now what?...Where are the Zoom parties I can crash?!
tHiS iS nOt 
So, I say all this to say when we talk about diversified streams of  it doesn’t have to be a daycare, a lashes, selling platters, AND bundles. You can absolutely pick one thing to do, train others on, and write about that will serve as diversified streams of 
absolutely devastated becos no one bought me taco bell 
I am the most followed Person on this App Eiii Anaaa Meebodam? #GoodOldDays
She is the 
Stay home and rock out. @GlblCtzn's One World: #TogetherAtHome is happening right 
Bat-Family by Allan 
Stream is LIVE Starting off the night eating some @sheetz then hopping on Valorant GET IN HERE!!!  
EYE----- (the views)  
no shotgun no problem just let me grab that 
I swear I can’t breathe I’m laughing so hard. I think I got his bots banned or something. sirpuggertipoff@gmail.com btw send 
the difference here is that these people are not celebrities so ordinary individuals trying to get through these hard times can actually relate to them. not to mention their vocals are actually GOOD and their positive energy is really 
VOTE to decide which #AlterEgo video we drop next. Subscribe to my YouTube channel and vote in the Community tab  
me and seokjin on a speed 
Ignoring Science, Protestors Defy  Order –  … #LiberateIndiana #OpenIndiana 
AUSTRALIA'S SANITIZED GENOCIDE AGAINST ABORIGINES IN THE 21ST CENTURY ABORIGINAL FIRST NATIONS ABORIGINAL GENOCIDE RESISTANCE ABORIGINAL FRONTIER WARS MASSACRES ANORIGINAL MASSACRES ALT MEDIA MONITOR WGAR MOB
The #MutantCafe #KillerSaturday Slumber Party Massacre Slumber Party Pre-Show - Pepperoni Pizza Rolls IS LIVE NOW! Grab a drink and join in #HorrorFamily / #MutantFam! @KillerfromSpace @monstersndrinks @REALSONICDANGER  …
Shoutout to @MTashed, @TheTrueVanguard, and @AdvancedGG, I'll remember y'all when I'm at the top
Thank you for working hard to keep Us safe!
I've accepted the #ALLINCHALLENGE @allinchallenge. Go to  to see what I’m donating.  together to help the most vulnerable during this difficult time. I challenge @steve21smith , @milesbridges , and @money23green to go ALL 
when you ask yusuke to hang around when you have a deadline, he says "why" and it sounds so anguished and it makes me feel ashamed for asking
THE ENDING TOOK ME TF 
Miss mochi checks #TogetherAtHome [edit] #백현 #BAEKHYUN @B_hundred_Hyun 
400 followers. Let's announce the Last thing for tonight
FOLKS, WE’VE GOT LIVE BASEBALL IN  …
#COVID Update 4/18/20 
A true test of self-control, is not touching those fries until you get where you going.
Why do I love brunettes or girls who live too fucking far away
Trump blaming everyone for this debacle but himself. Now he’s going after Maggie Haberman. Do you need any other reason to vote @JoeBiden? 199 days... it’s a countdown. #TrumpPressConf #MaggieHaberman  …
Happy Birthday to me 
#AnimalCrossing #ACNH LILY HAS THE BEST WALLPAPER IN THIS GAME OHHHH MY 

Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace. #SundayThoughts 
whomst dafuq u think u is?
#BANGBANGCON bts: "i'll be down for your rap, i'll be down for your rhythm, yeojeonhi nae simjangeul ddwige hae, naega jinjja naigo sipge hae, i love this...." eu: "....HIP 
me putting pizza rolls in the oven instead of the 
Im seeing a lot of negativity wearing down RWBY, so I just want to say that it’s still a wonderful show with many things to love like characters, action, music, etc. And it’s a clearly a labor of love made by good people and even when they mess up they learn just like all of 
As promised, here is a demo of the current state of my prototype. Send encrypted messages to people using their #BitcoinCash address over the #BCH blockchain. Will the #EARNIT act pass into law? It doesn't matter, because #Bitcoin does not respect laws.   …
Another thing I plan looking into with my warfront project, a loading screen. Just an early sketch trying out a layout. Will test different designs as 
TEAR ENTHUSIASTS ARE YOU READY FOR 
Check back in two weeks to see where will the health care workers are  …
Our civilization, for the good of us all, shot, stabbed, bombed, mortared, bayoneted and machine gunned Nazis. Then we rounded up their leaders and hanged them. We called the folks who did it The Greatest Generation.
I once stayed at an Airbnb that didn’t have locks. I said: “I’m not paying for this.” The host said: “Then you can’t stay here.” “How are you gonna stop me?”
Latino card is  …
schitt’s creek has a very special place in my heart but girl it is BARELY a tv show
JOIN ROLLINGLOUD IG LIVE WE ON BERE DJING SMOKING GAS OKAY!!!
“Only Lady Joanna truly knows the man beneath the armor, and all his smiles belong to her and her  …
Maduro watches Netflix on his MacBook, from the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela where one of chavismos main policies is opposing neoliberalism and imperialism?
He carried more life
Reverse seared bone in ribeyes again. Just realized I never posted a picture of the finished product. Reverse searing is really the only way to cook 
Speaking the same language is not as powerful as speaking the language of the 
Do y’all remember when bts were pranked and “kidnapped” in LA? And the dude made fun of jungkooks socks? not funny didn’t laugh
Maduro the other day boasted about watching Netflix and encouraged other Venezuelans to do the same during quarantine, but Netflix doesn’t accept any of Venezuela’s national currency and only accepts US dollars. Which also begs the question, how does Maduro pay for Netflix?
1st of all they're counting "probable coronavirus cases"? 2ndly...please stop w/the scarfs. It's really annoying. Makes me wonder though...does she keep them rolled up in drawers or hung up on hooks? Hung up in her closet, and arranged how? Color? Pattern? Size? So many 
"Why do you love Baekhyun?" We don't need a reason to love. We just need a person to love. And we found love in him. 'ㅅ' 
We let our 3yo “rest” unsupervised in our bed today. Instead of napping, he unscrewed the lightbulbs from all our lamps. I am neither mentally nor physically prepared for this level of skill and curiosity.
| jjward12 via ig: “Not to brag but I’m friends with the Playa Vista Waterloo Sparkling Water Queen and I took this picture when we were in the biggest fight we’ve ever had but we figured it out. happy birthday 
A few screenshots from Sam's short feature as part of #OneWorldTogetherAtHome event. He did a wonderful job. Sam is such a passionate speaker about causes he believes in. He also looks like he can use a hug #WeStandWithSam 
Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift are the perfect duo 
#Thurbercast No. 27 had a distinct Cornell theme to it: his profile of Charlotte’s Web and Elements Of Style author - his friend and colleague E.B. White. For Episode 28 I’ll be back live Sunday night at 8 PM  …
Something I haven’t seen or read please. GOD
Gary Cooper and Julie London in a publicity photo for Man of the West 
My father-in-law on the phone tonight: "Well, I needed an answer and you're the closest thing I know to a biblical scholar."
y do men lie unprovoked, u don't even ask abt who else they talk to bc it doesn't matter n they b like i'm not talking to anyone but u, like bitch i don't care if ur talking to a 100 girls bc i'm doing my own thing as well y lie about it?? y'all swear every girl wanna marry u
adding to our LGBTQ groupchat! -everyone is  - we are a family / no judgement - 21+ (dm me about this) - PLEASE be active like/reply/dm me to be added! 
My heart is melting 
It is disgraceful that President @realDonaldTrump retweeted  …
Get the playgrounds next! Bury all swing sets! And leave no toys 
Just so y’all know, this is that Stephanie Freeman girl, this account is followed by the boyfriends official Instagram, one of 17 people he follows. She posted this shit 4 MINUTES AGO 
I missed Cinnabon, so guess what I 
Thinking about all the cool ReAOZ Hyzenthlay 
Hannah was going to be in a talent show; Zoe was in a rollerblading race; and Betty was going to ride in a horse show with her horse Dakota! The problem was their events were all on Saturday! They decided to write up a schedule so they could attend each other's event! 
These are #FriendsNotFood #NationalPrimeRibDay 
i just sit back n observe
Fiona Apple’s latest might have been a masterpiece at any time, but it’s also a masterpiece of 
PSA: You can block accounts on Twitter all day, but they can create a new account in seconds. If people want to harass you on social media, they can find a way to do it, repeatedly.
Thank you! Our book tour is canceled, so anyone else out there looking for a good read, please do think  …
MARK LEES ARTWORT MADE IT INTO AN ART 
fuck u if u r in cherry’s minecraft realm and destroyed my house 
who said the  out this 
this song is about being trapped which is perfect for quarantine jams.
This is everything I’ve been trying to put into words, perfectly summed up  …
Just the beginning, keep working #2  …
internet got you bitches thinking your life is better than the next .. you DONT know what’s really going on in a bitch life ! Stop looking at my socials thinking you got me figured out
ON JESUS CHRIST HONDURANS ROAST GAME IS ELITE  …
2021 G Jasmine Shavers Receives An Offer From Mississippi State @JazzShavers @LadyDriveNation @texastruthbbr @bballjkey @NikkiMccray15 @Coach_E_B
A new Pop Smoke album and documentary are currently in the works 
Dying from asphyxiation instead of the virus  …
#IRS is issuing Economic Impact Payments to people as fast as possible. If you have questions related to your payment, take a moment to review our FAQs:  
"Privacy Versus Health is a False Trade-Off"- An op-ed with @salome_viljoen_ and @benzevgreen:  ….
Big ol ears! #fursuit 
Lol I made a header Header for @oJ0KER Headers are $6.00 Likes and Rt 
We have finally reached 1K followers Thank you to all our supporters for making this happen Now let the grinding continue guys #FearNoOne
No emergency ! Guys , I am down with a cold and I’ll be taking it easy for a few days . Please, don’t be alarmed by my absence . I am ok. I’ve been careful , and had minimal exposure to the outside world . Just taking few days off from everything , and resting until feel 
WestAfricans have spoken! Kenyans ought to say something as Well. “We won’t hurt them, But They won’t spend a night here!” 
Buffs baby I appreciate the  …
#MyLoveAffairWithDiamonds w/ @BusattiMilano exceptional emerald and diamond bracelet! An ode to exceptionally deep extraordinary craftsmanship of Italian jewellers, @ExtraItaJewelry!  #YourDailyDoseOfSparkle 
#WhosWhoInBUGA Wassup #uga24, it’s Kayla •C/O ‘22 from Atlanta, GA •Marketing Major w/ a certificate in New Media Studies •I’m involved in @georgiadaze_ & the Fanning Institute for Leadership •Feel free to dm me with any questions! 
Here's another keeper for when the Democratic party paid operatives start whining & blaming Bernie supporters if they lose the general election. Third Way advises to write those voters off. They'd rather lose to Trump than adopt any policy that would actually address needs of  …
Throwback to when a reporter accidentally called lebron “Kobe” “I don’t mind being 
Cannot wait!!! #bookposse  …
Saturday #sunset Timberlin golf course first tee Berlin CT 4.18.20 @DarrenSweeney @LensAreLive @FOX61News @bobmaxon @NicoleNalepaTV @GarofaloWX @Eweather13 @petermarteka 
Fantomas says, "We meet again, Agent 007, but this time the advantage is 
Happy Svensday Goolies....Clear the Air Lanes. It’s that time again.. 
Hallelujah by Jennifer Hudson got me like... 
Jordan Retro 6 SE ‘DMP’ available in most sizes here Champs  Footaction  
the most hate, but the most successful
only svdden death would say just “i came” into the mic
I knew Taeyong’s COVID baseball bat reminded me of something, he’s 
Old tweet @KissesDelavin #KissesDelavin  …
What is the first edit  to mind when you see this tweet?
“Blacks” is 
Your self respect should be stronger than your feelings.
Bonus orange version -- imagine this beauty taking the title in 
Saskatoon Teachers' Association providing 600 cellphones to students in  …
lol you dummies couldn't even pick one of the four women running for president as your  …
In lighter news, my neighbours haven't judged my tastes in music YET but I am fully expecting a text from one of them asking, "Are you really listening to SEA SHANTIES?"
everybody buying the wigs i want with the checks i’m ineligible to receive
mari and boze. that’s it
tap in NOT A 
yesss!!! it sounds so clear omg
Complex issue of restarting selected important elective medical procedures, for patients who suffer from the wait, depends on eg PPE availablility Covid numbers Preop testing for covid to protect all patient need eg pain or deteriorating disability or cancer investigation
Waking up in Canada is like living in a hallucination without taking 
Mercury in #Cancer Least Favorite Person To Communicate With: Libra
It's been hard to find motivation lately but here's a 
im convinced im the only person on this app who hasnt met ruel
I don’t think people understand our love for Castle sometimes, I don’t think they understand the physical pain we overcame by standing up for the story of the show. It wasn’t just for Stana, but it was for Beckett and Castle too. It was for the love story we had invested years in
had the biggest crush on ben vitas since freshman year. now i’m dating him. hard work pays off ladies #celticconfessions2020
i have officially accepted the fact that i'll never get a bf. colby has set my standards way too 
George Street, Sydney. Sunday morning (looking north, then south). #COVID19Aus 
the TL is at its best after SuperM does anything
Remember, no 
I couldn’t standddd these damn  …
So the choice is clear: Michelle Obama. Never mind that she is a man and has even less political experience than Hillary Clinton did when she ran for the White  …
PS4 essential item during CB 
It’s a beautiful thought to know that the best years of our lives are yet 
and then he made it EVEN worse with BLURRED LINES
Hey, @PadmaLakshmi and @tomcolicchio, this Top Chef season is a  so you just keep that up, okay?
From everything I'm hearing, the Buccaneers are not high on J.K. Dobbins. If you can't pass block, Bruce Arians doesn't want you
we go back and forth. @SB19Official #SB19 
4X Cali State Champ Jesse  live shortly  
can y’all believe taeyong saying “mom, i’m on ellen!!!!” is the reason why i’m here and he’s my ult lmao
Oprah crucified James Frey for daring to write a fictionalized memoir that did nothing but entertain, but now the men whose careers she launched as phony doctors are all over the idiot box spreading deadly propaganda and... Radio silence.
Awww too bad CONTACT THE COLLEGE  …
Um, is he saying civil rights are a  …
Anyway, asexual and demisexual people  valid on mcr twitter and I don't care if you don't agree
RT GAME PAID! I said I wanted to make it hit 2k at least and it hit EXACTLY $2,000. So perfect and round. Good boy pindick! 
It’s starting to feel strange to watch a TV show where people are gathered in a bar or office. I think: “why aren’t they all 6 feet apart?”
SO I FINALLY STOPPED SLEEPING ON JOHN MULANEY AND OH MY FUCKING GOD I CANT BREATHE
imagine thinkin tony hits on all of his assistants....first of all he was smitten w pepper from the very first time they met and second of all he never so much as flirted with natashalie as he was just blushing  stuttering like an idiot 8th grader seeing a pretty girl
You will never reach your destination if you stop and throw stones at every dog that barks-Winston Churchill Translation: On the way to anything great,ppl will try to bring you down as you go. I see it so often. Leave them behind, give them zero of your time. Stay the course
Just got the call. My uncle has passed away from Covid19. He was a Vietnam Veteran, and prison guard after that until he became disabled with kidney disease. His wife is now home fighting the virus too. Hoping their kids and grandkids don't get it. #StayHome
Good, I see several Whitehall officials have gone the Journalists over the weekend, there are several stories about to break from missed Cobra meetings to ignoring scientific advice on a #CoronavirusOutbreak to concentrate on #Brexit. They are all true. 
 to #PuppyBookClub everyone! Tonight we are reading a fun, sweet little story "Betty Spaghetty, Where Are You?" by Suzy Capozzi! This is a story about three good friends: Betty, Hannah and Zoe who each have their own big  up! (See thread 
end your local seungmin stans by sending them these two 
I’m old enough to remember when a stimulus check with a President’s name on it would be enough to send a certain little Tea Party into hysterics. Now they cash those so fast, their MAGA hats spin.
A fact for your 
atleast we’re under the same sky
high school band finally paid 
Watched this last night and it was a TIME. If you have Prime, please check this movie out!!! The black indie movie of my dreams  …
Ummmmm we have on record the losers who still haven’t accepted the last election.
STARTED NOW FROM WE'RE THE HERE 
One of our friends just tested positive for Covid19. She probably was infected at her sister’s funeral who succumbed from it. This is real America.
shawn knew better he's on another 
That is a cabbage... Nature is 
I was happy that @Vanessa_ABee came on our podcast this week but feel bad since I learned today that she only did it because of internalized misogyny  …
For my friends at DSF Cheer, @VarsitySpirit , and 
Immensely proud of this 
Why are you giving your all for people who give you the bare minimum?
We're not the only ones already in tears from @IAMJHUD's rendition of Hallelujah, right? No? Okay great.  
@TessaViolet I painted something, hope u like it stream bored mv  
CAUGHT RED HANDED LMFAO #TheRookie 
WTF? @RepTomSuozzi - he’s has been totally ineffective as a member of the problem solvers caucus - pray for us. We deserve better reps vote for  …
It’s official  will be online in 24 hours 
Patriots 2019 first-round pick N'Keal Harry running the deep route for 2020 draft QB prospect Bryce Perkins. The two played together at Chandler High School, leading the team to its first-ever Arizona state  …
Show me the 
Win, lose, or draw my friends know how to cheer me up. This #HeyHeyDance will be hard to beat. We also might need a Johnny Drip Drip match for the name.  …
I‘m doing what I like again - analyzing artists‘ first name. Vachirawit - Vajira (Pali) = diamond, thunder - VijJa (Sanskrit) = wise man = a wise man whose cleverness is as sharp as a diamond Metawin = a wise man But I couldn’t find any explanation about the root of the name
you know how we get down, CHOPPING 
Print came in the from 
i look so cute rn and i don’t even have makeup on rn, it’s because i stan superm.
 …
You may not like this man but you have to admit he's spitting straight  …
Don’t have dreams of what you want . Make them realistic goals you can obtain .
follow everyone that RTS this
I’m extremely sorry for your loss May they Rest In Peace And May Allah (SWAT) bless your father and others affected with patience & love at this difficult time.
I just throw all my stuff in the middle of the room like a bonfire and sit on top of it.
when the chips were down, trump threw his lot in with the most deranged conspiracy lunatics against the vast majority of american  …
For anyone wondering what not to do at your brother’s Coronavirus front yard wedding just do what Luke does. This includes, but is not limited to, dying your hair bleach blonde and being on your phone in the middle of the first 
i really need to leave jaeden alone and stop making 
There was a horse w a chick fil a sign on it so y’all know I had to flick up in my uniform real quick 
Explains why CA and FL are doing so well.
Our Student Spotlight of the day: Lindsey 
The only segment worth viewing on #insiders 
Charli with her new 
Listen guys before  for me I’m NOT a singer okay , I’m just trying 
Jesus. I just heard Jennifer Hudson sing Hallelujah and I just burst into tears. She may not be human.
Funke Akindele's birthday party was not crowded like this, yet she was arrested. Who's to be arrested for Abba Kyari's burial?... Someone needs to pay mulct or Nigeria Gov should return Funke's money. #funkeakindelebello #abbakyariburial #NCDCTakeResponsibility 
@stoolpresidente hire. her. now.
This level is about improving, not impressing.
I’m working on adore you 2.0 rn
can i be homophobic for a  …
𝒌ing-𝑡𝑜-be in the 𝘁𝗶𝗻𝗶𝗲𝘀𝘁 of 𝘧𝘰𝘳𝘮𝘴 ( 𝑟𝑜𝑦ɑl · freedom is his — middle nɑme tho, 
She’s so 
FHN's own Emily Hood.. NATIONAL HS Journalist of the Year. She's kinda a big deal. #fhsdpride  …
Melissa Fumero is clear of any of these TikTokers but Twitter isn’t ready for this 
Replace “Biden” with “puppies” or “Tom Hanks” and this still works.  
If you're not getting laid right now just know it's because you never got good at Super Smash Bros.
Incase yall aint know, Black Men dont hold stake on Blackness and they are not the gatekeepers of said Blackness. Black Women are not beholden to Cishet Black Men and Cishet Black Men don’t own Black Women, our Sexuality, or our Freedom. We don’t need “handlers” gtfoh
Super lucky me!!! I got advance copies of the @villagebrewery ‘Hooch’ hard seltzer! It’s the easiest drinking 5% I’ve ever had. Grapefruit and Lime are my favs, and Mango is really good! I think you can order it for delivery. Check the Village Webz. Bring on 
Gonna attempt to do atleast 15+ Hours of grinding #VALORANT [Already live for 5+ Hours] Tap  
i miss the 
It’s about to begin @JormaKaukonen’s live stream Stay in Peace concert to w/excellent acoustics @FurPeaceStation. 8 p.m. EDT Sat, April 18. There will be a Q&A and some Fur Peace Ranch memorabilia give-aways!  Tune in...together we are a family!
I’m sorry darui pulled up to the Great War in FULL Rick 
Hi. I feel sad rn so here’s some pictures of 
to be so lonely is so underrated 
People always ask me if I ACTUALLY check my DM’s... The answer is YES 
Hobi reacting to armys chanting his name will get me in the feels:(( he deserves to be showered with love 
HERE SHE IS!! IM SO HAPPY  
Michael dms @rebelin5sos @albitaesteve8 @hslonelyheart @rileighcv @holls__X @Itslykaaaaa1 @cherriehigh @NoShame_Gracie @94isfearless @wildflowerluvrr @oIdmeirwin @wiildflowerrrr @dlibyhhabit @ITSPARKJlMlN @Natalie00698616 @goodrich03 @tommohasmylove 
i say i’m okay, but deep down i wish timothee chalamet had an onlyfans
momma can you die from a broken heart
Mi querido amigo, @JebBush! I miss seeing you. Columba and los nietos are doing  …
If I’m the toxic one why they  back?
so cringe get this off my tl pls
Just donated trays of food to Nurses and Staff members at North shore University Hospital. Thank you guys for all the hardwork.
"Realistic" render of Avatar Kyoshi. For my anatomy 
The @NWSJacksonMS has raised the threat level for severe weather on Sunday to moderate (4 out of 5). Please be weather aware, Golden Eagles.   …
Listen to Dr. @KameelahRashad, Imam @ImamTariqElAmin and our ED @Margari_Aziza talk about the @BMCoalition where they discuss, Black freedom struggles, moving the needle, and leadership. We're so inspired! We hope you will be too.  
history is a flat circle and we live in hell
i get irritated to gahdamn quick
Almost @AC_jaguarbball game 
Obviously? Babe I’ll listen to them till the end of my miserable life
The More You Know 
gotta tell my grandkids about otis - jay & kanye, that track is UP there for me
Normally it’s me or go out but he definitely has done way more cooking during  …
At a time of national crisis, elected officials’ responsibilities include providing public information and assistance to the needy. But it’s perhaps never been less clear where public service ends — and the campaign 
studies (i used my own photos for 
$ETH One level to 
Now is a great time to (re) read @Chris_arnade wonderful book Dignity. The abyss between front row and back row is growing during this epidemic and will only get worse as we deal with the 
Vocal king! #SuperM 
FEBRUARY: TRUMP: "China is very... professionally run... they have everything under control." BIDEN: “I would not be taking China’s word... I would insist China allow our scientists in to (determine) how it started, where it’s from, how far along it  …
Happy #screenshotsaturday to allSome super early prototype chicken boat boss action. #RoosterRampage #ue4 #IndieDevWorldOrder 
thirteen: you repeated "poopoo peepee" and "coochie" all throughout the fucking destruction of our home planet the master: 
love ya 
2v2 @altcustoms Warzone champions with @SleepyShoTzzz! #KeyboardSecured #PalsOnTop
 …
The whole world got the same info from WHO that Trump got. Instead of taking it seriously like South Korea did Trump played it down and instead went golfing and campaigning . As a result the US has the most cases and most deaths. Total failure of leadership.
ARIZONA: Mark Kelly +9 Over McSally In Senate  …
“Is there anything else you needed” 
Y’all really willing to scam someone you know to join in on this loom circle just so you can get $800
Barbara Bollier would be the first female doctor in the U.S. Senate and is running against far-right Trump puppet Kris Kobach where she is currently polling ahead! RETWEET if you support Bollier as she runs to turn Kansas blue and flip the U.S. 
The one I’m with right now is the one I wanna be with till I die
Whitmore Remains as Reliable as Ever at Oaklawn Park  
Bob and I were watching Wolf, mayor deBlasio was on talking about the lack of money in all cities. Bob said, why doesn’t the Congress, House and Senate, forgo their salaries to help pay for Fire, PD, EMT.Without them we’re lost. I told him it was a great idea. #LucidMoments
time to draw my favorite pose: peter cushing frankenstein holding a 
We had a giant drawer of cords, some of which work and some of which do not, some of which go to things and some of which do not. Last night I went through and sorted them and tossed the bad ones, and I think I finally achieved some sort of inner  …
He wants to play animals that 
It’s funny how some performances leaked in full and Swifties can’t even get a song title.
Furloughs Hit Trump's Mar-A-Lago  … via @VanityFair
Im craving bueno  …
testing out this platform cause ig is nawwt 
As A Rule, powerful people threatening litigation is *not* a sign that you're doing journalism wrong.
Can't think of a better way to spend a day. Fresh air, sun, breeze, 18 at Weissinger 
she’s the 
DiBlasio has indirectly admitted that hundreds or thousands of lives would have been saved in NYC, if immigrants had learn English.  delays cost lives and increased the spread. We can see the numbers and wondered why? We know 
Taking blocking when this is all over is going to be so easy. Everyone's going to be on 0, 6 and 12. #SMproblems
Dash attack the ol' stanky 
I napped?? at 11pm??? for two hours????? fffffffffffffffffffffffffff
We already have fedex and ups... and they will /not/ deliver to everywhere the usps does. So thats already a no.
Every time I picture what I’m gonna do first when this is over, it’s always me dancing my face off at this special place. Help keep it alive. Winnipeg needs this  …
“to pay me to write better songs” 
i miss school bc i can’t show how much i don’t care virtually
 made by @TimSmithMP are simply irresponsible, and  of somebody in public office. He should be ashamed of himself. This is not the time for party politics.
The Dark Knight Returns by Allan 
Is  outside or 
Allie/Bunny @AllieWrestling #AEW #AEWDynamite #AEWDark 
Our politicians are corrupt no matter how much we pay them, they still want more! They feed off the public purse like Pigs at a Truffle farm!
I hate that yall act like “friends with benefits” is something new and made up by gay men..... People have been doing this for centuries
Kara Sevda should’ve had a happy ending after so much shit. Sue me.
I wanna do a twitter giveaway cause I’m bored y’all down
Technical difficulties but WE BACK! @GetWetSports 
ty on his way to beat the shit out of miss rona virus 
Broadway actor Nick Cordero to have leg amputated after  Cordero is just 41-years-old  …
I’m not antisocial I just really can’t be bothered to socialise
♡( ) ‹ 𝗘𝗻𝘁𝗿𝗲 𝗻𝘂𝗯𝗲𝘀 𝘆 𝗹𝗮𝘃𝗮𝗻𝗱𝗮𝘀. Quinn & Chris 
ok but this taemin is so 
Is it okay if I call you my Prada Bae? 
Hey Farva, what’s the name of that restaurant you like with the mozzarella sticks and the goofy shit on the wall? 
Reopening the economy now is like not finishing your antibiotics because you are starting to feel a little bit better
Give yourself more credit, you made it this far.
“Sasha Was Different” - Former Washington Capitals Forward Dainius Zubrus Talks About Playing With Alex Ovechkin In Recent Interview  …
I always hated “platonic intimacy” but now I get why theatre kids are like that. First friend I see after quarantine I’m tongue kissing.
I’m online and taking losers’ stimulus checks dm to have some fun with yours. 
mr schue really performed toxic with those CHILDREN in front of the entire school
Oh everyone, thank you. I’m reading through your most lovely and wonderful  messages and cannot even tell you  it is. 
I would like every Netflix documentary to be half as many episodes please
• #ACNH GIVEAWAY! • Winner will receive a digital copy of Animal Crossing: New Horizons • follow @KikiMichellexo • follow @Locolizardman • retweet (And be sure to follow @Locolizardman on @Twitch for bonus entries and giveaways during 
how many crumbs does it take to change a lightbulb? 42! and one ty! for emotional 
I sing “Carole Baskin killed her husband whacked him” like 500000x daily lmaoo..
One of the greatest sporting moments I’ve ever watched  …
Cuomo can shove it @realDonaldTrump We aren’t bailing out states because of poor judgement and over spending
Terrified of Corona? Then stay in your house But stop demanding your neighbors live in the same fear you chose for yourself !
#TRGDirect someone brought up the idea of @JoshJepson & @FireLordBrooke 's cat oliver and @Proton_Jon and @lucahjin 's cat bagel potentially having a playdate someday, and i had to doodle that adorable concept. bagel even brought his own bundle of cords for them to chew 
I do unfollow back.
Howdy 
This sunset is so pretty 
My trip to Paris to see BTS was unforgettable, I miss them so much #BANGBANGCON @BTS_twt 
having a shit time and tweeting a lot to distract myselfpeople calling me annoying and unfollowing
Kelz when he heard Francesca and Harry spent 
ㅤ، . . . mᥲdᥱ.於 ᥲsıᥲ ? /_ : 𝗠!𝗦𝗦_𝗔 ! ⁺ 對 ꜜ * #MιssA_Evᥱᥒts #RODDEBUT * #HAPPILITCH Anne se encuentra en el debut de estas chicas talentosas, les deseamos mucha suerte hoy. Les enviamos muy buenas vibras de parte de todas las 
Not owning a PS 5 says a lot about your girlfriend.
Feng Pokes are fun...I still hate him though #PS4share  
stay away from me unless you have this 
Fuck 
Just wanted to give a shoutout to @GR8xOvechkin for playing incredibly well today. I sometimes focus solely on what I could have done better, or the couple bad bounces that happened, but some days your opponent just outclasses you.
Rage has  my  as I follow the news of trump’s criminal negligence and  Heartbreaking to see the foolish people protesting the shelter in place rules.
Guess where I went to school 
Can’t wait to tune into this “Last Dance” documentary.
My 91-year-old mom is in the hospital in New York with covid-19. I'd be grateful for your prayers for her. #COVID #CatholicTwitter
need i say 
The wife isn’t here and I’m drinking with my poodle. What are y’all 
Congratulations to our ACVB graduates!! Such a bittersweet “graduation” day. We cannot wait to watch you walk across the stage soon! #OnceAScot #AlwaysAScot 
WHY IS SHE SCREAMING IN MY 
i talk a lot of shit about stranger things but i must admit that steve trying to run over billy without even knowing he was possessed was a moment in history
I'm afraid to ask for what I know I need. I am afraid to be honest about the amount of pain that I meant. And I certainly I'm scared to be honest about my fibro flares. I miss being honest with my doctor how about  …
baekhyun when he sees his dms flooded by white celebs begging him fr vocal 
SMACK 
Stop wishing for it Start working for it
#TLPAqab_Promotion List 5 Retweet And Follow @Sqr786 @TLPaqabofficial @AnsarRizvi7 @Komal00780 @Aqaboffic @RizwanMadni10 @Sidra_TLP @AamirM922 @aasijee98 @Abeer24101 @HamidGujjar169 @sabspo @asvi_ansar @Arzoomalik01 @MAmjudd @Aabid22846429 
Who’s Grinding for us 
im wine 
She aint even have no backup lol
attempting a 24 tn
This won't go bad, right? 
i walk around like i’m okay but deep down i just want a prisoner pen pal
This is my overview of the Twitter accounts I had the most interactions with recently. Via  
“I had to make you  otherwise you would never move” -God
RED LIGHT BECAUSE YOU HAVE NO MORE BLOOD TO DRINK FROM THEM!!
bobby was in  and "missed" . he is literally slapped in his lying 
. @USPS employs over 650,000 workers across the country, and the last we should do during this public health crisis is to take their work for granted. I’ve joined my colleagues in requesting strong funding for the US Postal Service in the next relief 
Very excited about this collaboration. We're hyped to be working with Breht to build up a revolutionary left-wing  …
Okay, but the fact that Dustin Nguyen always draws Jason with the black leather jacket and red domino mask, aka the superior look Just another reason he's the best Jason 
can y’all stop  pls so much negative energy here
I don’t buy the “Miami wants Herbert over Tua” reports. We’re talking about a player that’s been projected top-5 for months, even after his injury. And with a week until the draft he slips outside the top-10? Whole lotta smoke.
Maki Will Never Die, But You Will. #西木野真姫生誕祭2020 
So many members of my family either have coronavirus or intimately know someone who does Do not let anyone tell you this is not serious No amount of money is worth losing loved ones Stay safe, stay home Love you all
Then this woman, an 86-year-old woman who was one of the original Freedom Riders, said: "Well, if only half the choir votes, then we better keep preaching." Don't chase the lost causes. Get the people who are on our side to vote instead.
The number of #COVID19 cases around the globe exceeded 2.3 million as of 10:40 p.m. (GMT) Saturday, according to latest data released by Johns Hopkins University. The U.S. has the most cases in the world: 
So glad you lost Bernie  …
The way how this top 10 is beautifully diverse. I see some pop, some R&B, some rap, some hip hop, even a little Latin. Female artists always bringing something new to the table  …
Happy to support a locally owned favorite tonight. @RiverwalkPizza1 in Sanford Workers told me they’re grateful for the loyal support they’ve received 
Not to sound really strict but my current rule is I cannot drink alcohol until I finish ALL of my coffee.
Ight who actually wants a follow tho?
You see me in person and instantly drop to your knees. Send me $100 findom asiangoddess finsub 
I never in my life heard of anyone addicted to shrooms or  …
Hardin Scott - 
6th member of one direction, team James. #OneDirection 
Me after sex: sooo you wanna fuck again or you done
when kate bush and fiona apple meet each other on the top of the hill...a cultural reset 
Get ready brother, it’s like nothing you ever seen before.
Happy Spring 
this is  …
This is so darn cute and cool of Edgar and his wife to do for their little girl that I watched it twice and will probably watch it again. Plus they have two dogs, and one’s a golden. Well done Hall of Famer!  …
So it’s dangerous enough that schools remain closed but beaches can be opened?  …
"TAKE THE MONEY AND GIVE IT AWAY" - wisdom from Fiona  …
#Seekonk Rt 195 EB between Exits 1 & 2 single vehicle crash w/ fire. Serious injury to the operator. #MAtraffic detoured through Weigh Station. MSP CSSS & CARS assisting. @MassDOT on scene.
Guess it’s me, wine, ID Channel and Pinterest tonight lol
So how many traders have been trying to short $LINK since $2.30? Seems they have all disappeared.
say hi to me 
i’m hearing this is more hot than funny and now i understand why everyone is avoiding interacting with it. i didn’t mean for it to be hot i just can’t help it
a capricorn venus can most certainly get 
Yes there are Snyder fans that are toxic but some of these bloggers irrational obsession w dunking on Snyder and his fans is just as toxic
@SenatorDurbin There are are many professionals working in front lines for fighting COVID 19 but they are in 100 years GC backlog because of you DO NOT want to help make the change, Please call @SenatorLee and pass #S386 BILL ASAP.
never 
My son found my old tag in the garage! 
That’s what  to. Politicians going on power-trip overdrive simply to score political points by destroying the lives of the people they are supposed to protect. Politicians are asking for a Revolution. Plain and simple.
Welp it’s that time again - going live in roughly 15 minutes with some 
The Jihad Attacks on Churches in Illinois That You Heard Nothing  …
i need more 
been struggling a lot mentally during this lockdown but @regrettesband ‘s music has really been helping me get through these all took 2+ hours each so i just thought id share them 
This might be my all-time favorite @Radiolab episode. The episode is organized around this question: “What’s the one sentence you would want to pass on to the next generation that would contain the most information in the fewest  …
"Seungyoun Hyung, please keep smiling in the future" - Yohan. and he always did yoh, last night too he looked sooo much happy, as always. thankyou seungyoun.. wish we can see you guys again stand back together on the stage 
Dr. Rob let me stop you - they ain’t listening. They will have corpses piled up in their homes and they won’t listen. No information gets in.
jennifer hudson's rendition of hallellujah has got me 
You are the definition of a true hero!!! GOD bless you!
Whenever I think of Trudeau and his supporters,I'm reminded of a barker at the Calgary Stampede selling tickets to the "Man Eating Chicken." When he pulled back the curtain, there was this guy enjoying KFC. #trudeaumustgo
Flirting while in a relationship is cheating don't sugar coat it.
Her outstanding beauty  
We've lost over 2,400 lives to the coronavirus each of the last 3 days. It's 9/11-level of death each  …
Here is one of the other candidates for Kyrene School Board. If you get the opportunity to meet Scott, I hope that you will keep this post in mind. Stay healthy 
Many thanks to everyone who spread the word and contributed to #SciFanSat today! Every author's participation enriches this event with their voice. See you next week! Elex City, by Jan Ditlev  #AmWritingScifi #AmWritingFantasy 
Recording my talk video for @PyCon turned out to be much harder than giving the talk live! My expectations were higher and quite a bit of the "wow" factor from being able to experience things happen in real time was gone. 
Rep. Matt Gaetz rents office space from donor, former client despite House rules: report ⁦ @mattgaetz⁩ Fake News? A hit job? Witch Hunt? Many Trump model retorts to choose from, why not check with the ’Master Crook’ before you begin your defense.  …
I will breathe. I will think of solutions. I will not let my worry control me. I will not let my stress level control me. I will simply breath. And it will be OK. Because I don’t quit.
Not qualing was actually one of the better  Now I feel so motivated  back and be the best again.
@HEELZiggler, @reymysterio, @WWECesaro, @EdgeRatedR, @RandyOrton to name a few....  …
So @WSU_Cougar_Pres is the cook in our family & has been creating great meals while we are at home. But I am the cookie baker & today I made some chocolate chip cookies . Smell of chocolate chip cookies always seems to make me feel better about things. #WSUTogether 
What r you waiting for 
Gov. Abbott’s plan to reopen the Texas economy strikes the right notes | 
 weekend 
This is when Tufton was explaining how far they stick the swab for Covid 19 testing 
“They need me online”naw man  in during dire time
The pokemon show is basically 97 line with their baby Ohira Shosei
Night #KaraAmbargroup @Ayhan_525 @TemurH16 @CcPrens @YsmTzn @meduxp @oce2005 @JuanSGE @LudMarx1 @melo_zeno @Annie22462736 @Spencerjames211 @PriscaBrusau @SProCorner @lumpie125 @F4FCatAry @Saori__M @HKaanS @bella_xp @izakira3 @Hsnklil @IfbSdv @IsoaG @Oshn63 @Germn_jj 
Lord knows I try my hardest to always show love... but damn, sometimes y’all be testing me to show you how COLD my heart can get.
I would not rule the #Bills out here. Downhill style that they covet as  option to Singletary. If they can get him for a Day 3 pick I could easily see this happening. One year left on his deal, too, which means they *could* get  pick back for  …
#COVID19 global #AI hackathon  
Thank you to all of our Aggie nurses, doctors, and medical workers fighting and serving on the front lines! 
Lady Gaga is about to perform at the main #TogetherAtHome show with a cover of "Smile" by Nat King Cole. Watch now:  
When our fanbase panics when Jefferson gets drafted before 21 >>>>
took some bb photos for OF today 
i don't know who needs to hear this but it's not "should of"
I second that. His face is, indeed, very ass-like.
Yo so like... new video 
multiple choice question for quarantine school 1. have you ever seen anyone this adorable? a) no b)  …
It’s not the most glamorous Sandusky cityscape shot, but it’s the view I see everytime leaving my house. I do enjoy how urban it feels for a small 
Florida residents hit the beach while Texans protest coronavirus restrictions  
I DON’T GIVE AF..... I’MA KEEP REPOSTING THE VIDEO. That girl made a whole racist video then wanna cry that her “life is ruined.”  …
The rest of them kicked him out for sticking to his anti-corporate principles so they could license “Holiday in Cambodia” for a fucking 
My @jeremyhl network via @NodeXL  @ccooke6685 @thartman2u @docassar @esteestimler @jen_zeppelin @aejmc @ktamirisamd @drhowardliu @themichelewojo Top hashtags: #aejmccheckin #coronavirus #data #uno1forall #firstamendment #socialmedia #smmm2020
#DDSexySaturday. Play. (Play 
TAEMINNIE IS FOREVER BABY HE NEVER 
her: Come over me: I can't her: I'm building high speed rail connecting all the urban centres me:  
this man deserves a night set
stimulus check spent 
follow @fwKirria
The Avengers as the answers of one question: "Would you fuck a clone of yourself?". A thread. Because I'm bored. 
wait WHAT? it has to be tights, i don’t believe  …
Throwback when I recorded this during Coachella 2015 when @DukeDumont played this song and it was an ID at the time. My favorite song by 
leave cole and lili alone and stop making theories only they know what is actually going 
Today I prettied myself up for the first time since we went into lockdown because @sheathescholar and I were filming our module. It felt nice to look nice. 
Pretty Mama 
Legally
oop i’m alive
Since our #ACNH island is named Dunshire here’s our new 
just doing my civic duty of turning off camila cabello whenever i hear her music
Wow. @BilldeBlasio is just brilliant with @AliVelshi right now. Sadly, what Trump is doing - I mean, not doing - is terrifying and tragic.
also the reason i mix alcohol with juice is bc it helps you not feel like shit afterwards cus it keep you hydrated
We are two weeks away from the "He was a Fox News watcher who didn't think COVID-19 was a real thing. His kids did, warning him not to go out and protest. He went anyway. Weeks later, he died from the virus" stories.
LFT -Jungle -18yo -Constantly master/gm this season -Big champion pool -Easy to work with -Highly motivated RT's and likes highly appreciated
Tonight’s 
Timelapse video shows artist Austin Zucchini-Fowler painting a mural of a healthcare worker in Denver, CO. It took two days for him to create the piece,which honors all the medical professionals fighting in the battle against coronavirus. 
Have you read “You’ll Never Eat Lunch In this Town Again”? An oldie but one of my all time faves!
Arm the moderate girls alts
You mean the world to us #Brightwin You both deserve all the fame and love @bbrightvc  …
Nadie me kiere dar lov:(
my cat making a taco with her tongue 
I hit 600 followers overnight! I’m getting the attention I deserve so now I want the money to match. $end an amount $6 • $60 • $600 BeemIt: amberbby PayPal:  •findom findomaus humanatm paypig 
Can there not be a way for people taking every precaution wearing PPE, to be by the side of a loved one as they lay dying?
Mom the past 18 Years: “We are never getting a dog.” Also my Mom... Quarantine is getting to 
If I say “Lil booties matter” does that excuse this thirst trap? 
. @VernBuchanan & I are calling on @POTUS to urge President Xi to drastically expand regulation & enforcement of often contaminated & cruel live animal #WetMarkets in China. #COVID19’s emergence was linked to one such market in Wuhan. This is unacceptable & cannot 
Holy balls Just when you think they can't get more tone deaf, they try to fake-apologize for racism while wearing a racist shirt
The line up I just gave my little brother definitely put a dent in our relationship
Ewww now im thinking about popcorn Send happy pics that don’t involve poverty? TIA
@WRproamleague Rising Stars Round 1 8:15 PM Eastern Time Tonight @NewLaneGaming vs @MSTVPostDraft PG - @TheOfficialDc3 SG - @Fug6zi SF - @DelshunYoung PF - @AllahOg C - @retrotrell_ @youFamousEnough @2kCompGames @RankEm_ @TexasStarrr_ 
like this for an indirect from higgaboos
#RevPit Update Tera Cuskaden has reached her cap of 100 submissions. If you were planning to choose @TeraCus as your editor but were unable to submit yet due to special circumstances, please email us reviseresub@gmail.com
Year 1 Team Captain All Conference 
Wow! #OneWorldTogetherAtHome Is On Almost Every Channel At 8pm. I'm Watching! #ThisTooShallPass #StayHealthy #BeSafe #WashYourHands #GodBless
You guys remember what it was like to be running late for something?
The "I've missed you" sex is the best kind of sex.
The First ever Rated Gaming: @MLBTheShow Invitational Tournament  to a close. We want to thank everyone who participated! We look forward to do more events in the future! @kriner_jack @mitchhammond24 @NetworkSwingman #GetRated
My friends watching me play 
Rt this and I’ll ask one of your followers about you :)
Excellent Article: “Will Big Pharma Fleece Us On A COVID Treatment That We Helped Fund?” - Too Much  …
I won’t forgive #ChinaIsAssHoe
What’s your favorite animated movie? #GifGame 
Our Prime Minister never says "+god bless Canada" at the end of his speeches+we don't go around god blessing everyone every 5 minutes in Canada. We are extremely diverse. We are not one color, race, sexual orientation or  …
i’m only acting like this cause i like you
Part 2 of what people 
Don’t say you’re going to do something and not do it.
WE ARE NOT 
Can’t wait till my friends and family achieve their goals in this life
Mosquitos are beginning to emerge from the depths of hell to torment us once 
STAY AT HOME!!!!
She’s done it AGAIN! Today I was given the opportunity to sing on Mr. @KimaniJOfficial ‘s live and I am again, forever grateful for the opportunity! I was able to sing one of my moms favorite and I know she’ll be proud (When she wakes up 
minho will be in bbcon today —> stays will want to watch —> stays will also end up watching the concert —> they’ll want to stan bts —> everyone  a stayarmy —> btskz world domination
From the good doctor  …
Silence of the interns #BidenMovieTitles
j’aime Bleach.
aw shucks I'm just a regular daggy dad chucking a bloody meal together for my bloody missus and bloody kids on this little old  stove the size of  car
I saw heaven opened & behold a white horse. He who sat on him was called Faithful & True, in righteousness He judges and makes war. His eyes were as a flame of fire, on his head were many crowns; he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself Revelation 
Just Bought A $1 iPhone Charger From Dollar Tree And This Hoe Changed My Phone Number
category: 
This is what I saw earlier: did she really say “blacks” and then expect me to not contact @UnivWestGa again to make sure they reject her next year too
What are you dreaming of doing when the #covid19australia restrictions are lifted? I'm dreaming of cruising out bush freely on the Tanami highway & giving a big hug to family passing by Feeling homesick for country  is a hard feeling to sit with gotta stay 
Drop a “” and follow whoever likes it
As a teenager I wondered why The Proclaimers were willing to walk 500 miles. #TIL because it’s one mile for every country.
 …
The next R6 season should have a firing range or at the very least allow us to use defenders in t-hunt classic. Valorant is in closed beta and has a firing range. There's no excuse.
Se no #TogetherAtHome O Paul cantasse Help! KKKKK Todo mundo: vamos ter calma, sem desespero gente Paul: hELP I NEED SOMEBODY H E L P
How to make the perfect GAMER JUICE! Take a sip, join an Org **MUST 
Snuggling with Momma on the couch Hope you are all having a good night #CatsOfTheQuarantine 
Shout out to my bro for like Darrel I mean @NateGotKeys
When Murdoch passes away, write economic and societal terrorist on his tomb stone. Remembered as pure garbage.
the rest of 127 when they heard markyong singing at the ass crack of dawn 
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to Tweet and to remove all doubt. . Some lines have been crossed, individuals hurt, and it saddens me.
This is pure insanity. I hope 100 citizens with gas powered leaf blowers show up tomorrow and undo the illogical nonsense these authoritarian morons just  …
Houston, Tx (Song by: Lil’ Troy - Wanna Be A 
Armo guys after they propose to a 
Pls tell me your mom also randomly blows on your face after reading Quran
The joy of  …
They are probably going to be punished no matter what. Cops were called so they will be contacting the owner or manager of the branch. Someone will be lose their job.
Won't need the Sanders voters this time. Enough independent tRump voters are changing their votes to Biden this time. I don't believe it was Bernie voters who swung it last time, it was independents who swung away from the democratic party.
In honor of The Last Dance, let's take a look at some of Michael Jordan's wildest stories. First up, one of the hottest tickets in Hollywood...the Jordan 
Hard part's over. 
ADOS General Meeting - Join us now for important Covid-19 
If anyone on the planet knows about holding signs ironically, it's pizzagate 
The last Southwest contenders were knocked out by @NYUQuidditch and @UMDQuidditch. The two will make their first ever finals appearances tomorrow at 8 pm ET. 
My mom saying Taylor should play Long Live... honestly the bitch has taste
Just listen to this 
#Buprenorphine reduces #overdose risk whether ppl access it through a healthcare route or have to acquire it on the street. And guess where ppl wouldn’t have to turn if it were widely available & easily accessible through the healthcare route? Further proof #HarmReduction  …
You wanna talk about a death metal record? Not to mention the hardest album 
Wholesome! John Krasinski teams up with former office costar and water boards him!
Choosing 1 lucky person to play formula on their account with @ErmiWermi in Asia Must Have an interior finisher or dm me offers for other servers must like and 
Genuine connections are so refreshing.
As both a Spider-Man and Superman fan, this panel is freaking 
♡ USA GO ♡ PLS RT!! ♡ Flower Jin Cereal Cup by @Dear_Jin_1204 ♡ ♡ Price: $10 ♡ Closes: 4/28 ♡ Form:  
I don't have the money to now, but as soon as I do I'm looking to grow my collection of children's books about self acceptance (especially of marginalized identities). Suggestions?
I cannot wait to have a large standalone tub in our master bath one day. Taking a bath in your kid's tub that's not even big enough to let you stretch your legs with toys and shit floating around you ain't it
I’m thankful for all of those who said no to me.. because of them I’m doing it all by myself.
#SadTime Would you like me to open Patreon? Of corse, it would be #Supercorp #SupercorpIsEndgame #SuperGreen #Supergirl #GreenLantern #KaraDanvers 
Air Twellman Sensational from @TaylorTwellman to give us the lead 
She is a campaign functionary. Can't blame her for the outrage that the inbox isn't connected directly to the outbox. Her world is Trump. Her show is Trump. Her allegiance is Trump. Trump trumps it all, poor thing. At some point, an independent mind might return 
Here's how this small business owner uses Instagram to keep her  thriving:  
My TBR for @asianreadathon! I may add some of the books later because the rest of my TBR is on ebook version. I'm so excited!! 
 undermine original Facebook promise  By 
SuperM is the reason I got into kpop so i love them so so so much
Really? That’s  …
My recreation of @rihanna’s @BritishVogue cover 
Dear 
Time to go smoke I guess
Mob justice would dust Batman, idk how that man is your goat
i want youths to understand that your 20s are literally just your teen years without parents breathing down your neck and also no one’s bullying u lol. life begins at 20
This is....  …
Liberal MPs are emailing each other pirated copies of Malcolm Turnbull’s book the way we used to share bootlegged Russell Peters videos in high school. It’s be funny if people weren’t losing their jobs, skipping meals and being evicted.
43% of today’s citizens take their direct guidance as to how to stay alive during a generational Pandemic from a 5x bankrupt failed casino owner/ reality TV host with a spray tan and history  fraud on Americans.
You know what Artic Monkeys yeah I do fuckin wanna know
My dad called them the spice 
“we hope this could give a little strength and cheer you guys” 
Heard Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello were performing... now im even more excited!! #TogetherAtHome #GlobalCitizens
Holy fucking shit. I want to bang the Charli so goddamn bad. I can't stand it anymore. Every time I go to Spotify and see the Charli cover I get a massive erection. I've seen literally every pic there is of her online. My dreams are nothing but constant fucking sex with Charli. 
Damn  stuff sounds pretty  …
just mowed the lawn! what do we think? 
God when he tried to add a pinch of talent and visuals while making 
Holy GOD, Holy Mighty One, Holy Immortal One, Have mercy on us and on the whole world! JESUS, I Trust in You! #DivineMercySunday #Trust #Always #DivineMercy #JESUSITrustInYou #Easter #Blessings 
Step by step. I have to say thank you to so many. 
I miss this son of a bitch so much 
wait, "couches" plural?
These lockdown demonstrations are “astroturfed.”.... created to give the impression there is broad support where there is little or  …
no rain, no flowers 
This also isn’t for targeting Jack (ik him and we’re friends) But this is something i have seen a lot, not only today. Just as the days pass Some people really need a better mentality vs mid/low tiers so you can at least know how to beat them. Doesnt have to be fun
Friends I care about, a family of three, are all dealing with COVID-19. Their 4 year old is getting in home breathing treatments for viral pneumonia. Anyone, literally anyone, thinking of joining the protests: your choices have real, devastating consequences. Stay home.
In the world of the tv show Outer Banks on Netflix, Chapel Hill is just a short ferry ride away from the coast & Franklin Street has palm 
My little daughter is 5 months old i played her one of Camila Cabello's songs called bad kind of butterflies she started talking it was magical #TogetherAtHome #GlobalCitizen
I don't want to spoil the ending for you but everything is going to turn out fine.
BREAKING NEWS: @timsout will be holding a special News Conference to confront the evil hideous #Racism of the #Chinese #Communist Government .. I think it will be broadcast exclusively on all @ABCaustralia Media Platforms ..ThankYou @timsout &  …
Part of why MI @GovWhitmer has  a target for @POTUS and @GOP in the crisis is that they see her as a potential @JoeBiden #2. On the #AxeFiles this week, I spoke with her about her life, career & the VP talk. Pod here   …
Dr. Birx is not only pandering to Trump, but to @GovRonDeSantis, too. The beaches in Florida should be closed. FACT: Keeping them open costs lives. #COVID19 #Coronavirus
Junior designers, developers, marketers, whatever... charge at least $50 an hour for your time. Straight up, no exceptions, even if it feels like too much to you. Time is THE MOST VALUABLE THING, and you're helping business owners gain more time with your services.
129th/5,000+ at Quarantine Series, outplacing my seed. Prolly did the longest loser run I ever did which means i'm improving my stamina so iss coolost to Winks in 
175.000 Subscribers on 
Niggas can’t have shit can’t have dessert, can’t have appetizers , can’t have beard care, prob can’t even take a bath  …
“Our relationship with China was good until they did this,” Trump said 
Only reason people around me came to expect that much effort for me-was because I set that tone. Which leads to #2 2) stopped doing the most when it’s not requested of me. Had to tone it down. People will ask for your help if they really need it. Put the superhero cape down.
grown men out here hating.... Go back to listening to your NBA youngboy shít bc They ain't in Nickis league boo #ripnicki #WeLoveYouNicki  …
This is hands down the best bill I have ever received in the 
I JUST WANNA GO TO FUCKING SIX FLAGS MAN.
A dark knight accepts that he cannot save everyone─that sometimes, he is fortunate just to save himself.
Did the pirated copy of Turnbull’s  from the Prime Minister’s Office? Her reply invoked all the authoritarian clarity of this Govt. “RECEIVED & DELETED.” -Marise Payne, 19.04.2020 Oh, Marisse, if that the error of 18 May 2019 were as equally easy to 
They need to fill this out and put it in their stupid red hats (made in China) so no one accidentally saves their 
i think its funny that people dont know how minx and her stans work. if minx had a problem with schlinx shipping (expecially when its a joke) she would call her fans out, and schlatt no doubt. minx even got discord/twitch mods who wouldnt hesitate to call people out for her
I think they’re really nice.
recycled patchwork denim tote by me. paisley bandana lining. 
Just updated my Spotify artist playlist! Tunes from myself @FransisDerelle @WeAreAMF @BlvkSheepMusic @RuvloMusic @CRaymakmusic @gldworldwide @hayveMusic @PixelTerrorBass @killfeedmusic @MineSweepa and a bunch  …
No, Trump 
Bolsonaro’s imbecilic supporters create a traffic jam in protest against the #Covid19 lockdown, right next to São Paulo’s Clínicas  which is tending to victims of the 
Gain ATINY Mutuals ― rt and follow everyone who rts ― rt if you stan: ― Hongjoong ― Seonghwa ― Yunho ― Yeosang ― San ― Mingi ― Wooyoung ― Jongho Turn on notifications @ATEEZofficial 
Wow that's crazy. Boruto already covering his sensei ass & we ain't even got to Boruto Shippuden yet. This nigga like 5 yrs old saving the day 
uwu, thank you 
Double take. My scratching posts have multipled HeHe 
girls who say hiiii: miyeon minnie soojin girls who say bruh: soyeon yuqi shuhua
I admit to not having kept up on how many strains are currently in circulation. I know that in US original strain in Washington state was "L" Wuhan type and the strain in New York City was the "S" European strain, which was more virulent. Every person causes it  …
I try not to laugh every time I do this 
After more than a month I am back with a new preset MR18042020, I hope you like it. #wall @Pinterest icons by @SRYNMBLSS and templates by @Seerag AG. This is the link to the Apk  … #OneWorldTogetherAtHome 
“i miss shittin on niggas” 
Some people’s accounts get restricted and they open new ones you know right?
When the family is home...... miss them but love seeing them 
Awww, 
just had the pleasure of introducing my husband to all those buzzfeed tasty cooking videos where they make a Giant Breakfast Roll (?) out of 24 eggs and a pound of ham and spinach that they find a way to bake 3 times
A title wouldn’t be enough to show her talent, ambition, and genuine heart! A true queen here!  …
42nd in the world in tests per capita. Shit, New Caledonia is ahead of the  …
Green ribbons of hope threaded between the golden dunes of 
Wait, why do you all think something is wrong? Lol, it’s fine to need  …
Trump’s “the Army was out of bullets when I took over” story is his most demented by  …
Look at momo’s pout, yes im in pure 
 for 
He was crying because he realizes Trump is nuts...
lil clutch from 4th game.. solo from half & half.. @prodigyy74 w 
i don’t care if this is animal crossing twitter, i follow who i wanna follow and i don’t wanna follow: racists, sexists, homophobes, transphobes, pedophiles, ableists, christians, tories, trump supporters, zoophiles, furries, bullies, kpop stans doxxers, & people under 4’10
I lost my rock today! The man that made me the tough-ass woman that I am! You will forever be in my heart dad! 
A must read!! Thanks @KeithMcCullough for the 
Quarantine photo shoot 
Clone Wars 2003, Best Star Wars Ever right here...just 
College coaches, check out this top ‘21 QB prospect! @QBHitList 2021 QB @QBfor2021 South Hills Hs(CA) Profile/film:  
See you kids tmr swept every team 
Sova is 
Ecuador's official currency is the US dollar (it does not have its own national currency), and its right-wing puppet leader Moreno (who is barely ever seen in public) even rolled over for the US military to build a new military base in Ecuadorean  …
good morning! missing hawaii already don't skip meals and always be 
First video with my newest toy! nice2me it was only my second day with it hehe :~) The flow must go on 
Yo how do some of you mfers not play max zoom in WoW God help your satanic souls
fansign except taeyong just hits u with his covid 19 bat
pov: a day with 
taylor play safe and sound challenge
420 Strawberries 
Rest In Peace to another young beautiful soul. You will be 
mark said stay safe so if u don’t stay safe ur going against marks words which you Should Not 
Thorny but the T is silent
Y’all joke about marrying men twice your age and killing them for their fortune but as soon as Carol Baskin does it you’ve got a problem? Smh
Reporter: "Mr. President, why do you keep calling yesterday's events a 'Japanese' attack?"
Thank you for all you’re doing!!
Tom Holland - Homem 
Today is an awful day... u___u
I’ve been breaking bad news over the phone for almost 30 years, and these are the most heartbreaking phone calls I’ve had to make. Just utter helpless feelings on both ends of the call.
We will sing our hallelujah one day soon 
some of you asked about this so I made one. unfortunately coyotes are extremely clumsy so I will accidentally just drop it here.  
Tonight’s #Svengoolie movie is #DraculasDaughter, join us now on 
I have always wanted to do this! It feels so 
The significance of Ali-Frazier 1 continues to be properly respected but overtime it became somewhat lost as to how great a fight it was.
Taj Mahal, Red Fort and Qutub Minar owners who screamed "Kagaz Nahin Dikhayenge" are lining up in Muzaffarnagar, carrying BPL cards to claim Rs 500 from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's relief 
me in 5 minutes vs. me no time limit inspired by the #5minuteartist meme 
remember when i did acid on New Years 
Also today’s fit pics thank you 
This video isn't for everyone... I've been telling ppl for a long time, but they think I'm crazy Si me Matan... ya saben kien fue...
Daycare center, life center, nursing home! Those facilities are the best, aren’t they ? Because those beautiful & colorful masks can help residents and patients cheerful and happy! Some senior people might start saying they want to sewing masks. That’s good projects!
i have descended into total anarchy
Torghast is good More tomorrow Thanks for watching guys, my longest stream since Classic release <3
I genuinely feel 
Now you know damn well I’m not singing with you Jennifer but I’ll listen
I think about the puffpuff from that SAT woman at night
i’m NEVER taking advantage of maccies ever again. once it opens i’m having maccies breakfast, lunch at mcdonald’s and dinner with mr ronald mcdonald. BET.
The fact ya keep calling that shit a circle is infuriating me. It’s a octagon
We created the moment, you made it magic. What unforgettable memories do you have sitting on your camera roll? Reply with them below + we'll experience the best of BottleRock, together. 
mazbout el condoms sar badon tesjil b nef3a?
#reylo #CelebrateBenSolo #fanfic “Then I won’t have to explain to anyone why you’re  home tonight and we can take our time with breakfast tomorrow morning.” // fluff fic!  
you saw it first 
Going live in one hour (8pm CST) to play your requests from “ATB Plays Sgt  …
Ben Solo Skywalker. Prince of Alderaan. Knight of Ren. The Last Skywalker. 
What an incredible way it has been to connect with my customers through these zoom classes for kids. New dates added .  … Slow motion is so therapeutic and don’t let that look at the end of the video burn a hole in your phone . 
god  down here, get on both knees and ask me to fuck wit a virgo again.
O' Master, The world is your sanctuary, and the lands are your home. I am your visitor wherever I turn, and I am your guest wherever I am. You are  father, whose occulation has orphaned us all. Your arrival is what we yearn for. آه يا صاحب الزمان
you may think your kpop boy is embarrassing, but did your kpop boy hold bread up on a livestream in front of thousands of 
Talented asf with a good head on my shoulders I don’t brag on me enough.
STREAM MY OH MY 
Wanna start your own lipgloss keychain business but you don’t know where to start ? It’s cool ! Because now I’m offering Wholesale lipgloss keychains ! Let me be your vendor ! Let’s stack this money all 2020. #Retweet #lipgloss #lipglosskeychains 
No money spent today is a good day
give him 
starving feels like self-care
Congratulations 1.2 M followers now!! You are the BEST @ohmpawatt #Ohmpawat 
When Kyungsoo harmonizes with Jongdae in his low register in call me baby's bridge>>>>>
Please check out #iso-con all weekend & help raise money for our first responders. We are so grateful.  
Taylor Swift cancels all  appearances and performances for 2020 due to coronavirus 
And just like that I have lost all the respect I had for Lachlan as a content creator but with his change to  a pro player not like I had much respect left for 
See the thing I am disgusted in is when clearly influential accounts post and allow their younger audience to see stuff they shouldn’t. Please keep in mind the audience you influence over.  and actions can greatly sway a younger kid into saying/doing things 1/?
Made homemade cinnamon rolls! I’ve been thinking about trying these for years, but I didn’t think I could do it! I FaceTimed my mom and we made them together. success for both of 
I’m listening to Jennifer Hudson singing hallelujah tonight and thinking of all these  …
Same
can’t believe harry styles has been in my life since i was 11
I like drinking beers and chatting to my friends xxx @djamilayasmin @MaximSfg @samuelorobinson @Debalaar @finnbogiorn 
Ughhh i know i said that when sakusa has a bad day atsumu sings for him even if he sings soooo so bad. So what if sakusa picks up the habit and he sings for atsumu when atsumu feels bad but sakusa likes classic songs and he sings can't help falling in love with you djdjdn
 …
Im done worrying about my future maybe I’ll be married, maybe I’ll have kids. Who knows I’m just living in the moment from now on
He’s claiming to have “knowledge on something it’s impossible for him" to know, said Dr. Vin Gupta, a pulmonologist. “You need to test the country broadly to really know if the [COVID-19] cases are down.” Trump knows not of what he speaks. Me being  …
Raise you’re hand if you love colleen 
A Saturday reminder after today’s Speed walk and yard work as my wife’s Asst. Take time to smell the and at the Chateau they are always pink! The only thing Blue & Brown at my house? My eyes and my feelings! 
Who’s the best rapper from your city/state??
Yep ! Also lunacy move not to even view the FSU offer and see what you.   …
" If you need me, i'd always be here "
i miss my friends but i miss my eyebrow lady more
either FBI agents get indicted or we march on Washington DC straight to the FBI office. J. Edgar Hoover was not a hero. he was a very disturbed pyschopath who has left a permanent legacy of a police state to attack us. its time for change. its time to shut down the FBI.
Your childhood friend should be able to respect your relationship enough to Let you be happy with whoever. If not is that really your  …
Love you little 
Some ppl don’t deserve  …
Not identified it yet, possibly a harlequin ladybird but It matters not to me even if so, I see a life in danger and I instinctively want to save it because it is a life & I value all living things no matter how tiny, I care not a single jot if folks find that 
one song makes u remember a lot
We have Senators and Reps jumping ship often. What is a better idea is to stay a Democrat and support Trump with your voting!
NONE of thes people should be allowed a ventilator until everyone else who needs one, has  …
Buster wolf/double edge dance/vine whip
The hardest thing I could ever do is to forget about you. It’s #ForeverWithTacha #ForeverWithTacha I love u Today I love you Tomorrow I love you forever #ForeverWithTacha #ForeverWithTacha
her spatial awareness and body control are a million times better than 
"Morrison was slow to act and he had to be jogged along by the state premiers." The most salient point in the piece. Goodness knows where we'd be now be if the premiers hadn't been  …
koreaboo do you know that some even them get hate because of your articles sometimes  …
my mom doesn’t like that I’m going to name my first born son Newport
When Bay State Medical Center found some masks out of state, it had them hidden in 2 food-service trucks and planned to have them take different routes to keep them away from the feds. And then the feds walked into the warehouse  …
ok so this downtempo/dreamy set @SuperFutureDJ sent me gotta be one of the best things i have EVER heard, the mixing is as smooth as butter hmm, y'all got plans for a Night Flight tomorrow afer Supertask? @Electric_Hawk
I did this when I was 22 and wouldn’t   …
: Are you saying I'm unfair? : No, hyung, I'm saying you have your favorites. : I didn't know you felt that way. : It's okay. Because, growing up naman, si ang may favorite sakin. #hwiyoung #youngbin #chani #sf9 #sf9incorrect @SF9official
Don’t believe what everyone tells you!!— Now bc of the pandemic the people in charge have gotten sloppy and are accidentally letting the truth out! Question 
Crested Shriketit a definite highlight bird from my time in Western Australia late last year. Monotypic endemic family, this is the Western subspecies leucogaster. @BirdingEcotours #birding #birdwatching #BirdTwitter #shrike #tit #bird 
doctor who drawing i did a while ago and forgot to 
that wink 
Mumma says Harry was a beautiful boy and had lots of wonderful friends here. I was hoping you might want to be my friend too? @Darcie212 @TuckerDude1 @CanadianPenny1 @willamhariett @WonderWilbur @BrunoSchnauz @CaseyChasem @FlynnTheRescue @SuzyTheLab @pacer_t @KareeRogue
It's 
"I watched TV and facetimed my family for the fifth day in a 
stop n look at this cute video of tete being a tiny liddol babie )): 
Mortein and Baygon be like air freshener to mosquitoes these days
Wow Santa @bigredwavenow Melania must be reading your tweets. #N95Masks  …  
Decided to take a small break from building after doing the rear flight deck and moved on to some painting. This is a pretty basic technique of doing a shade coat and then covering it with a lighter color. In the…  …
Mollys Game - pure unadulterated fiction. Not the least bit accurate in any way. I didn't necessarily play in any of Mollys games but I have played with and know nearly all the characters in the film. Read Houstons book if you want to get a more accurate  …
@.tommysittichok 
Hi I’m Angus. I’m 10. I was at a shelter because my old family didn’t want me anymore. Harry’s mumma and sister came and rescued me so they’re my family 
Fetal harm, effects on children, tumors, effects on fertility, cognitive and neurological harm, 5G effects, etc. Read the independent science on  …
You want playmakers? You want run after the catch ability? Look no further than Laviska Shenault, who did it ALL for Colorado His last 2  • 142 catches, 1875 yards, 10 TDs • 40 rushes, 276 yards, 7 TDs Imagine him with AR12 
Made a little design for all your turnip needs! #AnimalCrossing #ACNH #ACNHDesign 
Everyone screaming Frodo's name at the end of the Return of the King while Sam does all the work is how I turn to the dark.
I did this today. I didn’t want to. But I made myself. I’m glad I did. #socialdistancingcrafts 
Chicago 
wink 
Some may say: "They might not die." But, They might get severe lung damage and surely will be a high probability to kill Gramma & Grampa.
 …
how do you prefer me beard or no 
see you bottom right island heat 4.
Thank you for your work!!!
if this doesn't work 
LEGEND STREAM- 5PM AEST / 3AM 
A lil gut don’t bother me
You don’t answer to anyone but yourself Leona and those who throw stones better make sure they don’t love in glass houses .... I’m guessing they do though. You are loved and treasured by us all.
Kayleigh can you do the math? There are 330,000,000 living breathing human beings in the United States. 4 million is not even a drop in the bucket. 4 million tests were promised over a month ago. Stop the propaganda, get some self respect, you lie& people will die!
Thanks for reading. This is why I went into the field of counseling, it's more than a profession, it's personal.
i wish there was a way to start a new island without losing all of your recipes and stuff. like if you tell Tom nook you’re finished developing your current island and you’d like to help start a new one
TUNE in NOW! Taylor will perform on @WHO and @GlblCtzn’s #TogetherAtHome to help raise money towards fighting against #COVID19! Watch on YouTube live here:  
Anyone who didn't vote for @jeremycorbyn because he wasn't a good enough leader... for all his flaws he would not go on holiday while the NHS panicked and people died. Worst leader our country has ever had. #BorisJohnson and #Brexit is killing  …
I’ve been telling people since my season ended in November that it hasn’t really hit me I’m done  soccer. I always said it’ll hit me one random day. That day was yesterday. 
I mentioned the movie "David" it was a movie about a little 6 year old boy being burned alived by his father over a bitter divorce. This movie scared me so bad that's the main reason my mother slept in the room with us. I don't know how the stars aligned that night but it did.
Dr Phil isn't even a real  …
The fact my mother held me firmly while I was hysterical, while my father is yelling, cursing and had a pot of acid in his hands while walking backwards, while down a flight of step backwards all while she kept saying "Dane he's not going to toss it on you" my mom is the MVP.
sex & looks aint enough for me idc i need soul & personality like give me yo mental & let’s improve each other overall type shit. yeah i want that
I think Coach Smiths @DLpride1 Rainbow Trout wins the #RamClash over my Brown Trout dropping me to 0-2 vs the staff. Again @coachjoeylynch was not in attendance 
That's when we found the ingredients to my dad homemade acid, bleach, pepper, oil, ammonia. My father so dumb he could've killed himself. The cops was stunned act his audacity. They had a "cop" outside for 24 hours. My father was an evil man who did wicked things on purpose.
America runs on child care. @ewarren @RepPressley @RepKClark @TinaSmithMN @MassEarlyEdCare 5 words 5  …
Jahad really had the rawest entrance outta any villain in my eyes. First time I read this chapter, I legit got goosebumps!! Like you can just FEEL the menacing aura he was radiating as soon as he pulled 
Patrons sit shoulder to shoulder to use public Internet with others sitting around them waiting for their turn   …
Everytime I see someone reach 1,000+ OnlyFans subscribers my pussy gets wet because I know that will be me soon enough
Crazy when you look back on how some people were proactively protecting themselves, despite the White House’s passive guidance on use of PPE. This video was from early  …
Or better yet head over 
Soon as all this is  …
#StayHome and celebrate frontline health workers fight #COVID19 with @WHO + @GlblCtzn's 'One World: #TogetherAtHome' concert tonight on ABC at 7pm!  
Pulling a little trick out of the . @Primetime_jet #OUDNA  
#TalkingPictures lol Bowers in his element with the glorious David Pope and his nude Trump tattooed with “me the people” #Insiders
WHY HAVE I NEVER SEEN THIS?? 
Trump is allowing our cities to die. He does nothing to bail out cities that have to lay off police, fire, transit, sanitation workers. He does not care.
Wow, what a huge difference gold pants made for Pittsburgh's uniforms. This look is just.... 
This homemade acid was created with oil, bleach, ammonia and pepper. This is what he was going to toss on my mother. My mother rarely slept in our room and thank god this night she slept in our room. If she slept in her room she would've been disfigured and murdered by father.
Late night listening to the sounds of @depthcruiser Brilliant music, cool vibes. #LGTWO  …
I didnt realize that many Floridians would be mad about that video I did today but when I talk about Florida any other day, they entertain it...and in case yall are wondering what video I'm talking about, it's the easter cookout video
The smoked flooded the room we were in. He kept saying you're never going to leave, if I can't have you no one will. Mom trying to stay calm telling him his kids are watching but he didnt care. She realized he's going to kill her, she acted. We weren't dressed, mom pants & shirt
Unfriending so many people who are posting crap like "Terrified of COVID? Stay inside... but don't force your neighbors to live in the fear you chose" and I'm just like....no. I can't see this.
Mercury in #Gemini Least Favorite Person To Communicate With: Pisces
“Dear Men, 'Stop Objectifying Women' 
I watched a 1 legged Tua throw all over the SEC & also way to deflect from the fact you were wrong  …
Around 5am my mom tapped me to see if we left the stove on because she smelled and saw smoke, she woke up my brothers and ask of we left the stove on, they said no, when she opened the door to the kitchen there goes my father creating homemade acid to toss on my mother.
We could save more lives by shutting down abortion clinics than hiding inside from a 
does anybody know how ms karen is doing??? asking for me
Sponsored by WHO and globalists
This is probably the best picrew I’ve ever tried! Perfect for both fantasy characters and cool humans 
Just because we're stuck at home does not mean we can't bring back our conversations show for YouTube! If you're interested in doing a one on one interview with @pro_brittany over Skype, please message us. Let's talk about wrestling, interests, hobbies and 
Bro....let it go. You enjoyed your final two wins, which cost you Burrow. Don’t covet Burrow  …
Deep in Shaggy Gully wombat scientists and strategists were hard at work. Where did the mysterious delicacy  from? And how might they be removed from human 
Was the plan to #FlattenTheCurve or #FlattenTheWorld? bc things will get pretty deflated if we don’t start opening #America #coronavirususa
To anyone struggling with their faith...know that God loves you enough to leave the NINETY-NINE to find the one. Listen | Download | Share :  
Redden the retweet button if you want me to fill this for you. first impression : your nickname in my head : closeness rating [1-10] : do i like you : you are my : ever had a crush on you : should you post this too : Let's go hehe
It's not catfight related, but Lyric and I finished our patio project and we couldn't be happier. She did say though that it'll be nice to soak in the hot tub after her next 
Keep up the good work!
Whereas, addressing the climate emegency is urgent & the sooner we act on this the better our future  will be. Climate impact of buildings is like the infection curve; the longer we wait to address it the more expensive and difficult it is to “flatten the curve.”
me when my chemical romance made their return on October 31st  …
OMG YUS!!! I got Shiny Ekans after 119 Eggs in Pokémon Crystal Version! Of course I'm still going to continue phasing for Shiny Ekans in FireRed, this was just a side hunt because I really wanted to try out 2nd Gen's 1/64 Shiny breeding method. 
He’s done more in the last five weeks than you’ve done in 40  …
Are shawn and Camilla dating?
An American did that. An American.
You like throwbacks, and you sure as heck like throwforwards too. Here's some Smoke action. 
Thanks for all our new Followers, we will follow everyone back once we get out of Timeout #WWG1WGAWORLDWIDE #PatriotsUnited #Digitalsoldiers 
#TRUMP OPENS INVESTIGATIONS: White House Looks into #OBAMA Grant to #Wuhan and the @WHO China Corruption! @realDonaldTrump @BarackObama Watch the Speech  …
Your art inspires and just makes me happy. Thank you to @JimJeroo @sirmitchell @markenglert - The Force will be with 
religious fanatics and blind faith followers are two of my least favorite subgroups of people
I want to go swimming
Shelter in Place: Day 34. Salud #NFLDraftSaveUs #BeerThirty 
It’s a cl*t  …
Gradient is irrelevant. We'll all have a similar number of deaths from the coronavirus in the end, because in all countries it will kill the same population - the old and chronically ill. The only difference will be the economic and psychological damage suffered in the process.
We're gonna make cellular phones, right here in the stone world! 
Rip Frankie, you will forever be missed and always in our hearts, If anyone has any good pictures// videos of Frankie, please upload them here for his family and friends to see. Please share so his family can see as much as they  …
xie lian curling up so he takes up as less room as possible because that way he might not get kicked out of wherever he was sleeping on the streets and he’s been doing it for 800 years so this doesn’t go away ever years after being married to 
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this
*deals 2 damage* i’m I N S A N E 
Senior Spotlight- Vanessa Aguilar- Girl's 
Good point. I'm Mexican-born + LEGAL immigrant, and Lefties can't stand that I have CONSERVATIVE views, such as: I want to work, not receive entitlements; I want to vote for whomever I want, not whom Dems dictate. Lefties can't stand that I can think for myself.  …
Now 
i love lolly’s little swirly eyes #AnimalCrossingNewHorizon #animalcrossing #embroidery 
god damn! thank you @semiinteresting hit him up if you want to sell those turnips and make some last minute bells! #acnh 
Close the beaches now, scream mini tyrants  …
omg jun has defs been in love before, he almost cried performing first love?????? this aint acting I CANT BELIEVE ITS ALL ACTING
How to know if someone is 'the one' for you? How to know that it'll workout before jumping in it and risking it all? How to know that the person you're giving your heart to is even worthy of it? Idk man scares the shit out of me
Model Y or Model X is the question!!!! 
I slept very much good morning guys hows it going?
National Geographic has gotten 
#도영 #道英 #ドヨン #DOYOUNG 2020.04.17-2020.04.18「37.5MHz Haechan Radio | Ep.2 'HAE'shtag」 Sanitizer Gel & Hand Cream | Nature Republic Bottle | NCT 127 @NCTsmtown_127 Knitwear | vivastudio Water | Nongshim #KimDoYoung #金道英 #김도영 #김동영 #NCT127 
Day #whatever: I asked my boyfriend if he would break up with me if I bit off his finger like a carrot and he said 
Truly incredible scale of theft laid out in this podcast. The amount of dark money to leave Russia for the West - to influence our politics/media/business - must be equivalent to every bribery ring in  …
Wow so many of you are trash for thinking standing up for victims of abuse is just “seeking attention”. You guys are what’s wrong with society.
me eating whatever the hell it is taemin just made just to make him 
Hines never hit anyone like that who was actually looking at him. He was always looking for a clean but cheap shot.  …
For everyone who doesn’t know I have joined @WontFold2K and couldn’t be happier to have the opportunity to grind with these 
i don’t want to be judged or stopped when we’re finally allowed to touch  …
So calling it the Chinese Virus = bad, racist, but putting out a long ad saying China is responsible for this and should have been held accountable = good?
100% real. He’s told me how much he hates Steven Crowder too. Haha.
J. Cole is not capable of dropping a bad album
#StarTrek fam: tonight, let’s lift up one of our  …
As hard as it was to finally get my doctors appointment...I was diagnosed with stage 91 dynamic tight dripping wet fat pussy. No known cure. Few survive. 
This is a vital organization for LGBTQ writing, supporting writers in a variety of ways. It would be a huge loss. Join me in donating if you  …
idk about yall but asap? he really be that pretty motherfucker man 
I asked a question about pooping implying that I might be having trouble since quitting smoking or maybe I’m 42 years old and subsist entirely on spaghetti-O’s, and apple juice, who’s to say really but the fb people have me tied to a poop stool with a tube of Metamucil up my ass
super m never, and I mean NEVER, fails to put everyone in a good mood
I’m so glad someone made this visual because the past few days I’ve been thinking ... “it’s literally a pyramid just looking at it from an aerial view”
So sad @RollingLoud isn’t happening this year! I was looking forward to seeing my homies again, best Rolling Loud gc out there since y’all won’t see us this year. Here you go 
taylor told me she’s performing the monologue song x
Little do they know @CoachSimmonsOU was slamming QBs before coaching top tier WRs @CriddleBenjamin @BYUfootball @BrandonDrumm247 @OU_Football #ThisIsY 
I’m due for something genuine
Bitches do too much for attention & still get looked over
Eat her pussy, text back on time, and don't lie .
Best. Night. Ever.⁠⠀ ⁠⠀ Did you miss the action? Tune in tomorrow night for the official #SGNProm Experience on #SGN. 
This is why you don’t leave the last box. First Vlad auto @SHOWYOURHITS 
Lady Gaga's #TogetherAtHome main show starts NOW on ABC, CBS, and 
we should talk more about this  …
Here are some @FoxNews sponsors They are tagged to receive notifications for each LIKE/RETWEET/COMMENT @LifeLock @safelite @Disney @UniversalPics @hulu @WeatherTech @MyPillowUSA @sanofi @Nestle @nflnetwork @Tampax @Always @StarKistCharlie @Arbys @Applebees @redlobster @IHOP @ADT
Hey Ya'll! Please get behind #globalpuzzle2020, it's simple to create your own piece of #Love and #Hope, use the template, lizzy  the pieces! While in isolation why not spread creative #Positivity! Pls, Like, share or join in!! I have! Be part of the bigger  …
what’s better for you than 
Well 
I wish more people on Twitter asked a person to clarify their position before throwing stones. The speed at which people devolve to ad hominem and strawman arguments is astounding.
everybody was like “ok i’m done superming ” and suddenly the whole tl went like “superm r performing again?” and BOOM everybody back on da live
It's a vibe until those plants start to look like strange figures late at night
Date night in 
Let’s all do our part to help small businesses in need. Click below to buy a digital gift card from over 60,000 small businesses across America, through @Square’s Give & Get Local program. #PayItForwardLIVE
Of Mice and Men  …
You eating your Pelau with or without Ketchup?
Asking for ID to check their  …
Hold my beer while I slide down this escalator. ( via @Dumbsheat 
Here's an article detailing what the USPS is dealing with - the US govt  ignoring them, and if they don't receive assistance soon, the postal service could be nonexistent by July  … ALL of USPS's $is from private sales - so go buy some stamps!!
How these knee grows think it 
Y’all, pray for me. I really let this man give me butterflies fuuckkk.
CATEGORY IS: black tv shows that white people can’t laugh at because they don’t understand the struggles these black characters go through, unlike shows like black-ish and #blackAF — which basically mock our own people and writes “helpless” on our 
#IfTonyStarkWereInCharge  up w/ a cure with Coronavirus quickly but then would start overthinking it & try to prevent a stronger COVID From appearing down the line & doing more work on the virus but somehow accidentally giving it sentience to where its worse than 
DING DING DING!!! IT IS ON!
“You won’t ever find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy” is an INCREDIBLE line
Coffee breaks. #mixedmedia #coffee #studio #freestyle #coffeecup #collection #psychedelic #destruction #visualfunk #foodone 
Me: I will eat anything for snacks Also me: what the hell 
I wanna get drunk with the homies
Thank you @caseymcdermott, @MorrisReports, @ella_nilsen, @kronayne, @mainemegan, and @jblackmanChron. You all continue to do great work of your own! Thanks to all who have donated to @ConMonitorNews   …
Guys I can hear Taylor sound checking Style
Raw egg nationalists when some questions 
They paid someone to do this. And they will pay someone to fix it. With taxpayer  …
cw// does this count as sensory deprivation, wax play (might be bad because i've never went deep into wax play) "you're sure, right? i don't want to hurt you." jeøngn smiles from under felx, placing his hands on his face, tracing his freckles with his fingers.
As an ohioan and very much NOT a Republican, I've been so happily surprised with Gov DeWine.
I love spending time with my wife and dog on Saturdays but man I’d run miles and miles just to get back to a track and coach right now. #TrackNation #trackandfield #FieldCoach #MissTheAthletes #MissTheCoaches
THIS SVDDEN DEATH SET OMG BRINGS BACK SO MANY LL MEMORIES
he gives me like women hating criminal minds serial killer mixed with spencer reid
#InAnotherLifeIWouldHave seen more 
Happy birthday, Ayaka Takahashi. I hope to still be able to see your extraordinary appearance in the future. I believe that you and Misaki Matsutomo are still very strong and have more achievements. Stay confident. I keep supporting you. @ayataka419 #TakaMatsu 
1-5 white people 6-10 black people Now im not gonna say anything else but.......
I said 
The mind and tongue is such a powerful thing, don’t you for one second think it isn’t. When you claim VICTORY over your goals, speak LIFE over yourself and your decisions, that will be your 
Read of the day ⁦ @CGasparino⁩ Stimulus intended to help coronavirus-ravaged small businesses instead rewarding hedge funds, brokerages | Fox  …
Some of us already knew we were surrounded by chaos and  at Westminster
I have not cut my hair but if I do I will probably soon look like this 
37,000+ have died even with us staying home. Imagine if we didn’t.. the numbers would be in the millions like the POTUS projected. Also, calling the numbers bogus is downright disrespectful to all the people who have died and will die.
good morning and happy anniversary my loves! I love you 
LET ME FUCKING FIND OUT YOU’RE HANGING OUT WITH A GROUP OF FRIENDS DURING QUARANTINE DUDE 
"For You" by @LiamPayne & @RitaOra has entered the US iTunes for the first time in 2020.
YOU MAKE A TEENAGER 
PokéFact: Another obvious one. The giant suitcase-looking bag that Gou carries around is the same bag that Victor has. It’s funny to me since it’s usually Ash who shares similarities with the male protags, but it was nice to see Gou having that attention 
IM IN TEARS WHAT IS THIS 
hey i saw you were looking at those cats at the store, you wouldn't happen to be a taokaka player would you?
his voice this is it i finally reached my 
My gf drew my favs........ Punchy  home its my bday or 
Morally superior to people frightened about the future? No. Morally superior to Trump supporters? Every day of the week.
Me hahet cic
Some great  for 
