Never believe an Aries Sun Moon Rising or Mars when we tell you to: take your time. We want it now STAT pronto ASAP!!!
Who could have predicted that a guy who ran for president as a vengeful, scapegoating xenophobe, promising  war crimes, would act accordingly in  …
Of course i choose my anxiety day to call out phillips. Locked account because its too late for your grannys to light me a candle
here’s a s1 bus kids fancam to cleanse your 
But why put film borders if they’re clearly taken on digital ? I understand film is “in” now, and that’s cool. But this is why everything gets over  …
'Reservoir Dogs' (Quentin Tarantino, 
This game has turned real quick.
this bassnectar mind control shit is absolutely incredible. idc. this is the most entertained i’ve been in a while i love this
Congratulations Bryce Brennan on your 100th career victory! #pa100winclub @RedLand_AD @PENNHSWrestling @PAPowerWrestle 
All I’ve been watching for the last 3 weeks is Star Trek The Next Generation and my goodness does it hold up. Some of these episodes are incredibly written. I skipped most of S1 & S2 and I’m now rewatching Season 5. Now I’m even more excited for Star Trek: Picard this month 
Some one, anyone, needs to 'accidentally' drop his damn phone in the toilet and flush 15 times.
we prob should not have betrayed the Kurds right before we decided to go to war with Iran tbh
ESPN: Home of the Houston Texans
tfw you accidentally admit the entire purpose of college is to control the way young people  …
Both states went for @realDonaldTrump.  …
The worst movie in the 
People voted Tory to get #Brexit and ended up with Trump and a war of aggression against #Iran Is this what taking back control means? 
Update, different exchange. That’s still 
ARBY’S is called ARBY’S because it’s pronounced like RB’s because of ROAST BEEF DID EVERYONE ELSE KNOW THIS??
You don’t have to say you love me. You don’t have to say nothing. You don’t have to say you’re 
my friend and i just saw cats and there was not a single moment we werent crying from laughter
Y’all like to front on the tl when you have no place to speak considering your own relationship life, but it’s cool because I’m still gonna be thriving while you bum ass bitches keep hating. Worry bout your own problems
Wow! @lindareynoldswa you didn't handle that interview with @David_Speers very well.. Looked terrible. #auspol @ABC
AGREED right from the beginning his hate talk tore at my heart
the serotonin boost this 
Twitter please add a edit button. It's 2020.
Knew before I clicked it would be a retreating backflip slo-mo.
JJ Watts might be my new all time favorite NFL player. Plays for all the right reasons. Total team guy in a ME era
Watt and Mercilus with the pressure.
Reasoning: - Noble & Cresswell apparently not travelled - Never want to see Sanchez in a WHU shirt again, give Coventry a chance - Fornals started every game over xmas period. Needs a rest and Lanzini could needs more minutes - Same formation/system worked well vs Bournemouth
The places my mind goes when watching football on 
We aren’t crazy for demanding respect. She said exactly what she was okay with and he pushed it further. I’m not saying she’s traumatized over it lol. Maybe she took it lightly (idk) but definitely not everybody will. It’s not okay and for a lot of women, it’s not fun.
We will never really convince families and neighborhoods that we believe their kids count until we act on the huge amount of research that tells us everything  …
For those who have asked me about the NEJM article about Intermitten Fasting, I  this analysis of @DrSuePedersen World #Obesity expert. Contextualized nutritional plans .... There are no unique  …
This person has severe mental issues, and the doctors who helped do this to their body should be ashamed
New Year but getting back into an old  – at Presidio Driving Range
I’m only gone act right for one person
#NLL GameDay LIVE: Get ready for all the action as the @newyorkriptide host the @nllwings! Watch the game on @brlive at   …
i don't think i'll ever stop getting way too excited when i hear one of @sofiacarson's songs playing in public
Gert just gets it. 
Why does this make sense to do. Somebody white that has done this thought abojt doing it plz explain cuz i just cant think of any reason to touch someones hair.
Taking a break. I’ll be back whenever
President Trump: "Let this serve as a warning that if Iran strikes any Americans, or American assets, we have targeted 52 Iranian sites (representing the 52 American hostages taken by Iran many years ago), some at a very high level & important to Iran & the Iranian culture"
One day we will use everyone’s teddy bear jackets from 2018-2020 to insulate the walls of future homes. It’s called recycling.
Great advice from a great  …
she is a 
Well said Megyn. Just let them attack the American Embassy and we should sit and do nothing about it. If anyone else was President they would be applauded. That is a fact.
College Coaches in the Big South & ASUN do yourself a favor and recruit Quay Primas @QuayPrimas He’s been a walking double-double this season. Last night he finished with 24 points 18 rebounds  …
Ended the game on a 22-5 run to get the first W in OVC play! 
2019: Hey @jack can you ban Trump from Twitter because he’s being super shitty and bullying people 2020: Hey @jack can you ban Trump from Twitter because he’s threatening Iran with the destruction of their holy sites and instigating World War 3 and we’re all gonna die 
Can you name one time someone said: “Bernie, apologize for your working class roots!” Or “Bernie, apologize for being the son of an immigrant!” What a bizarre tweet. You’re refusing to apologize for things nobody is asking you to apologize for. Is this you being a tough guy?
He just signed a 4 year deal with a team looking to rebuild...what did he think he was  …
In an effort to help out, I’ll buy two people something from  . Retweet and reply with your fave thing about @awonderland I’ll pick winners on  …
Take a good look at Bobrovsky & Price since their 30th birthdays. Now consider that Lundqvist is about to turn 38. Hell, I am prepared to argue that the last time Lundqvist was the #1 goalie in the league was when he was 33.5 yo (older than Bob/Price are now) in Fall  …
How many different Disney World Rides can I reference in the broadcast @JimboRudding Big Thunder Mountain Raildroad Splash n Soak Dumbo the Flying Elephant Haunted Mansion Humunga Kowabunga House of the Whispering Willows River Rapids Lightning McQueen Racing Magic Carpet
Finally i got my  switch controller its so pretty I love  
“BB” is BACK!! Sayin Thx to y’all!! Time for #LoveBites #OUCH!! 
oh my god shiv, congratulations on your one milion followers. you deserve it so much, and i'm very proud of your achievement. you are too big to be in india alone, you are my influence. thank u for your support, you are everything. i love u, lil shiv. 
Refund checks are dropping next week ... This is your notice !
including cultural targets. “What better place to make hyper-aggressive war threats than Twitter?” Johnson wrote. “These are the kinds of tweets that Twitter really SHOULD DELETE. He’s using your network to start a war, @jack,” he said, tagging the CEO’s account.
people who are intimidated by jaebeom he really is just a big softie who wants attention love and hugs 
Although it’s gonna suck to be without Brooks and Lane tomorrow.. Wentz will have Ertz and Sanders. Both are a major help for him to have a great game.
Iphone 6 21 : 42 21 :  …
Ann's gone, so Neo gets high on catnip and I string grapes from the ceiling fan, let in the possum and turn the ceiling fan on high and we all have fun watching the possum catch the grapes. Then later we invite in the Nocturnal Nuthatch and he tells us stories about ghost 
Me if i ever take a group pic with  …
Here is a map for 
Update: You know @sergachev31 is always here for the fans. 
I also believe we have a voice so we can use it. That's why I set up National Leasehold Campaign that now has 16k members. So many are trapped in the #Leaseholdscandal Please will you help us by joining the APPG on Leasehold & Commonhold Reform ? @AppgLeasehold 
POTUS threatening war crimes.
i’m just here to promote yoda benji aka 
Serious here... Why is Ilhan Omar still in office? How do we remove her? She's really pushing her right to free speech when speaking out in favor of Iran over USA and her words against her president need to be investigated. Anyone? @POTUS @GOP
Good morning, had the best sleep last night 
Pretty 
He hates our military because @realDonaldTrump knows just how inferior he is and how much  up short when he is confronted with the honor, courage and patriotism that members of our military and their leaders proudly  …
Trump Warns Iran: 52 Targets Set in Case of Attack--One for Every 1979 Embassy  …
Foreclosing and taking back Mar-A-Lago?
Big time win @GreenWaveMBB ! #Something2Prove
a rat is a  …
beauty defined by 
I think I already want to break up with the person I’m not even really dating.
shit, dj drama really won't let him do  …
*whispers* noah fuckin’ segan 
The world is not burning. The average global temp is about 59F. Some of Southeastern Australia is on fire because nature, arson, and green land  …
harry 
People laugh at you for having to start over. Meanwhile.. They never even started.
‘This isn’t minecraft’ i’mdyingaksks
Get you a man that carries your baby and your campaign lit. #couplegoals 

BOOM!! Trump warns Iran: US has targeted '52 Iranian sites' and will 'hit very fast and very hard' if  …
Twitter family , I’m looking for 2 tickets to take my 17 year old daughter Liverpool fan to a Liverpool game , Saturday or Sunday If anyone can help me out it would be absolutely massively appreciated and you are  at Arbroath FC anytime , thank you again
anyone with my notifications on getting their 75th notif of the day about the same damn theory 
@mylesruth21 with the MVP 
Little sparks that  roaring fires.
JJ Watt and Gronkowski made a faustian bargain to be incredible football players but with bodies that break down more often than democratic checks and balances
Praying for our troops i will always love and support our United States Military 
Your router sees every single thing you do on your home internet system. Here's how to keep that information to 
today is the only day you can retweet 
Thanks for ‘Inviting us in’ #Netflix #Dracula 
Love me a good coffee stout, and this one is a winner, Big Hugs from @HalfAcreBeer! 
I see no difference [part 1] #StVan #세인트반 #LeeGeumHyuk #이금혁 #VAV #브이에이브이 @twt_VAV 
Please, Motivation was Normani's highly anticipated solo debut song, that was praised by countless A list celebrities and had a VMA performance. Liar was released kn a thursday, therefore did not have a full tracking week and was not promoted once in the us and lasted  …
I mean, he really  …
RUN THIS SHIT UP TO 20K! #YEARSOFABUSE  
anyone have ANY spare or unwanted standard tickets for RTs Shepherds Bush show?? I’d really love to grab them off anyone who’s wanting to donate so that I can give some more away! I’d hate for a ticket to be unused so if you can help in anyway - it would be much appreciated <3
Bob you are the prime example of the worst of White People. Also fat chance you even watched Terry  …
These anti-American Resister McShlubs would blend in well at an Iranian/Hezzzzzzbollah yellow-flagged rally ... just 
Youngin frm da slums 
the lip ring stays on during sex 
REIMBURSEMENT OPPORTUNITY Got Chipotle and Starbucks today Time to $end for it. $13 and $15. Just round to $30 | findom domme paypig humanatm asianfindom finD onlyfans cashpig cashslave chastity finsubs 
Help Rizgari Foundation grow, a charity organization based in Australia. The foundation works with refugee camps in Kurdistan, ensuring the purchase and transfer of food and water stocks. Proud of those involved. Questions? Reach out to 
i just want to get dressed up and go out on a date
He’s a US Senator, so willfully spreading lies is particularly egregious. He’s tweeted several times about the Middle East, while displaying a breathtaking ignorance that is both  and  …
January 5th daily hashtag support for Kim Hanbin starts 9am kst. Hand in hand You and me Until whenever #HoldOurHands_김한빈 #HANBIN #김한빈 
Elie Saab Fall 2003 
his voice is literally unique and soft but also strong and flawless and listen him singing is such an heavenly experience and i miss him so much heavy jinki bogoshipda hours 
Another count of impeachment.
Holy fucking shitballs. It's... It's like one of those slapped together, tacky as fuck Facebook videos to celebrate friendship. The words. The music. The false sheen of positivity. It's fucking awful. #ScottyfromMarketing has to go.  …
White House Adviser Launches Project To Protect Trump From Witches And Demons | Michael  …
yes i love my 
jakes wednesday video be like- I MARRIED MY PADDLE 
Hear ye, hear ye. The President has spoken. ANU NA, 2020 NA! 
When do you see a team  to party with their fans at a tailgate? At a @Titans tailgate duh! Amy Adams Strunk  up on 
The only way to stop the global threat is to get you out of office ASAP.  
the idea of war with Iran, besides being unjustifiable, is made even more outrageous by the fact that I have no idea WHO to get information and news from. who to believe.
Kevin Love has made $174 million in his career, is scheledued to make at least another $90m and lost his mind over getting fined 1k Lol, alright  …
people that stan j*stin bieber in 2019
rachel bay jones is really gonna sing so anyway and i’m really gonna be expected to be able to function after that
making chutney! my mom wanted to thank everyone for supporting and wants to let you all know that we are still taking orders for pickup this evening! SATURDAY, JAN 4  
This tweet aged well. 2015.
Dis video so blissful i love them all  …
Invest in black women
Wonder Woman Champs  …
where is yoongi
another day another 26 minutes and 37 seconds spent listening to the album 2020 by Shin Guard
St Louis is in the spotlight.This time for having the best Children's Hospital in the nation.The one which treated Jimmy Kimmel's child. World renowned hospital.
We need this type of leadership and ideas in the White House.
gimme your face ion want the rest of 
A Kermit zone, more 
Happy Birthday Loml 
Great win by @midland_hoops today as the defeat Briar Cliff in GPAC action. #WarriorNation 
THIS IS ISIS
#ImOnlyOneBadDecisionAway from your love.
Honeycut farm alone? Might be the craziest idea I have ever had. Doesn’t mean that I’m going to do it, but it’s so tempting. Something seriously draws me to that place!!
Me: *has 2 pairs of headphones,one is black, bigger, bulkier, heavier, worn, broken and second pair is slimmer, bluetooth, pastel pink pristine clean and smaller Me: no,,no dont . . Me: kylux headphones 
Emasculation Agenda must be taking too  …
First hike of 2020. Romero Canyon, CA. Apparently The Old Man of the Mountain from @VisitNH winters in Santa 
Yeah. It's called Americans should have shown up and elected better  …
 yourself to others, you are you. No one  close to being you even if they tried.
INTERVIEW: Aaron Fox: 'Shorthanded Steelers won the special team's battle to beat the Guildford Flames'  … Fox also talks about Josef Hrabal, injuries to O'Connor & Vallerand & a opening up a 5pt gap over 
always believe in 
Think about this: Small or big breast have the same function and they produce the same amount of milk. But wide ass/hips means less chance of birth problems. It's just natural evolution. Ass is the future. 
Curtis Fuller And Hampton Hawes With #French Horns  via @YouTube

90s fashion is the best cause like ... baggy clothes are everything .
Jaden Smith is the only person that did it successfully. Such a gender fluid icon
rt this for no reason
the love triangle be like: you johnny jaehyun
Nadine bravely shared her past struggles to not only raise awareness but also to get people to open up about it and face it head on. Her response is the fieriest and most apt clapback PH media is not ready for. After all these years, they're still not ready for her. #Anuna2020Na
no one in my gc is active so like gimmie ur thoughts xoxo 
please delete this... I can’t lose her  …
Steve Kerr said he spoke to Kevon Looney today, who told Steve he’s getting better. They’re hopeful Looney can play next week.
a story in 4 parts 
How much money will it take for us to buy out Booger’s contract and never have to hear him again?
i’m legit watching videos about my zodiac sign hell im obsessed lmaoo
Is anybody gonna tell @twittersafety that Trump is starting World War III on twitter?
I am not sure this is suggesting the apocalypse is imminent as much as suggesting that it is deserved.
this was such a hard decision to make, and i hope u all respect it 
Seriously powerful thread. Truth ain’t like the movies.  …
I’m my own problem, and that’s the problem.
Ava baby what is you 
Day1 of #100DaysOfCode started freecodecamp frontend course
Is threatening war crimes a violation of Twitter terms of service?
“Grab my leg so i can record  …
ALL I can say is THANK GOD FOR TRUMP! I can't even imagine these people in power, they TRULY HATE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE & this is WHY GOD is EXPOSING these people to show you how corrupt they really are BEFORE HE TAKES THEM OUT!
tiniest things in the world!! — a 
"The MQ-9 Reaper is the perfect weapon system for this job and highlights airpower’s ability to project accurate, timely, and lethal power," retired Air Force Lt. Gen. David Deptula told the Washington Examiner.
I love my farm and this game so much 
If a med is working for someone, why change it? Also, what about people who can't afford anything more than a bottle of pills? IT'S THEIR ONLY DAMN CHOICE! #painpatientsvote
Did I tweet  …
y’all ever put down your volume instead of your brightness ?? or is it just me
When you expect them to eliminate poverty but they are hell bent on eliminating the poor. After Railways, now a proposal to privatise government  …
make sure to not repeat or spam the same exact tweet bc it won’t count ! try to make your tweets with #LOONA @loonatheworld seem different each time you tweet 
We need more great yuri series like bloom into you 
It took me two weeks to learn how to sew leather, but I finally did it! Check out this cute passport holder I made myself (Yes, one side is backwards, I couldn’t decide which design I liked better and I wanted both!) Available:  
The “homework” assigned is a video that alleges the Maidan Revolution was a CIA coup. Aside from the fact that the video is replete with grammatical errors and lies, this is rote Russian disinformation. 
today I am 24 ! the same age I’ll be when we elect the first woman president ! thanks to @ewarren for making my day extra special - LFG 
Strong finish! 
I’m looking for someone to help me with support, monitoring and social media for Hype Link. Part-time, hourly and remote. If you’re interested, please email me corey@hypelink.co
Y’all really mad that SussexRoyal actually sound 
Emily could choke me with her thighs and I'm not even gay. Damn, woman.  …
the hubs and I decided not to do gifts for each other this year, but he decided to surprise me with this beautiful band anyway. it looks like a tiara for my diamond I love how my husband constantly makes me feel like I’m the most special gal in the 
I wanna see what all the boomers got to say about Biden tryin to cut social security and Medicare  …
thank you babyyy 
Sites important to Iranian culture? This sounds like the deterrence strategy drafted by a smug undergraduate after reading his first book on Iranian history (but not making it past the introduction)
During the 2018 midterms I reported a story about inauthentic accounts in the MA Senate Race. Somehow that got me placed on the “MA 4 Trump” mailing list. This was in their latest 
Nadine Lustre, I love you. Anuna 2020 na but I will love you forever. 
USA: Assassinates top Iranian  Iran: Vows to seek "crushing revenge". Boris Johnson: "Fancy a go on the speed boat, Count Leopold, or shall we have another round of piña coladas first?"
well better get going then
But her emails...oops sorry automatic twitter response. Anyway. this is  …
wHy dO yOu hAvE tO bE sO mEAn dOn’T yOu rEaLiZe iT tUrNs pEoPlE oFf because to some of us this is life or death, not an amusing hobby. because we’re the ones watching our loved ones starve or go without medical treatment.
Hey remember how western media called ISIS barbaric for destroying ancient monuments but that same media has no problem with destroying mosques and palaces that have survived empires a thousand times more bloodthirsty than the american one?
Gonna celebrate all things about youngest daughter for the next few months. She turns 18 at the end of this month, will vote in the Presidential primary in March, & will graduate from high school in 
Me attempting to add up how many times ESPN has said “JJ 
The Democrats are going to try and make defending America an impeachable offense. Thank G-d we have a president in ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ who believes in defending American national interest, which starts with protecting the life and limb of our  …
Are there any major Persian / Abbasid / Safavid / etc artifacts in U.S. museums? Maybe we at least have something we can give back to the Iranian people were the President to carry out this threatened war  …
Shane Fitzsimmons, @NSWRFS boss - deserves more medals, accolades, then we can give him. His team of #firefighters deserve more money in pay rises than we can afford - absolutely incredible!! #nswfires #nswbushfires #Bushfire #AustraliaBurns #AUSTRALIANBUSHFIRES
aw shit here we go again. it’s that time where every mf on twitter wanna start sayin some ignorant ass shit about the US military. ah yess
Can’t wait for the New York Times’ deeply reported recap of the national security policy deliberations that produced the president’s horrifying war  …
Mountaineers unable to maintain halftime lead in seven-point road loss at No. Kansas Saturday ⁦ @WVUhoops⁩ ⁦  …
【Today’s pickles】 #かえるのピクルス #picklesthefrog #todayspicklesofficial 
Another game day, another RECORD BROKEN @HDiestelkamp is now the All Time Leading Scorer for the Lady Panthers We are so proud & grateful for everything you’ve brought to this program. Congratulations Hailey, you deserve it & we love you! 
The Universal Champion is here! 
Prep Slam Champ David Bertrand and 4th place finisher Josh 
cheng xiao x mrs. smith x agent j x happy camp cr. 
Sakuya Sakuma RT if you stan/oshi him Like if you like 
I was at my mans New Years party & his 10 yr. old niece sees my fluffy ass jacket and goes “oh my god is that Gucci” it was the cutest thing but no baby no, Ross
"I Have the Power!" Seriously this is freaking amazing! Def go follow @theVinitude! Also if you need some art made or want to purchase some, hit him  …
The most sickening thing during the ISIS campaign was watching them destroy sanctuaries of culture, but at least they were motivated by moral zeal. The US will destroy sites of cultural significance just to demoralise Iranians for resisting Zionism. Truly the great  …
Triple Crown Winner @coolmoreamerica Justify is a daddy! Purchased out of the @FasigTiptonCo November Sale Foreign Affair foaled a filly late last night in Kentucky being the first foal for the stallion. Congrats to clients/breeder Audley Farm Equine. #firstfoal 
\ WRITING SMUT WHILE UNDER THE AGE OF 18 IS ILLEGAL AND PUNISHABLE BY LAW. "No harm" is fucking bullshit. You've been writing smut since 15? You've been participating in child pornography because that's what its classified as. Congratulations.
Lets ask “Local Vietnamese” how they feel about Vietnam! Westminster,  …
Report: Boko Haram Jihadists Behead Catholic Bride and Bridal  …
Recital 
Chan has DOUBLE my followers
Even if that was true. There are enough of us old Vets that would proudly kick some ass again if our Country needed us!! Our oath never expires!! Don’t need no draft!! Just have President @realDonaldTrump send us a tweet and we are there!! #MAGAveteran 
Honestly, i'm not a huge fan of selena and i'm not anymore of justin's, but i listen to both and i can say that justin have some masterpieces but yummy is not even close to what he can do, and selena's new singles are better this time, that's it No hate on anybody

Trump is the kid who picks a fight and then runs to hide behind his Dad when he's about to get his ass handed to him. #TrumpIsATraitor #TrumpIsABully #TrumpIsACoward #ResistanceIsNotFutile 
• Dragon Tales, Dragon Tales It's almost time for Dragon Tales Come along and take my hand Let's all go to Dragon  …
I’m participating in this tomorrow. Donating a manuscript assessment. (I’m really, really good at it!) #AuthorsForFireys
Childish lmao
Alicai Harley - Be honest refixx
Regardless of who wins this game Devin Singletary has been the best player on the field.
I couldn’t for the life of me figure out why this tweet resonated so well, then I found out you were an INTP and... I feel so understood. We loveee being one of the rarest personality types!
it doesn’t matter that most people in the military never  actually evidence that it’s  and multi-institutional organization
GOAL: 1.000 RTs here in 50 minutes, let's trend this shit and see if we'll really get the teasers or nah #LOONA 
| Independiente manager Pusineri on Aguero: “His development has been unbelievable, he is a crack.With my stay, I hope for the return of my dear Kun in the future He is assured of a place because he has a sense of belonging at Independiente that few have.The doors are 
If still having hoes excites you stay your childish ass away from me please
god is 
Just placed my first sports bet via @DraftKings thanks to @GovChrisSununu and @NHLottery. On the @Patriots of course!! LET’S GO!!!!!
A reminder from 
my man and I are 8 hours apart when he’s in school, distance really isn’t anything when you love someone
PLEASE BOMB MY SON , DONOLD TROMP 
In this world you either are Pitch, or aren’t Pitch, so I have bad news for all of you...
God 
I agree with everything here Even though I haven’t seen them, I’m sure there will have been Spurs fans on Twitter saying Rudiger made it up. Maybe have a word with your colleague Ian Ladyman. His is the only article I’ve seen claiming we shouldn’t have “knee-jerk” 
It feels so good to be able to help make a small difference in the world, so now I’m thinking maybe we should actually stock this design year round, and for every shirt purchased, we could plant a tree. Thoughts? Yes?  …
your facial hair is dope
I feel like I’m growing up too quick
I dare you to name a better fruit... because that would be a 
THIS CAN NOT BE REAL LIFE ANYMORE 
Karmys are the spring day of this fandom..
@ToddTrotter3 @thompsonb2569 @TalbertSwan @PlantPortrait @chriswwright1 @DulleyTopBooks @WillTho99689331 @david_zwane99 @NahumFajji @GuttaNyamela @efgbc But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as  …
As hard as he works?! The lazy, syphilitic, orange, bastard works fewer days per year than Santa  …
Reply #LOONA and and a pic of your bias so can get teaser 
I. MISS. JAEJOONG. AND. CHANGMIN. ANNOYING. EACH. 
Love the copy on bottles of fancy juice that says shit like "1000000000 apples, 4 tons of kale, and a single pomegranate seed inside. Your skull will explode as you experience catharsis and ego death. Get ready to cum. Made with love."
FINALLY THAT PIC OF HIM SNARLING AT THE 
And even more top 128 qualifiers! #LetsMakeBigMoves @EvenMatchup @apollopine @JohnNumbers @SoulArtsvgc  – at Wyndham New Yorker
What ever happened to “I wanna be here”? You signed with us knowing damn well we were gonna rebuild, what are you angry about? And we’re even trying to trade you. Get out of here Kevin, we dont want you  …
While your enjoying your Saturday @steelers fans please RT to help @MaurkicePouncey win the challenge. You MUST Retweet. #WPMOYChallenge Pouncey #WPMOYChallenge Pouncey #WPMOYChallenge Pouncey #WPMOYChallenge Pouncey #WPMOYChallenge Pouncey #WPMOYChallenge Pouncey
This is the youngest team in the nation. I can live with this result. It’s gonna take some time to get there.
"I promise you, they won't change." Yoongi kissed his hands. "For me, you're it, Park Jimin. You're mine." "And all I wanna be is yours." Jimin brought him in closer and they kissed, with a promise on their lips that from now on, they were meant for only each other.
@BSBIbotany Habitat shot showing light coloured green of line of Small flowered buttercup young specimens and seedlings in front of shrub border bordering path Stamford Railway Station in vice county 32 section of Stamford during our #NewYearPlantHunt 
Elite Junior A Hockey action  to Hamilton, Ont., Tuesday, Jan. 14 at Dave Andreychuk Arena - 7 p.m. ET. The #CJHLHockey Prospects Game will feature 40 of the top NHL Draft-eligible Junior A players from across the CJHL. @TourismHamilton 
Pearly Whites 
killa say y'all pussy fat like shemmy j
It's a gut check time for many Americans. They are finally seeing live and in living color what the left in this country is really about. The left supports Iran more than the duly elected government of the USA. This has nothing to do with Trump and is above politics.
It happened. I’m finally down with the sickness. Send memes and bene-bene-dril 
Big fan of this one from @zachlanebryan Song- “Leaving” 
new year, new pooch being inducted into my house. meet Nacho (pending name), she joins us on the 
My Great Grandfather was RIC and then DMP. His sisters were in Cumann na mBan. Are we only allowed to remember his sisters? This is disappointing. Our history is very diverse. We have to be at peace with it to build a better  …
In an interview with The Independent on Saturday, Terry Gilliam spoke about the #MeToo movement: "I'm tired, as a white male, for being blamed for everything that is wrong with the world" 
My parents are preparing for their yearly pilgrimage to the Pennsylvania Farm Show tomorrow to pay tribute to our state's new god, this Gritty carved entirely out of 
Don't know if this is a genuine search or a cry for help, either way I can't help - no mirrors allowed in my house and I close my eyes when taking a  …
so i went green, what’s new w you, 
Maybe my favourite spot to stand in all of Epcot is 
oh we’re just announcing our intention to do war crimes on twitter  …
Yeah, that'll show him! Maybe send a few firsts with him to make sure he really knows what he did wrong.
harry potter described in four pictures 
People referring to DeShaun Watson as Superman and the dude hasn’t even won a playoff game yet. Sit down people. He’s not anywhere close to being on near Andrew’s level. Now that man was Superman.
Shinsou :*standing in front of a mirror* Don't be nervous. Just tell your dad the truth. Shinsou: You’re gay. (later) Shinsou: Hey dad… Aizawa: What’s wrong? Do you need something? Shinsou: You’re gay! Aizawa:
Today’s the anniversary of my biological father’s death. Please, check your smoke alarms before you go back to work. Ask elderly neighbours, parents & grandparents if you can check theirs and remember @fire_scot  to your house, fit smoke alarms & advise you for free.
This is what it's all about 300+ fans rushed DJ after the game for a picture and autographs. For me, it was surreal to see that because I've worked for celebrities and had to deal with fans so to see this happen not for one of my clients but for my son, feeling 
Attended Valima ceremony brother of Saeed Ghani information minister Sindh at Karachi @SaeedGhani1 meet with @SanghaarShazia @HinaDastagirPPP @ShahinaSaeeda @ShaziaMuneerPPP @ShumailaSMPPP @RomaMatto 
Last time Serena played the ASB classic she didn't know she was 
Trump warns Iran: US has targeted '52 Iranian sites' and will 'hit very fast and very hard' if  …
So my two new monitors came in plus my key light setup just got a huge upgrade!!! Also thanks to jaia for helping me figure out what cable I needed 
Monday is the *deadline* for joining the Labour Party and being able to vote for Keir Starmer as leader. Do it people, do it! Help save Britain from the Johnson 
Pixar’s ‘Kitbull’: Hand-Drawn 2D at its Most Engaging  #SparkShorts #Kitbull #ForYourConsideration @Rdsullivan83 @katthendrickson #Pixar #DisneyPlus
Stuff like Trump targeting 52 Iranian sites, in honor of the 52 Americans they held hostage years ago, is why women let him grab them by the . Handling business is sexy AF. I mean, I wouldn't let him grab mine. But...I'd probably let him grab my butt.
hate when I’m arguing with a man and he replies that I’m right and he’s sorry... now I have to stop being mad when I wasn’t finished! anyways gimmee kisses pls
Did he just say "lying dog faced Buttigieg?" or am I hearing things?
jorge just told me that if i ever got him a ring i would have to go to mine and find the diamonds 

“WELCOME TO YOUR DOOM” I literally can’t get this set out of my head and it’s already been 4 days since countdown 
Another copy spotted in the 
The Secretary of Defense is an arms merchant, basically, and lobbyist.
I'm firmly convinced that had Trump taken out Hitler the NYT would have run an article about the "venerated orator and sometime artist who sought to provide his people with universal health insurance."
No be every door when close de locked sometimes just push am e go open .... #theerigma2
Huggs in mid-season  …
Yes definitely, I just made a  and someone turned me in for violence. Blowing up another country? Suspension or definitely expelled.
me pretending to have a dog since mom won’t let us get 
what am I looking 
It's healthier to repress anger Than it is to express anger There I said it
/ do not write smut if you’re underage, that’s  sense. i don’t people understand how serious of a crime it is if someone were to report a 17 year old writing/talking about sex with someone of age. don’t mess around with that type of shit.
I  all 30 other fanbases with open arms tonight as we root on the Tennessee Titans to take on  enemy, the Patriots.
*nicki minaj goes on hiatus* the female rap 
Top Shelf | 
sorry you aren't losers. i love u guys
U.S. law enforcement on guard for potential Iranian retaliation after Soleimani's killing  …
school really about to start on monday...as in the day after tmr. academic depression bout to hit real hard 
Harry, you’ve pulled a muscle, mate. You’re hardly the brother of a koala who’s been killed by a fire in  …
No joke - 1st cocktail I’ve ever made! lol Was great! Just Prosecco, cranberry juice and a sugar rim. 
Happy 2020 gimme sum money
FLASHBACK Obama protected Islam: pretended to fight terrorism but in fact supported it. Majority of 2,800 strikes were more than likely targeted to empty spaces. #LeadRight Obama launches 2,800 strikes on Iraq, Syria without congressional  …
fuck it robert plant- everywhere fancam 
WHEN I CLOSE MY EYES, ALL I THINK ABOUT IS YOU, ALL I THINK ABOUT IS, 𝑌𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑂𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈
Joined @EclipseTheTeam
1951 #Ford Custom Deluxe #Convertible; 239 cid L-Head V-8; 2 bbl, 100 hp; 2-speed Ford-o-Matic transmission; This was the top trim level, and last of the "Shoebox" body style. In 1951 the single large spinner in the grille was replaced by two smaller ones near the outboard 
Serious answer. Progressives already have their own party - its called Dems. Its full of progressives happily getting on with the job of progressing the country/world until numbnuts like you & Bernie decided to step in & create chaos. & pretend to be progressives. Hope that helps
Cleveland paid him max money then decided to give him zero voice in the organization and treat him like a role player. It takes zero seconds to tell the Cavs point guards are garbage and selfish  …
Karr took me to visit her  – at Picacho Hills Country Club
WHO WANTS TO CRY WITH ME AT SEOKJIN’S FOND 
Worth a read of this series of tweets. In the UK we have the NHS and don’t have to pay for our care. Our taxation pays for it. However our NHS is struggling due to lack of govt investment but we’re grateful we don’t have to pay costs like  …
#Ryusoulger #KamenRiderZeroOne Time to watch the Dino knights and the Bug men kids.
Early look at the Ohio State defense for 2020 now that the dust has settled. Let us know who you think should be higher or lower! 
Giving Bob 
Client work for @Makesiiii Likes&rts are 
Does anybody have anymore info on these trading cards? This is the first time I've seen 
Charting medications for inpatients makes me cry when I see pts having multiple drugs for side FX of others and a simple dietary change could usage/cost/side FX.  …
Why am I crying watching this health documentary? love watching people get healthy & change their lives. I get so excited for them like a proud mom.
Live in 
come at me twitter you 
NATIONAL COMBINE AWARDS Defensive Back: SETH JOHNSON 
Quite some head on this one 
Watt with a sack! 
: sam at wizard world convention in new orleans, louisiana today 1/4/20 
It'd be weird if you just woke up and my head was in a bubble floating beside you.
The Bills haven’t won a playoff game since 1995. If the Bills lose tonight they still will have not won a playoff game since 
Fish of the week: blue ram cichlid Brightly colored little guy from South America. Fairly popular in the aquarium hobby. Like most cichlids they care for their eggs and young, which is not typical among fish. Males are territorial and will spar viciously over 
wait if the 2000s are repeating themselves that means emo  back YEET also maybe a version of the internet with some freedom, dare i dream
I think it's you that's fundamentally misunderstanding since we are literally talking about people who identify as women and call themselves women?? Them not understanding the literal scientific factual distinction between sex and gender doesn't change that they're cis.
How rare was this turnover by Josh Allen? Allen was the only qualified QB without a giveaway in the fourth quarter this season.  …
I’m a curator of this! Send your music  …
It's long blond tall and handsome band member hours 
I smell a trade inquiry  
I love the charred galbi beef and house made kimchi @lucky_cricket_west_end  
I laugh everytime Trump calls someone a coward, as he sits at his private golf club, ordering drones to drop bombs on people or sending soldiers into harms way, all while having the drafter-dodger label attached to him.
5G Network = Cancer - New World Order / Deep State "Smart Grid" - Agenda 21 / 2030 Authorities are aware that Electromagnetic Fields and Radiation emitted from wireless devices and antenna (EMF) is a known Carcinogen which can disturb cells in the body, mutate 
The truth is our heads think deeply, we just prefer not to speak. #introvertproblems  …
a message to anyone trying to love 
Please support my I’m Still on Winter Break hobby of making memes about SoCal auto dealership ads (ig: 
Got 
Join @TheOfficerTatum @TomiLahren @w_terrence and I for a hilarious evening of Americana in Mesa, Arizona on January 17th! See you there! Link below:  
According to Anthony Taylor he is fighting Chris Avila at #Bellator238 in Inglewood, CA. (Jan. 25th).
Can you imagine being this beautiful??? God has favorites and it  …
Don’t forget to say a word of prayer for Australia.
Being in a relationship is 
Honestly, once you  an upper classmen
Witches know #LibSpill’s unlikely, but want it anyway. As it’s the best way for these fuck-dangling bungle-cunts to prove to all (including their dwindling supporters) just how extraordinarily  they are. And no, we’re not scared of Dutton, he’ll lock-in election loss.
Idc about social media like that anymore or take anything serious really I just use this for entertainment for boredom and business
baby take me 
This second half is gonna suck.
VicsSpaceFlight @AviatorRick @xoxowindi @swisschoc @SwissBetz @gecvkctcc @miketoddack @wwjrjrIII @perksie200 @MagaManOhio @VicCervantes3 @vicjoseph10 @Alina1965Alina @sickfryck @jillsyk28 @Cynderloo @fritzy36450002 @matney_stacy @dhspat
iTS 2020 ITS TIME TO GIVE RIES 
“People are fearful”: Thousands of protesters gathered near San Francisco’s Powell Station for an anti-war demonstration organized in response to an American airstrike on Friday that killed a top Iranian general. Read more:  
NEW DECADE. NEW 
We Counting This as A Body?. #Quez 
Soloists like Taeyeon, Chungha, EXO Chen and Paul Kim did really well, are they accusing them of sajaegi as well?
everyone meet my 
Bruce Pearl: "Mississippi State will beat most everybody up in here. So that was a big win for us." He adds: "It's a tough place to play. It's a great environment."
Trade this sweet man and don’t make him suffer any longer. He did his part and more. Let this king go get more  …
imagine he drops a fully pumped girthy album on our heads  …
Thread by @RealSLokhova: On March 4, 2017, Times reporter, Mathew Rosenberg, emailed me as follows: “Hi – I cover intelligence and national s The New York Times. I’m eager to speak with you about Lt. Gen. Flynn, who I am told you met at Cambridge in  …
Tommie fumbled the bag  …
I wish doctors and nurses would stop tweeting and reweeting transphobic stuff on my timeline. If you follow me and are transphobic pleeeeease go away
Everyone drop your favorite Loona edits below 

But does she?
Hey @JeffreeStar can we add Blood Money to this display 
It’s amazing that the bible is relatable and connects us because it’s like a mirror. It reflects who we truly are in our soul, mind, and heart. When you read the bible, the bible reads you.
Director Terry Gilliam: I’m Tired of White Men Being Blamed for Everything Wrong with the 
Rip me if my mom knows i go out w a man at night  …
Making 
It's history in the making. It's something the majority of the electorate voted for time and time again. It's a celebration. Get on board Madeleina. You could do a duet with Dominic Frisby
Man arrested outside Islamic Centre before Qassem Soleimani memorial Should This Service Be Held In 
When I told my mom I got into #pitchwars she said, “I love Rajani and Remy!” But I had to give her their books to make her a true fan. As a retired primary school art teacher, she’s super excited to read the lovely words of my mentors @rajanilarocca and @Remy_Lai 
Man the other #CimFam who are leaving the fandom because Dani is leaving the band, I mean it's your choice, your decision and all but, srsly the girls need us now more than ever and we just gotta be understanding and be strong with them and for them y'all
PSA: All Dodgers jerseys here are 50% off 
this is a good video about 
Khomeini threw me off his couch. I need a real place now.
Reminder: Do wudu before going to bed Doing this: • Angels make dua for you •The soul will make sajdah under the ‘Arsh (Throne) of Allah (swt) •The reward of engaging in salah & dhikr the entire night •Be raised on the day of Qiyamah with wudu •Protection from nightmares
Great way to start off conference  …
Even the US have social policies, Trump accepted some himself. No country is a 100% representation of the ideological model they follow. Definitions change and experts disagree even on the ones you think are simple.
Play of the Month will be returning in 2020 which sees the best plays from each month of the esports calendar battle it out in a vote controlled by you  for a chance to  a finalist for the Play of the Year. Tag us in every play you believe deserves a place.
For those who said it isn't possible! Wind turbines in Scotland generated almost twice the entire country’s domestic power requirements In the first six months of the year. #ActOnClimate #ClimateChange  …
They’re just her festival shoes y’all just love to hate for no reason
I’m being told the entire team has shown up and things are getting wild. Ron Washington has just pulled up with an e-cig, bottle of Hennessy, and tooth pick in mouth!! Sean  is currently collecting every fire extinguisher in the airport. Just a beautiful sight in Atlanta.
I need to hire this Black queen to do some graphics for me, she’s everything! Skill level and petty level on victorious!!
hey losers hows it 
Park Center’s Gymnastic coach, Bruce Smith, was honored today for his 50th year of coaching! #changinglives @MSHSLjohn 
I hate sneaky people so much bruh
Now that is interdasting  …
The whole “triggering”thing gets me. These folks are literally getting joy from upsetting others. It’s just sick and has to stop.
We each have our own voices. You used your gobby voice to shout over us and stop us leaving the EU like we told you to. The result was your party losing 60 MPs. Respect the silent majority, don't listen to gobby  …
When will the Republicans try to gain back some of the dignity and professionalism list to this presidential imposter. You keep following the fake. He will take you down with him. Stop believing your own press. The majority wants him GONE. Now
Varsity wins the Pearland Pasadena Cup. With a 3-0 win over 
Got my photos developed from some Black and white film (that I actually forgot about) from @MegaplexCon in 2019! Sadly only a few came out that I liked, but here they all are! #furry #fursuit #megaplex #photography #film 
my mf 
The honour of KINGS is to search out a matter.  …
why is news not airing and talking about this story...the media is COMPLICIT with the sexual abuse that goes on in hollywood and in young hollywood #IStandWithRickyGarcia
Man said cross brow what is this assassins creed rip to her mom though
If I ever  a famous author and have a group of fans that need a name (like Colleen Hoover’s “CoHorts”) I’d just like to throw out “Ashholes” as an option #amwriting 
wow less than ONE hour, God used my followers to help me raise up to $400 for school! I really thank you guys so much wow thank you!!! I love you guys so much and my words aren’t adequate for me to depict my appreciation! thank you! So much wow! Y’all love me man
here’s a thread of non stans reacting to the  …
I put on Lucid Beauty’s Play Time lashes finally. She is 
NB: Given that Iran's Qods Force is an officially designated terrorist organization in Canada,  apt to label any person or organization in this country protesting in support of Soleimani as sympathizers or backers of terror.
Another day practicing using drawing 

Remote athlete @dcro_11 closing in on our plyo records. 87 mph red, 92 mph yellow and 97 mph gray here. A year ago his bests were 78/84/90. 
My church gifted our choir director a car. They saw how dedicated he was to getting to church on time by taking two trains and bus and gifted that man a brand new FULLY PAID VEHICLE. Mannnnnnn
i be so shy in the beginning... then boom, crackhead!
Trump should also be sent to The Hague for war crime. 
Enough to make a grown man 
We’ve had a couple guys score big goals in milestone games... Kadri #AvsTwitterPsychic 
that is not dj khalid
Take a shot every time they replay JJ Watts 1 sack while the bills have 6
President Trump warns US is 'targeting' 52 Iranian sites and will strike 'fast and hard' President Trump is a warmonger. He is the most dangerous man on the planet
Here are my favorite two photos of 2019 taken by me. I appreciate all the love and support from you guys! Please retweet so that I can get more exposure and hopefully get contracted with an agency or brand 
really love this one 
ENDS TONIGHT Nearly 40% OFF + free shipping on the Nike Air Max 1 SE "Windbreaker" BUY HERE:  
Must-have makeup/skincare product?
Lockscreens JIMIN - @BTS_twt #JIMIN • fav se gostar | fav if u like • rt se salvar | rt if u saved • print se usar | print if u use • seja sincero | be sincere 
France is good at one thing: SURRENDERING and Collaborating with Nazi's
Im working on a  set for @NyameMusic. His character look amazing #pixelart #gamedev @aseprite #indiedev #animations 
Check out my dominating senior highlights  …
B*TCHHHHHHHHH!!! SLOB ON MY KNOB
Some awesome teachers “Surviving” a Saturday training session with the @PLTWorg Automation & Robotics Survival Challenge in San 
good night these tiny little babies made 
Watching Secretariat w/ our 4yo and during Belmont asks “mommy where are the other horses?” She begins giggling realizing they were that far behind ...talk about an athlete!
love you so much, thanks for everything. <3 @baileymay - 
Stop disturbing girls that you are not ready for...
Go on amazon and check out how much a VCR costs now. It’s passed obsolete status onto “rare” status now.
Majestically Regal!! 
Why should we apologize for how we feel !
why is he literally the cutest boy 
After a great team win where 12 of the 13 players scored over rival Ysleta JV, we’re back grinding in the gym followed by a weight lifting session. #RelentlessEffort #Belief  – at Riverside High School
Have a wonderful day or night wherever you live. Treat everyone with the kindness and respect you expect to receive, and call and check up on your loved ones. I had a good night tonight. It was fun, I wish the same for all of you and for you to be safe. If you need me just dm.
Take a nap and wake up to Trump threatening soft targets in Iran. I already hate you 2020.
"Love raised his voice toward the general manager and Altman threatened to fine him. Sources said they heard Love say, 'Go ahead. I have plenty of money.'" Is Kevin Love my new favorite  …
Have you ever wanted your very own Koala?  …
she is not the Megan thee stallion she thinks she  …
The Government agrees there’s a need to take action. They’re just not interested in doing it and angering their fossil fuel donors.
public service  – at Exxon
i think the xans tryna tell me summm
People are dying, the planet is dying, we’re on the verge of a war, mesh meherze
I wouldn’t want to see me mad. I’m crazy.
Wishing very Happy Birthday Abdi Brother @SalmanAabdi Super guy Jo Jeeta hai Shaan se @BeingSalmanKhan Fan ke naam se May ALLAH bless u loads of Health Happiness & Success Stay Blessed & Keep 
Took too long to get Martin in the game over Scarlett.
Dear America, Maybe it's time you withdrew the right for presidents to unilaterally murder people. Love, The Rest of Us. #usa #uspoli #WWIll #trump #us #war #IranWar #Iran #IraqWar
Oh I thought it was ‘some people did something’ . You’re pretty slippery with truth #AlQaeda Sell your taqqiya elsewhere. MN elect  …
Charlie's learning curve is the realisation that his success came in part from being unable to distinguish between work and family. The knife represents that his wounds were largely self inflicted and he's trying to fix them with 'bandaid' 
doing #Resistance by writing a $740 billion check to the president you're impeaching with "for killing Iranians and flattening Persian UNESCO world heritage sites" in the memo
The latest tweets from POTUS are absolutely chilling and what he is publicly threatening should shake us all to the core. Time for the PM to speak up on behalf of the UK he’s so desperate to keep together. #WhereIsBorisJohnson #NoToWar
I mean he signed the extension  …
This place is 
Highly  He can  …
sacks on the day. @Iam_jerryhughes making it look easy... #ProFrogs 
I promise you these kind of people can never be around me.  …
I lose a wager I pay simply When they lose to me a 

Wild Card Round #TENvsNE Arrival Photos »  
Damn BCs pizza is a downriver staple
There is a way that appears to be right, but in the end it leads to death.-Proverbs 14:12
. @realDonaldTrump: If you’re guilty and you know it, start a  …
omg stop i also caught my ex liking girls pics who were in HIGH school too and he was also 21! we need it back
so i’ll never get the chance to flirt with namjoon 
Melting in hand 
FLY FLAMINGO FLY!!!! #FlyFlamingoFly @VGKFlamingo #GoKnightsGo #VegasBorn #GoldenKnights 
you don’t know why he did it either why you speaking on it? lol
i really miss emilia and who knows the next time we’ll see 
A chronic 
Looking forward to the @RLI_ACR #Leadership Essentials live Q&A session on "Bringing Awareness to Unconscious Bias" with Dr. @brainbanker on 1/8 at noon ET! Here's a preview of the key takeaways! @kbeaversmd @RichDuszak @MattHawkinsMD @ACRRFS @RadiologyACR #RadRes 
Can he get these Miami boys to stay 
ok boomer the poor never really get the chance to buy luxuries but please keep  …
How exactly did Love think things were gonna go in Cleveland following the departure of LeBron? He chose to re-up on an obvious basement  …
they're both based off of this image i don't 
Loona song opinion thread: get rid of one. Quote with #LOONA @loonatheworld and ur answer!!
Day 2 of the #CES2020 road  to a close, chasing the sunset in Omaha, NE. Onward to Lincoln. Go @HuskerFBNation! @ONeconomy @OCEinnovation #AVIN @APMACanada @investStratford  
Track listing better be Cocaine lil mama Wasted Masochist Redeemer Revolutionary eyes Pain I will love you 14 hour technicolour dream The metropolitan Give it Crystallised staircase Baby blue Aren’t you pleased The potato song
SQUAD GOALS @Bengals, @SCMascot, @Reds, @Brutus_Buckeye, @CLBClippers, @StingerCBJ, @BrownsChomps 
no one: no one at all: not a single soul: roger: when rafa and i had our first match together, i was world #1 and he was 17 years old at the  …
Every artist’s team should have a vocal coach. The fact that so many don’t is...alarming. Also, telling. Touring is rigorous even for “singers.” Give yourself an opportunity to  …
Y'all really making fun of someone who showed support to someone who needed it? & y'all are the same people  about the lack of empowerment in  Just cause y'all gotta project your belief that everything is sex-driven doesn't make it  …
19 seconds of my cat Psyduck loudly 
This is huge.....The Lancet disrupting the landscape...don’t let this opportunity pass...a collegial and loud message from @TheLancet Nurses and Midwives get writing @tamaralucas123 @richardhorton1  …
What's Trump gonna do next to de-escalate Middle East tensions, bomb Mecca?
she’s happy so im 
I wanna marry Jev
I worked 2 jobs while in undergrad so I get it but... i never wrote a paper on my phone. Chile imagine writing a 25 page paper on your cell phone. I’d drop out!
On syllabi, I like to note that, if a caregiver has trouble finding childcare for a given class, to bring their child rather than feel obligated to miss class. It’s never been abused. #fight4edu @FuturesED  …
Help australia. Gn
Congrats to Hadley Panzer on being selected to play in the 2020 Shrine Bowl. 
Yeah, that whole “girls are so messy/fake/etc.” narrative is played out, there are PLENTY of dope women outchea. If you can’t make girl friends, you might need to look in the mirror & ask yourself why you’re unable to make/keep girl friends instead of playing it on all women  …
. @NiallOfficial I think it's visual looks like that of our country singers, please look at this and do not take long  to Brazil, ok?
Too many paying subs and too much loving My life to ever give My time to those who don’t immediately pay
“There are emails between these major Trump donors discussing ways of obscuring the source of their donations through a series of different financial vehicles. These documents expose the entire dark money machinery behind US  …
Really looking forward to Republicans saying it's not terrorism to blow up sites of cultural and political importance in other countries if they refuse to bend to a madman's will. Especially the people with "Never Forget" bumper stickers on their trucks. #iran
I’m presenting a new idea. A new view on certain neurological/emotional/social disorders. In 13 years of therapy work I have never connected w/ having a “disorder” b/c nobody has a straight answer on “order”. I’m in the game of working w/ my own RESPONSES. What do you 
It barely looks real! Like hell on earth.  …
Me and @ChesterThePichu decided to color this gift from @squishyclipse that he got from @GoodHeavenShulk! Chester did the background and I colored the smelly babies and 
Nah this not okay  …
Now everyone at Tmoblie head to Thomas and Mack to support the first place in MWC Rebels. #vegasborn #unlvmbb
I’ve been on a few patriot marches last few years, Now the time is for celebrations, be there, enjoy the moment
Diaconate, hopefully, in 140 days. Prayers would be much  …
Had a right laugh doing this with @keane_ellen ... here's hoping we (I) haven't embarrassed myself too much  …
For no 
It’s such a relief to listen to someone who knows what they are talking about. Thank you @Janefonda. Someone who does her research so that she can have an informed opinion as to just an opinion from what they saw on the brainwash TV machine.
Moving stuff around to change out my son’s desk. This is my grandpa’s old postage scale. I don’t actually use it for #PostcardsToVoters but I keep it because it reminds me of his office. Got a text from Abby earlier, gonna order some addys when I’m 
72 degrees in LA? I will wear a long sleeve black turtleneck
#pinkladyapple is today’s apple for some reason I thought was a juicy Lucy..... anyway cheap healthy snack at the airport and don’t have to spend money on overpriced water n snacks. Crispy and delicious smart treat!…  …
for me, you 
John Brown has two catches. They need something from him soon.
All i asked was “If 3 binds is called 3 binds why isn’t 1 bind with scroll wheel considered 2” lmfaoo
We have more elected enemies than we gave foreign enemies. It’s surreal.
Handpainted @RealHughJackman over @Badbitchfiles #neverendingnails last night  – at Pamper Nail Gallery
Wolmers you did go don't  …
peep the 
Here’s a pic I took of members of @neurosisoakland at the “AVAIL house” in Richmond. So many people lived in & visited the house between ‘90 and ‘93 we built “bleachers” in the living room & lofts in bedrooms. People lived in the closets. My dad was the only person on the 
Dirty work feet I need a worthless slave’s tongue 
A lot has changed since the last match and now it’s a contest of the only 2 Rumble winners thus far. Kick ass 
Self-employment is about independence from an overweening dunderhead bureaucracy. Irish G.P.s have waited decades for a new GMS contract. The current contract is unfit for purpose. The government neglects this responsibility since they know that G.P.s tend to do unfunded work.
Citizens of Massachusetts get this crook out of  …
Me laughing at him but desperately looking for the link 
I’m on this for Spanish morning games if anyone interested Over 0.5 Deportivo Goals Andorra or draw Gimnastic or draw Good value / 
#DidYouKnow Dr Offit owned patent on Rotavirus #vaccine RotaTeq & at the same time sat in CDC Advisory Committee to tell Govt which #vaccines to mandate? Offit didn't disclose his share of past & future royalties for the Merck vaccine he co-invented. #ConflictOfInterest 
#lrt: 1. absolutely *hated* having to cancel on AHA this year for health issues 2. pretty sure attending AHA this year would have proved to be a health hazard...for someone
"Gates Crash Back" scenes at Nakayama for the first JRA meeting of the year ! Group 3 2000m Nakayama Kimpai the highlight of the 12 race card. Won by 2x Hong Kong G1 winner WIN BRIGHT last year so a "must watch" race! Racing booming! #scenes 
reality’s not gonna be enough now
this is a loss and a win
Back on tonight for my first stream back for the year on @WatchMixer (3pm AEST). Might see you there!
Daily Reminder: Anything is possible for you. You can be living your dream right now because it already exists. Nothing can hold you back once you declare in your mind that miracles are possible. Your mind is powerful! Your actions support what you already believe in.
Wake the Hell up Georgia!! You didn't Dodge the Moron Abrams to See this Crap!!!  …
If you’ve never done a themed group chat I highly  considering it. I’m in 2 & it’s amazing to watch people from different backgrounds and  together,  ground & talk about a shared passion.
I'm shocked that Trump is resorting to bellicose foreign threats in the middle of his impeachment crisis. Who could have predicted he'd do such a thing? Is his base telling him they are sick of war as all the pundits assured us they would do? 
Who wants a Streaming Soundpack?
Mebo hyeop 
. @E_Scal breaks down the inactives for #TENvsNE: 
I moved from Texas to the DC area with the assumption I’d finally be getting some decent snow. So far, it’s just occasionally chilly and light rain. #Lame.
This is a WPS press release, not journalism. Shame on @CityNewsWPG for publishing this 
You are the drug that keeps me high. For me there are no side effects except a localized recurring stiffness.
If you’re playing in the duos tourney tonight and DONT HAVE ACCESS TO MAYHEM: you will need to clip the end of each of your games to verify kills and placement
At the  …
The Cudi verse washed every other verse on alien
Lips of an angel will always be a banger
If you can help him with anything it would be a blessing. He has so much going on right now and could really use our  …
Threatening to bomb Iranian cultural sites? This is sheer barbarism and insanity.  …
never knew someone looking up would be this powerful 
That’s Amore! 
and THIS is the NATE OATS team
You’re the only voice I want to hear in my head
COACH OATS TOLD ME IT WAS IMPORTANT TO GET OFF TO A GOOD START AGAINST FLORIDA SO I DREW UP SOME WAYS TO GET GALIN SMITH MORE INVOLVED OFFENSIVELY.
“never change your heart because you lessened your worth for someone who doesn’t know 
How can I unfollow everyone without going under every accs and unfollow, ‘ cause I have 3.8k and I wanna sleep...
Mfs act like we won’t grab our arrow and obtain Requiem over the lost of our homies  
& this isn't just about me. I know of so many of y'all that have supported her for years but don't ever get the chance to meet her or attend events like this bc you're not part of that "chosen" group.
In light of more Iranian threats, US Navy amphibious assault ship USS Bataan and 26th Marine Expeditionary Unit with thousands of Marines on board sailing toward the Middle East as tensions there spike.  
Didnt really pack for the weather, must buy new clothes. 
Happy Birthday Senku Ishigami This is an exhilarating day! Ten billion percent certain the kingdom of science will celebrate #DrSTONE @DrStone_EN 
Pompeo won't let INTERNATIONAL INVESTIGATORS in. Hes UNDER INVESTIGATION for TORTURE. Trump did this for REELECTION. I have filed too the Hague for all of his HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS and WAR CRIMES for BOMBING a bus load of kids in SYRIA. Hes got 1000's AGAINST him 
Grit and grind till the final whistle. The Ducks take it in Salt Lake. @OregonMBB | 
this is 
We got us some real morons with no jobs and nothing better to  …
Anyone can get 
This girl right here makes my day. I’m sat here laughing in tears. The energyyyyyy she has 
Was silly to try to make this work. Two parties  different  …
Keep grinding we almost there!!!!! This is our year yesssssirrr!!!! @TDRSZN @SethBrownCarter @vante1k @_dbrooks35 @_javon23 @Brc_Pinto @CAMERCam @BreezyNamikaze @jonfiletmignon @jhimarre1 @gqmaad @x_Munchieeee @kassiu_s @LudaKKris @whiteboydeeej @_ohthatsjoe_ @hatianboy30 #Bros
We all knew. It was predicted by psychologists, authors, those close to him....it was ignored...now the damage has just begun and it will be ugly.
Pumped and ready to go!! Who's ready for some of the best female hooooooockey players in the world!!??? #ForTheGame #ygk @PWHPA @J16H #TeamHefford vs 
WOWSER. The President of the United  …
Subhannallah whenever attacks on us (Shia) are made, it is ultimately awakining the Shia to stand firmly untied in recognising the real enemy of Islam. مرگ بر  …
There must be a RC into the wilful inaction of LNP on & EmergencyServices over the last 6 years. @billshortenmp’s preelectuon strategy to boost the number of water bombers at a cost of $80mil which we wld  to $20mil to lease fr o/s was dissed by ScuMo&Co.  …
This is also “gay rights” in the Muslim countries we ally  …
it’s been almost six whole years since this 
When you a genuine person it’s easy to point out some fake or funny shit going on!!
1175 signatures! TY to all who've signed so far:Teachers, Writers, Readers, Bloggers, Librarians, Booksellers, Agents, Editors, Authors, Reviewers, Book lovers! Statement of Solidarity Against Antisemitism co-signed by members of our  
Something cute for your timeline 
Okay hear me out — potatoes chips, but they’re all folded
Interesting IEA report. Africa’s urban population will grow by half a billion people by 2040, much higher growth than seen during the two decades of China’s economic and energy boom. Oil & gas will be the key drivers to meet this energy  …
White House Notifies Congress of Suleimani Strike Under War Powers  …
Rewriting the headline: Roll out of electric cars will stimulate investment in generation and the electricity grid, bring more reliable services and reduced costs to all electricity  …
I have so much knowledge to share as well as gain I’ve highlighted my ignorance and contributed to destruction of self for so long and i was never lost i chose to ignore the truth and that’s the epitome of ignorance
are they tryna take out one another before the official olympic roster gets pick  …
i’m losing myself
Transitioning to Facebook where y’all  …
u like junji ito me too thats why i made a study 
Social media advertising probably doesn’t need hashtags most of the time... you very rarely need/expect consumers to actually ‘join in the conversation’ so don’t embarrass  up with one... unless you have a handy one to hand to turn into a distinctive digital  …
Well...this was entirely missed by all of us. Is China targeting evangelical pastors? Sending them the "Cultural Revolution" style to prison? While negotiating trade with President Trump who just launched an Evangelicals for Trump event in Orlando  …
Let's go folks! There's patriots trying to connect with you. Fb & Rt please. @MolonLabe1961GR @d_satman47 @stephalasteph @Magatokag @JoleneBoger @geoff53794369 @MagaManOhio @islandjake5 @louisjo52570686 @QcrushR @TimothyHamby2 @Christophercsa6 @grannyanon1969 
New video is out would appreciate if ya’ll could show some 
Somebody make sure I manage my flex right this semester
That doesn’t mean we should be happy that all he knows is portraying black women looking depressed, unkept and always in crisis with racoon wigs. Wheres the black girl  …
Rian Johnson attends The BAFTA Los Angeles Tea Party at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills on January 04, 2020 in Los Angeles, California. #BaftaTea #BaftaTeaParty #RianJohnson 
As if you forgot, here's a reminder that these are going to drop in 2020. I'm so bloody stoked to see where gaming goes in this next generation. To think that the first game I ever played was Space Invaders. Look at where gaming is now! What are you? Team XBX or Team  – at Jannali Village
3K Followers Raffle If you want to see your character in here just follow, retweet and leave a ref of your character in  More Details below 
Now this is what twitter is for! ie: Drugs are 
Would we be able to get a MOAB in Iranian airspace?
#WorldWarThree Nobody: Nintendo: *launches Wii Trump: *launches 
I had an amazing day...and just before bed I got an “anon” gift with my sister as the courier 
I wanna play I need people tho if this flops Nagyung tweeted 
Sex the funnest thing to do in Cleveland
Why did you vote for Iran sanctions in 2017?
I'm super excited to join Rebel and to be opening my next door in the gaming world. to  …
Click pow.... pow pow pow pow....
Ready to takedown cancer with NIU Wrestling? See you tomorrow at 2pm in Victor E. Court! 
When Trump was asked if he had an 'exit strategy' if war broke out against Iran, he replied: "You're not going to need an exit strategy" "I don't need exit strategies" No planning. That's how you achieve serial bankruptcy & fail in multiple 
Nicole Kidman & Keith Urban Donate $500,000 to Australian Fire  …
Y’all better pull up and support when it opens up. very 
Hayss the gc's starting to pop up "goodbyes", "take cares" and "see you soons" I'll see you soon guys! Take care! Study well! I love you~

My B. I’ll try and delete them. I should have waited until he wins two MVPs. One is not enough.
I may be offline tonight... BUT I still have tons of videos you can enjoy while I’m away >  
Most streamed african on global Spotify January 1. @wizkidayo 20.4M 2. @burnaboy 13.7M 3. @davido 13.6M 4. @tiwasavage 11.1M 5. @sarkodie 8.8M 6. @stonebwoyb 8.6M 7. @olamide_YBNL 8.6M 8. @yemialade 8.3M 9. @iruntown 7.2M 10. @heisrema 7.2M Cc @wizkidchart
Your birth month is what makes you feel better when sad January – Weed February – Weed March – Weed April – Weed May – Weed June – Weed July – Weed August – Weed September – Weed October – Weed November – Weed December – Marijuana
When Booger McFarland opens his mouth: #HOUvsBUF 
We've had a stark increase in domestic terrorism, an infusion of theocratic perversion into government, health care has been under assault, as has science, voters have been suppressed, violence threatened and inflicted ... when will we get the hint that we're in a civil war?
Prayer Warriors there is a report that it is now raining on the Australian fires!!! Praise the Lord @DianeBohallGray @Justice4allCQ @WhitenackGail @uifan01 @love4thegameAK
God this guy  …
if anyone has ever had a chance with me, you snoozed bitch. im thriving
i really hope the titans win tonight
Jr Warriors getting better today. Look like future 1st pick guys huh? How about Vinnie? Share the Love 
#KVBohra Disgusting man use khud kya kar liya apne season mein jo yahan gyan baatne agaya putting Sid last on 5th position shows his jelaousy!!Noone can fathom how much of a HERO Sid is turning out to b n is loved by millions!!Only HONESTY wins not BACKBITING #WinningSid
The girls @cristinafortx We promise to coordinate our outfits with you and get you a necklace for next time! Let's win this! 

The recently released parolee who by robbing a bank, undoubtedly created a traumatic experience for another victim, the bank teller - didn’t get too far! GREAT work  …
Salvete! Come to this workshop on Classics and Social Justice tomorrow if you're at the #AIASCS. When? Sunday (1/5), 8:00am-11:00am Where? Independence Ballroom C  all our workshop materials in a Dropbox. Check out! #TeachAncient  
He is there for every show and makes every show better. He knows just what to say/do when I'm nervous and picks up the things I let slip. I am helped, encouraged, cheered for and sharpened by him. Support on a I stan this King
Then why in the French fried fuck did they give him this option? FFS, the people "advising" him  with this shitshow. If they don't know by now that he will always take the most outlandish option, they are dumber than dirt, or, simply don't care about America.
Since I have no idea how to access the Curiouscat! I feel like doing an ASK ME ANYTHING! Today. So go 
Life doesn't get easier, you just get stronger.
Gaethje’s getting put down  …
hozier himself!
reply to this with #LOONA and a picture of your bias to potentially get a teaser,,,,,,,,,,, orbits are desperate at this point as in orbits as in 
I get Love’s frustration, but also, nobody made you sign an extension
Dr @Swamy39 ji DMK promoted anti-CAA protestor has links to Pakistan Pakistani links are cropping up from Tamil Nadu where Congress ally DMK is leading the protests It has now emerged that Gayathri Khandhadai,one of the lead protestors,has links to Pak  …
The Squad is outraged that President Trump eliminated one of the world’s biggest  …
Great  …
But he left all of that to his kids, right? He is not a businessman any longer and not following any of this. Oh right - he lies! Now the country is about to suffer to honor his shady business deals  Wtf - who hired this dude? Damn the MAGA’s who had no idea!
Such a sweet farewell to SMU. I hope he’s ready for the assholes of the Canes Nation (of which I am regrettably a  …
I really enjoy watching a woman put on her makeup
lmaaaooooo wtf was really going on
What are these things hanging??? We don’t have them in 
And she was saying how smoking actually reduces libido and can lessen moisture. And for people saying that drinking with the pill heightens the effects, she pretty much said you could get the same result just from being drunk in general. No pill needed lmao.
CAUSE OF YOU NOW MY HEART IS SO ICY
Will 
ah yes, love to open the timeline and see our drooling, metally incontinent caligula sitting in his chintzy golf course threatening war crimes because he decided to rewatch last night’s hannity on his DVR
Captain Alyssa Redeaux • 315 deadlift • took home first place 
I knowwwwww I was lowkey tearing up behind the camera seeing her so happy
Thank you Ghana . Love you guys
Tulane students have to show more love to the @GreenWaveMBB this team is tough
me when i found out chn is uncircumcised 
HAVE YOU GUYS SEEN THE INTERVIEW HE WAS JUST 
Almost time! Where are you watching from tonight, Leafs Nation? 
Academic publishing standards are a major contributor to the misinformation crisis we find ourselves in.
Bigger than the game. #PHIvsARI |  …
In 2011, you believed (or said you believed) that Obama would start a war with #Iran to help win an election. Huh. What President would need a war more than an #ImpeachedPresident? Could you be more transparent? I bet Putin is delighted. Good 
BOM DIA BTS COM ESSE JK SEXY 
Miss7 to Mstr10. 
he also posted on ig + had fun with innie which makes all of this even more 
I really hate the social media subminal stuff because ppl wouldn’t repeat half of the stuff they say on here to my face
Trainer Bob Baffert has some well-grooved tracks on the road to the Derby, and he took a significant step towards his intended destination this year, as Authentic led from start to finish in the Grade 3 Sham. @DRFPrivman with more:  …
It seems @MICLimerick is 
I love this  …
* * YOU DRIVE *^ ! AN E36 . .$YOU FUCKIN DORK LMAO +** LAST TIME +** I CHECKED * OK !+THAT WAS +* A EUROPEAN +:) CAR . STICK ** !++ TO TOWING THESE WEAK ASS CARS * ! +:) AND SAVE ** - UP FOR ** - SOME BIG +* BOY SHIT NERD . *+ _ SLATT ! 
whole lotta red 
Literally can't stop thinking about the Iranian children who are going to die because there's only one ruling party in the US and that's Capital
When I wanna go out and do something it’s crickets. But my phone gets blown up when I’m busy. I DON’T UNDERSTANDDDDDDDDDDD
Unbelievable. There is a vile and deeply disturbing streak of hatred of cyclists in the UK. Nowhere else in Europe is it like this, it’s a disgusting wholly British trait. We cultivated it, and it is killing hundreds of vulnerable people every  …
Stay tuned. This is gonna be a fun one  …
Gotta put my sunglasses on my tl is so bright 
Header design for @RagsFN HD:  -If you are interested in a design DM me Check out more of my work:   Support is greatly appreciated <3 #Fortnite 
TAKE THEM OUT. @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer
Illinois pension fund is one step away from a spectacular implosion
The president just killed a general and threatened to bomb 52 specifically culturally important (gonna guess mosques) buildings. Who cares if the first guy he killed was evil, this shit is insane.
I’d like to forget this
Hire Kevin, you  …
Me at dinner: uncle you gonna eat? Him: no I just came to do drugs honestly
I had stage 4 non-hodgkin's Lymphoma 3 years ago. I had 6 months of chemotherapy. We pay $1000 a month for healthcare and I still have bills I haven't finished paying. We need Medicare for all.
Not even ESPN showing JJ Watt every other play can stop Booger McFarland from trending nationally because of how bad he is at announcing NFL Football A tradition unlike any other
I need this so 
An ancestor on my grandmother’s side, Fr. Elisha John Durbin, who helped bring the Church to life in Western KY, IN, & TN. He was ordained a priest by Bishop David at the cathedral in Bardstown in 1822. 196 years later, I was ordained as a deacon in the same 
I wont lie, leo wasnt good today. But this run is greater than ronaldos  …
Anyone want to see our wedding video?
Blessed to receive an JUCO offer from Ramah! @JamieRevis1 
I truly believe that everything that we do and everyone that we meet is put in our path for a purpose. There are no accidents; we're all teachers - if we're willing to pay attention to the lessons we learn, trust our positive instincts and not be afraid to take risks or wait for
Stay golden 
This is exactly why i tell my delusional friends to not engage in conflict on the road. Yell from ur car, with the windows rolled up, and make sure the psychos don’t see you do it either.
What if the ants we step on got mothers waiting for them to go back home?
The “impeachement” is what’s starting to be a distraction and not the other way around. Dems are collaborating with fascists.
Hey @SecMcDonnell.....they have no alternate water supply. Article 27 is a real right you know...your agency is ripe for a constitutional case in federal courts #wethepeople v #pa  …
ok but can you juice my tweet   …
well that was fucking amazing!!!!  – at Elbphilharmonie
The TL think if you don’t talk about it, you ain’t doing it and I love it... I hope you think I know nothing
no one: me: so how can i make this about vampires?
what’s better 4 u than me
Are we really taking seriously the words of a man that could have named himself ANYTHING but chose to name himself Meat Loaf?
'The Straight Story' (David Lynch, 
Miss the @hopmancup, guys 
"Why do you beautify yourself if no can 
Conservation technology friends. I've put a thread together on @WILDLABSNET regarding  and utter disaster that humanity has created, the Australian bushfire crisis, to see if there is something we can do tech-wise to assist  
Am I the only #educator that believes 2020 doesn't actually start until Jan. 6 when we return to work? #EducationNeverDies #PunkRockClassrooms #KidsDeserveIt #BeTheOne #tlap #LeadLAP #fitleaders #JoyfulLeaders #CelebratED
Spoiled queen. How do I 
Absolutely shocked to hear how @ImtiazAlamSAFMA’s home was ransacked while his wife & daughter were home alongside a bunch of domestic helpers. The entire male staff was beaten and tied while female staff was manhandled. Ten+ men threatened Dr. Nusrat. Same MO to silence journos.
5 Freshman Champs today at the HF invite! Noah Cozzilono, Josh Tanquilut, Mike Barberi, Jimmy Vahl, and Tommy Barrett. #buyin #tbolts
People use the bottom rocks as a white board and write shit like: H + H =  …
Trump fired @Comey. Thinking everyone will be happy. Mueller was unleashed. Now he assassinates a terrible general. Thinking world is better off. Unleashing potential fury and a lot of innocent lives in the line of fire.
Striking cultural and civilian objects with no military purpose is a straight up warcrime. There is no other way to look at this other than a warcrime. It is a blatant warcrime. Self-defence and deterrence does not permit  …
The Arc is growing... I wonder what this new area is meant for o: #pixelart #ドット絵 #art 
Iran could also choose not to respond. Instead call out Trump's belligerence.  to diplomacy and the Iran Deal and strengthen its ties with China and Russia. Putin is aligned with them in Syria already. Might be a way to de-escalate from this madness.
Holy shit Lazenby you went there  … 
Is she also accusing him of her engaging in a Trouple? These people take no responsibility for anything. They must hand out this handbook as soon as a Dem enters politics. They are totally brainwashed and 

Texans kicker Ka'imi Fairbairn's full name 
Trump with the big dick energy. He’s promised to target explicitly Iranian sites should they retaliate in any way or form, not militias or proxy warriors. Symbolic too, with the 52. Trump understands optics in ways most people  …
How quickly do they all learn to play the #VictimCard!!! No, not all #Muslims are #Terrorists But why is there such a deafening silence from those who are not?! Are they too few? Too weak? Or too sympathetic? Nothing breeds a killer better than a victimhood  …
England is the most aesthetically pleasing country on Earth.
What do you think my friends, does this look like a  …
Congrats to @CoachDKerns and @AppStateMBB on the big time win today. Great environment for a HUGE game. 
EVERY.  …
some of you guys suck. i could tweet “just found out the sky is blue” and some idiot with 9 followers would be like “are u serious??? you absolute fool??? you stupid fuck?????”
oh you like me? cool my dad once did too so that means nothing to me
Parents have their children taken away by the state without  a crime! Yet policitans can't get involved, what's the point of them then? Constitutional rights not obeyed by the child traffickers in  …
im not looking for anyone to fix me .. just hold my hand while i fix MYSELF.
“Paradise By The Dashboard Light” Top 10 greatest songs  …
The British  literally had Iranians in chains and concentration camps working on the oil fields before the revolution. There are pictures that you can look up very easily if you want.
Only days away from the start of preseason 
Fight so dirty but your love's so sweet, talk so pretty but your heart got teeth, late night put your hands on me and never let go. — 5.12.2018 - 5.01.2020 
 to the 1st Round of The Beatles Song Bracket Challenge. Which song will be chosen as the best song by The Fab Four!…Rubber Soul Bracket ...Round 1 Match 7...Retweet! Discuss! Follow! #TheHookRocks #TheBeatles
Harry Potter and the mistery of where the fuck is my night bus
here's colby presenting sam's birthday cake and sam presenting colby's birthday cake because they are soulmates, brothers, bestfriends, 
British Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab set to meet U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in Washington on Thursday and his French and German counterparts earlier in the week following the U.S. airstrike in Baghdad that killed Qassem Soleimani. (Sky News)
Police are now briefing residents who have gathered at the #Eden Wharf #NSWbushfires 
"Doubt is a thorn that irritates and hurts; it is a sword that kills." — Teachings of the Buddha | | #doubt
Simply put, be a supporter and support Brendan and Steven, not yourself. No one gives a shit who found what, and fighting for claim rights on any research done is just idiotic. Fight for Steven and Brendan, not back pats and credit for work you've done. No one's getting medals.
They were all terrorists killing Americans in the region! Soleimani was a terrorist who killed many Americans!
I invite you to the world of no past. It's the only sane place to be. — Byron Katie | | □∧◯
The Iranians  for you. So none of that really matters  …
Down 8, Doug Pederson goes for that 4th down 1000% of the time and I’m proud that he coaches the Eagles.
200103 © 
WEGENADE WAIDER GIVEAWAY - Follow @DoubleJServices, - Do Fake Giveaways - be fake like them - Tag some scammers - Must don't be legit like 
Protesters rally in Pittsburgh, other cities against possible war with  …
Remember when the tories were calling Corbyn a chicken? And did an entire marketing campaign around it? Where the fuck is Boris Johnson?
incase you missed it, @PhilippineStar @therealrickylo serves you right! and for your editor-in-cheap, do your job pls., all your credibility just went out of the window.. 
So Meatloaf is cancelled huh? He was probably a Russian bot this whole time.
Here are 2020’s most anticipated art 
They are furious Trump didn’t consult with NSC Leadership about the decision. Ye know. The ones who set American Foreign 
I just listened to an amazing two part series on the U.S & South Asia w/ fabulous papers by @aqayyum, Shefali Chandra, @AnneHardgrove, Doug Haynes, & others. Mrinalini Sinha & David Engerman proved again (& again!) they are just brilliant interlocutors! #AHA2020 @AHAhistorians
having trouble keeping track of the cats in CATS? it's easy: Taylor Swift in the arena? That there is Bombalurina kitty's got a hat 'n spanx? friend, you've got a Skimbleshanks song cut for time on the theatrical version? that's Growltiger, King of Perversion
We love seeing the tears of joy when a child is reunited with a parent after a deployment. It breaks my heart to know that there are children crying tears of sorrow as their parents leave for a deployment today.
Lore from coastal Georgia tells of a mermaid that protects the Loggerhead Turtles. This is a tree spirit of Cora. You can see my watercolor version of her here:  … #watercolor #tree #femaleartist 
Every one else is fixated, rightly so, on targeting cultural sites, because, you know, WAR CRIME, but to me something else stands out. Referencing an incident from 40 years ago as a basis for attack is Trump trying to turn our nation into a thuggish cult.
This is the whitest tweet I’ve ever 
canceling plans is ok. being a super hero is ok. looking for your supersuit is ok. asking your wife why she needs to know why you’re looking for your supersuit is ok. do what you need to do to cope
No shade to Tyler, because I do appreciate how he employs us, but we shouldn’t have to consume art that we don’t like JUST because it’s black. We should be able to want more from our stories than trauma and  …
James A. "Jim" Lovell, Jr. and Fred W. Haise, Jr. practiced a lunar traverse today in the sand dunes at Cape Kennedy. About 70 pounds of material was laid out for the Apollo 13 crew among the dunes and vegetation. #Apollo13 #Apollo50
Under the General, they've been murdering our military for at least 20 years, with verified plans to take out many more. Whether Trump took this terrorist out or not, future military deaths  Iran ignores and lies about their part in this war.
Chris representing Boston. And Pats Go! 
reporting this tweet for suicidal  …
Alright, I’ve been talking down on JoJo’s but I’ll give it a try. Part 1 here we go 
In many construction projects at KSC, it's tradition to have a final piece of the structure signed or personalized by the construction team. For the mobile launcher, quotes were picked to stand in place of signatures, subtly placed where few may see them:  
Going through my downstairs bookshelves and found this gem, lots of 
Just noticed that there are now 34k people following me here! Thank you ! Cheers!
Twitter User in Replys VS Twitter User in 
Hello! If you buy a ko-fi for the talented ROM (@RoslynnMena) to help her fix  I'll write you a short 250-500 word (or more because I have no chill) blurb on the pairing/prompt of your choice! SFW please just to keep it simple. KO-FI LINK: 
1 decade ago i learn to know tagalog is because i love Nadine Lustre and James Reid, no one in this world can’t do that, just because Nadine and James, and i am as their fans.. so please if you not have an INSPIRATION for the other peoples don’t talk abt the fake #Anuna2020Na
Everyone has demons that they struggle with May Allah make it easy for us
My @rightstufanime sale haul 
Steve Baker #21 Barry Sheene #7 Brands Hatch 
This type of careless belligerent rhetoric is not a wise idea, politically or  …
I’ve seen this happen when a bisexual woman brings her man around her lesbian girlfriends. Pure pandemonium.
hey bailey hope your day be amazing and i hope this year everything is gonna be incredible love you so much @baileymay 
off duty bau MY HEART WILL NOT BE ABLE TO HANDLE 
I know! I wonder how the pentagon or the generals feel about him giving way thier plans. The plans are wrong though and they should not be taking out any cultural sites. Isis took out a of of history already and that made me sick, & to think our Gov. would do that too!
Related... great story. #TCMParty #Filmtwitter #Classicfilm #noiralley Column One: One of Hollywood's last scenic painters can't quite put down his  …
Anyway, it’s pretty much established that we are an item BUT these queers fems still write me off & our relationship. I believe the root of it is because I am a cis gay man.
Today is Jane Mcgrath day. With the devastating fires, I know a lot of us are donating where we think is critical right now. Having said that, awareness is highly important too.
Get ready for a naughty night in megane  and see what im wearing on  dont forget chaturbate offline tip work 
wow hello good 
MBB| @queensMBB gets back to its winning way to open 2020! Carr 31pts, 7 rebs, 6-10 3PM Turner Jr. 16 pts, 4 asts Smith 13 pts, 9 rebs Taylor 10 pts, 5 rebs #BELONG 
China replaces its top official in Hong Kong as protests  …
She didn’t ask to be born  …
Ima take Bills Mafia out my name so they can hold the lead
not to brag but daniel’s content in spain was  …
name all the 1D mums in order. “WHAT DO YOU MEAN IN ORDER?!? IN ORDER OF 
Hi my name is Leigh and I just recently got back into making jewelry. I’m just having fun with it and enjoying what I create 
This is insanity. Attacking cultural sites means attacking civilians. Choosing 52 targets based on some symbolism is also not standard military policy.
My dog did the same, although she was never abandoned and had the happiest life
And the mercury is rising Barometer starts to fall You know it gets to us all The pain that is learning And the rain that is burning Feel red Still, go ahead You see black and white And I see red Red Not blue... Happy Pratturday evening #Rushfamily 
whatsup yall, we’re a new account & we’re looking for some moots! rt/like if you stan - bts - itzy - mamamoo - chunh ha - ateez - skz - got7 - twice - ariana - twice - bp - nct (dream/wayv/127) - exo - superm - red velvet - svt - everglow - kang daniel - taemin - mino
#KAG2020 #MAGA We need 97 people more that can spare $3 to $5 to get Veronica Escobar out Congress? Let's show this corrupt Congresswoman that she isn't going to be reelected. Support the campaign to unseat her. Yes @realDonaldTrump is dealing with  …
Good find! Let's keep reminding the FDA of their prior statements like this one. There are a lot more they're hoping we forget  …
Mood 
EXO-Ls, RT this if you have tagged @weareoneEXO on your tweets today. If you haven't, reply 10 replies 30 RT 20 likes #exo @weareoneEXO @exoonearewe @layzhang @B_hundred_Hyun   …
kris was only exo who had taste in men and knew that jongdae's face is 
About 
We here at the IPA order you peasants to do as Jenny says or you will be sent to a #hillsong reeducation sorry summer camp. Seriously though this IS important and worth sharing. #AustraliaFires #firecrisis #NSWbushfires #AustraliaBushfires #auspol  
to this day i will not understand how she wasn’t absolutely 
Y’all gone disrespect Gwen like this
halves of basketball ranked: 1. 2nd half against auburn in the 2018 SEC tournament 2. this 3. 2nd half against florida at the o dome in  …
fuckin hell I just wanna destroy a lasagna rn
There is a powerful chemistry in the union of a humble leader, a holy book, and a hungry people. Bring these three elements together and revival is sure to follow__Dr. David Jeremiah #TheRemedyOfRevival
Desperately trying to control public perceptions whilst not addressing the root of the problems with their policies, appears to be the only tool in the @fordnation drawer. #ONPoli #AutismDoesntEndAtFord #CutsHurtKids  …
Poll: Should terrorist sympathizers holding vigils go on the Canadian terror watch list: A) Yes B) No C) Not Sure #cdnpoli
it took justin bieber 5 years  up with the lyrics ‘yeah youve got that yummy yum that yummy yum’, let that sink in
Keeping it  …
Mera in her third trimester while still in the Justice 
Later Alligator  to 
#StirlingRP stopped this Ford in the Alloa area tonight. The driver didn't have any insurance or a current MOT for the vehicle. The vehicle was seized and the driver reported to the Procurator Fiscal. 
he 
I don't have money, but what I do have are a very particular set of skills. Skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you...I will not look for you, I will not pursue you, but if you don't, I will look for you, I will find  …
Immediate counterpunch. Powerful. Did not wait 12 weeks for the State Dept to leak it. Our magnificent President!
I hereby to declare it’s 2020 
Me explaining a song I heard years ago only knowing the  …
Not your average 
Always. Always. Always.  …
I Think about my past and get in my feelings
I lost my mom when i was 19 years old and it was SOOO hard for me to handle . So i made this video explaining how i dealt with it in hopes that it would reach people who have been through a similar experience . Retweet #RipCinny  
Remind me how many national titles Kansas has won since  …
when she kiss my 
A pro jihad rally should and probably is against the law. It’s called sedition.
What’s bothering y’all that are awake? Let’s talk
Why is @TheKekeCoutee not in the game ?
when a guy touches me without  …
I don’t know who needs to hear this, but Saints fans gotta be ready to go and in their seats well before noon tomorrow. Keep hearing some doubts about the early game energy.
i hate how shadow's been regulated to "edgelord" by fans and even sega cause there's so much MORE to him than that. hes an edge lord with depth. his whole game was about him changing and improving
 selena notice selenahq and gomezsource all the time (as she should!) and they dont get to meet her but miss karen and cylinder over here meet her all the time and dont do shit except bully others and take advantage of opportunities and dont give others a chance 
Obama targeted . @GenFlynn for a reason. Flynn saw the corruption. He witnessed what he knew to be the weakening of his beloved U.S. He knew the enemy within and Obama knew this fact. It wasn't just the IC, it was 44.
you can only like if you’ve played bo2 
Cant tweet this 
"No, only question things I don't like!" Posted by 
Mengiyakan dan menormalisasikan dosa doesn’t make you open-minded nor edgy. If you really wanna sound open-minded, all you need to do is respect others doing that dosa, nggak perlu dinormalisasikan lalu bilang “tht sh*t ain’t dosa in my agama”. Which Qur’an have you been  …
$SBES - If you're looking to merge a billion+ dollar  into a U.S. shell.. David Xu is your  …
Carole and Tuesday is called Carole and Tuesday because Carole’s name is Carole and Tuesday’s name is Tuesday
106 pound place winners at the 22nd annual #CheeseheadInvitational Great effort gentlemen 
Trump's buddy, the Turkish President, called Soleimani a “martyr” and said he understood the anger of Iran’s people and leaders. He also reportedly expressed his distaste for external interference, which he said destabilizes the  …
im a sophomore in college using my lane tech ventra card with my CPS ID number and class schedule on the back
 to whom or what would a person choose to vote for Jr and his sister? A pack of jackals? And a dynasty? What a foul blood line, indeed. #OneVoice1 2024 lookahead poll: GOP voters eye Trump  …
2020 goals  
One of my favorite speeches at the anti-war rally was from  @Shaniyat2020. He touched so many good points. I admire his bravery serving in the military, taking on bullies, and speaking out against the corrupt and greedy nature of our government. #NoWarWithIran 
Perfect  That's 8 straight victories and 6 straight inside Trojan Arena -  #OneTROY
open and read, you may need 
you’re dead to me 
I know I say this a lot about Can, but he says “Ciao” so cute. Look at that little button nose and those squishy cheeks. 
need a solid punch in the neck or something
What’s up Nationnn,The red Carpet tonight was truly something ,making it hard for us to choose who really slayed that carpet, but one person has to take home the crown for the ‘Best Dressed Stan’ award tonight..and that stan is no one other than... @mercymotivation 
Don’t let capitalists profit from our banter
I’ve considered traveling for this game  but my tolerance for losing is already low so losing to fraudulent play in ft2s while we still jumping for free and doing 30 percent armor fatal blows is my main thing stopping me honestly.
J Cole is ruthless in his raps. This day and age I can’t tweet his old lyrics cause Mfs gonna be offended as hell. If you really listen to him, you feel where  from lol he so calm but that nigga talks shit
Placers are the JC Gorman 58th annual tournament. Coach Crabtree was voted the Doug Castle Memorial award by the wrestling officials for Sportsmanship and Leadership. ⁦ 
my friend: “do you ever start cooking—“ me, immediately: “no”
President @realDonaldTrump threatens to hit 52 Iranian targets "very fast and very hard," one for every hostage in the Iran hostage crisis, if Iran seeks revenge for Soleimani 
Eat her pussy, text back on time, and don't lie.
That line alone makes it evident she didn’t write it.
i get the appeal of tweeting ‘enlist’ at all the bloodless chickenhawk worms pushing forever war rn but it kinda reads to me as jon stewart hypocrisy finger wagging. these ppl have no shame and wont be embarrassed by being called out, lets stick to explicit death threats instead
worth your 
While Donghun was signing, choice were saying “oh he looks so handsome and cool and cute” and when he finally heard it he got all shy and crouched behind the table 
Papua new Guinea ICT Minister Masiu Halts 5G Trials Amid Health Risk Debate - 5G  …
With all due respect, you obviously don't know first thing about how subjective intelligence  …
#HughGrant thinks you should read this. Thanks for the suggestion @HackedOffHugh! Don't know who #BrittanyKaiser is? Watch #TheGreatHack and read the linked article from relentless journalist and subject of the film @carolecadwalla below to learn the latest  …
I know this straight boy from early university thinks he’s  messaging me outta nowhere after over 10yrs to tell me he thinks I’m just getting more attractive with age but 1. No, weird, this is not a first-contact-after-a-decade topic, and 2. I already know
Oooo girl, you cute. 
tag your twitter crush, i dare you 
Next ? "Sing-Along With Scotty"--brought to you by the same wonderful folk who gave Australia the zany "Cobargo Follies" starring the ever-popular #ScottyfromMarketing : Planes in the air Boots on the ground Ships on the sea And smirks from ME?
Congrats on a sweep at our BGHS tournament this weekend. First place in Bullseye (season high score of 3223) and first place in 3D. 
me when i’m talking to God deep in my  …
I need a sub that I can just lock in a cupboard while I live in his house, control his finances and fuck my boyfriend while he listens next door findom findombrat humanatm cashslave
the grEat GREAT great GREATTT Cara 
And yet @SenatorCollins takes no action. No one should ever refer to her as a moderate unless I suppose there could be a moderate Trumpian
I draw an illustration yesterday #イラスト好きな人と繋がりたい #絵描きさんと繋がりたい #絵を描く人々 #絵描きさんとつながりたい 
I know a QB who had OBJ, Jarvis Landry, Nick Chubb, and Kareem Hunt. Now that’s weapons
FINAL | Jacks win! South Dakota State defeats Western Illinois, 91-56, for its 18th straight win at home! 
ariana when she fell down the stairs during youll never 
Beating the Hokies by 
I'm curious to know if anyone's specifically threatened to ruin historical/cultural sites before like Trump just did! (Wouldn't surprise me if so.)
Home was robbed Hit was robbed Seventeen was robbed Fck!! Carats and Seventeen deserve better than this u piece of shit
I grew up in a coal camp many, many years ago, and it was such a special treat for my parents to go “out” and hire a sitter, who was Mrs. Beavers with 12 kids and lived in the holler up aways. I knew she  when mom bought chips and dip. FOR MRS. BEAVERS.
Not a bad Saturday for @HHSswim... New Pool Girls Win Suburban League Championships Boys Win Suburban League Championships #ExplorerPride #RollHud 
Turtleneck Abbacchio sir I'll hold your cup #jjba #abbacchio Bet the fella has a D cup-- oh no I meant your cup of coffee Mister sorry for the 
Oh well I wanna see Loona trend anyways, even if I don’t believe in the rumors 
white mans whore followed me into new 
A brilliant reflex save by @PrescotCablesFC goalie @OllieTaylorx stops a certain goal for @jackhazlehurst9 for @CityofLpoolFC in the @NorthernPremLge 
I wouldn't trust anyone who could sit in a room with Peston & Soubry & smile, let alone laugh. For her laughter to be part of the racist anti-Abbott campaign sums her up entirely. Diane Abbott has more integrity & political nous in her little finger...
Why’s people gotta copy celebrations? So cringe that was Mbappe’s iconic celebration and this weirdo now uses it after scoring against 10th place port vale in League  …
So apparently @Twitter changed their TOS so now pedophiles are protected and can spread pedo shit around and not be reprimanded and this is why... 
Make no mistake, this mess is of #Trump’s own making. He put us on this path moment he quit #Iran deal w/o cause. Continues to threaten & up stakes b/c Iran wont *submit*. He’s broken w/internat’l norms meant to safeguard world. What will be next threat? Civilian life?  …
Rode e-bike for the first time yesterday. You can forget your Elon Musks, that’s the future of transport right 
KiT t-shirts are available outside by the front of the venue! Models: @Xephukai and 
HOUSTON MAKING THIS A GAME (via 
Coach Slick thank you  …
Born to shine forever and always, Jung Hoseok! Hope y’all will love my edit #Jhope #제이홉 #정호석 @BTS_twt #btsedits 
Finally figured out what all of these drones flying around in NE & KS are trying to  …
Hoe is a genderless noun in the  …
They also need to kill clock with a touchdown! #LetsGoBuffalo  …
Had to unsub from a #of fan YT channels. How we use language is important. Rumors ≠ Leaks Speculation ≠ Leaks Piecemeal Conclusions ≠ Leaks Real leaks are bad news bears (not harmless sport). EZ to forget: leaks usually mean something criminal has occurred (NDAs broken).
I wanna be disappointed in harmony but my man prolly jus did this to make a living  …
I think if I get a cat everything is going to be okay
BRO FUCK THIS GRIME BEEF...LOL MY BEATS R SICKER THAN URS!!!
This INSANE show goes down on 2/15 in Chicago. Impact meets ROH meets AEW meets New Japan. And this isn't even half the card.... Tix:  
IT 2017 was the first horror movie i saw at the cinema wbu??
everyone in this bar happy, but me, so naturally i’m bringing them down to my 
HORNETS WIN! The women's basketball team picks up their first conference win of the season over Park! Check out the release at  
Smile 
IM JUS SAYIN college is the biggest scam ever, i had to pay $70 to apply and $50 to send in my portfolio to ONE school wtf
Pay respect for Greta 
Trump Was Roaming Around Mar-a-Lago And Bragging About Iran Strike Days Before It  …
Jon: I don’t care if you hate me for killing your father Elias: wh Elias: what Jon: Peter Lukas Elias: Martin: oh my god Jon we talked about this Elias: Elias: Elias: *wheeze*
HI IM PLAYING SOME NEW MUSIC TONIGHT AT @papertigersa SO COME WATCH ME TO GET A SNEAK PEAK:) We go on at 
Texans are playing much better in the second half and they've made a game of it. 16-11. I think I picked that score.
Will you be a willing sacrifice to my dark and sensual creativity?
I wanna travel but i’m afraid of flying and heights.
The psychotic US President wants revenge for a hostage-taking that occurred four decades ago. He wants us to focus on Iran instead of the reports that Russians co-signed his loans and the impeachment trial. However, that trial is our only defense against this blood-lusting  …
BEST NON CUSTOM JUMPSHOT IN NBA2K20 #nba2k20 Like this vid for a follow back  
We are the Storm !  just wasn't storm-worthy LOL Swamp draining continues. Thanks @POTUS  …
The Trump administration has refused to turn over 20 previously undisclosed emails about the freeze on security aid to Ukraine that is now at the center of the impeachment of President Donald Trump. Now a federal judge may decide whether the public will get to see  …
The official NFL app is now providing information on whether or not JJ Watt has masturbated before the game 
Twitter: Me: “Cats are cute.” Someone: “Cute?! They’re evil! They kill birds!” Someone else: “And they poo in my garden! They’re awful creatures!” Another someone else: “You’re an idiot! Dogs are better than cats!” Me: 
#ExosMicsOn For real? U guys r still questioning EXO’s vocals? No wonder you guys are called worst by other fandoms as well. Dude being popular is not equi to being talented. Not all who sing live r good vocalists. EXO can sing live n are good 
I'm sorry but BLACKPINK antis thought they did sumn but this is the lowest one they could 
What in the...??? 
As if I didn't have enough projects to work on as is! Had this picture from 2018 that I didn't figure out how to finish in color properly. Dusted it off now 2 years later and I think I'm onto something I like! #nightelf #elf #elves #worldofwarcraft #digitalpainting 
"If I looked like that I'd kill myself 
This here just proves that most men don’t know what fucking consent is. I would’ve thrown up on  …
For the Florida Fans that are sayin “The Gap is Closing...” Players Recruited in their entire HC Career Dan Mullen (12 Classes) Top 100 Players- 25 5 - 2 4 - 85 Kirby Smart (5 Classes) Top 100 Players- 43 5- 23 4- 75 ....Mullen is currently 0-3 vs Kirby as a 
Kelly Loeffler spoke at the @cobbgop breakfast this morning and did not take questions from the press or the grassroots. She is very evasive and her speeches are scripted. She takes photos with folks to use in her campaign. Why does @kloeffler run from questions ? #gapol 1 of 2
hope the universe loves you today 
Loved this The power of being a team in told first-hand by Italian women's national team who beat Australia (seen as favorites to win the tournament) 
So for my birthday Jan 4, 2020 these are the gifts I decided to purchase for myself. 
Jost , siting withe , Daddey , ande ,,,,,watsh myen, Sardineys ! an kwiet eevneng, For th 
I’m gonna unblock you for this one real quick, but chill out Mr. Codcaster of all 10s. Don’t  because you didn’t watch gameplay well enough. Also, Eagles suck chode and you guys are gonna get club sandwiched tomorrow.
No one can afford to be suprised or shocked- this was certain from day one - he’s a fascist leading a deathkult
I saw a people talked about she used to be an Ahgase and out of the fandom because our fandom is a bad fandom. I'm laughed so I tested her and tried talked shit with her, she know nothing about GOT7. Don't said that you are ahgase to make ahgase looks bad bitch
maybe twitter can't handle transparent images? lol,, but anyway this is meryl #Mother4 
The Las Vegas 
they’re servers they love to 
Truly blessed to announce that I’ve received a D2 offer from head coach @SeanEBrownSr and Frostburg State University! 
tw for talk about war, military, rape, and strong imagery, along with racial and homophobic  …
make him go crazy 
I fully expect  up with some bullshit excuse instead of upsetting Daddy Trump, because they've no bottom at this point.
my brother hasn’t texted my mom for a whole month while in Mex and this is the first text my mom receives from him 
Their eyes are my favorite gifs #Hercai • #ReyMir #Miran • #Reyyan #AkınAkınözü • 
Thank God for Nadine Lustre. She’s everything the showbiz industry needs to stand against irresponsible, mocking, liar, below the belt writers. I still hope that they get SUED tho. 
fuck everyone who sells tickets for over face value!!!!!!!! at least you were able to get tickets after waiting in line for hours :-) 
A packed house here at Shaggy’s Gourmet Burgers in Wapello, 
Low quality video but high quality content 
lawdy there's tapes...Ben Rhodes recorded all Oval Office meetings...don't  …
Interesting “pebble of knowledge” (h/t @johnsadak) heading into tomorrow’s showdown between No. 13 @KentuckyWBB and No. 22 @LadyVol_Hoops...HC Kellie (Jolly) Harper will face former teammates in UK assistants Kyra Elzy and Niya Butts. All 3 were on UT’s 1997 and 1998 title teams.
“All I know is, your carriage awaits and my maid is on her way up with something called a 
Things that you eat up Things that eat you up
Received a download today about sending healing energy to world peace + bushfires. You don't have to be a reiki practitioner to take part in it, there were instructions for those who do not practice an energy healing modality as well through mantra:  
Bernie supporters: teera nanden. Centrists: this is a hate crime
Like Kim K said you don’t put bumper stickers on a Bentley
Nobody: Me: Nobody: Me: OMG FINE I LOVE HARRY STYLES
Who all has watched “ Don’t f%ck with cats” on Netflix? Holly crap.... like damnnnn.
i still feel like  to an end and it terrifies me
When we avoid sedation in the ICU we better understand and treat pain and anxiety. I appreciate the confidence patient feedback and participation provides me when developing a plan of care. The voiceless deserve a voice. #ICU #ICUDELIRIUM #speakwithsedationsurvivors
White Christians will accuse Black believers of making their blackness an idol while whitewashing Jesus, biblical figures, and some of the early church Fathers.
Loving life tbh 
150 RT/LIKES for tonight’s tennis I have my first tennis MAX BET of 2020 Absolutely love this play, LFG
Okay but Romance is literally so AMAZING like I love it so much and sad to see it didnt get the recognition it deserved
Live!! On That Road to 1k Followers! Streaming To Nightbot and Stream Elements!! COME THRU IF YOU A REAL ONE! Big Flexing on E-Girls!! @TheRegalReserve @WDM_Gaming   
they accidentally learned pacific and suspicious at the same time
Still whining dear? Thought you'd have moved by now. And I'll be celebrating Brexit, along with my Italian partner, my half-Polish sister and her French husband. We're going to have great fun
he has the prettiest and most healing smile :(( 
If you had to torture a prisoner by playing them one song over and over again, what song would you choose?
She really an alcoholic all that cheap  …
A great look at the layout for the new Mack launched coaster heading to Suzhou Paradise Forest World in China. Quite an interesting layout.  
The world would be in so much better place if we really stan the right people... #JaDine #NadineLustre #Anuna2020Na
7 year crew! What what! 7 is the new 4. 
Big night in Winnebago hoops action. Miyah Brown sets the Girls single game scoring record with 46pts in the girls win over RB and Coach Murphy and Coach Seipts earn their 800th win of their coaching career! Big things happening in 2020!
Trump warns Iran: US has targeted '52 Iranian sites' and will 'hit very fast and very hard' if  …
Liverpool win today is the freest 2 odds you can ever wish for. Even the likes of shaqiri, origi, lallana n co are enough to see off Everton at home in Anfield
If you are freaked out by all that is happening in the world - one way you can help is by supporting @propublica to cover the news with fair, honest, hard hitting reporting that changes the  …
The GOP can’t make money off paying teachers, free healthcare, or helping the poor. Easy choice for  …
Oh  …
But like REAL fans have also either read or contributed to David & Jonathan  …
If you defend a terrorist- you’re a terrorist.
jaejoong really gave changmin a whole mom glare to eat his food when changmin tried to dodge it, and then went back to speaking to the cameraman in his honey coated idol 
I would literally vote third party if the Democrats nominated  …
Family 
Pop the Guard on that 3rd down and DW4 has time. Flaw in the Protection scheme cost the Texans. Smh.
“Little Women” was beautifully shot and I like the flashback format. My wife’s only thought: “Jo shoulda been a lesbian.” My niece’s response: “She might be.”
TLdr: An obese heir and debt salesman who is credibly accused of dozens of sexual assaults is also inclined to threaten the very sorts of collective punishments, thefts, and thuggeries that normal people with functioning cerebral cortexes call "war crimes"? No fucking shit.
Finally, the collection  
Demon tiger for today’s daily 
Nobody paid any attention to this poster till now? It's been around for about a few  …
I am cold as ice but in warm hands I'll melt
My father is in mourning - his hero Meatloaf thinks that Climate change is a hoax & lashed out at Greta Thunberg. No Chambers family road trip  without listening to the Bat Out of Hell Album on repeat for 12 hours Wgtn - Northland. I'm super disappointed in him.
I’m feeling a  on. I’m making tacos tonight.
Top 3 for One Strike at the real actual #CWQLD January Ranking Battle that we didn't do while drunk @milisdaio me hey that's me @SSBCrimson @nairiell BRACKET so you can see how sick I am  
