Come November Asian Americans need to remember #Trump put their name on this pandemic @AndrewYang needs to make sure  doesn't forget. Trump risks their lives every time he stereo types CODVID 19, make him pay.
Racist fearmongering about the coronavirus is putting Asian-Americans at risk.  
Central Asian Landscape! 
asian people who have never even been to china are getting punched in the face by random strangers because trump’s muricah. trump is the virus voting is the cure 
Rashford scores 7 pens this season &  to Mané, Salah, Son etc Son is a symbol for a nation and easily the best Asian player of all time If  Rashford to Son they know absolutely nothing about Football
Black on Asian violence is covered up a lot because it doesn’t fit the White Supremacist narrative  …
some Saturday night additions to my usual Japanese  food: - sesame oil and shaoxing rice wine marinated fresh chicken thighs - roasted garlic and caramelized sweet onion - raw honey sweetener - bok choy from Asian grocer - classic daiquiri served up in coupe glass 
It's no accident. You can read the ugly details if you're a glutton for punishment. But the right wing press has been linking #COVID19 to China at every opportunity, firing up the racists to verbally and even physically assault Asian-Americans.  …
Congress' Asian Pacific American caucus chair: It's dangerous for President Trump to call the coronavirus "the Chinese virus"  
Hey Gary Coleman, it is the Chinese virus. It came from China. Why are you blanketing the  with the nation of China's bad judgement? That addition of race seems REALLY RACIST to me...
On a bus and and a middle age white man just spat at the Asian driver. This strikes me as one of the worst things a person could do right now
COVID-19 is not the “Chinese virus." It is a worldwide pandemic. My administration stands with the  in rejecting these falsehoods and racism. Chicago’s response to this pandemic will be determined by science  not fear and bigotry.
Congress' Asian Pacific American caucus chair: It's dangerous for Trump to call coronavirus 'the Chinese virus'. Trump & #CorruptGOP are racist. They are using that term to try & point the finger at innocents. Can’t wait to see the monster fall to  …
Asian flu, Bolivian hemorrhagic fever, Ebola, German measles, Japanese encephalitis, Lyme disease, Marburg virus, Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), Pontiac fever, Rift Valley fever, Spanish flu, Venezuelan hemorrhagic fever, and West Nile virus.
93% of interracial crime is: Black on White Black on Latino Black on Asian Black on Native American Notice a pattern? If you do then follow: @colinflaherty
Super exciting to add our first Saudi Arabian #COVID19 sequence to Nextstrain! Falling near mostly other Asian sequences, it links up with a WA sequence also released today. Both individuals may have been infected by a #SARSCoV2 strain circulating in Asia - more data  …
Reading @cathyparkhong “The indignity of being Asian in this country is underreported. We have been cowed by the lie that we have it good. We keep our heads down & work hard, believing that our diligence will reward is w/ our dignity, but our dignity will only make us disappear.”
The problem with linking the virus with China is not the obviousness of its origin, but rather the contribution to stigmatize Asian-Americans, ignoring the historical background of this behavior in American society.
NO GOOD VERY BAD ASIAN on this #readinglist by @vanessa_hua @electriclit – “10 Books About Model Minorities Behaving Badly” – Get Them All!  …
those in defiant denial - if we had lockdown a few weeks back & curve had flattened like some SE Asian countries would "you see, it was all fearmongering nanny state" even if you showed them  with other nations. Same people who shout "WTO terms. Leave means leave"
So bloody true. We all are experiencing this price hike, specially in Asian shops / stores. Vultures are cashing 
so germany is testing more than south korea now, opened the floodgates of spending, and will protect national firms in case this makes them vulnerable to takeover. asian model much? (also part of the asian model: not extending that much help to its neighbors)
Asian Gourmet in Concord delivering free meals to people 70 and older. May this act of extraordinary beauty and grace be copied everywhere. 
Coronavirus: how Asian countries acted while the west dithered  …
me 10 watching jaden smith get beat up for flirting with an asian girl 
Blaming the coronavirus on Chinese food is a dangerous stereotype that puts Asian people at risk. Also, the US is by no means a beacon of food safety standards.  …
So, since I saw someone like a tweet saying, effectively, that it doesn't matter what ppl are calling the virus, bc ppl are losing their jobs: Asian Ppl are being attacked, verbally, physically, emotionally, because of it, so not fueling racism is also a priority
Today I want my first RT game cant believe im at 6.5k followers and ive still yet to have my first RT game! Which sub is going to be brave for their Mistress? • findom femdom pakistani asian muslim hijabi superior goddess domme mistress cuck sissy loser sph joi • 
Heung Min Son -Asian POTY 3x -Won Gold at the Asian Games -First Asian to score 50 PL goals -Captain of his national side -3 UCL QF goals against the Champions - 40+ G/A in 16/17 You were saying?  …
It originated in China. Calling it the Chinese virus has caused people in the United States to mistrust and mistreat their fellow citizens who look Asian. That is why it should be called by his correct name, COVID-19 or coronavirus.
Just to make it weird for Donald all news organizations should only send Asian reporters to his daily pressers.
Racist tropes about COVID-19 echo the long history of anti-Asian stereotyping  … by El Jones
THIS.. He is attempting to rebrand it so that he will have a foil, someone to blame for every one of his F*CK UPS... For the #MagaIdiots to have a racist unifier... all at the expense of #ChineseAmericans. Support your local Asian market (they have toilet paper!)  …
Thank you for reading  out May 26! We need more Asian American narratives, now more than ever! #Parachutes #Metoo #Coronaracism #SupportAsianAmericans  …
The Asian American Journalists Association is denouncing "escalating violence and rhetoric" targeting Asian Americans, including journalists, amid the #coronavirus outbreak. "harmful language persists, including repeated use of 'China coronavirus,'" group 
We need better humans. Please offer to help your Asian friends, don't let them go through this alone.  …
really want a latino.. or middle eastern.. or asian.. or black boyfriend. just not white lmao
Tips for all Asian Americans: 1. Avoid confrontation 2. In case engaged by a group of people, fight back with all you’ve got and focus on one of the them. Aim for eyes, nose, and groin. Those trash are usually cowards and once you take one down, the rest will flee.
This is what solidarity looks like. #IAmNotAVirus #COVID19 Spike Lee said that President Donald Trump needs to stop calling COVID-19 "the Chinese virus" because "he's putting Asian Americans in this country in danger."  …
Yup. I am almost 50 and a 4th generation Asian American. My only racial / sexual attacks have been by blacks.
never felt so lit being asian, everyone’s so afraid of me rn it’s awesome
Actually, it's the Asian Americans who are silent about racism against themselves who are also the ones that don't give a shit about other 
Coronavirus: how Asian countries acted while the west dithered  …
Media pushing idea Trump supporters attacking Asians over his rhetoric on #ChinaVirus; reality, left-wing DA in San Francisco lets black man who attacked Asian in hate crime off as part of restorative justice...  …
I love Black people. I love White people. I love Asian people. I love Hispanic people. I love people of all races. I love people.
Everyone knows this is the reality of what happening, but the narrative / Woke Media means all reports in attacks against Asian remain sufficiently vague that “Trunp supporters” can be imagined / read into the story.  …
i just wanted to give a shout out to all the asian gymnasts doing an amazing job in the past several years and striving for greater representation in gymnastics :) here's a thread of clips I made while quarantining to give a brief shout out to y'all 1) sunisa lee 
The Asian foods supermarket = polite, organised and with shelves full. Plenty of parks. No long lines. No one pushing. And no one gave me bad looks buying a whole lot of rice (I always buy rice in sacks but felt judged at the mainstream markets
Friends. We just hit $12.4k raised for @AAFE1974 's Small Business Emergency Relief supporting Chinese and Asian businesses during #COVID19! Would love to hit $15k today: please keep donating/resharing & hope to see you at 7pm zoom dinner! #OrderinChinatown #DumplingsAgainstHate  
The chairwoman of the Congressional Asian Pacific American caucus said it is dangerous for President Trump to continue referring to Covid-19 as the "Chinese virus" at a time when misinformation has led to racist and xenophobic attacks 
Coronavirus: how Asian countries acted while the west dithered. So many lessons that could have been learned. I hope countries that aren't yet where we are will not make the same mistakes. Never has it been more important to work together as one world.  …
While dumbasses are out panic buying & being racist, I’ve got a pantry with a lovely, appropriate amount of rice in it cuz I shop at the Asian supermarket mothaf***ers
casual racism towards asians is so normalized, that they’re just “jokes” and that makes it acceptable
Fun fact! The  living together goes far back in American History. Back in segregation times where minorities weren't allowed to shop at the all-white stores...black and  banded together and supported each other... 
Congress' Asian Pacific American caucus chair: It's dangerous for Trump to call coronavirus 'the Chinese virus'  …
The second part of Mamamoo's remix performance of HIP at 2019 MAMA (Mnet Asian Music Awards) reached 100K views! 
every one of these tweets about pantries and stocking up erases the existence of Asian immigrant families who always have a 20lb bag of rice in the house and a Costco membership  …
A pandemic, or any disaster, is no excuse for racism whether it be institutional or interpersonal. We will resist xenophobia and anti-Asian violence. 
Went to a small Chinese owned store for lunch as we went to drop off my sister at the airport. Woman was crying when my dad went in because she hadn’t had business since the start of this anti-Asian sentiment going around. Food was bomb and plentiful. We have enough for tomorrow.
If you don't think Trump's rhetoric has consequences I would like to point out my friend who makes great memes @Pleightx. The racism that he is enduring because his profile pic is obviously Asian making him a target is unacceptable. 
Congress' Asian Pacific American caucus chair: It's dangerous for Trump to call coronavirus 'the Chinese virus'  …
WATCH: George Takei says President Trump calling COVID-19 "The Chinese Virus" sends "a cold chill throughout the  because he’s sending a signal to the haters." "We have a long history of anti-Asian hatred in this country." 
Are there any studies of the efficacy of drinking/sipping a lot of hot water continuously to prevent respiratory tract infections or mitigate them once they take hold? A lot of Asian traditional medicine seems to believe something of the sort. Just hot water, nit even with stuff.
Trump and the ruling class will use racism to divide the working class, blaming people of Asian descent for this pandemic. We say NO to racism. Check up on your Asian &  and check out @APALAnational’s guide here  …
Using your logic Jamaican and Haitian food are also "cultureless". Due to slavery+colonization NEARLY ALL countries have similar cuisines. Ex: fried rice can be seen in South America, Africa and Asian cuisine. Ex2: Gumbo is present in both New Orleans and cameroonian cuisine. 
Free bag of lemons and grapefruit at Trinity Christian Fellowship, 50 S McQueen Chandler. Now. TY Asian Lion Club  …
The idea “face masks don’t work” is probably among the most harmful fake news stories being perpetuated today. I warned since the initial outbreak that masks are essential. Seeing how east asian nations managed the  to europeans who don’t wear masks says it all.
Japan is the most developed Asian country with high regard to discipline They sure do know how to manage disasters Elite nation in all ramification
especially if it's in response to an Asian person relating their story of them or a relative being targeted. what is wrong with some of you.
Black people, like all other people who were socialized in a racist society, have work to do when  our anti-Asian sentiments. Anti-racism is also for Black folks. Being Black or checking any other identity box does not inoculate you from trafficking in racism
Thank you @DebbiMichiko and @jesskimwrites for the advanced reader copy. This is a great before bed read aloud with the kid. As an Asian family I appreciate having Asian characters and authors to share with my kids, esp now. #poc #fakequitybooks 
Asian countries like South Korea, Japan, and Singapore fought the virus using test & trace Everyone got tested all the time, both virus/temp and if positive, everyone they had contact with was identified Didn’t need mass lockdowns
Maybe they mean "it's like WWII" because the government is blaming random Asian Americans instead of addressing the actual threats?
“Asians are sub-humans.They deserve the plague.” The level of hatred by far-rights groups being expressed towards Asian people suggests that these groups are”taking advantage”of the virus in order to advance their political agenda. @cjwerleman  …
Please SIGN & retweet this petition asking the Asian Parliamentary Assembly to take strict action against horrifying wildlife markets, before it's too late! @Protect_Wldlife @PeterEgan6 @_AnimalAdvocate @RobRobbEdwards @animal_leaks  …
Where’s your patriotism now? Twitter slams Mary Kom for breaking quarantine to attend President meet The boxer was to be home-quarantined after participating in the Asian Olympic qualifiers in Jordan  …
Just got off the phone with my mom. She said she was walking with her Asian co-worker when these two white boomer men on a bench said "Chinese Virus" as they walked by. I'm so glad I wasn't with them, or else I'd be in jail.
Hey Chrissie! Did you know that 2 children were stabbed in the face at a Sam's Club in Midland, TX simply because they appeared to be of Asian descent? Of course any government officials who made this crisis worse need to be held accountable, but this isn't the way to do it.
SUPPORT CHINESE RESTAURANTS SUPPORT CHINESE GROCERIES SUPPORT CHINESE BUSINESS SUPPORT ALL PEOPLE OF ASIAN DESCENT STAND UP FOR WHAT IS RIGHT
Except for one tiny little problem... You cannot give drugs like Chorloquine or Primaquine to persons of African-American, Middle Eastern, or Southeast Asian decent without a high risk of severely adverse side effects, including fatal hemolytic anemia. YOU ARE NOT A DOCTOR !!!!! 
We stand with the  and strongly condemn this new wave of ignorant, xenophobic attacks. We are all in this together folx, love & unity the only way, eh?!!  …
The official name of the virus is ‘coronavirus’. For the President of the United States, during a fearsome pandemic, to label it in a way that stigmatizes 17,320,856 Asian Americans including my kids & grandchildren, is hurtful & can put them at risk for bullying & worse
Asian countries did *real* lock downs. We’re currently embarrassing ourselves with “social distancing” In Asia the countries that did it right forced you to take your temperature to even get into stores. You were locked down. Monitored for weeks.  …
Please check out the coronavirus episode of Asian Enough w/ @skarlamangla & @jenyamato. We talk about how Asians are getting a powerful reminder that they aren't white, and look at how Asian neighborhoods suffering:  …
What a Despicable individual. I hope no-one who is Asian-American gets hurt because of his tweet.  …
kanye west in major asian fashion magazines when taylor swift was 16 btw  
Please read this piece on the difference between mitigation and suppression strategies. We must follow the example of China and other East Asian countries in stopping the virus in its tracks. Millions of lives are potentially on the line.  …
My purpose was not to criticize Italy but to point out infection growth rates in the US resembled Italy much more than S Korea or Taiwan and that the US could & should have prepared & responded to #coronavirus as these two Asian democracies did. Apologies for not being clearer.  …
1918 kansas avian flu 1918 spanish flu - origin unknown 1957 asian flu - origin china 1968 hong kong flu 1997 bird flu - origin hk 2009 swine flu - origin mexico We share the world’s resources; air, water and technology. We share the virus and patogens too. Like it or not.  …
[Vietnamese Article] V, Lisa is praised for wearing the most beautiful turtleneck sweater #LISA : With a charismatic, slim physique, Lisa is currently the Asian star favored by fashion brands. When she wearing a simple dark turtleneck sweaters, she still looks attractive 
This Is Beautiful Because It Truly Captures How Far Asian Society Has Come In  Adversity 
Oah Wow...Once again this year too Pakistan is way ahead from other South Asian Country....  …
Not  Detaining illegals before deporting is nothing like putting citizens into camps for their religion. The closest thing we've had recently is FDR putting Asian Americans into camps during WWII.
I guess the one time racism and xenophobia helps is during a pandemic. It seems most non Asians are afraid to visit an Asian supermarket, so I was able to get everything I need without a ton of people around at H-mart today. Proud to be Korean. We get shit done.
Also try shopping at small markets. Corner markets, Asian, Caribbean and Latino markets. People are all running to major stores and skipping the mom and pop shops...
"Its the parents fault" "Its Asian peoples fault" "Its young peoples fault" Quit looking for people to blame  up with a solution to the pandemic. #Covid_19
 across pts in the South  who are not self-isolating. I’m not sure they understand the symptoms. I had to translate and counsel in Urdu/Hindi to them. Could a @PHE_uk broadcast in other languages be done between news broadcasts to aid this? @rpharms ?
brb pitching my buzzfeed quiz “which nicolas cage asian gf are you? alice kim, riko shibata, vickie park, or erika koike?” 
Some Asian nations like Japan, South Korea and Singapore are very deliberate about what they want learn from Americans and what they don't want to learn. We, on the other hand, are more focused on form than substance.
Asian Americans must do away with viewing racism against certain diasporas vs favorable treatment of others in terms of fault vs innocence, when they're actually extensions of US imperialism abroad which attacks nations that refute US hegemony and praises allies that support it.
Being half Asian and easily mistaken for 100% white makes people drop their guard to start dropping “Asian/Chinese” hate. and I’m just like, alright noted...
I’m asian check 
I don’t support any Anti-Asian racism or bullying. If that’s your style you can unfollow me and go drown in your toxic waste. Signed, The Management
When CNN Is Going To Learn That There Is NO "Chinese Fobia" With Chinese-Americans CNN Kyung Lah Tells Jake Tapper That While Preparing For Her Life Shot, A Man Used An Anti-Asian Slur Against Her.  …
All Asian-Americans should be armed or at least carrying something these days !! 
Calling a virus after it’s country of origin is not racist. People thinking that all Asian folks have it because they look “Chinese” is racist. Thanks  to my ted talk.
This jackass is STILL using the racist branding "Chinese Virus" during a nationally broadcast briefing, while Asian Americans are being attacked. I'm so sick of his bullshit.
The reason Japanese, South Koreans, and other Asian ethnicities aren't explicitly targeted in the US is because your homelands are allies to the US that advance US imperialism so the refrain "don't mistake me for Chinese, don't target me" just reinforces US imperialist violence.
please stop being racist towards Asian people and saying the corona virus started all because “someone ate a bat” we all know the corona virus was created inside that mf lonestar hat
Do I look safely Cauc-Asian enough for my walk? Or do I just look like a serial (cereal) killer? #sugarpuffmonster #beingasian in this #frootloops -y times... Stay healthy and safe, everyone! 
THUGS !! I'm not kidding anymore, guys. If you're Asian-American, you need to start carrying (at the very least) MACE, a switchblade, nail clipper, knife, but preferably gun. I don't just say this because I'm from Chicago.
Now-deleted video uploaded on Instagram this week by user “jaydothemost” purports to show a group of youths in Philadelphia sucker-punching and robbing an individual who appears to be of East Asian descent. Contact @PhillyPolice if you have information. 
It was my Muslim friends who taught me the true danger of Islamic terror and not to bend over backwards to excuse it. The PRC presents huge problems for us all and we just can’t afford to worry about racism every 3 seconds. Listen to your Asian colleagues in the US here.  …
Asian nations reacted faster because they knew China was lying while Whites were gullible enough to think they weren’t
I am starting to sense that the idea of a Black, Latinx, Asian, Native or Indigenous woman  the first female Vice-President or President angers a lot of white women who proclaim to be intersectional feminists. 
Know where you won’t likely find empty shelves and long lines during this crisis? Asian grocery stores.  … via ⁦ @NY1⁩
If part of Trump’s response to the coronavirus is making the US a more hostile and unsafe place for Asian Americans, then the public needs to know the full extent to which  members are being disproportionately harmed by the admin’s response.  …
I have a Zoom call tomorrow, so I can give my Asian mama instructions on how to sew masks for hospitals. But she sewed my prom dress, school uniform, & all the latest trendy clothes we couldn’t afford — so I’m pretty sure she’s got this!  …
Black don’t crack, and apparently Asian don’t raisin.  …
The daily pressers w/ Trump should also not be broadcast in real time because Trump & others, including traitor Pompeo, continue to refer to it, deliberately & dangerously, as the "Chinese" virus. This racist description is directly threatening the safety of all Asian Americans  …
Please RT my toon about the #RacistInChief and tell him to STFU with his anti-Asian hatemongering! #coronavirus  …
Asian mums for u 
welp after the most chaotic application season ever, i have at least one spot of clarity in my life: i'm very, very thrilled to be headed to Yale to start my PhD in East Asian Languages and Literatures this fall!!! hmu with tips on life in New Haven, it's totally new to me :)
On this day in 1998, South Korea starched Thailand 92-0 at the @IIHFHockey U18 Asian-Oceania championship. Song Dong-hwan scored 30 of them #Hockey365 
@: I want to be an idol but I'm not Asian. JB: 'Not only Asians can be idol, everyone can be idol, if you have a dream, you can make it happen, i believe in that'
Been advocating for 1 source of information dissemination regarding the virus after City of HRE announced those 2 cases in the morning. @MoHCCZim announced 1 case omitting the 1 from an Asian man & deliberately refused questions from journalists. I don’t know how to feel now.
White people: forget the 5 hr long lines at Trader Joe’s and Whole Foods. Asian supermarkets like H Mart are still stocked - give them your business instead. You have all the time in the world now to learn how to make a banging laksa. Don’t let xenophobia stop u from eating!
2/ is to ensure that Americans get those checks quickly." There's a level of fear for Asian Americans because of this racial stigma attached to the coronavirus, but my mom is setting her fear aside. For 20+ years with the USPS, I've barely seen her take a vacation which is..
So Arashi is the first Asian artist to receive the best selling Global Album award from IFPI Arashi you're amazing! 
I won’t share my personal experiences with xenophobia & racism since COVID-19 on Twitter bc I think it will target me more, but I will say this: The anti-Chinese rhetoric from politicians will impact Asian Americans longer than the virus & that scares me.
woke up this morning still asian, still hot. racism is over 4ever. tr*mp is dead (caught corona from a banister). amazon paid taxes. we all have free healthcare. ur  "america"
Public figures are pushing back on anti-asian sentiment as Trump continues to call Covid-19 the "Chinese virus" 
Spike Lee tells Trump to stop calling COVID-19 the "Chinese virus," says he's putting Asian Americans "in danger"  … @curtisschin @tihuachang
Asian American students + Asian international students aka parachutes are dealing with so much #Coronaracism now, it breaks my heart. I write about what it’s like to deal w subtle & not so subtle racism in my YA debut  out May 26! Pls read 
Being Asian feels so illegal right now. The amount of evils and rude words I’ve had today and I’ve only been out for 20 mins.
Increase in violence against Asian people as Trump has kept on calling the #coronavirus the "Chinese 
this the first time I have ever heard a southern asian
an asian mother will always be an asian mother  …
the global best selling album of the year list only started in 2001. @arashi5official is the FIRST and ONLY asian musical act to make that list. 
#RepresentACon starts at 11 am EST! Get ready for some amazing #ttrpg and #dungeonsanddragons panels from Asian designers! 
It’s not just China where this happens. It’s across many Asian countries. It’s absolutely abhorrent, i can’t fathom how a human can do this to another living creature.
On day 1 of #dumplingsagainsthate, you raised $9.4k for NYC Chinese & Asian businesses hit hard by #COVID19. @ronnychieng & @PiperPerabo supported the cause & so did you. KEEP DONATING:  Let's say no to fear & yes  #savechinatown 
MOTS: 7 is the first Asian Album to debut at #1 in the Portugal Albums chart. MOTS: 7 has now #1 in 21 countries so far. #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
 no one in hf twitter ever talked about feng fan... she’s the og asian cool girl 
FDR would have almost certain thrown Asian Americans in internment camps for one thing.
please rise for the national anthem  …
Jack Ma, donated a 1.8 million masks and protective suits to the US. He’s like the wealthiest man in the world. He’s also Asian. Apparently the American government can’t take care of its own.
'Chinese Coronavirus'? Trump stoking xenophobia and violence against Asian-Americans: "We're doing our part in...caring for others," said Cynthia Choi, Chinese for Affirmative Action. "Now we have this added burden of feeling scapegoated"  …
[ #Coronavirus] This is really interesting but a missed opportunity. Asian countries (Hong-Kong, China, S'Pore...) have learned from their experience with #SARS in 2002-03: testing, quarantine.... Unfortunately, Europe and others did not take benefit from it. A pity… 
In the context #COVID19, it's important to denounce the racism experienced by people of Asian descent. We must challenge these types of behaviour and show solidarity with the people  affected by them. Be an ally, every day of the year. Ending racism,  …
During the #COVID19DC crisis, Asians and Asian Americans are experiencing illegal and hurtful forms of discrimination. Examples of illegal discrimination can include: Not providing transportation Barring entrance into a grocery store Refusing medical treatment #COVID19
Finally, thanks to Vietnam NIHE, 3 new Vietnam sequences are identical & cluster at base of a mostly Europe group. 2 other Vietnam seqs cluster with other Asian seqs, & the previous Vietnam sequence. Thanks again to all & @GISAID for open sharing! 
We need to know if the government is keeping records on the anti-Asian racism that has escalated because of the coronavirus.  …
#COVID19 situations in Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan All these Asian regions that had the #coronavirus under control are now getting hit by the "second wave" mainly due to imported cases from US/Europe. Just crazy how quickly the tide turns in such a globalized 
Asian boys in shisha lounges trynna shoot their shot across the room via eye contact  …
Grab your swim trunks! Today on #OKCZooAtTwo, go behind the scenes at the Zoo’s Sanctuary Asia habitat as Asian elephant sisters, Achara and Kairavi, take part in bath time and elephant yoga. Tune in at 2 to view! : McKae Mitchell, elephant caretaker 
Asian ChEck ‘Might delete 
South Asian governments impose coronavirus curfews, border controls  
Day 2 Who’s ready to stream ‘My Time’ and vote for #JUNGKOOK on ‘100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020’ today? Pick a side and show us your ss #TeamHardStan  … #TeamSoftStan  
Half the positive tests from 4 states: CA, WA, NY, NJ. Not coincidentally, those states are 4 of the top 6 states with Asian American population, which could explain why infection rates are higher since the disease originated and spread in parts of Asia first.
The @POTUS  hate crimes against millions of Americans. I stand in solidarity with Asian folx in the US and across this world. I denounce @realDonaldTrump #COVID19 language. It is violent, evil and false. Follow @WashTheHate and #SpreadLove y’all. #WashTheHate
Since the us moots are waking up right about now. . The asian swifties trended the hts no1 and no2... Its your job to take over now and make it the talk of the day.. #TaylorToldTheTruth #TaylorSwiftToldTheTruth #TaylorSwiftWasRightAllAlong
I hate this is happening. The racist attacks on Asian Americans across our country during the #coronavirus outbreak are as bad as the disease itself. Thanks to ⁦ @NAAAPNC⁩ for speaking out. 
ATTENTION! #MichealJRyan . @WHO World is demanding  and #Permanent #Cessation Of all #China #Asian #WetMeatMarkets #DogCatMeatTrade #BreedingGround for #Viruses #Bacteria #AntibioticResistance #COVID_19 #WuhanVirus  …
Western people must thought Asian were taught about these topics in school? I was lucky to have a better access to learn English more than lot of people here so I could search about it on the internet by myself. We weren't joking when we said we don't know.  …
Jack Ma Founder of Alibaba announced to donates 1.8m Masks, 210k test kits and 36k protective suits to Asian countries including Pakistan 
As the coronavirus outbreak sweeps through New York City, the Korean-American writer Ed Park observes a rising tide of anti-Asian sentiment. 
Some of you are truly desperate to find something dirty to expose about B/T/S and it's kind of funny + disgusting, B/T/S remain the Asian act dominating the top music charts now with stability to back it up, you're worrying the wrong "dirty tactics"
*Watches lil asian girl play guitar*
I have never heard in any discussion anywhere anyone suggesting that innocent Chinese people or Asians or citizens of Chinese or Asian descent are to be in any way confused with the government of the PRC. Never. Not once, not for a second. Ever. Period.
A 'Chinese Coronavirus'? Officials accuse Trump of stoking xenophobia and violence against Asian-Americans  …
Hey there! We hope you’re safe! We’re currently raising funds for Independent Filipino film workers who were displaced due to the lockdown. We're releasing short films from the Philippines and other southeast asian countries online that you can binge-watch from home. 
St Luke's Med Center: "State of the art healthcare" Asian Hospital: "World-class healthcare" Makati Medical Center: "Undisputed leading medical center" But for COVID-19, ALL of them called on govt to..."centralize all efforts into 1-2 hospitals INVESTED UPON BY GOVT." K*pal.
Please take some time to email the template below to Starmometer at  and help take down the  against J/M under the 100 Asian Hearthrobs list. Thank you!  …
Yes I know. When we do well we’re British. When we might do something “wrong” we’re just Asian, Immigrant, Muslim. I get it.  …
India’s health system is way way better than Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal and other south asian countries, its a fact!
seems like there is a big uptick in anti-Asian fascist propaganda on Facebook right now, those of us who are white and have white family on fb need to be there actively pushing back on it
delicious asian snack you MUST try: 
I know the most intelligent and capable south-asian mothers who have EVERY ingredient they need to pursue greatness...except for the confidence to do so.
The Burma Railway - also known as the death railway - was constructed by c.230,000 Southeast Asian civilian labourers and about 61,000 Allied prisoners of war. About 90,000 civilian labourers and more than 12,000 Allied prisoners died. 
A now-deleted video posted on Instagram by a Florida rapper shows him chasing an elderly East Asian woman and trying to squirt hand sanitizer on her. “Sanitize your ass!” he shouts.  … 
Sources say the 2 cases in Harare are as follows: 1. A man who recently travelled from the US (a non-Zimbabwean of Asian origin). 2. The son of a prominent Zimbo (for ethical reasons, I can't reveal names). But a clear pattern has emerged: immigration controls need a rethink
"The Situ-Asian" LIFTS Do you? @MartinNguyenMMA #WeAreONE 
1. NOBODY is blaming "random Asian-Americans" 2. You are purposely lying to create a false narrative 3. There is a reason you're doing this. 4. What is it?  …
Chinese businessman Jack Ma, founder of Alibaba, tweets that he will donate emergency supplies (1.8M masks, 210K test kits, 36K protective suits, plus ventilators & thermometers) to some Asian countries, including Afghanistan. 
Lockdown Cinema Club makes a lineup of Southeast Asian short films available to raise money for film industry workers affected by the #LuzonLockdown.  …
I'm an Asian American and you're the first AsAm to tell me to go back to China. I wonder which racist white guy did you learn that phrase from? Oh yeah Trump used it not too long ago. No. I'm staying here. Just to annoy rabid Trump supporters like you. Haha  …
Just stocked up on everyday groceries at the Asian supermarket. Full shelves. Everyone wearing masks. I’ve never felt safer
The way that Asian Twitter (where Taylor is very much dominant) will be able to push the CORRECT narrative during the first few hours of all these, while American locals will have no choice but to follow the “popular” (but correct) opinion when they wake up. #TaylorToldTheTruth
Asian governments  citizens to wear face masks. Is there any evidence for our western “doesn’t work”  I don’t get it, wouldn’t at least the unknowingly sick person coughing on the subway infect fewer people with a mask?  …
All the asian parents straight winning LOL they actually have a reason for us to not go out now
By popular demand, in a time when anti-Asian hate and violence are rising and Asian American arts are threatened by the COVID shutdown, we’re making The Shirt available again. Wear the original. Show your pride. Support @EWPlayers in a time of need!  
SOMEONE TOLD ME IM WHITE BC IM A TAYLOR STAN LMFAOOOOOO I'm ASIAN and a PACIFIC ISLANDER luv i didnt know that stanning and defending taylor can change my ethnicity but anyway, #TaylorToldTheTruth 
China's richest man Jack Ma to donate emergency medical supplies to Asian countries, including Sri Lanka  …
I wish this was a thing that didn’t need to be said but I guesse I still have to say that Asian folks have always had to shoulder the burden of being “model minority” while also being one of the folks that industry still insisted on making jokes about
Since the outbreak of #COVID19 hate crimes targeting asian people have been reported world-over. We denounce all such incidents! All members of our society, regardless of race or country of origin, should feel  safe and respected #IamNotAVirus 
i think olivia is so talented but i wish, deeply, that some people would stop weaponizing her asian heritage when she is white passing and when she makes jokes abt herself looking white. posing any criticism of her treatment vs sofia & dara’s as anti-asian is weird
Asian train walked through our group but gave us gum we big chilling  …
Not only that, an Asian immigrant . #TrumpVirus
Look at which South Asian country he missed out lmao.  …
the picture on the left is a bidet spray. a lot of modern asian households have that in their homes. if you don’t have it however, we use a dipper (or a tabo, in filipino) to wash our butts. there’s no need for toilet paper. 
good God asian women and black women >>>>>
Not even the head of a national Asian American GOP group is okay with Trump saying "Chinese virus" 
Well Rock M. Sakura is now eliminated from #DragRace after serving this sickening looks,,, another filipino/asian drag queen just got robbed and I'm not living for it 
yes, Marco Rubio, we actually DO want to talk about the name of the virus, because  are ACTIVELY experiencing an increase in racist attacks and discrimination from this “Chinese virus” bullshit, IN ADDITION to the health and economic effects hitting all of us.  …
Because of Trump frequently using "Chinese virus" instead of coronavirus, more and more asian people are being attacked in USA. 
Dr. Aileen San Pablo-Baviera, UP political science professor, former Dean of the UP Asian Center, and one of the country’s foremost experts in international relations and Asian and China studies, passed away at 3:55 a.m. on March 21, 2020, at San Lazaro Hospital. 
“Get in losers, we’re going coughing.” - me to my Asian friends whenever we see a white person inch away from us in public
Them my type of asian. I love it when they pretty and ghetto
Throwbacc to Asian 40 water 
The first drama I’ve ever seen my first second lead trauma and the only Asian guy I know looks hottest with beard 
Affirming Asian American quarantine show watch list: Always Be My Maybe Queer Eye Fresh Off the Boat Killing Eve Patriot Act (Hasan Minhaj) Kim's Convenience Ugly Delicious Mindy Project
"Yes, I'm Asian. And yes, I have coronavirus, but I did not get it in China. I got it in America -- in New York City," said actor Daniel Dae Kim. "I don't consider the place where it's from as important as the people who are sick and dying." 
it’s okay to be white it’s okay to be black it’s okay to be lesbian it’s okay to be asian it’s okay to be a woman it’s okay to be a man it’s okay to be straight it’s okay to be yourself but it’s NEVER okay to think that gerrit cole is better than jacob degrom
Actor @danieldaekim calls for an end to racism against Asians amid the #COVID19 outbreak. "Yes, I'm Asian. And yes, I have coronavirus. But I did not get it from #China. I got it in #America," he said in a 
I've been dealing with losing my permanent job, now working a temp job.. and its killing me. $end to your Asian Goddess to make her feel better; give me pleasure with your money. { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme } 
Hollywood slams coronavirus-related racism toward Asian Americans: 'Call it out'  …
Asian girls from the bay be like  …
ABC7 News anchor Dion Lim shares how the novel coronavirus has impacted her and the Asian  in this op-ed piece. 
So... the economy is tanking, we're all under quarantine, the future looks grim AF, and there's a virus out there that nobody agrees on the severity of... yet I'm supposed to prioritize Asian feelings? Fuck that. Stop boiling dogs alive.  …
Asian girls when they get a black boyfriend  …
asian boys be spending all their money on fear of god instead of buying supplies during this crisis, fam you worried about the wrong Essentials...
'Yes, I’m Asian. And yes, I have coronavirus. But I did not get it from China. I got it in America’ — Actor Daniel Dae Kim shut down anti-Asian racism related to COVID-19 in this Instagram video 
India tries to revive South Asian bloc to counter coronavirus, and China’s growing influence Op-ed by Sagarneel Sinha 
If you make racist or  towards Asian people because of COVID-19, use this opportunity to unfollow me promptly.
NYC is being constantly redeveloped. For years hospitals and housing have been torn down to be redeveloped into luxury apartments/condos. Investments for wealthy foreigners. Apartments for children of asian billionaires. I hear they’ve all fled NYC. 50% occupancy and no hospitals
Right now it’s particularly vital for the Church to be sensitive to the ways this pandemic is making those of Asian heritage particularly vulnerable to racist attacks.  …
Friendly reminder for those who're self-isolating, if you're gonna order food from a restaurant, order from an Asian owned restaurant. I may be anti-capitalist, but so many Asian Americans & immigrants rely on the restaurant industry for employment & many ppl are avoiding all
Medical tip for Coronavirus! If you’ve been in contact with a random Asian person and think you may have contracted Coronavirus as a result, hold your breath for an hour and die cuz you dumb as hell.
Seeing many mental health issues lately, I wanted to say my mum is a GTA psychotherapist if any of you need one! She does amazing work and is the most understanding woman I know! She also operates on a sliding scale + understands unique PoC challenges (esp South Asian ones)
On today's plate we have the MAP VIEW for #TheSims 4 Asian Adventures World Mod. It's nothing too crazy but you get the point, I'd say. :) Hope you like it! RELEASE is sooooon! 
The idea that there are foreign citizens buying goods during the coronavirus panic and selling them overseas (one mentioned by Peter Dutton)  unproven. This account appears to be a troll that's playing off these fears & encouraging this anti-Asian sentiment
Honestly love that I built my career, had a brief but successful run, gained a small following,,, and now I've gone rogue by talking  on social media and the same ppl who loved my work 2 years ago bc they saw it as Asian representation hate me for being a tankie
With Deputy Foreign Minister @nab_mn at a video conference held by China on prevention & control of #COVID19 yesterday. Some 200 government officials, health experts & representatives from 19 countries in the European-Central Asian region & South Asia attended the conference. 
Is this the same Hollywood that casts Black People as pimps, prostitutes, gang members, drug dealers, drug addicts, etc? #ADOS Hollywood slams coronavirus-related racism toward Asian Americans: 'Call it out'  …
A former dean of the UP Asian Center, Baviera was one of the few eminent women in her field and a defender of the Philippines' rights in the South China Sea.  …
My former professor in the Asian Studies program at the University of the Philippines when I first came to the country as a Rotary Scholar has passed away from the coronavirus. Starting to hit close to home.  …
It was reported that the CAPTCHA stopped working. Seems like how it's once again working. Please go vote if you were not able to before I vote #Jungkook of South Korea for #100AsianHeartthrobs2020 Asian  …
If you make racist or  towards Asian people because of COVID-19, use this opportunity to unfollow me promptly.
Asian American and Pacific Islander groups have launched a reporting tool for people to report coronavirus-related racist acts. 
READ: UP Diliman announces that Dr. Aileen Baviera, Professor and former Dean of UP Asian Center and an expert in Chinede studies, has died this morning from severe pneumonia caused by COVID-19. | via 
The former dean of the University of the Philippines Asian Center died at the San Lazaro Hospital early morning of March 21.  …
“In Asian countries that initially faced the gravest risk from the coronavirus, the shambolic U.S. response to the pandemic has elicited confusion, horror and even a measure of pity.” ⁦  …
I feel like if a bunch of Asian people are saying something is racist against Asian people you should probably listen and try to understand why
The former dean of the University of the Philippines Asian Center passed away on Saturday due to pneumonia caused by COVID-19. 
Trump has these ignorant yahoos thinking they can only get his “Chinese Virus” if  in contact with a Chinese person. Or any Asian person.
This pandemic just hit close to home. My ex-boss & mentor died from #COVID19 related pneumonia. The Philippines has just lost its leading academic on China and PH-China relations, former UP Asian Center Dean Dr. Aileen Baviera. I would be fuming angry but I am still in shock.
This was a response to a post about my grandpa & dumplings. DUMPLINGS . Sadly Asian-Americans have increasingly  victims of verbal attacks (and even physical). Aaaand then we get more hate for speaking up against it. 
BREAKING: UP Diliman confirms the death of a professor and former Dean of the UP Asian Center due to severe pneumonia caused by the coronavirus disease. | via 
asian person: *coughs* everyone within a 5 mile radius 
UP Diliman reports its first COVID-19 victim today Dr. Aileen S.P. Baviera, prof and former dean of Asian Center. Huhu rest in power po!
Dr. Aileen S.P. Baviera, professor and former Dean of the UP Asian Center and one of the country's foremost sinologists, passed away today, March 21, 2020, at San Lazaro Hospital due to severe pneumonia caused by COVID-19. | via UP Diliman on Facebook 
Stephen Colbert Argues 'Chinese Virus' Is Racist. Let's Revisit His Jokes While he’s lecturing the country on anti-Asian racism, let us not forget Colbert’s frequent habit of exploiting Asian stereotypes for laughs back on basic cable.  …
Senator, Asians and Asian Americans have been harassed and assaulted because of the virus. President's Trump's name for the virus only fuels bigotry and puts people's lives in danger. We're not arguing just about a name. We're fighting for our right to exist free from racism.  …
twitter got these bitches makin racist  bout me bein asian. y’all gotta stop pumpin these bitches heads 
Asian Americans are experiencing a Diet Dr Pepper version of what Black Americans have been going thru for 400 years. While i do feel bad for them, this will be over as soon as the coronavirus is under control.
Julie Andrews is an Asian American icon don't make me explain this bc it's just true
So hot, Asian, and disabled #DisabledAndCute #HighRiskCovid19 #COVID19 #COVIDー19 #SuckItAbleism  … 
“Yes, I'm Asian. And yes, I have coronavirus, but I did not get it in China. I got it in America -- in New York City," said actor Daniel Dae Kim. "I don't consider the place where it's from as important as the people who are sick and dying." 
Asian wrestlers ordered to stop spewing green mist in people’s faces  … #SocialDistancing
Never had I felt so strongly about something to write an op-ed like this. Thank you @sfchronicle for allowing me to use my voice and to @abc7newsbayarea for championing me to be a voice for others. Especially in the Asian   
Yet another white lefty trying to white splain what racism is... Do better. As an Asian I'm offended by your offense on my behalf. Its like highjacking my victimization of the past for your politics. You're re victimizing Asians.  …
The Asian restaurant Xenophobia is wild, y’all missing out on quality General Tso’s and wontons over ignorance? Can’t relate
Yeah, so calling COVID-19 the Chinese virus inflicts unnecessary fear and violence towards pretty much all Asian people. Hate crimes increase during panic and that’s why it’s REALLY important to take what you say and do into consideration.
my dad was walking on the streets and these teens kept yelling “coronavirus” at him :/ please respect your  at this time. there is a lot of prejudice going around that  unnecessary. stay safe and respectful <3
Nice try libtard. How can I be “anti-Asian” if I support Juche?
I have heard similar stories from other Asian Americans during this pandemic. There is no place for this. None. Thanks for your good work reporting  …
I really appreciate highlighting the amazing acts of generosity in our industry right now but it is also not the time to continue erasing the Black, Asian and disabled artists/orgs putting in the work too. Please. Including @tiatafahodzi @NMHIBUIsHere @SubaDasDirects @amahra_  …
#SFSU Asian American Studies Chair Russell Jeung is tracking incidents of discrimination against Asian Americans related to the coronavirus pandemic. He hopes the data help will secure funding for a campaign against racism.  
Deplorable A man walked up to @KyungLahCNN hurling a racial slur She said: “That is something that I have not experienced in a very, very long time in this country.” This anti-Asian bigotry is on you @realDonaldTrump. Stop calling it the Chinese 
BC government issues warning for Asian giant hornets in Metro #Vancouver  
Hate crimes are on the rise against Asian Americans. Report them at the site below. Inputs are anonymous. Prevalence of attacks have dramatically increased. 
Read the article and not just the headline. It’s not Black people’s responsibility to end anti-Asian racism  … via @RaceBaitR
COVID-19 is not an excuse to be racist or xenophobic towards Asian Americans. We created this movement to take back our narrative. Join the movement and share ur story with us. @BurntRiceBunch 
This Asian is laughing at your “woke” white ass. You are making it WORSE for us by constantly making us “victims”...STFU buffoon.  …
Hi. Take a sec to check in on your Asian American friends and colleagues. Racism won’t go away even if a pandemic does. How we treat our  will go in the history books too.
Asian Da Baddest She The Cutest 
I always knew I was white! But people kept identifying me as Asian. So glad I know now that I’m white because I’m a fan of @ZubyMusic 
I don’t know why Asians  with this ‘nOt AlL AsIaNs’ energy when it’s known that anti-blackness is well-embedded in the   …
We are not diseased. We are not scapegoats. We are not a virus. We are Asian-Americans tired of the anti-Asian sentiment from COVID-19. Tell your story and join the collective of pan-asian youth retaking our narrative. 
A reminder we had an Asian flu epidemic in 1958 that killed 116,000 Americans. And America had a much smaller population at the time. Yet, America did not panic. That America is long gone.  …
Asian American and Pacific Islander groups have launched a reporting tool for people to report coronavirus-related racist acts. 
Our survival depends on one another & we choose solidarity over scapegoating! Asian folks are being attacked, fired, harassed. Support working-class Asian migrant & refugee families:  . x Kayan Cheung-Miaw 張嘉欣 + @fwdtogether. #coronavirus 
Today a CNN reporter was confronted by an angry white guy b/c she has Asian roots. Rump is escalating this problem calling it a Chinese Virus, which he doesn't regret! This sort of thing hasn't happened to her since she was a child. Dear GOD, do something about him!! KARMA, pls?  …
Adversity shows up charachter flaws Labour, sniping, point scoring, sneering, criticising etc. As people suffer & die Asian shopkeepers, profiteering of people who are panicking Media, scaremongering for viewing figures, sniping, criticising True Brits support each other
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be lesbian its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it’s NEVER okay to think Kirk Cousins is better than Matthew Stafford
The cast is voiced entirely by actors of South Asian descent, including @jameelajamil, @kalpenn, @harikondabolu, @BecauseImFreida and  …
I've been feeling disoriented for weeks now, unable to write, think, process. Today, I facilitated a call w/ South Asian, Muslim, Arab advocates + did an interview for my @solidarity_is podcast - and was reminded that building + healing  is a balm for a weary spirit.
“This latest wave of xenophobic animosity toward Asian Americans should not be normalized or encouraged by public officials…” Important @USCCRgov statement expressing concern over the growing anti-Asian racism and xenophobia during the #COVID19 crisis.  
Standing in solidarity with all Asian Americans. We have been here before — Sikhs, Muslims, Arabs & South Asians have survived waves of hate and racism since 9/11 (and long before). We stand together now as one. #RevolutionaryLove #SeeNoStranger  …
UPDATE UAE #coronavirus deaths a 78-year-old Arab national who died from a heart attack and and an Asian expat, aged 59, who was suffering from heart disease and kidney failure 
There’s so much racism against Asians being shown right now and the vegans wanna talk about how “what they eat is wrong” why are you singling out Asian foods when you think consuming any animal is morally wrong huh
I went to get some Italian food for lunch. This Asian  in with a mask on. While we’re ordering he says “I’m not sick, I just have elderly parents so I have to be careful.” And the fact that he even had to explain that was kinda heartbreaking.
US Department of Defense: Defense Secretary Esper spoke with his Indian counterpart, Defense Minister Rajnath Singh over the phone today. Secretary Esper expressed his appreciation for India's leadership in coordinating #COVID19 related relief efforts among South Asian countries.  
Dear Racists: It was your white supremacist president who, up until last week, had been lying to you about the deadliness of COVID-19. Not China, not your Asian-American neighbors, and not the liberal media. It was Donald J Trump.  …
520 N Michigan: caller says she witnessed an Asian female spray a female White w/ some kind of disinfectant. #ChicagoScanner
CNN's Kyung Lah describes her experience with anti-Asian racism while reporting on coronavirus  
When she brings home the man she wishes to marry how many Asian aunties are going to say "ok, but he's no Rishi Sunak is he?!"
My white American friends are afraid of getting sick, losing their loved ones, or going stir-crazy. My Asian American friends are afraid of getting hate crimed. It's a scary time. Please take care of one another.
Worried about the increase in racist attacks against Asian Americans? 1) Make a safety plan 2) Report it, or 3) Document it here 
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be lesbian its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it’s NEVER okay to think that Sam Darnold is better than Josh Allen
Omg??? A movie with a lead asian male who’s gay, in a relationship with a black gay male, trying to discover his identity ???? Omg SIGN ME THE FUCK UP! Yessss!!  …
The head of an Asian American GOP group says @realDonaldTrump should stop calling #coronavirus the "Chinese virus." Guess not 100 percent of Asian Americans are okay with this, as Trump claimed.  …
And that's ON biggest asian act of all time and.biggest group in the world #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
Jake Tapper: If you are stupid and racist enough to be holding random individuals of Asian decent responsible for a pandemic, then you should be self-quarantining from society anyway. So that's what I have to say to that idiot.  …
Violence and hate against Asian Americans? @qpark has one 
is there anyone actually doing this? as far as i’ve seen, it’s been people blaming the chinese government, not random asian-americans  in contact with.  …
In conclusion onyx loves the jellies from the Asian market 
every east asian person in a western country rn: 
Saying it's racist to blame the Chinese Communist Party for coronavirus is like saying it's racist to hold the Khmer Rouge accountable for their atrocities, just because they happen to be Asian.
Spike Lee tells Trump to stop calling COVID-19 the "Chinese virus," says he's putting Asian Americans "in danger"  …
We must stand united against all forms of bullying, hate speech or micro aggressions directed toward our Asian American students, staff, families and neighbors. Full statement: 
FUCK Sacramento Bee @sacbee_news for posting this racist map pointing out Asian American populations in Sacramento. Posting API populations during a time of Yellow Peril is deliberately promoting violence. This is no coincidence, really, go fuck yourselves. You’re cancelled. 
Apparently there is a "firey debate" going on in PoC lib twitter about how its not woke to be against anti-asian racism and be against racial xenophobia because other groups suffer more?? What in the Mao Zedong have liberal academics done to people's brains???
In 1900, Honolulu's Chinatown was burned after officials blamed a plague outbreak on Asian immigrants. Misleading references to #COVID19 as a #ChineseVirus today are part of a long—and dangerous—history of racializing epidemics to fuel xenophobia and  …
“Acts of violence against Asian Americans will not stop the spread of this virus." 
ASIAN CORNER SHOP OWNERS. PLEASE STOP PROFITEERING. ALSO WHITE BRITISH OWNERS IF YOUR DOING IT. HOWEVER, IT SEEMS MOST EVIDENCE MOST PEOPLE SAY ITS ASIAN CORNER SHOPS. STOP IT! THIS IS NOT THE BRITISH WAY. WE NEED TO COME TOGETHER TO BEAT THE CHINESE FLU THAT CAME FROM CHINA.
STOP CALLING CORONAVIRUS THE CHINESE VIRUS! The careless words being perpetuated by the president are RACIST and are putting Asian American lives in danger. We can be better than this. 
(Remember when I said if you remain silent while Trump trashes Latinos, that eventually you’ll be next? Given Trump & co’s insistence on calling coronavirus the “Chinese” virus, Asian Americans are up next. Denounce racism against ALL people ALL the time)
I never heard  about the term 'Spanish flu' even though it originated in Asia, was brought to Europe by Asian workers, then spread across the European continent faster than #CoronaVirus It is what it is. And it came from  …
white people are so mad over coronavirus and acting like asian people are dirty when the bubonic plague literally happened . some of yall have not changed your hygiene habits that much since then . go wash your ass
I think things can be racist without having racist intent. I think there are also documented explanations as to why calling it “Chinese virus” is problematic to Chinese and Asian people.
First Asian PM? I can see it... huge moment for him & he rose to it.
If the media were doing their job, this would be the story: The President of the United States is putting lives at risk during a global pandemic by inciting violence against Asian Americans. 
Oh nowwwwww white people in nyc suddenly ‘discover’ Asian supermarkets
. FAKE NEWS - - ABC's "NIGHTLINE" INVENTS FAKE "ASIAN HATE OUTBREAK" / BLAMES TRUMP ABC FakeNews' Nightline Show Fabricates 'Hate Outbreak' Against Asian Americans ... and Blames Trump .  …
Pals, @PiperPerabo endorsed #DumplingsAgainstHate & this is only two hours into our campaign! We just passed $1000 > Please donate & help support Chinese & Asian businesses in NYC. They need our support in the face of #COVID19! @azhang852 @kevinlwei   
My cloffice setup as we attempt to podcast during a pandemic. Please check out Asian Enough’s special coronavirus episode with the brilliant @skarlamangla  
The B.C. government is warning residents that Asian giant hornets, which first appeared on Vancouver Island last year, could return this spring and summer.  …
So important to stand with and for our Asian friends  and no one more than the phenomenal woman @aijenpoo  …
im not making any new asian friends after college, we been knew the racism was there behind closed door & if you didn’t.. now u do. 
How did Madonna obtain the face of a teenage Asian girl?
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be lesbian its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it’s NEVER okay to think AFC > NFC
Hey folks..people are getting assaulted and harassed and targeted just for being Asian. Be a good ally. It helps.  …
Yeah. I saw  It’s only going to get worst. Asian Americans are at serious risk as well. I think with everyone focused on the pandemic part, we aren’t dealing with the “oh right, folks are about to lose their shit” part.  …
FYI, plenty of tp, eggs, milk, meat at Saraga off 38th, along with the most interesting and well-stocked produce section in Indiana. Try your local Asian or Mexican grocery too. Branch out a little, friends.
Yes Rishi Sunak is impressive, but remember - thinking all Asian men are polite and really good at maths is a lazy stereotype.
Seriously, the press needs to start throwing shoes at Trump and any other official who uses the phrase “Chinese Virus” or any type of attack on Asian cultures. Not a flimsy shoe either, a really heavy and solid one, so it’ll knock some sense into these a$$hats. 
In super conservative NYC, this obvious Trump supporter attacked an Asian man.  …
I'm sad about how simple it is to illustrate the lack of #COVID19 testing & contact tracing in the US - the precise way to curb transmission, according @WHO & shown by Asian countries. In this case, some of my favorite scientists to talk with are affected.  …
Film Casting Opportunity: we are looking for a child age 8 yrs of East, South or South East Asian heritage for a lead role in a confidential studio film for director Gareth Edwards. Please get in touch #opencasting #castingcall #kidscastingcall 
Asians are experiencing racism in the wake of the Coronavirus, and hatred & violence are encouraged when people call it the "Chinese Virus." Call it what it is, a global pandemic, and let's unify in support of our phenomenal  
We condemn any and all anti-Asian, anti-Chinese and xenophobic rhetoric and violence. We rise together and stand for racial solidarity. Join us. #StopTheSpread #RacialSolidarity 
I'm open to hearing further explanation but his  that he gets news from Asian sources that somehow only he had access to it folly.  …
Being the only Asian American family in my predominantly White neighborhood, I like to go outside in the morning and assert my dominance by coughing violently so that these motherfuckers don’t try me. IM TALKING TO YOU DAVID STOP EYEING ME WHEN I GET MY MAIL BITCH.
China is a location. Asian is a race. Got it?!! Is this so difficult to understand?! Or does the media have another reason for their stupidity. 
It is incredibly disturbing to see a rise in anti-Asian #hatecrimes as a result of #coronavirus fears. It is good though that @OCANational & other groups  together to create a site for people to report these hate motivated  …
Asians are experiencing a new wave of racism in the wake of #COVID. The highest levels of office encourage hateful narratives. It’s up to us to stop it. Unprecedented threats call for unprecedented solidarity. Let’s support our phenomenal  We’re in this together. 
Not at all. Tusker is elephant who has big tusks, male. Non tusker male called as Makhna. We rarely have tusks in Asian female elephants, but they have small called as Tushes. In African elephants both male & female have tusks, quite large also. Thought to clear misconception.  …
Freida Pinto, Utkarsh Ambudkar and Kal Penn lend their voices to Disney's new animated show "Mira, Royal Detective," set in a fictional kingdom in India and featuring an all-South Asian cast 
Stop disseminating Trump’s anti-Asian hate. Stop reflexively reprinting his racist nicknames for the virus. Hell, stop airing his lie-filled press conferences altogether. 
asian women truly my weakness. they just fine for no damn reason
Anyone defending this either has a huge lack of empathy towards the  or is ignorant enough to think it wont impact them ''But it's to spread awareness of where it came from'' newsflash nearly everyone already knew it came from China + THE VIRUS ALREADY HAD A NAME
Not to mention the third pandemic originating in China in the last 63 years. Asian Flu Pandemic, 1957, Hong Kong Flu Pandemic,1968, & this SARS-CoV-2 causing COVID-19. #ChinaPandemic3. From a China virus. It’s SAR-CoV-2 , a -2, because SARS-CoV was also a China Virus.
Do you like The Godfather? Have you ever wanted it to be more fantastical? More Asian? To have more women in prominent roles? To have magically powered martial arts? This books has all of that and MORE, and the sequel is even better.  …
Your president is jeopardizing the LIVES and safety of Asian Americans.
Asian-Anglophone voices in this time are integral to keeping COVID-19 discussion relevant  Working on an op-ed piece, "Orientalism in the Age of COVID-19," that grapples with today's newly activated Yellow Peril rhetoric. Hit me up if you want to know more!!
We must condemn anti- #Asian racism and #racism in any form. #Antiracism and #solidarity are needed now more than ever.
Growing up as the only Asian kid in an all-white neighborhood, I was called every racial slur under the sun especially during the summer when I had darker skin because of a my tan. If you’re not white it doesn’t matter to them. They just want to hurl any insults your way.
If you've been waiting for the  moment in modern history to buy books, this award-winning epic urban fantasy Asian gangster family saga with magic jade-fueled martial arts, heartbreaking siblings, political intrigue and clan war is the Kindle Daily Deal today.  …
Most viewed artists on global YouTube 15. Nicky Jam — 12.8 billion 16. @BTS_twt — 12.4 billion gap: 369.8M BTS is the only Asian act in top 35 of this list #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards
THE CORONAVIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE FOR ANTI-IMMIGRANT BIGOTRY. THE CORONAVIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE FOR ANTI-ASIAN BIGOTRY. THE CORONAVIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE FOR PROFITEERING. The Trump admin & its enablers in Congress must be held accountable for exploiting this pandemic. Shameful.
Hate and xenophobia are spiking across the U.S. Asian-Americans, immigrants, and others are being targeted amid the coronavirus crisis.  hate crimes, our nation must take action. Join us in urging Congress to pass the NO HATE Act.  …
Calling it “Chinese Virus”: gets more people tested provides hospitals with ventilators  to respond is a more accurate name endangers Asian Americans by stoking fear and anger (according to the CDC)  …
Assemblywoman @yuhline says over the last month she’s heard of countless incidents of racism toward Asian-Americans - people being called racial slurs, attacked for wearing protective masks in public & people even being sprayed with chemicals. @SPECNewsAlbany 
Asian girls when Boris Johnson puts the UK on lockdown and creates a 7pm curfew 
Researchers Are Learning How Asian Elephants Think—in Order to Save Them 
Pompeo is racist. Asian Americans are being discriminated, threatened & assaulted due to anti-Chinese rhetoric they’re spewing. This is why they’re using this term. That & they think by blaming China/Chinese, it takes responsibility of their  off of their shoulders  …
Asians are experiencing racism in the wake of the Coronavirus, and hatred & violence are encouraged when people call it the "Chinese Virus." Call it what it is, a global pandemic, and let's unify in support of our phenomenal  Be kind, wash your hands, stay strong. 
#Pompeo just used Chinese Virus. This is a coordinated racist effort by the Trump White Nationalist Party to demonize Asian people. Hitler chose the same path against Jews. Don't tell me not  them to Nazis until they Fukking stop acting like Nazis. #COVID19 #China
“Yes, I’m Asian. And yes, I have coronavirus. But I did not get it from China, I got it in America. In New York City" #Coronavirus  …
His other lieutenants have taken to calling it the “Chinese virus” as well. Hard to see how many Asian-Americans don’t abandon the Republican Party after this performance.  …
While he’s lecturing the country on anti-Asian racism, let us not forget Colbert’s frequent habit of exploiting Asian stereotypes for laughs back on basic cable. 
Dear @marcorubio: I agree we need to help Americans who lost their jobs. That’s why I think the $1 trillion plan by GOP is far too small. Needs to be $2-3 trillion. Also, I don’t care what you call the virus. But I do care if your words increase hate against Asian Americans.  …
Can you imagine being an American of Asian descent living in a red(neck) state, surrounded by MAGAt neighbors who’ve heard @realDonaldTrump’s “Chinese Virus” dog whistle loud and clear as if it’s open season on anyone looking Asian?  …
Municipalities in Turkey are removing or blocking off park benches to encourage folks to #StayAtHome during the #coronavirus outbreak. This is from Uskudar on Istanbul’s Asian shore  …
If you’re stupid and racist enough to blame random Asian-American people for the coronavirus pandemic then you need to self-quarantine yourself out of society anyway.
A Filipino tests positive for COVID-19 in South Korea. This is the first confirmed case of the viral disease involving a Filipino in the East Asian country. 
"There are more important things than what we call a virus." Tell that to the millions of Chinese & other Asian folks who know their history & remember how quickly we've been Othered & targeted for xenophobic racist violence. What we name things matter.
Just to recap: we have an impeached US President actively refusing to coordinate basic logistical support on both the State and Local level + at least two US Senators profited from pandemic insider  …
On today’s bonus episode of Asian Enough from the @LATimes, health reporter @skarlamangla joins me + @frankshyong to talk about talking to your parents about #coronavirus, its impact on the Asian  & the rise of COVID-19-related discrimination: 
It’s racist to call it the Chinese coronavirus. It’s now everywhere and affects everyone. If the purpose of adding “Chinese” to something is to blame them for a virus that originated there, when no Asian Americans had anything to do with it, it’s racist.
#MGBookMarch So for my #ownvoices book, I couldn’t just pick one. I decided to boost Asian-American authors to share some positive energy! I love these characters and stories so much, whether the stories are real or imagined! + 
This is not the Chinese Coronavirus. It’s the Trump virus. China did not create it and calling a virus that has  a global pandemic the “Chinese virus” is racist scapegoating that does nothing but blame people of Asian descent and put them at risk. 
Political leaders should speak out against this resurgence of anti-Asian bigotry:  …
THE EMPRESS OF SALT &  out *next week*! a love letter to asian historical fantasy and diaspora feelings and the power of beating back your sleeves and sinking into intimate obeisance to express your love and fealty. you can pre-order here:  …
Today, we’ve released a bonus edition of Asian Enough, our new podcast about being Asian American. In this episode hosts @jenyamato & @frankshyong discuss coronavirus and its impact on the Asian  
the amount of people on my TL blaming this virus on asian people when in reality it was italian & american people that spread it around the world is actually unsettling
President Trump’s use of the phrase “Chinese virus” is spreading violence against Asian-Americans, some of whom are suffering hate crimes because of this rhetoric. Pres Trump must stop spreading xenophobia & instead focus on protecting the health & safety of all.  …
You can say this virus originated in China without calling it the Chinese Virus sorry but it IS a racist term when people are starting to attack Asian families and no longer support their business
We need to  anti-Asian racism Resources to Address Coronavirus Racism organized by @chinotronic
Y'all if you're still in a mood to give, please check out our fundraiser for a DC-based South Asian elder in need of support through #COVID19! In DC, new emergency relief measures don't cover undocumented folks  support is  …
Sure. It’s not your family getting PHYSICALLY ATTACKED for being Asian. And you’re just a senator. Why should you care?
Some people don’t like that their Asian family members are being attacked. But keep mocking them. Go on.
Meet our Critically Endangered Asian forest tortoise. Seems like a good day to (...slowly) explore!  – at Reptile House
My local Thai restaurant is hurting big time so we ordered enough food so we would have leftovers for a few days. Consider ordering enough food to have over a couple days from your local Asian restaurants as racism and xenophobia are definitely impacting them.
How did ur feelings on running for President work for U?! Ur feelings were WRONG about that & your feelings once again is WRONG about this! I along with my many fellow Asian American Voted Trump 2016 & WILL Vote Trump 2020! Why? Because Trump is for ALL Americans!  …
Racism is resulting in violence against people of Asian descent. People are losing their jobs. Both of these things can be true and addressed simultaneously.   …
This guy called me Asian virus and said that Donald Trump had said so. It happened around 22-23rd/L-M st in Washington DC and he was calling the other Asian lady names too... Hope someone bitch slap this coward on my behalf. 
every Asian person I know has made some version of the dark joke that it might be safer for us to stay inside
cosplayers really out there "cosplaying" an extremely racist gijinka of a deadly virus for attention while i'm  calling me a monkey with coronavirus for just being asian and cosplaying is really cool. that's cool and fun.
“Please, please stop the prejudice and senseless violence against Asian people. Randomly beating elderly, sometimes homeless Asian Americans is cowardly, heartbreaking and it’s inexcusable.”  …
#RacismIsAVirus. If you agree, post a pic yourself & share this hashtag to get it trending. Asians & Asian Americans are experiencing prejudice, violence and hate crimes because of 45’s hateful rhetoric. We shouldn’t stand for it. 
Many Asian Americans live here because they wanted out  China and they have no problem with President Trump calling out the origin of the Virus which is why he calls it the China virus.  …
"Coronavirus: Asian American  hate crime reports as Trump persists in 'Chinese virus' attacks"  …)
It's my birthday, and I have a gift for the  and esp. my Asian Reylos. This story is very personal one for me. Hope you enjoy! the red thread of fate oneshot (5314 words), rated T  #reylofic #reylofanfic 
Dear Asshole Ruffalo, When you suffer from #TrumpDerangementSyndrome it’s hard to see straight. Learn geography. China is a place not a race. Asian is a race. #ChineseVirus #ChinaLiedPeopleDied Shut your fucking elitist pie  …
Looks like men are dying 2:1 over women with COVID-19. Why is that? Asian and Italian men are much more likely to smoke heavily as women as it is seen as macho.
7/ And no, labeling it Chinese is not just factual; it's not merely about noting its origin. First, it is having an impact that is racist: people across the country are reporting anti-Asian bias being directed at them in the wake of this. That is not a coincidence...
Any Asian American who is not outraged by the deadly actions of the Chinese govt Needs to wake up  …
Spike Lee criticises Trump for ‘putting Asian Americans in danger’  …
People are actually attacking Asian people (not just Chinese) over this, which isn’t a thing that happens over Chinese food and you know this. This isn’t a fight over whether we can ever use certain adjectives.
Yes because giving racist nicknames to the virus contributes to the hate, discrimination, and hate crimes towards Asian people who are also suffering economically due to the virus. It’s possible and easy to care about more than one thing at once.  …
It's not only Asian-Americans who will be victimized by Trump's attempt to blame China for his failure  …
Airborne AIDS Asian Ailment Asian-American Virus Asian Contagion Asian Microinvasion Bamboo Shoot Poops Batbola Bat-Man Virus Bat SARS Bat Soup Boogaloo Bat Soup Croup Bat-Soup-in-Mouth Disease Bat Su Pneumonia Beijing Bronchitis Beijing Bug Beijing Bung Lung Black Pepper Death
Yeah historically it doesn't go so well for Asian-Americans when people are being laid off and the media keeps implying it's our fault  …
"Reports of anti-Asian violence are on the rise along with white nationalist rhetoric about the coronavirus on social media and far-right websites..."  …
I knew it was just a matter of time b4 the left fabricated racism of Asians as a “victim group”. It’s despicable BS. In my  we ALL know where the fault lies-CHINA. No one has felt threatened by fellow Americans.
Donald Trump has weaponized the Corona Virus by calling it the Chinese Virus. This has lead to a spike in hate targeting the  If you want to push back, I hope you’ll consider buying my book, American Hate. It charts a way forward during dark times like these.
IMPOTUS changed his speechwriter’s use of ‘coronavirus’ to ‘Chinese virus,’ in an apparent bid to increase anti-Asian hatred. Of course, the only aspect of all this that’s even slightly surprising is that Trump managed to spell ‘Chinese’ correctly.  …
Yeah, talk to some Asian families. Stop condoning racism.  …
the most heartbreaking grub street diet yet: “My staff was concerned that they would get jumped or beat up by some random people because they’re Asian. That, for me, is more scary than anything else.“  …
I dont understand how stating fact is racist. This doesn’t mean the Chinese people are responsible or Chinese/Asian Americans should be targeted. The Chinese Government is in fact responsible and the only people bringing more attention to China are the irresponsible members of
Singapore to stop #COVID19 without lockdowns, Singapore is a relatively small country with a more manageable  to it’s SE Asian neighbors and has one of the best healthcare standards in the world #coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak  …
How about a little historical perspective, dear? The Black Plague 1347-1353 Spanish Flu 1918 -1920 Asian Flu 1956 -1958 HIV/AIDS 1981 - continuing Would you still like me to call a manager for you?
The Coronavirus Crisis: Enter the Far-Right | Will conspiracies sowing division and hate by blaming the Coronavirus pandemic on Chinese and Asian people be part of Donald Trump’s 2020 re-election strategy? Asks  …
I said before i dont need the money. But if u were to grant me some money. Ill donate it to my ex bro in law that got beat up on the subway just for being asian due to the coronavirus. Thanks
PEOPLE LOSE THEIR JOBS BRUH, Asian people were harassed, and received so much hate. and people are dying out here. But you wanna cosplay for a piece of clout.
Exclusive: New poll shows Asian American voters could give Democrats a big boost in 2020 battleground districts  … #SmartNews
Mia Katigbak, who founded The National Asian American Theatre Company with Richard Eng in 1990 “kicking and screaming,” has created a leading theatre of classics, new plays, and adaptations—all featuring Asian American casts. via @playbill  …
I’d urge everyone to go to your local Asian supermarkets & shops & get photographic/video evidence of stockpiling & price hiking, then report them to trading standards.
Even people who are in the circle of my friends have been beat up, harassed on the street simply for being Asian and accused of spreading Coronavirus. My friends and I are scared to even wear masks in public because of potentially  victims of hate crime.
Just a quick message to all the Asian shopkeepers in my city of Derby & all elsewhere the UK Kind Regards Cllr Ajit Singh Atwal !!! 
“Yes, I’m Asian. And yes, I have coronavirus. But I did not get it from China, I got it in America. In New York City" 
That's pretty funny... Democrats defending China--the number one enemy of the U.S., and the origin of the virus came from their bio-weapons lab in the Wuhan area. Calling it the Chinese Virus is just a factual term, no different than the Spanish Flu, Hong Kong or Asian flu.
I feel like you are #CCP asset or RMB lover As an American Asian , I am telling you all my related and friends supporting America and vote for whoever fight the #CCP #ChineseVirus ! NOT LIKE YOU ONLY COWARDS BE THE DEMS PAWN BETRAYED YOR SUPPORTERS! #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
The Coronavirus Crisis: Enter the Far-Right @cjwerleman explores how conspiracies sowing division and hate by blaming the Coronavirus pandemic on Chinese and Asian people may well be part of Donald Trump's 2020 re-election strategy  …
People know Asian families who've been laid off, their families struggling, their business faltering, who are being victimized by public hate like we're in the 3rd Reich. We're arguing against racism. You are minimizing & normalizing it. Got a Bible verse to go with that?
Riva Hi Way, a baby Asian elephant calf born last month at Chester Zoo, plays in the sand alongside her mother 15-year-old Sundara Hi Way. #chesterzoo 
Asian people are getting bloody beaten because of "name for the virus" you jerk. Kids are getting bullied at school because the President points the blame. But quote a Bible verse if it soothe your conscience.
"Hawaii Five-0" star tests positive for coronavirus, calls for end to anti-Asian prejudice  
Someone sent me a hate email like this. Am I scared? Yes. I have a public facing job and I actively do public sociology. More importantly, in #COVID19 pandemic, racial attacks against Asians continue to rise. I’m worried about all my Asian fellows.  
BREAKING: Two more Filipinos in Singapore tested positive for coronavirus disease, bringing the total number of infected Filipinos in the Southeast Asian country to 13, the Department of Foreign Affairs said Friday. 
“And one last very important thing: Please, please stop the prejudice and senseless violence against Asian people,” said Kim. “Yes, I’m Asian, and yes I have coronavirus, but I did not get it from China. I got it in America.” #WashTheHate 
I have the feeling the Asian American vote has given up on Andrew Yang.  …
"Please, please stop the prejudiced and senseless violence against Asian people.” After getting diagnosed with coronavirus, actor Daniel Dae Kim used Instagram to share some COVID-19 wisdom with his followers. 
Heartbroken & saddened at passing away of football great PK Banerjee - Winner of Arjuna Award, Asian Games Gold, Centennial Order of Merit FIFA, Banga Bibhushan, 2-time Olympian & many more. (1/2)
"Yes, I'm Asian. And yes, I have coronavirus, but I did not get it in China. I got it in America -- in New York City," said actor Daniel Dae Kim. "I don't consider the place where it's from as important as the people who are sick and dying." 
“Yes, I’m Asian. And yes, I have coronavirus. But I did not get it from China. I got it in America. In NYC. And yes I’m handsome. And yes the glasses highlight my chiseled face. And yes my voice is calming. But focus on the substance of what I’m saying, Tiffany. It’s important”
it’s really a tough time for authors right now who have events cancelled but we still can support them by preordering their books. here are the 2020 April books written by Asian authors (& STAY AT HOME. WASH YOUR HANDS)  …
books by asian authors you need to read while on quarantine: a thread rt to save bookdragon lives
“Yeah exactly what Sakura said” the asian dad culture is strong  …
Okay, we have to talk about this now. I sav many h@ters making cørona 'jokes' about Mamamoo. This is not okay. When non-asians make jokes about Asian people and cørona you call them xenophobic but when a kpop stan does that, you ignore. Stop being hypocrites. Thanks, that was all
Actor Daniel Dae Kim Shares His Coronavirus Diagnosis and Calls for an End to 'Cowardly' Anti-Asian Racism 
The irony of Asian people holding up these signs at this time
Asian countries have used it and virtually stopped the virus in its tracks. It is up to you to ignore this information.
1) Pradip Kumar "PK" Banerjee, legendary Footballer & Coach dies at 83. At his peak in early 60s, he was one of the best in Asia. Won gold medal for India in football at 1962 Jakarta Asian Games. (Below is PK Banerjee with legendary Chuni Goswami & Balaram in early 60s). 
The BFC family joins the Indian football fraternity in mourning the loss of pioneer and legendary footballer, Pradip Kumar Banerjee. Mr. Banerjee was part of the victorious 1962 Asian Games team and also led India at the 1960 Rome Olympics. 
Jokowi said that the Athletes Village used for the 2018 Asian Games has been converted into a makeshift hospital will start treating COVID-19 patients and suspects tomorrow. The hospital on Galang Island will be ready on March 28.
Crispy Chicken with Broccoli is a quick Asian-style chicken stir fry, ready in 20 minutes! its a tried and tested family favourite and i’m including gluten free instructions.  … #glutenfree #Asiandinner #chicken #broccoli
PK Banerjee, #IndianFootball legend passed away on Friday at the age of 83 in Kolkata. He was part of the 1962 Asian Games gold medallist team and also lead India in the 1960 Rome Olympics  …
#IPMBetOfTheDay Tanjong Pagar Vs Albirex Niigata S Over 9.5 Asian Corners Singapore Premier League, 11:45AM Price: 1.975 (Bet365) 2 point stake
[Voting #Taehyung #Jungkook] Starmometer's 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Online poll:  … Current status: 1. Taehyung: 28.72% (186K) 3. Jungkook: 25.52% (165K) Twitter, FB and IG voting link below. Keep voting!! #100AsianHeartthrobs2020 #BTSV #V #뷔 
When people say it wasn’t like this during the war they are right but during the war we didn’t have five million greedy immigrants and illegals look whose stockpiling and selling off backs of lorries all Asian greedy cnuts
"You have no idea the ramifications your racist words and actions have on the Asian  
Asian equities are set to mark their first gain in a harrowing week  
Part of E.Asian success was 99-100% contact tracing --> research shows how this is transferable to UK and US but for this to work, we have to test to know who has the virus...  …
The tweet below is from Feb 3. The most important word is "may". Meaning, it could work. Asian governments do appear to  emergency powers with technology & strong execution to halt the virus. For Western governments, the jury is still out.  …
Spike Lee condemns Trump for 'putting Asian Americans in danger'  …
Spike Lee condemns Trump for 'putting Asian Americans in danger'  …
Don’t mind me, I’m just here counting the number of white people condescending to people of color, notably Asian-Americans, about how seriously they should regard the relationship between racist language and racist violence.
This video is making the rounds with so any people quick to castigate Nigerians. I was there. The Asian guy threw the first punch. Be guided #COVID19NIGERIA #CoronaVirusNigeria #COVID19Lagos 
“Yes, I’m Asian. And yes, I have coronavirus. But I did not get it from China, I got it in America. In New York City" 
If you want something to rage over, DON'T focus on Chinese or other Asian people like Trump is trying to re-direct you to do. Focus on the GOP Senate and House members who were doing insider trading off this #CoronavirusPandemic in February. And, as ever, Trump and his 
With the stroke a pen, blame is shifted, Asian Americans are targeted. Good luck!  …
On a busy San Francisco street in the broad light of day, Yuanyuan Zhu was harassed and spit on by a stranger simply for being Asian in the midst of a global pandemic caused by what the president of the United Stats calls the “Chinese virus.” 
Anti-extremism experts are “quite concerned” about hateful rhetoric spiking in midst of COVID-19 pandemic — not just a rise in anti-Asian sentiment, but also due to people in self-quarantine being more exposed to extremist movements online.  …
As assaults on Asian-Americans spike in the wake of the #COVID19 pandemic, a Utah candidate for Congress offers up race-based blame and no solutions to the cascading crisis. BTW there are 80,000 Asians residing in Utah. The fastest growing racial group in the state.  …
I might have found a new asian jesus 
Henceforth, since it's happening during this administration, Covid-19 should be known as #TrumpVirus. He LOVES stuff named after himself. Let's oblige him. It happened on his watch, so it's his. (Instead of it originated in an Asian country he keeps using as its name.)
#IMPORTANT: India to participate in a video conference organised by China of Eurasian & South Asian countries on prevention and control of #COVID2019.  together in the region to fight  #CoronaVirus pandemic. India’s participation at Joint Secretary  …
Asian stock markets are mostly higher after Wall Street gained on hopes government aid and central banks can shield the global economy against rising impact of the coronavirus pandemic. 
Tina and I will just keep practicing being less asian....  …
FujikawaChiai's second full album will be released on April 8th. Her biggest album consists of 14 songs, including the theme song of the anime "Digimon Adventure:". On top of that, she covers the song "Haruka Kanata" by ASIAN KUNG-FU GENERATION.  
Anti-blackness in the  ain’t even a surprise. Got hella black folks defending the  yet somehow the  still makes black folks look like villains like it ain’t white folks being hella racist towards them throughout this whole epidemic
We all go to the post office, the banks, and the markets together. Nobody gives Asians a second glance, and I haven't seen one nervous Asian. At the post office, I had a long conversation with the Chinese clerk. He was furious. At China.
"The NYPD said the teen approached the man from behind in Manhattan's East Harlem neighborhood. He then allegedly made anti-Asian statements and kicked the victim, causing him to fall to the ground."
Don't blame or attack Chinese/Asian people because of a virus your president failed at containing. This isn't the Chinese Virus, it's the Coronavirus. And Donald Trump is responsible for this current crisis in the United States. #CoronavirusPandemic #COVID19 #CoronaTrumpUpdate
asian guys are so FOINE and for what 
I'd take pitches for hyphen on anti-asian racism etc and the ways in which this virus is affecting 
"I’m Asian. And yes, I have coronavirus. But I did not get it from China. I got it in America... And despite what certain political leaders want to call it, I don’t consider the place where it's from as important as the people who are sick and dying." 
This afternoon I spoke to a young lady in her 20s who works in Sydney CBD. I asked her if her peers were socially distancing. ‘My Asian friends do. They get it. But my Australian friends don’t care. They think they’ll be ok.’ We’re in trouble. #covid19australia
Stocks and some Asian currencies rose on Friday after the Fed said it would provide liquidity to nine central banks 
Researchers are learning how Asian elephants think - in order to save them. 
Anti-Asian bigotry and anti-immigrant policies take center stage in right-wing media's coronavirus coverage  …
people love acting like anti-blackness ain’t a worldwide issue within itself. hell, even the racism that  face is literally still just repackaged anti-blackness (like colorism in 
If there is anything this Corona Virus has taught us is that there is no excuse for African countries not to have the technology that the west and Asian tigers have. There is absolutely nothing that stops us. Just our own brainwashed ignorance of Rome was not built in a day. 
Daniel Dae Kim tests positive for coronavirus, calls for end to anti-Asian prejudice  
changing his term for the virus in order to create an anti-Asian slur is so reprehensible, so racist, so unbelievably deceptive, deflective, & irresponsible - the president's a useless, sickening human being - constantly harming all of us to weaponize his  & ignorance
China wants the narrative changed on coronavirus. By pure coincidence allegations of anti-Far East Asian racism crop up. At once the left leaps on it and champions this new victimhood. Right wingers are accused of racism. But of course, nobody is being played here at all.
Watch this inspiring older Asian woman tell me, "China is death, murder, and they should get out of everywhere". RETWEET if you agree with her! 
Until he stops his dangerous bigoted rhetoric putting our Asian Americans friends, family and neighbors at risk, I want all of America to start referring to #COVID19 as the #TrumpVirus or  …
Hi guys, just letting you know viruses do NOT discriminate based on skin color or nationality. So please PLEASE be kind to our fellow Americans. I'm SO sad to hear Asian Americans are experiencing such hatred. Please be EXTRA kind & loving to all right now! We're better united!
Asian stock markets are mostly higher after Wall Street gained on hopes government aid and central banks can shield the global economy against the rising impact of the coronavirus pandemic. 
Bracelets & phones that track, texts if you ditch quarantine & digital detectives tracking where you've been -- Asian countries have embraced innovative, if somewhat invasive, tech to counter the coronavirus pandemic. By myself & colleagues for  …
It is deliberate. Focused. With deliberate disregard for how this imperils the safety of Asians and Asian Americans in this country. Even in the midst of a global pandemic, racism & xenophobia are the go-to for this President.  …
Hate crimes against Asian Americans have undergone an alarming uptick since the coronavirus outbreak. Asian American celebs are calling for people to 
I DID NOT ATTACK ASIANS! This is fake news! I love Asians and I have a lot to Asian friends. I called the Virus the Ching Chong Virus as a joke. I had no it’s considered racist! WHAT? They  it to the N- Word and they need to stop! It’s totally different. 
The reaction by @brianstelter and others was priceless. They are used to just jabbing @potus with no pushback. They even cowardly left a letter on her table, wherein she left a pithy retort. lol. I bet they don't even know she's Asian. @OANN  …
Imagine cosplaying the fucking Coronavirus/Covid-19 virus as a racist Asian caricature and trying to frame it as a PSA. Jfc
*IF YOU LIVE IN THE IE* this local family business has been around for years in  & is hands down one of the best Chinese take out places in the area!! It’s such a shame to see Asian businesses being affected by the racism and stigma going on rn! RT PLS 
I have a feeling Asian Americans are like other Americans & happy to have a POTUS who doesn't cover for  who lie, cheat & put their desire for power over lives of people like our  do.  …
Thank you Governor @GavinNewsom for your passionate denunciation of racism against CA's diverse  during the coronavirus crisis. 
"Rampant ignorance and misinformation about the novel coronavirus, experts say, has led to racist and xenophobic attacks against fellow Americans or anyone in the US who looks East Asian." Really? Anyone in the US who looks Asian is being attacked?
"The NYPD said the teen approached the man from behind in Manhattan's East Harlem neighborhood. He then allegedly made anti-Asian statements and kicked the victim, causing him to fall to the ground." East Harlem. Another white nationalist!
we’re not telling you not to call it the china virus because we don’t think it originated in china. we’re telling you not to call it the china virus because it promotes hate, discrimination, and racism against chinese and asian people. god, you fucking mongrels are so dense.
The WWE Hall of Famer and US "President" also stated that Chinese virus is only spread via the green mist spewed by Asian wrestlers. So try to avoid that.   …
Coronavirus-positive Daniel Dae Kim speaks out against anti-Asian racism  
Thread The press says that @realDonaldTrump is somehow causing a rise in attacks on Asian people. Let's look at the articles documenting this.  …
FWIW grocery shopping at an Asian supermarket was very pleasant just now. Noodles, rice, canned goods and hygiene products all well stocked and all staff wearing masks and aprons. But sure, please avoiding Asian stores, peeps. We're cool with that.
"Randomly beating elderly, sometimes homeless Asian Americans is cowardly, heartbreaking, and it's inexcusable": Actor Daniel Dae Kim uses coronavirus diagnosis to shed light on social issues  
incase you wanna know how to ease my stress this is how. this sub saw i was having a hard day and $ent, follow suit betas. #FinD findom paypig asian Brat 
Proud of our #Mesa restaurants in the Asian District and beyond who have already adopted social distancing measures by closing their dining areas and focusing on take-out. #whyiliveinmesa 
I paid over $4,000 and worked my butt off for 3 months, just for you to make fun of me for being in open class. I wish  recognized that just because I didn’t do top 12 world class does NOT mean that I didn’t “really” do drum corps. Explain that to my knees bro.
So the speedy swap lines did help soften the dollar strength, esp to those that got it. Look at Asian FX vs the USD in a 1 day move. Some asked why swap lines matter & why this helped. I'll go through it soon  
Every Asian I know loves Trump and I am in California
Gavin Newsom talking about the 1882 Chinese Exclusive Act, anti-Asian racism and the need for pluralism during a pandemic is the energy I need right now.
I gotta say, I appreciate this guy sticking up for Asian people & repudiating racism. Thank you ⁦ 
Mask wearing in Asian countries could also be contributing to their success as masks are effective at keeping sick people from infecting others. If so, we need to be ramping up mask manufacturing now so we can start giving everyone a mask when we get Test-and-Trace in place.  …
Based on the number of votes, Asian-Americans gave up on Yang, too.
Distressed by the rise in xenophobia and racism during the coronavirus pandemic, a coalition of Asian American groups based in California has created a reporting webpage for victims of virus-related hate crimes. 
All asian is there except top ramen
Remember world ...Jackson is the king of asian pop music. tag #jacksonisking if you  …
Me, when I went to the Asian Market and realized all them Lucky Me Pancit canton were gone! TP hu, pancit canton is lifer! 
While y'all are busy blaming Asian people.  …
So??? I am an Asian and I call it Wuhan virus too as the virus originated from Wuhan, and not the U.S. army (and Chinese propaganda is widely spreading this fake news to smear the U.S.) I will never forget how 
“Yes, I’m Asian. And yes, I have coronavirus. But I did not get it from China, I got it in America. In New York City" 
 “safe at home” watching: #TwentiesOnBET centering Black female friendship and, so proud, episode 4 written by my kid. I am not gonna do that Asian mom downplaying the kid’s talent thing. The girl can write.  …
There's a direct link between the rise in anti-Asian attacks and the racist bile spewed by Trump + the far-Right. #Coronavirus or not, this is certainly not a time for anti-racist organizers to put down their guard - nor stop building relationships with 
Meanwhile, violent and physical acts of anti-Asian and anti-Chinese racism are growing.  …
No one hates Asian Americans except the Admissions board at Harvard  …
choose your asian: #ATEEZ 
A lot of racist folks in America are counting on their Asian American doctors being a hell of a lot more forgiving in the next few months than I would be. I know all the medical professionals are pros who will treat everyone equally, but they shouldn’t have to be so magnanimous.
VOCABULARY reprimand (verb) = menegur kesalahan (formal) - He was reprimanded by a teacher for talking in the corridor. - The soldier was severely reprimanded for being drunk. - Breslin was sharply reprimanded for insulting an Asian-American reporter.  …
On #ThisWeekInFascism, we look at how both the far-Right + Trump are pushing xenophobic conspiracies while anti-Asian racism is exploding into real world violence. We also roundup the news, neo-Nazi leaders + GOP hopefuls getting exposed + more! A thread.  …
When you see a Asian nigga cough in public 
Asian American Journalist Racially Harassed for Speaking Chinese In Front of Her Home  …
Sharing @sojustbooks curated list for early-childhood, elementary-age, and young adults for “China and Chinese Americans”  … For parents homeschooling for the near future: Pls add to your library! Anti-Chinese/anti-Asian racism is as virulent as COVID-19.
Kellyanne Conway says she’s married to an Asian American while defending Trump’s use of the term ‘Chinese virus’ 
Do you believe all Asian Americans are rabid SJWs who get angry that a virus that originated in China is called the #WuhanVirus or #ChinaCoronaVirus I think the Asian Americans who immigrated here are grateful he stopped travel from China months ago!  …
the culture of "stocking up" isn't just a Great Depression thing. Asian families often do it too because so many from the Boomer generation grew up poor, survived war, struggled after immigrating and often have to take care of other relatives.
Sometimes I feel like just spamming the Nicolas Cage gif "KILLING ME WON'T BRING BACK YOUR GODDAMN HONEY" Anti-Asian racism won't do a goddamn thing to fix the economy or help stop the virus, it makes it worse, stop acting like tolerating it makes you a serious pragmatist
I dont  China at all, but when people hear the term “chinese virus” they r not thinking about a political govt, they r thinking about people. This phrase just enables ppl to hate on asian americans.
I remember this stuff VIVIDLY from the time - it was *everywhere* and SO MUCH of the "noble proletariat" turned out to need not much more than a gentle nudge to indulge the absolutely worst kind of anti-Asian racism. One reason I learned early not to romanticize that world.  …
Trump’s stoking of anti-China racism over the coronavirus puts Asian-Americans in a tight spot  …
His racism serves the purpose of deflecting blame from himself onto Asian people. His lack of leadership is made to serve the Fox News agenda of deflecting blame from how badly they screwed the pooch, denying a virus instead of fighting it.  …
looks like the VA GOP who sat on their hands during Unite the Right, and the ramp up to the gun rally that had neo-Nazi plot an act of terrorism finally found something worth getting upset over, Elizabeth Warren not trying to get Asian Americans murdered by mobs  …
I usually post in (bad) Korean. But I’ve seen so many people here hurt and afraid by racial hate they witness overseas. This is not a ‘Chinese’ virus, and a white man is as likely to be a carrier as an Asian woman. We need  together if we’re going to get through this...
Thank you @stltoday for your editorial. I wish @realDonaldTrump would stop causing fear in the Asian  & distracting us from this crisis. We all need to work together.  …
Actor Daniel Dae Kim shares his coronavirus diagnosis and calls for end to 'cowardly' anti-Asian racism 
Idiot test: If you do not know the difference between the Chinese government & Chinese people, or Asian people in general...congratulations, you're an idiot. Looking at you @TheDemocrats
Do you approve/disapprove how Trump is handling the Coronavirus (Survey USA poll) Overall: 51/40 Men: 55/40 Women: 48/42 18-34: 52/39 65+: 56/40 w/ kids <5: 58/36 w/ kids in college: 55/41 GOP: 90/6 DEM: 24/68 Indie: 48/48 White: 59/36 Black: 28/58 Latino: 47/46 Asian: 32/44
While folks are working from home, remember this great instructional video on how to work from home? Then remember when everyone called his wife a nanny because she was asian? It's fine, that's another tweet. Let's keep this happy. 
We are reading & celebrating books by Asian-American authors & illustrators. My kids know there is no place for hate in our house, and we are all so disappointed and disgusted by the hate crimes and racist rhetoric echoing through the country. It is time to lift one another up! 
Earlier this week, Trump referred to the coronavirus as the “Chinese virus” a term which is both xenophobic & racist Now SewerRat Barbie is defending trump using the China virus by saying she married an Asian man George Conway is half Filipino & a fervent Trump critic. WTF... 
People should know about the Asian “wet markets,” the source of the coronavirus. Western govts should be exerting pressure on Asian govts to shut them down.This beautifully-written article explains why they're both immoral & a threat to the entire world.  …
Mahi going in hard on these Asian shop owners for hiking their prices, exploiting people in their desperate situation 
My sister, a medical professional, just texted me how her patient, an older white lady, examined her closely and "thanked" her for her service today: "Are you Asian? If you're Asian I hope you don't bring THAT stuff to me." Even in a pandemic, it seems nothing can kill racism.
Asians are experiencing racism in the wake of the Coronavirus, and hatred & violence are encouraged when people call it the "Chinese Virus." Call it what it is, a global pandemic, and let's unify in support of our phenomenal  Be kind, wash your hands, stay strong. 
No American should be defending China in this and I don’t think “Asian Americans” are any exception. You are either American or you’re not
Words can hurt. #UNT will not tolerate stereotyping, bullying or harassing behavior toward those who are or may appear to be of Asian descent. Let me be clear when I state this is not who we are as   
My partner is of Asian descent. She went out for supplies today and came home crying. People have been treating her like shit. Stop being fucking racist.
Hey everyone!! In light of the disgusting anti-Asian racism  all too apparent as of late, I'd like you to give a warm  to 22 y/o white supremacist Jared L. Noble from  Washington, better known as "Woozuh". Say hi everyone :-)) 1/ 
They beated a boy band that's all over American shows. Arashi doesnt even perform outside Japan and their videos have zero English subs. And yet they bested everyone. They didn't need to cater to the world to make it. Hell yeah! Arashi is THE Asian boy band. Period.
We must all IMMEDIATELY shut down anyone who calls it the “Chinese Corona Virus.” That is RACISM and incites VIOLENCE. My Asian friends are being HARASSED in their own neighborhoods and HATE CRIMES are up. THIS WILL NOT BE TOLERATED. Stand up for what’s right. 
Today me and my Asian fiancé have made a hard decision that outside of her (nursing) job, she can’t be in public alone after a nasty racist incident at the grocer. The man is lucky I wasn’t there.  and empathy for Asians, they don’t want this either #coronavirusau
A friend's dad, Asian American ... went to home depot in the bay area This is what he  out Can the repair bill be sent to the racist in chief @realDonaldTrump 
Due to this virus my mom’s restaurant has been really struggling It’s sad to say but being an Asian restaurant Xenophobia has added to our struggle If you want Chinese/Vietnamese food please try us out. LUONG HAI KY 10606 Camino Ruiz Unit 2 San Diego, CA. 92126 858-578-4888 
P.S. Please show extra support for Asian restaurants, as the president's insistence on weaponizing the virus is hitting them especially hard. Let's transcend our leadership.
So, I'm immediately captivated by their voices. @jenyamato @frankshyong You guys sound real cool - the name for this new podcast is just as cool: Asian Enough. Friends, readers, listeners: @LATimes has a new podcast and @Colorlines presents it nicely 
Here are my thoughts about calling coronavirus the China Virus, and for casting the blame in a way that does harm to diasporic Asians, including Asian Americans who have no relationship to China whatsoever.
asian women look so good w tattoos
The words used by @realDonaldTrump & others are a cheap ploy to divert blame from the fact that he failed to act far sooner on testing & health care. It also stigmatizes Asian-Americans and their businesses. It's racist, it's wrong, and it must stop.  …
i saw a tweet a while back abt supporting asian markets during this time so I thought I’d share a super easy meal that you can make: zaru soba 
Kim Kardashian had to now that I have your attention I just want to let you know that there’s a video of an Asian woman on camera talking about how China has been burning the bodies of the people that have died due to COVID-19. Even ones that are still breathing.
I have nothing to promote except not being racist toward Asian people because a virus is a virus u asshats
We are sitting in our car outside of our favorite local Asian restaurant, waiting for our contactless take out order. If you are able, continue to support your small local businesses. We don’t want to lose them. looking forward to our dinner.
Hi! This is me and my little brother. Every time you normalize calling COVID-19 the"Chinese disease" you are helping to stoke racist violence against my brother, and my friends, family, and neighbors who are Asian. Please be a force of good in the world. #COVID19 
I've lately had so many feelings of anger, retaliation, recognizing my own prejudices, and worry for the Asian children being bullied for no good reason. @officialyox put it together perfectly in verse&song. @wongfupro had to help amplify, please  …
The uptick in anti-Asian bias has been so strong that the National Science Foundation has awarded a team of researchers a grant to study the pattern of discrimination during the coronavirus outbreak. 
There is never room for ignorance, hatred and racism. Taking a stand with Diane de Boer-Phelan, our Asian and Asian American brothers and sisters, and all peoples of color, LGBTQIA+, women, and people with disabilities that make up this great diverse nation. 
Coming tomorrow: More counter programming from the @latimes podcast unit. Download our special bonus quarantine episode of Asian Enough to hear how this virus is hitting the Asian  hard. By @jenyamato @frankshyong and @skarlamangla  
. @DanielDaeKim also addressed the prejudice against Asian people during this pandemic, writing, "Despite what certain political leaders want to call it, I don't consider the place where it's from as important as the people who are sick and dying." 
If you test positive for COVID-19 and are hospitalized in the US there is a ~ 1 in 5 chance that your doctor will be Asian So please don’t be racist towards people that are literally working to save your life. Also, regardless of services rendered to you, people deserve decency.
While more uploads  soon on #AuthorsEverywhere, I paused today to make a video of my own. I've been feeling so helpless & upset about the racism directed at Asian  and today, tried to channel that into a video for kids. (1/) 
V is one of the finalists in the 2020 Asian heartthrob vote, vote using the tags #KimTaehyung #100AsianHeartthrobs2020 this is the twitter vote. 1 Like = 10 Votes 1 Retweet = 10 
After watching that Imagine video, it’s only right all the Asian  together for a rendition of Billy Joel’s classic.. We Didn’t Start The Virus. After all, karaoke is our speciality.
Daniel Dae Kim says he has COVID-19, addresses violence against Asian Americans  
People trying to push racist dog-whistles about COVID-19 will get instantly blocked. I have zero patience for people like that. It's hard enough, without Asian-looking people getting beaten up or worse because of your racist shit. It has consequences.
For decades Asians have enforced a code of refusing to patronize Black businesses. Do you think Black people owe it to Asians to still shop with them now that the rest of America is now avoiding Asian businesses due to the Covid-19 virus?
Liberal white people are more offended by @realDonaldTrump saying “Chinese virus” than actual Asian people Surprise surprise
Still reading Malcolm X's bio and this excerpt shook me. X predicted this sinophobia and anti Asian racist shit over 50 years ago. 
London’s @SadiqKhan : ‘COVID-19 is not a Chinese ’ Also Sadiq Grooming Gangs are Asian, ic Terrorists are Mentally Ill, Norwegian, French etc… is the Religion of , London is Safest City on Earth (not the Capital as everybody knows it)… 
I guess the Border Patrol is now selectively disclosing pictures of Asian people arrested at the border as part of their coronavirus messaging? There’s an interesting FOIA in  surrounding the choice to take and publish this picture. Cc  …
First Chuck turns on Flava Flav over Bernie Sanders And now he's caping for Asians over an ASIAN virus. After Peter Liang and Asian Blackface Chuck is on THEIR side and not OURS. At this point Chuck D is gonna have to be renamed "Buck D" as in Buck DANCING.  …
I told my Asian family members to stay home and that I would get groceries for my in-laws so that they won't get beat up or yelled at for being Chinese. This is happening to innocent Asian people going about their business. SO WORDS DO MATTER.
Yes, I’m Asian, and yes I have coronavirus, but I did not get it from China. I got it in America. In New York City. Daniel Dae Kim is the latest celebrity to go public with a #Covid_19 diagnosis. And he has some important things to  
President Trump deliberately inserted the word “CHINESE” and crossed out “Corona” in notes for his pandemic press conference, a photo revealed. This suggests that Trump is doubling down on what groups and experts call a dangerous anti-Asian slur. 
Asian celebs: do fundraisers, donating their own money and time, offering their businesses up as HQs, actually going out there to make sure the homeless have food and checking on frontliners, encourage fellow privileged to do the same American celebs: shitty John Lennon cover
I also want to give a really big shout out and thank my  that has reached out. So many of my rabbis, Jewish orgs, and friends and fam have reached out to speak out about the anti-Asian racism and strongly condemns it and asked how they could help in solidarity.
Trump is crossing out "coronavirus" and replacing it with "Chinese virus." He's actively attempting to incite violence against Chinese people, and all the East Asians his supporters confuse for Chinese. The rise in anti-Asian hate crimes is blood on the hands of the  …
Control in China (data for first 28 days as yellow line; more recent data not shown) and in Asian democracies (light blue lines). Exponential spread in Iran (green line) and in Western democracies (other lines). Geopolitical transformation in real time.  
Asian-American chiming in... The terms "Chinese Virus" or "Wuhan Coronavirus" are appropriate based on decades of disease-naming protocols. @realDonaldTrump's attacks are directed at the CCP, not Chinese people. Good Chinese food is awesome. I support @ChanelRion.
While some sh*theads are being sh*head racists towards Asians around the globe, is an example of an Asian person/a group of Asians ACTUALLY doing something positive to save lives. “The world's most famous AIDS researcher is finding a coronavirus cure”  …
fighting racism by being asian and hot
The calamity of the pandemic has demonstrated how racism and inequality thrive alongside capitalism. In my latest article for @REMEZCLA, I write about racism in Mexico against Asian minorities, impacts of American consumerism on  + more:  …
An inspiring, swift display of solidarity from journalism orgs supporting @AAJA's statement denouncing anti-Asian rhetoric & violence amid coronavirus outbreak. Thank you @womenjournos @NABJ @NAHJ @najournalists @nlgja @NewsEditors @MaynardInst  …
“Kung flu” is not a reference to the COVID-19’s origins. It’s just straight up ignorant juvenile punk racist - esp since it was said directly to an Asian AMERICAN reporter.  …
the fact that its mostly white people saying the most xenophobic shit ab asian people right now and then on tik tok asian kids are like "but if called BLACK people a nword id be racist" like wtf we do
In czarist Russia, it was the Jews, in Putin's Russia it's LGBTQ+ people, in China it's Uighurs; in the U.S., now, it's  Asians and Asian Americans. Every authoritarian regime depends on "enemies within" to distract from its own assault on its people.
No wonder no one votes for you NOT even Asian Americans.
Tesco Sheffield- 5.58am 19/3/20.  at least 20 Asian men, all known to each other, all working in a pack, to clear out the shelves between them. If you’d have told ‘em to get out of bed for a job at 6am in the morning, they’d have all limped for benefits. Bastards. 
. @CREWcrew has filed a FOIA with HHS  of anti-Asian racism connected to the coronavirus pandemic, which is especially urgent given the President’s habit of calling it the “Chinese virus" and widespread reports of bias and discrimination.  …
Considering the shared history of radicalism, ideology, and cultural exchange, the anti-Asian racism from otherwise sensible people on here is really wearing thin. Read this if you haven't already  
the anti-Asian racism was always there. we just took it and didn't say anything. now that they're testing our thresholds they're going to get some push back and gaslight you into thinking you're overreacting because they've never seen us speak up before. don't fall for this.
I am tired of the racist & xenophobic language being used to name the virus – tired of the scapegoating of Asian American &  It betrays our highest values of justice, fairness, and inclusion. And it's an urgent reminder that we all need to vote in November.
Wow Tulsi Gabbard just dropped out Democrats chose a white straight male as a front runner instead of: 6 Women 4 Blacks 1 Mexican 1 Polynesian 1 Gay 1 Asian Stop lecturing the GOP on diversity when your front runner is part of same group u preach against RT if u agree!
My wife is an Asian immigrant & we have a son w/ loads of friends & acquaintances. I am qualified to bear witness; this is a pile of Bulls**t. The problem isn't naming a virus in a way that identifies its origin. The problem is contemptible never-trumper fairytale narratives.
I know many of you are upset. STOP TAKING IT OUT ON ASIAN PEOPLE.
hey asian twitter: have  from trump and other govt members about covid-19 affected how you're handling day-to-day life? i would love to speak with you for a story
The “Asian & White Cartoon Characters” Starter Pack 
Many American neighbors, friends, doctors, workers, students, parents, slackers, over achievers, writers, lawyers, slobs, waiters, babies & elders happen to be of Asian descent. Some are even Chinese. They are not the enemy. #Coronavirus is the enemy, along with hate & ignorance.
"Yes, I’m Asian, and yes I have coronavirus, but I did not get it from China. I got it in America ... And despite what some political leaders want to call it, I don’t consider the place where it’s from as important as the people who are sick and dying."  …
" @_gidi9ja: Actor Daniel Dae Kim tests positive for coronavirus, he shared his experience on Instagram: “Yes I’m Asian & yes I have coronavirus but I did not get it from China. I got it in America in New York City..." @Gidi_Traffic 
john oliver, like every other bourgeois liberal in amerika, ostensibly denounces instances of anti-asian/sinophobic (lol) rhetoric whenever  across it, but has been on the forefront of spreading imperialist, orientalist propaganda directed at China for the past years.
Why are people arguing that it's OK to call it the "Chinese virus"? Is it so hard to say COVID 19? If you don't see what the problem is, then you're not processing the fact that Asian people are being beat up, insulted, shunned because of the insistence on blaming China. #Covid19
Pres. Trump crossed out 'corona' in his prepared remarks, changing the phrase to 'Chinese Virus.' Advocacy groups have documented a rise in hate crimes and hate speech against people of Asian descent since the beginning of the pandemic. 
Pres. Trump purposely calls #COVID19 “the Chinese virus.” M. Pompeo says the Chinese are the “central threat of our times.” This perfectly parallels the anti-Asian "YELLOW PERIL" crusades of a century+ ago. Read "WHEN THE JEWS ATTACKED THE ASIANS"  
. @RepGraceMeng and Haipei Shue, President of @TheOfficialUCA, joined AJC for a discussion about rising racism and xenophobia that has targeted Chinese Americans and other Asian Americans during the #COVID19 outbreak. Read about their conversation  …
Went back and supported our Local Chinese spot because they had to shut down for two days. She gave us free vegan cheese wontons and two mini cupcakes for driving so far. Don’t forget to support Asian businesses! 
No one is calling the Coronavirus the “Asian virus.” NO ONE. People need to count to ten.... slowly.
A short white guy approached my Asian niece on the bus & shouted at her to go back where she came from. She's 6 foot tall, stood up and yelled: 'Why don't you shut the f*ck up before I grab your f*cking head and ram it into that f*cking steel pole you're hanging on?" He left bus
I was walking in target and got the dirtiest looks from people. I’m guessing it’s cuz I’m asian. Racial tension is insane right now but it won’t get to me. I’m gonna keep smiling at people and spread peace. Maybe every now n then give a little cough just to fuck around. Jk.
Chanel Rion is Asian-American, but go off.  …
Violence against Asian Americans will continue to escalate as long as the WH and Republicans deploy deliberately racist rhetoric  …
Val Demmings, Stacey Abrams & Keisha Lance-Bottoms have no history winning Latinx, Asian, college educated white or suburban voters at the margin Biden needs to win the Presidency.
Just stop it! It's not Asian prejudice! It's the calling out of Communist China for starting a pandemic! If Russia had done it, we'd be calling them out. #ChinaVirus Daniel Dae Kim tests positive for coronavirus, calls for end to anti-Asian prejudice  …
It is IGNORANT PEOPLE LIKE THIS to blame for the pandemic in this country. NOT INNOCENT ASIAN AMERICANS It is because of IGNORANCE this virus is spreading. NOT BECAUSE OF RACE OR NATIONALITY 
While #ChineseFood is trending (for... unfortunate reasons) I'll take this moment to say... Please support your local Chinese restaurants and Asian markets! Many of these businesses are suffering right now due to this pandemic, more so than others. Let's help where we can
The media: ‘We can’t allow Trump to make Asian-Americans to feel threatened’ Also the media: *spends the day attacking an Asian-American journalist*
Chanel Rion is an Asian-American Journalist  …
While you’re here: •consider buying Asian food for takeout this week •wash your hands •stop bugging Asians who wear masks •tax the rich •fight for those who have been systematically disenfranchised •don’t hoard hand sanitizer and toilet paper •call your mom for once
Anti-Semitic conspiracy theories. Anti-Asian attacks. And now, white nationalists using this pandemic to peddle disinformation and spread their hate. The crisis of coronavirus has only exacerbated the crisis of hate and extremism in this country.  …
i just think it's funny how the oh so disdained asian celebs from the evil~ industry were donating away their net wealth to fighting the virus and meanwhile A list western celebs are just "positive vibes only~ ~  to the chill zone " -ing their way out of this
Yes, they DO have nationalities. "Hong Kong" Flu "Spanish" Flu "Asian" Flu "Chinese" Flu "Russian" Flu Why lie about it?  …
"The Borneo pygmy elephant, the smallest of the Asian elephants, is endangered and there are approximately just 1,500 left."  …
If you're an old Asian close to Tampa and you're scared to go to the stores, hit me up @3148852775 and I got you. Make a list cuz Wanito will get that shit for you
I say in this vid that I eat mostly Asian food.Some1 pointed out this impulse makes me racist.This on top of pile-on how dare I think my experience w racism made me special& Im being racist/minimizing every race by telling my story.Dude this is END OF TIMES & not even bc of virus  …
So you have to be  China authoritarianism to support the Asian  You’re a washed up joke  …
i know the point of this is supposed to be like “these stupid racists think they’ll get rona from the asian food section” but it’s probably more like people have been taught that the international section of grocery stores contain non-staples and they’re just shopping for basics 
"Yes, I’m Asian. And yes, I have coronavirus. But I did not get it from China. I got it in America. In New York City. And despite what certain political leaders want to call it, I don’t consider the place where it's from as important as the people who are sick and dying." 
"Spanish" Flu "Asian" Flu "Chinese" Flu "Russian" Flu Yet apparently racist to call flu from China "Chinese Flu". How about "Bat Flu" then?
important to note because it is cut from the video but DDK ALSO supports universal health care and calls out anti-asian discrimination — absolute king shit 
"Hawaii Five-0" star tests positive for coronavirus, calls for end to anti-Asian prejudice  
idk but I would ask Asian Americans how they feel  …
Chinese food is not racist. Neither is American food, Italian food, or Ethiopian food. In fact, they’re all delicious. But saying Chinese Virus as Asian Americans are beaten on the streets out of racist fear in the coronavirus pandemic is sickeningly racist. It’s not that hard.
An important joint statement denouncing Anti-Asian racism during the coronavirus outbreak from journalism associations @aaja @NABJ @NAHJ @nlgja @najournalists & @womenjournos (h/t to my amazing @NorthwesternU colleague @mlhopgood)  
Trump is using the term “Chinese Virus” is a way to inflame his base Sadly we will see an uptick of attacks on Asian Americans How many lives must be put in danger for the ego of one narcissist?  …
I’m no expert or authority, but the anti-Chinese and general anti-Asian racism that’s been happening is so fucked up, and it’s really hurtful to people. (I hope if you’re reading this you aren’t doing that, but if you are...knock it off.)
STAY OUT AMERICANS World Feared #China Over Coronavirus. Now the Tables Are Turned Asian countries that suffered through the pandemic first are working to guard against a NEXT WAVE Travellers from #US are being barred or quarantined #MOG  …
. @tzima8 told me a horrifying story of being verbally attacked at a Whole Foods in Southern California. He and other Asian American celebs are calling for people to  …
So if you criticize the Chinese government you lose the Asian vote?
REALITY CHECK: You are more FAR MORE likely to catch the coronavirus from a Republican than an Asian American. 
Political media falls for soooooooooooooooooo much garbage under the guise of objectivity or "how it's done" or whatever but now calling out anti-Asian racism that's directly leading to violence is taking the bait ................. you gotta laugh!
Nothing prepared me for the relief of answering the door for delivery, seeing another Asian there, and both breathing a sigh of relief that you don't have to have a conversation about this.
Close-up of Pres. Trump's notes shows "Corona" crossed out and replaced with "Chinese" as he spoke from the White House briefing room. Trump's use of the term "Chinese virus" has been under scrutiny amid reported incidents of bias against Asian Americans.  
I’d be more open to the “debate" about Asian racism in response to coronavirus if we could be a little bit more honest about it. But since we can’t, and it just  another opportunity to browbeat whitey, fuck off. 
"We are (not) your Friends!" feat. @SpringFuwari as Rei & @Sturmtochter_ as Asuka --- Only  left! YES, YOU CAN "READ" THIS IN 3 DIFFERENT WAYS: - The "Asian" right to left - The "European" left to right - "Butterfly"-ed It's always mirrored! 
black people are in my INSTAGRAM dms calling me a monkey, sellout, ugly, stupid, TODAY for that post i made about not being racist towards asian businesses LMFAOOO
Daniel Dae Kim Tests Positive for Coronavirus: "Please Stop the Prejudice and Senseless Violence Against Asian People"  …
"Quick, get an Asian celebrity to be against blaming China..."
Asian American Journalists urge news outlets to refrain from images and language the fuel xenophobia and racism. Lookin' at you,  …
“Randomly beating elderly, sometimes homeless Asian Americans is cowardly, heartbreaking and inexcusable. Yes, I’m Asian, and yes I have coronavirus, but I did not get it from China. I got it in America. In New York City."  …
I’m Asian American and China deserves every bit of flak they’ve been getting for this.
He’s just racist and playing to his base. He has never done anything to try and get the Asian American vote.
I have the feeling Trump has given up on the Asian American vote.
What is this. You don’t need to be asian to point out that China fucked up. China fucked up and everyone should acknowledge this.  …
I'm american >China fucked up early on and that's why we are in a pandemic >Italy and America have fucked up too though on a lesser scale since China was the country of origin I dont have to be asian to tell another country fucked up lol. I blame governments not Citizens.  …
No one is beating up Asian-Americans because of Chinese food, Karen.
To my fellow Asian Pacific Islander Desi Americans of Southeast Asian, East Asian, South Asian, Pacific Islander, Native Hawaiian descent -- stay vigilant and stay safe.
Ripple Roundup: #Ripple Cements Asian Presence via Partnership w/ Thai Fintech DeeMoney | Ripple appoints Kevin Lee, veteran in the banking and financial payment industry to lead its efforts to scale in Southeast Asia. Read More:  #XRPCommunity #XRP 
Took 27 years for OP to experience a level of racism that Black people experience every day. Not discounting what OP experienced, but this shows how model-minority and “Honorary White” statuses granted to many Asian Americans lessen the day-to-day impact of racism on their lives.  …
Actress Lana Condor to Trump: Your Rhetoric is Endangering the Lives of Asian Americans  …
Imagine being a BTS hater/a Taylor hater in 2020. "Asian ching chongs" "White devil" "You just stan them coz asian fetish" "But shes so fake she dates too many guys" The collective " Armys are hormonal girls, lol only 13 years old listens to old hag Taylor " And For what?This? 
Donald Trump and John Cornyn are fanning the flames of racism against Asian-Americans across our country by using labels like “Chinese virus.” Join the @texasdemocrats for  forum next week on ways  this kind of  …
We will not stand for racist attacks against our East Asian neighbors. We know the powerful in this country are trying to divide up workers because they are looking for scapegoats for their own massive failures to prepare and are afraid of our collective power.  …
Spread Love: Karrueche Speaks Out Against Xenophobic Idiots Blaming Coronavirus On Asian People  … (Cassidy Sparrow / Getty 
Daniel Dae Kim: “Yes I’m Asian & yes I have coronavirus but I did not get it from China. I got it in America in New York City. And despite what certain political leaders want to call it, I don’t consider the place where it is from as important as the people who are sick & dying.” 
Raise your hand if "Fight off a deadly virus" and "Defend my Asian American identity from de-humanizing racism while going to the supermarket" were not on your to-do list for 2020.
Well I will say being Asian has kept strangers away from me since this coronavirus hit. I don’t know whether to be offended or grateful
"The Asian American Journalists Association, along with our fellow diversity associations, denounces the escalating violence and rhetoric aimed at Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, including journalists, amid the coronavirus outbreak." (1/3)  …
This is stochastic terrorism and whomever posted this and approved the tweet should be arrested the second one Asian America in Sacramento is attacked.
The uptick in anti-Asian racism from micro to macro aggressions is real.  the latest incidents and shares her own experience of people refusing to let her and her kids into a hotel  …
I solved it. #DeltaDawn #COVID19 COVID [1=A] [9=I] #COVIDAI CO [CORONA] VI [VIRUS] D [DEFENSE] A [ASIAN] I [INVASION] This was Xi’s nineteenth attempt. All other attempts known & ignored. This is biological warfare. “Invisible Enemy” “This is war” cc @POTUS #KAG #WWIII 
I just wanted to share a message to my Asian American and Asian brothers and sisters abroad who are experiencing ANY physical or verbal bigotry/hate due to the horrible labeling of this virus from our current administration. You are loved and you are not alone. 
heartbroken to see these images from Italy - and fully aware that as a white Italian American I won’t be subject to the same racist scapegoating as Asian Americans. Please act to #flattenthecurve, @WashTheHate and push for coronavirus tests and relief that put 
DISASTER MANAGEMENT 101: In my time I've been in a few disaster zones: Asian tsunami, Typhoon Haiyan, Zimbabwe cholera epidemic, Nepal earthquake, Afghanistan war zone. What characterises all disasters is that they exceed the capacity of the local system to cope. 1/...
If you call it the "Chinese Virus" or take it out on anyone of Asian descent, please unfollow me and go f yourself.
"Anti-Asian bigotry and anti-immigrant policies take center stage in right-wing media's coronavirus coverage." (via @existentialfish and  …
Let's talk about the deception from your party shall we? PS Asian Americans are getting attacked here because of your racist rhetoric. 
Are you talking about the Asian reporter from OANN?
Books are proven to increase empathy in kids. Please counter the xenophobia that some leaders in the country insist on spreading by sharing Asian stories by Asian authors with your kids! Here's a few lists to get you started!  …  …
Once asian restaurants start opening up again, I suggest we check customers’ social media to see if they said anything racist about us before we serve them. Actually any racist shit about anyone. Starve, bitch.
I've been thinking about epidemics in South Asian legal history. On the 1896 arrival of the bubonic plague in Bombay, from two memoirists of the legal profession, A. J. C. Mistry and Norman Macleod:  …
This is a kind reminder to check in on your Asian friends during this pandemic. T*ump continues to say hurtful statements like calling Covid-19 the "Chinese Virus" and saying that he believes Asian Americans would agree with w/ his "Kung Flu" term.
Imagine if we had stomped out xenophobia and racism a long time ago? Asian people all over the globe wouldn’t be being attacked. If everyone had broadband  access by now? Distance learning would be possible for everyone & schools wouldn’t be fundraising.
“‘You're Chinese, why did you bring corona to America?’ a passenger asks a woman, prompting another rider to step in.” Fellow New Yorkers and people everywhere: look out for each other and don’t let these anti-Asian racist shits attack people. Intervene!  …
Mexico City knows how to react to earthquakes, Florida to hurricanes, California to fires, and Asian countries to pandemics. The problem is when a hurricane hits Mexico City, an earthquake hits China, or a pandemic spreads outside Asia.  …
"Oh so 'Yellow Submarine' isn't racist but when I call Asian people 'yellow' it is?"
Exclusive: New poll shows Asian American voters could give Democrats a big boost in 2020 battleground districts  …
Fox News and right-wing pundits are aiding Trump in stoking anti-Asian racism  …
cannot emphasize enough how important it is to stand up for our asian friends against fascist racism & scapegoating. who protects us? we protect us. #antiracism  …
Now more than ever, we need positive representations of Asian Americans beyond fears of COVID-19. Here is a full reading of my book "A Map Into the World" for children, educators and parents. Thank you @LernerBooks 
This virus has nothing to do with nationality, race, or ethnicity—it is a global problem. Xenophobia, hate crimes, and perpetuating stigma against Asian-Americans is appalling. This is a time to look out for our neighbors, and to unite against COVID-19.
If you hear someone call this a Chinese flu or Asian Pandemic or any other RACIST FICKING BULLSHIT like that say something. If you are going out and shopping do it at Asian grocery stores. We can’t do this AGAIN y’all, not again. Not ever.
Really hate all the East-Asian “never knew racism existed until this pandemic” takes. Shows how dismissive y’all are of Black testimonies/experiences that don’t directly affect you.  …
every asian american i know is scared and there have already been hate crimes, assaults, harassment. stand the FUCK up against racism. get groceries from asian markets. protect your neighbors. resist racism in this pandemic.
So Rayciss for them to be attacking an Asian reporter
This never “accept responsibility” President uses xenophobia to shift blame to foreigners and immigrants. His racially  attempt to direct fear and anger to anyone but himself, causing unjustified fear among Trump supporters of Asian Americans and their businesses.
We join @aaja @nabj @nahj @nlgja @najournalists in denouncing the escalating violence and rhetoric aimed at Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, including journalists, amid the coronavirus outbreak. Here is AAJA’s full statement: 
In response to the cancellation of the Assoc of Asian Studies conference #AAS2020, @PrincetonUPress is offering a 30% discount on multiple titles including my  book The War on the Uyghurs - use discount code ASI20 by May  …
charles. when there is ample evidence that the terminology is divisive and has caused undue and unnecessary scorn and harm to the  to persist in calling it anything other than covid-19 or coronavirus, when the  does, is beyond tone deaf.  …
Next time you hear someone argue that "Chinese Virus" is acceptable, ask them if they're cool with white Americans beating up Asian Americans. Because anyone with a brain can see that that is where " #ChineseVirus" is headed. #COVID19 #CoronaVirus
- Asian Flu: 4M deaths - SARS: 774 deaths - Bird Flu: 1,223 deaths - Wuhan Coronavirus: 9K deaths (so far) These 4 diseases have 1 thing  They all originated in China Until Communist China is punished, these outbreaks will continue RT if Trump should punish China!
Reporters can walk & chew gum. In these times, they must. We can ask about Pres Trump disbanding WH pandemic office in 2018, coronavirus testing being too slow & when outbreak might end. We can also ask about Asian Americans being attacked & offended by terms used by the WH.
Support your local Asian restaurants, y’all. They are hurting worse than most eateries due in part to ignorance. 
While shopping in an Asian market, a customer found a special variety of "cat nip" 
What makes it extremely hard for Asian Americans in particular is that we have pretty much no presence in the mainstream media. That allows those in power to use the few Asian Americans in the media to parrot their white supremacist narratives and gut the Asian 
having braved the packed Asian grocery and waited for eggs  back (they were out at TJ's): I made one of my favorite  meals, Cantonese spam and egg noodles. please share any pandemic meals you are making! 
Asian American bluechecks are always looked up to as spokespeople for  yet they don’t have the slightest idea how to talk about race: “I’m not Chinese, I’m Korean!” “I was born here! I’ve never even been to China!”
Unfortunately, Asian Americans can often be extremely racist against other Asian Americans. It happens quite frequently and is a tragic effect of colonization. It makes fighting white supremacy exponentially harder because we have to fight racism both within and without.
The Chinese government isn't Asian Americans in the US. Please stop the violence, hateful words, grafitti, etc that is currently spreading throughout all of the United States. It's now permeated almost every state I've seen ~ so be aware, be kind, be thoughtful.
Insane. Comparing the term Chinese food to Chinese virus is the epitome of false equivalency. One doesn’t carry an inherent negative tone and endanger anyone perceived as Asian. I’m literally screaming at the TV
I am currently watching @realDonaldTrump live. he pointed at an Asian reporter and said “you definitely shouldn’t be here” and refers to coronavirus as the “Chinese Virus”......and you want to tell me this man isn’t racist??? He is racist and so are you if you support that fool.
White supremacy is about using people of color to perpetuate racism against their own people. Just like having an Asian American reporter justify Trump’s use of racist term “Chinese Virus” during the White House Briefing on the Coronavirus. It’s called gaslighting and it hurts.
Corona ! Never before I have seen land borders being closed, people locked up at homes and businesses shut down on such a global scale. Is #coronavirus different than the Mexican flu, Spanish flu, Asian flu, Ebola etc? 
Kellyanne Conway says she’s married to an Asian American while defending Trump’s use of the term ‘Chinese virus’ 
"If you are hurting or threatening East Asian Americans because of a virus, you are both a criminal and a moron. So it should be easy to prosecute you." -US Attorney John Bash  …
So not that this matters - I’m lucking enough to live in the DC area. My choices of grocery stores <15 mile radius of my home: Trader Joe’s Whole Foods Wegman’s Giant Safeway Harris Teeter (every 1.25) Do you know what’s ALSO close to my home? Asian & Latino grocery stores
Support your local Asian grocery store (H Mart, 99 Ranch, mom & pop shops)! They're well stocked & feature useful items for people who are confined at home: amazing ramen. Also the only item limit they have is on 10lb bags of rice (rest of world hoards TP...we hoard rice ) 
The Native American Journalists Association is standing with the Asian American Journalists Association in condemning "anti-Asian racism" amid the #COVID19 pandemic. #Coronavirus #Racism @najournalists 
Let me explain it, so even a cretinous racist can understand: 1. The coronavirus has a name, covid-19. 2. When you make up a different name during a pandemic, you increase discrimination against Asian Americans. 3. You do this to distract from how Trump bungled our response.
Attacking a nation and a race, without pointing out that it wasn't the fault of the citizens of China & certainly not the fault of Asian Americans . . . Is irresponsible and racist. It puts American citizens at riskof attack and it does nothing to blunt the impact of the virus.  …
it’s okay if you haven’t heard of arashi, but remember that their success and popularity do not need to be validated by the west to be significant. please do not pretend you care about international asian music success if bts success is the only form you accept.
Karrueche Tran calls out anti-Asian xenophobia amid #CoronaVirus:  
Arashi and BTS,, 2 asian artist conquering 2/3 from top3 best selling album worldwide in the middle of western music domination??? beautiful
Congrats @arashi5official It's amazing to see an old act respected in Japan, popular in many Asian countries be N°1! It's also  to North American & britain acts! I'm glad for them who has managed to last in  jpop game turning a household act
So really at this point ... Grammys just hate Asians right? We have 2 Asian groups outselling Western artist but for them if your song is not in English, you’re not worth it
wait im so proud of this asian representation. glad to see my fellow pocs change the game  …
Calling a virus from China the Chinese virus isn’t “racist.” But I’m pretty sure thinking every Asian person you see must be “Chinese” is.  …
#JantaCurfew | He appealed to the people rather than telling them what to do. It's a highly contagious virus; and 80% people don't get symptoms, and that's how it spreads, and the way to stop that is to stay home: Padma Bhushan Dr Ramakanta Panda, MD, Asian Heart institute
The only Asian Americans in this country that people really hate are @tedlieu and @GeorgeTakei because everything  out of their ignorant mouths is against American  …
. @BTS_twt "MOTS: PERSONA" ranks @#3 on 2019 IFPI’s Global Album chart, this is their 2nd consecutive year & also 1st Asian act to make top 10 Congratulations King’s #PersonaNo3GlobalAlbum #iHeartAwards #BestFanArmy #BTSARMY 
wHy aRe yoU So seNSitIvE? 1870: Naturalization Act barring Chinese from citizenship 1875: Page Act banning Chinese women 1882: Chinese Exclusion Act 1892: Geary Act forcing Chinese to carry IDs 1917: Asiatic Barred Zone Act barring all Asian immigration 1924: Asian Exclusion Act
i wonder if y’all’s president knows 2 children were STABBED in a Texas grocery store bc they’re Asian. & somehow he’s still allowed to call this a “chinese virus” on national tv. words matter. especially when you have nothing but ignorant, blind sheep listening to/following you.
Update: Apple's purchase limits appear to be in place worldwide. While there is no fine print indicating any limits outside of Asian countries, quantities are limited during the checkout process.  …
. @BTS_twt 'Map Of The Soul: Persona' rank at #3 on IFPI's Top 10 Global Best-selling Albums of 2019 This is their 2nd consecutive year to enter in the Top 10. They are also the first Asian act to appear on this chart.
We all know the new virus erupted in Wuhan, China. But calling it the “Chinese virus” is harmful. Asian Americans are being targeted w/ racist slurs & being physically attacked because of misperceptions. There will be time to hold Chinese Communist Party officials accountable.  …
As a Black, asian ppl being taken aback by racism in AMERICA has me tickled Like duh 
Hate doesn’t take a day off. Be sure to join me & @orensegal today at 2:30 PM for an incredibly timely discussion about how extremists are exploiting coronavirus to incite #antisemitism, anti-Asian #xenophobia & promote conspiracy theories. Register  …
The Asian vote swung 50+ points in the direction of the Democrats in 2018. I guess he’s not interested in reversing the trend.  …
To My Asian American Friends: I sincerely hope that you turn out in droves to vote against Trump for president in November. It is clear now that he not only hates black, Latino, and Muslim Americans but you as well. Together we can defeat this racist pig... if we unite.
FYI misinformed media: CHINESE is not a RACE, it's an ethnicity. ASIAN is the RACE of the great, oppressed people of China and many other countries. Carry on morons! #ThursdayThoughts
. @realdonaldtrump continues using the phrase “Chinese virus” for the coronavirus, but that term could foster discrimination toward people of Chinese or Asian origin:  
There is no problem with blaming the Chinese Communist Party for their role in causing this pandemic but the rhetoric of this U.S. administration seems highly likely to deflect public outrage onto innocent Asians and Asian-Americans.  …
Reporters need to confront the president daily at every briefing with the stories of violence and discrimination against Asian Americans because of his racist characterization of COVID-19. Every single day.
Stand up to racism. Your neighbours of Asian descent are not responsible for this.  …
Action continues to be slow in Anchorage so I'll continue to reminisce about past adventures. This Asian Fairy Bluebird and many other birds provided great views in a fruiting tree in Khao Yai National Park #Thailand 
The ghost of Latasha Harlins looking at Asian people cry about racism: 
Asian Americans are so hurt by this racism because they thought they were down with the whites lol
Wasn’t trying to get likes or attention, really. Just pointing out that calling the virus “Chinese” is dangerous because it can cause uninformed people to be angry/violent towards Asian people. Kinda like how gay men were blamed for HIV. Why point fingers when it affects us all?
I’m proud to be part Asian. #ThursdayThoughts #coronavirus 
I honestly don’t understand how Kelly & George are still married. Aside from the million things Kelly Anne has done/said/supported...she’s now bringing up your “25% Asian” children to defend this racist Potus?????
InsecureHBO's "Alexander Hodge Is Breaking Barriers For Asian-Australian Men On Screen"  
The same self-serving man who risked our nat’l security to try & get Ukraine to help him beat Biden is now risking the safety of Asian Americans to try & use Coronavirsus against Biden. We’ll work together to beat this pandemic, but I’ll  …
I have never seen a photo of Laura Ingraham in which she looked anything less than angrily constipated. On a more important note, the BS blame shifting to China when it was @realDonaldTrump's pathetic response in the US will get Asian-Americans killed.  …
Saying "but the Chinese government does bad things" in the context of racist backlash is derailing. Of course the Chinese government is fucked. But the backlash affects the innocent more than the guilty. A Central Asian Uighur refugee of Chinese state violence would face it.
At the height of the 80s anti-Japanese panic, two white men killed Vincent Chin, a Chinese-American, in revenge for "Japanese stealing jobs". They paid a $3000 fine and never served jail time. When racists get mad at any E/SE Asian country, their brain defaults to "all the same".
Stigmatizing a group of people during a pandemic hurts EVERYONE because the stigmatized groups may avoid getting tested/treated and non-stigmatized groups who can be carriers may go untested. The World Health Organization says not to use terms like Chinese, Wuhan or Asian virus!
Day 19 #WomensHistoryMonth Helen Nguyen & Makana Jarman, Founders of Cake Nouveau an Asian-Pacific fusion bakery that takes inspiration from the owner’s ethnic backgrounds to create modern, unique desserts to share with all of us in the Pacific Northwest #SheFliesWithHerOwnWings 
A friend of mine was at Wegmans & a man came up & threatened to kill him. Why? Because he's Asian & was wearing a respirator mask. This happens here. In  In the grocery store. Stop the racist rhetoric re #COVID19US. It has real consequences. For real people. #NY24
I'm Asian it's Chinese virus
What @KateMessner is saying... Taking all suggestions of great reads by Asian authors.  …
im sick of people wanting china to take responsibility for COVID19 and here's why: thread 1/ the rest of the world chose to profile it as a chinese/asian virus and sit on their asses for more than a month doing NOTHING 
Thank you. As an Asian who is at risk of any bigoted attacks  agree that we can’t dismiss China’s involvement in all this. The silencing of the doctor, his death, the outrage on Weibo, their Health Officials all getting fired are and will remain facts.
The tweet reads in part "If you are hurting or threatening East Asian Americans because of a virus, you are both a criminal and a moron."  …
Dear Ted Lieu: This virus was manufactured in a lab in Wuhan, China so it's the #ChineseWuhanVirus #ChinaLiedPeopleDied You being a lying little weasel & paid shill for CHINA is disgusting to behold. BTW I'm Asian & have not experienced one act of discrimination from anyone.  …
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Final Battle – 2nd Update 
Lana Condor Accused Trump Of "Endangering" Asian Americans By Repeatedly Referring To The Coronavirus As "The Chinese Virus"  …
Apple Sets Purchase Limits on New iPad Pro, New MacBook Air, and iPhones in Several Asian Countries  … by 
Americans of Asian descent are being targeted, harassed, and in some cases are the victims of violence over this. It has to end.
Another story on Taiwan's success in containing the outbreak. This @WIRED piece does a great job in debunking the theory that only authoritarian police states, or those with "Asian values," can fight the crisis. Nope. Taiwan has done it with  & transparency.  …
The Asian Develo­pment Bank and the World Bank to provide $588 million to Pakistan for its emergency response to fight coronavirus. 
Trump Continues Calling the Coronavirus "Chinese" Despite Reports of Anti-Asian Hate Crimes  
RESOURCE: To address discrimination against Asian Americans related to #COVIDー19, @A3PCON and @CAAsanfrancisco have launched this for people to report incidents of hate:  . It's deeply saddening that folks have to be worried about violence in this time.
All true. The  government did all this and much worse to the Chinese people. And enabling racists to bully Asian-Americans does nothing to help anyone but racists.  …
nah man, how do you just stand there and record and not confront these people. If it wasn’t for that one dude, it would’ve been this Asian man to fend for himself against two xenophobic whites. People really have to step up and stand for others. They taught this in school bruh.
The way people every damn Asian language is Chinese is just...... 
Asian girls got blessed  …
Like I said, young people in the US are not as healthy as European or Asian young people. We have different diets. We do not have good or free healthcare, which means a ton of us likely have underlying conditions. I fully expect it to look different over here.  …
If you are hurting or threatening East Asian Americans because of a virus, you are both a criminal and a moron. So it should be easy to prosecute you. #18USC249 #18USC875
I remember the big arguments Lee Kuan Yew got into with Westerners over his concept of "Asian values". Lee Kuan Yew believed  good superseded individual rights. Period. Westerners (especially Americans) have a lot of trouble accepting that.  …
hello!! i'm new to nsfw twitter. - 16 - dom/top - her/they - lesbian - asian - single ♡ like for a dm ↻ rt for mutual 
Trudeau’s Chief Public Health Officer Dr. Theresa Tam slammed “racist” #coronavirus fears — but signed off on a 2006 study warning of an ASIAN pandemic! @SheilaGunnReid found the report... and it contained some very prophetic findings. WATCH:  
South Asian countries like Pakistan and India are beginning to see their first fatalities from the coronavirus outbreak. 
Today I am happy to announce that my #TheSims4 world mod called "Asian Adventures" will bring a touch of Asia into your game. Visit or live in Sakura Hills. Your new destination where cherry blossom trees are always in full bloom. Releases: Patreon: March 27th Public: April 6th 
the only time i have ever been ok with the lack of asian representation in hollywood  …
you: [walking down the street] racist: [taking out a knife to kill you] disgusting asians, this Chinese flu is all your fault you, a non-chinese asian: I’m not chinese racist: omg I’m so sorry to have bothered you!! please continue going about your day!!
Asian countries face second coronavirus wave, fuelled by people importing it from outside 
So you think China and every other Asian country is capable of stopping the virus, but America isn't? Interesting.
What being Asian during the pandemic feels like. 
The fact that ⁦ @POTUS⁩ is using this moment in time to use racist rhetoric is insane. Besides causing real danger to Asian Americans and all people of Asian descent, you can forget any cooperation from China to help fight this pandemic.  …
What about Spanish Flu, West Nile Virus, Asian Flu, and Hong Kong Flu?!  …
Is Elizabeth Warren's statement about how Trump's eyes are "stitched shut" a reference to Asian eyes? What a racist!
Dear @realDonaldTrump, Nobody is immune to the coronavirus. It doesn’t matter whether you are: Young or Old; Black or White; Republican or Democrat; Socialist or Capitalist; Rich or Poor; Asian or American; So don’t give us any of that “Chinese virus” bullshit. CHT
this is insane. pic 1 and 2 are the ramen and rice on the ‘asian food’ aisle of my local grocery store. pic 3 and 4 are where the rice and ramen used to be for the ‘general’ section of THE SAME STORE. 
The worst part is that none of this faux outrage is about actual Chinese people in China. It's about protecting the fee fees of a small circle of woke upper middle class Asian-Americans (Chinese or otherwise).
No one wants to see Asian people harassed, attacked, targeted or blamed for something that isn't their fault. We're not #FDR, after all. But this is ridiculous. #2020election  …
Can someone tell the idiot media and ignorant hollywood that the word chinese means a nationality not a race. If Trump called the virus the Asian virus then they could say its racist.
My Quarantine Routine: 7am wake up: -Look at futures levels (Cry) -Coffee -look at twitter (cry) 12pm->12am -Eat cold pasta with ketchup read news(cry while eating) -Watch the markets and twitter (cry) -Idiots on TIKTOK 1am -lose at FIFA against an asian kid (cry) Sleep  …
Or worrying that when I go out for a walk I get itchy eyes and start sneezing it might be Coronavirus, only  inside with a huge wave of relief that it's allergies. (Also worrying that if, as an asian person, I sneeze outside, someone is going to attack me.)  …
We ask all to stand in solidarity against xenophobia and racial targeting of Asian Americans due to harmful stereotyping about COVID-19. If you are intimidated, harassed, or assaulted, call 911 immediately. You can also report hate crimes here:  …
Asians are experiencing racism in the wake of the Coronavirus, and hatred & violence are encouraged when people call it the "Chinese Virus." Call it what it is, a global pandemic, and let's unify in support of our phenomenal  Be kind, wash your hands, stay strong. 
Dear Ted Lieu, you must be taking orders from China @realDonaldTrump is calling it like it is. We the American people call it the Chinese Corona Virus and I still eat Asian food
Attorney Elizabeth OuYang says President Trump is wrong to refer to the coronavirus as the "Chinese virus," as it gives the impression that people of Asian descent are to blame for the outbreak. "This leads to … hate crimes that we've seen from California to New York." 
Asian Americans trying to pay the woke game is so silly. Very grateful their high iq isn’t in the verbal category.
Asian fucking Yoda #Encantadia 
I identified five dollar balance sheets outside the US -- global banks that run a dollar business, Asian insurers that hedge their dollar bonds, Chinese banks and firms, big state  and EMs with dollarized domestic banking system. Are there other important ones?  …
No one : Asian Lifters during quarantine: 
I’m tired of white people telling me that dubbing COVID-19 the “Chinese Virus” isn’t racist. Fuck off with that bullshit you inbred pieces of white trash. Asian Americans are being assaulted around this country for simply existing. You have no right to tell us how to feel!
Calling the novel coronavirus a "Chinese" disease is racist and is already causing Asian people to be physically and verbally assaulted. Call it out when you see it. Report it. And if you witness someone being attacked and it's safe for you to intervene, do so.
Advancing Justice got a site up to document anti-Asian racism stories. Tell your story and pass it on! 
I'm pleased to announce the Asian Online Political Science Seminar Series. AOPSSS is intended to provide a new forum for political scientists in Asia to present their work. The wave of seminar, conference, & talk cancellations both within Asia and across the world has 1/7
| chloebennet via ig: “The Asian  needs allies right now. Please speak out against the racist Cheeto in Chief. ” 
After 9/11, there was a spike in hate crimes against Muslim Americans, and now Asian Americans are experiencing the same. Please do not do this. We all need to work together. #WeTheMany #Solidarity  …
Spanish flu was named such b/c Spain was the 1st to recognize the pandemic. The others are river &/or forrest where the virus originated COVID-19 has an official name & the refusal to call it such pushes xenophobia which is prompting racial profiling against Asian ppl everywhere  …
Weird how these "journalists," and this is the one who claims to have been told "Kung Flu" by someone she won't name, simply say attacks against Asian-Americans are being caused by this but don't ever cite any proof of it. If they're happening, proving them should be easy.  …
We join hands with Asian neighbors to fight Covid-19! We and Alibaba Foundation will donate 2 million masks, 150k test kits, 20k protective suits and 20k face shields to Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand. More help to other Asian nations is on the way! Go Asia!
India locks down Kashmir region on coronavirus fears, South Asian markets slide  
“More” discrimination against Asian Americans? You’re pathetic @tedlieu (1) You poor thing feel discriminated? U.S. Representative for California's 33rd congressional district since 2015 (2) It’s American alone. Drop the Asian. And, truth be told, it’s USA CITIZEN
Don’t let me get in my My Wife and Kids bag. That show was fucking hilarious. Best ep the Asian restaurant.
There are Asian Americans living in our country as well, they have just as much fear, anxiety and struggle to deal with just like all of us - they shouldn't have to deal with prejudices, stereotypes, discrimination and racism. You're speaking on behalf of our Whitehouse - GTFU!
The past weeks have shown an uptick in assaults, both verbal and sometimes physical, on Asian Americans, leaving many feeling unsafe in their own country. Our leaders should be stamping down this ignorance. But this is America. 
My  about not being able to find flour or rice. I told him to check the Asian grocery store. "Ewww no way that place is probably filthy & it came from there." My wife is Asian. It enraged me.
[POLL] Vote for #Jungkook. The finalist with the  number of votes from online poll, FB, Twitter & IG will be named “Ultimate Asian Heartthrobs 2020"! Voting is UNLIMITED. Plz vote, refresh page & vote again. Poll closes April 6, 2020.  …
Singapore has moved all its hawkers indoors, and other big Asian cities are following suit 
Good morning white America! Today, in addition to keeping your butt on the couch if you possibly can, your job is to push back against the racist, xenophobic term 'Chinese flu.' Asian-Americans are in the line of fire and it's our job to stand up for them.
Good morning. The US economy and small biz is being decimated because of bad math and dysfunctional data modeling. We will soon  the Wuhan virus issue, and the Asian continent makes that reality quite clear. We need to flatten the panic curve. The fearmongering must end.
Interesting #LNG chart from my colleague @a_shiryaevskaya Asian LNG spot prices have inched higher as European gas prices have dropped as nations grapple with the fast-spreading coronavirus. The widening spread may spur suppliers to send cargoes to Asia 
Countries worldwide are reporting an uptick in assaults against citizens of Asian descent. Racism has no place among good people, no matter how challenging times may be.  …
Great to see @GMB this morning with double asian representation 
Asian American sellout journalists rn: "Why are these Americans attacking me!? I am an American!? Do you know who I am!?" Racists: "yea, you're a Ch*nk. Take your Chinese virus away with you!" Sellout journalist: "but I'm not Ch...." Racists: "GET OUT OF MY COUNTRY!"
Was talking to an ER nurse friend of mine last night. She’s an Asian American, born here. Yesterday a guy came into the ER & refused to let her near him. That’s where we’re at.
Asian American Boba Liberal journalists have for years spread false information about Asia, making Asian countries look bad in order to appeal to a white audience. Now they are crying about racism against Asians when they were partially responsible for promoting it.
The Central Asian countries have known for weeks that the coronavirus would hit them soon, but the responses by the five countries in how to deal with it have been very different. By  …
Sexy asian boys only exist on twitter
Headlines focus on restrictions, but the East Asian experience shows other methods are critical, too.  …
BBC News - Coronavirus: Asian nations face second wave of imported cases  …
#IPMBetOfTheDay Santana Vs Ypiranga Ypiranga -1.5 Asian Handicap Brazil Campeonato Amapaense, 8:00PM Price: 2.000 (Bet365) 2 point stake
Dear Ted, coronavirus has an epicenter, Wuhan. Xi and  thugs lied about the contagion and let it spread until Xi could lie no more. Your "Asian bias" line is diversionary. It is the Wuhan or Chinese flu. Point of origin, you devious fool.  …
Is your #lab or #hospital affected by #maskshortage or shortages in other #PPE due to #COVID19 #coronavirus? A friend of mine is in contact with Asian suppliers with plenty of stock who can ship to Europe and US. DM me and I'll put you touch. Please retweet to your network. 
VIDEO: A massive coronavirus prayer session takes place in Bangladesh as the South Asian nation reports its first death from the global pandemic. Local police said 10,000 people gathered in a field in southern Bangladesh to pray "healing verses" from the Koran 
There is no crisis so bad that Nigel #Farage can't make it even worse with some vicious racism. Faithfully following the lead given by the monster in the White House. This has to stop. People of Asian origin are already being abused & attacked in the US & the UK. 
[Voting #Taehyung #Jungkook] Starmometer's 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Online poll:  … Current status: 1. Taehyung: 28.77% (139K) 3. Jungkook: 23.61% (114K) Twitter, FB and IG voting link below. Keep voting!! #100AsianHeartthrobs2020 #BTSV #V #뷔 
But hey, let’s blame Asian people for spreading the disease right? You can say “I mean the China govt not Chinese people” to poorly cover up your racism all you want, but at the end of the day, racist idiots are gonna harass anyone that looks Asian. Meanwhile  …
Let's run a thought experiment. You are Nigerian. You want to emigrate to a rich country. Racism is a concern for you, because you are black. The country you go to will not have many blacks. Would you prefer to live in a rich white country, Arab country, or Asian country?  …
It popularizes the old racist idea that Chinese people are dirty & diseased and that has hurt not only Chinese people, but also people of Chinese descent living outside China, Asian-Americans as well as other Asians, mainly those of East Asian descent. 2/
No one is denying that it originated from China. However, the term "Chinese Virus" attaches a global pandemic to an ethnic identity, which is dangerous. It creates a stigma that has escalated into verbal abuse & physical assault against Asian people in thousands worldwide. 1/
You know what started in China? Asian Flu, SARS, Bird Flu, Swine Flu & now #COVID19 that will kill MILLIONS. Fact. China not even making respirators for us. Their FILTHY habits & animal abuse will kill Millions in UK alone. Pay up or n#ke  …
This constant dehumanising “othering” of Chinese by the @guardian, fronted by an Asian journalist, is a danger to Chinese people in the west. Chinese  too. “China uses soft power to position itself as a leader in tackling coronavirus”  …
Bigyan ng Title Anong Korean or other asian Teleserye or Movie ito? Follow us for follow back and more celebrities updates! #KaoRhys #KaoriOinuma #RhysEugenio #AskKami Photo credits to the 
We have shops overcharging and then there's my mum's local Asian shop where the guy let her have some goods (because he hadn't set the prices yet) and told her to pay later. May Allah put barakah in his business.
Thank you Sen John Cornyn (which my autocorrect insists should be Crony!)for your leadership in uniting the country, fostering solidarity & protecting your Asian-American citizens in this dire, divisive crisis.  …
The pandemic has turned everyone I know on WhatsApp into an Asian auntie and am waiting to see what panic-inducing ‘facts’ today’s kitty party will bring.
. @Ripple sets up a new partnership to expand its Asian presence #Ripple #RippleNet  $XRP  …
Corona hasn't caused racism towards Asian people or antisemitism towards Jews. It has just revealed it. What we can learn from tweets like these is that we live in deeply bigoted societies that look for any excuse to target minorities. 
The Asian Develo­pment Bank (ADB) and the World Bank on  to providing $588 million to Pakistan for its emergency response to fight coronavirus and cater to the socioeconomic impact of the pandemic.  
A month ago Greta was telling the world that It might drown in a couple hundred years, meanwhile an asian girl with a bat and some spare soup said, here, hold my beer!
What a load a crap. I’m also married to an Asian American and she thinks you’re a virtue signaling moron. There is zero risk of her being assaulted because we define a virus by where it originated, like we’ve always done. She also added, delete your account!  …
Chinese scientists are working tirelessly to look for a cure for COVID 19, Asian countries are putting money together to fund a scientific research for this desease, All European countries are coordinating serious scientific research to look for a cure, American scientists are ..
To all “we’re Anti-CCP, not anti-China or anti-Chinese” Think-tank analysts, journalists and academics You *might* be able to tell the difference. Unfortunately, many others cannot Some of us have warned about this wave. Now we’re seeing it. #Racism #Prejudice #Chinese #Asian  …
Credit markets keep reeling despite #ECB’s stimulus boost. Asian dollar bond spreads blow out further as liquidity drops.  
NZ Asian writers, artists, illustrators, zinemakers: please submit be your short diary entries for Stay Home Diary @bittermelonpoem  … 
Central Asian countries are really different in their approach. While #Uzbekistan is relaxed inside the country, #Kazakhstan closes Almaty and Nur-sultan for a quarantine. Today's picture from #Almaty by my friend Abduaziz 
#Coronavirus: Asian nations face second wave of imported cases  … #Covid_19 #BewareOfCOVID19 #CoronavirusPandemic #CoronavirusOutbreak
Video shows a passenger defending an Asian woman facing racism on the New York subway amid upticks in xenophobic discrimination. 
Dear @KellyannePolls: I also happen to be married to an Asian American. And she is at higher risk of being assaulted because of unnecessary rhetoric by @realDonaldTrump. Can you please tell your boss to stop using xenophobic language. Also, our hospitals need test kits.  …
The fact that the same people who avoided Asian food due to the coronavirus are now stockpiling pasta is incredibly telling
I’m literally Asian you dipass, how tf am I gonna be racist to myself?  …
Kung Flu Kim Jong Illness Ah Chu Flu-Tang Clan Die Kwon-Do Ouchi Mai Lung (I'm Asian. I can make these jokes I want)  …
President Trump defends using “Chinese virus” to refer to COVID-19, telling @CeciliaVega it is “not racist at  from China.” The use of the term has been under scrutiny amid reported incidents of bias against Asian Americans.  
Racism is just a Trump tactic of distraction. Don't fall for it America! Trump should man up and own his failures. We certainly have plenty of Asian doctors here trying to help people. Decent people see that!  …
Why did Ray Hadley @2GB873 name Asian Australians *specifically* as those panic buying in his Peter Dutton interview? Racist, dangerous & will result in more racial abuse to Asians. At a time when we need leadership, fear merchants are using bigotry to divide us #covid19australia
you are not an "01 liner" you are a caucasian teenager living in minnesota with kpop posters on your wall and a mom who doesnt understand what kpop is but nicely asks you if "these are your boys" every time she sees a group of more than 2 asian people on the TV
And Asian restaurants have been losing more business than other places. Asian market places were also fully stocked for far longer than other places... Not just Chinese ones either, because a lot of people are ignorant and think, Asian = Chinese = Disease carrier...
how he gon yell at an asian man? in serramonte of all places?  …
You're missing the context in the USA. The Chinese government is at fault for lying, this is true. Our president calling the virus, "the China Virus," is increasing anti-asian sentiment here though. A small number of people have been attacked for being asian and looking sick...
Over in Bangladesh, a Muslim coronavirus prayer session involving at least 10,000 worshippers has sparked fears of widening the outbreak in the South Asian nation. The worshippers were reportedly praying for the nation to be rid of the virus, where one person has already died. 
Reporter: Why do you keep calling the Coronavirus the "Chinese Virus"? There are reports of violence against Asian-Americans. Trump:  from China. That's why." This Man @realDonaldTrump has Guts.! #ChineseWuhanVirus 
We can't allow grifters like @JoyAnnReid and the  change the meaning of what racism truly means. This is why we must demand a bailout by this government for years of crimes against our humanity.  …
Seven of the ten countries most affected by #COVID19 are Western, 2 Asian, 1 Middle East. UK deaths spiking, approaching France levels as schools, universities in Britain close from today. 
93 Tests, 433 wickets, 5-fers 34,10-fers 9, 9/127 best career Test inns bowling, 1699 runs with 3 half centuries, 10th highest wicket taker in Test history, most Test wickets by a leftarm bowler. Herath's 363 Test wickets most by an Asian in 2010s decade. Happy Birthday Rangayya.
. @Shudder is offering a free month for shut-ins? That's great. Watch @thejoelynch's MAYHEM. Steven Yeun is that rare Asian-American lead with a white love interest (the already-legendary Samara Weaving). Yeun is masculine, sympathetic, kick-ass. Weaving's exceptional. It's great.
I wanted to let everyone know there is a fundraiser for the Asian father and son who were brutally stabbed in a grocery store in Texas:  …
The Asian Flu in 1956 killed between one and four million people worldwide. SARS in 2002 infected 8,098 and killed 774 in seventeen counties. No denying it. China needs to clean up its act. Why Do New Disease Outbreaks Always Seem to Start in China?  …
President Trump was pressed for the second straight day on why he is calling the coronavirus the "Chinese virus," amid instances of bigotry against Asian Americans  
The anti Chinese/Asian sentiment needs to stop right now. I am not having it now or ever. Last thing we need is to make anyone a scapegoat. F that racist BS, Thats the devils plan.
Asian-American here, thank you so much for touching on how Trump is fueling racism by not calling it "coronavirus" or "COVID-19"! I'm legit scared to go out to get necessities because I don't know what kind of aggression I may face. Please protect your Asian friends. Stay well!
Jungkook Nation PLEASE SHARE THIS FB POST MULTIPLE TIMES 1 SHARE = 5 VOTES • LINK HERE:  … Let’s make Jungkook win Asian Heartthrob 2020 #정국 #JUNGKOOK #جونقكوك #BTS 
the argument theyre making about “well it started in China” just makes it seem like they don’t think of Asian Americans as...Americans They think this only effects another country and not Americans (not that being racist to a country makes it better but you get the point)
In view of the COVID-19 cases reported from Gautam Buddha Nagar, two new isolation wards will be set up at Asian Institute of Medical Science in Sector 40 and Mitra Hospital in Sector 35 in Noida: District Magistrate Gautam Buddha Nagar 
Asian stocks fell and the dollar surged on Thursday, stoking fears of a dollar liquidity squeeze as the coronavirus pandemic piles pressure on corporate balance sheets and investors offload assets 
It’s infuriating & scary that Trump’s inciting hate against Asian people so I’m reminding myself that every single Nazi rally that happened after Charlottesville had WAY more anti-Nazis than Nazis. Every single one. There are more of us than them. We will stand up to their hate.
The original video was posted by HR-Vex on YouTube and shows one racist white dude yelling at an Asian guy to go away. You can see one  from left field trying to side bust and telling the man to walk away because she has xenophobia and is a racist as well. 
"You have no idea the ramifications your racist words and actions have on the Asian  
My wife - a Texas-born Asian-American - told me she’s been seeing reports of attacks on Asian-Americans by moronic racists who blame them for the virus (because Fucks News is pushing a racist propaganda agenda). She’s nervous. I’m so angry right now.
I find it very unsettling how many progressives want  marginalize or erase the Asian American man who is literally changing this country right now.
Dear @realDonaldTrump: Your tweet will lead to more discrimination against Americans who happen to be of Asian descent. Please stop dividing Americans. Also, can you please use Act below to get protective equipment to hospitals? I spoke to ER doc who said they will soon run out.  …
That was my question too. I think we have a little but of Trump hating embellishment. I also have 3 half Asian kids and they’ve not had that problem.
By the way, I DID stop by an Asian supermarket and guess what? That place still had PLENTY OF FOOD. Seeing the news about people lining up at Costco at 3am is crazy. Go shop Asian markets. They aren't ransacked and they need your business. #coronavirus #groceries
Even @TwitterMoments can’t help but be useful idiots for the Chinese Communist Party. It is not “dangerous” or “racist” to point out where the virus came from. Asian Americans are not being attacked en masse. Shame on Twitter for peddling this narrative. 
WATCH: @TriviumOfficial's @matthewkheafy 'making up' Asian tour with full set streams:  …
Indonesian president Jokowi finally calls for “rapid testing on a massive scale” and flags the use of hotels and Jakarta’s Asian Games athletes village, capacity 15,000, as emergency hospitals as the country’s #COVID19 cases climb steeply and the govt attempts to play catch up.
Black people promoting the xenophobia against the  has me HOT.
As much as I'd like to tweet positivity and focus on #AcademicChatter, I know how difficult this moment is for the  when my wife and I feel anxious about going out for shopping & errands, hearing recent news about hate crimes. Hatred is NOT a solution to a virus.
Why do you see one asian doing this and decide "oh yeah this definitely represents your whole race"  …
Yes the Chinese GOVERNMENT. Not the Chinese people. Not other Asian countries who have nothing to do w/China. Now imagine if we were individually blamed/targeted for every decision our gov’t made. On our continent. That is what it’s like for Asians in America being attacked  …
SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL ASIAN GROCERS They're affordable, stock awesome food you can't find anywhere else, you'll be supporting small business, and they're a natural repellent to the racist cretins you'll find sniffing around the aisles of your local supermarket! 
Yes. And one thing that drives me crazy: people talk about successful responses of "Asian autocracies" -- neglecting that South Korea and Japan are liberal democracies. They do so with other policies as well.  …
And I'm not one to play the victim game. I know there is racism and have faced it just as much as you have growing up in Asian-less Rochester and mostly ignore it because I have thick skin. Still, I have never felt this awkward and insecure about stepping outside in my life.
John  are disgusting, dangerous, and racist. Asian Americans have already been the victims of hate crimes because of Trump and the Republican Party’s racism. We will vote Cornyn out in November. Help us here:   …
God I'm so touched you're supporting me this hard when you don't even know the mechas are designed after East Asian myth creatures like the Nine-Tailed Fox, the Vermilion Bird, the Yellow Dragon, etc. I PROMISE THE BOOK WILL BE COOL
Trump knew since January himself about the corona virus calling it a hoax, now attacking Asian Americans, I have said it before : #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist  …
I wrote briefly about hunger. As an Asian, food is a love language. “Have you eaten?”might as well be I love you. Maybe this is true in some way for you too? Tell me about how you’re nourished. What foods  & love to you? I’m all alone and could use the distraction. 
My little boy is half Korean. Asian. He’s 9. He told me, “Be careful of Chinese people. They make you sick.” My eyes welled up. Where did he get this? I had to explain to him why it was wrong. Our President knows what he’s doing. He knows he’s looking to escape blame by hate.
These are just some of the consequences of allowing these goofball bigots to get away with dabbling in anti-Asian racism.  …
Shifting production from one Asian mega nation to another does solve problem. Only onshoring manufacturing back to the US & the Anglosphere does.  …
With the people up in arms over the usage of ''China Virus'' why aren't we also upset that we call Asian food Chinese food?
The COVID-19 racist xenophobia is not America’s debut at anti-Asian bigotry. America has a proud history of scapegoating Asian-Americans. In times of crisis, non-whites are the go to people to blame, anything less is simply, un-American. 
Coronavirus: Asian nations faces second wave of imported cases 
Norah not even asian LMFAOOOOOOO 
It is disgusting to hear @realDonaldTrump use the phrase 'Chinese Virus' and then to hear the ugly phrase 'Kung Flu' used by White House staff; this is then picked up by sections of the US population and it provokes toxic anti-Asian violence and jingoism against China.
When the President dubs #COVID19 'Chinese virus,” there are real hate crime risks for Asian Americans. #abc13  
calling all asian-identifying youth Xenophobia is NOT okay, and we must rally against it. If you’re interested in joining a group of progressive Asian youth, please let me know!
President Trump said he does "not at all" believe such terms put Asian Americans at risk. “I think they probably would agree with it 100 percent,” the president said.  from China." 
Need some books to read for #YARC2020? Then check out this list of 41 books by Asian authors! 
Getting a glimpse of how it must have felt like as an “Asian looking person” in Europe during the beginning of the virus outbreak. More then a hand full of passengers in #Beijing subway stood up and left after I sat down. What a plot 
"The family is Asian and according to Midland Mayor Patrick Payton, the FBI is also now helping with the investigation. That sometimes indicates that an incident is being investigated as a hate crime, although that hasn't been confirmed in this case."  …
I'm sorry but I am really regretting Asian immigration into Australia, I know it's not all Asians but it's clear these organized groups are causing heart ache to real Aussies. Our fair go way of life has been diluted through reckless immigration.  …
Asian twitter needs to understand Islam tells us to spread peace not hate.  …
Asian Americans are being harassed and beaten in the United States of America because Trump and @GOP only have racism and xenophobia to run on. Trump delayed testing because of re-elect. Fox News watchers on spring break. #BeInfected indeed.
 please sign these petitions! These ceremonies are appalling and considering all of the  from Asian countries eating animals they shouldn’t be- now is the time! It takes 2 seconds- PLEASE SIGN 
I wish I could truly express my anger through these next few words but I cannot stress this enough: FUCK. YOU. IF YOU ARE RACIST TOWARDS ASIANS AND ASIAN AMERICANS DURING THIS PANDEMIC. FUCK YOU if you’re racist at all. Go choke on a fucking dick and rot in hell.
I feel so hard for the  right. So many of my Asian friends have been telling me how terrified and fearful they are right now and it honestly breaks my heart
How is calling a virus that originated in Wuhan China #ChinaVirus stigmatizing Asian Americans? I have numerous Asian American friends and never once thought an American (who happens to be Asian) had any responsibility whatsoever. That’s your invention, not mine or others.
Corner shops, Asian supermarkets, independent health shops etc so much better stocked currently. So important to support them now too.
Coronavirus: Asian nations faces second wave of imported cases 
If you have not been looking, AUD and NZD down over 3% (4-5% from highs) in Asian trade. There are some massive moves  imo. And you have to be ready for a "capitulation" style move. Don't know when, don't know why. But you can feel it. #forex
What if I told you the majority of attacks on Asian Americans during this pandemic were not done by Trump supporters. We need to stop assigning stereotypes for who can be a racist in our country.
Day 21 of Lent: Garlic Shrimp with Chili Sauce and Asian Slaw 
Dear all of mainstream media: This Asian could CARE LESS that people are calling it the #KungFlu The MSM is the reason for the panic & mayhem happening over this #pLandemic , & every day that passes more people wake up to the fact that you’re all #BOUGHT 
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 – The Final Battle Which platform do you regularly vote on? Twitter:  Facebook:  Instagram:  Poll:  … #Jungkook #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 
The ADXY is gone. Biggest currency pattern I've ever seen. Ive been flagging this for a long time. Expect a CHY deval and pain across all of Asian FX and EM FX. 
Not all of use have the luxury to read in quarantine, but regardless I feel like there was never a better time to support work by Asian authors, so Imma start amplifying some Asian poets & writers whose work you should read; pls add more to this woefully  list
Absolutely thrilled to introduce #UnapologeticallyMuslim, a photo series in partnership with @BrownGirlMagWe're spotlighting visionary South Asian Muslim creatives in the lead up to #MuslimWomensDay. First up is @spacelordnova, a model, activist, actor and 
U.S. Gun Store Owners Say Asian Customers Are Buying Weapons Over Coronavirus Backlash Fears (Let me be VERY clear: I am posting this article to highlight how scared people are because it hurts my heart.)  …
The term "Chinese virus" identifies the disease's location of origin. There's nothing racist about pointing that out. To suggest that holding China responsible for the pandemic somehow "others" people who look Asian is pure projection. By the way, I am Chinese.  …
You must be surrounded by REALLY stupid people who think that everyone who looks East Asian is directly responsible for the criminal actions of the CCP. Find smarter friends, you won't be so ridiculously paranoid...  …
It’s also a fact that Asian Americans are being hurt by this. It’s engendering racism. Zero benefit to not calling it COVID-19. Very simple.
Reporter: "A person at the White House used the term Kung Flu... And do you think using the term Chinese virus puts Asian Americans at risk?" President Trump: "No, not at all. I think they probably would agree with it 100%.  from China. There's nothing not to agree." 
Trying to stay focused, but as bigotted attacks on Asian-Americams grow @realDonaldTrump continues to call it "The Chinese Virus" We should all be so disgusted. Trying to Infuse the must infuriating things with humor the @TheDailyShow got it  …
coronavirus is not chinese. coronavirus is not asian. have empathy and be kind to EVERYONE. together (..not physically haha) we are stronger! viruses don’t discriminate. wash your hands, and wash the hate. @WashTheHate #WashTheHate #falconstrong
. @lanacondor is calling out President Trump, whose refusal to call the coronavirus by its proper name is racist and puts the Asian  in danger  …
Singer Richard Marx who I don't know from a hole in the wall tweeted, “you’re a f**king racist” if you call COVID-19 Chinese virus & are cool with Trump’s hatred of innocent Asian Ams.. Xinhua News of Ppl’s Rep. of China"featured" the tweet. Nuff said!  …
9k people died so far because of the #ChineseVirus When this is all over, China must be held accountable. They must answer for their actions or lack of Every few years, China plagues the world with a new outbreak: Asian Flu, SARS, H7N9, COVID-19, etc. #ChinaLiedThousandsDied
He is putting Asian Americans in danger with his racism, but please, your annoyance takes precedence. Proceed, please.
“When the pandemic arrived, at least the World Health Organization leapt to action. First step: Find a cure? Develop a vaccine? NO! W.H.O officials got together and worked  up with a new name for the ‘Wuhan virus’ that sounded less Asian.” - @AnnCoulter Re: #COVID19
U mite not b racist but there r b racist people out there whose racism gets fueled by any excuse. I’m hearing of Asian people actually getting sprayed w Lysol & having things thrown at them. Not even Chinese. Wonder how many white folks had same thing happen w ur Marburg virus.  …
Islamophobia or truth? An investigation by the school discovered he described Islam as a vile vile vile region on Facebook Article which contained a picture of a several Asian men, with  More child rapists – wonder what they have   …
Lindsey Graham says he thinks it’s okay for Trump to continually refer to #COVID19 as the “Chinese Virus” despite the fact that it’s causing violence against Asian Americans. Lindsey Graham is an awful person.  …
Donald Trump dubs COVID-19 'Chinese virus' despite hate crime risks for Asian Americans  
CALLS TO ACTION: 1) PLEASE speak up/interject when you see someone harassing an Asian. In person OR online. Knowing we are not alone is powerful. 2) Donate to @a3pcon who are launching a Stop AAPI Hate reporting center tomorrow.
Give Asian American lit some during this time. I enjoyed The Collective ( @wwnorton 2012) by Don Lee as I holed up in my apt. Full of Asian American & writerly angst, homosocial/erotic tension, and intelligent prose, with dashes of hilarity & intensity. The 1st page: 
 … Tell them “I know the boss’s daughter” and they’ll give you something free as a thank you :) Thank you to everyone who is supporting the  — as a customer or as an ally. Thank you thank you thank you thank you
Let us not use this pandemic as an isolated or novel example only impacting Asian Americans. This pattern of racist response and xenophobia impact ALL OF US. No one is free until we are all free.
Very good advice, but is America willing to learn from any Asian nations, even democracies? Highly doubtful. I’m so angry.  …
Thank you. It is not about defending China as a state. It is about the right of people of Asian descent all over the world to be free of racism because of this pandemic
Good news: After a week of empty shelves at chain food stores, my son took my advice and went to an Asian market,where he was able to get everything. Bad news: It’s proof that, basically, many Americans are scared bigots.
It’s about the Chinese government, not Chinese or Asian people. Beijing’s lies and culpability matter. We can and could call out the former without attacking the latter.
thread of beautiful asian women because yall like to exclude us from everything 1. Lucy Liu 
