America destabilizes the world and threatens all of Asia, west and east, with war, and all the college liberal asian americans want to do is... host emergency workshops on 'east asian privilege' facilitated by moon-pale Viets  from bougie 3que families with nail salons
Southeast Asian with purple hair 
Asian aunties on whatsapp don’t rest you know 
None of these tweets or Instagram posts are a call to arms for Asian rights, representation or anything similar. They are thinly veiled, desperate attempts from a large swath of men who value white men and their opinions far more than they care to admit online.
Your entire brand rests on the fact there’s a large amount of anti-Asian racism prevalent in the  BUT— rather than interrogate that fact at a psychological level, the majority of you spend your time on this website asking “do you like Asians yet? Do you?”
Its ok to be white. Its ok to be black. Its ok to be Asian. Its ok to be Hispanic. Its ok to be gay. Its ok to be bisexual. Its ok to be straight. Its ok to be you. But its NEVER ok to pick maware during multi lives
Dr. Vo Xuan Vinh of the Institute for Southeast Asian Studies at the Vietnam Academy of Social Sciences said, “It is unlikely that ASEAN and China could conclude a COC as scheduled (2021).” “If they do, “ Vo said, “the COC is not meaningful.” Bingo.  …
Asian boys in their rentals looking at girls on Eid  …
reminds me if that clip of the white gay guy telling an Asian woman she doesn't get what it's like to be a minority or whatever white queers "don't see race" [as significant] so they write QPOC the same way as a white queer just with a different phenotype and call it a day  …
i think I follow every asian on twitter but lmk if I missed anyone
We are Black & brown, Latinx & Asian, white & Middle Eastern, Mizrahi, Ashkenazi & Sephardi, immigrant & US-born, secular, Orthodox, & everything in between. #JewishandProud
Every Asian mum in every Asian wedding video 
1) Afg nationalism is the key to stability in the S&C Asian region. One can easily understand tht frm the strategic& tactical patterns of the destructive narratives in the region.The fact that Alqaida,ISIS,ISI &Iran all together focus on sabotaging the Afg nat’l ident is a proof.
When I was a liberal, I thought I was proud of being Asian. But all I knew was hollow consumption of aesthetics and how I saw myself  to white people. As  I am so proud of being Asian because we are resilient and fight for and care about each other.
Even slightly more radical Asian Americans who care about Asians facing deportation from America often only care because they want to assert Asian Americans' Americanness without looking into the reasons why so many of us fled to the imperial core in the first place.
Asian Americans love being Asian (consuming palatable pieces of our cultures— clothing articles, food, pop music) until it's time to face the urgent matters (imperialism, colonialism, class warfare). If you are proud of being Asian, ask yourself what about it you love and why.
okay so: cancel it officially get rid of renner bring it back cast an asian actress as kate  …
no one talks about how mean girls had an asian girl saying n----a please as a joke
Asian cinema>>>>>>>>>>>>> I’m sorry but that’s just fact.
Pro- #Trump rally made up of @WAGOP , Iranian Americans, Ukrainian Americans, Asian Americans is going on now at corner of Bellevue Way NE & NE 4th,  …
U can’t really call a asian girl she gotta hide from her parents first  …
PRIYANKA most followed Asian public figure  …
Recycling the same photo set of the same 5 muscular East Asian guys is not representation. You have more representation than most PoC because you’re the model minority..but let’s tackle one self-deprecating issue at a time. 
Why is there always polls on Black folks regarding the candidates? Why we never see the Asian numbers or Latino numbers that much?  …
#Throwback to that time I got accused of blackfishing to participate in #drawingwhileblack because my art was too “Asian” lol whatever that means.
I've also been around the gay block long enough to know that these, particular Asian gays are actually not interested dismantling white supremacy in the gay scene, so much as signaling for the Brody of their dreams.
Beijing's primary strategy in the South China Sea is to use civilian and paramilitary pressure to coerce its Southeast Asian neighbors, not fight a war with the U.S.  …
'Immigration is not just a Latino issue. It is also an African issue, a Korean issue, an Asian issue, an Indian issue, an American issue.' — 'Black Panther' actor Bambadjan Bamba, a DACA recipient, gave this powerful speech outside the Supreme Court 
With a discography 80% in Korean oh and South Korea (home country) doesn't even have Spotify, in fact most asian countries have their own streaming platforms.....this proves how @BTS_twt is mainstream now all over the world
antis try to put BE on the same level but BC but one of the reasons bellarke is so important is that it's rare to have an asian male being a MAIN and having a relationship with the lead character. echo is not that.
So many Asian Americans & Pacific Islanders organizing for @TeamWarren across the country today! Text AAPI to 24477 to get the link to our digital HQ and stay up to  …
This is the exact shit that drives me absolutely bonkers—I obviously can't speak to the experience of other POC but I've  about drawing eurocentric features on Asian characters because I didn't make their eyes super slanty............. like are you kidding me 
asian twitter after 12am 
When I'm at an Asian wedding and someone shouts "desserts are at the back help yourselves"  …
everyday asian twitter finds a way to make me cringe
the lady who cuts my hair is an asian auntie and our conversation today went like this: her: you have girlfriend? me: uh... no... her: you waste my good work... *shakes head disapprovingly and scolds in chinese*
It's racism. I thought myself when I heard about him "Can he really win in America as an Asian-American?" and that thought shows how racism is there in the back of minds like mine, even if it's not deliberate. I know it's there when I hear people say "He can't win.", etc.
the only skill asian boys have is knowing how to set up a shisha pipe
At what point does erasure of the only major Asian candidate for POTUS  racism? The narrative is always either implied or explicitly stated that Yang can't possibly be president. They barely ask any other candidate if they would take a VP slot. Even ones polling below Yang.
Please don’t call asian girls that it’s 2020 do better  …
The guy sat down eating is me when asian twitter starts fighting  …
Bureau of South&Central Asian Affairs (US): Closely following Ambassador to India Ken Juster&other foreign diplomats’ recent trip to J&K. Important step. We remain concerned by detention of political leaders&residents,& internet restrictions. We look forward to return to normalcy
and apparently i just got converted from being an asian to a mthrfvkn caucasian all bcs i was rooting for a couple. 2020 man its crazy.
we almost lived in the world where the 3 star wars leads were asian, black, and latino 
me when i’m not sure if someone is half asian 
4 months using twitter and this is what I’ve learnt - Asian twitter can’t handle ppl having their own views - muslim twitter doesn’t mind their own business - so so many talented artists exist - every girl is pretty and I’ll never not rt - everyone is single - memes r important
⁦ @TheDemocrats⁩ are desperate and are doing whatever possible to cobble together what groups it can use to offset having to pony up to the demands of #ADOS Democratic Lawmakers Try to Boost Asian-American Vote in Battleground States in 2020 - WSJ  …
It's also worth noting that despite both of them using Status cards as part of their ID the teller told 911 that the girl was probably south Asian. There's so much going on here.
If you can refuse to play, buy, talk about, mention, promote, or hype up games about sexism and fascism you can do the same for colonialism and orientalism. Buy and hype up games from actual asian, middle eastern, african designers and artists and publishers. They exist.
#OnlyConcern_Pakistan A group of South Asian students gathered outside the Indian High Commission in London for a sit- in protest in solidarity with Indian Students.They addressed the issue of Kashmir the rights of Indian minorities, police brutality on students. 
we had to recreate our musical icons of the decade and i chose @charli_xcx - she's an incredible singer, a unique songwriter, and imo vastly underrated also she's South Asian like me! here's to more brown icons this decade  … 
Most viewed artists on global YouTube (official videos) 19. Bruno Mars — 11,611,597,574 20. @BTS_twt — 11,475,275,017 gap: 136,322,557 BTS is the only Asian act in top 35 of this list
Cambodia’s Looting Crisis | SEAArch - Southeast Asian Archaeology  …
In Mexico City til 3/2! Booking dates now, or FMTY and be bathed in my luxurious, sensual treats Need me now? Sub to my page for XXX content and sexy chats to keep you cumming til the next time I am in your city!  #ftm #trans #nb #bfe #scort #asian 
researching Black British art of 80s shows people at the time did contest political blackness as a term. By people I mean those of African heritage. Whats interesting is depending on the writer ie (S. Asian or mixed) they often describe such views as being divisive.
Well maybe your little friend should have been a little bit  when she was making fun of Asian people in her car in front of her young impressionable children. Keep donating to Trump and spreading your ‘kindness’, luv. #RHOD  … 
Happy Saturday. Another mornign surveying my domain from the hill top. Off to lunch with family this afternoon in an asian restaurant. I won't be sharing any of the food with Mom today. Hope she remembers some treats. Dino @OrchestraDog @Darcie212 @MaxCoPo1 
Asian girls don’t have these 4 things: 1. Nice straight nose 2. Tall height 3. Beautiful with an amazing personality 4. Good character
Asian business man in Africa  more successful, they expand the business and grow. Deliberately trains his children to take over. Nigerian businessman of the previous generation  more successful, he marries more wives and has more children. Dooming succession.
200111 Asian Television Awards @mynameisnanon #NanonKorapat 
[TRANS] 280919 OhmFluke And Hello asian game Credit: @Hello_asian Full link:  Please note for inaccurancies and credit if you use #คุณหนูขี้อายกับคุณชายเจ้าชู้ #UWMAseries #เจ้าแก้มก้อน ของ #โอห์มไง 
put this cute pic of my dog on my insta story with the slider and overnight these random asian accounts who don’t even follow me started voting really low I am outraged 
Taiwan is the answer to all those who argue that democracy  with "Asian values" or "Chinese culture."  …
I’m always struck by the depth of political passion in the Asian  I’ve never understood the stereotype of  as apolitical because that has never been my experience of us.
I was just remarking last night that the presumption of Asians/Asian Americans as an apolitical electorate is fundamentally challenged by the fact that literally thousands of expat Taiwanese will fly to Taiwan during major elections in order to vote.  …
•Mystified won Best Single Drama Telemovie including Karylle on 24th Asian Television Awards •Simula by Karylle as a nominee for Best Themesong on 24th Asian Television Awards •Karylle as a Presenter on 24th Asian Television Awards THIS IS YOUR YEAR @anakarylle
#GMATheGift star @mart_drosario won the Best Leading Male Performance in Digital at tonight's Asian TV Awards! Congratulations, Kapuso! 
The forest was shrinking, But the trees kept voting for the axe. For the axe was clever and convinced the trees that because his handle was wood, He was one of them. -Asian fable
The Taiwanese people have spoken! Today, they voted again for a free, democratic and united Taiwan. Taiwan continues to serve as a model for other Asian countries. Congratulations to President Tsai on her re-election!  …
PHILIPPINES REPRESENT Congratulations to MYSTIFIED for winning the Best Single Drama or Telemovie in the 24th Asian Television Awards! #MystifiedOnIFLIX @MissIzaCalzado @m_sunshinedizon @anakarylle @DianaZubiri15 
Starting today I will be making my next 100+ meals this year following the directions of Asian chefs directly from their cookbooks. I was inspired by the movie Julie & Julia. Here is my first blog: Julie & Julia Meet Jade  …
MUB€AT AW@RDS 11:40PM KST While Asian MOAs are taking rest, please protect and widen the lead US/EUROPEAN MOAs.Goodnight to every Asian MOAs! 1)TXT:607,578 VOTES 2)549,418 VOTES GAP:59,160 VOTES @TXT_members @TXT_bighit #투모로우바이투게더 
Representation for some women of color decreased: - #Black characters declined to 20% in 2019 -The percentage of characters who were #Asian women decreased to 7% - #Latina representation increased slightly, to 5% in 2019 from 4% the year  …
Community and identity are intertwined. Community is what sustains  Asian and middle eastern dynasties have kept their hereditary lines aligned for this purpose. It sounds silly but that is a core principle that has made them thrive.
BIG DAY: Today is FIRST filing deadline to help elect the FIRST South Asian @ZohranKMamdani to office in NYC at ANY level + 2nd Muslim assembly member! Representation matters. Another world is possible. Donate + spread the word:  … #RotiAndRoses 
200111 Asian Television Awards nothing else, but you deserve that award #กันอรรถพันธ์น่ารักกว่าที่คิด @AtthaphanP #GunATPinManila 
JUST IN: Kapuso star Martin del Rosario won the "Best Leading Male Performance - Digital" for "Born Beautiful" at tonight's 24th Asian Television Awards. Congratulations, Kapuso! READ: The Passion of Martin Del Rosario  Photo: GMA Artist 
Well-deserved LOOK: #MartinDelRosario all smiles as he receives the award Best Leading Male Performance - Digital for 'Born Beautiful' at the 24th Asian Television Awards tonight. Congratulations, Martin! 
if you're a fan of horror and east asian mythologies, give Detention a try. it's easily my top 5 horror game. review on steam is 10/10 and it's got 7k+ reviews! 
I have a tweet that would break Asian twitter but I’m scared
. @BTS_twt has surpassed 8 BILLION streams on Spotify, making them the first and only Asian artist exceed this number.
I'm glad to see systematic research on adopted Chinese girls. I've long thought they were a potentially useful check on hypotheses that East Asian scores reflect sample selection bias.  …
WHO WILL BE THE NEW ASIAN QUEENS OF THE #AVCOQT? Thailand vs. South Korea Who you 
imagine your kid being a BTS Stan and obsessed with Asian culture when your dad was in Pearl Harbor LMAO
Buddha Dragon Assemblage Repurposed Vintage Jewelry Recycled Statement Handmade Asian Statement Necklace upcycled  via @Etsy #handmadejewelry #buddhapendant #dragonpendant #orientalpendant #asianpendant
Kang So-hwi of South Korea’s Asian Olympic women’s volleyball team revealed to be a fan of BLACKPINK Jennie “I am a fan of Jennie. I have memorized all of Jennie’s dances. If we win, Dayeong (teammate) and I will dance to BLACKPINK.”  … #Jennie 
My two adopted sons are Asian. I never thought much about on screen diversity until the film Avengers included a black superhero and I was stunned at the delight my youngest son had at seeing a non-white hero. On screen diversity helps non white kids feel included.
he also posted on his feed but deleted after, i guess was because y’all were dragging him for trying to use asian culture thinking that was his official video, smh he can’t get a damn break lol 
Asian girls are mad cute that is all. Send tweet.
200111 Asian Television Awards 𝐌𝐞𝐧 𝐈𝐧 𝐁𝐥𝐚𝐜𝐤 #กันอรรถพันธ์น่ารักกว่าที่คิด #GunATPinManila 
200111 Asian Television Awards all of them looks soooo good #กันอรรถพันธ์น่ารักกว่าที่คิด #GunATPinManila #AsianTelevisionAwards 
Accolades earned by Asim Riaz: 24th Sexiest Asian Man Ranked 4th TV Personality 2019 Dynamic Dozen For The Decade as per @asjadnazir list. More heights to soar @imrealasim #ShowStopperAsim @ColorsTV @EndemolShineIND @BeingSalmanKhan  @OrmaxMedia
Whistleblower warns of Cambridge Analytica's Asia reach - Nikkei Asian Review  …
I finally got to meet the venerable @NingGeeZ in person. Are all Asian dragons this terminally grumpy? 
Ah you’re right we should never put an Asian in a martial arts themed role ever again because there’s absolutely no way someone could do it in a refreshing and non-stereotypical way!
Its ok to be white. Its ok to be black. Its ok to be Asian. Its ok to be Hispanic. Its ok to be gay. Its ok to be bisexual. Its ok to be straight. Its ok to be you. But its NEVER ok to be horny
Perfume Mnet Asian Music Awards ① 2010 
Asian women be so fine to me
upon reading a particular arrival written by professor kim namjoon of the anthropology department (on the role of reincarnation in east asian folklore and culture), taehyung approached him for help, and finally, at the age of 41, he published his final book,
then in 1997, korean american undergrad kim taehyung was sorting archives at the east asian collection for a summer internship when he stumbled upon a particular name, min yoongi.
Congratulation to our champ @imrealasim for being 24th Sexiest Asian Men Rank 4 on TV Personality 2019 Dynamic Dozen For The Decade it's just a beginning and @imrealasim have miles to go #BB13 #AsimRiaz @ColorsTV @BiggBoss @OrmaxMedia @Spotboye 
Sorry ... we almost had .... an Asian Rey?!?!!!!!!???!!!!?!! WE ALMOST HAD A WOC AS THE LEAD??!!!!???!!!!  …
I'm embarrased tht she reps AsianAms. She's against asian stereotypes but she's ok with appropriating AAVE to be funny for marketability. Theres barely asian rep & when there is, these ppl are usually antiblack but none of this is surprising bc the  is antiblack af
I get that, but then there is loads of anti-Blackness in  our identity is used to help you fit in but then many Asian people treat us badly.
We almost had an Asian Rey?!?!  …
There are more Black, Brown and Asian people on earth than whites which make up only 8 percent of the earths population but yet our countries are the only ones that need diversity and mass immigration. We are the minorities Whites can not be racist
Democratic lawmakers plan to travel to battleground states with growing Asian-American and Pacific Islander populations in hopes of boosting turnout 
Did your super smart Harvard Asian tutor paid for by Soros take that dike-boy pic?
If you’re from Houston, you need to understand this hurts the city. This city has been molded by  we have vibrant nonprofits willing and able to help, early employment jobs are so vast. Houston should be a case study. This is  …
The Asian Porzingis 
I also found out last night that the MSG-scare is a myth. Wrapped in anti-asian racism, it began in the 80s based on the belief that east-asian cuisine was inherently poisonous and despite being debunked, it persisted because of the orthorexic fear around it and still exists.
if u arent a gay man dont say the f slur if u arent a lesbian dont say the d slur if u arent black dont say the n or c slur if u arent latina dont say the b slur if u arent asian dont say the ch slur its literally that simple & “im not trying to offend any1,” will never cut it.
how dumb does twitter look hating on justin for "sexualizing asian women and using them as objects" when the whole time it was a chinese woman who thought of the concept yall continue to embarrass urselves on this app everyday, just another win for biebernation!
Uhh so your explanation for handcuffing a 12 year old Indigenous child is because you thought she was a South Asian child?  …
WE have been yelling about it before she even blew up. At this point it’s up to Black/Asian celebrities with platforms to call HER out on HER bullshit.  …
So the creepy internet people found me, and, uh, keep calling me white (pejoratively). Do I look white in this picture? Are they just assuming because they themselves are too white to recognize "haider" as an arab/asian name? Or has "white" finally  a generalized slur?
Every other debate: “Who’s the Asian man?” Next debate: “Where’s the Asian man?” #TheDebatesWithoutYang
If you didn’t submit your own pictures to fuckyeahhsexyasians were you even an asian on tumblr  …
Yes, there needs to be more opportunities for Asian actors BUT in no way is Miss Saigon a celebration of Vietnamese culture.  …
“Beijing’s primary strategy in the South China Sea is to use civilian and paramilitary pressure to coerce its Southeast Asian neighbors into abandoning their rights.”  …
if vpd thought they were south asian its still racial profiling  …
Sat up at bar at an Asian fusion restaurant called SamPan in Philadelphia. Started talking to the couples on either side of me. Then they started talking. Now we’re all chatting about lord knows what. city of brotherly love indeed!
So it was okay to handcuff a 16 year old South Asian girl? The VDP aren't doing themselves any favours here.
some incel just accused me of white knighting when i was clearly asian knighting
The Vancouver Police Chief on CBC radio now explaining why VPD officers handcuffed a 12-year-old.Says a 911 call came in from BMO & officers were told they were dealing with 16-year-old South Asian girl & 50-year-old SA man. "We take calls from a chartered bank very seriously."
southeast asian mydays waking up to #day6inparis updates 
STARMOMETER's 100 Asian Heartthrobs of 2020 update: Josh- 3,177 likes Justin- 1,382 likes Links:  …  … Let's support the boys! #SB19inCDO #PUSHAwardsATIN @SB19Official STREAM 
This decision will pave the way for more American jobs and vastly expanded exports of domestically sourced liquified natural gas to prized Asian markets.  …
Hello! #IAmNonbinary and I'm a playwright and if you live in London you  see my shows! ASIAN PIRATE MUSICAL:  … Gay Muslim   
"look it's a Asian Boy don't you want to date him" "They all look like girls" "Koreaboo"  …
Also, please take a moment to appreciate that I/we still have hair on our heads. As a South Asian man in his advanced 30's this makes me/us brown unicorns: brownicorns. Please do not give us the evil eye.  …
MRAsians wanna talk about asian male emasculation unironically, but then self-hating asian cis male masculation be like this. Capitalism-imperialism produces our beloved diasporic clowns.
I work with this older asian woman, & she’s the sweetest person I’ve ever met in my life. Bro she told me she thought she was half black until she was 56 because her adoptive dad never had the heart to tell her even though she has 0 melanin in her whatsoever. Bless her heart
. @ClypseFusky at the MFF Asian Photo Booth. 
entirely possible to be asian and not a fan of awk*afina. we exist!
U.S. Army plans to expand Asian security efforts to counter China  
#AsainAmerPBS is a 5-part series that digs into Asian American history and identity. It'll air May 11 (2 days after Mother's Day). On the panel: series narrator  @harikondabolu producer/director @anothergracelee series producer @rtajima 
People think Gundam isn’t relevant just because it isn’t as popular in the mainstream western anime/manga scene but fail to realize it’s grown into an EMPIRE that’s taken over Japan and lots of other Asian countries in the past 40 years  …
As an Asian American, it’s been a source of pride and hope to see Andrew Yang on the debate stage—showing me and millions of other Asian Americans that we too can  a part of the political process. To see white male billionaires buy their way in as he’s out is heartbreaking.
ASIAN MUSLIM PARENTS Mum: Fold your prayer mat otherwise the Devil will use it and pray on it 10 year old Me: But...isn't that a good thing? Mum: ...
Why I have the best asian followers?
There is no way asian Twitter is saying using a meme/reaction picture with the n word is racist
asian families be like ┏┓ ┃┃╱╲ in this ┃╱╱╲╲ house ╱╱╭╮╲╲ we ▔▏┗┛▕▔ have ╱▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔╲ a dishwasher but only use it as a drying rack ╱╱┏┳┓╭╮┏┳┓ ╲╲ ▔▏┗┻┛┃┃┗┻┛▕
The definition of British Asian 
That moment when you make history as the first woman of Asian descent to win Best Actress in a Motion Picture — Musical or Comedy at the #GoldenGlobes... @awkwafina via  …
There’s gotta be an Earth where Nightwing is of Asian descent. He’s an acrobat that was orphaned, taken in by a rich white man, and just happens to lean towards Kali/Escrima sticks as weapon of choice?? Like cmonnnn, gimme a shot DC, pllssss
If the cast isn't 100% Asian and if Bong Joon Ho don't direct it and approve everything then we don't want it
We're proud to have supported Renee Tajima-Peña's ambitious chronicle ASIAN AMERICANS. #TCA20, enjoy today's presentation! @WETAtvfm @PBS #PBS50 ➠  
My son is obsessed with Asian cultures, esp Japanese. He learned in school that he's Caucasian & came home excited. I asked him what was up & he said, "Mama! We're Asians!" Me - "Huh? No. We're white." Him- "Yeah! White people are Calk Asians!" I don't want to bust his bubble.
This sorry excuse for a friend just made fun of BT5 and how they're asian and reduced them to an inferior grp to him, and said some disgusting words calling me "beainless" and he really thought i would let him go away with it just cuz he's an old friend,well he thought wrong :)
Me whenever I see asian Twitters bullshit 
Nguyen is such a badass. I mean, I knew it already from reading "The Sympathizer." But what a talk! The antithesis of the stereotype of the polite Asian American. #s270 #MLA2020
I didn’t knew having EU concerts of your ults was THIS good like me being a baby London MyDay seeing all my southeast asian moots tweeting at this hour warms my heart bc y’all are so active it feels like you’re all close to me again like we’re in the same timezones
This was inspired by Weeb: [favorite east asian country to fetishize] doesn’t have gay people, it’s against their culture Conservative: Oh yeah well [middle eastern country] hates gay people, so you shouldn’t support them, but Israel supports them (They don’t)
I'm almost to 400 followers! Help me get there please :)! { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow Asian }
they keep calling him “the syrian”. if it was anyone else they’d say “a khaleeji” “an arab” “a person of asian decent”. but theres an agenda here.
#Hyderabad Need #Blood Type : AB-positive At : Asian Institute of Gastroenterology (AIG) Gachibowli, Hyderabad, #Telangana Blood Component : Blood Number of Units : 3 Primary Number : 7331170131 Via: @jvidyasagar #BloodMatters Powered by 
For once it was the asian who could chill/relax through a group project and still get an A.  …
The DC Sniper was the coldest of all killers. To kill his ex-wife and evade detection he decided to take out everything that moved in DC Man, woman, child, Black, White and Asian  no pattern. Almost executed to perfection, too.
So why do white, hispanic, and asian guys cheat?  …
£100 to any asian girl who hasn’t posted in a lengha and captioned it ‘sometimes desi’ or ‘for the culture’  …
Hey I'm Nega and #IAmNonbinary! I'm an Asian-American freelance artist & barista who loves video games, dark themes, OCs, & character design. Patreon:  Commissions:  Tumblr (art only):  
Women in Hollywood are getting more roles - if they’re white. “The percentage of Black female characters declined to 20% in 2019 from 21% the year earlier, according to the study. The percentage of characters who were Asian women decreased to 7%.”  …
The popular image of family farms as independent & connected to the earth is a deliberate marketing project. Gotta erase the Black, Latinx, Native, Asian immigrant, and poor white labor that actually made them work. That family farms have ALWAYS been dependent on.
So..final bit of exciting news this week Casting 3 roles for @wearetramp’s Blow which I’m directing at @VAULTFestival. Paid obvs Jon - white m 25-40 Tina - East Asian f 18-40 Lauren/ FoH - white f 20-40 Check Spotlight for breakdown  … 
me when someone i’m with in public points at a random asian man and asks me if they’re from bts 
Just want to take a second to talk about South Asian actresses in major roles in American sff shows. Jameela Jamil in The Good Place Summer Bishil in The Magicians Indira Varma in GoT (ok not strictly a major role) and now Anya Chalotra in The Witcher Makes me SO happy. 
dear south asian friends, one of our close friends was recently diagnosed with leukemia and we've kicked off a search for a bone marrow donor. drives in NYC MI LA this wknd and more  pls spread the word and stop by to get swab'd. #swab4anish  
Goodluck @AtthaphanP for your nomination as Best Supporting Actor for The Gifted at Asian Television Awards! Your Philippines’ fans are excited to see you at the awards night! #24thAsianTelevisionAwards #OffGun 
i think your "ScarJo is Asian" jokes are agonizingly stupid and lazy and brainless, i'm begging you to retire them, i wrote some quick words on this  …
If you niggas actually WATCHED the NAACP Image Awards y’all would know that Asian Americans and Hispanics get nominated ALL the time and wouldn’t be fake woke about Jlo getting nominated for Hustlers
Aloha, where Emma Stone plays a character named Allison Ng who's half Asian
24th Sexiest Asian Men Rank 4 TV Personality 2019 Dynamic Dozen For The Decade This is just the beginning Miles to go @imrealasim #BB13 #AsimRiaz @ColorsTV @BiggBoss @OrmaxMedia 
As an Asian-American male, I must admit the media blackout and general dismissal of @AndrewYang has been eye-opening for me. I’ve always understood the nuances of our place in American society but assumed much of it was self-imposed. I wonder if others feel the same?
This is so cringeworthy...my mom & I were talking about the top left recently. Why couldn't he have just been an annoying neighbor? Why'd he have to be a stereotype? Why'd he have to be a white guy playing an Asian stereotype? So many WHY's!?
Totally agree. Should point out that  panel is from American Born Chinese by @geneluenyang, which criticizes Asian stereotypes.
A same-sex couple took pictures in traditional South Asian clothes, and now the stunning photos are going viral 
of all of the reboots in the last 10 years i'm most thankful that we rebooted asian 
Guy Says African Architecture Isn’t Showcased Compared To European And Asian, Posts 44 Of Its Gorgeous Examples  …
Some info about SBAs in 2019: "31.9% of 7(a) loan approvals ($7.40 billion of $23.18 billion) were to minority-owned businesses (21.7% Asian, 6.3% Hispanic, 3.3% African American, and 0.6% American Indian) and 14.2% ($3.29 billion) were to women-owned businesses."  …
You do understand calling an Asian person a rat is a racist insult right? Everyone go report them please 
Why are non-Koreans obsessed of Koreans’ skin color so damn much? I don’t even notice. Skin tones change as fansites adjust brightness and chroma of the pic. You guys are just angry cuz you believe asians are so yellow and want to see yellowie face asian in the pic. Plz leave.
Nielsen Year-End Report US 2019 (Updated) Boy with Luv: 236M on-demand streams Top 10 Albums (Total Sales) #6 MOTS: Persona (454,000) Top 10 Physical Albums #2 MOTS: Persona (415,000) @BTS_twt is the only Asian Act in the top lists. #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards
I know people don’t like to acknowledge it, but Asian immigration was a massive driver of some brexiteers. Do you think a single one has worked out that India and Pakistan is not in the EU yet? What a shock they are going to have. #TheresMapsOfTheWorldYouMuppets
It doesn't matter what type of life you have, no kid deserve to go through this hardship. No one. What have we  as a society? When we even let this happen to the talented ones amongst us. This kid won Best Actress in the Asian Television Awards 2014. Bless you, kid.  …
Wokeup and Asian twt is fighting, we had 9 days of silence 
I’ve deffo got that asian dad gene where I don’t see the point in paying for something if I can do it myself YouTube vids and I’m good
Asim Riaz's Achievement :- - Biggest Fandom - Done - 24th Asian Ranking - Done - 4th Most Popular TV Personality Ranking - Done - Biggest Trend 6 Million - Done - Next plan - Winning The Bigg Boss Trophy #GullyBoyAsim @ColorsTV @BiggBoss
"So many members of the   South  have reached out and have said they feel more safe, that there's someone that looks like me and who is Muslim in government, and that's very important to me,”  …
Today  a film for @stae_elephants. They're a superb team working to end the abuse of Asian elephants and get the UK travel industry to change its blinkered & dismissive view. This appaling animal cruelty is leading to human tragedy too. @PeterEgan6 
You make a race link, but not the poverty link. Black and Asian kids from middle class families aren't stabbing people are they? The article tells you, second highest poverty rate in London. Drug dealers paradise, easy pickings of kids with less hope.
Pakistan U19 Head Coach "India has a very good cricket system and it is organized but I know that we have more passion than them when we play against each other and that is how we beat them in the semi-finals of the recent Asian Emerging Nations Cup" #Cricket
i guess americans just forgot the time when they killed asian natives because they needed an overseas territory 
Can someone point me to an LGBT Asian space that doesn't align with American Imperialist interests when  to motherland politics? Please and thank you.
U.S. army plans to expand Asian security efforts to counter China: Bloomberg  
Despite all the hype about elite Asians disliking/being ashamed of Yang, I suspect those are the rare vocal ones, & most secretly respect him. But in order not to be socially transgressive & be accused of supporting him because he's a fellow Asian, they keep their support silent.
#CookieLee #Abalone Shell #Pendant #Necklace #Blue #ArtGlass Beads Cord Strands Vintage 1980s 1990s Boho Festival Beach Tropical Accessory Asian  via @Etsy #mimisjewelryboutique #FabulousFriday
The Chinese don’t go nowhere to  employees. They migrate to conquer. How many Asian youth will leave school and inherit a business? Chicken shop, corner shop, car wash, cab station or whatever.
I was made to resign from my job at the Home Office because I made  short called the Go Home Office, where my character, a civil servant with no sense of irony, sent @MrNishKumar and every other Asian ‘back home’.  …
Playing real estate and home improvement structural story in via a focused proxy consumption 1. Asian Paints 2. Pidilite 3. SHIL (Hindware portfolio) 4. Fragrance SpecChem (Kelkar & Fairchem) Consumption | Proxy Consumption
Asian Center for Journalism executive director Luz Rimban paid tribute to the campus press during the 5th UNCJA on Jan. 8, saying that publishing a campus paper is a “triumph of teamwork, time management” and a “triumph of truth seeking and truth telling.”  …
You can be from any South Asian country and say p*ki  …
For those wondering why this adds something to the conversation, the Japanese government has been pushing revisionist propaganda re: the Imperial flag really hard for the past year, trying to erase it's history as a symbol of colonialism and imperial rule over Asian countries.
Josh and Justin are nominated in 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 by Starmometer! To vote for them, just go to @starmometer's official ig account and like their photos. #ALABMV400KUnlocked #PUSHAwardsATIN 
Oh no! A successful Koren Pop group is successful in Korea! What a tragedy! Oh, the humanity! Even when they've sold out stages in different asian countries. But still, OH NO A KOREAN POP GROUP SUCCESSFUL IN KOREA.  …
Justin de Dios makes it as one of the 50 semifinalists in 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020. VOTE FOR OUR BUNSO! #ALABMV400KUnlocked #PUSHAwardsATIN 
justin also made it to the fifty semifinalists of 100 asian heartthrobs of 2020! one like is one vote! go to this link:  … #ALABMV400KUnlocked #PUSHAwardsATIN @SB19Official
She @DrRosena has been a staunch voice on a variety of issues, not least racism in football. For a party purporting to represent the black and Asian people across the UK it would be remarkable if there was zero black/Asian presence on the ballot for the deputy labour leadership.  …
Just like before, I couldn't care less since this is standard for fandoms at this point, but if they shit on Asian acts and not this then...  …
He Asian so its all good
In 1927 and again in 1931 “colour bars” against African and Asian students were repeatedly introduced by cafes, bars and restaurants in Edinburgh. These racist bans were widely condemned in South African, Indian, Tanzanian and British newspapers.  …
Join us as we celebrate our way to the  Asian Hiphop Dance Competition on January 18, 2020 at the Tanghalang Pasigueño, Pasig City. Cheers to the start of a new decade! #TheSawbones2020 #AsianHiphopDanceCompetition #DLSMHSI 
I don’t know how to tell you all this but this is usually an account for bad jokes with the occasional hot takes and the musings of my mother who thinks she’s the Asian Kris Jenner so prépare to be disappointed... or keep your standards low and be pleasantly surprised. You do you
We're so stoked to see @coachella leading the way by bringing more Asian artists to the stage than ever before! Learn more about the rich line up with a simple clicky click of the link!  …
Chairman Senate Muhammad Sadiq Sanjrani underscored need for enhanced regional connectivity between Pakistan and Central Asian States for trade and multilateral cooperation. He expressed these views while talking to Ambassador of Turkmenistan Atadjan Movlamov, who called on him. 
U.S. army plans to expand Asian security efforts to counter China: Bloomberg  
Yet another Conservative councillor accused of "Islamophobic and sexist" tweets Conservative Party (local) response: "There is no issue of Islamophobia in the Tory party, we are including more and more people from the   …
Wealth is created not only by identifying great cos but ignoring noise. This write-up by @MarcellusInvest on Asian Paints journey teaches us a lot of lessons. ‘Doing nothing’ is perhaps the most difficult thing to do  …
The 10th Asian Forum on Global Governance #AFGG10 kicks of in Delhi with an opening master class by @MohanCRaja on the #AlphaCentury - 48 candidates from 28 countries join this new cohort. 
no one: absolutely no one: asian parent: yOU NEED TO EXERT MORE BUT NOT ENOUGH!!!!
Scooter Braun shading Kris Wu, an asian artist, for using VPN to get #1 & accusing him of using bots. Only for Justin to start telling his fans to do the exact same thing. And Scooter too. The racism, the xenophobia and the hypocrisy. 
. @BTS_twt is the only Asian Act in the Top Artists list!
So I’m hangin’ out, nomming on some ice cream, I’m Asian squatting, you know how I do... when this little cutie (upon observation) rolls up on me and scoot-scoots on over. Asian squatting & ice cream squad for lyfe! Tita Tokki loves you Abi! 
Join us as we celebrate our way to the  Asian Hiphop Dance Competition on January 18, 2020 at the Tanghalang Pasigueño, Pasig City. Cheers to the start of a new decade! #TheSawbones2020 #AsianHiphopDanceCompetition #DLSMHSI 
Australian Albums (ARIA) Year-End Chart 2019 #32 MOTS: Persona MOTS: Persona is the first Asian Album to debut in the ARIA year-end chart! Congratulations to BTS and Aussie Armys! #BTSARMY #BestFanArmy #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
Hello Asian Blackroses! Help us to spread this account around Asia. We will start proposing our fanproject to everyone before pushing it to know how many Asian will support the project. Thank you very much
Reminders while streaming: -Shadow MV -Watch other channels -DNA MV -other channels again -back to Shadow MV -Do it again with different channels ASIAN ARMYS, WERE ALMOST 15M views now. LETS GO!!!! Stream: 
I get it, @TheDemocrats. Having all white politicians and a white billionaire on debate stage means embracing diversity! Excluding the Asian guy who finished 5th in fundraising with donations from 95% of all counties means standing up for the little guy, @TomPerez. You have souls?
The other half of the world is turning in for sleep, legends! Asian and AU ARMYs, let's get this bread! Keep streaming and sharing the link. We're now at 14M! @BTS_twt #ShadowIsHere #BeyondTheShadow 
If you want to learn more about the story behind #StarringJohnCho, it’s sequel project #SeeAsAmStar, and why I care so much about Asian American representation, check out this @SYFYWIRE @FandomFilesSYFY podcast ep I did with @emilygmonster  …
it's fine for you to participate in selca days, stan groups + show public support. i have an absent father who periodically likes to text me from random numbers just to bother me. once i was told that i was trying to be like "those f*ggot asian boys i watch" out of nowhere.
gonna get a tattoo in english that says “water” and tell everyone it means “purity and rebirth” so the white people with asian lamguage tattoos know how dumb they look
Adding more paintings of OG Asian polaroids to my mini 3x3” collection one canvas at a time 
When does race have to do with anything? I agree it’s a terrible thing, but if they were black or asian, would it be equally as bad? YES. That has nothing to do with race, this has to do with how these guys are terrible people.
The sexual fantasy episode of sex explained having no Black women and no Asian men says a lot. Like A LOT
asian twitter tell me yall know this 
Yeri: Hey take a picute of me Irene: I'm Irene, the leader of the best idol group alive, Damiani's first Asian muse, Korea's It girl, I'm a millionaire Yeri: Okay, Irene, take a picture of me 
Recast The Ancient One as Asian.  …
Other international  Being the first Asian artist to perform in Abbey Road Studios, London, Sherlock named as one of the "50 Greatest Boyband Songs of all Time" by Rolling Stone Magazine, and winning 2016 Asia's Best Group Award at the DongFang Music Awards, China 
/ibh/ Army:') Yall remember during BWL CB when Asian Armys were telling American and European armys to sleep & rest and they would take over streaming 
Get ready for the 19th Asian Men's Handball Championship to be held at Sheikh Saad Al-Abdullah Al-Salem Al-Sabah Indoor Sports Hall, Kuwait from 16th to 27th January 2020. ! 
a turkish youtuber went to tokyo and said she loved the people so much that she had a whole surgery to make her eyes look asian... you all i’m disgusted
"African American, Hispanic American, and Asian American unemployment have all reached the lowest rates ever, ever, ever recorded. Wages are rising fast...and the biggest percentage increase—this makes me happy—are for blue collar workers."— 
Asian women sailing away like the elves to the undying lands
2019 Black People Movie: US 2019 Latino People Movie: TERMINATOR DARK FATE 2019 Asian People Movie: THE FAREWELL 2019 White People Movie: KNIVES OUT
With Steyer's surge, & hardly any progress with Yang, Yang's run is practically over. #YangGang vastly underestimated how racist this country can be towards Asians. They'll like him, but they won't pick an Asian guy as pres. Similar thing happened to Castro.
HK police refused to pay $200 after having sex sevice,ASIAN FINEST ! #HKPoliceState #HKPoliceTerrorists 
The Era of the Asian Woman has ended
If anyone knows the trump supporting Asian frat boy named Jack from SJSU tell him I’m sorry for bitch slapping him in his own dorm  …
Time to bless you little sluts and pups with something new and never posted Now say "thank you so much goddess- $ent ." $end me something now. { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow Asian serve me } 
Thailand strives to catch up to other Asian markets on digital banking 
Why people still trust dr Phil after his failed marriages. Is beyond me. But he’s never been correct about anything y’all brought a white man to a white man about the og white man trying to make himself into an Asian man. The doctor won’t understand
asian food is hands down the best type of food and if you don’t agree you got some lil kid ass taste buds
POV you are a chip packet in an an asian convienence store and I am one of a group of english tourists buying alcohol 
"...the industry has for too long now held fast to the damaging trope of the submissive Asian woman, novelists point out." An honor to be included with @FarahHeron @AmaraRoyce & @JeannieLin in this article by @LakshmiGandhi for NBC Asian American. 
TIL more whitewashed Asians have won than actual Asians WW won Yul Brenner - King & I* Luise Rainer, Good Earth Linda Hunt, “TYLD Hugh Griffith, Ben-Hur ASIAN won Ben Kingsley Merle Oberon Miyoshi Umeki REPOSTING with references I had a couple mixed up.
We’re thrilled to see this class of @harvardiop fellows, including South Asian American leader in public service @RohiniKos, alum of @KamalaHarris and @SenKamalaHarris! Representation is the first step to change, and we’re excited to work with her on  …
dr phil calling an asian man manufactured on tv instead of actually fixing the man who was getting obsessive surgeries to look like him and marrying cardboard disappointed but not surprised because here's dr phils best pal ben shapiro 
Liz is still working “The Flavor of The Week” campaign angle. She’s 1/1024th Hispanic, Native American, Black and Asian. She’ll assume the Asian angle when Yang drops out! 
until other places offer asian zing i'll never switch up
Is dis some sort of marriage CV asian twitter are taking part in??  …
what the heck i didn't realise this is an asian thing, i just assumed everyone had these  …
Would love to see this series centering an Asian Am family, with immigrant parents but American children and how they navigate the world amidst racism, classism and poverty.  …
imagine asian parents actually understanding the importance of mental health and that im not lounging in bed all day because im just “lazy” but because its literally mentally draining n difficult to get up and do anything. yall feel me
Dont mind me just been out in this cold ass weather stocking up my house for the  snowpocalypse...I'm cold cranky and tired. But got all the stuff I need to make Lumpia and some soup thank goodness for the Asian Market near my home.
this dumb white man really lied about being asian then called munro ,,, a WHOLE black person ,,, a c+++ ,,, i have actually no words 
I spoke to NBCnews about Asian representation in romance. (Doesn’t the cover of Butterfly Swords still look awesome? )  …
So many of us wouldn’t exist if there were no interracial relationships. It’s hard on the kids when the families have issues with it. We are never white/asian/black/etc enough for some. If there is love and respect, why is it a problem, let alone anyone else’s business?
Xers are like Asian Americans in being almost totally overlooked in a system polarized between two much larger and cohorts -- and perhaps able to serve as an honest broker between them.
I was so thrilled to talk to @LakshmiGandhi about how Asian women are portrayed in the romance genre, and about how authors like me, @JeannieLin, @AmaraRoyce , and @RubeLang are subverting those outdated tropes. Thank you for this thoughtful  …
San Francisco just swore in the first Asian American sheriff in California history  
REMINDER: Please join us tommorow to Protest the Asian Development Bank’s $150 million loan for #China’s “Developmental Projects” in #EastTurkistan (so-called “ #Xinjiang”), where 3million+ #Uygurs & others are being held in #ConcentrationCamps. China is NOT a “developing  …
Cue toll paid. White women take note. Make a wrong move and (some) White men will laugh in your face as you're murdered. What's that? You're asking about the prowhite voices of influence who live with Asian women? Are you stupid woman, ain't the same rules for them.  …
Alice Wells, Principal deputy assistant secretary for South and Central Asian Affairs at the US State Department, will travel to Sri Lanka, India, and Pakistan from January 13-22. She will travel to New Delhi, India, from January 15-18, to attend the Raisina Dialogue. (file pic) 
What’s the silliest and  projection you get from random people on here? Mine is random US settlers assuming I am one of them, and telling me I, an  born, raised, and organizing in Asia, should not talk about Asian politics because it is not my place lmao
Can someone tell Asian guys its not illegal to work on something other than arms at the gym
ARMYs, Please if possible switch between str3aming, European ARMYs are about to go to sleep (some of us are staying up for some more hours). We need US ARMYs and Asian ARMYs to take over in a few hours, since Desi ARMYs are also sleeping right now. Spread the message please
Characters that weren’t rooted in culture but motivated by it and roles that could have been played by anyone but were earned by prime South Asian talent. I like to call this list: Hold up, that major character is/was brown? via @BrownGirlMag  …
asian twitter i promise u there is more to life than ur wedding day
Hierarchy in  Black female: intelligent sassy infallible Black male: Strong confiden not as intelligent as black female. White female: Wise can do ANYTHING better than a (white) male Asian female: *see White female Asian male: Who? White male: Wimpy dork
Asian twitter can’t go 3 days without beefing for no reason
HELLO!!! I am thrilled to say that @NicoleGoux and I will be launching SHADOW OF THE BATGIRL at @TheRippedBodice on Saturday 2/8 at 3 pm!  hear us chat about our beautiful book starring an Asian American superheroine! PLUS IT'S @birdsofpreywb OPENING 
#Bollywood Greek god @iHrithik turns 46 today. The #WAR actor was recently crowned the year and the decade’s sexiest Asian Man by @asjadnazir 's list. Bet he does not look like he is just 4 years away from hitting a half century.. Agree? #HappyBirthdayHrithikRoshan Love Always 
Southeast Asian MyDays waking up to YoungK’s ig 
me when sofia leaves the show and moves on to better shows and movies with fans that respect her and aren’t borderline racist just because she’s in the way of their 1/4 asian and white ship 
The forest was shrinking but the trees kept voting for the axe. For the axe was clever and convinced the trees that because his handle was wood he was one of them. -West Asian Fable
There were more female protagonists (40%) in top grossing U.S. films in 2019 than ever before, says a @SDSU study. But: The biggest increase was for white women Black and Asian women representation went down Women still only had ~1/3 of speaking roles 
HoW cAn He Be a NaZi hE’s AsIAn  …
I am honoured, grateful & humbled to receive the prestigious Asian Photography Award for 'The Number One Most Influential Person In Photography’ @ManishaDRatnani @DabbooRatnani 2020 is off to great start! Thank you Universe Missed You Mom! 
As a diversification push, many North Asian economies have deployed more capital to ASEAN. Vietnam has been a favored location thanks  policy—manufacturing FDI & global market share have expanded the fastest! With more jobs and liquidity, Vietnam growth tops Asia. 
Who else saw the Asian lady 
My choice of 8 books about Asian heritage to celebrate the Lunar New Year @BookTrib includes books by @Lisa_See @minjinlee11 @JanieChang33 @TallPoppyWriter @yangszechoo @JeanKwok @Sonali_Dev #NewYear2020 #LunarNewYear #asian #heritage #cultures  …
Shawn Mkhize has an Asian maid. Levels #KwaMamMkhize
not memes, if anything it shows no one is safe from memes. White, black, asian, etc. All of us can be memed. All of us can be clowned. That's what equality is. Stop looking for shit to get offended about.
Meghan Markle wants to live separately from her husband's family. All Central Asian women nodding in understanding.
How about blacks who use Asian memes? Y'all need someone to be racist so bad to validate your victimhood mentality. It's exhausting.  …
that girl youre dreaming of is real. the 120lbs asian virgin nymphomaniac who is maternal and loves to watch you game and loves the fact that youre out of shape and still lives at home is real. shes out there. and shes looking for you too.
I want everybody to know that... All white people are not the same. All black people are not the same. Mexican, Asian, whatever... U can never put a whole race under one category...
. @wesyang is one of the smartest minds on the internet. It was great being able to speak with him in person today about Andrew Yang, Asian identity and more  …
#Asim Riaz's Achievement :- - Biggest Fandom - Done - 24th Asian Ranking - Done - 4th T.v. Ranking - Done - Biggest Trend 6 Millions - Done - Next plan - Winning The Bigg Boss #WeWatchBBForAsim @ColorsTV @BiggBoss
We are privileged to publish this powerful & personal piece by @jessicasunlee which stitches together the connections of Asian women, war, rape, & adoption...connections too often ignored. Read it here:  …
CAAAV @caaav Asian Tenants Union in Albany today with the Housing Justice for All @housing4allNY campaign, asking for language accessibility services and full funding for NYCHA 
They have an Asian woman, a white woman, and a spicy white woman on that goddamn show and all they talk about is the black "community".  …
Muhammad was the same to Christians, Jews and Arabs what Mirza Gulam Ahmen was to South Asian Muslims. Yet those who reject and blaspheme against Muhammad are hell bound and those who reject and blaspheme against Gulam Ahmed are piling on rewards. Same principle different 
This was emotional to write but connecting these dots—Asian women, war, rape, and adoption—was so necessary and therapeutic. Thanks to @PlanAMag for the opportunity to dive deeper than I may have if it were just for me.  …
I am proud to be a signatory to this letter with fellow South Asian academics @PriyamvadaGopal @dibyeshanand and others. The attacks on JNU & other universities in Infia is politically motivated violating every norm of democracy & academic  …
A fascinating trans-Asian history of borek.  …
1.Male Style Icon Of The Year 2019 - Yahoo India 2.Topped both the list of "Sexiest Asian Men" & "Sexiest Asian Men Of Decade' -Asjad Nazir,Eastern Eye 3.Disruptor of the Year for HRX Brand - Vogue India (1/2) 
#AlaVaikunthapurramuloo Khammam Town Jan12th 7:00am Special Show's Asian SriSairam Full Vinod 2k Dolby Full Narthaki MegaFlex Full @TrendsAlluArjun @alluarjun @AlluArjunHCF
Good morning my little sluts and pups.. I've been exhausted from working doubles at my vanilla job, but I'm still here for you to worship.  and $end me something. { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow Asian } 
I've seen a few ppl talking about this so... Clean Breaks came out in 2017. It's m/f (cis) with Asian (Taiwanese-American and Chinese-American) leads. I wanted to write this book for so long--my main goal in even starting to write in this genre was to write this book. 
2020 is going to be a disaster in Virginia. You have a baby- exterminating racist KKK-hood-wearing Governor at the helm that will take away defensive capabilities from the black, Hispanic, Asian and  in Virginia. How much worse can you get?  …
Did you know? @McrMuseum will open a new South Asia Gallery in 2022 in partnership with @britishmuseum The museum was selected due to the strong historic links between #Manchester & #India through the textile trade & the fact nearly 9% of population is of South Asian origin. 
1 in 4 Black & Asian people are NOT registered to vote For the sake of our democracy this needs to change. We are asking Electoral Registration Officers across UK  a quick online survey about their voter registration activities.  …
what about the asian and mexican gifs? are those reserved too? hell, what about the gifs of cartoon characters? should we reserve those for cartoon characters only?
#JammuAndKashmir Tourism Department has launched a massive publicity campaign at the ongoing 3-day South Asian Trade and Travel Exchange Expo (SATTE), 2020, to showcase diverse tourism attractions of twin regions of Kashmir and Jammu. @ddnews_jammu @PIB_India @ANI
1. @Awkwafina became the first Asian-American woman to win the Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy award. 
Girl, 15, 'was repeatedly raped and sexually exploited by Asian grooming gang but no action was taken when she reported abuse', court hears  
The real asian TIGER , my president , bapak @jokowi  …
Another record of Asian Red-rumped Swallow, by Avner Rinot, Shlomo Cain et al., a short while ago at Nekarot Reservoir in the Arava Valley. Is it a regular, overlooked winter visitor in #Israel? Thanks to Shlomo for sharing photo - not 
“Mom, I got influenza B” Asian Parent : “Why B? Why cannot get influenza A ?”
Increasing monopolistic trend in many industries, creating duopolies where ‘2 winners take all’ : -Uber & Ola -Amazon & Flipkart -Swiggy & Zomato -Britannia & Parle -Asian Paints & Berger -Marico & Bajaj hair oil -Jio & Airtel -Samsung & LG
choose your Asian boy HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA bored lang miii hehe 
If you’re in Joburg and don’t eat meat, the Asian food market behind Pineslopes sell Tofu for R3 a block. They also sell 1kg bags black rice for R45, 1 kg Edamame for R50.
Wizkid Sang joro specifically for the ladies. This is the 244th time in his 250th discography. He specifically made this song for the Latin Americans, Europeans and Asian Ladies. Fever was made for the Beautiful ladies in Africa and Australia Starboy Really Dey For YOU  …
Over 7,500 Black, Asian & Minority Ethnic  in London have benefited from @StartUpLoansUK delivering growth for  & the whole UK. We're backing entrepreneurs of all backgrounds through the government-owned @BritishBBank  
in South Asian cultures, hitting subordinates (the young/women etc) is acceptable to bring them in line. this is why the violence being done unto people seen as dissenting against state authorities (in unis, at protests etc) isn't as big a point of outrage as it should be.
Gambia beat Japan and now set quarter final meet up with host Iran The Gambia Men beach volleyball team emerged as 2-0 ( 21-18, 21- 19) winners against one of Asian Giants Japan in the FIVB World Tour underway in Iran. Keep it up @SaineyJawo & @MbyeBabouJarra 
“Building mutual understanding through dialogue. Both through internal discussions on major policy challenges. And outwardly, with fellow international organizations, our societies, and our Mediterranean and Asian partners.” 
Asian Cinepride @Moosapet - 7:15Am Show Gokul 70MM @Erragadda - 8AM Show Bookings Opened...Grab Them Fast #SarileruNeekevvaru #SarileruNeekevvaruOnJan11th  …
Asian women slept on
Asian Shahensha : Chintal 7:30AM Show...Few Tickets Available...Grab them #SarileruNeekevvaru #SarileruNeekevvaruOnJan11th  …
29/n Source for snippets above: 1)Introduction to Hinduism by Gavin Flood,P 6. 2) The Origins of Religious Violence: An Asian Perspective By Nicholas F. Gier So @ShashiTharoor point 2 also demolished. 
Asian Tarakarama Cineplex : Kacheguda 7:30AM Show Added...Fast Filling...Book Ur Tickets Fast ASAP #SarileruNeekevvaru #SarileruNeekevvaruOnJan11th  …
Operation Goldfish Alpha: Over the course of six months, Interpol and CERT teams from 10 Southeast Asian countries cracked down on hacked MikroTik routers, reducing cryptojacking by 78% in the region  
Labour MP’s must ensure that women of South Asian heritage are NOT kept out of the race for leadership. Labour MPs should vote @DrRosena #Diversity #womenempowerment
For Labour MPs a chance also to vote for the only woman of South Asian heritage in the race @DrRosena - she’s a unifying figure, carries no baggage and works shifts as a Doctor!
#Labour have now confirmed names for Leadership and Deputy Leader - Only one contender from a South Asian heritage @lisanandy for leader & 2 MPs of South Asian Heritage for deputy leader. @DrRosena @khalid4PB Labour MPs must ensure we get at least a deputy leader of SA heritage
It's a meme template though. I don't think there's a specific skin tone in mind. If I draw an Asian man on a blank canvas with colored clothes and hair, but leave his skin as white as the paper I drew him on it doesn't mean he's white.
hello asian dropping The Photos without any warning after the winteam drought 
Asian shares erase losses as Mideast tensions ease, oil ticks up  
Come watch Boston's best and only stand up show dedicated to Asian and Asian American voices! Jan 23, 2020 9:30p at @improvboston: Shafi Hossain Jaylene Tran Nora Panahi Connie Chung Bibek Gothané Gurung and more!  …
Yaniv has filed  against a south Asian woman. Oger thinks it's legitimate but Yaniv is the wrong person to bring it. We should thank groups like @Womans_Place_UK, @fairplaywomen and @ForwomenScot who raised awareness in the UK before we got into this  …
Putting Asim, someone who is named as the 24th sexiest Asian man against that bully is a insult
"Warner Bros get algorithm to decide what films to greenlight" is downright dystopian. Gonna be baller when some WN exec explains why there's no Asian folks in their movie is 'cos their damn AI said so.
Andrew Forrest set up a foundation called something like Generation One to provide jobs for Indigenous people. Wound it up with not much to show for it. Then he promised some Asian rugby tournament including WA. Again, nothing. But this time for sure, yeah bushfire relief
The golden sweeper, found in Asian waters, evolved a trick that hasn’t been seen anywhere else: It gobbles up bioluminescent prey and borrows their ability to glow 
The Farewell made $17m in the U.S. so far despite being mostly subtitled and with an entirely Asian cast, which should be a much, much bigger deal  …
imagine walkin out your front door in the morning n finding a little asian gorl posing outside your front door 
Signatories include the former Archbishop of Canterbury and current Master of Magdalen College, Cambridge, Dr Rowan Williams; the President of the American Anthropological Association, Professor Akhil Gupta; & President, Association for Asian Studies, USA Prof Prasenjit Duara.
SB19 on Asian Boss? I'm a small account and probably only a few will see this but can you head to the link below? I'm a fan of Asian Boss and it has a 2M+ subscribers. Let's take this opportunity to promote them, A'Tins :)) #SB19ALABMV #PUSHAwardsATIN 
posting random photos of south asian male models in the hopes that my racist white followers accidentally confuse them for me please let me have this im begging you—
You know what was really scary for me? Publishing a book with two Asian MCs for the first time (Mr. Hotshot CEO). I feel like I was conditioned to believe that if one character was Asian, the other had to be white, or nobody would read it.
She is talking about Dragon Fruit. She is saying that last night she had one of them. Telling that u will get blood, minerals. And also saying it is new fruit. And lastly asking to 'contact Berger Paints, Asian paints because she thinks color can be made from the Dragon Fruit' 
Asian News International. Almost every news channel in India & intl subscribers in over 100 countries. Plus every major and medium newspaper in India. Plus news websites in India and the world. Are you a historian or an SM labourer? Do you work with facts or paranoid imagination?  …
whatever you think about politics, iran seems by far the likeliest large country to pull off east asian style miracle economy if they can manage the right mix of reasonable policy, sanctions evasion, and return migration
bighit gives free shipping only to us armys? wtf? as if other countries did not matter enough to u ugh asian countries deserve better i swear to god yall are biased as fuck
powerful asian american feminists assemble to change nyc politics i threw a birthday fundraiser for @ShahanaFromBK just in this pic alone we have power house @ShahanaFromBK @kaizhanglove @_daniola who are changing the damn world through organizing & writing 
88rising is literally the second biggest asian act rn day6 is really going at their own pace, getting to do their own amazing thing and i love it.
My pitch for the new east-asian dominated firefly  …
Hello, if you're in the US, purchases from BigHit US Shop, Amazon, Target will count both Billboard and Asian(Korean) charts.
ASIAN ARMYS DONT BUY ON AMAZON CAUSE YOU WONT CONTRIBUTE TO US AND KCHARTS BC OF THE ADDRESS. BUY ON WEPLY OR KSITES SUCH AS KTOWN4U AND G-MARKET SO THAT IT WILL COUNT FOR HANTEO AND GAON CHART. (c)
Brandi has a lot of nerve right now pulling out a chair for LeeAnne and holding her over a fire for racist remarks, now knowing about how she mocked an Asian accent on video. #RHOD
she means brown as in south asian/middle eastern. jeez.
Fuck you bighit if youre gonnna give us free shipping at least give asian countries more credit points on weply wtf. I spent $200+ only get $2 credits fk you la
“white man gave poor review of his economy flight experience on an asian airline bcos non of the stewardesses were interested in being his friends”  …
SUSPENDED: A Brooklyn school board has suspended member Jackie Cody after she used racial slurs to describe Asian-Americans in an online school forum. A vote to have her resign did not pass. More here:  #CBSNewYork
......Asian Family Guy  …
this is how u know @ajRAFAEL was an influence to not just the  but the asian  as a whole almost every korean american idol (esp from cali) ive seen has sung AJ rafael AT LEAST once 
My Asian coworkers are currently laughing at me like “you didn’t know that?? You coulda asked!”  …
So what! His support for the fascist Modi regime shouldn’t be something to get anyone in Labour excited. The thought of him being Leader is a total kick in the teeth for Asian members like me.  …
Today I proudly swore in @SheriffSF Paul Miyamoto. With more than 20 yrs of law enforcement experience, Sheriff Miyamoto will be the first Asian-American Sheriff in CA history. Congratulations, Sheriff. I wish you luck as you continue to protect and serve SF in this new role.  …
Asian fellas on twitter are fucking wet wipes. No one fucking cares how many kids U want or what kind of wedding you want mate just fuck off
thread of my fav NIKI lyrics bc southeast musical asian excellence deserves to be recognized 
John Pandit: (Asian dub Foundation) turned down an MBE in 2002. He said “I personally don’t think it’s appropriate I’ve never supported the honours system if you want to acknowledge projects& work that these organisations do then fund them there is no point in giving an accolade” 
I’m thrilled to announce I’ll be joining Rick Ware Racing / EuroInternational for the remainder of the Asian Le Mans Series in LMP2-Am! We kick off this weekend in Australia at The Bend Motorsport Park for the 4 Hours of The Bend! #AsianLeMans  – at The Bend Motorsport Park
“I’m very proud to be the first Asian-American man to run for president as a Democrat,” Andrew Yang tells us. “My father grew up on a peanut farm in Asia with no floor and here I am running for president.”  
I can't believe that at the center of Asian-American discourse rn is what Awkwafina's next role will be. America wants to destroy Iran and all we can talk about is representation? All Asian countries have something  w/ Iran— which is western imperialism. Talk about that.
can u identify which is asian coutries reply with hashtag Philippines_Asian country #SB19ALABMV #PUSHAwardsATIN 
My @TheAcademy Nicholl semifinalist script 'ENCOUNTERS' features a Latina lead (and Asian male lead). It's the first time I incorporated POC vs "color blind" characters and it made me a better writer.  
#G_I_DLE’s manager Asian Agent sending his congrats to the girls for their two wins this year.  
it’s ok to be white. it’s ok to be black. it’s ok to be asian. it’s ok to be hispanic. it’s ok to be female. it’s ok to be male. it’s ok to be gay. it’s ok to be straight. it’s ok to be YOU. but it's NEVER ok to say that Minoru Suzuki is all hype. 
My client asked me what the deal was with my outfit, and I told them "well I'm Asian so I can" 
Lemme bless your timeline with Chanyeol cosplaying as Nicholas Young from Crazy Rich Asian 
On dodging deployment to Vietnam, Bolton write in his book: "I confess I had no desire to die in a Southeast Asian rice paddy. I considered the war in Vietnam already lost."  …
NYC schools end ‘gifted and talented’ program after too many white, Asian students enroll  
No black person owes you an explanation/apology for their rage. No Asian person. No Lantinx person. No Indigenous person No intersectional woman. No LGBTQA+ person. Not one marginalized group should swallow rage. Not one. Rage is the power source of change
This was an absolute ROCKET of a free-kick from Reno Piscopo!! : Asian Football Confederation 
I like to finish books by asian authors, go on goodreads for the first time in months, see several reviews with orientalist tropes, log out "for good this time", then just text my mom and discuss it with her. rinse and repeat, baby!
Living in a city that’s <2% Asian American there are 3 places where I can be guaranteed to see fellow Asians: 1) The AAPI cultural center on campus; 2) Costco; and 3) the brand new King Fu Tea in town! The first boba shop in town!!! 
Good morning asian peeps. Let's vote for the girls. We will win once again for them. Let's keep power up y'all. I vote #KillThisLove by @ygofficialblink for #BestMusicVideo at the 
Not-So-Subtle Asian Trait: Here’s How Koreans Unintentionally Offend Foreigners All The Time  …
I ain’t never even thought about having an Asian lady until i saw how happy Jeezy is.
I first met @MappedByMelissa in 2017 after she'd traveled to 100 countries and all 7 continents by her 30th birthday. Now she's the first South Asian woman to visit every country in the world! Full story here:  … @thisisinsider
No maths equation is harder than an asian family trying to work out who’s related to who and how
feel like noone understands Harry & Meghan better than South Asian kids
Looking back Asian Americans were woefully quiet post 9/11 and Iraq II. In fact one of our own crafted Dubya’s torture memo. We embraced model minority as much as we claimed to hate it. How about we NOT this time around?  …
1. Les Mis has been on for 35 years = Only 1 South Asian Representing 2. Phantom has been on for 34 years = None 3. Wicked has been on for 15 years = None 4. Matilda has been on for 9 years = None So many years, so much talent and no representation! #RepresentationMatters
which one of you losers wants to lick these shoes clean { #finD asian domme shoe fetish } 
Asian tiktok boys be like hmu if you like boys with brown eyes who reply fast and are 5'6" meanwhile everyone on douyin is 183cm absolutely beautiful immaculate production value wow it really was only the good genes that stayed in China
"When I see the Black Cat skin or the Academy skin, I do wonder if they really understand Korea. I can’t erase the feeling that they’re projecting male sexual desire onto this 'Asian woman' figure under the ruse of 'representing' Korea."  …
The Asian countries are a problem! Dont refuse food! Eat the food but dont finish the food! Laugh at the jokes but dont open your mouth. Come to my house but take off your shoes! Naaaaaaah Bruh! 
Great job snubbing Legends of Tomorrow and Black Lightning yet again. It’s not like Legends has four queer characters and multiple one episode queer characters and BL has the first black lesbian superhero and her Asian superhero gf or anything.  …
Aye I never seen any Asian mf do this, not even the old ones. So I know this one of them things y’all came up with just to make shit up  …
AUDITION NOTICE. We're on the hunt for some brilliant East Asian, ideally Korean, actors for our festival in February. Details below... hit up @tangphastic. And please retweet his tweet!  …
#AccurateFulfillment of  us to obey & submit to the Messengers of the hour: -Haiti earthquake -Chile earthquake -Asian tsunami -Mexican earthquake -Zika & Ebola viruses -Collision of 2 neutron stars. @joel_osten you believe in prophecy, don't you?
Never seen a Asian person do this so I’m gonna continue to eat out the box
Golden hands bridge, Vietnam Photo by IG _pifou #vietnam #vietnamese #vietnamtravel #vietnam #vietnamtravels #vietnamtrip #danang #danangvietnam #asia #asian #travelphotography #traveltheworld #travelblogger #travelgram  – at Holiday Time Travel
Hollywood once again fails at diversity. In a UCSD study,only 37% of major characters in film were women. And this is where the only criteria are: “appears in more than one scene” and “instrumental to action” Looking at WOC, 20% were black,7% were Asian, and 5% were Latino.
Hey Seattleites, today I'm hosting Melissa Ilardo for the first @uwgenome seminar of the decade! Come to Foege auditorium at 3:30 PM for a deep dive into genetic adaptations in southeast Asian sea Nomad populations  …
'sex attacks' Police are continuing to look into a string of alleged Stoke-on-Trent sex attacks involving an Asian teenager with a 'large distinctive nose' wearing a prayer cap. He was also seen to have been wearing a traditional dark garment.  …
Felt like a lit student again hearing Shawn Wong describe the inception of the landmark anthology, AIIIEEEEE!: "When I was 19 I decided I wanted to be a novelist. On the same day I realized I was the only Asian American writer I knew in the entire world."  …
South Asian Students Against Fascism, UK hold protests outside India House in London. #OccupyIndiaHouse #IndiansAgainstCAA 
“[I Feel Bad] was [about] the female perspective. It was not only the most fun I’ve ever had- I mean the  the ridiculousness, that humanity- but it was also just a true honor to get to be a South Asian woman who was just there, telling all of our stories.”  …
4.) Entering Caribbean and Asian homes with your shoes on is considered very rude.
“I’m very be proud to be the first Asian-American man to run for president as a Democrat,” @AndrewYang tells us. “My father grew up on a peanut farm in Asia with no floor and here I am running for president.”  
Hear me out. Yes, #TheGrudge was an artistic flop. BUT. A film, #StarringJohnCho, that got 16% RT + F on CS, virtually raked in 2X ITS BUDGET on opening weekend. THIS is why I say horror is a strong avenue for Asian Americans. We’re not bankable? Here’s proof that says otherwise. 
The key section of the above clip is where Wang mentions that The Farewell, a film with an Asian cast that is 80% in Mandarin, has been playing in theaters continuously for 4 months. Most streaming originals submerge a lot more quickly unless they get a token theatrical run.
Can this is be the year we stop referring to *individual* ethnic groups as BAME. Like, if you cover my work please be specific bc saying BAME writer is lazy. I’m a Scottish Pakistani/Asian one. If you can make distinctions between Italian + French people you can do the same w/ us
Girl, 15, 'was repeatedly raped and sexually exploited by Asian grooming gang but no action was taken when she reported abuse', court hears The police took no action because that's what they were told to do by a Labour Government 
in many (most?) east asian cultures, names are presented surname first, then given name. so when u call Bong Joon-ho "Bong" u are actually calling him by his "last" name. which is fine, just wanna make sure u know that!!
Just in: Govt to take a group of 17 diplomats including from US, South America, African and Asian countries to Srinagar and Jammu for 2 day visit on Thursday. EU envoys decline, will go later date, after they ask for more access. @the_hindu
i also tried to avoid this, but I thought the same thing. of course he reacted badly. he was not only an exo member, but hes also been building his own career since 2015. having some locals discredit that to his face and call him by the only large asian act they know isnt cute :/  …
Lol, current north Africans are mixed people, moors, africans, asian n southern Europeans.....n some NA countries today aren't the original N Africans
not sure anymore what is my actual personality and what is an affectation i borrowed to impress cool older asian girls online when i was fourteen and then subconsciously subsumed into my character development
Shout out to my fellow neighbours. @OrientalAdvent2, @AngelEscortsLDN, @AsianAngelsLND, @Asian_escortLND, @AsianEscort_LND, @Ranal55, @noveliciouss, @Romston, @javedi_admin, @HotJapaneses @LanreSonde, @BrightGabriel16, @lexie_mueller, @julietremaine, @LowCarbLoving, 
Asian Actor and Model Alden Richards ( @aldenrichards02) stars in the special tri-cover of XPEDITION magazine Winter 2020 issue. Grab your copies now! Exclusively available at XPEDITION office or order in our website  … 
Super Smile is an idol group based in Seattle. They were inspired by the idol group culture that came from Japan and probably one of the few Asian pop culture "adaptation" that became popular in the US ... at least in the Coffee Talk universe Wishlist:  
One simple thing i do =one Asian newsagents 2 minutes walk for me or English newsagents 15 minutes , there not having my cash anymore !!!!  …
Girl, 15, 'was repeatedly raped and sexually exploited by Asian grooming gang but no action was taken' 
G.N - The night not be nice without her She fascinated me with her Asian beauty Body is like an olive branch Soft & gentle Lips as small roses Silence in eyes It increases its beauty I imagined she in front of me To touch her hand just to make sure She is a human like us - Rhman 
I'm also excited that #GDNY talked to some WOC @pledis_17 fans because it seems like most people think their fans here are all Asian American, which is not true (and not true for all of k-pop!) 
It's the story of how the sins of the past can be repeated and it's up to the strength of the people to fight against darkness and oppression. And seeing a woman, a black man, a Latino, and an Asian woman lead the fight was something children needed to see. THAT's the point.  …
To truly reduce racism in the police service and reduce racist impact and  on Black, Asian and  we need serious top down strategies that start at the very top of the organisation. Not ineffective bottom up approaches such as diversity quotas.
In 2019's biggest movies, 70% of major female characters were white, 18% were black, 6% were Latina, and 5% were Asian  
imagine the asian countries whos doing so much as well but all bh sees are these western countries
That people are still so in love with the myth is a main reason why there's fear in reckoning with real history. If you consider Black people, Native Americans, Asian Americans, Muslims and Jewish people, as human beings, you just can't see America as some moral beacon.
The first Asian boxing newsletter of 2020 will be sent out before the end of the week, if you'd like a copy please sign up here  … If signed up last year (and got either of the first 2) you DO NOT need to sign up again!
Sabu, the male Asian elephant, weighs over 10,000 pounds! There are more than 100,000 muscle units in an elephant's trunk. The Cincinnati Zoo is helping to save the world's largest land mammals through the International Elephant Foundation:  
I'm verified officially on OF now, now yayy and you can all hush. I'll finish setting up my account later { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow Asian OF } 
Ambassador Omar met with Dr. Sulochana Segera , Founder and Chairperson of Women in Managment (WIM) in Sri Lanka, Maldives and Canada. 10 Maldivian entrepreneurs are nominated for the WIM Top50 Asian Awards 2020 to be held on the 12th of June 2020 in Malaysia 
I FOUND THIS ON SUBTLE ASIAN TRAITS WHAT IS THIS..... 
NEW: The detainment at the border has raised red flags for civil rights advocates, who say the detentions set a dangerous precedent for the targeting of Iranians in the U.S., as well as other Middle Eastern, South Asian and Muslim   …
On this edition of Stump Mic, @karachikhatmal joins @afidelf and Sid Monga to chat on the return of Test cricket to Pakistan, and lament about cricket's relationship with South Asian regional politics ESPN Radio -  Spotify 
Asian small-clawed otters can stay underwater for up to 8 minutes at a time. Ours also appear very fond of the tree trunk we made for them. If you’re ever having trouble finding them on exhibit, wait a few moments and pay special attention to the logs. 
About the Rooney Rule ... I find it absolutely impossible to believe NFL teams --- who are built and measured on wins --- aren't hiring the people they feel can lead them to the most wins. No matter if they are white, black, Asian, American Indian, Indian, etc.
Well, they called him arrogant just because he (an Asian) felt offended and reacted over being mistaken as a bts member (again, an Asian). The casual racism is strong in this one. And his statement about EXO's popularity back then isn't even false. Don't you see the problem here?
hi hes from cali & he called me an asian babygirl & i feel so: adorable tonight ladies n gents 
Coming as I am from a Palestinian family, this didn't apply to us since we have nowhere to go. But a majority of the UAE's population are there because of the economic opportunity. Over half are South Asian. They won't stick around during a war.
The government banning Netflix with the karya-anak-bangsa excuse when it’s all about business interest & monopoly tendency of this state-owned  firm that have shares in Netflix’s  *****, really.
and you wanna tell me asian attire isnt top tier?? tskk  …
Sarah Geronimo is nominated in Music Rank ExtraAwards 2020 as ‘Asian Performer of the Year’. REMINDER: Voting Time will start from 10:30 A. M to 5:00 P. M Kst Everyday! Vote Again Tomorrow at 10:30 A. M @MamcyChulits @imbarriejuanico Link to  …
Unpopular opinion but I don’t get the hype over Panda Express here asjsksksjk it’s k lang? One of the reasons it’s big in the US is bc it’s one of the few asian fast food places... but putting in an asian country with lotsa already great asian/local food is so meh hahaha
CRAZY. RICH. ASIAN.  …
@MyJaps is nominated in the 24th Asian Television Awards for Best Actress in a Leading Role ( @brgy143 ) Congratulations Julie! Here's a clip of her voice acting as 
One of the finest Asian women to ever do it  …
Anna May Wong is so fascinating. She was the first Asian-American lead on a US television series. No copies of "The Gallery of Madame Liu-Tsong" are known to exist. All copies of most of the DuMont Network’s programming were destroyed after the network closed.  …
ASIAN ACTORS AND SINGERS NEEDED FOR NEW MUSICAL BY ONE OF THE GREAT MUSICAL CREATORS IN HISTORY. @MrJasonRBrown  …
i think i got my mingi anniversary pc..my mom just called and asked me what the asian guy is doing in our mailbox 
Who might be outraged by @rickygervais' awards speech? Tim Cook maybe, smug Apple oligarch mocked for his Asian sweatshops? Hollywood execs friendly with Jeffrey Epstein? Actually, it's the Guardian of course, champion of woke neoliberalism:  …
Japanese multiplication. East Asian countries have dominated school maths league tables for 20 years. Fascinating. 
Big Bash League 27th Match - Rashid Khan Hat trick 28th Match - Haris Rauf Hat trick* 2 Hat-Tricks on same day by Asian Bowlers!
The reason why SE Asian bottoms rule  …
Good evening, Map of The Soul: Persona was the best selling non-English album in the US in 2019, the only and first Korean, Asian and non-English speaking act to debut #1 album and having an unbroken string of #1 albums in the US  …
nah why are armys acting like tao being told he looks like a bts member by a white girl was  & he should’ve stayed mute he looks nothing like them LMFAO he most likely wouldn’t have cared if they just said they didn’t know him but they went “Asian guy? Must be bts”
Once in Rome I was taking a tour of the Coliseum. I was wearing a plastic gladiator hat and a bunch of Asians started yelling “Russell Crowe Russell Crowe!” I posed with random Asian families for about 20 minutes as they took photos. I like to think I’m on a few fridges over seas  …
Happy to share that my paper co-authored with Dr Richard Williams ( @SOAS) will be presented at Royal Anthropological Institute, London. 'Music Videos and Prosthetic Memories in Coke Studio' looks at CS' role in shaping new narratives about South Asian history, Pakistani modernity
Uday, your daughter, the firebrand activist of our party, @ReallySwara is the most admired and appreciated lady in India and in Asian sub continent today. Why are you being so modest my dear friend ! Mention Swara's name and retweet please, she will feel better.  …
Everyone will police you for breathing. You're a straight woman and fetishizing if you enjoy mlm fiction. You are harming  for shipping fictional mlm couples. Asians' opinions about Asian things are invalid because it do not fit the Western lense. It's so dumb.
“The development of Vietnamese football will help all Southeast Asian teams garner more motivation to strive forward to reach a new level." forward Nguyen Tien Linh on his country's success, regional development, and scoring beautiful goals in  …
Let's agree on one thing....this view is as good as it gets for you. Ok good chat #QKR @tonybobo3 @rt_feet @rtfindom @DirkHooper @DommeDaily @dickievirgin @FemdomDaily @Femdom__World @FemdomDaily @FemDomFanatic @Oostwalum @DommesNation @Slave_for_asian 
i look xtra asian here ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ (my nose is kinda red cos i was also sick) 
like idk in hella chinese/asian families appearance, profession, talent, ambition etc is so highly valued and a lot of young chinese kids form their self esteem around that shit so like.
In which a Scottish Asian guy demonstrates he is so riven with Anglophobia that he will march with the actual fascists of Siol Nan Gaidheal in his fervour to be separated from the England. Judge people by  they are prepared to keep.  …
y’all are so damn loud for asian representation but let’s be honest y’all don’t give a fuck about asians unless it’s about ur faves. it’s annoying and absolutely racist of u delulu’s for y’all to be proud that other asians are getting mistaken for ur token asian  …
Wish we had different headlines “Colombo university enters top 100 Asian Universities list” “Pepper yields per hectare double” “More Sri Lankans shift from private to public transport” “Sri Lanka ranked first in Asia for recycling waste” Am I dreaming?
#US Assassinates #QassemSoleimani and #AbuMahdialMuhandis in #Baghdad putting the entire west Asian region at the risk of an all out war. MES Intro EP 35 #MidEaStream #انتقام_سخت 
Asian shares slump; gold, oil soar after Iran strike on U.S. forces  
anyway instead of wasting your time by sending tao hate over smth he probably already forgot at this point why don't you focus on the fact that ppl calling every asian 'bts' is racist af and he shouldn't be expected to be nice about it
White Americans are so used to being around only other white people that they'll really walk into a lecture hall with 4 Asian students, 4 Black students, and 52 white students and think "wow it's so diverse"
Iraqi & large part of west asian airspace has been cleared considerably in last 3 hours. This in the aftermath of Iran's strikes in Iraq. 
Hady Mirza joins us live on @987fm. Thursday at 5pm, on The Shock Circuit. Truly excited about this one. Catching up with him officially and hoping to give a good interview. Will probably catch up on Singapore Idol Season 2, Asian Idol and beyond, and of course, Gagar Veganza. 
Reasons lunar new year is better than Gregorian calendar new year (from a Chinese person’s perspective, I don’t know much about how other Asian cultures celebrate!): 1. If you’re unmarried, you get money 2. The new year songs are fuckin awesome, and there are so many of them
Me and my asian glow  
— How about I do you a favor and not tell anyone that a tiny little Asian woman kicked your ass? #AgentesdaSHIELD #AgentsofSHIELD 
honestly i think it's so weird that people will eat pig, cow, and chickens and then be like "hahaha asian people eat dOG" like ? idk i eat meat (but not pork) but it seems weird to me that you would find a moral issue with eating dogs if you would eat those other animals
I speculate they were tasked with ensuring Fin and Poe had a case of the not gays. Obvious answer would be to follow through on Fin being with Rose, but market research didn’t want a black guy with an Asian girl, so they had to invent a love interest for Poe.
Asian markets pull back after Iranian missile attack 
So I went to FSA at UTSA with my boy Travis, we're watching basketball volleyball I look around and I'm like yo there's a lot of asian people at this event, utsa real diverse. And then i get the bright idea to ask what FSA stood for. It stood for Filipino student association.  …
Morissette is nominated in Music Rank ExtraAwards 2020 as 'Asian Artist of the Year'. You can vote as much as you want. Let's do this for the Asia's Phoenix. Link to vote:  
Rich man’s war. Poor man’s blood.
เห็นแค่หลัง ก้อดีใจแระ #อุคจ๋า #จีชางอุค #Repost @happydayya • • • • • #200108 김포하네다공항 도착. - Repost @jessie_lmx First stop of Jichangwook Asian Concert Tour 2020 — Yokohama-shi. I arrived Tokyo same morning and same airport with him . . . #지창욱 
Another one? I’ll stick with the bitter Asian Dude I already am familiar with.  …
U.S. stock futures in Asian markets, after falling sharply, now rebounding somewhat on sense that Iran strike was limited and lack of immediate US response  …
Got some Grade A #ClassicalReception here. We've  on Caesar's imperialism, in the Twisted Caesar flavors of Greek Caesar and Asian Caesar. And, um, I'm not entirely sure what the Avocado Caesar is  on... Millennial Caesar? 
[WATCH] MUSIC RANK EXTRA AWARDS 2020 | ASIAN CATEGORY Nominees ------------- #Mikha #YogaLin #MorissetteAmon #tntboys #BTSIsComing #SB19 #BLACKPINK #zboys #Zgirls #RedVelvet #JacksonWang #TWICE #sitibadriah #MYTam #YUNA #ONENONLY #WayV --------------- 
Asian shares slump; gold, oil soar after Iran strike on U.S. forces  
i'm tired of brown people constantly clamoring for representation. we're represented enough. can you agitate for immigration justice, an end to domestic violence, an end to CAA and NRC? the be all and end all of south asian american activism isn't mindy kaling on tv
Another throw back piece. I originally seen the medusa piece on pinterest but i went and added my own little designs to her. The kanji on her face means lust. Fun fact about myself, i love foreign history and folklore. Egyptian, greek and asian are the three that stand out to me. 
"Asian Americans experience discrimination interpersonally and across many institutional settings, including #healthcare. Among #AsianAmericans, #SouthAsians may be especially vulnerable to institutional and interpersonal forms of discrimination."  
yesterday evening I went to see @james_welker’s talk “To Asia With (Boys) Love” on boys love genres across Asia. the talk is based on the introduction to the edited volume Boys Love Opening Doors and brings together work by a number of scholars working on different Asian BLs
My regular Albert is a old Asian man who is about 70 years old (unsweetened ice coffee lol) and he got a new iPhone so he wanted to show me the quality of his camera and took this pic lol 
A single source word that can provide a key to the understanding of Asian artistic creations is “Mandala”, a diagrammatic matrix through and from which flow a succession of changes within a certain order, writes Radhika Srinivasan  
Both of these can be true at the same time: 1) Awkwafina's Golden Globe is a huge moment for Asian visibility. 2) Awkafina's use of a "blaccent" is problematic and indicative of how non-black people profit from Black culture before Black people do.  …
How can we grow the audiences for books on Asian American topics & experiences? Larin McLaughlin (@larinmc), press editor-in-chief, will join a roundtable conversation on the public for Asian American literature at #MLA20 on Thursday 1/9 at 1:45 PM. Info:  
Andrew Yang ran a non-profit so he was never trying to sell you anything but a better future. Before you write him off as not serious, ask yourself how an unknown Asian man raised $30 mill with no press and open animosity from the DNC? Ppl w/ far less momentum have won it all.
Terrible News for the Globe & Stock markets as well Iran state TV says Tehran has launched missiles at Iraq's air base housing US troops Reaction *Asian markets crack *Dow Futures cracks 350 pts *Crude spikes 4% #IranVsUS #USIranTension #nifty50
American soldiers kill and rape civilians in these Asian States. Iran attacked a US Army base in Iraq. 1 is News the other we ignore. Are we really outraged at the death of soldiers (who are mostly rapists, racists and imperialists)? #IranvsUSA
Such a taboo subject in Asian households, no one should feel ashamed to seek help or talk about their mental health, it’s so important to look out for each other. A single conversation can change everything, please be kind  …
"Any evaluation that lumps together the student achievement of the 48 ethnic groups labeled Asian American will not give a true picture of students’ needs."  …
Since July 2017 I have significantly reduced my consumption of American & English-language media content to diversify my worldview and question what is normative and default. For e.g.: 1) My person and I have a Netflix routine of alternating between US/Eng, EU, Asian content.
y’all so today me and lex drove by this small asian food place and it smelled SO GOOD, we ended up eating here and WOOW its SO GOOD and affordable as fuck! It’s so cute it’s family owned and everything is freshly made! 
Whenever there’s war and destruction raining down on Middle Eastern/West Asian’s heads,  rolling in to the wealthy. Disgusting world.  …
Hmm.. I kind of want to get to $500 tonight. $end me some stuff little piggies { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow Asian } 
Glad to receive Dr. Beom-Jin LEE, Dean from College of Pharmacy, Ajou University, Korea & new President of Asian Association Schools of Pharmacy. Wish the best for #AASP through his various experience enriching the pharmaceutical education @MSUMalaysia 
Pleased to host the board meeting of Asian Association Schools of Pharmacy @MSUmalaysia. Delighted to exchange insights  collaboration towards internationalisation & the role of AASP #MSUSPH 
How asian families view their family who live in the Uk  …
Ethnic American films are almost like a genre in and of itself... Soon as you say, ‘This is about my family. There is a wedding. It’s Asian,’ it is put into this box of a  like My Big Fat Greek Wedding. @thumbelulu via @THR  …
The new St. Paul City Council is five women, two men. Three Asian-Americans. A Hmong refugee and a daughter of refugees. Two renters. And lots of fashion:  
Awesome to see @AndrewYang's sweet jumper in @AngryAsianMan's READ THESE BLOGS section this week. AngryAsianMan has been and continues to be an extremely important voice in the Asian  "Time for the media to start to take him seriously." 
Shout out to every Asian person out here licking racist’s boots, they very much appreciate it.  …
if someone mistakes a random Asian idol/group for BTS, don’t brag that they “know” BTS & no one else. bc new flash: they clearly don’t actually know BTS either & are being racist by assuming any Asian idol = BTS. if you support this & use it as a way to brag, you smell.
two random local girls thinking one Asian person looking like anither is off putting but thats OBVIOUSLY not what that man was mad about.
Lemona  to Canada. It will first be at Asian supermarket chain T&T and is expected to be in stores like Loblaw, Sobeys and Metro. Kyungnam Pharma will expand to the online market as well.  … @BTS_twt #BTS 
y’all were focusing on the wrong thing this whole time. y’all should’ve been talking about the remarks those girl’s were saying. the fact that they assume any random asian man is a member of bts is just weird af and it needs to stop. tao had the right to be upset about it.
Great day with the @FA Asian Females in Football National Working Party. Thanks to @daldarroch @kevinrcoleman & Rachel Pavlou for driving this #AsianInclusion piece forward. Always inspiring listening to Dame Sue Campbell, this time on the women's football strategy 
Point: Awkwafina became the first Asian American to win Best Actress. Counterpoint: Awkwafina stepped into the spotlight thanks in part to her appropriating AAVE. #GoldenGlobes 
the context was abt asian american allyship but here's the article, its a very good read either way and really changed the way i looked at asian american activism, she is really smart and i'm grateful for her voice every single day  …
you guys need to be more concerned w the fact that there are people who just assume any group of asian men are bts than that group’s reaction to said assumptions.
Here’s another book you should read: #ChanelMiller’s KNOW MY NAME. A well-written, gripping, infuriating #MeToo story, but also an Asian American story that cites Carlos Bulosan and @alexanderchee. Should be a #campusread for all  …
I don’t know about you but whenever I see someone with the last name Lee I assume it’s an Asian person and every time EVERY TIME I find out it’s a white person I am just shocked I tell you!
A good time to remember that US education has largely been about the assimilative destruction of Native, Black, Latinx, Asian, Pacific Islander cultures. An education that sustains our cultures is about sustaining the futures of valued  & yes, cultural sites.
In 202X, 30+ asian american liberals will still be raising awareness about diverse representations, and speak truth to power by voting with their dollars by buying tickets to Crazy Rich Asians 3. After, they retreat behind  to do 18MR-sponsored TED Poetry Slam.
In "Are Asian public affairs students different? Comparing job sector attitudes and sector preference between public affairs students at an Asian and Dutch University", @Prof_Zeger and @amussagulova explore student #PSM in the Netherlands and 
This is the true asian american experience  …
Friends,  to interviewing/reviewing about 12 South Asian writers with  out this year. Please connect me to editors of lit mags who’d be interested in publishing these interviews! I know a couple, please help me build this list. Thanks!
Honestly this pair of tweets sums up the attitude of too many Asian Americans toward the racist reality in which we live, DGAF until whoops, it hits home hit send  …
one time this asian cuck sub got mad at me for having an asian bf instead of a white one (cause he thinks yt dick is “superior”) and showed me a pic of another domme w her skinny ass white bf, like my bf is buff and has a sleeve but yes kyle over here is your alpha
When Asian whales hit you up 
In w*rwixk uni 18/19: There were: 9706 white students 4352 Asian students 947 Black students - just in case people wanted the stats for essays xxxx
Agnez shows how she breaks Asian stereotypes in L.A. It's all about the humble flex. 
#Badhrachalam : "Asian Uday Bhaskar Bookings Pettadame Matney Nundi Pettesadu Morning Show Bookings Pette lope Sold Out Anta.. 1st Time Baabu Show "FDFS Miss Avthunna, Matney ki Book Cheskunna, But Maxx Try Chesthunna Hope I Will #SarileruNeekevvaru #SLNMassManiaAllOver
it seems like people are focusing on this as an exo vs. bts thing when this girl literally thought he was in bts just because he’s asian?? like hello??? 
I get the purpose behind the Rooney Rule but as a Jets fan fresh off 4 years of minority Todd Bowles (and one year of white Adam Gase), I'd just like to get a  head coach, white, black, latino, asian I don't care.
EIU is Britain based forecasting, advisory research & analysis firm which publishes “Worldwide Cost of Living” report each year Report places 4 South Asian cities in top 10 One of them is in #Pakistan while rest are in India Karachi has been placed at 6th position
Being angry in an asian house  …
I agree with this article. It's also why I am not a big fan of #OscarsSoWhite. Your life and self-worth will not change as a result of Asian and POC actors being cast as superheroes and romantic leads. In other words, don't be a corny boba liberal. 
When you walk into a lecture and see you’re the only Asian  …
Fun fact: Not every video game has to have any of the following in them: Women Men Straight people LGBT Representation Animals Caucasian people Black people Asian people Its the developers choice what they want in their game, not yours.
I’m watching the movie where Asian American actress Scarlet Johansson  a external hard drive. Excellence
“I confess I had no desire to die in a Southeast Asian rice paddy. I considered the war in Vietnam already lost.” Despite this, Bolton publicly advocates for war with Iran. 
PSA to letter of  writers: the phrase “as a stereotypical asian immigrant” does not belong in a letter regardless of  you think you’re being.
Wanna know a great caper I pulled off because racism is so fucked up? I used to have my white or Asian friends go in the store with me and they'd steal while the store employees were busy watching me. I got so much shit because of that.
Wakanda was very symbolic. This “hidden” technologically developed city in Africa. It didn’t go over my head (watching “Black Panther”). This Asian guy (former employee of Honda) put me up on the hidden advanced technologies of Africa (certain nations).
Even though most women of color did not receive the opportunity to vote in 1920 with the passage of the 19th Amendment, we still need to celebrate those hard-working #BlackSuffragists & their Asian, Native & Latina sisters who were in the trenches fighting for that right. 
So what will be the Hausa word for "Atom"? Will it be shorter or longer since they might have to explain it properly? Brevity is key in Education. Would the phrases make for longer sentences  Learning? Because we know how Asian linguistics helps Asians with Math
American people the hollering about how we need to unify but don’t want to vote for @AndrewYang. Can’t nobody unify us like the asian man who likes math! They can’t taking unity that serious! 
Tao had the right to feel offended when they mistook him for a group he was never in. Also, not his fault some people have that mentality that every Asian guy they see is automatically Korean. This is Zitao unbothered king so say what you want he could care less.
Mexican and Asian jokes aren’t cool either. But I’m glad he lets us all know what else he had on his mind
Biden's slim lead in Asian American voters is almost certainly due to people over the age of 45 leaning towards him. But talking w/ my parents and their friends, they are all amenable to Bernie. Just gotta talk with them and make the ask (commit to vote for Bernie).  …
Indian ARMYs you don't need to worry or think about the Billboard count for the albums. That is for the US armys, not for Asian ARMYs. Ours will be counted on the Korean charts.
The fact that someone else was mistaken for a member means no one knows what your members look like. They saw an Asian man with a camera crew and automatically assumed the only Asian thing they know. That's racist.  …
Um, ScarJo is in that list. She’s African and she’s Asian in many of her movies. /s
Even after we published our book, a critic STILL believes that Confucian values explain #AsianAmerican achievement. OURS @ERSjournal: "It's time we laid to rest the reigning misperception that achievement can be reduced to #Asian #culture or  …
So Tao was rightfully offended that some white girls implied that all Asian men look alike by saying he looks like a bts member, he corrected them and said that exo was very popular too. I’m not seeing a problem except for fetishism and a sprinkle of racism so. 
Some new followers in the last couple days.  I tweet a lot about Asian American stuff, representation in entertainment, and my screenwriting journey. Also John Cho. You’ll see why. Remember to be kind to someone today!
While 80% of plastic in the  from Asia, western countries have been exporting plastic waste to Asia for decades, but many Asian countries are now refusing it. How do we solve #plasticpollution? @UNDPasiapac explains. 
Want to stay up-to-date with Team Warren's Asian American & Pacific Islander organizing program and how you can help? Text AAPI to 24477 and sign up for our newsletter here:  …
Faf has broken some records as captain First team to lose a test series to an Asian team at home First team to lose to England at Newlands Since readmission First captain to beat Australia in SA since readmission But his captaincy has been really poor for some time now
#Darbar Hyderabad City Huge Number of Shows Alloted !!! Still PVR Chain Have to Open !!! Some Asian Chains Will Have Extra Shows !!! Extra Theaters are in Talks !!!
I was blocked for daring to suggest invisible Asian man could have important ideas worth listening to.
51.1% of White people visited a museum or  with 33.5% of Black people and 43.7% of Asian people  … @waji35 am sure you've seen these data, and you and others are ensuring museums respond better to the inequalities
Hoping to speak to women who have felt/are feeling suicidal during pregnancy or within first 12 months after birth, particularly black/asian/minority ethnic women. Please get in touch: holly.reid@postgrad.manchester.ac.uk #maternalmentalhealth #research2020 
the three things bangtan have done this season of bon voyage tht are asian household culture -jinminkook sitting at the table peeling a fuckton of garlic -tae being like “dishwashers are used to.... wash dishes...?” -jk saying “why are we singing in the middle of eating”
“Among those who have also left was director of DARPA, the acting undersecretary for personnel and readiness, the principal deputy undersecretary for intelligence, and the assistant secretary for Asian and Pacific security affairs.”  …
EUROPEAN AND ASIAN SELENATORS LISTENING TO #RARE BEFORE AMERICANS. NOW WE FINALLY 
I mean, please, #AndrewYang is pretty recognizable and famous now**, if anything from being on night time talk shows. @geoff_yang , no offense, you are not a household name or face - **even for ppl who think all Asian look alike
thiS ASIAN HOUSEHOLD hhHAJJSSJ when jin started to sing mother while they were still eating jungkook was like “why are you singing in the middle of eating?”
Once more for those in the back, #AndrewYang the sole remaining POC is getting weird media treatment - i.e., ignored + then when he is covered, any nearby random Asian dude a an approximation of his 1st or last name will do - @andrewyang I'm wondering:  …?
Honestly people came for the girls for taking pics with random Asian men when he was the one asking for the pic and not the girls
Oh yeah, be sure to check out the famous madrigal, "I'm a whiney little Asian fetishising man" from c. 1298. It came from the Minnesingen tradition but had crossover appeal with weeboos across Europe and survives in several manuscripts.  …
Genetic evidences sugstd that those who R propagating Hindutwa ideo did not belonged to Aisan DNA gene,though Europian.& rest of us belngs to da dravadian gene.means, asian indian.Nw scientifically, V R the ntiv indians,not da chaddi gang. so conduct #DNABasedNRC & go whr u blng2
Alleged ‘Asian’ Grooming Gang Including Policeman Appears in Court  …
Faculty members of South Asian University have issued a solidarity statement condemning attack on JNU students and Faculty members. @shwets_singh @medha_bisht @dhananjayjnu @NabarunRoy15 
at least there’s one asian woman  …
Please stop erasing her Asian heritage  …
Really great to see some Asian representation at least.  …
Diversity on stage has far to go, founder of UK's first English language Asian theatre says 
We're accepting applications for our "First Research Article“ fellowship! Open to #histsci #histmed #envhist #sts graduate students based at Asian, African, or Latin American institutions. Deadline March 15, 2020.  #phd #phdlife #academia 
If Andrew Yang is elected President, I and every other Asian-American man will join the Secret Service to be his body souble
French Albums Year-End Chart 2019 #73 MOTS: Persona #189 LY: Answer @BTS_twt managed to debut 2 Asian Albums in the French Year-End Chart! MOTS: Persona and LY: Answer are the first Asian Albums to debut!  …
Jatinder Verma is a giant in the British arts scene, but pushed to the sidelines for decades because he did 'Asian arts'. He says the British arts establishment still has a long, long way to go in dealing with diversity.  …
Pak Air Force fighter jet (possibly an FT-7PG) crashes in Mianwali district, both pilots incl. a Sqn Ldr killed. Since 2012, atleast 20 PAF fighter pilots have been killed in crashes, making PAF the flying coffin force of Asian military aviation. 
Oh wait nevermind, 2 nominations for an Asian actress, phew 
If you're even real a fan, why don't you know how your idol looks like? You can't just mistaken any asian guy as a kpop group member. That's just disrespectful.
i've been reading about Manabendra Nath Roy all day after I tweeted and I am always stunned at the incredible pockets of leftist history, especially histories of international solidarity amongst South Asian revolutionaries and the rest of the world. 
This is kinda embarassing not every asian is in b*s yikes  …
Even if they’re not fans, you just can’t assume that most/every asian person you encounter is them :/
Tao reply was very classy considering how many idols and asian artists must be getting this stupid ass question on a daily. He could have simply said he’s a successful C-Pop solo artist but instead he didn’t act like EXO never happened 
Ok but real talk why do people always think that every asian people are that group?? don’t you know what your faves look like
na jaemin is literally every asian mom's ideal man for their daughters, i wanna introduce him to my mom and grandma jsksksks 
An Asian fusion restaurant named A Wok To Remember.
judul tesis Reynhard Sinaga: "sexualiti and everyday transnationalism among south asian gay and bisexsual men in manchester" tesis ditolak. penelitian tetep jalan 
Do these bitches think all Asian males in their twenties look like their oppars please 
why are asian girls so godamn fine
Re: ScarJo "What more can you say about this trans, Afro–Asian icon who is part-tree?" I've headed to the Upper Room y'all.  
Here’s your filtered Asian take out. Sorry we don’t accept cards cash upon delivery. 
No one: uneducated people seeing an asian person: “yOu loOk liKe a memBeR oF btS” 
I plan to be hella selfish this year and only take care of what’s mine
Here we go again ! RT GAME Deposit paid $3/$3/$3 1 HOUR  only, 3 max Let's drain him { finD findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow Asian rt game drain him } 
On this day a year ago, India became the first ever Asian team to beat Australia in Australia in a test series!! What a wonderful series it was, proper dominance of the Indian team. A total team effort that made this happen!! 
#OnThisDay in 2019, India became the first Asian team to win a test series in Australia. Adelaide - India won by 31 runs Perth - Australia won by 148 runs Melbourne - India won by 137 runs Sydney - Match Drawn Man of the Series - Pujara 
Today in 2019 India became 1st Asian Team to win a Test series In Australia (2-1) Kohli became 1st Asian Captain to win a Test series In Australia
On this day in 2019 Virat Kohli became the first Asian captain to win a Test series in Australia.
HEY ASIAN ACTORS AND SINGERS I NEED YOU OK THX BYE 
Professor Vivian YAM (Chemistry) has been conferred the Foundation Lectureship Award 2019, only one awarded every two years, by the Federation of Asian Chemical Societies (FACS). Congratulations to Professor Yam for the outstanding achievements! #hkuscience #chemistry 
Can’t wait for next week, when Sullivan demands citations for scientific studies proving that Jews don’t have funny bumps on their skulls, Asian women’s vaginas aren’t “sideways”  …
1. Indons will overlook the rape part and start blaming the entire  and put stigma for this 2. Brits would have sentiment over asian immigrant, embolden racism against asian diaspora in UK 3. Internalized homophobia within   …
This day last year, India won their historic first Test series in Australia Cheteshwar Pujara and Jasprit Bumrah were India's heroes as they also became the first Asian side to win a Test series down under  
seeing luke hemmings wearing an asian conical hat with a pink strap while peacefully floating down a river just cured every problem ive ever had 
Wtf. Dia tengah buat PhD "Sexuality and everyday transnationalism: South Asian gay and bisexual men" . So dia buat experiment ke apa? Sick sick sickkkkkk mannn  …
Professor Lee Hoseok English king and Kpop asian music singer #WonhoWeAreStaying #너가_괜찮다면_나도_괜찮아 @OfficialMonstaX 
Do you call these Korean pears or Asian pears in English?? I’ve always called them Korean pears... 
Happy 5 year anniversary to the time I was dancing in a dimly-lit club when two guys approached me and asked "Are you Asian?" and then walked away from me when I said no.
Being mad in an asian household  …
i revived my blog to thoroughly talk about why THE FAREWELL being nominated as a foreign film has been so hurtful to me as an asian american  …
On this day in 2019!! Virat Kohli  1st Asian captain to won a test series in Australia. @imVkohli #ViratKohli 
On This Day Last Year. Virat Kohli became the first Asian Captain to succeed down under @imVkohli 
#OnThisDay 2019 Virat Kohli  the only Asian captain to win a test series in Australia. 31 Asian Captain who Played a test series in Australia. 
Meanwhile, Courtney Milan makes public and private statements about how harmful and hurtful stereotypes about Asian women are, including to her personally, and RWA leadership chooses to assume she is acting in bad faith, that she is purely a malicious actor out to ruin careers.
Did they just use a stock photo of an Asian dude...?  …
Compliments for Asian diaspora kids in the 2010s: “Are you mixed?” Compliments for Asian diaspora kids in the 2020s: “Are you Korean?”
My white friend: Be honest, are you supporting Yang because he is Asian or because you support his policies? Me: Be honest, are you not supporting Yang because he is Asian? What kind of stupid question is that?
In a world of blockbuster superhero movies, a foreign language film about family, a granddaughter & grandmother is recognized. Wow! @awkwafina The first actress of Asian heritage to win a best actress Golden Globe in film. #RepresentationMatters #family  …
Can someone please explain to him that Finn is black, Rose is Asian, Poe is Hispanic and Holdo is strongly hinted at being a lesbian? He can’t see why Rey standing on their backs is not offensive.  …
Cube is gearing up to launch a large Promotional campaign for (G)I-DLE in the US according to article. They will begin their activities first half of this year along side US management Asian Agent and public relations team E2PR.  … #G_I_DLE 
All Chinese are pervs, apparently. "You can respect Asian women, but you can't lust after them because they have smol bewbs." I wish these types of people stopped drafting laws in CA where I live. They can't logic. Paging @Toshi_TNE make  boobs  …
Here is an idea for @CNBC. Do a new picture for Andrew Yang every day. One by one you can bring prominence to Asian American men. Next, An Wang: - Invented a type of magnetic core memory - Licensed his technology to IBM - At one time was 5th richest person in the United States 
imagine minimizing the xenophobia 7 Asian men have to face as new artists in America singing in  different language to your fav being made fun of for having a prepubescent voice...... lmao the reach  …
Drowning dog tied to 'heavy rock' rescued from river in England, woman arrested, police say  #FoxNews Who hates dogs in England?? Couldn't be Asian or African Immigrants.
1952 (McCarran-Walter Act): Asian-Americans get the right to  citizens and vote.
I made my mom try shoyu ramen last week and it made her more interested in asian cuisine, today she came up to me and asked me "hey do you know what "p h o" is?"
like idk why i have to say this. she continues to defebd woody allen. she took a role that was meant for an asian woman, and she was going to play a trans man, and she doesnt see anything wrong with this. as a trans man im so angry ! and it sucks to see people turning a blind eye  …
Sticky Asian Grilled Chicken 
‘Handsome Tigers’ cast recreated a photo of the legendary basketball team gold medalists during 2002 busan asian games. this basketball variety show is set to premiere on January 10, 2020 at 11:10 p.m. KST! MVP  through.  … #차은우 @offclASTRO 
Can we stop lying to ourselves for a second? What CNBC did today with the graphic was racist. That’s just it, It was blatant racism against Asian Americans. Let’s call it out for what it is. RACISM. #YangGang
My TL: [insert Brandon Phillips joke here] Me: You know, 4 is condsidered unlucky in many East Asian cultures, including Japan. I think it's fascinating that he would wear this number, because the implications are..... My TL: HAHAHA SLAP IN THE FACE TO BP LOL!!!!!!  …
As an interesting side note, I also had grindr briefly as a male-presenting, Asian person. At that time, I got very little attention - the opposite of my experience as a female-presenting person. This, I believe, says a lot about the misogynistic sexual racism in our society
Staff observed Asian elephant Debbie as she used both her trunk and her mouth to pull at the tree branches by the pond before chewing on the bark (although foraging for browse in the habitat is a natural behavior most often associated with the African elephants at The Sanctuary). 
‘Innocent mistake’? CNBC replaces Andrew Yang and Tulsi Gabbard with generic Asian man, white senator 
[Insert Asian Here] [Insert white woman here] Fucking Lefties  …
TDS538: Fist Smashes Dildo  … The Death Panel examine mounds of information. The Fake Government Club Too Pro Iran? Trump, Jignat Avatar Asian News Bobs Deadly IUDs Dual Citizen Desert Boomer Schlomo Force Mystery Meat Rave at Mount Zion 
Some asshole producer at @CNBC googled "Yang" and put up the first pic of an asian guy. I'm ded.  …
South Asian influencers, we may not be able to convert every narrow minded uncle to care about human rights but we can 1. use our platforms to spread awareness of what's happening in India rn/share credible info 2. Make our stance known (if u feel safe/mentally ok to do so)
Julian Castro doesn't trust voters of color. Why would he pick the one leading candidate with ONLY white backers and not, say, the candidate who polls #1 with Latinos, Asian-Americans, Native Americans and #2 with African-Americans... Bernie Sanders.
We need more Asian American journalists to speak out against this. You may not agree with Yang's politics, but this is about more than his campaign for President. This is about Asian erasure, invisibility, and blatant discrimination. #YangMediaBlackout
when i tell East Asians I’m asian too I just know their inner thoughts are something like “nah I’m not like YOU terrorists”
bitches be dating asian guys and be like ‘’w my nigga ’’ girl thats Nguyen
1. @Awkwafina became the first Asian-American woman to win the Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy award. 
⁦ @FinancialReview⁩ editorial celebrates Australia’s new status as world’s biggest LNG exporter “delivering lower-emissions energy to Asian economies”. Yes gas has lower CO2 output, but AFR refuses to confront the fact that we need to decarbonise world economy: coal/oil/gas. 
We are CASTING! Looking for Asian & Asian-American actors in LA for a 5 min. sci-fi  produced through Visual Communications' Armed With a Camera Fellowship. Please share! 
. @awkwafina made history last night! She's the first Asian-American woman to win a Golden Globe for Best Actress in  or musical for her role in @thumbelulu's @thefarewell. Congratulations! #RepresentationMatters  …
asian girls aren’t a wave they a mf tsunami
The Four January Gym Attendees of the Apocalypse: - Asian uni student doing x1000 leg extensions while playing raid shadow legends - middle aged Indian man wearing a polo shirt n jeans - 31 yr old single woman saying that “this is her year” - skinny white kid (he gonna make it)
Hey @CNBC! You know how you used a random Asian male for @AndrewYang's photo? And the wrong woman's photo for @TulsiGabbard? Next time you could save time and use my photo for both instead cause I'm Asian a woman! #yangang #YangMediaBlackout #Yang2020
Awkwafina makes #GoldenGlobes history as the first performer of Asian descent to win in a lead actress film category 
Are you kidding me? I can't figure out whether the media is racist or  is a good look. Left him out of 15+ graphics, called him John Yang on air but this time you have out done yourself by putting a random Asian dude's picture in his place on the graphic.  …
Bernie lost California and everywhere the Latino vote dominates! He loses precinct that Asian voters dominate. He lost union households and ppl under 50k. The disconnect is he has no record of doing what he is promising. And that can be fatal to those government is a lifeline
. @SquawkCNBC using a random Asian guy’s photo for @AndrewYang is so messed 
Electroneum. The startup is about to launch its global freelance platform AnyTask and its non-profit eLearning TaskSchool as well as a full, countrywide crypto ecosystem in an Asian country and crypto village somewhere in Africa, to mention a few of this year's objectives.
He literally places one racist stereotype against another -- black men against Japanese (Asian).
Awkwafina is the first Asian-American to win a Golden Globe Award for best actress in a musical  film for her role in “The Farewell.” 
Want an example of why people are tired of processed cheeze-whiz news? They can’t even get Yang’s photo right. Just stuck in some “Asian dude” I’m not being political here, I just have a real problem with mass market news being so terrible the past decade.  …
In the two decades we have known of their existence, only four sightings of Saola have been documented - earning this species the nickname "Asian Unicorn". The name 'saola' is from the Tai language of Vietnam, which roughly translates to "spindle horned". World Wildlife Fund 
It took 71 years 31 series 98 tests To win a test series in aus for an asian team Under 𝐕𝐢𝐫𝐚𝐭 𝐤𝐨𝐡𝐥𝐢 team ind won it for the 1st time on 7/01/19 Now vote for kohli  
Congratulations to @awkwafina on  the first Asian-American woman to win a Golden Globe for best actress in  or musical! Whether it’s in Congress or on the big screen, representation matters and makes a difference. 
FIGHT NEWS! @RD_Goat returns to the cage on January 25th in LA to take on Jason “The Asian Persuasion” King at 
Not only do you have two white ass men showing up on horses, you have one that tells two Asian men (Yixing and his friend) that they are lost and that they look like they are "far from home". Meanwhile having his hand on gun and for what??? To intimidate?! I'm so disgusted 
queens of asian american hollywood 
U-18 Women National Team wins the 2020 West Asian Football Championship! U-18 Lebanon 3-0 U-18 Bahrain [Layla "Lili" Iskandar x2, Farah El Tayar] MABROUK LEBNEN! 
. @KatrinaPierson on diminishing diversity of Democrat primary field: "What I want to see on January 14th, in that Democrat debate, is a sign hanging on the wall that says 'If you're Black, Latino, or Asian, we just want your vote but you can keep your candidates.'" 
On This Day Last Year Team India became the first Asian Team to win a Test Series in Australia Virat Kohli became the first Asian Captain to succeed down under Do vote for Kohli here:  @imVkohli #ViratKohli 
She’s a showstopper, she’s my friend and now she’s a history maker. Congratulations @awkwafina for taking home the Golden Globe AND for being the first Asian American woman to win the award for Best Actress in a Comedy or Musical. Slow clap 
This whole Geoff Yang thing reminds me of when I was going through security with my dad at the airport and the TSA guy thought we were related to the random Asian family behind us and my dad without missing a beat went “lol yeah we’re probably distant relatives”
I’m the first of  generation to push, fight for and subsequently bring to fruition a core cast that has Black and South Asian characters together in a sitcom setting. Not as causal bypassers, but as best friends and family. Put some respect on that... 
"yangs Asian jokes offended me" twitter real silent right now
Hello journos anyone *else* want to take a stab at this? I'm not partisan for @AndrewYang (don't assume just because I'm also Asian American) I'm just a writer who is curious +  more shocked because this keeps going on AFTER it's been pointed out.  …
Guess a movie about immortal gods called Eternals and a movie spanning over thousands of years and featuring a babylon battle and an ensemble of 13+ cast members .. directed by a new and visionary asian female filmmaker isn’t a “risk”  …
#BTS is the only Asian artist in the top 10 of ChartMasters' 'Best selling artists of the 2010s'  
It all starts somewhere, and now that it’s begun, this train ain’t stopping any time soon. Congratulations @awkwafina for all the inspiration, hard work, and being the first ever Asian-American to win the Golden Globe for Best Actress. Thank you @thumbelulu for making it 
In the early 70's Rotherham was a hotbed of Asian rape gangs as this Labour politician Lord Ahmed is charged with attempted child rape. His case started today. No MSM reporting! Go figure.... #MuslimRapeGangs #Rotherham  …
AWKWAFINA WINS HER LEAD ACTRESS AWARD!! FIRST WOMAN OF ASIAN DESCENT!! IM SO FUCKIN PROUD OF THIS DORK 
They just googled “Asian man” and hoped no one would notice 
This is like a bad  skit. “Just Google an Asian man and slap that photo up. Viewers won’t know the difference.” What an embarassment for  …
For me personally oyinbo boys /mixed boys like curly hair/ braids. Black boys/ Asian boys like bone straight hair/ Wavy hair. ( Me personally; before  drag me).
The Democrats really just don’t want Asian Americans in their political party huh. Noted
Haruka Kanata ( Naruto opening 2 ) to this day is still one of the best anime openings of all time Asian Kung-Fu Generation in general just has so many bangers
Our Chief Guest for Annual Police Sports is Mahila Police Constable, Asian Games Silver Medalist in Kabbadi...we are Proud, she deserves More. 
Let’s get @AndrewYang trending with #IowaForYang and show MSM our support for Yang, They must think we’re not a significant force or else they wouldn’t have said google searched “Asian male” for his coverage and said “good enough”. Unbelievable.  …
Awkwafina became the first Asian woman to win a Golden Globe for lead actress in  for her performance in ‘The Farewell’ 
my southeast asian boy begs to differ.  
They used a photo of a random Asian guy to represent @AndrewYang —a racist stereotypes that say “all Asians look alike” AND they replaced @TulsiGabbard w/ @SenGillibrand— who dropped awhile ago. Liberal uproar over POC candidates was a farce. They participate in the  …
this GIF shows what it looks like when asian carp get established in a body of water (via @PBS video:  …) if they get loose in the Great Lakes, experts say carp jumping + whacking boaters could  a serious public health problem:  
Can we confront this as the racism it obviously is please, Krystal? We've said it a million times that if the #YangMediaBlackout happened to a black candidate, it would immediately be understood as racism. Why is it so different for an Asian American?
Yo @CNBC all Asians don’t look the same to me....I’ve been trying to look at these #MSM “mistakes” in any other way besides racist but u replacing @AndrewYang w/an unknown Asian Man & @TulsiGabbard w/a pic of @SenGillibrand who is white... You tell me...how should I look at it?
"Sexuality and everyday transnationalism among South Asian gay and bisexual men in Manchester" was a title for Reynhard Sinaga's thesis. Another proof that doing sexuality studies doesn't mean that one embodies sexual justice.
Awkwafina made history at the 2020 Golden Globes last night. “The Farewell” actress became the first woman of Asian descent to win the award for lead actress in a   …
[IG] 200106 asiantvawards instagram update Cherry Bullet invites filipino fans to watch their performance at Resorts World Manila for 24th Asian TV Awards on January 11 & 12! #CherryBullet #체리블렛 
Thank you @PardeepNarwal_9 for all your support towards @imrealasim Those who don't know him i wanna tell he is an Indian Kabaddi Player. He has won Gold Medal's in World Cup, Asian Championship, Kabaddi Masters !! #BB13 #ViewersChoiceAsim @BiggBoss @BollySpy 
This morning, @SquawkCNBC posted a gfx with another man of (presumably) Asian descent instead of @AndrewYang and @SenGillibrand as @TulsiGabbard. Link to vid:  
So they put the wrong Asian man for Yang (don’t worry people don’t care about casual racism if you’re Asian) and put Gillibrand who isn’t even in the race over Tulsi’s fund raising numbers. And they wonder why the public doesn’t trust the media  …
In the Great Lakes — which are connected to the Mississippi River via the Chicago Area Waterway System—Asian carp would almost certainly decimate local fish populations, ravage the ecosystem, and destroy the $7  fishing industry. 
Ok. I thought this was fake and had to double check on youtube... This is REAL people! They used a "random asian man" for Yang and used Gillibrand for Tulsi... Am I missing something? Is this a troll channel like the Onion? How can this be real?  …
The name Asian carp actually applies to four species of fish: bighead carp, silver carp, grass carp, and black carp. In the 1960s, all four were introduced  fish ponds in the southern U.S. to help manage algal overgrowth. 
Join @EqualityLabs and @StopHindutva for a national day of action on January 19,2020. The time for the South Asian diaspora to speak up is now. 
Hard to gain traction when they replace your photo with just any Asian dude. Also, Tulsi is not blonde. @CNBC @msnbc — Lemme guess — another oops!  …
This unusually extreme method of aquatic control is an attempt to keep out one of the most relentless invasive species in the United States: Asian carp. 
Indian kabaddi athlete #Pradeepnarwal GOLD medalist in world cup ,& Asian championship Captain of patan pirates in kpl Is supporting #asimriaz #bb13 #asim @TheKhbri @rahulbhoj007 @BiggBoss_takk 
Just remember America, for decades, has destabilized, terrorized and bullied nations (mostly Black & Brown & Asian) for natural resources & corporate gains... This Iran situation started when our CIA killed their democratically elected leader in the early 50’s ...
. @Awkwafina won Best Actress in a Comedy/Musical for “The Farewell” at the #GoldenGlobes — she is the 1st woman of Asian descent to ever win the prize. 
Awkwafina makes #GoldenGlobes history as the first performer of Asian descent to win in a lead actress film category 
me trying to explain how nuest debuted in 2012 but are still 25 mean age and how they have a large asian and overseas fanbase but a weaker intl one so they arent fl*ps like most would think but just sort of underground intl. wise 
loona riding a limousine like the rich asian kids that they are 
Awkwafina shares what it means to be the 1st Asian-American woman to win a #GoldenGlobe for Best Actress in a Motion 
Asim Riaz Achievement :- - Biggest Fandom - Done - 24th Asian Ranking - Done - 4th T.v. Ranking - Done - Biggest Trend 6 Millions - Done - Next plan - Winning The Bigg Boss #AsimFandomHits6M
Awkwafina makes history for Asian women with #GoldenGlobes win:  
Javed Miandad — "An Indo-Pak bilateral series will improve relations as it'll also help both states financially. We  culture. If asian states unite for  cause of cricket then it would benefit all. Bangladesh is brotherly to Pakistan & we must help eachother"
the way awkwafina was the first asian to win best actress when sakura johansson was right there UGHHH why do they f=give awards to culture vultures and not someone in touch with their heritage?
‘I HOPE THIS IS JUST THE BEGINNING’: After making history as the first Asian American to win a best actress #GoldenGlobe, #TheFarewell star @awkwafina shares her hope that she won’t be the 
You are so full of crap. I had both my children delivered in Kenya in 1996 & 1999 by two amazing Kenyan doctors. One asian & one 'black' not that 'colour' is a criteria. I had my thyroid surgery & one pain block done in Kenya last year. Get a grip of your life.  …
Asian men are truly the most bottom barrel humans, is it everyday misogyny? Do you get a buzz out of shaming women?  …
Awkwafina became the first winner of Asian descent in her category at the Golden Globes  
Congratulations to Awkwafina, the first Asian-American woman in history to win a Golden Globe for best actress!  …
Idle asian/world  soon save money nevies 
Awkwafina has made Golden Globes history as the first performer of Asian descent to win a Golden Globe Award in a lead actress film category.  …
BTS is the #9 best selling artist of the 2010s according to ChartMasters, and they are the only Asian artist in TOP 10! So proud of you guys @BTS_twt  
Simply put, it's a sociological theory that asserts Asian-Americans  in and perpetuate white supremacy via a particular sort of triangulation. This triangulation places them in a social positioning higher than blacks but not as high as whites. (1/2)
Sajid Javid defends Asian  saying 'we can’t be oversensitive'  …
Extraordinary volume in gold (and silver) futures trading, during the last two days, especially during Asian trading hours. Volumes are way to large to be private investors trading. Some serious Institutional money at work. Suspect some of it is gov’s/sov’s oriented. 
The only Korean act, the only Asian act, the only non-English speaking act, BTS are the history itself 
CONGRATULATIONS! Awkwafina makes Golden Globes history as first Asian woman to win best actress in  film 
Hopefully,we’d stop seeing remakes of korean,Asian and foreign movies in general in America. I’m still not over the ring,old boy,the eye,etc. Also I hope non-american work will stop being boxed and get the categories they deserve,finally train to busan deserves.
BTS is the only Asian artist to be listed in the Top 10 Best Selling Artists of the 2010s, Knetz react  
Stop hyphenating Asian American. This has been a PSA.
Awkwafina makes #GoldenGlobes history as the first performer of Asian descent to win in a lead actress film category 
girls wear one basic asian suit and post it everywhere with the caption ‘sometimes asian’ or ‘for the culture’
Markets start 1st full week of new decade in Risk-Off mode as investors rattled by seismic events surrounding Iran & US. Most Asian mkts in red w/Nikkei -1.9%. US 10y ylds drop to 1.79%. Brent Oil jumps to $70/bbl on fears of supply disruptions. Gold +1.5% at $1573. Bitcoin $7.5k 
Still mad at David for being able to do an Asian squat when I’m asian and I can’t  …
no one: asian boys who dye their hair: 
Philippine President Duterte has ordered the military to prepare to evacuate thousands of Filipino workers in Iraq and Iran. Other Asian nations with large populations of expatriate labor may face the same decisions amid spiraling U.S./Iran tensions. 
and before i mute this, i'm an asian woman very disappointed by a white woman taking a role that should have gone to an asian woman, and if you won't listen to me, listen to ming-na wen 
A victory for all Asian Americans...we advance together.  …
i want to be in at least one movie during my lifetime. even if I’m just “asian waitress number 3.” i’m speaking it into existence
Arsenal FC - Leeds United Over 11 Asian Corners @1.93 Bet365 (7/10) Stake 3.5%
That's what makes this historical moment so bittersweet. First Asian-American to win Best Actress...it's great. But, much like various other online Asian-American acts, she ultimately got there at the expense and appropriation of black culture... ...still not sure how to feel.
Awkwafina made history at #GoldenGlobes as the first woman of Asian descent to win best actress - musical  
may ur asian parents proudly gaze upon you like how lulu wang and zhao shuzhen lovingly watch awkwafina win at the #goldenglobes but tbh if ur not  the first woman of asian descent to win best actress in a  it probably isnt gonna happen for you my dude 
History-making. @awkwafina is reportedly the first woman of Asian descent to win best actress in  or musical motion picture at the #GoldenGlobes  
Awkwafina makes #GoldenGlobes history as the first performer of Asian descent to win in a lead actress film category 
'Parasite'  the first Korean movie to win a Golden Globe + . @awkwafina  the first Asian woman to win Best Actress, Motion Picture, Musical or Comedy  
"I actually heard that fact and it was pretty mind-blowing. It feels incredible….but you want there to be more. I hope this is only the beginning." - @awkwafina backstage on being the first Asian American to win lead actress in  at the 
asian rep i’m so happy :’) 
but this ain’t anthony mackie or florence pugh this is zionist and asian tree  …
@Awkwafina is the first woman of Asian descent to win this Golden Globe  …
fellow asian american hero scarjo announcing awkwafina as the #goldenglobes winner for best actress in a motion picture musical  is the cultural moment weve always needed
Awkwafina wins and accepts her Lead Actress Awardl! First woman of Asian descent! 
Awkwafina is the first Asian performer to win this award. So richly deserved, for a perfect performance in a perfect movie.  …
“I’d like to dedicate this to my dad, Wally. I told you I’d get a job dad!” -Awkwafina, winning Best Actress at #GoldenGlobes tonight and channeling every Asian-American in the creative arts.
So lovely to see Scarlett present a Golden Globe to another Asian American woman!
Awkwafina just became the first Asian woman to win a Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Comedy. 
Why is there always Asian people dancing in  ???? LMFAOOOOO I be dead asf
Asian Americans sitting around claiming that Chinese New Year has nothing to do with China and thinking that debating what we actually call the holiday is actually productive Our agendas are so incredibly fucked People are dying, Frankie.  …
These same high-IQ legal Asian immigrants from  backgrounds are derided by the left as "white adjacent" -- discriminated against in admission to academic programs -- while illegal low-IQ south-of-the-border immigrant groups receive admission preferences.  …
Racism tov asian ppl is soo normalized? Mad disgusting
If you think about it ,it wasn’t just Hollywood, how many of us are right now sitting on our iPhones, wearing clothes made in Asian sweatshops and shop at places like Walmart where everything is made in China?
I follow a girl who’s bd is an Asian crip and her IG story has me in shambles right now
Fuck y’all I’m gonna date and marry outside my race. Love is love and it’s 2020 we aren’t in the 1960s anymore. I like white boys, I like hispanic/Latino boy, I like asian boys. Y’all can’t tell me that I’m a disgrace to my race bc i don’t prefer to be with a black guy. It’s not
priyanka being one of the only south asian reps i have in hollywood is racism
With actors @SimuLiu, @awkwafina, and Tony Leung already cast in #ShangChiAndTheLegendOfTheTenRings, the film's entire cast will be "98% Asian" or of Asian descent, according to @MarvelStudios president Kevin Feige!  
I swear if Tarantino's got 2/3rds of his swag from Asian cinema self doesn't acknowledge Parasite...
ASIAN DRAMA HIVE WHERE YALL AT?? this is for all of us who lost eyesight reading small subtitles but were rewarded by finding out amazing stories the western media can only dream about. I want this quote on my skin!!! 
Residents of L.A.’s  many of them historically Asian-American and Latino—are concerned that the neighborhoods they’ve called home for generations are now under threat from developers. 
love all the praise parasite is getting i hope this can launch popularity for more asian films in the west bc yall truly missing out on so many great movies
Do Americans really hate subtitles?? Lmao I cant breathe?? Is this why they’ve only discovered asian cinema now?
BTS Is The Only Asian Artist To Be Listed On The Top 10 Best Selling Artists Of The 2010s  …
He really said "can white people PLEASE stop remake every Asian excellent films for fuck sake just watch the original film with subtitle" i think that's beautiful #GoldenGlobes 
Sir this is an asian woman  …
I do know how to use them. Yes, I know Asians use spoons and forks because I too am Asian. Youre really telling me it's not more efficient to use a spoon/fork when eating literally any food
My parents know I have a stan twitter account to which they refer to as “Asian twitter” and my dad asked me in a very serious tone, “are you the president of the fan club” like how do I tell him I don’t run Monbebe twitter but I do have a cult
I did those “It’s because I’m Polynesian aye” ones (jokingly lol) when I got pulled over and he goes “Your tail lights not working and you look Asian”
From the "Asian's finest" to renowned "police abuse & brutality", it's a heartbreaking change for people who have personal attachment to Hong Kong. Regardless of political views, the Police must not take revengeful actions to harm HK people. Reference:  …
genuinely cba with this little ‘division’ people create, an outsider won’t nit pick at whether you’re pakistani, bengali, indian to them you’re just asian. stop creating more of a divide you muppet  …
You must be tapped to think he has no self respect, it’s a joke. This app isn’t all just serious and don’t be stereotyping Asian Twitter babe xx  …
Apparently liking Asian women means you're a closet pedo, not only is that racist but it's just incredibly stupid thing. 
RT if you believe that NJ should give Black, Latinx, White & Asian kids the chance to go to school together. @nhannahjones @Sifill_LDF @KristenClarkeJD @JohnBKing @NAACP @RyanPHaygood @RevCharlesBoyer @njnaacp @diverse_schools @NEPCtweet @PRRAC_DC @ProfRucker @integratenyc
Apparently liking Asian women is closet paedophilia? Could you fuckin not, mate? 
Asian twitter rlly have no self respect  …
Get on board to stay alive! We conclude our week on Asian horror with Yeon Sang-ho's fun, zombie-filled ride TRAIN TO BUSAN. (And now we patiently wait for James Wan's English remake.) 
Mystical, Magical Vegas trip! ... with mystical, magical people and places! Hangin at the Venetian... and amazing time at Zak Bagans’ The Haunted Museum , yummy Asian and the Creepy Vegas show at Millenium Fandom! Link to pics:  
The SLF and DesiLit are pleased to announce a new co-sponsored grant, founded in memory of Ashim Chandra Bose beginning in 2019. The A.C. Bose Grant will annually give $1000 to a South Asian / South Asian diaspora writer developing speculative fiction.
The  is very upset at Newsom. Every weekend they are here signing the #RecallGavinNewsom petition from 1pm-4pm Located at Ranch 99 Market, 1300 S. Goldenwest Av, corner of Goldwest/Duarte in Arcadia. Stop on by and let's take back our state. 
“He has no path to victory because his support mainly lies among millennials and Asian-Americans” (not from author) Bullshit I’m a white lifelong Republican (with a #winecave at my home) that voted for Trump. And all I do now is raise money for Yang. #YangGang all the  …
In typical asian families yes the parents want you to do good in life with education but don't let them force you into something they couldn't do. Do what you want and in sha allah  successful doing it to provide for yourself and them. And thats what they need to understand
asian girls vow to never make the same mistake again but then end up dating a guy who looks like ricegum
What is wrong with some Asian Americans seriously 
Interesting to know that Indian 'Samosa', Tibetan 'Momo', Italian 'Ravioli', Chinese & Mogolian 'Mantou', all are related to the same central Asian ancient dish, and the Mongolian empire made it popular.  …
Outing the Master to the Nazis as a South Asian spy was both unnecessary and genuinely offensive in an episode featuring Noor Inayat Khan, a South Asian spy the Nazis murdered in Dachau. A fate the Doctor happily leaves her to with "Bonne chance". Good luck - with the Holocaust.
Woodrow Wilson's Chinese Exclusion Act banned NOT only Chinese-Americans but other Asian groups. And Canada had their own Trail of Tears and had interned their Japanese-Canadians at the same time the US did. N. American history with severe short-term memory loss.
First book of 2020 finished and it is an excellent piece of research on terrorism in the region. Review in Central Asian Survey on the way 
P.S. as the thread says: please extra, extra stop blaming Asian culture and audiences for being regressive--as if there are no queer people and movements there, as if subtext is less vital to read than text, etc. It also buys into garbage hetero-idealization fantasies about Asia.
japanese american internment reincarnates!! though asia is a vastly diverse continent, as diaspora, we MUST have solidarity, support each other, and resist imperialism. this is the true intent of the “asian american” label, fuck your media representation!!  …
Couple of pics from the over wintering House Martin in Battle from yesterday. Hadn't seen any good pics of it, so went just in case it was actually an Asian HM. Sadly it does not appear so. 
Asian Street Eats is now open in the Downtown Disney District at the @Disneyland Resort!  
Watching Mercy Mistress, loving the strength and poise of Asian women. 
White and Asian couples r the weakest link I don’t make the rules
#Japan is considered one of the final frontiers for #windpower in an Asian region expected to account for over 60% of the world's offshore capacity by 2050, @NAR reports  
Has anyone else noticed a shift in the  of service workers? I’m seeing black hotel maids again, for example. Also fewer Asian immigrant staffer nail salons. I wonder if it’s about how I consume differently or immigration changes.
Colin, the Pit Slime you are mourning over KILLED THOUSANDS of helpless “Brown” people. He killed “brown” Men, women, children Brown, Black, Asian & FEMALE AMERICANS KILLED HIM This “opportunity” you tried to take to spread your false narrative, to spread your Pit Slime FAILED  …
Nicki Minaj: slut shamed for Anaconda/Good Form & ridiculed for “mocking Asian culture” for Chun-Li I LOVE how stan will push any agenda to masquerade their selective wokeness as if they weren’t the ones ridiculing women on a daily basis then get mad when men rule the charts
Tell that to every US corporation. US customers are not purchasing directly from Asian factories
My dads girlfriend caught the Asian neighbors throwing duck sauce on our dog I can’t make this shit up
Asian parents think lucozade will cure anything Init loool
Race science is when I only know white and east asian people and someone else notices  …
Wherein Bernie clumsily tries to appropriate MLK into his bullshit, reductionist, “class-first” narrative and (bonus) *also* manages to refer Asian-Americans as “the yellows.” Yes. You read that right. All in less than sixty seconds. Here ya go:  …
Barkha Dutt shares fake Whatsapp group chat to accuse ABVP for JNU violence - The South Asian Express #ShutDownJNU  …
Polish story, set in medieval Poland, written by a Polish man, based off of the mythos of Poland. Features primarily POLISH/WHITE people. I wonder why. It's like getting upset Sekiro only has Asian characters.  …
Bruce Lee didn't die so that the racist Hollywood that tried so hard to conceal both his Asian face and his  during his lifetime could now reward a movie that caricatures him in death.  …
asian clothes >>>>>>> 
Better to make it halal asap but in an asian household it is difficult to do so  …
Little Mix doing local version of LM6 : French version : bonus track with @AyaNakamuraa South America Version : bonus track with @Anitta Asian Version : bonus track with @RBW_MAMAMOO US Version : bonus track with @lizzo
not u making iris 1/4 asian when she’s black  …
i grew up watching my momma shop exclusively at the 99cent and asian discount stores. these lil suburban hoes mad we can stunt on pennies coz they literally never learned how.
To mark off an incredible year of @EsportsPUBGM, here are the World Rankings heading into 2020. The future of #PUBGMOBILE is bright, and watching the Southeast Asian and Chinese teams dominate this past year was incredible. 
Remember when I was obsessed with asian men??
Petition for Sarah Geronimo to perform TALA at MNET Asian Music Awards 2020. She will eat the gorls up 
.⁦ @stae_elephants⁩ has the biggest ele petition in history. Out policies are supported by 80% of Britons. Millions of supporters demand a new U.K. law banning the advertising & sale of unethical Asian Elephant related holidays. Sign our petition at  
Takumi Minamino Highlights vs Everton (H) | Best Asian in the league?  …
people who fc renee as anything but asian are untrustworthy
@Yougov, the guys who filter out andrew yang votes and don't believe Asian people exist in america. Right.
An asian girl just told me she was inside an 11 month relationship, without hugging the guy even once mashallah affa for the halal relationship
All you white people make Asian jokes at Asians as if we’ve never heard all of them before. BORING.
No Matter What You’re Good At. No Matter How Long You’ve Been Doing It. No Matter How Long You Continue To Practice It. There Is A Middle School Aged Asian Boy Or Girl That Is Better Than You At It.
"The siege we experienced in  and the way we were being treated by the police, I saw that echoed by the mining families...there were lots of parallels"  … Asian Youth Movements showed solidarity at Orgreave and throughout 1984/5 miners strike 
"We are very concerned about the lack of diversity in Sekiro, why is just a bunch of Asian guys ? I mean, you got magic blood and you press A to jump so it's not realistic or something, just add some white guys"
On human origins, the Asian and Australian angle:  …
Why are black women trying to look asian
You know that gay kiss in Rise of Skywalker? It's an obvious and cynical marketing gimmick to have two unnamed female characters kiss so briefly that it can be easily be edited out for the Asian market, just so they can say they have gay representation  to it.
It’s tax season. Stupid White guy can’t fool Asian woman. 
Asian moms be like 
Homemade Asian pork and vegetable stuffed Bao buns, great hot or cold #SundayBrunch #myfood 
Let the Philippines Women's Volleyball Team play in Asian Volleyball Championship 2020. Coach Ramil as head coach 
120 ODIs, 106, T20Is 240 international wickets Led to gold medal wins at the Asian Games in 2010 and 2014 Happy Birthday to one of Pakistan's most prolific cricketers, Sana Mir 
bts daesang sweeps: melon music awards 2019 mnet asian music awards 2019 golden disk awards 2020 first and only artists to ever achieved this. @BTS_twt
We want @CoolSmashers or @F2CargoMovers in the Asian Women’s Club Volleyball Championship! years na tayong absent! @AlyssaValdez2 @KiannaDy #SavePhilippineVolleyball 
the biggest lesson from the rise of @AndrewYang is just how acceptable it is to silence/marginalize/subvert the Asian American voice. Even amongst the progressive "left" Asians are not seen as minorities cuz the defy the"left" narrative Asian Americans will remember this in 2024
"Lorde understood that her liberation was tied up in the liberation of Afro-German, Afro-French, Afro-Asian, Afro-American, and African women everywhere."  …
In 324 BC, 30,000 Asian infantrymen joined Alexander the Great's army. Since 327 BC veteran Macedonian instructors had trained these youths to fight in the Macedonian manner. Alexander labelled them his 'epigoni'. He intended them to be his main infantry force on future campaigns 
honestly even if youre asian, if you don't live in asia or spend a considerable amount of time in asia, you won't know how it is like being lgbtq+ in asia.
western horror media trying to diversify their monsters always revert back to long haired asian ghost girl
Africa is not a country for it to have a culture. There are cultures by countries not continent It’s like someone saying “your culture is Asian”. It doesn’t make sense.  …
Asim Riaz Achievement :- - Biggest Fandom - Done - 24th Asian Ranking - Done - 4th T.v. Ranking - Done - Biggest Trend 6 Millions - Done - Next plan - Wining The Bigg Boss 13 #ViewersChoiceAsim #AsimFandomHits6M Rt fast, why so slow?
Cutest video Whole social media was gaga over this Most sexiest Asian of the decade Male & female is having such beautiful vdo That's the best thing we can hv as fans of dem apart from movie Pls do a movie together @iHrithik @deepikapadukone 
James Anderson has more Test wickets in Asia than 278 of the 298 Asian Test seamers
What the hell is wrong with the subtle asians? 6/7ths of the people reacting  asian american and australian men AND women are expressing sympathy with this post. 
In Afro-Asian Writers Meet, Shivshankar PIllai of India proposed that India, Pak, Bangladesh representatives issue a joint declaration that we 3 nations share same culture, history, and literary traditions irrespective of borders. Faiz Ahmed Faiz refused saying we are different.  …
“You see, not every asian boy is a member of BTS. I actually stan many kpop groups. The pic in my phone case is Seungmin, a member of stray kids. My lock screen is Youngmin, a member of Ab6ix. Right now, I’m listening to a six member group called Oneus” 
Asim Riaz Achievement :- - Biggest Fandom - Done - 24th Asian Ranking - Done - 4th T.v. Ranking - Done - Biggest Trend 6 Millions - Done - Next plan - Wining The Bigg Boss 13 #ViewersChoiceAsim
Martin Nguyen ROCKED Koyomi Matsushima in his last ONE Featherweight World Title defense! Who’s next for “The Situ-Asian?” @MartinNguyenMMA #WeAreONE 
A most necessary New Year's resolution: support Brown Asian indie publishers and artists!  2020 with a copy of The Brown Orient journal's fourth issue.  …
Reminder that this photoshoot made Kelly Marie Tran the first Asian woman to be on a Vanity Fair cover.  …
josh made it to the 50 semfinalists of 100 Asian Heartthrobs of 2020. to vote, just like the picture. ask your ig friends to like it also. link:  … #ALABSB19Live #PUSHAwardsATIN 
I've rewatched this part of STV no less than a hundred times at this point and Siwon's smile after breaking those boards still got me Asian Hulk really went o₍•͈ᴗ•͈₎o ʰʸᵘⁿᵍ ᶦ ᵇʳᵒᵏᵉ ᵗʰᵒˢᵉ 
"His [ @andrewyang] technocratic populism attracts podcast listeners, tech-industry venture capitalists, libertarians, Trump supporters, proud Asian-Americans, and white men who feel they have been unfairly blamed for the perpetuation of inequality."  …
When you live beside an older Asian lady who loves taking care of people and cooks you up a feast. 
trying to explain to non kpop stans why you would sell your kidney for a dumb photocard of some asian boys  …
Asian women are so damn fine
“aiya” is a phrase a lot of East Asian people use as a sort of exclamation, like in a sense of dismay or surprise? Like if I drop something I’ll go “aiya” or if someone tells me “my boyfriend ran over my cat with his hover board again” I would say “aiya pls break up with him”  …
small local Asian donut shops >>>  …
i will not hesitate to offer my womb for the english translation of all mxtx novels like fuck them kids, i need my queer asian texts. they are MY children. i care for them.
Robert Kraft headed on his private jet to exploit young Asian girls at a Fort Lauderdale rub and tug. Brady headed home to make out with his children. Belichick, I can only assume, headed to his Martha’s Vineyard estate to hunt Syrian refugees for sport. You hate to see it!
I’m from New England. Watching the Pats play, which I never do...why am I upset they are losing? #NewEnglandPatriots Brady is a trump fan Belichick is a trump fan Kraft is a trump fan (getting hand jobs from trafficked Asian immigrants at cheap massage parlors)
the theme for the met gala the year rihanna wore that dress (which was designed by an asian woman btw) was china: through the looking glass. you're 20 years old and the first thing that came to mind when finding something to insult me was my ethnicity. grow tf up  …
Bandwagon is an Asian music website, focusing on what’s hot in Singapore, Hong Kong, Manila, Taiwan, Jakarta. It is @SB19Official ‘s 1st time to be featured in their site. #ALABSB19Live #PUSHAwardsATIN  …
Actually, probably all the toys are made in China or India, so they're all asian.
Then suddenly Oot brightened up. "Oh!" he said excited that he understood. "They're singing their culture's version of the song!" I realized to explain the humor, I'd have to explain how some people think Asian accents, food, clothes, and culture are silly and inappropriate.
m spilling her name she’s ARCI MUÑOZ from philippines, a rich celebrity asian wherein she had attended to every bts events and concerts, bought official merchandises and more. SHE CLAIMED HERSELF AS A SASAENG AND SHE DOESN'T EVEN CARE IF SHE’S ONE 
Does Yang get Asian glow?  …
Asian waffles? Yes/No  …
asian donut shops have been outselling them since the beginning of time
#YesToJULIE Few days into 2020 and already blessed with: GMA Playlist MYX Live! WISHclusive performance AOS 2M+ IG followers Hundred thousand views and streams ...and more! Looking forward to: Asian TV Awards Wish Music Awards Star Awards for Music Village Pipol Choice Awards
#BREAKING | Pakistani TV journalist and editor of South Asian Free Media, @ImtiazAlamSAFMA and his daughter are made hostage by an armed gang of 6 to 7 members that barged into #ImtiazAlam's house and snatched the gun of his security guard. #PressUnderStateAttack #Pakistan
VIDEO: Like every year, the caretakers of one of Berlin's zoos give unsold Christmas trees to Asian elephants, dromedaries and porcupines: a feast for some and an unexpected distraction for the others. 
Just got back from a meal at a friends. He told for the first time in years he'd been victim of racial abuse. Guy in a bar called him a terrorist. Why he asked? "Cuz you're Asian". His response "well you're old, white & look weird. You must be a fuckin phaedophile" The UK today
An Asian Brown Flycatcher in a shadier part of #SuanRotFai, Bangkok. It pays off to hang out in the shadier parts.... @Avibase  
Patiently waiting for him to address the Asian Nike Factories.
at this asian buffet restaurant w the bf and just remembering how every year for CNY my high school principal would treat every asian at my school to a big dinner here and if an asian was dating a non-asian they  too
Brown dudes after joining their college’s local south Asian club  …
There’s always this social stigma where in southeast asian culture where the parents don’t give a ABSOLUTE fuck about their Kids mentality nor their emotion I hate that shit. It makes them unapproachable and more secluded to themselves. CHANGE IS NEEDED
SAN FRANCISCO! Asian AF returns to @SFSketchfest on 1/11-12 for two headlining shows! with special guests @jrdeguzm @KeikoAgena @eugcordero @jestom @Jiavani @ladybeewhy @PallaviGunalan @FilipinoAFshow #SouthAsianAF #GaysianAF & many more! BUY TICKETS:  
All of my friends used to tease me for being a white-washed asian when I started using Peloton and now I have a membership at a rock climbing gym I really have no excuse now
In addition to all those  already, these were helpful to me when I was writing my thesis a few years ago: @SangayMishra's "Desis Divided" Monisha Das Gupta's "Unruly Immigrants" Lavina Dhingra and Rajini Srikanth's "A part, yet apart: South Asians in Asian America"
When you’re out of bathroom tissue and you forget until you’re at the huge Asian grocery store. 
Read like my secret escapes to the  Mall food court. But until the Pearl gets a Vans store that feeds into a half-ass 20 minute Asian massage for $18, I’m not buying it.
This is  self-funded independent project set in Tokyo because that’s where I’m doing an artist residency. If people want me to make movies in other Asian countries then by all means throw me the money. Otherwise please withhold the snark.
im asian mix so call this pussy BENIHANA #LOONA
Bread Bread with butter Garlic bread All Italian All Mexican Sushi Asian dumplings Yakisoba noodles Every kind of potatoes Gravy Steak Cheese Bagels Biscuits & gravy Chicken & dumplings Cheeseburgers Southern Barbecue Cake, esp Tres leches Thanks Alexis. Now I’m starving. Lol
Buy link for my historical fiction on the Mongols. 'Total and instant immersion...  and powerful.' - Asian Review of Books 
My husband is half Asian and I just burned the shit out of rice. His mom will be showing up any minute to show me how to cook for her son
"the opposite of Donald Trump is an Asian man who likes math" I was thinking about voting for @AndrewYang but after this video, I know I'm going to 100%, especially after he said he wanted to help veterans with their  …
why is that multiple edgy / alt straight asian boys have told me they  being friends with asian girls but they don’t see them as romantic partners. yea bro... that’s sum internalised shit work it out
I wanna eat noodles with chopstick. This kinda hangover making me feel Asian
white men love telling me their ex was asian when i ask them if they tried kinds of asian food
I know it’s ~normal or whatever but it still blows my mind when I’m the only POC or Asian person in a relatively crowded place. [Sent from a Jewish deli in Connecticut. (But still.)]
2020: cool pope slaps an asian lady. wwiii is trending. australia is burning and all of its animals are dying. is also 4 days old. 
do asian parents eventually approve of you??? orrrr do i just  an adult with a dissapointed mom???
Manatees, dragons, tigers, oh my! We're seeing real and mythical creatures around every turn at the @Centralflzoo's Asian Lantern Festival: Into the Wild. See more than 30 illuminated sculptures now through Jan. 12. @DoOrlandoNorth #LoveFL IG: 
Bad lil asian vibe 
£25-£100 Over 4.5 First half Asian corners in the Sao Bento U20 game @2.000 £25.00 returns £50.00
Us 'targeting' 52 #Asian country sites if national capital attacks 
Join us now at the Journal of Asian Economics 30 Year Anniversary Reception at the @ASSAMeeting!⟶  Visit our reception and learn more about our journal ⟶  
