Just as a reminder: There is no 'Right Way' to draw an East Asian character, this thread is just a thought exercise. But if you have an ensemble cast of 50 and only one of them is East Asian, you better do them justice
I’m old enough to note roughly every 7-10 years there’s some virus scare that media pins on E Asian (specifically Chinese) people. Let’s see, I remember Bird Flu, SARS, Swine Flu and now Coronavirus. It just seems weirdly set up to coincide with rising hostility against China...
Here is another face study-- this time Sandra Oh (Check out her profile) With so many beautiful actors/models to reference, there are so many different ways to draw an east asian character while still having them reflect their ethnicity 
Late to this Discourse because I have Leftist Asian Twitter muted, but this is a reach and I want to scream. Western imperialism and East Asian privilege are not mutually exclusive omg 
Let’s widen the gap and get Worldwide IT Boy on the finals of “100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020”. Vote below! @BTS_twt #JUNGKOOK #JK  …
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be hispanic its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be gay its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it is never ok to be an Astros fan
A 16-year-old Asian student in LA was sent to the emergency room after being assaulted and bullied over #coronavirus-related racism:  
SHINee  the first Asian act to perform at Abbey Road Studios in London, England to promote  their debut in Japan. 
UK govt suppressing studies showing that the UK will gain little from post-Brexit trade deals with US & big Asian economies. Boris Johnson's Canada-style EU deal will squeeze the UK economy by £130bn. Millionaire ministers will be OK. People will suffer.  …
EXCL: Govt has concealed analyses of the value of US & Asian deals....I wonder why that is?  …
Bernie ahead in Texas? Who cares! Texas isn’t a swing state! It’s not even white any more! (Census Bur: 57% of Texas is now Latino, Black, Asian, Native American). Why would the Dems think they’d have any chance winning Texas?! And why pick the most electable one?! From Vermont!
This is OUTRAGEOUS. Let me be perfectly clear: there WILL be consequences for anyone caught taking part in this kind of cruel racial profiling. To our Asian  your city has your back and this discrimination will NOT be tolerated.  …
Asian food>>Hispanic food>>Middle Eastern food>>African food>>Oriental food>>Caribbean food>>European food
This Asian calf figured out how to feed himself! Our Global Health Program vets are collaborating with @vetintl & the Elephant Transit Home in Udawalawe, Sri Lanka to improve the health of the 70+ orphaned calves living there to release them back to the wild. 
: Jamaican-British anti-discrimination campaigner, women’s & squatter’s rights activist, Olive Morris (right) with friend Lia Obi. Morris was a leading member of the Brixton Black Women’s Group, Organisation of African & Asian Descent Group & the British Black Panthers. 
The Global Women's Forum? I wonder will her speech mention the Asian women who work in sweatshops making her plagiarized, clothing and shoe lines and who are more likely to suffer from oppressive hours, slave wages and dangerous working conditions than the average US worker?
it’s almost as if american films are always in  …
You have my singular and undivided attention. You sent my son home on the day they were passing valentines around in class and he came home in tears... because your predudices made you think my Asian child had the corona virus. I hope you feel the vibrations of my rage.
My wife is Asian, my kids are half. My youngest was sent home on Valentine’s Day because he was coughing a little too much (he just got over the Flu and had a doctors note that he was good to go). A particular lady in the school office is the one that made the decision and..
#ReasonsToSupportBoP It’s a film directed by an Asian woman. Written by an Asian woman. With an Asian cinematographer. Starring all women, one Black, one Latina, one Asian. With multiple Queer characters. THERE YOU GO. 
So at this very moment, there are five Asian hockey players right? Matt Dumba, Nick Suzuki, Nazem Kadri, Jujhar Khaira, and Jason Robertson. I’m not missing anyone am I?
if you told me two years ago my life would be ruled by Asian men with mullets I would have laughed in your face
Specific features to consider with East Asian Characters **THESE ARE NOT TRUE OF ALL EAST ASIANS--JUST COMMON IN MANY** Paying attention to these details may help 'sell' an East Asian character - flatter back of the head - large detached earlobes - thick dense hair with volume
The Asian American Journalists Association asks the media to be mindful of photos, context and word choice surrounding coronavirus. "AAJA warns against blanket use of Chinatown images that reinforce stereotypes and create a sense of 'otherness.'" 
(See thread). I'm a Vietnamese person who lived in Norway for several years before moving to the UK, but I love British, Russian, and American literature, listen to jazz, and the Asian films I watch are mainly Japanese and South Korean, sometimes Chinese. Should I feel bad?  …
Chinese colonization in SE Asian countries is also a thing. When I visited Laos, many Hmong and other indigenous villages were bulldozed over for Chinese railway and rubber plant construction:  …
Asian Parents + pics of their kids + whatsapp = what a fucking 
UPDATE: My Asian mail order bride said she is a Size D-Cup. Can someone tell me what she is talking about?
We are concerned by reports of anti-Semitic and anti-Asian incidents at @Columbia and are in contact with our partners on campus. We have to work together to make sure Columbia University is 
Stop using fallacious arguments to prove your point. It’s not as if there is no SE Asian erasure, gentrification and colonialism by East Asians themselves. Japan revises their history of war crimes, there  women in the PH. China is fucking with PH sovereignty. STFU  …
TLC Comm. Aloysee Heredia Jarmoszuk: Not in our city. Fare refusal is illegal—we won’t stand for discrimination against our Asian  Fear is the enemy, not our neighbors. Report refusals immediately to @nyc311 and we will take  …
first female CBM ensemble. first Asian director. women aren't sexualised, but promoted to help each other. badass. the fight scenes are next level and reflect every characters personalities. a movie designed to allow POC and WOC a chance in the industry 
Just watched Donizetti’s L'Elisir d'Amore at the Venice opera house where the main antagonist was played by an Asian man. First time I’ve ever seen any Asian person cast as any character in any opera, ever.
Racism, fear & hatred against people of Asian descent are spiking across the world as we grapple with the Coronavirus. Please be vigilant and make sure everyone in  is safe and free from harm.  …
Hi little pups and sluts! I already 1 pup , so how about I get another that $ends ? $end something to you Goddess & say "Thank you." cause it's your pleasure to serve me . { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm Asian} 
Dude, pls don’t be offended, but that’s a faulty analogy. At the end of the day NOBODY is bad as trump. NOBODY. I think the vast majority of non-Republican voters—black, white, brown, Asian, Indigenous—are smart enough to realize that.
Delighted to announce I was asked to show ID to buy @Petalstomp’s wine tonight. I would like to thank the Republic of Indonesia for my Asian genes, my facialist @PfefferSal, and obviously my enormously stress-free lifestyle
This been the finest Asian bitch on Twitter for like 4 years now lmao  …
I got word last evening that my proposed panel, "Envisioning Temporality in South Asian Studies : Anticolonial Past, Resistant Present and Radical Futures" is the South Asian Studies Literary Association(SALA) nominated *GUARANTEED MLA PANEL* for MLA 2021. A Thread.
Who came out to support the second amendment today: Black White Women Men Children Asian Native American Hispanic Gay Trans Straight Freedom is for everyone.
asian market hauls are always as follows white person who googled a recipe: woodear mushrooms, leek, shaoxing, fresh noodles american born chinese: instant milk tea, frozen dumplings, hichew chinese grandma: 17 pickled mustard packets and 2 pounds of green onion
Most loved Contestant World Record of 15M+ 24th sexiest Asian Nd 4th TV personality 2019 Supported By the Grt @JohnCena 1.4M+ Insta Family Won biggest poll on Twitter of 195k+ votes n many other polls biggest Fandom without any PR In jst 4months #MyWinnerAsim @imrealasim
Last Sunday, Academy celebrated ‘Diversity & Inclusion’ when an Asian film, Parasite, won the 4 biggest honors of the night and today, Filmfare celebrated ‘Nepotism & Sycophancy’ by making a nepo kid win in a category where she should not have been nominated at the first place.
#AsimSquad Humne ye journey dekhi nhi balki @imrealasim ke sath jeeyi hai. He lost trophy but He won john Cena. 6M Tweets 1st fastest tweeted person of the Year 24 sexiest asian man in World 4 TV personality Asia 15M ka world Record Aren't this bigger than trophy? #MyWinnerAsim
U know what Asim got two shout-outs from John Cena, a song made about him by @roachkilla1 , a shout-out from Bohemia, 24th sexiest Asian man alive , 4th best TV personality Sidharth got undying support from ping pong pindu I'm happy #MyWinnerAsim
Saw my first IRL #MAGA hat wearing person last night. He was Asian and we were in a Chinese restaurant eating with our respective families. Prior to joining #YangGang I would’ve probably been filled with anger/hate/disgust, instead I just wanted to go #Yang him. #HumanityFirst
Ghauris/Mughals/Ghaznavis were not Turks but Central Asian Turkics who, according to some accounts, originated from Mangolia/Northern China. They had little to do with Turkish Empires, and came from present day Tajikistan, Uzbekistan and Afghanistan. Ghauris were of Tajik origin
Sorry I’n the headline to this tweet I used the same term the police used to identify the attackers as Asian so just to be clear and obvious; it’s the Type of Asians that don’t integrate or accept our culture, and into every scam going.
Getting a bunch of Asian folx to wear masks everywhere would be a great way to stress test a facial recognition program. 
yall worried abt me dating an asian dude when theres literally sasaeng out there touching and grabbing idols without their permission and stalking them..yikes worry abt those ppl first my guy i jst be vibin to some ateez with my bf chill
In 1923, while America was entrenched in Jim Crow racism—the nation’s oldest Mosque (Al Sadiq Mosque) hosted Black, White, Latino, & Asian women & men as equal human beings before God Almighty. “All men are created equal” wasn’t lip service—it was practiced. 
Elizabeth Warren announces plan to help  diverse Asian  
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be hispanic its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be gay its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it is never ok to like ogmaxb
If it's a black person, just say 'black'. If it's an Asian person, just say 'Asian'. Etc. 'POC' is asinine.
for me usually it’s “another asian girl but uglier”
But also the author had to FIGHT for an asian lead because they were going to make the whole family WHITE.
Kids take advantage of puma by sitting in private Asian parks boosting with 2-4  why they take it away
I think its using clearer language to say "Japan colonized korea" or "korea was involved in the Vietnam war  war crimes" than to just say "east Asian priviledge" and call it a day when tbh I'm pretty sure that obfuscates power dynamics that rule the convo
I don't think it's a denial that those countries have enacted violence to SE Asian countries, but that framework doesn't adequately address violence that say, Japan did to Korea, by colonizing the country and attempting cultural genocide
[2nd Battle Round] 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Kim Taehyung VS Xiao Zhan Please vote for Kim Taehyung on this battle round!!! Link:  …
"East asian" is not a coherent class, if that's the right word. Anyone who has ever given a cursory look at the history of china/ korea/ japan knows they should not be grouped together tbh
Don't forget to support our #V in this It's unlimited 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Kim Taehyung vs Xiao Zhan 
Tiny brain: The GFC was caused by greedy bankers Normal brain: The GFC was caused by black homeowners Mega brain: The GFC was caused by low interest rates and poor macroprudential regulation GALAXY BRAIN: The GFC was caused by a shortage of safe USD assets after the Asian crisis  …
One Asian country that really excites me is Bangladesh. They’ve had one of Asia’s most solid growth runs in the 21st century so far. They seem to be diversifying (from textile manufacturering) & they probably have one of the world’s hardest working labour forces.
Listening to three wonderful AKA ⁦ @CUNY⁩ college leaders ⁦ @gggrace07⁩ ⁦ @Dr_BJEanes⁩ ⁦ @JohnJayPres⁩ with the Chair of the Black, Puerto Rican and Asian Caucus Assemblywoman ⁦⁦ @tremaine4ny⁩ mentoring the next generation of female college  – at Empire State Plaza Convention Center
Celebrating Chinatown and immigrants, and fighting anti-Asian racism at the #dimsummit. #togetherwewin #getsomedimsum @wutrain @AnnissaForBos @nina_liang 
Over 4.0 Asian FH Corners @1.75 Over 10.5 Asian FT Corners @1.95 Both teams to score a goal @1.70
Our ICS BEST OF THE DECADE list is approaching the top! The 30-21 batch is a classy, Euro-heavy selection with some of the most memorable Asian films of recent years sprinkled in. It's also the end of the road for ICS Awards winners Parasite and Pain & Glory. Only 20 more to go! 
Growing up in america for Asian diaspora society teaches us to assimilate. - reject your language - reject your food - hate your parents - asia = backwards -  Think back to your childhood & you may have a more clearer picture of who you are as an adult now
EARNEST TWEET: >> It’s been a really meaningful experience to cover @AndrewYang — one of just a handful of AAPIs to ever make a serious run for president — as an Asian American myself. Thanks to @adeelnyt for giving me space to reflect on  …
An 80s rising vocalist A 90s Pop Asian Superstar A 00s Premier Filipina Chanteuse A 10s Solid Vocal Legend and the 2020s IMMACULATE VOCAL BLUEPRINT No other girls can surpass the long lasting career that Regine Velasquez built. An empire made of hardwork and talent.  …
A 16-year-old Asian student in Los Angeles County was sent to the emergency room after being assaulted over unfounded fears of the coronavirus outbreak  …
“Asian” gang attack....We believe the offenders are all around 16-17 years old, Asian “This was a large group of people and would likely have caused some disturbance...Teenager bottled and girlfriend attacked by gang of teens in Ward End - Birmingham Live  …
if u talk like this in an asian family lmao you're sleeping in the streets for the next month  …
Asian Mums Putting Valentines flowers in the water jug
In a viral photo, an Asian tourist was caught relieving himself on a historical landmark in Intramuros, Manila. While the manhunt has been launched, authorities have been cautious that the said incident won't be used as an anti-Chinese propaganda. #OnTheMoney 
Western Values should definitely be rebranded as Universal Values. It would be a forceful argument against the Lee Kuan Yews of the world who say that Asians must follow Asian Values; like as though liberty, freedom, and democracy are somehow anathema to non-Westerners.  …
Hello, David! My name is Christian, I am an undergraduate Biology Major student at the University of Puerto Rico at Cayey. Adopted by Puerto Ricans and as a gay asian, I am proud to research in BioInformatics for future use of Phage-Therapy as an alternative to antibiotics. 
This teenager had to have an MRI to see if he had a concussion after being attacked for being Asian-American. Ignorance about #coronavirus is to blame for this act of bigoted  …
Since words work, I declare 2020 as the year of Nadine Lustre - the year she triumphs over her legal & personal battles, the year where she acts and does film freely without threats hanging over her head. Never Not Love You Copenhagen Asian Film Festival  …
Night market with Kim! I met her parents- on our second date! Absolute super Asian power move Of course my first instinct was to deny everything, drop her hand, stammer about "good friends" and look for an escape opportunity Then it's like OH SHIT THEY KNOW! So weird 
Do we ever pause to consider why East Asian Americans are stereotyped as doctors while Filipino Americans are stereotyped as nurses? It is much, much easier to  a doctor if  from a privileged background. It's not impossible if you don't, but harder
mike hanlon - this style is basically the asian hypebeast but a little less flashy - a hat is a MUST - ok but imagine mike with an earring... yooooooooo 
A toe to toe slugfest breaks out in the 2nd in Manila and Kimura ends it! Japan's Sho Kimura (木村翔 19-3-2, 12 KO's) TKO-2 Merlito Sabillo (27-8-1) to claim the Asian Boxing Federation flyweight title Philippines GAB 
VOTA POR JUNGKOOK 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Jungkook vs Peck Palitchoke | Starmometer #KCA #VoteBTS  …
Well yeah, the song was intended as a criticism of Korean consumerism then mutated into 'haha, funny asian man do horse dance' once the West got a hold of it
ATEEZ's first ever performance at Mnet Asian Music Awards just reached 4M+ views! It is the 1st and currently the only 2019 MAMA performance by a Rookie boy group to reach this mark #ATEEZ 
Me: My foot hurts Asian parents: It's cos you're always on that phone  …
some enthnocultural meta on chosen names in tiefling culture, from the perspective a nonbinary asian (hearing from other trans/nonbinary asians w chosen/courtesy names and no deadnames has been validating, to say the least)  …
Dele Alli when he spots an Asian man coughing 
"What it's like to never ever see yourself on TV." Author Charles Yu on growing up Asian in America 
As  timings with that of Usain Bolt, a bit of background: Only 6 Asian sprinters of Asian origin have run below 10.0 (Two Asians of Nigerian origin, too). Not till 1998 did an Asian clock 10.00 flat (Koji Ito of Japan). Fifty Asians have so far clocked below 10.20s.
Try my 𝟏𝟎 𝐌𝐢𝐧𝐮𝐭𝐞 𝐒𝐭𝐢𝐫 𝐅𝐫𝐢𝐞𝐝 𝐂𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐞𝐬𝐞 𝐄𝐠𝐠 𝐍𝐨𝐨𝐝𝐥𝐞𝐬 with vegetables in oyster sauce! The perfect quick & easy Asian dinner. Yum! 𝐑𝐞𝐜𝐢𝐩𝐞 >>  … #belgianfoodie #belgianblogger #belgianfoodblogger 
Just tired of seeing big  with prominent illustrators with asian main characters that look white and you only find out they are full east asian 5 issues later when they make some kind of "Do you hate me because I'm Asian???" Remark
East Asian Eyes starter pack - Profiles Don't feel limited to this, just helping if you're stuck and just can't get it to look right 
Hey all, here's an East Asian Eyes starter pack There are more eyes out there, this is just a jumping off point if you need it 
Hello loves! Let's share our love and support for our very own best actress, Nadine Lustre and to Team Ulan as the film will be one of the 28 films that will be shown tonight at the first Copenhagen Asian Film Festival! Tweet with us with the hashtag: 
At Asian Flavours Restaurant, Colombo for Authentic Singaporean Chicken Rice and Laksa the incredible soup More Details: Call 0766388788 or 0112 599569 Address: No 4, Bullers Lane, Colombo 7 
It’s relentless!!! ( Pakistani Muslim child rapists )More 'Asian' Grooming Gang Abusers Sentenced in Oxford, England  …
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 – Level One Wildcard: Cha Eun Woo vs Nadech Kugimiya 
Nadine Aura and looks conquer Asian's She's really Asian Superstar 
he really made it to 17 on worldwide trend, Southeast Asian King indeed 
Please vote for Jungkook in the first battle round of 100 Asian Heartthrobs. #Jungkook #BTSARMY #BestFanArmy #iHeartAwards  …
A 16-year-old boy in California's San Fernando Valley was physically attacked this week by bullies in his high school who accused him of having the coronavirus — simply because he is Asian American  
Brilliant match by @lakshya_sen to beat world no. 7 & Asian Games gold medallist Jonathan Christie of INA 21-18, 22-20. Biggest scalp of his career. A new journey starts now as the world takes notice. Great job @BAI_Media @Media_SAI #PPBA. So proud to support u Lakshya @OGQ_India
Hello Twitter friends, I have heard of best foot forward but if you have a bushy tail, as with this Asian Squirrel from Thailand, you can use that as well! 
News Flash: Badminton Asia Team Championships: Teen sensation Lakshya Sen upsets former World No. 4 & reigning Asian Games Champion Jonatan Christie 21-18, 22-20 in ongoing Semis tie against Indonesia. Tie score: 1-1 with 2 Doubles matches & 1 Singles match to go. 
'Boy refused medical help by Heathrow border staff' “This is how they treated us, an ‘Asian EU’ family” Polish wife & she is the stepmother, something about this? How much did she get paid, so he could get married & claim a life here?  …
Sun Tzu was a military general. A very important figure in the Asian history. Life can sometimes be tough. Same as war. His principles on war, life and love have helped armies win battles and people manage their lives. Here are few of my favorites: [A THREAD] 
"whats the animal that keeps apologizing?? oh sorry~~~~~ (o-so-ri =asian badger)" all the animal jokes are all here 
The difference ! Pic 1 : #Dhoni in Asian ground Pic 2 : #Dhoni in overseas ground  
going through Facebook and someone in subtle asian traits posted about how they randomly met Jungwoo and Taeyong..... how do people get so lucky 
I'm still mad about this stupid fucking tweet saying the SE Asians shouldn't discuss East Asian privilege because China suffers from Western violence. Fuck you.  …
East Asian expert, Gordon Chang Bloomberg’s shady ties to China make him unfit to be president. 
Except Tajiks, entire central asian region belongs to the people of Turkic origin but that doesn’t mean Turkey or the Ottomans. Mughals tilted more towards Farsi than Turkish language. There is no point to justify the goofy rants of Imran Khan who babbles first and thinks later.
Workers have no country and so as poor people. There's always an east asian, a southeast asian being exploited and oppressed in their nations. Maybe we should all cut this crap and know the real enemy.  …
just a reminder that it's not funny to add "-eu" after english words to imitate korean or generally any east asian pronunciation of them. even if you're joking, just don't joke about it <3
Sweetest old Asian couple I served tonight paid up, and before they walked out, the Mrs. came up to me and with broken English and the sweetest smile said “thank you for service. Happy Valentine’s Day. Big smile!!” and put $20 in my hand
Rest In Power our dearest friend Kimi, who’ve helped not just us with pressing our tapes & CDs, but practically almost everyone in the Malaysian & even South East Asian scene with everything related to physical releases. Sleep in peace brother. Al-Fatihah. 
my sister was scrolling subtle asian traits and saw this im screaming 
I just finished talking about this on the show tonight. Brokered convention is all but guaranteed at this point. That's why I kept harping on securing the Black vote. Now an Asian, Black, LatinX coalition can shift the balance of power by making the DNC center a UBI platform.
tebak, yang bakal announce woodz ke indo asian sound syndicate apa hitc?
With ⁦ @CUNY⁩ friends Senator ⁦ @RJackson_NYC⁩ and Assemblyman ⁦ @assemblymanalt1⁩ at the NYS Black, Puerto Rican, Hispanic, and Asian Caucus Conference joined by Senior Vice Chancellor ⁦ @gggrace07⁩. #CUNYImpact 
It’s a weird experience reading  where you know a character is East Asian, and that’s supposed to be important to their character... ... but their eyes are never drawn right???
This conversation is tired out. Deportations of SEA folks have increased almost 280%. This is a direct consequence of U.S imperialism, war, poverty & mass incarceration that disproportionately affects SEA ppl. It’s an undeniable fact that East Asian networks are more powerful.  …
I Spy With My Little Eye... the silhouette of the Asian guy. Tied with the white woman on his right & ahead of the other 3 white People. How many of us are still @AndrewYang Let’s follow Nevada show we aren’t going away!! #YangGang #StillVotingYang
Interesting discussion with a professor today about Asian identity in film vs music (Parasite & BTS) in the West. She mentioned how film provides greater context, and when that context is poverty, the transition is less jarring. But when it's pop stardom? Totally new concept.
DO NOT SHOOT WITH IVAN . I repeat to my ASIAN GIRLS out there. He has yellow fever and has harassed me and my friends. I cried so much afterwards because Tiff confronted him and he just said he was being professional lol. His definition of professional means
#ABC_challenge Day 30 (yasss  the challenge) Fruit juice from Singapore (I visited 3 other Southeast Asian countries but not SG - Anyone can tell me if u like visiting SG?) #AnywherebutChina Feel free to join the 
Asian girls be like meet my boyfriend!! 
GOT7 Voting Checklist Idols Born in 1994  … JTMA K-POP Artist of the Year  … JTMA Social Superstar  … 100 Asian Heartthrobs  … Ten Asia  #GOT7 
Blue bull couple st Sariska celebrating Valentine’s Day The strength & beauty of the largest Asian Antelope is a treat to the eye. 
It’s  extremely routine for “Asian activists” who preach “Asian solidarity” to show their true colors  turn their backs to SE Asians. So disappointing.
Noooo girl, speaking as an east asian we definitely have privilege and you need to recognize that. There’s division amongst most ethnic groups and to dismiss that is to invalidate the experiences of our south east asian brothers and sisters
- not limited to traditional campaign trail. Given the likelihood of a brokered convention this primary,  for delegates the traditional way? We played with the big boys in Iowa. Compete for popular support. Do Black, Latino and Asian town hall series.
In Korea and elsewhere, a new crop of Asian filmmakers is working hard to ensure that “Parasite” isn’t just a momentary bout of glory but the start of a new global era 
Praying for a solo Liza starrer--outside of the romance genre,  zone-- expanding and deepening her craft on her way to  one of Ph, even Asian great actressses. Take a deliberate risk. Dreaming big for you  …
Congratulations, we are now officially a Central Asian nation! (Actually this is unfair — several of the -stans have positive things happening) But seriously. Is he going to shoot maga hats out of cannons too? 
In recent days, China’s Foreign Ministry has summoned diplomats from a number of Asian and Western countries  about their governments halting flights and issuing warnings against travel to China in response to the coronavirus. 
in re: *all Asians* are impacted by imperialism equally so we should ignore histories of East Asian occupation in SEA  …
FALSE RUMOR ALERT! #Coronavirus fears continue to hurt Asian businesses. The property owner of 99 Ranch Market/ Great Wall shopping center in #Kent says false rumors on social media have tanked sales for all stores in the plaza. Awful to see. Support these mom & pop  – at Great Wall Shopping Mall
so honored to be on this (very queer!) list of Asian American writing about love <3  
Corona Virus outbreak makes all Asian Kids Gets Sorted into Ravenclaw This video talks about corona virus & racism in a hilarious way, using Hogwarts & Harry Potter as the analogy. Talks about  issue in a simple way. Smart! 
[DAILY REMINDER] Remember to vote for TAEYONG in STARMOMETER’s 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round. TAEYONG is currently in 2nd place but the gap is very small. Voting is unlimited so make sure to vote before the poll closes on February 18th. #NCT127 #TAEYONG @NCTsmtown_127  
Tell me again how #ADOS is a right wing voter suppression group? Tell me why we vote at nearly 90% for dems but we can't leverage that "because trump." #NevadaCaucus Asian Americans are a growing force in Nevada and 'they want to be courted'  …
#yangang “Thus far, Asian American and Pacific Islander voters have not leaned into any single candidate.” WTF #YangMediaBlackout  … #AndrewYang #YangGangForever #YangGangFamily #Yang2024
asian guys w the swoopy hair and glasses be like 
NBC Asian America was the moderator for a historic town hall Thursday that challenged candidates on Asian American and Pacific Islander issues like immigration policy and data disaggregation. 
On this day, 19 years ago, I launched the very first iteration of Angry Asian Man. Thanks for joining me on this journey.  …
Asian parents will litrally lossing their mind when they see this
"Asian-Americans reported a lower likelihood of filling out their census forms than any other demographic group. They are also the least familiar with the census, on average, and the most worried that their information will be used against  …
What do Asian cannibals eat? . . . ...... Raw men
Asian countries are highly underpaid : Master : 8.5 years : Sr. Soft. Engineer : India : $22.5k, NO equity #KnowYourWorth #underpaid
We Indians will never be able to set our eyes on this sublimely beautiful Vishnu murti from the 13th century Hoysala dynasty since it’s owned by the Asian Art Museum of San Francisco but it’s NOT EVEN ON DISPLAY Please get this back to India @PMOIndia @DrSJaishankar 
Wow, @RoundRockISD. FYI, #Coronavirus is not caused by being Asian or Chinese. Would RRISD find the need to “disinfect” after a non-Asian festival? Stand with your #AAPI families against unfounded 
. @becca4TX121 is a @MomsDemand volunteer, a San Antonio organizer, and the only Asian-American woman Democrat running for a seat in the Texas House.  …
This is how white ppl sound when they say they’re tired of talking a/b “white privilege” (we can talk a/b the quotation marks another time) & try to generalize that we all suffer. What are y’all tired of? East Asian ppl shouldn’t be evading discourse. Or history.  …
(1) “Women” and “trans women” are not separate categories. “Trans” is an adjective denoting one kind of woman. You wouldn’t say “women and brunette women” or “women and Asian women.” Separating them out is invalidating.
The Asian American Journalists Association asks the media to be mindful of photos, context and word choice surrounding coronavirus. "AAJA warns against blanket use of Chinatown images that reinforce stereotypes and create a sense of 'otherness.'" 
character designers letting you know a girl is asian 
That statement about SE Asians being racist to China when China is literally the imperialistic power in the region trying to make a grab for SE Asian land and marine rights..............
Good work by Lauren @EasternEye for providing discussion around solutions to the ethnicity gap. Opportunity to plug @FA Asian Women in Football National working party supported by Rachel Pavlou @daldarroch & co 
cishet guys literally can't design an asian female character without giving her dyed hair or a qipao
it is possible to accept that East Asian privilege exists (because it UNDENIABLY does) and still have conversations about how western imperialism has fucked us all in both similar and unique ways. The two are not mutually exclusive.
This article on Asian Americans and the census is really important.  … As a group, we are often underrepresented, overlooked, and left out of the conversation. We, too, are America.
The level of discrimination towards (perceived) Chinese and Asian-Americans on the subway is absolutely appalling. People covering their face. Walking to the other side. Not giving space to sit down. Don’t ever let NYC ever convince you it’s “post racial”.
As a 22yo, I’m a Monty Python fan. But I can separate my love for them and their timeless content, from their Yikes content and some of their members’ opinions. Their influence is immeasurable, but like a sketch that makes fun of “the Asian accent” is just not funny
" - - - the only time"? Why didn't you speak out against the mass rape of British girls by "Asian" men - - and I don't mean Japanese or Singaporeans? Hypocritical, brainless and disingenuous.  …
Perhaps he’s forgotten Clinton got 88% of black women, 65% of Hispanic women and 65% of Asian women - which is a problem as he tries to reach out to minorities and suburban women.  …
Context is that C is the only yt and has us always changing stuff to suit her needs and the rest of us are asian S is a med student I usually don’t care n stay out of it but who do u think is right and what should we do. 
Asian people with white partners have proven once again they should not be allowed on the internet. 
If East Asian privilege doesn’t exist, then why is it that out of the Asian farmer workers in plantation era Hawaii (Chinese, Japanese, Filipino), Chinese and Japanese are at the top of the Hawaii’s socioeconomic ladder now while Filipinos remain at the bottom  …
me chinese, me really fkn tired of your coronavirus-related racism. asian people do not inherently have it but we do all look really fire in the face masks bc hypebeast culture
The coronavirus and the long history of blaming ‘the other’ in public health crises. Asian Americans are still seen as “forever foreigners,” no matter how long they’ve lived in this country. So true. Can't count how often I get asked where I'm from.  …
In San Fernando Valley, a middle school student was bullied, physically attacked and accused of having the coronavirus. Because he was Asian. 
I was grabbing steaks and a old asian lady presented me with a heart shaped slab of steak and said "good luck" and walked away
I asked someone to take pics on my phone & a lil old Asian lady came up and started taking pics on her phone & I LOVE them 
Random outburst of gratitude to the three people who have endorsed my new book, Flavors of the Southeast Asian Grill: Aaron Franklin of @bbqfranklin, @kenjilopezalt, and @meathead. Sometimes this whole writing business can feel so lonely and discouraging. I'm not kidding. 1/2
who is cute asian girl? in math: my solution in history: my queen in art: my canvas in science: my oxygen in geography: my world
This is terrible, but many Asian Americans were bracing for this: Bullies attack Asian American teen at school, accusing him of having coronavirus. He is 16.  … via @CBSNews
Being Chinese- or Asian-American does not make you more likely to carry the #coronavirus. Recent and prolonged travel to impacted areas does. The risk of spread in  is low - and prejudice does not  …
Happy love day! We've curated a list of short stories, essays, and novels by Asian American writers that explore the various ways in which we experience love. Featuring works by Sigrid Nunez, @k_mingchang, @KazimAliPoet, & more!Read them  …
Bullies attack Asian American teen at school, accusing him of having coronavirus  
I hate that part of asian culture where the men eat before the women. Everyone should jus eat at the same damn time on the table
Really just few days before you  Pakistan growth figures with entire Asian nations. You gave ruling for depressed growth in years to follow
5 things in my WIP (OCEANS 11 X THE FAREWELL): fiercely ambitious asian american college kids a premed who just wants to pay for med school museum theft fast cars the grief inherent in diaspora  …
It’s that one hair that almost all Asian kids had at one time during their lives
I noticed that he has done this to other girls before and that needs to be stopped. If he reaches out to you please BLOCK him and warn your other girlfriends that he follows too bc he follows literally every asian girl in Texas
***Just being Asian is not a risk factor for COVID-19 y’all*** That’s backed up by the CDC. I got this email that people are worried about Westwood HS Chinese Culture Festival. The festival is going to happen. XENOPHOBIA IS NOT A GOOD LOOK. 
The 2019 ceremony sees RWA’s first ever Black RITA winners, (Kennedy Ryan, Minx Malone) and the first SE Asian winner (Nisha Sharma). The ceremony glories in romance’s full history; we later learn from Sarah Maclean that staff/the board were fighting every step. [RITA SquadGoals]  …
when people talk farmers markets, i wish they’d talk about ones like the Friday downtown oakland market. yearround, largely lower  asian & latino buyers at latino & asian cert organic farms, buying in volume. wholesale resto pickups exist, but this is  market. 
LJ’s heritage is present but it’s not her struggle, says @JennyHan, who sourced the Covey girls’ hanbok herself in LA’s Ktown. #ToAllTheBoys2 “is not centered on around her Asian American identity but it’s a piece of it— and I think that’s just real life.”  
I'm excited about @ewarren's new plan focusing on our  It's a thoughtful look at a range of issues affecting  Southeast Asian deportations to data disaggregation. Thank you for fighting for all of us, Senator! 
In 2019, our projects on the Asian continent caused a smile on the faces of many people there. 117 projects 940 million USD 
we love a disaggregated Asian American Pacific Islander data candidate  …
I fully agree that some discussions really erase chinese and korean suffering esp. their suffering under US imperialism. but it’s not fiction that they do hold certain privileges as east asian. it’s more than obvious that privilege depends on class, gender, etc.  …
bro if ure asian and u do this, i swear ur literally gon get kicked out of ur house 
No, it’s an ethnicity because you can have Latinxs of different races i.e. Black Latinx, white Latinx, Asian Latinx, etc. It’s more of a sociocultural marker that encapsulates a shared geographical origin. I originally had trouble with the concept because in the U.S., there isn’t  …
Did anyone else notice an increase in Asian themed builds recently or is it just me? I for one, am one happy Asian simmer! Hopefully the devs are paying attention. I'm still holding out for an Asian themed pack. 
#indiedev #indiedevhour #gamedev #dkgame #horror #horrorgames #indiegame #gaming #gamingnews Keeping on pushing on with AKAI NOROI my Asian / Japanese story rich horror folklore title. Add to your wish-list here!  
With the Chinese economy levered up the ying-yang (a technical Asian economic term) yet  shut down, how can this not result in a gigantic yuan devaluation, and what will be Trump's reaction to that?
john ambrose volunteers for the elderly, reads books, plays the piano, knows how to do first aid and is in touch with politics!! and jenny han wants us to believe that an asian girl who has a doctor for a dad would rather go out with a white guy who just looks dopey all the time
Out doing some grocery shopping in Chinatown, with my reusable bag. I want to reassure folks that we haven’t had any coronavirus incidents in New York & we should not discriminate our local Asian American shops. Families depend on revenues from mom-and-pop shops. 
Notice how there is not one Asian, Caucasian, Indian or Colored person of race among those disrupting the class of students (of multiple races) who are trying to study and improve their lives instead of joining the mob in disrupting ( and often vandalising). Why is that?
white people didnt experienced getting hit by a hanger and cleaning broom like what asian moms doing to their children and it SHOWS lmao i cant be this disrespectful in front of my parents like never 
The tidal wave on Asian banks are about to hit us like a brick wall  …
“pit people against each other who have all suffered under western imperialism” is erasing the horrors of east asian imperialism. and is ignoring current events like growing chinese imperialism and their attempts to force it on SEA countries.
“Asian-Americans have been relegated as the sub-minority — that we’re not black, we’re not Hispanic,” said Gene Wu @GeneforTexas, a Democratic state representative from Houston. “For a large part, we’re an  …
We stan Asian Bruce and Latina Selina, say thank you to @MelissadelaCruz 
So thrilled and deeply flattered to receive recognition from the Association for Asian Studies. I really wish I could celebrate with my dearly departed PhD advisor Mary Steedly, who trained me to be a serious student of Southeast Asia. #AAS2020  …
Ambassador of #Cuba to #China @cmphcuba highlights the exemplary response of Cuban personnel to the #coronavirus outbreak in the Asian country and highlights the Chinese government's measures to contain its spread. #CubaConChina #FuerzaChina  
191204 Mnet Asian Music Awards #BTS #방탄소년단 #防彈少年團 #지민 #JIMIN #智旻 @BTS_twt #jhope #제이홉 #호석 #hoseok 
Asian parents forcing food down your throat when you’re not hungry
Asian Americans are highly skeptical of the Census — which is why so many are working to ensure  count. Thanks @jeligon for featuring our data alongside the Austin Complete Count Committee led by Alice Yi and the national efforts by  …
In 1969, a group of young Asian men in #Leicester teamed up with a local gurdwara and formed a #football club. The story of @GNGFCLeicester is part of a new exhibition on grassroots football that opens at Newarke Houses Museum tomorrow (Sat). More here:  
So thankful to  to receive an honorable mention for the Bernard Cohn prize. That a book half about Brazil was recognized validates the broader frames within which I view South Asian history. Also yay for @KarSohini, my @ssrc_org cohort mate, for  …
Bangladesh once written off as a basket case is now being talked about as the next Asian tiger. Their success story is export driven with high social indicators. Note, their policy makers are not fixated on bogus goals like $X trillion economy by Y year.  …
Someone just said Tacha has indian and asian followers on Instagram. Bloody bots. #MercyEkeMyVal
I swear Archie’s in arndale Manchester is like an asian love island
Why Foreign people always bitching about cannot wake up early and cannot read subtitles I mean ... I'm Asian who always that since I'm fan of American wrestling and still doing it
Gurl, please! You’re here off of our backs and the work we’ve done! Whatever black folk decide to do...we’ve done enough for this country! I want to see Latinos, Muslims, Asian’s &every other non-white group out in those streets effecting change instead of just benefiting fr it!
An Asian man at 6% in Texas. This is incredible. We will be ready for Yang in 2024
I am delighted that my @stanfordpress book #FinancializingPoverty has been chosen for the 2020 Bernard S. Cohn Prize for first book on South Asia by the Association for Asian Studies!  …
#WorldSavior_SaintRampalJi Savior of the world is in India ! Savior will take birth in that country in Asian region which has an ocean by its name (Indian Ocean). - Nostradamus shocking Prophecy. Watch Sadhna T.V-7:30pm 
“I love Asian women!”  …
Attended the 37th annual prize distribution ceremony in Jinnah Collg #Peshawar.I am very happy to see such a high caliber of our nation's future.Students will play a pivotal role in remaking Pakistan the Asian Tiger.I urged the students to join hands with the #LocalGovtKP 
Just watched a white woman demand the janitor clean one stall again b/c an Asian woman used it since we “don’t know where she’s been” & I swear I almost punched a bitch
Haitians are the most toxic parents. Almost as worse as Asian parents  …
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Vernon vs Wonwoo 
[Poll] 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Semifinal Battle – Vote Jungkook Unlimited voting. Let's widen the gap to at least 10k like before. We can totally win this  … #Jungkook #JK #정국 
The average Christian in the world today is not male but female, not white but brown, not rich but poor, not N American or European but Asian, African, or S American. She’s never read CT, doesn’t attend TGC, & if you tell her to go home she’s going to keep going to make disciples
I just saw something that said we shouldn’t say East Asian privilege because it is US Centric......do you all realize how pronounced that privilege is in Asia?? In places like Singapore, Hong Kong, etc??
Asian-Americans have reported the lowest likelihood of filling out the census this year. Activists are working frantically to make sure that doesn’t happen because for  the census is about more than counting people. It’s about identity.  …
It's Tame Impala day go ahead and reach out to a kid that cuffs their jeans and tell them Happy Holidays
Asian nations will wake up using TRON based $USDT and you won't even know it. Why? 3 seconds later and with virtually no negligible fee the transaction  MATH. Like @AndrewYang would say. @justinsuntron @MustacheTommy @mishalederman $TRX #TRON 
LOOK: Passengers on the Westerdam cruise ship finally disembark in Cambodia after the ship was turned away from several Asian ports due to #coronavirus fears. They were  by Prime Minister Hun 
Going into today's match the 100T haven't played an official in 71 days. From 2018 to 2019 they had a 46 day break from EPLS8 to Katowice Asian minor. They won 9 "series" straight throughout the early stages of the minor/major. No 'warmup' games at #BLASTPremier however
Latin-American History, African-American History, Native-American History, and Asian-American History are not taught in the states.
[ #ASSvol2] Let me hear your voice, AOMG and H1gher Music stans! Your favourite K-Hip Hop artists  to town in the  Asian Sound Syndicate Vol. 2!!! Stay tuned for more details! Brought to you by @StellareventsId #JayPark #Haon #PH1 
Asian and African studies blog  My new blog is now out. Hope everyone will enjoy it as much as I did writing it @SaqibBaburi @DerilloEyob @britishlibrary
I ship Twice Sana and Justin Bieber. Justin needs a cute shy asian girl that is not wild and I don't know if Sana can handle Justin and fame. Because Sana would  very popular. Everyone would know her as jb gf and not twice member. I hope twice and Justin meet so they can
JAY PARK  to Indonesia Asian Sound Syndicate (a hiphop festival in Jakarta who brought Gray and Simon Dominic last year) announced their line up for 2020! Jay Park #박재범, Haon, pH-1, Hoody!  
LA leaders speak out against anti-Asian racism amid coronavirus fears 
Can’t believe I was obsessed with asian guys, what a phase
It's, frankly, shocking that this needs to be said> "Under no circumstances should public health or foreign policy decisions be based on the racism and xenophobia that are now being directed at Chinese people and those of Asian descent"  …
if you wanna be wifed quickly just date a white or asian boy lmao they waste no time
The Oriental Bay Owl, a relatively small unusual looking owl with short rounded wings. Also known as the Asian Bay Owl. 
y’all sayin this but currently being racist to Asian people....lol ok  …
Despite a reduction in match-fixing, illicit gambling on Asian soccer has increased thanks to cryptocurrency, local sports authorities state  …
BTS remains the only Asian Act to sell out 3 shows in FirstOntario Centre, Canada.... #VoteBTS #KCA @BTS_twt
Many congratulations to junior weightlifters #KVLPavaniKumari & #HarshadaGarud (in pic) for winning the Silver & Bronze medals respectively in the 45kg women's category of Asian Youth and Junior Weightlifting Championships 2020. @KirenRijiju @DGSAI @RijijuOffice 
True, and yet outside of Asia, wearing one right now just singles you out for suspicion or worse, esp if you're East Asian. And I don't see any concerted attempt  and educate on the use of masks in this context in the UK. Would love to be proven wrong.  …
The Ronny Chieng (  special on Netflix - ‘Asian Comedian Destroys America’ - is the funniest stand up I have seen in a long, long time. His bit about consumerism and - of all things - Amazon Prime - had me crying laugh-tears. I needed that this week. So good.
No one : Asian parents on whatsapp :  …
white people: all asian people look the same white people:  …
A sudden oil buying spree by China’s independent refiners takes Asian traders by surprise 
my asian mom would have chase me with a broom, belt or even a coat-hanger on her hand if i’d talk back so i wouldn't even dare  …
How #Asia is reinventing #banking: Increasingly, #Asian #banks acquire new customers and interact with customers through #digital #ecosystems, requiring changes in business model and technology architecture. #Podcast by @McKinsey featuring @CIMBMalaysia:  
WTF? A reprimand for saying Guaido's a gobshite is like a reprimand for saying Xi Jinping is Asian.  …
Not sure why ppl are worried for the Tour. No acts cancelled their tour spots in NA or Europe. The only ones who did were some kpop acts who added other asian tour spots or didnt cancel their asian spots . So make of that what you will.
Qualified for Masters Tour Jönköping! I played in my asian account where I dont even have the adventure unlocked yet and I can safely conclude the new cards are a jebaite. Used the following decks with Face Hunter going undefeated! 
Whatever @AndrewYang decides, I hope he does NOT take a cabinet position unless for VP. This will be playing into every single sub-par expectation that has been set for Asian Americans in the US. Andrew, if you ever read this, don't let them win this way. Highest office only.
Washington, DC: Taranjit Singh Sandhu, Ambassador of India to the United States, was  with a reception hosted by US India Business Council (USIBC). Alice Wells, Principal Deputy Assistant Secy of State for South&Central Asian Affairs was also present at the event. 
"Asian Americans who built and sustained the audience for two decades paved the way for Neon to distribute 'Parasite' and critics to notice and praise it." Shout out to the San Diego Asian Film Festival for being a vanguard.  …
I may not show it but that lack of nuance every day in woke asian twitter really be giving me brain damage
Always remember one of the worst slurs and falsehoods against Asian Australians was when Bowl of Soup went to his old school (Hurlstone) and tried to convince the kids that no Asian Australians fought in WWI. Fake history from a shameless race baiter.  …
calling ur mom the f slur, slamming ur hands with ur crusty ass shoes on the table, YELLING??? all that with your nose sounding blocked as fuck bitch you would not survive a second in an asian household PLEASE 
We stan exotic asian
I wrote a piece for the @sdut about how Asian Americans are the two-decade invisible underground labor behind Parasite's Oscar win.  …
Y’all have no idea how happy it makes me to see Asian representation on this team even if he gets sent down again after this, I’m proud he’s made his mark
Thanks for my new pants to @DominaFire4u they are perfect for this cold weather & they look great #QKR @tonybobo3 @rt_feet @rtfindom @DirkHooper @DommeDaily @dickievirgin @FemdomDaily @Femdom__World @FemDomFanatic @Oostwalum @DommesNation @Slave_for_asian 
“Merrick Garland formally stepped down from his role as chief judge of the influential appeals court in Washington, passing the gavel Thursday to Sri Srinivasan, the first person of South Asian descent to lead a federal circuit court.”  …
E Warren now bragging that since Andrew Yang drop out the Presidential race, she’s the only Asian left on the Democrat ticket.
One time for @TheKitchenista for the inspiration. NY Strip w/ Asian Chimichurri, Wasabi Mashed Potatoes, & Roasted Asparagus. 
Asian American and Pacific Islander...they’re getting specific and demanding policy; asking for socioeconomic data to be disaggregated...but, when #ADOS do it, we bots, divisive, xenophobic and everything else because we refuse to be erased and lumped in with people of  …
My Irish mother’s old nursery rhyme sung by a Jew to his Asian kid. This is why my mother emigrated from Belfast to New York.  …
I live rural and I have to wait 4 weeks for a doctors appointment. My doctor is Asian and suddenly his appointments are open, people are cancelling appointments 'cause he's Asian. People are actually fuckwits
I can’t think of another place in this country that consistently explores Asian, Latino, Black and South Asian life like the @latimes. Every week, my fellow writers BRING IT and I feel closer to LA than  …
Fun fact: The reason that foxes in East Asian folklore disguise themselves as women and make love to human men is because they can extend their own livespan by draining men's "life force." (And yes, "life force" is pretty much a euphemism for semen.) 
You: "Cassandra Cain is just a stoic mute Asian girl." The rest of us: "Cass is a cocky little shit"  …
tw// andi mack y’all remember when the show really had jonah (a white boy) give his asian gf andi a grain of rice with her name on it
being Chinese means you’re of the Asian ethnicity. If you wanna get technical here. Are you dumb or are you stupid?  …
Spectre of a Bangladeshi cross-over to India is ill-founded: it would be far wiser for the Indian government to humbly learn the recipe of South Asian success to improve the lives of citizens from the impressive “Shonar Bangla”.  …
sometimes i think im really fucking stupid but then i remember there are people out there that are afraid of soy (as if asian people haven’t been eating soy forever & are the healthiest) but still eat class 1 & 2 carcinogenic meat and dairy and then i feel so much better.
All citizens please All of us should stand in Solidarity with Wuhan and the rest of China. Racism is never  our Asian, as global citizens and humans we are all brothers and sisters. Here and abroad be a friend. Speak out  #WeAreWuhan
Our future? "Two-thirds of California students didn't meet science standards." (75 percent of Asian students did, though)  …
Economic casualties from China’s #coronavirus epidemic mounting as Asian & European auto plants run short of parts, free-spending Chinese tourists stay home &  brace for unpredictable turbulence. That’s just the start of a financial hangover..  …
#Dinner tonight: Asian peanut chicken over stir fried veggies. #food #cooking #homecooking #healthy 
Lean mean fighting  eat cozy like Asian cuisine... 
As of now Asian qualifiers for Women's Rugby World Cup still on in Hong Kong from March 14-22 World Rugby tell me they "are continuing to monitor the dynamic situation and are  with the relevant unions" HK, Kazakhstan, Japan battling it out for place at 
. @ewarren  to serving ALL of the Asian  & recognizes we aren't a  She will ensure data disaggregation so we see how economic, education, health & other issues break down into our ethnic groups.  …
. @RepJayapal: "To women across this country who are watching, let me say -- and I say this as the first South Asian American woman ever elected to the House of Representatives -- we see you, we stand with you, and we will fight for you." 
just asian tingz
"Judge Sri Srinivasan  the first person of South Asian descent to lead a federal circuit court."  …
Patient: I think I have a sinus infection Me: why dont we try some decongestants and nasal spray and see if it helps clear it Patient: normally that would sound alright, but I am Asian and I feel like I can’t afford for people to see me coughing right now
The world has a third pole and it’s melting fast. When Himalaya glaciers melt, its a huge threat to people living along Ganga, Indus, Yangtze and other beautiful and life supporting Asian rivers. Climate action is urgent! 
The whole discourse tbh is also very US-centric considering how Chinese especially are discriminated against in many SE Asian countries
Here's just one example:  inequality in Asian  nearly doubled from 1970 to 2016. Burmese, Nepalese, Hmong, and Bangladeshi Americans make, on average, less than half what people in some other  make.
Why is Nevada different? Because candidates need "to appeal to whites, blacks, Latinos, Asian Americans, naturalized citizens and union workers — in short, the constituencies that form the backbone of today’s national Democratic Party." by  …
Harvard Business School Professor Willy Shih, an expert on Asian  discusses the impact the coronavirus has had on  
*small voice* THE SUNDAY SHOW WILL STILL BE FACEBOOK LIVE STREAMED BY A KIND SOUL FOR ASIAN AND SOUTH AMERICAN FANS WHO DO NOT HAVE ACCESS TO THE CHANNELS PROMOTED.... 
Going to have a Chinese takeaway or visit an Asian market this weekend. This anti-Chinese bullshit needs to stop now  …
And if you are a part of a university that has a “Hawaiian Club” which merely enhances white patriarchal exoticism of Hawaiian culture or Asian settler colonialism and you aren’t Oiwi, have the strength to call it out and don’t accept status quo. You too can support aloha aina
Sajid Javid was first British-Asian chancellor but may now be remembered as the second to never deliver a Budget. ⁦ @sajidjavid⁩ will also be remembered for the #LoanChargeScandal and the #IR35 
The Asian Age carries my article on the Pulwama anniversary; an assessment of the situation in the subcontinent.  …
Today we don't forget " Mass vote " at 9:00 AM KST at 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Vote for Jungkook Link vote:  … #Jungkook #JeonJungKook #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク 
they were quarantined for two weeks. they had to train in hotel hallways. they had key players missing. yet China took arguably the #Matildas' strongest line-up to the very edge. my thoughts on #AUSvCHN and the return of an Asian woso giant  …
"I've never been on a show where everyone on the call sheet is South Asian. Usually, you're the one South Asian amongst a sea of other ethnicities." - Utkarsh Ambudkar ( @UTKtheINC), "Chikku" in @DisneyJunior's #MiraRoyalDetective, premiering in the U.S. and India on March  …
When media uses “Asian” #GroomingGangs, you think about which country? Please VOTE, RETWEET & LIKE. @DVATW
Hello Czennies! Please take some time to vote for Taeyong in the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round It doesn’t take much time to vote and is a great way to help Taeyong @NCTsmtown_127 #NCT127  …
Giving Veterans pathetic "gestures" Veterans are prosecuted, homeless and sleeping rough Meanwhile IRA and "Asian" Terrorists are Released Homes for Veterans before "Illegals" No wonder no-one wants to serve their country This is how their country serves them  …
We’ve issued a guidance for newsrooms to cover coronavirus accurately and factually without further fueling xenophobia and racism towards Asian Americans.  …
I met @LanaCondor and @JennyHan to talk #ToAlltheBoys2 and witnessed their IRL friendship We got into Lara Jean’s loves, their own girlhoods and how they hope subtle but meaningful details make for a new normal with their Asian American teen heroine:  …
Now do: Asian women who work in sweatshops making my plagiarized, clothing and shoe lines are much more likely to suffer from oppressive hours, slave wages and dangerous working conditions than the average American worker.
I am tired of my husband asking me for oral sex on Valentine’s Day. If I wanted a mouthful of sin and disappointment I would be eating Asian Zing. -Cathy, 49, Naperville, IL
Can we also have Asian people. Diversity is not only when Black people are included
Culturally sustaining pedagogy is always on the side of the peoples & the lands. CSP takes its guidance from centuries of work by Indigenous, Black, Latinx, Asian, Pacific  to sustain futures through resistance, refusal, rootedness, abundance, joy & love.
Another propellant depot. Artist Robert Bateman lived in my town and once remarked that the line between earth and sky was  subject of East Asian zen-influenced art -- and  European idea was to stick something through it. A bird wing in his case, a spaceship here. 
Warren Releases Extensive Plan for Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians and Pacific Islanders  …
A stranded cruise liner that had been turned away by 4 Asian governments over #coronavirus fears has docked in Cambodia after 2 weeks at 
So moved that @ewarren understands issues specific to Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, & Pacific Islanders - including ongoing racism & xenophobia, health disparities, & a wealth gap:  #AAPIsWithWarren 
Holy moly. That is our data disaggregation bill. Thank you thank you thank you for mentioning the erasure of Asian American poverty due to aggregated data. Folks. I swear. I did not write her answers. But I am so so so grateful to be heard.  …
Today’s anti-Asian Corona Virus fear mongering brought to you by throwaway account Albert N. Report this crap and get it removed. (FWIW, the majority of tourists that visit this store for photo ops are Japanese- but I don’t expect someone like Albert to know the difference -_-) 
A lot of black people on this app are anti Asian
We LVE these gals a ton! Asian elephants live in family groups called herds that are led by older, experienced females. #GalentinesDay  
You can tell it’s a campaign of inclusion and belonging when an Asian-American music teacher living in Indiana reads a tweet and feels seen and included on every possible level. #AAPI  …
There are ZERO cases of coronavirus in New York City and there's NO reason to miss out on delicious food from our locally owned Asian-American restaurants! 
Yesterday, a graduate student at @TheNewSchool was physically assaulted on the street, in NYC, right around the corner from our building. Why? She is Asian. The assailant punched her while saying something along the lines of "don't go outside Asian virus...B****." Thread. (1/3)
Today, Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander-Serving Institutions serve over 40% of AAPI students. My administration will invest $50 billion in Minority-Serving Institutions to provide the dedicated support AANAPISIs need to continue empowering students. #AAPI2020
If you're a Labour member and identify as Black, Asian or Ethnic Minority, you have until midnight on Friday to fill out the equalities survey & receive a ballot for the BAME rep on Labour's National Executive Committee. Complete the survey now!  
My older brother, my best friend for the first 25 years of my life, argued with me yesterday and said don't know what I'm talking about, only support Yang because he's Asian, and my support is "laughable" and "embarrassing". I'm thinking about changing my last name.
Q6: According to research, over 75% of Asian Americans are very strong supporters of stricter gun laws. What is your plan to prioritize gun safety and take preventative action to ensure the well-being and safety for all Americans? #AAPI2020
Asian Americans, Pacific Islanders, and Native Hawaiians have very different needs and concerns within their  We need to change and improve the way that data is collected to represent their unique challenges.
Elizabeth Warren claimed to be Asian American and then hired herself as campaign manager, didn’t she?  …
The US's engagement with Asian and Pacific Islanders peoples has always been one of militarism and colonialism. What would your administration do to reinstate the sovereignty of Hawai'i, Guam, Samoa & end the military occupation of Korea, the Philippines, and Okinawa? #AAPI2020
As an Asian/Polynesian/Caucasian woman, I bring the voices of NHPI leaders to the Presidency to ensure we stand together to address the inequities that still exist. Indigenous voices in this country will be heard & will have a seat at the table in my Administration. #AAPI2020
Q4: About 25M people in the U.S. and 1 in 4 Asian Americans are limited English proficient (LEP), meaning English is not their primary language. How will your plans involve LEP individuals & ensure they have equal access to healthcare or other government services? #AAPI2020
Members of the Irish  have reported being discriminated against due to the coronavirus outbreak | Read more:  
Q3: Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders are incredibly diverse. However, studies and data oversimplify the issues that  face. What will you do to ensure AAPI data is disaggregated and how will you lift up  AAPIs? #AAPI2020
When we use the term BME, you are not specifying what you mean. The black experience is very different to that of the asian experience - says Ololade Obadare, 3rd year med student #RacismInMedicine 
What will you do to challenge the dominant but inaccurate narrative that Asian means Chinese, Japanese, or Korean? How will you make America understand that Asian does not only mean East Asian, that #BrownAsiansExist, & that  at least half of AAPI pop.? #AAPI2020
Personnel is policy. I’m proud to have the first Asian American campaign manager of any major presidential campaign. I’ve pledged to appoint a diverse cabinet. I’ll listen to and learn from AAPI leaders who have been at the forefront of advocating for  #AAPI2020
It is vital that Asian American, Native Hawaiian and Pacific  are fully counted in the #2020Census!  
The mainstream  ignores this because Asian Americans have so little representation in the media and virtually no voice to speak out.
There’s an interesting subculture of anti-Asian trolls with profile pictures of Pepe the Frog or other characters behind yellow coronavirus containment suits who harass Asian Americans and others on Twitter with memes of Chinese people eating bat soup or rats.
Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders are the fastest-growing minority group in the U.S. today—working hard to thrive, but still facing unique barriers to achieving their dreams. I'm a fighter for working  to fighting for AAPI families. 
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be hispanic its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be gay its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but its NEVER okay to think jay-z is better than kanye
Read this plan. No candidate—not just in this race, but in history—has ever put forth an agenda for engaging and supporting the Asian  as @ewarren that’s as detailed,  or as responsive to real concerns we have raised.   …
There's always a silver lining... BBC News - Stormzy scraps Asian tour over coronavirus  …
Exclusive: Elizabeth Warren announces plan to help  diverse Asian  
But let a show with Asian put on black paint on they face and red lips sticks and you’ll start shouting smh
"The Asian American and Pacific  is not a monolith and @ewarren's Working Agenda shows  to collecting the data and implementing policies that will ensure every AAPI family can build a future.” -- @RogerLau #TeamWarren  …
Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders are often erased from the national conversation because many agencies and surveys don't collect information about  Elizabeth has made  to prioritize AAPI data equity  …
“When I was growing up, I heard claims that all Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders fit the 'model minority' mold -- but around me, families were struggling to keep the lights on,” campaign manager Roger Lau said. 
nyc stand PLEASE for the love of god  about ‘nyc never getting anything’ y’all have no fucking idea how good you have it. asian/australian/ latam countries ESPECIALLY third world countries have to sit here and watch yall cry about not winning a contest please stfu
ps if anyone needs a south asian person to talk about dev patel i am available
but more than anything, i now don't think it's possible, really, for any rapper to be the Asian Drake. but in order to reach that level of success here, you cannot imitate their work. you must be different. bring your own cultural context, your own life experience, to the table.
in that piece, i wrote about jay park attempting to be the first ever asian version of a drake, of a lil wayne--a lofty task with loaded social context behind it. over a year later, i don't think jay has  that. in fact, i think many have caught up or surpassed him in that.
I was looking for a massage therapist in Chicago to get a neck massage and I ran across this review left by a customer at an Asian-owned business and the owner's response has me DYING. Drag his cheap ass, sis! I have no choice but to stan and to book an appointment right now. 
I wrote about having ASIAN GLOW, that thing where you drink alcohol and get splotchy and hot and your face turns into a bright red tomato. If you glow, you know.  …
PLEASE SHARE & SPREAD THE WORD! Know an emerging South Asian American activist, ages 18-24? Apply to this lifechanging 5-day summer training to grow skills, find mentors, and build new movements:  (retweet to 
The Church of England has voted to apologize for “conscious and unconscious racism experienced by countless Black, Asian and minority ethnic” people over the past seven decades 
i’m so angry eric’s classmates do not deserve him have y’all performed at MAMA?? MMA?? y’all been on a europe and asian tour? y’all been to kcon? y’all at the top of the melon charts? no? then sit there and be grateful instead of being an a*s and taking advantage of his kindness
Just to throw this out there, especially for young asian writers, for 99.99999999999% of you, the time spent doing this is way way way better spent writing.  …
A stranded cruise liner that had been turned away by 4 Asian governments over #coronavirus fears has docked in 
< 2020 Global Top Ten Awards > Atiny, @ATEEZofficial are nominated for "Global Artist Of The Year" on Tenasia!  Only people from 10 selected Asian countries can vote (last picture) and you can vote up until 30 times a day. #ATEEZ 
FACT: No confirmed cases of Coronavirus in NYC. Show the love to your local Asian-owned businesses:  
We're moderating a Twitter town hall today where the Democratic presidential campaigns will tackle the issues Asian American and Pacific Islanders care about in advance of the primaries. Tweet using #AAPI2020 and @NBCAsianAmerica to 
Y’all want to see what happens when someone brings the Asian work ethic to Hollywood?  …
THE MERMAID, THE WITCH AND THE SEA | @emteehall YA | standalone | UPCOMING [5/5/20] asian (japanese-coded) genderfluid mc, f/nb romance ANTI-IMPERIALIST QUEER PIRATES, japan-inspired fantasy world & folklore, subverts “girl dresses as boy” trope, tons of queer/nb rep 
There are other economic frameworks including the East Asian model, the Austrian school and, most interestingly, traditional Indian schools that should be considered. Viewers will get a glimpse of the background ideas that found their way into the latest Economic Survey 2/2
The team that walked off over "blatant racism" from a match official only to be banned for three years, the first winner of Chelsea's Asian Star initiative and lots more - a special report on British Asians in football  …
The TN Senate Ag Cmte passed my resolution URGING federal, state & local officials to address the spread of Asian Carp in the TN River by constructing barriers at Chickamauga or Nickajack locks. Our river system requires protection & TN deserves its fair share of federal funds. 
So she goes to the Asian supermarket on smithdown and spends £50 on spices and nuts , not for cooking , for a mosaic based on one she saw in St. George’s hall , cos she’s a lunatic 
Thats a shame... I think many of us were hoping he would chance it.... #Bluehand #coronavairus Stormzy scraps Asian tour over coronavirus  …
It is with great regret to announce that one of @VICI's player is unable to get his VISA in time for #IEM Katowice 2020. They will be replaced by the runner-up of the Asian Qualifier @tyloogaming, who have been bootcamping in Ukraine since 11 days 
Pindus level - goes to kamyas wedding reception and asks everyone to support chukla forcefully @roachkilla1 s level - goes to BBC Asian network radio station in UK to promote #AsimRiaz BUT ALL OF IT WILL GO IN VAIN if you don't vote continuously for the next 2 days!
With nod from China, Taiwan gets seat at WHO coronavirus forum - Nikkei Asian Review 
Look at all the Asian Representation. Yes, isn’t it great that young Asian people can grow up to see themselves in positions of screwing over the rest of the country.
the only date i want for valentine's is asian tour dates thats it
BBC News - Stormzy scraps Asian tour over coronavirus That's one thing the whole of Asia can be glad about!!
I just googled Rishi Sunak (who I'd never heard of). It's the classic south Asian migrant's ascent to evil: Pharmacist parents | private school | Oxford | MBA | Goldman Sachs | Hedge fund (owned by billionaire) | Marry billionaire's daughter | Brexiteer | Chancellor
This is a story for every kid (and young adult) who's afraid of growing up and growing old, and all the terrifying changes and drift-apart friendships attached. It's about keeping the magic of life. (PS if you care about this thing; the author and main character are Asian) 
Sajid Javid can now take some time to unwind, reflect, run a bath, think about all the people he’s deported, put his feet up, listen to his favourite South Asian band Kula Shaker.
4vr in luv w Asian Kung-Fu Generation's album art. Nakamura Yusuke u rly r the king 
Stormzy scraps Asian tour "due to the ongoing health and travel concerns surrounding the coronavirus" 
LOOK: The lights on the Westerdam cruise ship turn on as the ship docks in Cambodia after being turned away from several Asian ports due to #coronavirus 
“Let’s Netflix and chill!” KNN, YOU’RE ASIAN AND LIVING WITH YOUR PARENTS, WHO YOU WANNA CHILL WITH LAH? PUNDEH, JUST SIT AT HOME AND WATCH TANGLIN WITH YOUR FAMILY!
University students across the UK have criticized xenophobia against Asian students following multiple incidents involving discrimination related to the coronavirus outbreak. 
I'm a South Asian woman. We have tougher challenges daily. We face them. Fight it out. American women are the most free in the world and all they do is whine. I'm free. There is no life on earth without challenges. Stop this victimhood game. Stop now  …
i wanna move mad but asian twitter will attack me
Opening tomorrow #ValentinesDay at the @britishlibrary! ‘Exquisite Patterns: #Japanese Textile Design’, Second Floor Gallery, Free exhibition. Here you find two short videos with Hamish Todd, Head of East Asian Collections and Lead Curator for 
I was interviewed by Nikkei Asian Review.  …
STAE in the press again today urging new law to end the part the UK travel industry and @ABTAtravel members play in the horrific abuse of Asian elephants ensnared in tourism:  #elephants @marcthevet @PeterEgan6 @PenmanMirror
This is the kind of thing that explains why upper caste Asians are cool with backing white supremacists and racists. Asian Tories and Republicand.  …
This report goes along with everything we discussed in Part 2 of Burgeoning Asian Bioweapons. Worth a read. Sudden Militarization Of Wuhan's P4 Lab Raises New Questions About The Origin Of The Deadly Covid-19 Virus  …
Yeh, the weirdest thing about this ‘Asians should not eat meat/dairy/carbs/sugar/etc’ argument is that chickens, cows, pigs, wheat, rice and sugar were all domesticated in....Asia. The ‘European’ diet is based on Asian crops!  …
I just asked my Asian housemate who had been on the phone in their native tongue if everything was ok. “Oh I just thought that sounded pretty intense,” I said and felt truly white
its really fascinating how almost everyday i see a bts related post on subtle asian traits
ATTENTION #YangGang: RT!!! Keep voting for @AndrewYang at least until #SuperTuesday! We never got to see the turnout for #POC voters yet! ESP the #Asian Voters! If we win some #delegates we can literally bring #Yang2020 back from dead. #ReturnOfTheMack #YangGangForLife @PagetKagy
In years  we will look back and ask how the Asian Cartels rose to power. The answer is simple. Once @UKLabour ignored the grooming & rape of white working class girls, all other crimes were trivial. He who controls the Asian vote controls the town  …
Kumar Sangakkara "I have immensely wonderful memories of playing in Pakistan, especially Lahore. In the Asian Test Championship finals in 2002, playing against greats like Waqar Younis, also Shoaib Akhtar, Sami, Razzaq, Shoaib Malik, they all played alongside Inzamam" #Cricket
moon dance is obviously the asian version of fifty shades of grey’s earned it. JEON WOONG DID THAT! 
Asian Twitter needs to hear this  …
Taking a break from writing "Asian Acceptance" to start on this. Design challenge: all images must be classic Filipino paintings, because why the heck not. Also: stupid pleased over getting to use the logo @Rocketeer_Vee made for 
MCC captain, the Sri Lankan legend @KumarSanga2 checking out the GSL Honours Board. Sangakkara played some memorable innings at the headquarters of Pakistan cricket including a title winning double century in the Asian Test Championship final 2001-2002. 
I pledged to reach out to 100 streamers within 90 days. This is the stats of Day 2! Time left: 88 days Streamers Reached: 27 Remaining: 973 Goal per day: 11 Status: On track! Yall best believe this crazy Asian man will do it!
Wow, I see so many asian men running for offices running with Andrews ideals... #Yanggang Andrew changed the game for Asian Americans. Vote the people who support Yangs ideals into office! This time we have the chance to set thing in place for Yang! #Yang2024 #YangGangForever
Choose your Asian Girls: URIOS EDITION 
I don’t know what the future holds but jay will be someone I look up to forever and an inspiration to every single Asian American kid trynna make music for the rest of time. Respect a legend and one of the most hardworking & genuine leaders we’ve ever seen
In 1999, The Philippines joined the 11th Asian Pacific Cup in Japan. The team was represented by players from Bacolod (USLS) headed by former PVF president, Coach Roger Banzuela. Included in the team was the father of @AngelCanino_, @Rodelcanino12! May Jane 
Went to Japanese whiskey bar in SF and a non Asian bartender guy judged and called me Chinese..Idk why some of ppl think this is ok cuz of they don’t know?There’re so many way to ask ppl where they’re from originally:) Especially the bar was called Nihon I felt more odd hahahaha
when i say i want an asian boyfriend this is what i mean 
Man, we lost Marianas Resort for nothing. We lost Mandi Asian Spa for nothing. We lost the circuit for nothing.
1/ We are thrilled to announce that Matic is entering the Chinese market via our listing on @BiKiEnglish! BiKi is a leading exchange catering for the SE Asian & East Asian market, with a strong focus on China. $MATIC trading will begin on Feb 14 via the MATIC/USDT 
Yeah we claim @BTS_twt and bong ju ho only, Korea's pride and biggest asian representatives of all time 
I know some of you are very busy in your life, but you are still voting for Jungkook, I thank you very much. "Mass vote for 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020" remains, try to create the best votes for Jungkook.  …… #Jungkook #전정국 #방탄소년단정국  …
y’all racist asses be like “stay away from asian people or you’ll get coronavirus” asian ppl wont even wear shoes in the house but chad from sigma apple pi uses dish soap as 3 in 1 shampoo and has never been STD tested. who do you think you’re more likely to catch a disease from?
I've heard some people say making Asian jokes about the coronavirus makes you racist But last time I checked, I'm not the one killing thousands of Chinese people Sounds like we should probably start calling out this virus a bit more
Boris Johnson’s brother in Hong Kong backs Brexit and plans UK hotel fund targeting Asian investors - Max Johnson says fund will launch in partnership with hotel operator & target high net worth individuals/pension funds making use of sterling’s weakness  …
You’re a legend for Asian hip-hop bro. Such an inspiration for Asian American boys.
have ur reply guys called u a beautiful asian goddess w nice boobs today or do i have to do it
When  to hip hop though “kpop” does not have the most authentic image and thats just the truth. So me trying to make things happn in that field and also being asian  across some difficulties was my point in the interview
We’ve signed an exclusive deal to sponsor Perth Glory in their inaugural Asian Champions League tournament. This will allow us to promote WA to the region during the tournament, showcasing all this great state has to offer! #AsianEngagement #Football 
Or the fact that nothing we do matters if China and several other Asian nations don’t chill.
Last year, there has been a significant growth in the amount of  to India from South-West Asian countries. According to a FATF report, it can be said that in 2011, Afghani poppy and heroin alone had a valuation of $7 billion globally: Shri @AmitShah
We will "Mass vote" at 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 in the first. Vote for Jungkook Click this link:  … 2h00 PM -> 5h00 PM #Jungkook #JeonJungKook #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク 
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020: Lai Guanlin, Kim Taehyung, and BamBam Advance to Next Level of… 
[DAILY REMINDER] Remember to vote for TAEYONG in STARMOMETER’s 100 Asian Heartthrobs poll. He is currently in 1st place but the gap is small. Make sure to vote to widen the gap. Voting ends February 18th. #NCT127 #TAEYONG @NCTsmtown_127  
The Chinese people, their positions earnt via Meritocracy(TM), doing the Important Work of supervising, while the South Asian migrant workers do all the actual labour. 
Wbk 80% gg stans are Cis white males who have a asian girl fetish...ewww 
Mass voting time ended this morning. Tonight at 12h00 AM KST 14.02, we have another Mass vote at Bousnid. Thanks for participating. And one Mass vote ( 2:00 PM KST to 5:00 PM KST ) for 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 this afternoon  … #Jungkook #전정국 
Only ppl Im scared to offend on here is them Kpop stans. Theyll be in ya mentions for weeks sending you videos of Asian niggas pop locking
excuse me for being a nerd, but i mostly finished my thesis paper, a 50 page critique on the virtual objectification of asian femininity, and i'm very happy ♡
The Cambridge resolution declared that "Modi government's racist and repressive policies" were inconsistent with the values of the city, "which  South  of all castes and religions". 
A cruise ship turned away by four Asian and Pacific governments due to virus fears anchored Thursday off Cambodia  via @AP
In Korea and elsewhere, a new crop of Asian filmmakers is working hard to ensure that “Parasite” isn’t just a momentary bout of glory but the start of a new global era 
If a black woman makes a racist joke against Asian people it’s just plain racist sis. Anybody can say headass racist shit.  … 
School trustees on Vancouver Island have voted to change the name of an elementary school named after Alan Webster Neill, a controversial former federal member of Parliament known for his anti-Asian views. 
Aaaand this is no longer Deinopis. All Asian deinopids have been transferred to the new genus Asianopis. 
I'm already feeling the void with Andrew out of the race. My mom barely speaks English but she be #YangGang af and it was something we were finally able to bond over @AndrewYang rly b bringing Asian families together since 2017. #YangGangForever
Outside of KOREA ctfuuu well any buddy wanna slap them the revenue GFriend got from their ASIAN TOUR... or the amount of I-buddies that gave them their first EMA best Korean Act the first ever girl group to do so...  …
!!! Judge Sri Srinivasan will  the first Asian American to serve as Chief Justice of a Circuit Court in the United States.  …
Good to see an important story out there. My report about Chloe Luo has now been picked up by Channel 9, Canberra Times, Yahoo etc. Just wanted to say this shows the value of employing Asian and Asian-Australian journalists, who know  and can get these stories 
Natalie Anderson is the 17th Asian woman (out of 28) to finish lower than 10th place 
He just tripped and an Asian woman asked him if he was ok and he smiled and said yes WHAT IS GOING ON
In both OCEANS 8 & BIRDS OF PREY, there's one Asian-American woman and they're sort of these street-urchin blue-collar pickpocket criminals... why? There are arguably 11 other roles for Asian-American women between these two films - why the same role for these two?
oh, to be a multi award-winning glasses-wearing Asian director making their awards kiss 
"The huge exposure the world now has to the Korean culture through the success of BTS" -PIERCE CONRAN "BTS made it possible for Asian artists to be seen" -JUNG SUNG AHN "BTS PAVE THE WAY"Where's the lie? -COLBERT
- Black River - Ring River - African Village - Asian Village  …
We’re keen to boycott the big name restaurants when they’ve underpaid employees. I wonder if we could cope with knowing how little staff were paid in our favourite little Asian and fast food eateries?
After the very first debate I dismissed any chance of anyone being able to win Especially the weird Asian guy who wants to give everyone 1000 a month Who knew 6 months later I would be in literal tears at the thought of him not being in the white house Thank you, Andrew Yang
Pls tell me YALL LYING jay park rlly said “cultural appropriation is listening to kpop while not being asian” ?????? 
#ToAllTheBoys2's Lana Condor on representation and reflects on the "young Asian American woman and  up to me and just saying, 'I felt seen. I felt heard. Thank you'" 
So many Asian guys were demanding that the ideal form Asian masculinity was a buff dude who crushed chicks and enemies when it turns out it's a tall somewhat obese man with curly hair and who plays with dolls. 
I DID. I’m actually in my 80s. This Asian don’t raisin.  …
Now that I have made it to crazy rumor level fame. Let’s start more: I’m not actually south Asian. It’s all Bobbi Brown bronzer. Also my I have a tattoo of my own tits on my forehead, and that’s why I always have a fringe. Also, I’m BANKSY. 
Asian Doll - YIKES REMIX  via @YouTube !!!
“Roses are red, violets are blue, never forget, theres always an asian thats better than you.”
Jay Park is probably the most lightskin actin Asian I’ve ever seen. He has the audacity to act like he’s harder than everybody else when he knows he’s generic. This man has more cap than a f*cking bottle factory and wonders why the whole industry dog walks him when he speaks. 
So... go see Birds of Prey, the first major Hollywood Superhero Movie directed by an Asian American woman: Cathy Yan..!!!!! It was great and I loved it
Among many negative consequences, the model minority myth erases ongoing racism against Asian Americans—and thus harms the struggle for racial justice.  …
as an asian person if me n asian friends were taking up too much space someplace meant for Black students and they asked us to have some self awareness, i would simply have some self awareness
Mass Vote for Jungkook 1. 100 Asian Heartthrobs Two time frames: 2h00 PM KST - 5h00 PM KST 10h00 PM KST - 12h00 PM KST  … Unlimited vote #Jungkook #JeonJungKook #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク 
i’m so sick of stans of the most bland white  after tatbilb as if it isn’t such an important franchise. it’s literally the first romcom which stars an asian female lead that isn’t a racist stereotype and it’s SO important that it’s successful. cry harder
The job market continues to crush expectations! In 2019, the unemployment rates for African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Asian Americans all hit record lows!  …
thanks herald sun for confirming that i was born in sydney despite having an Asian father 
You forgot “ratatata”
First there was Indian #Fauxcahontas now there’s an Asian white one too!  …
#AAPISoWhite We should not let @aapidata and @karthickr erase the only Asian & Pacific Islander from their town hall. Show some aloha to Karthick Ramakrishnan #AAPI  …
"Also I’m not a racist my wife is asian and we made a mixed kid so I actually contributed to the solution ;)" An actual thing a white dude said....I’m still baffled by it.
Irrational fears about coronavirus and prejudice are hurting our Asian small businesses. To be clear: there are currently no cases of the virus in NYC. Today I join w/ @CM_MargaretChin, @ChinatownNYC to ask you to visit, eat, shop and 
It’s an Asian thing to put eggs in ramen
Could do with a nice dose of the coronavirus after that result. Going out to ask every asian person I see to sneeze on me.
The novel helped Asian American kids and teens see themselves as the protagonist in a fun love story, as opposed to being the sidekick or best friend. 
Still can’t believe this happened: SJW: Anna is a xenophobe who hates asians because she talks about coronavirus. Me: I don’t hate Asians. I lived in China. I finished my undergrad in Thailand. My Masters is set in Myanm- SJW: So...You're saying you fetishise Asian folx?? Me: 
Almost every single Democratic primary candidate is white. Not nearly enough black, Hispanic, Asian, or indigenous people, quite literally, have had a vote for who the nominee should be. We’ve had two contests. Slow the hell down, everyone. My latest. 
Today this happened. We are so proud that Sani is @RenttheRunway’s launch partner for South Asian fashion!  …
Im still tripping off the fact they’re really trying to grab Asian american votes they believe can be gained after Yang drops out and after they blacked out Tulsi. How fucking disgusting is neoliberalism? This is why POC w/ sense don’t by the fake outrage, y’all DGAF abt us.
The President promised to take care of the Great Lakes, but included no funding to move forward with the Brandon Road project, a critical choke point to stop Asian carp from entering the Lakes. The #TrumpBudget fails our MI test for what's  …
Finally! Indian clothes need to be more accessible for us south Asian Americans just trying to find a last minute outfit. We can’t fly to India for a sari! Any entrepreneurs out there who wanna start a South Asian American  I’ll invest.  …
Not nearly enough black, Hispanic, Asian, or indigenous people, quite literally, have had a vote for who the Democratic nominee should be. Read Jamil Smith on why that needs to matter  
why are people so anti-subtitles? y’all can’t read the language you speak? im asian but uses english sub and it’s not even my first language.
There have been no new Fed/Treasury liquidity for weeks. It's all Asian/European folks FOMOing at night, and wsb folks squeezing single names during the day.
Coronavirus is not an excuse to be racist. Support Chinese & Asian folks being attacked for no reason because of it. Give their businesses your patronage.
Yet you exclude the only Asian Pacific Islander running for President.
To all my dommes out there: NEVER SETTLE FOR DISRESPECT & LIES. YOU DESERVE THE BEST. That being said, where's some new subs that need an Asian Goddess? Cum to me & $end little cuck; I need someone new to degrade. { find findom finsub asianfindom paypig cashslave asiandomme } 
Where is @TulsiGabbard? The only Asian American Pacific Islander in the race? 
“I didn’t know they were Asian” > has it in my bio > my header is my name in Hangul and Hanja > says “we” are not white when talking about Asians What more do I have to do?
LARA JEAN WITH BLACKPINK's KILL THIS LOVE PLAYING IN THE BACKGROUND THIS IS ASIAN EXCELLENCE #PSIStillLoveYou 
I actually find this "Yang VP" stuff insulting. So what, you needed a white face to rep the country whilst the Asian American VP does all the groundwork in the background. The media are salivating at the mouth about it all as it  "where do #yanggang go". It's just gross.
Post #IowaCaucus, in Monmouth poll @BernieSanders leads with 28% of Black, non-white Hispanic + Asian voters. Biden is 2nd with 20%. In Morning Consult poll, Bernie gained 10 pts in support among Black voters - 27% saying they now back  …
If I see Asian women sharing messages to uplift other Asian women, I am unbothered. If I see Hispanic women sharing messages to uplift other Hispanic women, I am unbothered. Do you know how ENTITLED I need to be to kick up a fuss talking about “why not all women???!!”
Damn if Koreans were white all along, what was up with the old white couple who told me and my other Asian friends to leave a restaurant for being Asian in middle school??? It's almost as if... Asians are POC...
IT SAYS THAT BEING AN ASIAN PERSON WHO FUCKING SUCKS UP TO RACISTS IS BAD WHY THE FUCK DOES THIS NEED TO BE SAID 
Tag yourselves, I am "Asian Temptress" 
Anna May Wong was Hollywood’s first Asian-American star. I have this beautiful signed headshot she gave my grandparents, Stella & Eddy. They were all great friends. I joined @margaretcho & @rosalindchao to speak w/ @MoRocca about this legend.  
To the Asian girls who don’t have to shave every last inch of their bodies how does it feel being god’s favourite?
Okay, just an Asian man singing #MyCorona wtf 
So we're gonna have 7 white folks talking about Asian American issues? Give me a f**king break!! How about this. I know an issue you guys can talk about: why was America so racist towards @AndrewYang? Talk about that and maybe I'll listen on in.
I received some pretty ugly messages after promoting lunar new year. Regarding the #Coronavirus and all the fear that is spurring on racism and hate against Asian Americans. • Risk to New Yorkers remains low • There are ZERO cases of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in NYC
Not at a white Native telling me East Asians aren’t PoC because [tokenized friends said this] and [they knew an Asian]
Obsessively fixated and a bit racist. Imagine it! 'His cock would have been small for a black guy. If he was Asian it would have been on the larger side. Since he was white it was just small to average.' That doesn't even cover the projectile breasts later on. SMH.  …
A few years ago, I photographed an array of Indian women's crochet work: >Hidden Museums of Crochet (2018) is a series of artefacts... unearthed and  which reveals the growing pastness of this universal, yet profoundly South Asian, craft. Pic: Fan Cover 
I*ndians get offended when somebody excludes them from the "Asian" category. And same Indians will be racist towards the ppl from their same country who may not look different, speak different or practice a different way of life Even professors are being racist to NE students lol 
NEW EPISODE We chat with artist @stephaniehshih about her ceramic collection of Asian pantry items: how our everyday can be art, connecting to the Asian diaspora and rejecting the visual clichés we see so often in the West ().  …
“I heard someone in the news call the [NY Senate’s] bill to rollback bail reform ‘progressive,’” says @assemblytwright. “You can call it Christmas, but it’s still the same Jim Crow policy.” She also says the Black, Puerto Rican, Hispanic & Asian Caucus firmly opposes rollbacks. 
The Church of England has decided to apologize for racism experienced by "countless black, Asian and minority ethnic people" over the past 70 years 
people in the replies who aren’t even asian deciding that this isn’t racist i-
Some people are reacting to coronavirus by acting like every Asian person they see is infected. @ronnychieng reports:  
Fifty-year-old Asian elephant euthanized by Zurich Zoo. Born in 1969 in Thailand, Maxi was sent to England two years later, where he was displayed in various zoos and a circus. He came to Zurich Zoo in 1981 and remained there ever since. 
We are loosing pangolins very fast than any other animal. Illegal trade because of high demand in East Asian countries vanished half of the total populations. It's time raise our voice for these innocent & important animals for our Healthy wild ecosystem. #WorldPangolinDay  …
Not to mention these jokes and racist antics effect more than just Chinese people. Americans inability to understand the fact that there is more than one Asian country is wow. So to a lot of ignorant people (US has a lot) everyone is Chinese. And even if they are still not ok. 
Yeah,  over my 13+ years shooting MMA, I've gotten kinda chubby esp now that I'm nearly 40. Don't really need you to point it out? I *do* have my own Asian relatives to tell me these things.
Why are we problematizing this?? Sports events are huge, and athletes are constantly meeting new people. I don't think anyone would be calling this out if the 2nd and 3rd place winners weren't Asian American. Corona virus + flu season are valid causes for concern.  …
Asian American valentines look like: Taking your shoes off in the house. Washing the rice properly. Bailing our fam out of detention. WhatsApp text threads. Cut fruit. Loving our melanin. Subscribe to Did You Eat Yet? and we’ll send you some v-day joy!  
15. If she had meant that a "native Catalan", who can apparently be recognised by physical appearance  across an Asian or English or African-looking woman in Sitges or Vic, the logical thing to do, if the aim of the "native Catalan" were 
14. There is a logical problem with the interpretation of Erra's words as being about "non-European" (WTF does that mean nowadays anyway?) or African or Asian looking…
Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions.
I ask for one thing  my senior year. @billieeilish  to prom with me. • I’m 5’8 • 125 lbs on a good day • Asian • I look mean in a turtle neck • But it’d look better with you
The USA is now officially a dictatorship, of the exact type we decry in some African, Asian, Middle Eastern and Communist countries. The path was cleared by the partisan majority in our elected government. The system of checks and balances put in place by the Founders has failed.
it’s not your place to say it’s not, unless you’re all of a sudden Asian. a white person shouldnt say something isn’t racist to black people and a black person shouldn’t try to dictate what’s offensive or not to asians. wth is wrong with you.
I’d love to see an Asian Emmy roundtable! Sandra Oh, Jameela Jamil, Awkwafina, Manny Jacinto, Kumail Nanjiani, Maya Erskin, Kal Penn, Randall Park, Constance Wu, B.D. Wong. There are so many!!!  …
Extra 10:30 am show added for #AlaVaikunthapurramloo in Asian Cine Square #Uppal for tomorrow. @alluarjun 
I see some “senior” Asian  belittling the qualifications of “junior” specialists. This is nonsense. At least in academia the CV required to get a job today is vastly more impressive than it was 10 years ago, let alone 30 or 40 years ago.
U.S. equities rose to records, tracking European and Asian stocks higher, as optimism grew that the global economy can recover from the impact of the coronavirus amid signs the spread of the illness is slowing 
ah yes, the classic non-racist way of calling an Asian player:  
My alma mater @BardAlumni’s Instagram is sharing all the love stories of how alumni found their significant others in college. Meanwhile all I have to show is this depressing viral tweet I made last year that got featured on Shits Academics Say and Subtle Asian Traits. #Winning? 
Though Yang is dropping out now, after an incredible, historic run, he proved that a sizable segment of the US electorate can imagine an Asian American in the White House.  …
My asian parents and birthday’s Me: it’s your birthday let’s go eat somewhere tonight Ba: mmmm no but if your mom wants to go then we can go Me asking mẹ separately: mmmm if your dad wants to go then I’ll go Me, as an intellectual and responding separately: they said yes
“The optics of an Asian American  such widespread support, both in rallies and on social media, signals to aspiring Asian American politicians that there is a pathway for them,” one sociologist said. 
it was racist against black people then and it's racist against Asian people now. same thing
Whichever Asian shorty driving a black Audi just beat me, I was picking a song so that race ain't count
Boris was a British National via descent & citizenship who wasn’t convicted of any charge, there’s a big difference! Foreign born convicts without British citizenship means deportation White, Black & Asian! Stop making this about race for cheap political gain  …
Without Andrew Yang in the race how will Asian kids know they, too, can grow up to perpetuate harmful and damaging stereotypes?
"Perhaps we won’t have to wait another 90 years for a third South Asian American to receive the coveted Newbery Honor?"  …
White people, most of whom likely don't believe in vaccinating their kids, freaking out every time an Asian person coughs is everything that's wrong with white people.
Amazing. The chief judge of the most important federal appeals court will soon be a South Asian superstar, Sri Srinivasan.  …
who will subtle asian traits vote for now that yang is out
Lifesavers needed! Shahera needs an URGENT stem cell transplant. Her family sadly aren’t a match, so we need a real life super hero donor  to the rescue – especially those of south Asian descent for a better chance of a match How to help:  
We are not just another 'Asian face' to be used & forgotten for a diversity campaign We're not just another 'Greta of our country' or 'that Indian activist' We are independant,empowered voices deserving to be heard! We are more than a inclusivity stamp! 
Strange how gammon believe English girls get exploited but asian girls the same age, like Begum, have to bear full responsibility for their actions....
Check out Vintage Antique Tapestry Hand Made Embroidery Burmese Kalaga Asian Wall Art  via 
I am delighted to share some great news with you. The Asian Food Congress & Awards have been most kind and awarded me in the ‘most influential food professionals’ category in a ceremony held at the Taj Lands End in Mumbai. 
This morning’s #COVID19 update: 45,204 cases confirmed (98.8% in Mainland China) and 237 cases in 8 Asian countries. Highest number outside China are the 175 on board the @PrincessCruises Diamond docked in Yokohama. US has 13 cases. There have been 1117 deaths (1068 in Hubei).
Stage 2 of Grief is Anger Fair Warning to those pandering to #YangGang 1. Tell me how your candidate stood up against the #YangMediaBlackout 2. How did you call out the blatant racism towards Yang & other Asian Americans 3. Tell me how your candidate will champion #UBI
PSA: You CANNOT get novel coronavirus from meeting Asian people or from eating Chinese food. Strains of coronavirus have been in US for years w/cold symp. & are detected by BioFire Resp. Panel. They DO NOT detect novel coronavirus. Thank you  to my TedTalk. #DCLS
If there was a middle-aged Asian woman MP who sought to do private illegal deals with a foreign aparthied country, was then sacked but quickly re-instated to Cabinet position without any sanctions, would she face court and/or deportation? If not, why not?
Asian dating sims: elaborate art work  plot and dating chaeacters with their own personality and get to know them American dating sims: you're on a date. Feed your date some sushi without spilling everything
We vote for Jungkook in " 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 "  … #Jungkook #100AsianHeartthrobs2020 
Worried about what mum might say - a young South African black and Asian couple on the challenges of 'meeting the family' 
She was a member of South Korean women's volleyball team for 2018 Asian Games. She didn’t specify what she asked him to send to Jungkook
As a father of two Asian American boys, I just want to say thank you @AndrewYang for being such an inspiring role model for them and example to all Americans that anyone with vision, grit, and great ideas can make a national impact. Only in America! 
He deserves things best. Try your best in "100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020" for Jungkook  … #Jungkook #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク @BTS_twt
#NY14TH this is the video where she lied about @AndrewYang, a father of an autistic child and resident of #NYC. He was the first Asian presidential candidate and he wanted to give everyone $1k per month by taxing Amazon. @AOC lied to support @BernieSanders  …
Ain't NOBODY NO ONE NADA gonna help you on any MAINSTREAM platform, outlet, record label, radio, media etc etc if you make ASIAN/DESI music in the UK. It ain't happening. Just remember that before you decide to dedicate your life to it.x
This is the Vietnamese food hendery posted on Instagram （Kun has recently taken to southeast Asian cuisine）and When hendery went public with Instagram, the first member he followed was kun So he was with kun? 
Very little RESISTANCE in front of @tezos at the moment so be ready guys! Asian markets did their part & now going to bed. Western markets need to take over & take $XTZ higher guys! Don't forget $10 $XTZ Beach Party will be in beautiful Da Nang, Vietnam later this year! 
Just another evening of classy football fun for @andresiniesta8. Truly out of this world via those delicious @visselkobe passes. Mesmerizing @35 years young & still, the Best Midfielder in the World. Only, in the Asian Champions League. #ACL2020 
Part 2 of Burgeoning Asian bio weapons is out..we spent the last 2-3 weeks on these vids and I think they came out pretty good! edge and I both had to push our skills for this and try new things..we leveled up fur sure! It’s all about personal growth..Hope you all like it!  …
Vote for Ten 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Cha Eun Woo vs Ten | Starmometer  …
how similar are we? 10% black hair 10% pisces 10% multi stan 10% loves sport 10% never went to concert 10% older than 16 years old 10% asian 10% loves bts 10% always crying 10% owns an album
*NEW* H1veM1nd Vid Burgeoning Asian Bioweapons, SARS & Wuhan Coronavirus Check it out! Watch the full vid here:  
Asian guys hypocrisy is on a whole other level. This guy at work said "Astaghfirullah" because he assumed I go clubbing based on my music taste. Few mins later I asked him what made him think it's clubbing music and he says he's heard it in....clubs???
Asian parents just won’t give  if someone can do better than you.
. @Ebuka tweeted about the most expensive brand of coffee selling at N115, 000 in Lagos Had to google "Kopi luwak" It is the defecation of an animal called 'Asian palm civet' And I have to ask, what are people taking into their system for an outrageous sum? 
Dans to all the boys I’ve loved before les sœurs se ressemblent mm pas un ptit peu they were like “ooh asian” et c t fini you’re blood related
Opening night of #WutheringHeights @rxtheatre - my 1st experience here in Hobson’s Choice was empowering. A proud moment to be apart of its 1st South Asian cast. But this show breaks the mould. Here we are just actors who’s differences make up the world we live in. Big & team 
It is a shame that BJP has increased fuel taxes and  failed to pass on the benefits to  man. Diesel in India is more expensive than any other South-Asian country. 
Stop using Little Mix to gain popularity. Give them what they deserve. They are the biggest girl group in uk and currently the world's biggest girlband and yet they didn't even get nominated this year and they not won the BEST GROUP CATEGORY. #brits #Brits2019 #BRITs  …
Domestic equities extended their rally to the second day on Wednesday, tracking gains in Asian markets, on hopes that the worst of the coronavirus in China may have passed.  from the government and some encouraging data from RBI also helped the sentiments
Year 2050 - Leader of the Indian Republic HH Yogi Adityanath Maharaj inaugurates Vedic Chhath Puja celebrations at the Martand Suryadev temple. Heads of State of South Asian countries as well as representatives from over 150 countries were present along with 20 lakh people.
After Andrew Yang ended his Democratic presidential campaign on Tuesday night, many experts said his run was a culturally significant moment for Asian Americans.  - @NBCAsianAmerica
We are #hiring! We are looking for a #research associate in #intercultural #AI #ethics. If you are knowledgable and interested in human-AI ecosystems and European and East Asian cultures, we want to know! Please do share this #job opportunity  …
#TWFeatures: Starting off as champions in Step Up 2016, honing gold from UAAP Streetdance Junior Division and down to the most recent performance as a qualifier for the Asian Hip-hop 2020 in Hong Kong—this team still manages to bring home the bacon.  …
What is this!!!????? She's actually telling it like it is...from one Asian to another.  …
TOP 5 most popular asian sports teams ranked by total interactions on #instagram during january 2020! 1. @PersepolisFC 18,3M 2. @mipaltan 17,5M 3. @RCBTweets 13,6M 4. @Persija_Jkt 11,0M 5. @persib 
Thailand Volleyball Association assures that the #COVID19 scare will not affect Thailand’s efforts of staging the Asian Senior Beach Volleyball Championship that kicks-off 12-16 Feb 2020. 
[VOTING] ATINY! TOP TEN ASIAN AWARDS FINAL VOTING has officially started! Please RT and VOTE for ATEEZ everyday until Feb 25.  @ATEEZofficial #ATEEZ #에이티즈 #エイティーズ 
. @OfficialJohor only won match in the #ACL last year, but it was against Japan's @atlrs_official, then defending Asian champions. Can JDT repeat that result tonight against @visselkobe? 
As much as NH  sucked, for every 3 NH voters who supported the former Vice-President of the United States, there was 1 NH voter who supported the Asian man who likes math.
The Church of England has decided to apologize for racism experienced by "countless black, Asian and minority ethnic people" over the past 70 years 
i joked to my now husband on our first date about him being with asian girls and he looked at me really confused and said, "what? you're the only asian girl i've ever gone out with." for years i assumed white guys who were into me were only into me bc they had asian fetishes.
Happy #PSIStillLoveYou release day ♡ I love this series with my whole heart and soul. From one asian girl to another, thank you @jennyhan for creating something so wonderful — always and forever, 
Asian Le Mans Series will be racing at SIC for their first night race - the 4 Hours of Sepang! Race starts 5pm on Saturday 15th February. FREE ENTRANCE to Main Grandstand #4HSepang #AsianLeMans 
Some good news for Indians India's economic growth is bouncing back as the slump bottoms out, with a projected growth of 6% in the 2020-21 fiscal year, making the South Asian country the fastest growing economy in the world.  …
#GirlWomanOther: 'They would be a voice in theatre where there was silence/ black and Asian women's stories would get out there/ they would create theatre on their own terms/ it became  motto: On Our Own Terms or Not At All.' Mz Evaristo #TheatreofBlackWomen 
Thanks to Parasite, we have so many amazing lists of  Asian movies. But I didn't see any mention of the 2005 Japanese film, "Linda, Linda, Linda" It's an amazing movie and The Blue Hearts is an amazing band that needs more love outside Japan. 
Tip for Asian authors of fiction wishing to be published in the West. Arrange your narrative around at least one of these themes: slums, poverty & caste — and how key characters in your novel are successfully  grave odds. Do NOT mention startups, isro or software. EVER.
Crews are using huge nets to round up Asian carp in a Kentucky reservoir. It's a new front in a 15-year battle to rein in the invasive fish. Federal and state agencies have spent roughly $607 million to stop the carp and say fight may never end. 
Following the modifications of the WEC calendar and the clash of the Austin with the Buriram of Asian LeMans series, D'station Racing had to find a replacement for Ross Gunn. The team is delighted to  Tom Gamble for this last round. #AsianLeMans #AsLMS 
The little Asian lady who threads my eyebrows has started giving me sweets when I leave and saying I have the longest lashes she’s seen on a boy hahaha. Not sure if I’m being groomed or what at this stage but I’m all for the free stuff
Dear @AndrewYang, I’m honored to be a part of the first Asian-American Democratic presidential campaign. You have changed the conversation for the better and educated millions on the root of this country’s problems. Much love to you, Evelyn & your beautiful family. #YangGang4Life
do you like me or are you just fetishizing asian women
me: I’m an asian latinx mua brands: me: brands: 
Thank you @AndrewYang for running such a hard fought and spirited campaign that is forward thinking and putting humanity first. You are a pioneer in the Asian American political narrative, and an inspiration for all young Americans.  …
Omg yes..asian would already grabbing the cloth and water spray and start cleaning so that we dont get caught
Average Brent Price for Jan20 was $62.44 & Feb20 was $63.77. PMLN signed contracts that we will buy LNG at fixed % of Brent. So @13.37% of Brent. LNG(DES) price  $8.35 for Jan & $8.53 for Feb while Asian Spot Price is $2.5-$3 which is what INDIA bought at. Give full Info.  
To every news network that actively ignored Andrew Yang, know that you  in the re-election of Donald Trump. To every "woke" Asian journalists/networks/public figures who gaslit Andrew Yang for minority jokes, know you are  in your own bamboo ceiling.
"At a time when the White House is codifying xenophobia into policy and the 24-hour news cycle is fomenting anti-Asian paranoia stateside, I'll take Parasite's win as a small one for me, too." @inkookang writes about the importance of #Parasite's 
"well her spirit is Asian-American" is BDE  …
13/ If Hong Kong fails to seal its borders to stem the spread, the city is doomed to be sealed by the rest of the world. The economic loss will be immense for this Asian financial hub. Therefore, I urge Carrie Lam to answer the people’s call and close our border crossings.
To the political pundits saying keep an eye on POC votes in the later states, I say look at what happened in Iowa. Three satellite caucuses with majority Black, Latino, and Asian Iowans broke 99% for @BernieSanders.  – at Masjid An Noor
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – #Jungkook vs Peck Palitchoke  … via @starmometer Please vote for #JK in this nomination, refresh, voting is unlimited. #방탄소년단정국 #정국 @BTS_twt
Funny how people being kpop anti and Korean thing in general until Parasite wins Oscar and suddenly  up with ‘Asian’ claims
“It was the first American network show in over 20 years to center an Asian-American family’s experience” @ConstanceWu on how meaningful @FreshOffABC is to fans 
I’m not even gonna get started on how he framed his whole shtick on him being a caricature of “I’m a smart asian from silicon valley” stereotypes, pandering to the kevin demographic through the use of the corporate Asian American media and the yelp Asians who swoon for boba.
Some Asian buyers are asking for less Saudi crude as the coronavirus erodes demand 
If you're a Yang supporter and you're feeling crushed tonight, I just want to encourage you: You got every country in the world to see a candidate for POTUS who advocated a UBI. Not only that, you got an Asian man to the debate stage longer than any other POC - it's historic. 1/2
The Church of England has decided to apologize for racism experienced by "countless black, Asian and minority ethnic people" over the past 70 years. 
chris has been into asian food big time 
It must hurt their ego so bad that an  surpassed bc they have the most successful asian artist ever ( @BTS_twt ) who outsold the legendary first  embarrassing
It's an Asian encounter at the Fortress tonight as the Blues  Paro FC in the second leg of a Preliminary Stage Two @AFCCup 2020 clash. Be there! Tickets:  #BFCvPFC #WeAreBFC 
CNN's Van Jones: Andrew Yang "may wind up being a much more significant voice than we recognize tonight. And also he broke a color barrier — he's an Asian American guy and now that's a thing. You saw a lot of young Asians getting involved" 
Asian markets rise despite media hype about coronavirus.  …
Asian Americans deadass have the easiest names and yet the @nytimes could only spell Buttigeig & Kloubachar  …
has anyone else ever been like: me: i love calum hood person: who? me: from 5sos, the one that looks asian me: but he isnt asian
If you like Parasite, here’s a list of Asian cinema you should be checking out. 
I’m so bummed I didn’t get to vote @AndrewYang since my primary is so far away. My 2nd time voting couldve been for the first Asian American nominee. It wouldve meant the world to me. Thank you everyone for volunteering your asses off and donating. This is just the beginning
 though because his policies were trash and his shtick was anti Asian. I discussed this with @samueldkao and 
Andrew Yang paved the way when no one had set foot on the path before. I hope he inspires some incredible people to follow in his lead, especially amongst the 
You’ve inspired this Asian American as well as many others from all races and all walks of life. Looking forward to what you have in store for us.
THIS IS WHAT I WAS TALKING ABOUT LAST TIME THAT I TWEETED ABOUT THE 2 WOMEN THAT APPROACHED ME AT SCHOOL!!! I HAVE ENCOUNTERED THESE 2 ASIAN WOMEN LIKE 3 times and the 4th time she saw me she pointed at me and was like “heyyy!!! I remember you!!”!!!! OMG BE SAFE OUT THERE  …
“The optics of an Asian American  such widespread support, both in rallies and on social media, signals to aspiring Asian American politicians that there is a pathway for them,” one sociologist said. 
Mass Vote Tonight 10h00 PM KST, I want to open a Mass vote for Jungkook at " 100 Asian Heartthrobs" of Starmometer. Hope we can vote more at that time. Link vote:  … #Jungkook #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク 
With Yang out, Warren to announce she's the only Asian in the race
I walk into the elevator and see an asian dude on his phone Me: "yo I like your hairstyle" Him: "oh sorry i dont speak Chinese" Me: LMFAO WHAT??
Andrew Yang suspending his campaign has left me feeling strange and confused And I think it's because this is the first time I've witnessed white people being better at something than an Asian person
SON OF A B**SH. Merch is here!!! My asian dad...in shirt form. Link below! 
. @AndrewYang suspended his campaign tonight, but I think this remains true. The #YangGang shifted the Overton Window in some big ways: UBI, Asian-American candidates, bipartisanship, evidence-based policy, math/science, and more. A landmark run. #NHPrimary2020  …
Ah yes because if there’s one thing that we should do to mark the end of an Asian-American candidate’s campaign, it’s make juvenile racist jokes about his surname.  …
Growing up in Oklahoma in a small town as one of the only Asian kids in my school, not being understood  home sad, Earthbound made me connect to Ness. I was Ness. He was my hero. He fought & found friends in each town but always had his roots. I treasured that adventure.
As an ethnically Chinese person who identifies as neither mainland Chinese nor Asian-American, can I just say I dislike both your 'China eats bats' and 'China is awesome' takes
My vote is for @PeteButtigieg, but I do have to say seeing an Asian-American represented in this Presidential race has been nothing short of inspirational. Thank you, @AndrewYang & #YangGang, for showing  that we can reach great heights in this country too.
lmfao when I was learning to cook from my mom my notebook just read “the ingredients are THIS, and the order in which the ingredients go into the pot is THIS”. That was it. Asian mother cooking is just “aiyah just agar-agar can already”  …
Much love to @AndrewYang . You started much needed conversations and made the American dream a reality for a whole new generation of Asian-Americans who now know that they too can run for the President of the United States.
Proud to say that we @FungBros @andrewjfung had the very first Andrew Yang media interview 18 months ago. Its been a hell of a run. Whether you saw him as the "free money math guy" or "Asian dude w/ new ideas" or both - its clear he left an impact on US society & will continue to
Had to get one last Asian joke in huh 
Yang ends presidential bid... Warren now confirms she is the only Asian American running for president against Rich old white men.  …
There's obviously a historic nature in Yang as an Asian American, but I hate that reductive identity view. He built a national campaign w/an innovative meme/Youtube outreach strategy and gave life to a national discourse around UBI no other could. That's his real 2020 legacy.
pretty bummed to hear Andrew Yang dropped out of the race. as an Asian American, I thought Yang did a lot for Asian representation. Representation means everyone, and that includes people with bad ideas.
Yang drops out of 2020 race as New Hampshire results roll in. @AndrewYang went from running his campaign out of his mother's apartment to raising $16.5m in 4th quarter of 2019. An dammmnn incredible run. Thx for engaging Asian Americans in politix. Thx for being nice  …
As an Asian American who also ran for federal office, I know how hard and painful it can be at times. So much admiration for #AndrewYang. Congrats on an outstanding campaign! #NHprimary2020 #USA
I met Andrew Yang early on in his campaign and later had a chance to speak to him about progressive issues pertinent to the  I salute him for rallying and empowering so many Asian Americans.  …
With Kamala Harris and Andrew Yang out, the remaining AAPI candidate in the Dem race is Tulsi Gabbard Yang's catchphrase: “The opposite of Donald Trump is an Asian man who likes math!”
Dear @AndrewYang: You ran a spirited campaign. Thank you for representing Asian Americans on the Democrats’ debate stage. We  the #YangGang with open arms.
BREAKING: Andrew Yang is suspending his presidential campaign. The entrepreneur and basic  advocate got further than any previous Asian American candidate for president.  …
You are dead if you got asian mom
Proud to be Asian. 
sheith but it's done like an east asian drama - accidental kiss - blushing over holding hands - "you can speak to me casually" - "please call me by my first name!!" - awkward misunderstandings - accidentally seeing each other half naked - overly-involved parents
Asian Doll - YIKES REMIX  via @YouTube
Bahamian men apologizing: “You finish freaking yourself out yet?”
#ULAN starring the Best Actress of her generation #NadineLustre, film written & directed by Irene Villamor will be 1 of 28 films shown at the very first Copenhagen Asian Film Festival. Be there on Feb 15th and see this masterpiece. Congrats to all participating films. 
Asian guys hairlines after when you hit 18+  …
if that advert was made by British marketeers, the blonde white family would be a mixed race couple with a chinese child in a headscarf stood next to two men holding hands (1 black 1 asian) & at least 50% of the cast would have physical disabilities
Told my Asian friend to bring wok to the party, this not what I meant 
The Church of England has decided to apologize for racism experienced by "countless black, Asian and minority ethnic people" over the past 70 years 
Someone just pointed out that Asian American stories are in right now, and that my book Turning Japanese would make a good movie. So if there are any scouts or other movie makers reading this tweet right now, I'm ready to talk!
hey yall im in my fav restaurant in chinatown rn and it's usually at least a 15 min wait and packed and today theres only 7 tables....... pls do your local asian businesses a favor and pay them a visit. racism will drive them out of business. thank u
@CBSNews is RACIST against the only Asian American candidate! It's not just CBS. So many of them! We need to call it out now, #YangGang! We cannot wait any longer. This is a racism issue. If we don't fight back, they think promoting the whites while erasing the Asian guy is OK!
Watching white supremacy's performance of solidarity with Hong Kong  racialised fearmongering over coronavirus was a real-time demonstration of opportunistic racism. It doesn't care about Asian people - just how we can be useful in mainstreaming hate.
Maybe if you stopped stereotyping Asian people and realized that most SOUTH-EAST, MIDDLE EAST, AND CENTRAL Asia have predominated tanned/darker skin Asians, then youd  up with a better response :) oh but wait I forgot, all Asians are yellow, haha.  …
Something to remember as we recognize #AAPIEqualPay Day: Asian American and Pacific Islanders include 50+ different ethnic subgroups. The wage gap can be drastically different for women in each of  all deserve equal pay. So let's finally pass it.
At long last, I have written an article about CAMBODIAN ROCK BAND. My favorite part was when @laurendyee talks about how to write about experiences outside of your own. Also, the Asian excellence in those photos!  …
I think often about this passage from the great Maxine Hong Kingston's TRIPMASTER MONKEY, wherein the Chinese American narrator is looking at other Asian Americans' hair. It's worth remembering this when you write. 
Asian twitter pls go to sleep for goodness sake  …
I understand that Asian Americans feel "culturally homeless", but at some point, they need to realize that that's not the same as actually living in the homeland where people suffer from either the consequences or ongoing presence of imperialism.  …
If you expect me to be an Asian guy that sucks up to white people, please unfollow me. I’m not here for that and you won’t like my tweets or opinions either.
Asian brooms feel like they use conditioner
“Extraordinary” — what Asian restaurants may aspire to, ⁦ @chezpim⁩ has unapologetically achieved at Nari. There is *so* much to read into this stunning review by ⁦ @tejalrao⁩. (Glad I already got a res for this  …
Division is alive and well in Parliament. We have the disgusting fact that Black MP are only interested in Black issues. Never do Black MP `s Stand in support of the oppressed white race. Not a single black or Asian MP has said a single word about the Grooming gangs abusing kids
I hope Asian people drooling over Roti Patel because it filled their wayward, delusional fantasy of what representation means will now apologise for making such shit analogies.  …
For the significance of natural stone/rock in East Asian tradition, like the one in #Parasite, this short essay by me might be of interest to you  
#SouthKorea and #Japan have both shown great support for China amid the ongoing novel #coronavirus pneumonia outbreak, which many Chinese citizens hailed as a sign of the deepening friendship of the three East Asian countries.  
If you make a living writing for NYT or CNN or NBC or whatever else u don't get to say that you care about Asians. You only care about yourself and what being Asian means for you as an individual person.
Asian American journalists who write for liberal news are actual demons. U make an entire living off of peddling empire propaganda, spreading lies about your own ppl in the motherland, then u spew buzzwords and bullshit about "PoC pride" to make up for it. Get outta here.
It’s okay to be white. It’s okay to be black. It’s okay to be Asian. It’s okay to be Native American. It’s okay to be female. It’s okay to be male. It’s okay to be gay. It’s okay to be straight. It’s okay to be YOU. Invest your fucking Fractaline.
They really think mocking Sudanese/African people is cute, all the while they got African/Asian slaves working for them under abuse.  …
@BTS_twt living legends, they're not a trend they're here to stay, biggest asian act of all time and biggest group in the world did that
how much are we alike? 10% has black/really dark eyes 10% is bilingual 10% is single 10% is jimin biased 10% has dyed hair 10% is from an asian country 10% stanned bts in 2017 10% has a pet cat 10% shorter than 5’3 10% introverted
If anyone watched Parasite and wants another good East Asian movie with deep themes, here's my list: * Pokémon: The First Movie: Mewtwo Strikes Back
700k tickets sold in North American tour in a week...add up 4 Seoul concert th...1 million tickets sells from 20 shows.... Remember Japan and European leg is remaining... More Asian and south American dates yet to be added The attendance of this tour gonna keep some jaws drop...
Job opening: Lecturer in Literary/Classical Tibetan Language. Department of East Asian Languages & Cultures, Columbia University. 
so I’ve launched my business  ) that teaches you how to make drinks at home. All Asian inspired, all delicious. Stay wholesome at home this year and drink at home. I’d appreciate the support. It’s pretty neat. thank you. 
Asian American women earn as little as $.50 for every $1 a white man makes doing the same job. That pay gap means it's harder to afford healthcare and groceries, hurting families  The House already passed #PacycheckFairness. It's time the Senate acts! #AAPIEqualPay
“The most important part of the story for me is being able to represent  It’s creating a space for Asian-Americans to tell their story and have a [Cinderella] moment.” @lanacondor via @Refinery29  …
I’ll never forget a racist encounter I had at an Asian-owned beauty supply store near my crib. The owner asked me if my MCM bag was fake (???) and I was like no... he said “oh your people love the replica bags” I said “yeah but your people make them” 
PUBG and Overwatch have strong Asian support in Korea, India/Japan in mobile, but they are not the talk of the town in America. gaming in the west rn is dominated by Fortnite, CSGO, Call of Duty, Apex, R6 - ALL of which for multiple reasons have mostly failed to take off in Asia
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be hispanic its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be gay its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it is NEVER okay to think J Cole has a good song
Here’s my Asian brother from another mother, Way Quoe Long. He has been in prison since 1996 for non-violent marijuana crimes. That’s over 24 years for not harming a single person and selling a plant that has never caused a single overdose fatality in all of human history. 
Crossfire the biggest FPS in China is making a billion dollars a year and westerners have no clue about it. Sudden Attack is closer to many Korean gamers hearts than PUBG or Overwatch. there's a massive opportunity to bring together western and Asian FPS players with Project Ares
When women are discriminated against, it costs them and their families. In my state, Asian American and Pacific Islander women still earn only 80 cents for every dollar paid to a white man. It is truly shameful this kind of discrimination still exists. 
Asian American women get paid $0.90 to as low as $0.50 for every dollar white men make. This is unacceptable. The Senate needs to pass the #PaycheckFairness Act to help close the gender gap, and ensure ALL women receive #EqualPay. #AAPIEqualPay
being Chinese American makes Cathy Yan the first Asian American woman to direct a superhero movie. she was very invested in bullshit-proofing Harley’s Chinatown apartment:  … 
Many* of these American/Canadian artists went to Korea to pursue a career since our music industry has so little space for Asian-American stars, and we should all cheer on not only  together for this series but also each of their individual careers.  …
Laos may start accepting deportations of Hmong & Lao Americans, so people with removal orders should talk to a lawyer ASAP. Unclear why the Trump Administration continues to target Southeast Asian  Resources organized by state:   …
Me too! Couldn’t agree more. And we need to see more on Latino and Asian voters as well.
#BirdsOfPrey star @ellajaybasco may be young, but she is set to  a leader in the movement of Asian American representation in Hollywood.  …
  50+ ethnic subgroups speaking 100+ languages & dialects. The pay gap varies widely  For example, while the average Asian American woman makes $0.90 to a white man’s $1.00, Nepalese women make just $0.50. #NotYourModelMinority 
Today marks AAPI Equal Pay Day, which is the day that Asian American and Pacific Islander women finally catch up to what their non-Hispanic white male counterparts earned in 2019. It's on us to redouble our efforts to pass legislation to ensure equal pay. #AAPIEqualPay
“im wilding out when i get to college” asian girl starter pack 
Sad but prob true. "By pivoting away from the US toward China, President Duterte is showing the world that an explicitly anti-China alliance under US leadership will fail & that Southeast Asian countries, even American allies, can accept an illiberal Sino-centric regional order."  …
Asian American and Pacific Islander women on average have to work an extra month and a half to earn what white men make in a single year. It’s long past time we pass the Paycheck Fairness Act to help level the playing field for all working women. #AAPIEqualPay
A big happy birthday to @gang4610 who I had assumed was Asian for the better part of 2019.  …
ASIAN ART SHARE this is for my fellow asian and islander artists! » share a selfie » share your shop links » interact w other artists, dont just drop & go » make friends & be kind! LETS GO
a) lament, on behalf of Christ's Church, and apologises for the conscious and unconscious racism experienced by countless Black, Asian and minority ethnic (BAME) Anglicans in 1948 and subsequent years, when seeking to find a spiritual home in their local Church of England parish
#BirdsOfPrey breakout Ella Jay Basco carries torch for new generation of Asian American representation  …
Amazing Karakoram, Pakistan This High Altitude region crowns the South Asian countries #Pakistan #travel #tourism @pid_gov #GilgitBaltistan #CPEC #landscape #snow 
Well, sometimes you mean black, Latino, Native and Asian. Many times you do not. If you mean black, use black.
did people forgets its racist to be making fun of asian names for sounding like english words when asian immigrants usually have to pick an "american name" to be treated respectfully and have more opportunities here...
The asian in me cannot go to somebody’s home empty handed
Asian did a freestyle to Yikes and so did Maliibu and yet the Shaderoom only posts the disrespectful ass white girl. Ain’t y’all for the culture?
Lmao I’m Asian and someone was telling me I’m white on this bird app
what if fifi brindacier was asian 
Two-day meeting between the EU & Southeast Asian partners The EU & ASEAN  to upgrading our relations: Strengthening rules-based multilateralism Climate action Increasing trade Tackling global/regional security challenges Read more:  
Asian women top tier and imma keep saying it lol
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be hispanic its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be gay its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it is NEVER okay to listen to Russ
The performative “ugh this is so weird and gross lol” a lot of people do when interacting with foreign food (especially Asian foods fme) is so fucking annoying
Ever since folks pointed out that almost all Asian girls in western media have arbitrary highlights in their hair to make them fake-interesting it's the first thing I look for and all I can see.  …
It's ok to be Black It's ok to be White It's ok to be Latino It's ok to be Asian It's ok to be Native It's ok to be Christian It's ok to be Atheist It's ok to be Muslim It's ok to be Wiccan It's ok to be LGBTQ+ It's ok to be Straight It's Not ok to put ketchup on ice cream
a true privilege to talk with @beeecyu for this @GENmag piece on Asian American literature, which includes the voices of so many faves  …
Spoke with a bunch of writers about the great wave of Asian American excellence in books and what the idea of the Asian American writer even means.  …
Kopi Luwak is processed by an animal, the Asian palm civet. Basically they injest the fresh coffee cherries and excrete them which is then collected and spearated from the faeces. The palm civet is one of the animals known to be carriers of the coronavirus.  …
Such an honor to talk with Brandon Yu & @genmag for this piece—along with so many Asian American writers I admire and adore ( @alexanderchee! @mirajacob! @nicolesjchung! @jiatolentino! Ling Ma!)  …
in the wise words of sandra oh: it’s just an honor to be asian  …
Dropped this list yesterday! If you're looking for books by South Asian authors, here are a ton of titles. (Teachers, librarians, book reviewers, producers -- plenty of information on this grid for you!)  …
Shout out to these sweet New Hampshire voters opening their doors to this canvasser and seeing an Asian person for the first time!!!! #BernieForNH
It could be just me, but I doubt it. It's like a virus, hundreds of Asian Twitter users all followed me last night & this morning; most with no or few followers. None with profiles. I blocked a ton, but they  Anyone else? 
ICYMI, I wrote about the Academy’s legacy of ignoring actors of Asian descent.  …
We are keenly introducing our Honorable Guest Speaker for #Sada_e_KashmirConference Mr.Raja Ghulam Mustafa Azad Khan Who is Ex Candidate Legislative Assembly AJK,Ex Senior member of @UN for social/public awareness & Former vice president of Asian graduates in England & Scotland. 
Today on MAKE ME OVER from @RememberThisPod: Over 80 years ago, Merle Oberon became the first Asian actress to be nominated for an Oscar. This got no press, by design: Merle was using extreme cosmetics to hide her ethnicity. @halleybondy tells her  …
Sanders also leads among people of color (Black/Hispanic/Asian/other) in the Monmouth poll (v Jan 2020 poll). Biden dropped 14 ppts v last month: Sanders: 28% 2 Biden: 20% 14 Bloomberg: 12% 4 Warren: 11% (-) Buttigieg: 8% 7 Yang: 8% 6 Klobuchar: 1% 3 Gabbard: 1% 1
i was so angry when people tried to cancel him for those lyrics, it was so obvious that americans only wanted him to be the wacky asian man who danced for their amusement
The US @StateDept unveiled its new strategy for Central Asia for the next 5 years with an objective to advance economic development, security, and sovereignty of Central Asian countries as a way to stabilize the region and promote peace. (Thread)  …
the way all the white quote tweets are just laughter and all the black and asian ones are people saying that this girl probably doesn’t season her food is v telling
Vote for @mtuan93 for the 2020 100 Asian Heartthrob battle round. Unlimited voting. @GOT7Official #GOT7  …
Lucas is currently nominated for the 2020 Asian Heartthrobs and  in a battle round! Voting is unlimited and the deadline is February 17, 2020 at 10:00pm HKG/TPE time.  …
Facts: On a per-student basis, State funding for CUNY senior colleges has fallen 21% in the last decade, adjusted for inflation. 45% of undergrads are 1st-gen students; 80% of CUNY students are Black, Latinx or Asian. @CarlHeastie @AndreaSCousins: #FundCUNYNow  …
The  has allowed me to build a network of Asian American ecologists that I haven’t encountered IRL. This collab with @LMSegui is borne out of our shared experiences of being #WomenInSTEM & #AsAm in ecology. I hope you give it a read!  …
Since everyone just realized that Asian cinema exists, here’s a thread of my favorite Indian filmmakers. I’m not at all qualified to discuss non-Hindi language directors, please leave suggestions and I’ll add to the thread!
The whole world is celebrating asian representation because of the success of Parasite in film and BTS in music, the whole world except Kpop stans which is so ironic and weird.
I think out of respect for the fact that Dante Basco was the only Asian voice actor in Avatar/Korra, they gotta bring him back for live action show somehow. Maybe a cameo or a new side character or something
Looks like Dorylia Orini is having at every Asian’s household  …
“As one of SNL’s openly gay and the only Asian American cast member, [Bowen Yang] is boldly moving visibility forward." Yang will receive the Equality Award at the  @HRC North Carolina Dinner. Exclusive by @trilbyberesford via  …
Today is #AAPIEqualPay Day when Asian women’s pay catches up to what white, non-Hispanic men made in 2019. An Asian woman starting her career today stands to lose $240,280 to the wage gap over a 40-year career — a gap that varies  of AAPI women. 
The Asian Football Confederation has postponed all cup matches due to be played in East Asia until April because of concerns over coronavirus. In full  
Denkhun Ngamnet will be paired up with award-winning Filipino actress, Nadine Lustre. A new pairing for a new series! Denkhun & Nadine are both winners at the Asian Academy Creative Awards as Thailand's Best…  …
 to a head with the Coronavirus, and the spillover is forcing Asian Americans to confront racism in a way we're not used to – head on. I wrote about how it's an opportunity to exercise our self-respect and solidarity muscles:  …
Ppl be forgetting Asian is also considered poc
Just taking a moment to thank everyone not Korean, or even Asian, rooting for Parasite to he recognized to do well the Oscars. I know a 10 year old me who was trying so hard to hide my differences as a minority would have appreciated it, and you're doing it for the kids today.
PARASITE AND BTS IN ONE SENTENCE IS SO FVCKING POWERFUL I LOVE ASIAN REPRESENTATIONS! 
The same rules apply for white european immigrants who sell drugs in this country too. It is nothing to do with race. Black/White/Asian all have the same deportation rules.
I will call out Bloomberg on race-basing anti-gun policies the same way I called out Yang for saying white people will shoot up Asian churches because of the rise of China In America, we target criminals not law-abiding citizens
Hey @RobWittman—I’m an Asian American in your district Why do you smile at us & praise our cultures—but vote against us? Your vote to block the Voting Rights Act devastates Asian Americans who struggle w/English Im running for Congress to stop this harm  
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be hispanic its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be gay its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it is NEVER okay to chew with your mouth open.
Please help vote for Guanlin in the 100 Asian Heartthrobs Battle Round if you can!  …
black & asian
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Taeyong vs Mark Tuan  … Vote for Taeyong on Starmometer #NCT #SuperM #태용 #TAEYONG @NCTsmtown @SuperM
Fathers within the  need to be more affectionate with their daughters- call her sweet names, make the effort to talk to her about her feelings, support her as she  a woman, etc. الحمد لله for our wonderful fathers but we need to see more of this
Fun part of having a Russian name is that Russians wanna know why I don’t “look Russian.” Everyone else wants to know why my name isn’t “Asian.” I want a geographic answer—is Russia in Asia, Europe, or neither; what does it mean to look Russian F it. I’ll just learn Russian
Just released - Scotish Pariament finds that #FacialRecognition “discriminate[s] against females, and those from black, Asian and ethnic  there would be no justifiable basis for Police Scotland to invest in this technology.”  
The first Asian-American woman to direct a superhero film opens up to @MelissaLeo about giving Harley Quinn the crazy-fun movie she 
I make fun of everyone in the world. White, black, Asian, Indian, Christian, Muslim, Hindi, gay, straight, and bicycle riders. The most triggered are vegans.
The Philippines will participate in the ff AVC tournaments: Asian Men’s Club Champ. April 18-25 Asian Women’s Club Champ. May 2-9 Asian Women’s U19 Champ. June 22-29 AVC Cup for Men Aug 22-29 Asian Women’s U17 Champ. Sept 5-12 AVC Cup for Women Sept 19-26. Source: AVC 
In Opinion "The 'Parasite' victory has nothing to do with Asian-American representation," writes Walter Chaw. "This is merely Hollywood recognizing, very belatedly, South Korea’s amazing film industry — which has been making superlative films for decades." 
What's depressing, is checking out the profile of a seemingly staunch anticolonial Asian, then finding out they're literally a tankie/ethno-nationalist/some other kind of selectively woke, conspiracy theory-obsessed nutjob with a penchant for lateral violence.
Being asian-american doesn't give you a pass to be a cultural gatekeeper over someone whose positionality places them geographically, culturally and socially closer to the realities and milieu these films are created in. There's nothing wrong with a list of fave Asian-made films.
Singapore ranked most liveable city for Asian expats for 15th year  …
13th Asian Women's U17 Volleyball Championship Host City: Nakhon Pathom, Thailand Dates: September 5-12, 2020 15 Teams: (Tentative) Australia China Japan South Korea Hong Kong Indonesia India Iran Kazakhstan Malaysia Macau New Zealand The Philippines Chinese Taipei Thailand 
nasa: brooms will stand on their own today brooms from west african, west indian and asian households: 
Asian Men's Club Volleyball Championship 2020 Host City: Nakhon Ratchasima Dates: April 18-25, 2020 14 Teams: (Tentative) Australia China Japan South Korea Philippines Hong Kong Iran Kazakhstan Qatar Chinese Taipei Sri Lanka Vietnam Thailand (2 teams) 
India will be leading the global conservation efforts, and will be moving to include the Asian Elephant & the Great Indian Bustard in the list of species that merit heightened conservation measures at the 13th Conference of Parties (COP)  …
I'M SO PROUD OF OUR DEAD BOIS. khalil in osaka asian film festival and vance nominated for best actor in a supporting role i love you, @vance_larena 
We're looking for a South East Asian artist for a small  game. It's about villages in java in the 13th century! We're after someone with great landscape skills to bring these islands to life! If that's your jam, reply with your portfolio. Please share! #ArtistsofSEA
S. Korea advises citizens not to travel to Malaysia, Singapore and four other Asian countries   …
Cardiff University is the fourth university (along with Warwickshire, Coventry, and York) to release a statement condemning anti-Chinese and anti-Asian racism and discrimination following the coronavirus outbreak.  …
A love story for your Valentine’s Day run up. Born Free and Blasian: The Documentary on BBC World Service looks at black & Asian love post-apartheid. Presented by the best @meghamohan, produced by me, and starring:  …
asian kids are forced into careers that they don't want bc our parents have been abused by exploitative managers for decades. they can't quit bad jobs because their entire family legal status is on the line. suddenly their kid says they want to be an artist?
i forgot to mention, i became an american citizen yesterday after 18 years. yes, 18 years. i feel like asian americans need to have like, an honest conversation about how "tiger moms" exist because of how uniquely cruel the immigration system is to asian work visa holders
There’s no shortage of threats in the Southeast Asian seas. So why aren’t residents buying maritime patrol aircraft?  
We are happy to announce that we  back into the ASIA region with a 6Mans server once again! For all Asian gamers, please head over to  or join the Discord server and follow the prompts to start playing!  
Jhope on Weverse ARMY: This news should be spread more!! (A news the fans of Jhope donated 1460 face masks to Gwangju City) Jhope: *because of coronavirus, there are lots of ‘shortage of face mask’ in Asian countries 
So disrespectful in so many ways. This isn't @TMZ's first racist incident with Asian people, even specifically with K-pop stars. Also, as if artists like BTS and A.C.E have nothing better to do than translate? So disgraceful. 
Sending love to the people impacted by the virus in China. I know the lives of a lot of people have been shaken and I hope it starts back up and that loved ones are okay. Also please challenge those who weaponise this with hate against  Thank you.
16 years ago I gathered some female friends for dinner, I talked about writing a play about a future where they just start throwing Black and Asian people out of the country. What would happen to families? What would be the criteria of Blackness or ‘badness’? A dystopia of sorts.
Vote Mark in 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Taeyong vs Mark Tuan Link:  … #GOT7 #갓세븐 @GOT7Official 
I remember certain journos celebrating having a South Asian Home Secretary, regardless of their politics, as a victory for anti-racism. They've gone awfully quiet now.
The #Parasite: How South Korea shapes Asian cultural wave  …
How does this work? Just seen a travel advert on tv. White Male dad (obvs), Asian Female mum, and a black kid. The world is broken.
200211 "Update" - MOMOLAND  to Vietnam in May through the Asian music event "K-POP MIRACLE 2020". - Line up: SUPER JUNIOR, EXO-SC, APINK, MOMOLAND, DONGKIZ, APRIL, JUN HYO SUNG, BVNDIT, with the participation of some Vietnamese artists. #kpopconcert #miracle 
That deportation. Man. I remember when a bunch of people on here were so gassed to see a South Asian home secretary, regardless of their politics. How can you separate the two?
Commonly known as Butterfly pea, Asian pigeonwings, bluebellvine and blue pea "Clitoria ternatea". A perennial flowering vine with a vivid deep blue flower is its unique feature. #floweringplant #flowergarden #flowers #nature #plant #butterflypeaflower #bluebellvine #bluepea 
Our one true Asian king 
You like Parasite? Here's a very very good Asian film that you might also like: - A THREAD -
I’m begging you all to stop calling @anj3llyfish & @sufisun7 the lesbian Indian couple. I believe Anjali is bi and Sufi is Pakistani, that’s two fold identity erasure. Stop being allergic to the words “bisexual”, “sapphic”, & “south Asian”. Love their love without erasing them.
After impressing in the Southeast Asian Games, Vic Manuel is back in the reckoning for the Gilas team to the Fiba Asia Cup qualifiers By @gerardmos  … via @SpinPh
tbh if movies keep casting asian women that either 1. d|e by the end of the movie 2. are treated as  relief character or the “cringe” one that acts  to the other cast 3. just there for inclusivity points.... keep your movie white i don’t care.
Hello everybody Kim Jae Joong Asian Tour concert 2920 will hold in Jakarta on 2020 March 7th, Lets we attend to enliven Kim Jae Joong Concert For order the tickets in here , Thanks #KimJaeJoonginJKT #KimJaejoong #金在中 #ジェジュン #김재중  …
PLEASEE GLFJFK HE RLY GAVE HIM THE ASIAN CARD
2020 is not Asian friendly at all smh
In Opinion Walter Chaw writes, "Caught in the middle are Asian-Americans. For many of us, our great hope for representation at the Oscars wasn’t 'Parasite,' it was Lulu Wang’s 'The Farewell.'" 
'Parasite' made history, but when will the Academy start acknowledging Asian actors? (Column)  
Teeth blackening is a custom of dyeing one's teeth black. It was most predominantly practiced in Southeast Asian and Oceanic cultures, particularly among Austronesian, Austroasiatic, and Kra-Dai-speaking peoples. It was also practiced in Japan prior to the 
Bong Joon-ho joins Billy Wilder, Francis Coppola, James L. Brooks, Peter Jackson, and Alejandro G. Iñárritu as one of the few people to win Oscars for writing, directing, and producing the same film. And he's the first Asian to do it too. I'm sorry, I'm just too happy.
IGNORE THIS, MSM! 3rd place at 17%! "Breaking News: Unknown Asian Man takes NH Primary By Storm. "Who could have seen  whines." If you haven't donated to  , donate just $1. I promise you'll feel better for participating.  …
Fencer Sun Wei mentioned @JacksonWang852 in his interview  with Jackson before, his dad was the first generation coach of the HK fencing team & we would train together @Beijing with the national team, we participated in the Asian Junior & Cadet Fencing Championships 
This is crazy rich Asian 
lots of people claim they can't be emotionally affected by a film with Asian actors while reading subtitles yet they get irrationally angry reading any of my tweets
aleminum live with that asian guitar guy is sick thooo
to me the takeaway from Parasite is how much asian people unabatingly love the name "Jessica"
1. Can people stop giving Joker a gf? 2. I'm Southeast Asian and I'm surrounded by Asian people who clearly don't have colored streaks???  …
How do you feel about a man reading a book on the cover of a romance novel? Asian dude with glasses in suit. He works in academia.
Our Asian broom didn’t work either only these ones mines pink ! 
yo dis the asian broom, dont tell it what to do
I just can’t stop thinking about how a few short months ago, all of Asian twitter descended on ONE Black girl who said to buy from Black hair salons as opposed to Asian ones.  …
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Taeyong vs Mark Tuan 
did Brian just give Finn the Asian card
Do you remember your first Asian friend?
LMFAOOOO IM SO HYPE I WAS ABLE TO DO IT WITH THIS ASIAN ASS BROOM LETS GOOOOOO 
Australian doctors are reporting a spike in racism toward medical professionals and people of Asian descent. Discrimination and stigmatisation have a severe and damaging impact on health. The AMA opposes discrimination in all forms #coronavirus #auspol #medtwitter #mh4docs 
asian fetishists be freaking out about the coronavirus like bro you’re worried about the wrong yellow fever
Aw my favorite sheltered English speaker trend, thinking every Asian language is Chinese despite them having pretty distinct auditory & visual tells
A legitimate counterpoint to the breakthroughs of this awards season. As an Asian AMERICAN actor, I know this is a concern in  but this is a different time than the rise of Hong Kong cinema in the 90's. I choose to remain optimistic.  …
tw// body image, weight jokes, fetishization of asian men this is y'all oomf? I'm not sure what their intention was with the whole "chngb1n pregnant ordeal" but I'm actually so surprised some of y'all still choose to interact with questionable stan accounts that tweets like this 
Asian student squads be like Chinese Korean Filipino Japanese 
Here’s the asian broom for you 
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be hispanic its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be gay its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it is NEVER okay to think cherry bomb was a good album, let alone tylers best
Reminder to everyone to not interact with people with hazemat suits as their PFPs (see examples below) as they are nazi dogwhistles being used as a subtle way to promote racism. They're using the Corona virus outbreak as an excuse for anti-asian racism. Stay alert and stay aware 
an american TALKING OVER an asian making a thread about asian cinema? shocking......
no, you didn't say it was wrong. you called it "blasphemy" and "shallow". i'm just saying  off as unnecessarily pretentious over an asian person who simply wanted to share asian movies they liked
Havent seen the film yet but I just wanna congratulate my Asian homies for Parasite and if you're pissed that a Korean movie won, eat my balut
BRO, THE ASIAN BROOM ACTUALLY STOOD BY ITSELF HOLY SHITTTTT LMAOOOAOAOAO  … 
I cringe anytime is seeing tweet about people of color.Libya slave market is still a thing in 2020.Asian business owners subject their black workers to untold hardship in Africa.People of color is an ill made attempt at unionization of diff ethnicity vs white. POC is not a thing
Maybe next year the Oscars ceremony will have a bit more Asian flavour, Sammo Hung & Yuen Biao did a Peking Opera version of Eastern Condors back in the day, let them do PO versions of the Best Picture Nominees! 
Bring David home to Brisbane Roar. Perfect marquee, a genuine Asian superstar with genuine connections to the city.  …
In Korea and elsewhere, a new crop of Asian filmmakers is working hard to ensure that “Parasite” isn’t just a momentary bout of glory but the start of a new global era 
Is it only me or anyone else also feels that Arti never leaves a single chance to get close to Asim?? She is blessed, getting a chance to get close to the 24th Sexiest Asian Man is not what every woman gets. #AsimRiazForTheWin #BiggBoss13 #AsimRiaz @realhimanshi 
"100 Asian heartthrobs" Please continue to vote for Jungkook. If we don't try, he will lose in the vote this time.  … #Jungkook #JeonJungKook #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク @BTS_twt
The Council of Asian Designers of America (CADA) presented a fashion collective at the ongoing New York Fashion Week, bringing eight Asian designers to global audience. 
The awards season success of #Parasite was not only a triumph for South Korea and foreign cinema at large — it was also a kind of unburdening for Asian Americans 
This piece is very good and a really important addition to the conversation around PARASITE winning. The difference between Asian and Asian-American representation is important to keep in view.  …
Asian men and Latinos can ruin my life
wait. are they only sending this to my Asian friends?? Lol  …
Saw an Asian guy at heb buying a 24 pack of Corona and I swear I busted out laughing so loud. I’m so sorry Jesus I’m really trying to be better.
In 2020 we’re getting rid of the “You’re not black/Asian/Spanish enough” because you don’t live up to the stereotype or reach a certain standard
To be Asian is to have a streak of color in your hair.  …
don’t try this with an asian broom lmao  …
NORMALIZE WATCHING ASIAN FILMS WITH ENGLISH SUBTITLES DONT WAIT FOR THE ENGLISH AUDIO/DUB ANYMORE
omg whenever people are like "making asian characters skin darker is bad... stop racebending theyre already asian " like delete it before i actually beat you upside the head
Black, Hispanic, and Asian unemployment have all reached record lows. Black poverty has hit the lowest level ever recorded. Wages for Black Americans are finally on the rise. President @RealDonaldTrump: "We are the party of equal opportunity for ALL 
CALLING ALL YORANGDANS AND ONE IT Please Help Us Vote For KIM YOHAN In 100 Asian Heartthrobs Were Currently Behind But If Were All In This Together I Know We Can Win This. FIGHTING YORANGDANS and ONE IT Link Vote  … #김요한 
let’s spite OP... it’s fucking february, draw your asian faves you headcanon as mixed black because god knows there’s so little blasian rep out there and post it under here
Huge congratulations to the amazing Dr. Jessica Wang @JkmWang for successfully defending her PhD thesis on Southeast Asian paleoclimate today! @uciess #paleoclimate 
I swear everyone in Asian twitter is either in love with their ex or hates the opposite gender
The asian broom 
Lana and Kelly are both Vietnamese and I appreciate how Southeast Asian actresses were given priority for this role.
As a Korean and an asian creative, this means so much. Parasite and Bong Joon Ho winning 4 Oscars was historic and fills me with so much enthusiasm for the future. Thank you for inspiring me and other asian creatives. We’re here and we can do this shit too 
See how BLACKPINK recognize other Asians (especially females) and reach out to show their appreciation for everything they do to represent Asians in the industry? THAT is Asian representation. THAT is what we need more of. To recognize and encourage others.  …
All my Asian friends are more afraid of the discrimination  from the coronavirus than getting the virus itself. There is so much anti-Asian sentiment and misinformation out there
On my way to Las Vegas! Meeting with a local Asian  leader also have meetings with friends who work in the sex industry & also the nightlife industry will work hard to get them and their networks to early voting sites on 15th-18th  …
i feel this hard. but also, it is sad that so many people look to the Oscars or Grammys as markers for acceptance and respectability or pride. Asian parents should be proud and encouraging of their creative children. winning an Oscar/Grammy/award shouldn't be part of the deal  …
o to be a cute asian boy on twitter y’all get so much clout for just breathing
my asian ass broom could never /:  … 
The brain trust putting the fights together were all Asian American — including Cathy Yan, who is of Chinese decent, and Jon Valera and the director of photography, Matthew Libatique, who have Filipino ancestry. via @NBCNews  …
In new CA Capitol Weekly poll, Bernie has  13 pt lead at 29% and Biden plummets to 5th. Bernie crushing the lead with: 18-34: 54% 35-44: 39% Women: 26%. Warren 2nd at 19% Hispanic: 39% Asian: 28% #Bernie2020 #CAPrimary crosstabs:   …
Why y’all love bringing up Asian whenever Nicki interacts with another rap girl? As if Asian hasn’t been shouted out in interviews, Reposted on instagram, Shouted out in ig captions, Called on Queen Radio, and had her song played on Queen Radio. My girl is fine 
While everyone is still excited about the success of @ParasiteMovie at the @TheAcademy awards last night, I want to highly  2 other Asian horror movies that excel in originality&heart: TRAIN TO BUSAN (South Korea, 2016) and INE CUT OF THE DEAD (Japan, 2017). /5 
Just watched The Farewell. So moving, so delicate, so insightful about East and West. If anyone can explain why that wasn’t nominated for Best Picture at the Oscars - beyond “we’ve already got an Asian one” - I’m all ears.
Is it only me or anyone else also feels that Arti never leaves a single chance to get close to Asim?? She is blessed, getting a chance to get close to the 24th Sexiest Asian Man is not what every woman gets. #AsimRiazForTheWin #BB13 #BiggBoss13 
On that note: I’ve had the displeasure of seeing a documentary where an asian person was voiced over, and the dub voice was speaking in a “I’m an asian person who is bad at english” kind of accent...
Knew he was Asian when he did that spin kick
The announced dates alone will earn.... 220-230!!!!!!! MILLIONS!!!!! USD!!!!!!! Seoul opening - $15-16M North America ~ around $100M Europe ~ $48M Japan ~ $62M More Asian, Latin, SEA dates  The entire LOVE YOURSELF & SPEAK YOURSELF tour grossed $245M
Growing up thinking that I could never be an actor, then seeing @NadiaNadarajah as one of the deaf Asian artist out there. Shes setting up platforms so I can be there. Shame on @Telegraph for this abomination and to the keyboard warriors, we’re gonna keep going. Get used to it  …
UK soccer star Dele Alli apologized for a video where he appeared to mock an Asian man over the coronavirus, before panning to hand sanitizer: "It wasn't funny." @amnesty reports a global rise in anti-Asian discrimination over the virus, incl. in Europe, Australia and Canada. 
I once attended a film screening for a movie directed by an Asian director. At the after-party, I was one of the only Asian people in the room and everyone came up to congratulate me. I accepted their congratulations and it was a great feeling.
It’s funny how media was able to put Parasites win in the correct cultural context. We saw breathless headlines like the first foreign language win, first Asian win etc but we still get headlines like 1st Kpop win? Like?
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Dele Alli has apologised after appearing to mock an Asian man and making jokes about the #coronavirus outbreak. Watch more videos from Sky News here:  
. @AndrewYang is the Asian dad the country needs to set higher expectations for the nation. “USA? Why not USA-Plus?!” #YangUpgradesAmerica #YangGang
before i get harassed bc this shit post is spreading exponentially to parts of this site that i want no part of, i just want to say im not telling asian women to date asian men either (or men of any race). ur all clowns
The replies are so annoying. Yes women deserve to be represented more in multiple other parts of media/awards but so do POC and that INCLUDES men. A foreign language film made by an Asian man won BEST PICture. And the FIRST EVER indigenous man won an Oscar. That’s groundbreaking  …
So much work to do, but I just want to celebrate #Parasite, #Bonghive, and all things #Asian. 
What they're calling inauthentic, when it is originated by the people whose culture it is, is evolution. This is why a white chef can be seen as an innovator in Asian cuisine and an Asian chef can't. They aren't moored to this idea of authenticity.
Mario seeing an asian girl break off his homie and not him 
asian recipes really just be like a͜p҉̢͜p̀͏̡r̴̶̨ò̶p̶̸͞r̵̡̀iat̕͠e ̢͢a̕mo̡͡҉u̧͢nt̷
Asian Americans share the significance of Bong Joon-ho's 'Parasite' win. 
Per @lapublichealth, Despite rampant social media xenophobia, #CoronaVirus is NOT currently spreading in @CountyofLA.Please don't give in to hysteria, avoid stereotypes harmful to our  & continue to enjoy businesses operated by our Chinese neighbors #SheriffV  …
the fact I could TELL she was Asian from the coloured streaks
$160 billion hedge fund Bridgewater is projecting that a group of Asian countries will blow past Europe and the US to own a majority of global stocks in 15 years  …
i truly can not explaon the legacies fandom the amount of weird shit that has happened here is so crazy to me like you telling me the asian actress who plays a bi character is a republican? aight does this happen anywhere else
With Asian cinema getting more western press, I want you all to watch some movies from India! Incredible stories to tell! @erinefraser @matt_bowes have a fantastic podcast called @BollywoodPod where they discuss mainstream to indie! They’ll give you a cool list to check out
We need more black/asian couples on god
"It's an honor just to be Asian."  …
guys! vote for wangxian they are the only asian ship that is nominated among all the american ones and also bc u know they are the best  …
I’ve said it before & I’ll say it again: don’t mess with the Great Lakes. The GLRI's funds are needed to keep Asian carp & other invasive species out of our Great Lakes, to ensure our water is clean & safe, & to maintain the beauty of these Lakes for generations   …
Fast forward to 2020, and the world has shifted and changed quite a bit in the entertainment industry since then. We're now at the precipice of the greatest period in history for Asian representation in traditional Hollywood. Parasite WON the BEST PICTURE. That's simply awesome.
I traveled through Asia last year and fell in love with the Eastern culture. Also, my boyfriend is Asian and is such an amazing person. To see people reduce China/Asia to what has been happening in Wuhan, is heartbreaking. I see and love you, my fellow Eastern friends.
Asian cooking be like ‘we do not measure anything numerically, you just KNOW by PURE INSTINCT how much to add’
Let our voices be heard! 20+ members of Asian Tenants Union called their reps AM Nolan & @SenGianaris this past week because budget season is here. We want to see public housing survive & thrive, and are down to fight for it as a key piece of 
@TheDemocrats would never backpedal a poll to help a POC get in nor would they remove the donor threshold. Racism is a spectrum. Being racist doesn’t mean you’re gonna kill. So please.... when Asian-Americans say they think racism plays a factor, please listen. #YangGang
fun fact: the internet has more than one group of people on it the coronavirus "meme" was never funny, it's just a poorly-concealed excuse to be racist to Asian people
Dear Asian Diaspora, Let's celebrate this historic win and remember the lesson from our Black siblings. Historic moments are not the same as dismantling racism to build a new, better world. #BongHive #Parasite #RepresentationMatters
“The (Turkish) Kunduz Amphibious Armored Combat Earthmover has been sold to the Philippines, making it the first South Asian country to import the vehicle.”  …
Dear everyone tweeting about how amazing Asian cinema is. You are correct. Also, India is part of Asia, so when your list ignores the biggest film industry in the world, it's lazy.
I am looking forward to represent @Yazda at the 4th Annual International Conference of the Asian Yearbook on Human Rights & Humanitarian Law on 14th Feb 2020 which is jointly organised by @BIICL @covcampus @Bruneluni. More here:  
‘The “China” I saw being described in Sinophobic and anti-Asian racist terms on western social media was not the one I was living in.’ Read @emilyjodell’s insightful account of living inside the #coronavirus  …
Y'all are really gonna look back on 2020 after Trump is re-elected and wonder why you didn't see the Asian-American man who not only defeats him, but actually unites the country as well as puts us on a better path that works for us instead of the corporations.
It's a really big day for us at Foundation. First a new web site. And now 2020 grant applications are available. If you know of a non-profit supporting the South  in the US or Canada, let them know about us.  …
To count this as a win for Asian diaspora is to give value to white people when they tell us to go back to Asia if we want creative careers
Bong Joon-ho turned the spotlight on another female Asian director — his translator, Sharon Choi — who blushed and cowered behind her hands as he promoted her work, backstage at the Oscars  …
| From Dubai we start defending our Asian title #AlHilal #AlHilal_Video 
The broadcaster at #AsianHustleNetwork asked me on camera "What do you think about @AndrewYang's impact for Asian Americans?" I said it's incredible that 8000 Americans gave an Asian man a standing ovation last night in New Hampshire. That has never happened in the past 247 years
I highly highly  Swing Kids. It weaves in American anti-black racism & anti-Asian racism and the solidarity that emerges from the dance troupe is just wonderful. Please please watch it (and tissues prepared)  …
Asian dads are always ready for a picture 
In light of Parasite's award wins last night, there's a couple threads about really great asian films that you should watch going around and I figure I'd share a few of my favs that aren't the obvious ones. (Y'know, I assume most ppl have seen Ip Man, Hard Boiled, etc.)
‘LION’ is #9 on Joox Top 50 K-Pop Charts! Joox is the biggest music streaming app in Asian markets such as Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar and Thailand.  #GIDLE 
Two Asian American news anchors discussing the significance of Parasite winning Best Picture, Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, Best International Feature Film Academy Awards. This is 2020. 
"This bustling tourist  with something extra special: a wizened Asian man who practices a vague form of Chinese medicine and doles out even vaguer platitudes that you, a white protagonist, will inexplicably find germane to your situation."  …
can we just take a moment to appreciate these  YA fantasy novels by South Asian authors? HUNTED BY THE SKY:  … THE ARCHER AT DAWN (sequel to THE TIGER AT MIDNIGHT):  … STAR DAUGHTER:  
Asian Doll - YIKES REMIX  via @YouTube
She is not asian doll  …
we REALLY DO LOVE to see Asian + Pacific Islander, transnational, interfaith weirdo alliances!!!  …
okay but you're taking away so much from Asian/arab/latinx great inventors, basic things like silk,  were all invented by Chinese, clocks, cameras, coffee and alot of surgical equipment was made by Arabs, it's amazing to be proud but don't take away from others
GP surgery on lockdown as 2 medics test positive for bug & ‘super-spreader’ puts hundreds at risk Good old UK, let them in unchecked by the 1000s, then panic when its to late! We should temporarily halt flights to & from infected SE Asian countries!  …
Hey guys! i recently edited a @LilyPichu video about growing up with asian parents. I want to start tweeting more and i think im going to start on videos i've done. Check it out!  …
If some clown tweets something extremely racist against Asians, and you feel inclined to dunk on them, please consider subtweeting. If you reply to or retweet racism, you: - give the clown reach they otherwise wouldn't have - make your Asian friends read it
I wonder how many anime avatars are using quasi-xenophobic language to express how REEEEEEALLY upset they are about Parasite winning Best Picture. If Asian media doesn't have waifus in it, what's the point, right?
Asian-Americans still can't get work. In film, we still have to leave the US and go to Asia in order to get cast. It's finally changing (thank God), but there's still a long way to go.
. @Yolanda_Bonnell is a two-spirit, Ojibwe/South Asian playwright who's taking a stand with her play Bug, which is on stage now at @beyondwallsTPM. She's made one request from the media: that only Indigenous, black or other people of colour review her 
since parasite won and all, every single asian gets to bum cigarettes off of other people today
Anyhow, watch more Korean cinema. Watch more Asian cinema. Watch more in translation. From queer folx. From bipoc. Just watch more, read more, and step over the one-inch barrier of your expectations and  zones.
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Joshua Hong vs Lucas Wong 
Oh man, thanks for this, I won’t make any Asian jokes anymore after reading this story that didn’t fucking happen.
Tottenham's Dele Alli facing suspension by the FA after making joke about the coronavirus outbreak while appearing to mock an Asian man 
Scramble/Strikers got an asian release date. :o means the western release isn't far off. we'll see an announcement shortly before or after P5R's release here, me bet. fitting it'll be out in the summer because Scramble/Strikers takes place in the summer too
Oakland, CA, 1995, DMV. Some Asian woman is at the front of the line, having some issue talking to the agent. White woman in front of me says,  to America. Here’s your driver’s license.” I’m thinking, “What makes you think I’m an ally to this, cuz we both speak English?”
The asian representation we need  …
"anyone can make it no matter where you're from" B*TCH NO!!! THAT'S LITERALLY THE EXACT OPPOSITE OF WHAT PARASITE IS TALKING ABOUT!!!!! im SICK and TIRED of assimilationist Asian American discourse 
I grew up in a practically all-white suburb of illinois. I was on the recieving end of a lot of racism. I think Andrew is the best candidate to tackle racism against Asian Americans for several reasons (thread).  …
every achievement-obsessed asian getting such a contact high from this  …
Asian Doll has beaten up Cuban Doll three times, Cuban thwarted the fourth attempted beating by macing Asian’s friends before they could get to her this time. Thank you for the additional information co-hosts!  …
nubian pacific islander east asian queen
quick wheres that video of the gay guy telling an asian woman she doesnt know what it's like to be a minority
Friday got away from me BUT here is an updated list of books by South Asian authors. (If you want to add your book, the link to the form will be in the following twitter.) We're at over 40 books so far!  
So ur telling me that when we read Western historical novels we can count them as parts of history but when  to centuries old Asian collections of testimonies and well documented stories it’s just another epic used to create an exotic fantasy of Asia
The worrying outbreak of coronavirus must never be used as a pretext for racism against Chinese and other Asian people. We must stand together in difficult times, not descend into prejudice.  …
asian power we never get old  …
??? loving asian girls isnt loving the culture but alright dude
Even when predominantly Asian movies earn Oscar nominations, the actors in them don't receive nods for their acting. 
As we take the necessary precautions around Novel Coronavirus, we should all be aware of anti-Chinese/anti-Asian racism fueled by social media and support our Chinese/Asian neighbours against xenophobia. Misinformation, fear and racism are more dangerous than any virus.
Asian boys approaching their favorite shisha lounge 
I wish Harvey Weinstein were still alive to see his life’s work of butchering Asian cinema to appeal to a hypothetical audience of  invalidated. RIP.
Unfortunately it also happens in a number of other Asian countries. Audiences, film industry and the media, need to reject such propaganda.
In Korea and elsewhere, a new crop of Asian filmmakers is working hard to ensure that “Parasite” isn’t just a momentary bout of glory but the start of a new global era 
When Asians say that things like Parasite, BTS, Crazy Rich Asians, etc. make them so proud to be Asian, it's a stark reminder how little we've thought of ourselves for so long I mean, most of my self-esteem is derived from Son Heung-min's goals
Still not over the fact that an asian speaking film won best picture last night. The visbility and power that win has on a group of people that rarely see their art exalted at the same level as white art is very inspiring.
I don’t like Tarantino. I don’t think he’s particularly talented. I hate how he treated Uma Thurman. While he & Bong Joon Ho may be fellow admirers, it was especially gratifying to see an Asian man beat Quentin whose film had a racist trope about Bruce Lee. I said what I said.  …
asian excellence 
[FROM THE ARCHIVES] Bong Joon-ho, the South Korean director whose “Parasite” won the plum Palme d’Or in this year’s Cannes Film Festival, cites the late Lino Brocka as one of the Asian filmmakers he admires. | @nepalesruben #Oscars2020  …
To our Asian fans/sponsors/media — We can’t wait to return to these incredible countries, world-class courses, and golf-loving fans. It hurts to miss your premium tournaments, but we WILL be back in 2021 to celebrate with you, and celebrate because of you! God bless, Commish
Parasite was BJH dunking on asian americans for Crazy Rich Asians
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Dele Alli has apologised after appearing to mock an Asian man and making jokes about the #coronavirus outbreak. Watch more videos from Sky News here:  
A tireless champion of Asian cinema watching a major, once a generation breakthrough and then basking in the man’s loving gratitude, imagine how happy Marty is.
Remember when whites would go “paki-bashing” and murder/rape/maim anyone visibly South Asian? Or the fact hate crimes against them have doubled in the last 5yrs Racism against black people doesn’t negate racism against “brown” people. Not everyday Oppression Olympics.  …
A great night to be Asian 
| We’re here in Dubai at Al Wasl Club for the first Asian step #AlHilal #ACL2020 
watches an asian film once  …
Hayao Miyazaki also got his oscars after Harvey Weinstein insisted that Asian films can’t make it in the US without heavy cuts by an American. So the key for Asian Oscar winners is to tell Weinstein gatekeeper types to F off  …
Hayao Miyazaki says Harvey Weinstein “aggressively attacked” him to cut Ghibli films as Weinstein did so many Asian films, but Miyazaki stood his ground, “I defeated him”. Miyazaki then won some Oscars, criticized US Wars in his acceptance speech when he finally attended  …
Why some can't people accept that Snow Man will have Asian tour without asking "why it's not my faves?" Not everything has to be about your faves folk, accept that.
Ever since taking up Asian Studies, I started not to take seriously American award shows – they will never understand  of Asian culture that flows deeply within our works of art. #Parasite winning the #Oscars is nice, but it really didn't need American validation.
Congratulations to @ParasiteMovie for winning FOUR awards at the Oscars. This is a historic moment. Growing up, the only Asian kid in my school I never imagined something like this could be possible. Thank you 봉감독님. #ParasiteBestPicture #AsianActors 
Can we pls stop the 'overpopulation is the main cause for climate change' The wealthiest 10% produces 50% of CO2,while poorest half produces 10%! This line enables racism & privelege & shifts blame to Asian-African countries which have much smaller per person CO2 footprint! 
-Grammy Recording Academy members - 4x BBMAS - 3X AMA - Stadium tour - one of the best selling albums of the century - top 15 highest paid acts - most successful act in the world who debuted in 2012 or later - only Asian act who’s one of the best selling acts of the 2010s 
I appreciate Asian Doll for showing love, but the people have decided that the song ain’t Yikes. More like Gee Golly Wilikers. Betcha By Golly Wow if you will
This was my fav .. Busy weeks - back in P2 this weekend for Asian Le Mans Series and then getting into one of my favourite tests of the year. Winter Super GT tire tests 
i’m so tired of americans or just the west in general acting like it’s some privilege or honour for asian acts to make it big in america, and that western popularity ideally validates them. no, it’s your privilege to have them. they hate it over there. 
THIS IS FOR THE ASIAN KIDS WHO CAN GROW UP WITHOUT THJNKING THEY HAVE TO WHITEWASH THEMSELVES SOMEHOW. THIS IS THE VALIDATION WE DIDNT NEED BUT ALSO SADLY DESPERATELY WANTED. THIS IS A WIN.  …
Asian Academy Creative Awards Regional Winners Nadine Lustre 
Comeback Kid Announce Asian Tourdates  
Urian Winners: Paulo Avelino and Nadine Lustre Asian Academy Regional Winners: Dekhuh Ngamnet and Nadine Lustre Award Winning actors with our Award Winning actress 
I like how they shelve movies with helicopter crashes then turn around and give an Oscar to an Asian one called Parasite
10 endangered species of migratory animals/birds from across the globe, including three from #India -- Great Indian Bustard, Asian Elephant & Bengal Florican -- will be included in a special global list for protection under @BonnConvention:  
THEY ARE THE 1ST ASIAN ARTISTS WHO MADE A HISTORY AT GRAMMYS & OSCARS, THEY REALLY DESERVE THIS RECOGNITION AROUND THE WORLD. THE SOUTH KOREA’S PRIDE. #BTS #BTSARMY #ARMY #Parasite #ParasiteMovie 
The caption says it all. Ladies and gents, the Asian Creative Academy Country winners - our very own Nadine and @Denkhun_ngamnet. 
Asian Creative Academy Country Winners - #Nadine & @denkhun__ngamnet star in Burado, the new Primetime Series of ABS-CBN. #ABSCBNIsHereToStay 
The 1st asian artists to make history at Oscars and Grammys so they are not South Korea's Pride for no reason 
choose your asian boy u got it team vers: 
what do you mean by “real asian representation”? did  from mars to you? they are FOUR. ASIAN. WOMEN. succeeding and at this point y’all would take everything away in order to dismiss them and their achievements and it shows  …
Crazy Rich Asians, Parasite and @BTS_twt, have highlighted in recent times, how IMPORTANT REPRESENTATION is. As an asian who grew up in western culture seeing people who look like me being celebrated, brings so much pride to my heart. + #ParasiteMovie #BTS 
Bangladesh winning the Under-19 World Cup is a symbolic moment in the evolution of the game, further signalling Asia's growing dominance of the sport. For the first time ever Asian teams finished first (Bangladesh), second (India) & third (Pakistan) at the tournament. #U19CWC
"real asian representation" so blackpink aren't asian anymore?!?! at your big age acting like this...just baffles me  …
Kungfu, chopsticks, Anime, Manga, video games, katana, jrock, Kpop... when ‘something Asian’  a hit with mainstream America, the self proclaimed cultural gatekeepers respond with impotent racism  …
maybe hopefully one day we’ll have desi rep at bigger stages for films/music made by the people of  rather than white people thru their white lenses focused on portraying  as downtrodden
Imran Khan is the name of the catastrophe that has made this country a world-wide joke to  an Asian Tiger.Elimination of this government from the misery of the people to the loss of the countrys credibility is very important for the survival of Pakistan 
Bong Joon-ho winning all the Oscars last night is the Asian uncle representation I didn't know I needed till now  …
so BLACKPINK is not ASIAN? when they performed at Coachella, that's Asian Representation. Every artists/idols/performers/athletes who came from Asia and make it big outside Asia is already making us asians proud. It's REAL ASIAN REPRESENTATION.  …
This is what elephant tourism really looks like. A horrifying video shows an ele crying in agony as he's whipped & beaten. Pls help by writing to your MP asking them to join us in the fight to save Asian elephants:  … 
I’ve been to lots of awards parties over the years. But tonight, at the #Parasite party, was the first time I’ve been to one where the most important people in the room were all Asian. Where the victories being celebrated were by Asians. It’s a new level of representation.
Seeing non-Asian POC celebrate Asian wins makes me realise how often we Asians don't celebrate non-Asian POC wins.
What a historic night, I am overwhelmed to see an Asian film of excellence take the top prize. This is a moment I will never forget I am inspired and ever so proud. @TheAcademy @emporioarmani #Oscars2020 
