Asian risotto . Minced Prime rib , cream corn, sweet onion, ginger and Jasmine rice Thank you Viet Kieu Sauce Co . 
any asian who has looked at tofu or a green vegetable in their life could outcook a white vegan
not new to nsfw! i just want more mootzz val 15 turning 16 in 20 days 5’5 bi (girls++) genderfluid (he/him++) dom/top soft and hard kinks asian pisces musician rt to be mutuals!! 
went to a job interview today(pretty sure i got it i looked adorable manager was lookin like he wanna fuck me ion even think bruh gay) so i went n posted up wit my asian american to celebrate idk why really it just felt like the right move 
asian bitches be whores lol u don’t ever hear about it tho real lowkey dick munchers
people who make coronavirus jokes when they see an asian person are genuinely cringe
There should be a rule in America, if you hate immigrants, you don't get to eat immigrant food. No Mexican food, no Caribbean food, no Dominican food, no Asian food. Only Potatoes.
#Extinction can’t be reversed. Concern for #orangutans indicates concern for the #planet. See #OFI & others work to save critically endangered species & their #Asian habitats. Learn more on #SevenWorldsOnePlanet #Asia airing Saturday @9pm on @BBCAMERICA  
The racialisation of infectious disease. We’ve seen it with Ebola, SARS (read up about impact of SARS on  in Toronto), and now with Coronavirus. It’s so dehumanising- I’m so sorry you went through this.  …
I want the Yikes freestyle from you & Asian #Facts style. Please & thanks!
We stand with  in NYC and we will not tolerate any xenophobic sentiments relating to the Coronavirus. We support small businesses in Chinatown and Flushing now, and always. Thank you to Wellington Chen ( @cpldcny) and @NydiaVelazquez for joining 
Dele Alli accused of filming "racist" video mocking Asian man and deadly coronavirus  
An asian boy saw me at work today and decided to say ‘bomboclart’ like I was meant to laugh. I’m even African girl, not Caribbean. This ideology non black people have of all black people having the same dialect needs to stop.
The reason this list of over 400 Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders is important is because we're ordinary people. We're not "luminaries," we're not "prominent," we're not "leaders," at least not leaders of bourgeois society.  …
At the door in Arlington, VA: 40 year old Asian-American mom. "Yeah I think we're gonna vote for Bernie because it looks like he's gonna win the primary."
I’m not part of asian twitter btw
I see people pointing out the lack of diversity at events for Democratic candidates in New Hampshire. This breakdown of the state’s demographics might help explain it: White: 93% Asian: 2.7% Two or more races: 2.1% African American: 1.5% Other: 0.5% Native American: 0.2%
ICYMI yesterday - we covered a lot! Dig It! #33: Asian Bioweapons, AIDS Slush Fund, SOTU, Iowa Caucus, Acquittal...  via @YouTube
Yang says quarantines are appropriate; says he would appoint a coronavirus czar. Calls anti-Asian racism unfortunate but part of human nature. Interesting.
Make no mistake: this is part of a larger, ongoing effort by the British government to make British citizenship for brown (South Asian) Brits conditional. If the British government can make a Brit stateless, in violation of international law, that sets a horrifying precedent.
entire timeline hating on asian doll remix and ain’t even heard a snippet. 
I'm the Asian woman on the train. 
THE ASIAN ART MUSEUM IS OFFICIALLY REOPEN! We are so grateful to everyone who supported SAM in this important project & we can't wait for you to experience the reimagined, reinstalled Asian Art Museum!  #IHeartAsianArt Natali 
asian people who don’t eat meat too, tbh
I wrote about this right after the episode aired. Sadly, I don’t have an important enough voice to make any dent on the collective consciousness of South Asian-American celebs. (Thread within the linked tweet)  …
Resolve the Kashmir issue to prevent conflict and building peace in the South Asian region.  …
got added into a spanish gc, bye asian twitter
SAVE THE DATE MARCH 28, 2020 The Asian Night Market  back to Vegas, and we’re thrilled to host it once again! Stay tuned for info on vendors, parking, transportation & more. Learn more:  … Register:  
Here's more about Kenzo, true Asian American working class hero.  …
We should be reaching out to the Chinese and broader  at this extremely difficult time for them and support the businesses and events that are now a part of the Australian fabric. More from @VictoiranCHO  #coronavirus #2019nCoV
1/4 This evening I watched the first two episodes of Michael Portillo's Great Asian Railway Journeys, in #HongKong It made me feel home-sick for the city where I began my working life & where I lived for the first 5 years after the  …
The SDCSS Winter Show was so much fun, these are my classic Asian-taking-pics-on-an-iPad shots, but there were so many plants and people who love plants, it was a great time. 
He belted him across the head from behind with a baton, FFS!!! A KID. This from the useless police 'force' that allowed Asian rape gangs to rape and beat underage girls with impunity. I don't hate the police (yet) but I'm certainly losing faith in them.
Some of y’all need to realize that “running on asian time” is important to my culture and I do it all the time religiously
Glad to join @TheySeeBlue this afternoon. It is important to uplift the voices of Georgia’s South Asian  Together, we will flip GA blue by ensuring the right to vote is protected and no one is left behind. 
so people just gonna go randomly hug you at the mall now because you're asian? like imagine how  he felt when strangers go up to you and hug you just because you look like their kpop faves or you're just asian  …
The Oscars nominated ‘Parasite’ but not its Asian actors. It’s part of a pattern.  …
Why do you Asian girls hate her so much?  …
Roddy Ricch: "Bitch dont wear no shoes in my house" Asian parents: 
“(ABS) Asian Baby Shark” 
at a conference South Asian Youth intiative @Yale with around 250 South Asian American students. I spoke on a panel focused on Politics . Absolutely amazing and inspiring to see these students engage with very difficult and challenging conversations. Pictures from the venue
On the , an Asian man with a cold was seated by me. To prove I was no racist, I gently put my arm around him & held a Kleenex to his face to help him blow his nose. The language barrier kept him from thanking me verbally, but you could feel his gratitude before he changed seats
i reacted to another crazy rich asian’s closet and this closet i swear to god was LIT  
asian ppl who eat meat make better vegan food than white vegans
to be an asian man colonized by a mayonnaise jar
whenever a black guys whole personality is that they lift a lot , ten times out of ten they are obsessed with white or asian women why is that
been getting disappointed in asian women recently so I guess I just have to get colonized now
Not only does Salma Hayek look incredible for 53, she also looks like every Asian lass who ever worked in the beauty department at Debenhams or Selfridges or Boots 
It's quite normal to react to coughing people. No one wants to inhale another's mucus covered germs without first being bought dinner. I wasn't there though, nor have I been subjected to the random racist things Asian folk have been subjected to recently.
This is what @hasanminhaj gets for doing a whole ass episode about the Asian-American vote and interviewing Andrew Yang and Cory Booker but NOT interviewing Kamala Harris, the only South Asian running for President.  …
Door knocking for Bernie is being excited when you have Hispanic, Arabic, or Asian sounding last names because you know they'll likely be a 1 or 2.
People: *accuse Cass of being an Asian stereotype because she fights good and is quiet and submissive even though she really isn't* Me, massive fan of her mom who fights good and to this day still gets written as a violent seductive temptress and has a name that makes no sense: 
#InspriationAsim The lowest paid is the 24th sexiest Asian man! The lowest paid is recognized by international star like @JohnCena The lowest paid is the inspiration for a million of ppl! @imrealasim @realumarriaz 
I talked to @ericnamofficial about crossing back over & Asian-American representation. He performs 2nite @HOBHouston  to a show, not only are you hopefully enjoying the music but I like to think that we're all contributing to a bigger 
Quite a lot of the "working-class voters" Toby mentions are black and Asian, and may have particularly good reasons for refusing to wear "empire" as a badge of pride. It's not "pro-British" to have a system of honours that many patriotic Britons will feel unable to accept.
My latest: The Oscars nominated “Parasite” but not its Asian actors. It’s part of a pattern. With thoughts from ⁦ @originalspin⁩, ⁦ @ReignOfApril⁩, Elaine Kim and  …
people in high school would ask me is my mom chinese or asian. she’s korean.  …
are armys really crying and losing their mind over random asian men they see on the street now? y’all are really embarrassing at this point... stop it. get help  …
splaining an asian man's own experience to him is getting there, though.
New Cassandra Cain graphic novel shows Asian American girls can be Batgirl too  …
Coughed on the metro Could have used two fewer women glaring at me like I was about to contaminate them (Could do With way less media narrative on the whole coronavirus being an Asian thing)
Text AAPI to 24477 to stay up to date with #TeamWarren's Asian American and Pacific Islander organizing program!  …
Ended the afternoon trying to help my five year old - who wanted to find sculpture from the Ramayana in the @britishmuseum - but - apart from the Garuda in the South Asian gallery - which is not Ramayana specific - no luck. Tips anyone please? 
Y’all out here hugging random asian men cause they remind you of ur kpop boys??? CHILE  …
Why eggs always acting like they own Chinese people, it’s so weird and many of them ain’t Asian so you technically another non Asian western person treating Asian people as collectibles, weird asf.
We're here for our Asian hermanos facing racism and xenophobia right now. Let's all call out fear mongering when we see it.  …
The Oscars nominated ‘Parasite’ but looked right past its all-Asian cast. It’s part of a pattern. By ⁦ @ElaheIzadi⁩ “Historically & to the present day, the academy is more willing to honor films with Asian casts than to honor individual Asian actors.”  …
The Asian-American Advisory Board says it is cancelling Miami’s Chinese New Year Festival not because it fears people will get sick, but because of unwarranted fears of novel Coronavirus that would drive down attendance.  …
The face white people make when they mock what Asian people look like  …
Southeast Asian American and Asian American Organizations Across the Country Denounce Trump Administration’s Move to Increase Deportations to Laos  …
why is it that white people think im east asian but when i tell them im indigenous they call me white
Ten is currently nominated for the 2020 Asian Heartthrobs and  in the quarter finals! Voting is unlimited and the deadline is February 14th.  …
“she is asian” “you don’t know that she could be korean” 
The Southeast Asian lycophyte, Selaginella picta, maintains strikingly uniform patterns of variegation along its plume-like branches that is not a product of horticultural breeding. These plants look exactly like this in the wild too. 
The Association for Asian Studies -- a key organization for the academic study of South Asia in the United States -- joins the growing list of academic organizations to condemn India's actions in Kashmir, the CAA/NRC, and police brutality.  …
A British Asian musician tweets about hate speech. This is the idiotic response. Solidarity with @thenitinsawhney, who is BRITISH, not Indian. Tony, please do go and research the British Empire. The British *literally* spent 300 years promoting their religion and culture 
The opposite of Pete Buttigieg is an Asian man who does his own homework. 
I’ve said it once, I will say it again. I DO NOT CARE ABOUT THESE ASIAN NGGAS  …
Those girlies get all excited and started hugging that guy because he is asian? For real now  …
'In a working  or Asian household when you go home and tell your mum you’re leaving a job that pays you every month, on time, to tell jokes… it’s really a miracle I’m still alive.' Watch my interview with the hilarious @GuzKhanOfficial:  
Remember when this happened, BTS the first and only Korean/Asian artists to ever get a gold certification in France 
yall really are hugging a random dude at a shopping mall just because he looks asian ,,,, what is wrong with people fr some of yall are disgusting. leave the poor dude alone, what makes you think this is okay ? it isnt and it will never be  …
There was no "ill intent" when Wendy van Dijk, a white woman, did yellowface and called herself "Ushi" from 2001-2012. She also did blackface in 2009. Ushi's catchphrase was "Solly, my Engrish is not so very bad!" and to this day, she is the most famous Asian on Dutch television 
| #AlHilal continues the preparations for the Asian match against Iran’s “Shahr Khodro” 
THEY’RE HUGGING THIS DUDE JUST CUZ HE’S ASIAN ??????  …
i am extremely  you're hugging someone, mobbing them, and crying just because they're asian? the obsession and fetishisation isn't healthy i'm actually so disgusted  …
Racing season is here! Wishing @mattdracing great success in the @woodbrothers21 This was back in the outlaw kart days and Matt was the kid to beat each week! Matt with the Asian Invasion-TyLui(Chinese) Brian Southers (Filipino) & @KyleLarsonRacin (Japanese) 
Loving the South Asian representation in Doctor Who The performances from all 3 were/have been great Just a shame that Yaz is probably the least  since 2005 
People often ask me what it's like to grow up Asian in The Netherlands. It's seeing stuff like this consistently: Dutch radio DJ Lex Gaarthuis made a carnival song about people who died from coronavirus, said it was satire and "apologized" that his humor went over people's heads. 
At a Starbucks where a very uppity lady kept demeaning the Asian barista and when asked for her name "Amanda", spelled it out slowly and then asked him if he understood. When her order came up, another barista announced "hot chocolate for Derpa!" It's the small wins.
"8. Beginning of murders..." Stephen Lawrence has been cited in the UK parliament over 2,000 times. Not one of the hundreds of Britons murdered by Black and Asian savages seen in this video (all killed since Stephen died) was ever mentioned.  …
Asian twitter content : -Bitchy girls who dont leave their yard -Mandem who post pictures of all their motives -Bitchy boys who are simps and dont leave yard -Simps -Religious fellas who educate -Peng people who post selfies and dip -Allot of cunts. -A few nice people. -Memes
[BREAKING] 23 years old South Korean heir, Youngtaek Son, inherits $101 billion,  the youngest East Asian billionaire in the world. 
Pete is a front runner because he is white. He constantly steals Yang’s talking points while Yang is brushed aside because he is Asian and erased by the media. This is America #PeteCopiesYang #DemDebates #LetYangSpeak
TRUMP'S WINNING 4 AMERICA PEACE & PROSPERITY BLUE COLLAR BOOM WINNING Economy JOBS For All 7 Million Jobs Created Lowest African American unemployment in History Lowest Hispanic American unemployment in History Lowest Asian American unemployment in History 
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Alden Richards vs Jackson Wang 
#PeteCopiesYang is view into some sinister racism. A white guy stealing the Asian man's talking points while the MSM silences him. I'm sure this happens to my Asian American brothers and sisters on the regular. I'm so ashamed that this happens in America in 2020.
Another preprint feeding conspiracy theories, this time that the coronavirus was specifically designed to affect Asian people. The paper is has a sample size of... ONE. I'm a huge preprint fan, but the coronavirus situation has shaken my faith a bit...  …
So sad when Asian being racist bc of CoronaVirus So share result of this small pj again When other country in trouble, many Asians don't hesitate to help But now they being racist bc they're Asian All u need to protect urself is keep healthy,wear mask,wash hands Not attack others  …
1/ Dear fellow black Americans, I get your suspicion of @PeteButtigieg. He is a  Countless white politicians  and gone, speaking to YOU directly, making promises, but no fundamental changes made. As a fellow Asian, I cannot attest to what it’s like to have
Dilraju & Asian  Bought Nizam Rights Of #RRR for whopping 85 Cr #SSRajamouli #KomaramBheemNTR #RamCharan
Continuing the great tradition of how western pop culture sees Asian women.  
when that kpop boy said that his wish is to develop the asian economy
Preparing for makeup: Mardji, an Asian elephant who portrayed the Bantha in Star Wars, A New Hope 
"What it's like to never ever see yourself on TV." Author Charles Yu on growing up Asian in America 
I sat next to #ATEEZ’s families and during their closing ments, the members were crying and ATINYs were crying and I looked over and the guy closest to me was laughing. Asian families are truly Asian families, no matter how popular you are. #ATEEZinSeoul #에이티즈인서울
Asian boys when you catch them staring at you  …
The new currency in Asian gambling. 
Keep voting here. We have very low likes  here. Use the instagram you have to vote for him.. Link vote: 100 Asian heartthrobs 2020:  100 best face 2020:  #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク 
I love Bangkok. Its one of the best Asian city to be in, and mostly a testament of a place unfucked by Colonialism.
Petition for armys to  edit or do “BTS as” threads on anything East Asian fandom related. Mfs hate us and the boys too much to ever allow it. It’s so unfair because literally every other fandom gets to do this, but never gets the same energy
“FACILITIES AT the New Clark City used during the 2019 Southeast Asian Games will be used as quarantine site for Filipinos repatriated from Hubei, China amid the spread of the 2019 novel coronavirus (nCoV).” #NasaanTatayMoFrank  …
who’s your asian cutie? 
Sexiest Asian Woman #Sanjivani Fame Actress @SurbhiChandna Aka #Dr.Ishani Is Soaring In The Weekend Vibes With This Adorable Kohl Look 
I’m confused #YangGang did you really think that it would be easy for an Asian man who is an outsider in politics to win? We knew it would be hard. It’s time to wake up and fight the real fight. The fight for #HumanityFirst never ends. We’re in it for the long run!
Won Best actor Won KKK Won Asian Best Model Winning #BB13 
- Global recognition - endorsed by none other than @JohnCena - Sexiest Asian Man in the world; best  & 24th on the list. @asjadnazir - TV Personality of the year; 4th on the list. @RajBaddhan Most inspiring journey #BB13 #InspirationAsim 
Asian female public figure opens up about their sexuality and @piersmorgan mocks them. *29 hours later* White male public figure opens up about their sexuality and it “takes a lot guts”. Presumably because some reaction will be negative...see 29 hours previous for 
The difference in the replies under the ones saying an western male deserved it instead & the ones talking about an Asian male under this twt and y'all say y'all ain't xenoph0bic  …
Hilarious!! This funny TV show "Fresh Off the Boat" about Asian Americans just basically showed you what's been happening to @AndrewYang. And get this? The show is on ABC and the actress endorsed Warren. 
Korean parents, like many Asian parents, don't really directly say "I love you" so they instead say things like "많이 먹어" "eat a lot" so it makes it extra extra precious that JAEMIN is telling czennies to eat a huge bowl of rice and be thick ㅋㅋㅋㅋ
"ok and if she's not asian then what are you guys gonna say?" "she IS asian" "you don't know that she could be korean" mA'AM WHERE IS KOREA TO YOU 
Special message by Mr Yao Wen, Deputy Director General, Department of Asian Affairs, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs for the Pakistani media on the efforts underway by the Government of China  the #coronavirus & also expressed gratitude for the support by 
Maybe I’m not the one to send this...but: You’d think you’d see thousands of tweets right now about what it’s like to be Asian American and made to feel invisible. Or maybe there are and I just can’t see them? #YangGang #DemDebate  …
Delighted 2b speaking on #cyp #mentalhealth #socialmedia 2parents of #asian #muslim children in Wandsworth during #ChildrensMentalHealthWeek c fellow #psychiatrist #salimjakhra #TimeToTalk @DrHamidAlhaj @ImranDAS @Selinarajan @DrJonGoldin @MalikGul @asangafern 
There is a no-paywall version of my article on the gender and family history of the "criminal tribes" available here:  . Its read only (not downloadable), but still, glad Modern Asian Studies and some other journals are doing this. DM me 4 a pdf if u need.  …
Let’s vote for Jimin in “100 Asian Hearththrobs 2020-The Battle Round” How To Vote (Picture 1) He is currently 53.73% and 3 more days to end the poll. This is an UNLIMITED poll so let’s vote as much as we can.  … #JIMIN 
to all those #YangGang being disappointed in @AndrewYang performance... now u know what it's like to be Asian in this country We are set to a higher standard and anything less is a disappointment Now u know why Asians over achieve
yes i am a coughing asian girl you should avoid at all costs—not because i got coronavirus’d but because i just smoked a fat blernt and need to be ALONE
Hi, I'm @PeteButtigieg, You can trust me as your next president because i copied all my answers from the Asian guy standing next to me. You know those Asians have all the DATA! So lets get the economy to work for You because YOU... HAVE... INTRINSIC... VALUE! #DemDebates
“you don’t know she’s asian, she could be Korean” ..... girl what?  …
Vote for Jungkook 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 - Starmometer - Facebook:  … - Instagram:  Like  with hashtag " #Jungkook #BTS #Kpop #100AsianHeartthrobs " #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #100AsianHeartthrobs2020 
You can thank this Asian American doctor for Play-Doh 
"For this project you're gonna have to draw" "So, in history, the gays-" "Asian countries" "Manga" "Feminist movement" "Rock/metal music"  …
(the widespread East Asian belief in blood groups as a personality type dates to Japanese military pseudoscience of the 1920s and 30s used in the recruitment of soldiers)
SK DONUTS is the best Asian Donut spot in Union City and it ain’t even close
An Asian girl can be Batgirl too. In fact one was Batgirl for about a decade. Remember that? We should do that again 
just turned in 1000 recyclables, took that $50 to the asian food store, and confirmed my theory that if u  tasty things in a pot it  a delicious soup automatically. ps. those are 0 carb yam noodles for my low carb peeps out there 
Thank you Asia one awards for recognizing the hard work and achievements by @SunnyLeone !!! @StarStruckbySL fastest growing brand in Asia !!! @SunnyLeone most influential Asian u see 40!!! @SunnyLeone women empowerment!!! 
Dear ⁦ @KirenRijiju⁩ ji, the ‘golden boy’ of Indian boxing is not able to arrange money for his cancer treatment. Asian Gold medallist Dingko Singh has had to sell his house. He is still struggling. Pls help ⁦  …
It was my honor to be a part of this year's Chinese New Year dinner hosted by the Las Vegas Asian Chamber of Commerce. You are a key part of what makes Nevada and the USA so great! 
Y’all doing this but racially profiling Asian people over the Coronavirus  …
If a girl is half white and half asian does she fuck dogs or eat them?
YORANGDANS Please Vote For KIM YOHAN in 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round He still in behind Link Vote  … Remaining time: 4 DAYS Vote unlimited + NO LOGIN required #김요한 
I was invited at @ColumbiaSIPA by South Asian Students Society for a informal talk on Women and Youth in Politics. It was very enriching to exchange thoughts with these bright talented students. @ujjwaldeepak @Columbia @Columbia_Biz @arvindsubraman @LKYSch 
Ulan is part of Copenhagen Asian Film Festival! Schedules on photo below! #NadineLustre Copenhagen Asian Film Fest Ig 
13/ I believe we all have a very clear answer that it is in no way acceptable. If anyone finds that it is acceptable to do so just because the virus originates from an Asian country, it is blatant racism.
I really like Andrew Yang and would love to see a Asian president.
Unemployment is LOW for ALL Americans because of President Trump: 6% African American unemployment—before POTUS, African American unemployment was NEVER below 7% 4.3% Hispanic American unemployment—near-record low 3% Asian American unemployment—near-record low #DemDebate
#DemDebate @AndrewYang can tell you about racism. Asian Americans are often made invisible. Like him on this stage right now and during this whole election with media blackout.
Honored and just a tad emotional to see A PLACE AT THE TABLE by myself and @LauraShovan on this list of amazing South Asian books. Our stories matter, you better believe it! Thanks @pooja_makhijani  …
all i see is a bunch of white people arguing who has more black friends and a asian trying give us all more buying power and stoping the cont. economic segragation
Y'all must be new to stan twitter because edits like those happens all the time. Wether they're white, Asian , black or purple. But whatever. Go on and get your 14.4k rts and 30K likes.
It grinds my mf GEARS when someone asks “are you asian or Chinese?” idk bitch are you dumb or stupid???
Loved (!?!) when @TomSteyer talked about bringing minorities into the party as the only Asian on stage, @AndrewYang, waved to be called on only for the moderators to call on a white guy @PeteButtigieg
Steyer just used the AAPI (Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders) acronym. That's the first time I've heard AAPI used in a #DemDebate this race.
That’s Asian Jim man  …
Has anyone else noticed how for Black People we have #BlackHistoryMonth but for other groups it's "heritage" month, for example, National Native American Heritage Month, National Hispanic Heritage Month, Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, etc. We're considered history. #ADOS
Look at this proper Asian 
My Asian friend said lets get drunk tonight he’s bring the Coronas over I said naw nigga you better bring bud light nigga had me fucked up
I would take a Democratic socialist over a narcissist liar any day. I would take a woman over a narcissist liar any day. I would take a sane young gay guy over a narcissist liar and day. I would take an Asian geek, an older statesman or other sane individual over Trump.
Let. The. Asian. Man. Talk. #DemDebates
I just want a Asian too lick
Am I drunk or does @Andrewyang have the look and mannerisms of an Asian @jamiekilstein? #DemDebate
“since she’s asian she’s either 13 or 35” “don’t assume she’s asian she could be korean and get offended” bitch i have never EVER seen such ignorance and stupidity like this before ... god i hate rich privileged yt ppl i cannot believe ppl got Them famous 
When an old asian man won’t stop staring at me on public transport  …
In 2016 & 2018, the GOP received between 25-30% of the Asian American vote.  …
If you're Asian American or Canadian and a romance reader, hit me up. I'm beginning to think there are about 25 of us on Twitter and that's it.
She did this a lot at the Asian Tour and I wish she'd do it again omfg  …
Imma only say this once. Asian girls are underrated, but they are on the rise.
When a series has multiple racial minorities and none of them are related (especially Asian characters) oh thank god
Dr. Rena Malik 1st generation South Asian American Urologist and Mother shares her experience growing up in the United States, her path to  a physician and with refreshing candor the challenge of navigating romance while balancing cultural expectations 
When women channel their rage and kick some serious a**. Oh how cathartic this movie was for me. I speak to Cathy Yan, the first Asian American woman to direct a superhero film, abt #BirdsOfPreyMovie. Produced/edited by @mallory_yu/ @sarahhandel. 
Presented in a Pokémon product ideation meeting today and legit gave them some dope and solid ideas that they never considered to do. It’s so important to have all types of people in these rooms — millennial, black, white, Asian. Proud to say one of my product ideas was selected
Congratulations to @DavidWuGmu who has made history by  @CUNY's first Asian American college president. Confident that he'll bring his track record of success to @BaruchCollege. I wish him the very best & look forward to working with 
Imagine mi just successfully fight the urge fi go get asian food  see this!  …
When you’re with your asian crew, you unfortunately feel the need to scream “NO CORONA” everywhere you go. 
While also criticizing him for trading in problematic Asian stereotypes!  …
someone stop these asian men from moving mad on the tl. same men have never even held hands w a girl
What?! A PLACE AT THE TABLE by me and @SaadiaFaruqi is one of @TeenVogue's 10 Books With South Asian Characters You Should Read in 2020! On my TBR are books by @supriyakelkar_, @rahkan, @SamiraAhmedUK... actually, they all look fantastic.  …
It is not the first time that Al Hilal goalkeeper Abdullah Al-Ma’youf and the Asian chief have faced off and live his best days in this ancient club. @Alhilal_FC 
Flu Frenzy: Panic Buying Empties Asian Store Shelves  …
Why is it so hard for people to identify racism against Asian people as racism. All this handwringing about xenophobia and a hundred other euphemisms. Say the word!
One Its & Yorangdans, Please Vote For KIM YOHAN 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round Yohan masih ketinggalan jauh. Please Vote & RT. Link and tutorial  … #김요한 #KIMYOHAN #X1 
I just did an interview for my fourth business and culture story about Asians and Asian Americans/Canadians this week. There is no shortage of stuff to report on. I am grateful to all my editors.
We have extra steel from our #fences4kenya order. We are using to install new training areas in the Asian Ele habitat, so Lady won't have  back to the barn as much! To everyone who RT or donated to our campaign, Lady says THANK YOU!! Details - 
Africa Indians Is a aren't Country Asian Same dumb4$$energy
RT/BOOST I’m a 3rd gen queer/trans southeast asian & now officially and legally the caretaker of my grandma who has dementia. We are both displaced at friend’s houses and in need of HOUSING TOGETHER ASAP. EVERYTHING HELPS  V3NMO @/ 
If you call the travel ban against coronavirus, ”racist”. Please explain why there are no restrictions on Taiwan, Hong Kong, Japan or any other Asian country besides for Mainland China? It's the epicentre of the virus. They're quarantining their own cities for goodness sake.
Royal Caribbean Cruises has banned people with Chinese, Hong Kong or Macau passports because of the coronavirus — "regardless of when they were there last." The WHO called out reports of anti-Asian discrimination over the virus, calling ethnic stigma "completely unacceptable." 
Indian women's team has withdrawn from  Badminton Asian Championships citing health apprehension due to #CoronavirusOutbreak, said the Badminton Association of India (BAI) on Friday. The Badminton Asian Ch'ships will be held in Manila, Philippines, from February 11-16. 
Has anyone noticed that when the media constructs a hit piece against an Asian American, they get an Asian American author to write the hit piece?
In despair & submission through constant beatings, stabbings & psychological trauma, the stick behind his ear will be used to beat him if he drops. Sign @stae_elephants petition demanding new UK law to ban the sale of brutal Asian elephant holidays:  
It was a cool story: the Pentagon told Congress it gave $3 million to "Central Asian Engineering" to build a natural gas station in Afghanistan & run it with "Qashqari Oil Services." We called the station & the guy who picked up never heard of either firm.  …
The media loves baseless hit pieces against “uppity” Asian Americans who dare to have a voice in a system dominated by white politicians, white journalists, and white pundits who victim appropriate and attack people of color with reckless abandon.
“At the RNC, we are so proud of all that Asian  have achieved & how Asian Americans continue to enrich our nation’s culture.” - @GOPChairwoman 
No one wanna hear Asian rap  …
ASIAN CAM STREAMER SHOWS FAVORITE FINGER TECHNIQUES WHILE SCREAMING 
Sometimes I wonder. All of my films that I’ve made have Asian leads and majority Asian cast. Do I have to have majority Caucasian cast to be taken more “seriously” or more credible as a filmmaker? I have a lot of non-Asian actors I’d love to work with. Isn’t this f*cked?
my Asian mother shouting in the distance: look at yuzuru, he can  all of that AND probably keep his room clean and tidy!!!!!  …
USE YOUR VOICE TO ADVOCATE FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE SILENCED!!! Black, white, Hispanic, Asian or whatever! We all have a voice and the power to create change. THIS IS HOW YOU START! The harasser thought just because the woman defending them was yt, she wasn’t gonna take a stand  …
Worst part about the British grading system? I tried to explain to my immigrant parents that anything above 70% is the top grade and my dad had a go at me for not getting closer to 100% Asian parents strike again
"Katy isn't Asian" "Katy isn't British" and what does it matter? she is doing a great job, I think you need to calm down
Y’all remember when them Asian niggas tried to give Jaden Smith the Corona Virus? 
We’re Asian Americans & Pacific Islanders and we’re Ridin’ with @JoeBiden! Join our conversation with @BeraForCongress on the importance of AAPIs in this year’s presidential election. #AAPIsRidinWithBiden 
Typical asian dads  …
To this day he is the only Asian male to win Best Supporting Actor. 
The thing about Cass Cain's non-verbalness that I really dug was that it was centered around her neurodivergence rather than Asian exoticism. Which I feel lots of people don't know if they didn't invest in reading her solo run
A big part being Asian American is not being considered as an American.  …
Excited to share the latest addition to my #etsyshop: #Asian #Pottery #Pendant #ChineseLady #CeramicShard Pendant Vintage Gold Frame Collectible Vintage Gift For Her Themed Jewelry Boho Necklace  #jewelry 
Officially switching from fortnite pro to Asian rapper 
The Peppersoup Fish Curry - All I Do Is Cook - Afro-Asian Fusion Recipes  …
I still try to figure out how Asians be having this kinda soul when they sing? It’s a few Asian guys on instagram that sing like this
My nephew was the subject of a racist attack on Manchester tram yesterday by a man threatening to stab black and Asian people with a knife, and despite reporting it by phone then attending town hall yesterday he is still waiting for @gmpolice to take a statement! @AndyBurnhamGM
This asian girl = strict parents stereotype is so tired, everyday “your parents let you do that?” “dont you have curfew?” let it goooo man
People get away with racism against Asian because almost no one makes a fuss about it, including many Asian Americans.  …
Govt has also provided support to other countries in tackling the challenge posed by #nCOV . @ICMRDELHI has offered testing of samples for other SE Asian countries. Govt is constantly monitoring & taking necessary steps #NovelCoronavirus #nCoV1 @WHO #RajyaSabha 
Can a woman be President? Media: Yes! Can a gay person be President? Media: Yes! Can an asian be President? Media: 
easter egg: ariana is gonna be featured in the man remix woman is asian: ariana is asian (7 rings) she has a ponytail: so does ariana woman carrying woman in her hand: ariana (the future of pop) is carring the current music industry (taylor) 
Can you catch the corona virus from visiting Asian porn sites?
 sets us back generations and decades. Authenticity is everything, you can't buy that." @GuzKhanOfficial and @tezilyas on why British  needed 
The coronavirus is NOT a green light to target Asian Americans and Asian immigrants with Racism and Hate. Read our full statement here:  
Titleholder #AlHilal starts the preparations for the new Asian version #AlHilal_Infographic 
| Preparations are underway for the Asian Championship #AlHilal 
Quick #fridayfacts for you: Most Asian top-tier championship in : #Esteghlal Most top-tier league* in : #Esteghlal Most Hazfi (domestic cup) in : #Esteghlal No team has more H2H wins vs #Esteghlal. *: Including all top-tier leagues, pre PGPL 
Tian Zhao（赵天）is the leader of the Strategic Defense Coalition (SDC), a Chinese-led East Asian military alliance. Do you know his background story? COMMENT below if you think he is a good or bad guy! 
7 years ago today. We started MADE in Kansas City. I met this Asian dude & white dude @work. 3 weeks knowing them we built a business. No knowledge, lil experience, $4k investment. 7 years in we grew into 11 man team.3 stores.50 states sales,11 countries, carried in 30+ stores 
I think it’s  many of them grew up liking things in Asian pop culture like anime and cosplaying like Sasha banks for example
If you take out East Asian women from the averages, the numbers get even worse...  …
I think it was an easy fix, just give her a different name. It’s possible that they didn’t want another voiceless Asian flawless goddess assassin, and that’s perfectly fair, but it would have been the same movie character if they had names her Nancy Floogenbottom, not Cass.
But she became so much more. She was also one of the first truly successful solo Asian heroes at  Her struggles with speech and reading and socialization were hugely meaningful to so many people. I love Cass dearly, and this is not a Cass I recognize.
I don’t think of it as an insult so much as a missed opportunity. Like basically all of the Asian martial arts characters of that era at the big two (I do not exclude myself from this at all), there’s stuff in her early stores that reeks of exoticism and more. Fair enough.
Someone really had the audacity to call the ER I’m at while I was there and ask if the doctor is Asian, when the receptionist said “Yes, the doctor is Asian” they asked to be seen by another “white” doctor. Y’all someone rather die than be seen by an Asian doctor, I cant
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Cha Eun Woo vs Ten 
PW is searching for new book reviewers. We’re especially looking for people who are well-versed in African-American, Asian-American, Latinx, LGBTQ, Native American, and immigration experiences to cover both fiction and nonfiction. Learn more here.  
harry styles is breaking gender norms by painting his nails, wearing makeup and earrings but when asian men do it they’re emasculated and labeled as effeminate ?? try telling me the construction of hegemonic masculinity isn’t rooted in race. god I hate white people. 
NEW Dig It! Podcast @TheSharpEdge1 @TheSpeaker2018 @CoreysDigs • Chapter 2 of Corey's book on the AIDS slush fund • Edge & Speaker's report on Asian Bioweapons • Coronavirus updates • The Iowa Caucus debacle • SOTU • Trump's acquittal and more!  …
Our girls Odunayo Adekuoroye (57kg) and Blessing Oborududu (68kg) will climb to World No. 1 and 2 respectively with an expected gold medal triumph tomorrow, pending the conclusion of the Asian and European Champs. #WrestleAlger @dynamiteigali @NigeriaOlympic 
sounds like asian parents tbh 
Under Pres. @realDonaldTrump workers have seen the lowest unemployment rate in 50 years. We have experienced record low unemployment for women, African Americans, Latino Americans, and Asian Americans. We cannot turn our backs on this kind of success @DonaldJTrumpJr 
2020 is off to a hot start! 225,000 jobs added in Jan, smashing expectations. Labor force participation is “highest of this recovery.” Over 7M jobs since @realDonaldTrump was elected. African American, Hispanic, Asian & women’s unemployment remained at generational lows.
#RealityCheck 1 Word for #AsimRiaz RETWEET = 24th Sexiest Asian Boy Like = 4th Tv Personality 2019 #Asim #AsimForTheWin #StarBoyAsim #IStandWithAsim #ISupportAsim #BigBoss13 @imrealasim #AsiManshi #BB13 
*random asian guy walks by* my irls:  …
yibo fancams aside, please delete this photo, op. yibo isnt your "random asian guy" to edit on with your fave's face. this is disrespectful to both yibo and jimin.
LY: Tear has  1 year in the Belgium Albums (Ultratop Flanders) chart. It is the 2nd Asian Album to achieve this after LY: Answer! #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
White male goes to jail for hurty words against Yvette Cooper. Should have identified as "Asian" - he'd be claiming his pension before the cops even knocked on his door. Just kidding - they would never knock on his door.  …
yibo isn’t someone you just use as a template for your kpop boys, he’s a figure in the industry too. ofc you can recognise a style that looks good on him and want it for your favs, but don’t edit him out of his own picture. asian boys are not dolls for you to play dress-up with.
Great America Comeback PEACE & PROSPERITY WINNING Economy 49% approval GOP 94% approval 7 Million Jobs Created 3.5% Unemployment Rate USMCA & ChinaTrade Deals Stock Market Highest Ever Lowest African American, Hispanic & Asian unemployment in History 
We just developed an entire export industry premised on the notion that Asian LNG would stay at $6-8/mmbtu  …
BREAKING Asian LNG prices hit fresh all-time low below the $3 per million Btu barrier, long considered untouchable. The benchmark Platts JKM tumbled to $2.95 per million Btu on Friday, extending its record low plunge this week | via @SStapczynski and @a_shiryaevskaya #LNG
Men go through soo much pressure in their 20s & 30s which they don’t usually voice because they’ve grown up thinking they have to be seen as strong for the rest of their family (esp in asian culture)
>ride a elevator with a asian family >rush into the room and wash my hands and face A..am i a bad person 
CHOOSE YOUR ASIAN BOI: MIKI EDITION 
i think i read somewhere that there's this idea that Asian cinema is viewed as exceptionally violent because it's entry point into america was kung-fu movies.
hi would it kill you to NOT edit your fave’s face onto the face of another fave? just because they’re both asian doesnt mean you can just yeet it off like please just dont try editing your faves faces over the cql cast (or characters) PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE I BEG YOU
Hey @imrealasim In these 3 Months, With Many Hearts you have also Won :- • Title of 24th Sexiest Asian Man. • 4th Rank in TV Personality. • Lakhs of Followers on Instagram from 20k to 1.1M+ followers. • Every Trends of 15 Million+ Tweets • John Cena Post 
Only #FiveThingsILoveAboutTheBBC? We've got loads! There's the BBC Symphony Orchestra, Concert Orchestra, Philharmonic Orchestra, National Orchestra of Wales, Scottish Symphony Orchestra, Radios 1, 2, 3, 1Xtra, 6 Music, Asian Network, local radio...  …
One of the micro-aggressions persisting in theatre is starting ‘rumours’ that a Black or Asian writer is  There is no way someone can know this info without speaking to me or my agent directly. And how often have I heard that said about white writers...none!
This Asian Crispy Sesame Chicken is a delicious homemade alternative to that naughty takeaway!  … #sesamechicken #fakeaway #betterthantakeout #Asianchicken
Help Us Save The Asian Elephants by Liking and Sharing This Post #savetheasianelephants - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange
Asian nations have profited handsomely from the impressive growth in tourists from China over the past decade, but the specter of a rapidly spreading virus has raised concerns over industry prospects. 
Lai Guanlin made it to the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round. Click the link below to vote for him. #라이관린 #賴冠霖 #LAIGUANLIN  …
@Alhilal_FC most popular asian sport team on #youtube during january 2020. 7,11M of 
asian armys please interact with this tweet if you still didn't attend bts concert!
Congrats to you on your tickets but in a lot of Asian families, parents support their children till they’re financially independent and when the parents are old then the kids take care of them fully. So no a lot of people don’t need to feel guilty.  …
Japan Women's National Rugby Championship will take place in Kumagaya on Sunday 9 February The tournament will help narrow down players ready for #Tokyo2020 as well as for the #RWC2021 Asian final qualifiers in March! Who'll make the cut?  …
Watch US NFP tonight. Expectations 165k vs prev 145k; Average hourly earnings 3%YoY Asian FX has been hammered since 20 Jan 2020 (Wuhan lock-down around then). The economic news out of Asia has been bad & US has been good so questions is whether we get a break next wk. DXY 98.5! 
Really tired of white and Asian people describing how nice their white areas of the UK are without describing their inherent racism, which is always targeted by far the most at black people. Silence  and black and Asian lived experiences are not the same  …
The lineup for Osaka Asian Film Festival 2020 is revealed! A record 64 films will be screened with new sections and special projects celebrating works from 23 countries and regions! The schedule will be announced soon and tickets go on sale on February 23.  …
LSS, Write About Love & #Metamorphosis at the 2020 OSAKA Asian Film Festival this March:  … @castrojade @TheKhalilRamos @c1origs
racism isn’t just oppression it’s treating other races like they’re inferior to yours and demonizing asian culture, acting as if things you aren’t accustomed to make people unclean/dirty is racist!
She should follow Jameela Jamil's brave example and  out as Asian. Some people may scoff, but if you know in your heart that you're something…  …
Katy Perry is facing criticism for being appointed as an ambassador for the British Asian Trust. Let us know your thoughts... 
I'm just saying.... I feel llike shit and I want to take your wallet. { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme femdom brat Asian } 
ur typical asian pose 
Anti-Asian racism is spreading since the outbreak of the coronavirus. 
I’ve tried so many races, it’s time for an asian man.. slide into my dms. 
Do u know in othr Asian fandoms animal emojis r used, to represent their idol. how abt we all decide one emo fr #VivianDsena too? I think tiger or lion would suit him gng by his personality&work. How he let his work speak&doesn't get involve etc #12YearsOfVivianDsena Vote
[ @stellajero_'s IG STORY UPDATE] SSKKKRRT, aren't we on Kuya Stell's zone in this rainy afternoon after seeing his IG story update? Being the heartthrob that he is, please do vote him on the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020! #WonderxSB19 #SB19GMMSFAwardee #SB19GoUpOnWMA 
What? No. I’m a white Jew. By specifying that, imho it makes it clearer that there are also many Jews who do not have white privilege , eg Black Jews, Latinx Jews, Asian Jews, many Mizrahi and Sephardi Jews, etc.  …
The Thai Minister of Public Health today angrily said all of those [CENSORED] farang tourists should be kicked out of Thailand if they refuse to wear face masks. He went on to say Asian tourists accepted the face masks he handed out, but not those [CENSORED] European tourists.
two of the  book movies this year are directed by asian women, y’all we WON 
Coronavirus turns Asian cruise ships into prison hulks 
He didnt discredit those legends. He just said those legends wore makeup were fine but asian men esp BTS is not acc to boomers.
No Asian artist has as much experience as you do in both Asian and Western music industries. How are they different? In your opinion, what's the biggest challenge Asian artists face in America? #FallonAsksBTS #FallonTonight @FallonTonight @BTS_twt
my future Asian queen prolly studying for her bio midterm rn... keep going babe you definitely gotta be the breadwinner in the relationship
SO EXCITED to share my #pitchwars entry THE STONE QUEEN, my #YA #ownvoices South Asian-inspired #F Thank you to the amazing @LyndsayEly for getting this book to a truly fantastic place. I couldn't have done it without you!!  
Must read piece by @RahulJJacob on how the coronavirus could bring Asian economies to a shuddering halt. The temperature checks and controls  useless!  …
Throughout history, Black, Asian, Native, and Latinx women have often rallied for the same rights as white women without the same results. 
Asian style melt-in-the-mouth pork belly, stuffed into a soft brioche bun and loaded with quick pickled veggies and a jalapeno kick! This is one indulgent pork burger. Perfect for a weekend treat!  … #pork #burger 
My #pitchwars book THE STONE QUEEN, an #ownvoices South Asian-inspired #YA #F is UP! It's about a warrior priestess who must learn to harness her magical heritage in order to rescue her sister. But ultimately, it's about the search for belonging.  …
This is arguably the most heinous crime of the 21st century. Were the United States or a EU country profiting from the mass murder of Muslims and sale of body parts, it’d be the only thing people are talking about. But because it’s China, a secretive Asian juggernaut...silence.
In a Test Inning, Asian Bowlers to pick 5 wickets - 179 players 6 wickets - 102 players 7 wickets - 47 players 8 wickets - 21 players 9 wickets - 8 players 10 wickets - Kumble Today In 1999 Kumble became 1st Asian bowler to take ten wickets in a Test inning 26.3–9–74–10
Malay malaysian ke or we talking about south east asian definition of actual malay  …
oh, and anyone who thinks "how can someone be asian and a white supremacist" is a good or smart thing to say is just revealing that they don't know enough asian people
COME WE FOLLOW EACH OTHER African European Asian St for streaming.
“My wish is to develop the Asian economy.” - Lee Jangjun wtf this kid said 
I am Asian (and a nurse) and that is definitely not caused by a boba. Omg you are such a boba
other idols: wishing something about their group future jangjun: my wish is to develop the asian economy 
asian armys ready to lempang ungrateful barat fans be like
In case you’re wondering how the whole coronavirus thing is going, I witnessed a man riding a Segway yelling “coronavirus!!” at an Asian family (including small children) on 11th and Mission a few minutes ago. I told him to shut the fuck up, obviously.
15,000 members of the Southeast Asian American  face deportation to countries they fled decades ago due to war and genocide, countries to which they no longer have ties or in which they have never even set foot. We need a  …
Asian people in the UK say the coronavirus outbreak has led to a rise in racism, such as people appearing to avoid them on public transport. @darrenadam asks: How do we prevent fears of the coronavirus fueling 
he's so lucky to have a great support system and a family who support his dreams pursuing  from an asian family i know well not many asian parents can be that supportive when their children wants to pursue arts as something they want to do in the future.
YAY!! So beautiful! Thank you Community Tenants Association for endorsing @BernieSanders for POTUS! This will help Bernie with the Asian vote in CA for a Super Tuesday WIN. #Bernie2020 #AAPIForBernie  …
Favorite #DesiLit (South Asian) memoirs and autobiographies, friends? Popular, recent-ish ones I can recall: Paul Kalanithi's WHEN BREATH BECOMES AIR, Sonali Deraniyagala's WAVE, Sujatha Gidla's ANTS AMONG ELEPHANTS. Others? #PersonalEssay collections also count.
Asian Cine Square Uppal / Asian MJR Sqaure Narapally / DSL Cinepolis Uppal #SarileruNeekkevvaru 25 days gross 54lks (148 shows) / 45 lks (129 shows) / 45 lks (166 shows ) #AlaVaikunthapuramuloo 24 days gross 75 lks ( 179 shows) / 64 lks (162 shows) / 75 lks (226 shows)
I think Asian people are very beautiful. Its awful that they face so much discrimination while dating. I think its Black women and asian men that they say are the most discriminated against on apps.
Recently, EEHV was found to affect both Asian and African elephants. By studying the elephants in our care, we can find ways to manage this disease and help these animals in the wild and in human care. 
Asian niggas will cover their math test but won’t cover their mouth when they start coughing
Among African American- Bernie: 54% Warren: 19% Yang: 11% Buttigieg: 3% Biden: 10% Hispanic- Bernie: 56% Warren: 15% Yang: 16% Buttigieg: 2% Biden: 6% Asian- Bernie: 40% Warren: 13% Yang: 29% Buttigieg: 4% Biden: 6%
How old were you when you learned how to use chopsticks? We think Asian Street Eats in #DowntownDisney might have something to help you hone your skills. 
Why are all young Asian women chose to do press reviews on Sky from the left!? Can we switch it up a bit to stop feeding the stereotype please!?
I think this exact moment was cut out in the edits lol but you should watch our episode of @fullsizerunshow regardless! We talk about Asian sneakerheads and then go thru some of our old photos  … @FungBros 
what if asian representation but only if asian women are property of asian men  …
I’ve just been invited to submit for the casting of a South Asian Muslim character on a new show. I’m not going to submit for the role because I’m not South Asian. It’s super easy to stay in your lane
STOP!! COSPLAYING!! ASIAN!! CHARACTERS!! AND !!! TAPING!! OR!! CHANGING!!! YOUR!!! EYE!!! SHAPE!! TO !! LOOK!! ASIAN!! IT!! IS!! DISGUSTING!!
This is top 5 worst tweets  out of asian twitter 
Watch a preview of CAAM co-produced series "Asian Americans", the most ambitious television chronicle of the Asian American story in the United States, premiering on PBS during Asian Pacific American Heritage Month in May. For info:  
them : "you okay??" me : "yeah” my headphones: RE:RE: ASIAN KUNG FU GENERATION 1:00 ━━❍─────── -2:35 ↻ ⊲ Ⅱ ⊳ ↺ Volume: ▁▂▃▄▅▆▇ 100% 
Which sad little piggy wants to be drained tonight? I’m bored and I wanna play findomme findom asian domme brat worship humanatm asianfindom paypig footworship 
might as well put it out there that I've been developing a graphic novel story & would love to work on it professionally with interested agents/publishers! It's a fantasy friendship story with heavy East Asian influence. Let's talk!  …
I can’t believe GROWN ass people are really making coronavirus jokes abt Asian students... some brown ppl rlly posted videos zooming in on Asian students acting all afraid like y’all realize this is how racist white ppl record us & call us terrorists right ?!!!
Seriously Katy Perry named an ambassador for the British Asian Trust’s Children’s Protection Fund, tasked with finding solutions to child trafficking. #QAnon  …
I'm trying to describe southeast asian immigrant households and their aesthetic sensibilities without ever writing anything in the ballpark of "east meets west" because I absolutely abhor the phrase
The wait is finally over: @fullsizerunshow is back for Season 6. The @FungBros stopped by for the premiere to bust myths about Asian Americans and sneakers WATCH:  
Jajeongmyeon is an amazing Korean take on a Chinese dish. There are also different versions of curry across Asia. I would love to see someone write about various Asian food cousins. H/t  …
‘There is something in a working  or Asian household where if you go home and tell your mum you’re leaving a job that pays you every month, on time, to tell jokes… it’s really a miracle I’m still alive’ - @GuzKhanOfficial 
UK guide to safeguarding from coronavirus: • Wash your hands • Avoid sneezing directly into someone’s eyes • Support your local Chinese/East Asian businesses you silly fucking tit
“Asian on a rock call that Yellowstone” - 
The BBC’s director of creative diversity June Sarpong has been confirmed as keynote speaker at the Make Diversity Your Business conference in Leicester, to  hire talented students and graduates from black, Asian and minority ethnic backgrounds #ProudToBeMore
I agree BTS is still ignored by majority of big critics but consider BTS are PIONEERS. They're the 1st asian group voting member of gr@mmys wheras Park Shan-wook, Bong Joon-ho have built some bridge with western critics & some Academy members since Old boy & Memories of Murder  …
[Article] MTV News "Whether intentionally or subsequently, BTS and Bong are challenging the outdated, largely white perceptions of Asian media in the West. They’re also normalizing Asian representation [...]" @BTS_twt #BTS  
i don't know how many non-asians know this, but coronavirus fears are now considered valid grounds for denying asian people healthcare, services, and housing. there's been at least one death from western neglect, so maybe think before you tweet something fearmonger-y.
How else could [they] stop the populist uprising? How else could [they] prevent freedom-loving individuals from very publicly asking the US to intervene? Additionally a new study suggests this particular virus is most aggressive towards the male population of East Asian descent.
We blocked the whole of Whitehall and if that flight goes, we will block if the whole of Parliament. #NoCharterFlights We want human rights. Lee Jasper was on fire. MP’s activists, trade unionists, campaigners, climate change activists, Asian Jews, black and white were unified. 
“Asian American literary history dawned with @UW Professor Shawn Wong" The ‘story behind the story’ of No-No Boy-- a look behind last year's New York Times headlines #yourlibrary @UWPress @uwnews @RedcarWong  
I’m Bussy Bear’s cousin, Bussy Twink. We’re East Asian so it’s last name first
French/Irish + Hawaiian/South East Asian 
Warren's campaign has been part of this change. CM Roger Lau is the 1st Asian American CM of a major presidential candidate. Pete's camp has also had some staffers of color depart and faced  from minority staffers.  …
As the deadly coronavirus spreads beyond China, the ensuing panic is inflaming bigotry against people of Asian descent around the world.  …
We are running #AsianMartialArtsJam from March to April. It is an analogue game jam for Asian creators to make our own martial arts games with our own voices. Pleas retweet if you have any Asian #ttrpg  …
More gas doesn't mean lower prices In a years time I will still be writing about how we pay more than the Asian markets do for Australian gas if Narrabri is given approval  … via @smh
Asian people in the UK say the coronavirus outbreak has led to a rise in racism - such as people appearing to avoid them on public transport.  as China's UK ambassador warned against rumours and panic over the virus If this is true it is only from incredibly stupid people
I'm sure this will go well, historically the WWE has used asian wrestlers intelligently and totally not racist. Hey look at Shinsuke they did a really good job with him...  …
Or, at least as the argument appears to be saying, only certain people should be granted access to the term - that queer evidently only belongs to a certain echelon of oppressed identities, and a SE Asian Hollywood actor is not granted access to that usage.
Neocon fanatics like Tom Cotton are exploiting #CoronaVirus to ramp up Cold War aggression against China while corporate media fuels an epidemic of anti-Asian racism. My latest video: 
Fears over the #coronavirus are fueling discrimination against Asian people driving for rideshare apps like Uber and Lyft 
Asian girls convincing their family to accept their black boyfriend  …
Keighley Cougars are delighted to be hosting the Nigel Goodings Memorial Game on Saturday 6th June. The game will see a Vic Rangers select facing the British Asian Rugby League Association with a 2pm KO. All monies raised will be donated to Cancer Research UK. 
When I was 11 years old my friends made fun of me for my skin colour and so I ran all the way home in tears. But on the way, I bumped into a woman walking her dog who told me to never be ashamed of our British Asian roots. That woman...was Katy Perry.
The only asian act ever to perform at stadiums around the world, biggest group in the world indeed @BTS_twt from giving free tickets in LA to sold out the biggest stadiums twice, we're proud of you our seven 
Asian girls: *breathes* Asian guys: 
Just wanna say - calling South Asian women “manipulative” or untrustworthy is a racist trope so don’t do it folks. Seriously this is racism 101.
Try visiting China and being not Han Chinese specifically. Ask an East Asian what they think of Filipinos. Ask a Japanese what they think of Koreans. Ask an Northern Indian their thoughts on a Southern Indian and vice versa. Asia as a whole is legit racist.
My summary of supply chain disruptions not from public information, but directly from key manufacturers & freight handlers, senior Asian officials. Will show up in media eventually  …
Statement on Harassment and Attacks on Asian Natives Due to the Coronavirus Outbreak: "This is a manifestation of hate based on appearance & rooted in ignorance about disease causes & control. We shall stand united in fighting the real disease of hate..."  
re: six stuff. i absolutely see how one of the fanarts is offensive and needed to be removed. when you consider that on bway, js is played by a white woman and aoc, ab, and kw are played by black, asian, and latinx women respectively and they are on leashes... like...
Omg so much tragic and shameful for government of a sports man , , this young man of JAMRUD ,KHYBER recently won two bronze medals in South Asian games and is champion of Pakistan in 100 meters race , no support from government, he sells cooked rice till 11:00 am, then practice 
The Independent via @inkl: Asian hornet invasion spreads to northern Germany, posing major threat to European bees 
Typical asian parents: Seni takde masa depan! Bitch look at my boyfriend right here doing some big ass mural 
Just shooting my shot on the tl to any editor or publicist who might see this. I would LOVE the oppirtunity to interview Cathy Yan about her work with #BirdsofPrey I saw DEAD PIGS at the Toronto Reel Asian Film Festival in 2018, and knew she was the right choice for BoP. 
The third person confirmed to have to the Coronavirus in the UK after returning from an Asian country other than china is being treated in a London hospital
I should start a rumor that from next series Dr Who will be produced by a woman and directed by a gay Asian man, just to see a certain population "fans" who know jack shit about the history melt down in cries of "PC gone mad!" And "Dr Who has been taken over by the snowflakes!" 
I hate when asian parents go above and beyond with their shouting/lectures. Like chill you’re acc hurting my feelings wtf.
A notable stat from this story -- the two largest minority groups in Portland are Asians (11%) and Latinos (9%). That means 1 in 5 Portlanders are Asian or Latino, but you would not guess that based on who is quoted in local news stories and who is working in local newsrooms.  …
Amb Abdelkader El Ansari, DG Asian Affairs in @MarocDiplomatie called on FS Sohail Mahmood. FS underlined Pakistan's desire to deepen fraternal ties with Morocco & expand bilateral cooperation. Updated on dire situation in IOJ&K & shared perspective on regional 
Come work with me! We’re hiring a research assistant on Asian studies @AEI. We’ve got a great team and some exciting projects in the pipeline. More info here:  …
Standing with  leaders and my colleagues today because we will not tolerate rising xenophobia and anti-Asian/anti-Chinese sentiment we've seen related to Coronavirus. The virus of misinformation is a greater threat than Coronavirus itself. 
If I'm leaving a table in the library and you're taking it, don't fucking ask me if I have the corona virus.. first of all, how rude of you. SECOND .. Just because a person is asian does not give you the right to make corona virus jokes u racist hoe :)
Today I’m enjoying a wonderful lunch in Chinatown. I’ve been disheartened by reports of bias and discrimination against the  recently. Let me be clear – our public health response is about a virus, not a group of people. 
We have a winner! The newly renovated and re-opened Seattle Asian Art Museum has all-gender restrooms that are simply indicated w a toilet symbol and sign that says “all-gender” 
Using "Asian" to describe someone's race is not politically incorrect, and you should never  to use "Asian American and Pacific Islander" or "Asian and Pacific Islander American" when you're not talking about Pacific Islanders... or Americans.
The third person in the UK to test positive for #coronavirus did not contract it in the UK or in China, but another Asian country. Read more here:  
So, it’s an all Asian #U19CWC Final. Three out of the final four teams were from the subcontinent anyway....perhaps, a reflection of how much value we attach to age-group cricket in this part of the world.
saw two east asian police officers at my train station this morning representation!! is so important!!! even the model minority can be pig bastards and partake in the violent model of state-enforced oppression & structural racism
people from major cities often really understate the vicious racism towards visibly South Asian people in many small town places across the UK. it isn't a homogenised 'POC' thing, the "paki-bashing" mentality is largely something quite specific to how south Asians are racialised  …
Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank Delegates met CM @ysjagan garu. They came forward to give 3 Billion Dollars loan for AP Development. Airports, Water Grid, Irrigation, Ports, Roads Construction are in loop 
BRITISH NATIONAL WITH CONFIRMED CORONAVIRUS HAD RETURNED FROM AN ASIAN COUNTRY OTHER THAN CHINA - PM'S SPOKESMAN
Having grown up with extremely casual racism towards south Asian people in a northern town - and the shocked looks when it was done in front of me (‘oh we don’t mean you’) and I called it out - I can see where Tan  from
Raghav Sharma, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Kangra district: According to directions of the Government, we are registering all the persons who have visited China&South East Asian countries after the 1st of January. #CoronaVirus #HimachalPradesh
This morning Pete Buttigieg claimed that "no one is feeling the pain of living under this Presidency more than Americans of color. THIS IS FALSE! Under President Trump's leadership African-American. Hispanic-American, and Asian-American unemployment has reached record lows. 
AD | Today’s Asian Style Chicken Wings made with Mazola Corn Oil are a moist, thoroughly flavorful delight, that are perfect both for dinner parties and or, my personal favorite occasion, ‘just because.’  … 
We're also now Southeast Asian. We're East Asian.
UNINE - Set It Off rehearsal at 2019 Mnet Asian Music Awards Full:  
Katy Perry is the British Asian Trust Ambassador, Jameela Jamil is a judge on ballroom show — when do we start placing accountability on ppl to NOT ACCEPT gigs they aren’t qualified or negatively affect the optics of?
Representation is so important. We finally have our own Asian Lena Dunham, Jameela Jamil.
The United States, the United Kingdom and dozens of other countries have created the International Religious Freedom Alliance. Trudeau vehemently refuses to have Canada join our allies. But he made us join China’s Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.  
asian parents will  you to ANYONE that’s more talented than you. my ma  me to fcking ohmygirl. OHMYGIRL. ma they’re the group with the best discography of our generation what do you want me to do 
Honoured to join the editorial board of "The Court Historian" as an index of the journal's wish to publish more stuff on Asian history, so do think about submitting!  … @hild_de @daicing @YPLuk @ozu_mu @mpitelka @stephen_whitemn 
idk but nancy kinda looks sad talking about her past experience of how people see her as "non asian". Half korean idols suffered the same experience. Idols like her get discriminated for being half.
‘You don’t see many young Asian girls out there, doing what they want’: Man Like Mobeen's Dúaa Karim finds her space  
This is disgraceful and we should call it what it is - racism. Have heard other reports too from the London  during the Coronavirus outbreak. We can and must do better than this.
It’s amazing how everyone is up in arms about racial abuse targeted at black players and rightfully so but as soon as it’s at the Asian or Jewish race it’s suddenly hilarious and okay to joke about
I’m not sure if it’s coincidence but all my Asian friends(Vietnamese, Cambodian, Phillipino) all lived with their folks until they either got married or could put a hefty down payment on a house. Not sure why independence is so forced in other cultures
asian armys please interact with this tweet i wanna see some of you!
After how many months, we finally have... the LOVE SHOT #EXOSehun #SehunzIsBack #Fancam #HanzomePresident #Dancing #Asian #Filipino #Korean #Art 
Do NOT vape in my face and call me Corona Virus. Do NOT expect me not to cough when I have to breathe in smoke from YOUR CIGARETTE, DO NOT expect any asian or I to have the freaking corona virus when we haven’t been anywhere near the virus. You’re disgusting.
asian beliebers can go cry more now... 
other armys: I GOT 'EM TICKETS BISHDJKSBS meanwhile, southeast asian, african, australian, latin american armys still trying to get bh's attention: 
oh my source is google and i’m literally asian and buddhist bye ....
us armys: 'I GOT VIP YALL' 'IM SEEING BTS OMG' 'I GOT TICKETS JEJSJ' europian, african, asian, australian armys: 
Asian people in the UK say the coronavirus outbreak has led to a rise in 'coronaracism' - including people avoiding them on public transport and reports of physical and verbal abuse 
Fascinating update from @charl_marshall about increased risk of dementia people from black and  reason not fully understood. Also highlighting need for more accurate differential diagnoses - ‘diagnosis of ‘dementia’ not enough! #NDAAConference @lbsorg
love how ppl wanna called black/brown anime cosplayers “burnt ___” “chocolate ____” “netflix adaption _____” but when white ppl do it y’all say nothing. like they aren’t asian either??? am i missing something???
US beliebers: TOUR TICKETS!!!!! UK beliebers: EVENING WITH JB!! African and Asian beliebers: 
White people who go to Asian restaurants only to say “this contains MSG” after every dish lose 1,563 points.
If you honestly think there are no Asian, MENA, indigenous, or Latinx men who  with the handful of celebs on the “most beautiful” list... you’re racist.
US beliebers getting a tour dates already, UK beliebers getting an evening with JB meanwhile Asian beliebers get NOTHING. WE NEED JUSTICE @justinbieber @scooterbraun 
42% of Taiwan's parliament members are women. Our current president @iingwen in 2016 became the first Asianhead of state not related to a former male politician or head of state. We had a female VP in 2000.  …
The Camlica Mosque in Istanbul, Turkey. It’s located on a hill on the Asian side. The mosque is the largest in Turkey, capable of holding more than 37,000 worshippers. It’s designed by two female architects in traditional Ottoman style. #Turkey 
And there we go: anti-Asian violence related to Coronavirus by bigots on the other side of the world.  …
me a southeast asian army seeing tweets of west armys saying that they bought a barricade with soundcheck ticket and will see bts soon, while there's me and my country not even existing in bighit's map:  #BTSTOUR
Do I think Jameela Jamil is appropriate for this Voguing show? No. But questioning the legitimacy of  out as Queer is gross + veiled in anti-Asian rhetoric. Being queer + South Asian is a life of constant conflict. Don’t rebuke anyone’s journey into who they are.
So AP lost Adani, Asian pulp(Prakasham), blockchain hub(Vizag), Data hub(Vizag), Kia  I am more worried about Govt of AP not concentrating on getting  Not many MOU's are signed in last 8 months.
If I was Asian, this would totally be me. 
Mrs. Sindoor Mittal - Vice Chairperson, Avaada was conferred with AsiaOne Young Asian Entrepreneurs 2019-20 Award. Sindoor has been a vanguard of #WomenEmpowerment, she believes that India can accelerate its growth through encouraging greater economic participation by 
Seeing all the racist extracts from The Secret Garden, I am reminded of a writing friend who was writing a book set in a south Asian country and thought “mem sahib” was a special honorific for white women. It’s not. It’s like “ma’am”
not remotely convinced jameela jamil should be heading a show about the ballroom scene and the flattening of all LGBTQ experiences into an unnuanced monolith is ick, but if you think a south asian  out 'just for attention'... why are you like this.
When you're Asian and you cough in public places..see the people's reaction (funny but irony) 
Lt. Gen (r) Khalid Kidwai delivering keynote address at the Seventh IISS-CISS Workshop on "South Asian Strategic Stability: Deterrence, Nuclear Weapons and Arms Control", happening now at Bloomsbury House, London. 
Choose your asian boy: CUEVAS EDITION 
According to asian twt, it’s now “gay” for dads to make their daughters [uno...the ones they created in a heterosexual relationship w/ a woman] happy by playing with them Some of y’all need to admit you’re still suffering from childhood neglect & go.
Yokohama F. Marinos leaves Korean goalkeeper Park Il -Gyu and registers Theerathon Bunmathan for AFC Champions League in Asian player quota, together with Brazilian players Marcos Jr., Erik Lima, and Tiago Martin in foreign player quota. [ 
You do get that WWII was not even 100 years ago and that unresolved WWII greivances still inform East Asian politics today right? You do get that making light of a human rights violation should be disgusting to all human beings regardless of whether they were the victims right?
And there's some other particularly egregious ones (I'll always remember an Agatha Christie story where the mixed-Asian blood is the reason why the evil person  murder) (3/?)
"There's actually little data to show that Asian children are any smarter than children of other races. It's really just a matter of perception, as I concluded from my research." Said my Chinese neighbor's three-year-old son.
Hello, A'TINs! We're hosting a giveaway to UNLI-VOTE for @stellajero_ on 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020. Please follow the mechanics & submit your entries before 12AM. VOTE HERE:  #SB19atHIWAGAUPFAIR #THUgetherWithSB19 #SB19 @SB19Official ALAB 
Stereotypes kill people. Stereotypes about Black people are why Black people are being killed by police. Stereotypes about the  are the reason for the immigration issues we are having. Same with Asian people are the coronavirus right now. Stereotypes are dangerous
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – #BTSARMY please vote for #BTS Kim Taehyung!  … #KimTaehyung #100AsianHeartthrobs2020 
It’s interesting to see westerners misunderstanding the weight of a public apology in East Asian culture. I grew up in Korea where mistakes by influential figures could only begin to be forgiven via a HIGHLY publicized apology.
asian armys watching their tl have a mental breakdown over tickets: 
There are stark differences between various "Asian & Pacific Islander" groups in school disciplinary rates in Washington state. “Relative risk” of discipline -- Chinese, 0.20 Melanesian, 3.96 Melanesians are 20 times more likely to be disciplined than Chinese students. 
Not when south Asian and African army's exist you r still in good
Asian stocks rise as traders brush off coronavirus 
bro crazy story. lost my phone at my basketball game, an asian guy asks me if it’s mine. I say yeah but he asks who the lock screen is. I sadly and embarrassingly said “a korean guy wearing a suit” I DIED. he said “ bts right?” it was leeteuk but I just said yeah to end the convo 
*Black nationalists, White nationalists, separatists, Asian cultures agreeing to voluntarily separate and preserve their culture* Mixed people: Well I’m MIXED. What about me? You’re racist! This is backwards! Are you saying I shouldn’t exist? Everyone else: Yeah, fuck you.
Hey @bankofmaldives , why not have a bottle of sanitizer next to each ATM at these times? Some of our Asian neighbors have started doing it. Cheers. 
My little pups and sluts, I've had a long day.. so I'm quite exhausted.  and $end to make your Goddess feel pampered . { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme femdom brat Asian } 
Whoever you are supporting in the Democratic primary....this should still move you...This made me cry. First time voters. Refugees from Myanmar. In Iowa. Asian American votes matter. #ThisIsAmerica #aapivote  …
the amount of bay area asian mark exudes in this.... he is dating an abg has a nicotine problem and posts sneaker/car flexes 
WHERE ARE MY ASIAN AND PACIFIC ISLANDER GAYS AT?
Ain't no Asian people from Uganda. Only Indian migrants who were moved there by the British. I always find it kinda weird when people who are clearly Indian say that. Your family spent one generation in Uganda but have been South Asian for thousands of years. You're Asian bro.  …
I just wanna say. Today I went visiting and hosting and damn some folks be treating me like a celebrity Folks, I am an Asian man who lives with his parents in government housing. I'm no one special. You are the ones who make me special. Never forget that. I love you all!
Every Indian Muslim knows that. They are fighting to get in South Asian Muslims who rejected and broke India in 1947, while their Pure Land keeps the land they stole. A one-way undoing of a flawed one-way Partition. Sharia is the goal as @ArvindKejriwal's Amanatullah  …
when ppl try to excuse misgendering, i’ll think of: - my asian parents, with NO prior knowledge of this stuff, immediately using my right pronouns - my ENGLISH prof., a great grandmother, discussing why the singular they/them matters if you don’t know, learn. no more excuses.  …
-Asian stocks after U.S. economic data showed resilience -Japan, South Korea, Hong Kong stocks -S&P 500 Index futures -Oil on prospects for OPEC+ output cuts  
Asian markets surge as coronavirus fears fade 
#XiaoZhan #WangYibo Typical scene of Asian men in long sleeves.... usually old grandpas but these two are also catching the trend.... 
Undocumented does not equal Latinx. Black and Asian undocumented individuals are often rendered invisible.  …
I couldn't wait for the weekend to go to the Asian supermarket (about 30kms away from home) just to buy @Century_Tuna to support @aldenrichards02 Thank you po for endorsing his abs hehe. First time to try this brand! All for #AldenRichards! #ALDENxCenterstageMediaCon  
[ 100 ASIAN HEARTTHROBS 2020 ] New bout added on the Battle Round! Cast your votes now for KEN! VOTE HERE:  … UNLIMITED VOTING until 12pm of Feb. 13! #THUgetherWithSB19 #MORHot10 Alab by SB19 @mor1019 #SB19 @SB19Official - Admin 
Asian nggas will cover their math test but won’t cover their mouth when they coughing
Flex ko lang @mainedcm is such a Philippines pride to cosmetic industry for being first Asian Mac Maker eh naka 2 pa. Wow as in wowww. Truly she is a Gold M(a)ine #MaineMendoza #MaineForMAC Maine Mac Maker
Did I not tell y’all this #POCMonth BS  I bet @NaomiCampbell won’t say the same thing about “National Hispanic Heritage Month” or “Asian Pacific American Heritage Month.” FOH!  …
There’s A LOT of Asian ppl out here I fwt heavy too. But I wouldn’t dare kap about them knowin what city I live in
As the deadly coronavirus spreads beyond China, customers and drivers for Uber and Lyft says there's been an increase of racial profiling  against those of Asian decent 
This is largely irrelevant at this point but you’re telling me barnes and noble thought a good idea for Black History Month was to replace the covers of often racist classics with Black people and also for some reason an Asian girl on the cover of Secret Garden
Carats, Please vote for Jun in #100AsianHeartthrobs2020 @pledis_17 #SEVENTEEN 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Hueningkai vs Wen Junhui  … via @starmometer
teenage mutant ninja turtles WHERE ARE THEY NOW: raphael - mildly  on the ny circuit, had the 17th most popular podcast on itunes, got a gig with snl but was cancelled after racist jokes he made about asian guys eating turtle soup surfaced from 2003
Hey people asian people wear protective face mask All The Time. We wear it ‘cause it’s cold, ‘cause we have a cold, ‘cause we didn’t take a shower this morning, ‘cause we don’t wanna show our face, and smtimes it’s a FASHION THING here.
We are experiencing a dress rehearsal for the actual collapse of the global Order. Companies who can't deal with this relatively minor disruption to Asian supply chains are really going to get bulldozed in the not too distant future.  …
When people start telling you the Asian version has full dub & English menus a day after you bought the Japanese version of Granblue Fantasy Versus 
“Asian markets shrug off virus fears” Death toll set to pass SARS in like 3 days China building more hospitals Keep shrugging
I like @AndrewYang. No one expected him to last this long. Also he seems to be truly enjoying himself and it's great to see an Asian American man run for President and gain some traction on a national stage. #CNNTownHall
Interesting chart from @Trinhnomics showing Asian economies most exposed to Chinese tourism (and downside risk from coronavirus/travel restrictions). Thailand, Vietnam and the Philippines have most to lose, after Macau and Hong Kong 
The shit happening to Jameela is exactly why it's so hard  out. And yes, her being South Asian does factor into how hard it is, being an Arab certainly factored into how hard it was for me. This isn't okay, people  out when  and feel safe to.  …
Ab. So. Lutely. In fact, talking about race/blackness (in American + global contexts) with my Arab friends, Latinx friends, East Asian friends, all that, is refreshing, skin-clearing and informative. If someone wasn't down, they were prolly yt. There are no squares in my circle.  …
That African American, Hispanic, Asian, and woman unemployment numbers... seems like he keeps forgetting someone though Meh, can’t think of who  …
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Hueningkai vs Wen Junhui 
BWAHAHA! Granblue Fantasy VS. available RIGHT NOW in HK and other asian territories not only has English text, but ENGLISH VOICES as well! haha! CyGames WTF are you doing?
girl i don’t care about your follow lmao please bye you’re irrelevant i have woke smart beautiful non racist stans follows they are superior white black asian hispanic mixed
Hello, A'TINs! We're hosting a giveaway to UNLI-VOTE for @stellajero_ on 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020. Please follow the mechanics. The submission of entries ends at 12AM. VOTE HERE:  #THUgetherWithSB19 #MORHot10 Alab by SB19 @mor1019 #SB19 
bts: cant wait to see everyone on tour! asian and australian armys: 
armys on my tl: *i got floor seats* *i got silver soundcheck* *i secured tickets for both days* my broke asian army ass: 
True story. town of Nuneaton in the 60’s a Pakistani man was seen going into a house, the xenophobic neighbours called the police. The police went in.. came out to address the crowd. Turns out this was Mr Malik, who was soon to be PC Malik the first Asian policeman in town.
asian armys rn 
the fact that an asian woman is playing sersi, a literal goddess, means so much to me considering how asian women in the mcu are ignored, mistreated or just don’t exist and ea women are almost never portrayed as strong or powerful. i cant wait to meet her  …
I'm saying this as a South Asian woman in the west myself, this kind of theatrics is abhorrent. If you are so keen on having more South Asian stories (good job blending multiple unique cultures into one by your well honed tone deafness btw) go to fricking Bollywood
Asian armys who's not going to any bts con lets cry together
With the Nevada caucuses around the corner, 2020 campaigns are finding new ways to reach out to Asian American & Pacific  that AAPI voters say has often been overlooked by political campaigns. My latest for  …
A1: Asian Americans are often an "add on" in conversations about race and racism in education. We're here to center Asian American histories and stories and to build with justice-oriented educators! 
Ey... to my Asian friends. Y’all be eating oxtails? Idk cuz last 3 people I asked said nah and im wondering if it’s only them missing out on this God Tier meat.
y'all aren't ready to talk about the underrepresentation of asian and pacific island LGBTQ people
Asian woman allegedly attacked in New York subway station for wearing protective mask  …
Even if KR/CN BNHA fans weren't living during WWII, those events have shaped and affects modern society. Also the fact that Japan's education system has wilfully glossed over their past crimes bc of the "our nation os superior to other Asian nations" isn't helping either  …
this is a great opportunity for an emerging Asian-Australian writer! I love that they're looking for 'curious minds and excitable writers'!  …
Growing up, I didn’t really have any Asian male role models to look up to. I go to most castings & I seldom see Asian dudes. Super proud of myself & thankful for everyone whose helped me along the way. Glad to be part of the Wilhelmina fam 
When I worked for Tony Blair when he was PM, his security detail ended up having to make sure I was let into venues every time I went on a visit with him because I got stopped so many times. It was only 20 years ago but Asian and working for the PM? No way.
Just say you don't know anything about East Asian politics and go! Just say you care more about your anime ships than IRL people being affected by war crimes and go!
US ARMYS: IM SEEING BTS!! I GOT SOUNDCHECK!! I GOT FLOOR SEATS!! EUROPEAN AND ASIAN ARMYS: 
Prince Charles of Wales has named Katy Perry the ambassador of the British Asian Trust which aims to help child labor, poverty, and inequality in countries like India and South Asia. 
chinese/asian-owned businesses are being forced to CLOSE because of the massive, racist, and xenophobic “hysteria” caused by the coronavirus. let me tell you all this: YOU’RE NOT GOING TO GET THE CORONAVIRUS. THE PEOPLE THAT OWN THE LOCAL CHINESE/ASIAN DO NOT HAVE CORONAVIRUS.
Dirty looks in public. Refusals from Uber/Lyft drivers. And the dreaded, "Have you traveled to China?" question. As the coronavirus rages on, Asian Americans in the Bay Area & beyond say they're faced with xenophobia, discrimination.  …
Please. The South  is also anti-abortion but that didn’t stop @jameelajamil from broadcasting how successful and loved she is in her very heterosexual relationship b/c she once aborted her inconvenient child.
Nah Asian a never go against me.  …
as a queer asian american poet, if i only stuck to “timeless” references in my work, i wouldn’t be writing fully about the life, the world, & the imagination. i wouldn’t be able to write about these in my own vocabulary. & i couldn’t be imagining a more livable present & future
No one: Asian boys:  …
Oh @BBradley_Mans, you are so wrong. All children need to know of (eg) interaction of Europe with Asian & North African culture, trade & religion from broad, rich, critical KS3 hist, geog, RE. Please read @histassoc TH & learn how the best teachers do  …
asian and native girls too let’s goooooo
can y'all stop photoshopping yourself to have asian features it's racist af and i do not have the time to explain why it is - i am Tired
Does Prince Charles know she's not British or Asian? Just because she wore a kimono for a music video doesn't mean she's Asian.  …
"As an Asian, there are only 5 career paths that we can choose: Doctor, Engineer, Architect, Lawyer... And a Dissapointment." I dunno whether I have to laugh or be sad.
Bitch I ain’t Asian u just salty they took out Qassim Suleimani.  …
British Asian ambassador lads!  …
*FBI knocks down door* "So it was you who hacked the Iowa caucus" Kimmy Yam: YES!, You will never understand the pain he put me through with his Asian jokes
#TheGoodPlace star @JameelaJamil  out as queer, explaining that she did not do it sooner, in part, because of stigma for people in the South   …
If you're looking to hire Southeast Asian illustrators  artists, here's a database of everyone who's contributed to @NewNaratif. The best part of my job is working with artists who care about telling SEA stories well:  … #ArtistsofSEA 
JAPANESE GOVERNMENT WORRIED ABOUT BREXIT It has issued warnings on behalf of 1,000  based in UK, saying they are halting investment & moving operations to Europe. Nikkei Asian Review says 70% of Japanese manufacturers “feel a negative impact from Brexit
asian armys waiting for tour dates while everyone's already getting their tickets  …
The genes match those identified in other similar studies of schizophrenia — but nearly all previous research has been conducted in European or Asian populations. 
I’m at the doctors for a routine check up. I’m the only Asian person in the waiting room. I’m also the only person wearing a mask. I can see the fear in everyone’s eyes 
When I was 13 I got cornered by a boy who called me slurs & then raised his fist. A woman appeared & grabbed the boys wrist. She twisted it spat in his face & kicked him in the throat. “Leave my fellow Asian alone,” she said. That woman was Scarlett Johansson.
Just realised that I'm a Kiwi-Asian book blogger who had the ABSOLUTE HONOUR to host @thechloegong, a Kiwi-Asian author and her debut's cover reveal and I'm !!!!! LOOK AT US, WORLD, TWO BBS FROM AOTEAROA & THRIVING!
. @jameelajamil, you are not alone. For many Asian and Pacific Islander  out is a lifelong process.  to the family! For those who need it, find support, seek out solidarity & be uniquely you with @HRC’s API Coming Out Guide.   …
asian armys waking up to see the whole tl flooded with i got barricade i got floor tickets tweets let’s all huddle and give each other a big hug shall we  …
Eastern European, Australian, East Asian, Middle Eastern and African armys watching US armys getting tickets and pretending everything is fine even tho we we know we'll never get your dates: 
Who just keeps resource maps of W.Asian countries in their house??  …
Ok, if my son is obsessed with the Indian legend The Ramayana as beautifully written/illustrated by Sanjay Patel — what other major mythos would you  that feature other cultures that I could intro him to? (Ex Arthurian, The Odyssey, etc but African/S American/Asian etc)
Let’s be perfectly clear: Coronavirus is no excuse for racism or discrimination. Asian Americans are a pivotal part of our state's diverse fabric. We have zero tolerance for bigotry or hatred.  …
So Nas is Indo-guyanese and Pakistani. So just Asian.
Met a Ghanaian today, she asked my name and I said Kwabena. She said ooh is that Asian ? I smiled and said it shall be well. Moral of the story: her parents are Jon
Plenty of darker skinned asian and indigenous people in the West Indies
Biracial anxiety is when the asian waiter gives me a fork and I don't want to ask for chopsticks and look like a weeb because I didnt pass for asian that day so I use a fork in shame.
Wow i just woke up and all i can see on my tl are armys who got bts concert tickets. Like im so happy for u guys Goodmorning from an asian ~ 
Being Asian During The Corona Virus Outbreak 
. @KatyPerry Joins British Asian Trust As Ambassador.  
Last week, #LauraDeanKeepsBreakingUpWithMe by @marikotamaki & @hirosemaryhello was named a Printz Honor book and #Stargazing by @alooghobi won the Asian/Pacific American Award for Children’s Literature at the ALA Youth Media Awards! All the and to the creative teams! 
Yesss!! Great news for @OptusSport and fans of Asian football. 
the weirdest part of this is it does damage to work some of these texts ACTUALLY DO - whiteness of Ahab, explicitly reflective of the whale’s own in his scarring, and his ruthless destruction of Black, Indigenous, Asian crew members to his damned service, signifies meaningfully.  …
people who keep making racist jokes about corona virus, your asian food privileges are revoked. you want pho? too bad. ramen? nope. fuck it, panda express? you can’t have that shit either. have fun with your spray cheese and casseroles.
Where do y’all buy those Bluetooth speakers that say “Zi Bluetooth device is connected” with the Asian voice?
The newly appointed Asian "ambassador", Katy Perry, has been 'banned indefinitely' from China - NME  …
if you ever want to learn a TON about something (a place, a historical epoch, etc) just GM a roleplaying game about it. I know WAY more about the Magic canon, southeast asian mythology and AI theory than I did before RPGs gave me an excuse to be curious!
it was originally a way to demonize hispanics, same thing with opium and asian cultures... white people used these drugs but then when they wanted excuses to cast out other races, they demonized these drugs that were heavy influences on those cultures
Ok white women who use the “asian anime girl” aesthetic to sexualize themselves are weird as fuck. Like why do you have to appropriate this “asian aesthetic” to be sexual? Anyone have thoughts?
Asian Doll - Pillow Talking  via @YouTube
We did it again! For the 2nd year in a row, UCI is the most popular UC campus for CA's freshman applicants. UCI is also #1 for: Chicano/Latino in-state freshmen #Firstgen freshmen Asian American in-state freshmen & transfers:  
pls stop asking asians “what kind of asian are you?” and proceeding to say “i love (cultural food)!” or asking how far their home country is from the place where you studied abroad. it’s not a conversation starter...it’s weird. “oh ur italian? I LOVE THE GODFATHER and SPAGHET!!!”
asian parents will  you to ANYONE that’s more talented than you. my ma  me to fcking mamamoo. MAMAMOO. ma they’re the best vocalists of our generation what do you want me to do 
[Cathy] Yan is the third female filmmaker to join the DC club after Wonder Woman’s Patty Jenkins and Ava DuVernay for The New Gods… it makes Yan the first Asian woman to helm a movie from the DC Comic universe. via @FilmDailyNews  …
Netflix & Amazon: Just those services License fee = BBC One, Two, Three, Four, CBBC, BBC News, World News, Parliament, Cbeebies, Radio 1, 1X, 2, 3, 4, 5 Live, 6 Music, Sports Extra, Asian Net, News Online / apps, iPlayer, Sounds, BBC Sport, nations / local radio, regional news  …
“The #CAA_NRC are key stepping stones towards the RSS’s goal of establish a religious apartheid state in  Pieter Friedrich, an analyst of South Asian affairs who attended the city council meeting.  …
New video: 2 IDIOTS react to THE SUN IS ALSO A STAR (we cry and we thirst)  An Asian and black immigrant react to a love story between an Asian and black immigrant, based on Nicola Yoon's YA novel. Take a shot every time Chanelle cries or I say bruhhhh... 
Guys, he asked me to explain “why Asian people don’t want to be called Oriental anymore”. It was an... experience, God rest his soul.
Violent white nationalists attack Asian woman... Oh wait... 
[B]eing an Asian-American male, you don’t always see [extended romances] on screen. So that was very interesting for me… because you don’t get to see a lot of male Asian love interests in the media, especially in North America. via @TheAVClub  …
. @BBCNWT discussing coronavirus reactions in Manchester. One member of the public interviewed said parents are telling their children to avoid East Asian classmates. Adults can be horrendous. Sending solidarity to the kids we know must be facing a spike in racism recently.
Did you know more than 10,000 moon bears are held in horrific farms in China and Vietnam? They're exploited for their bile, an ingredient in Asian medicine. Help us fight this cruel trade by adopting Bodo, who was rescued by @AnimalsAsia.  
What planet are you on? You can hate a coworker until the  home- what you don’t do as a woman is rip up paper in a meeting in front of EVERYONE. It is a BAD look for everyone w/estrogen. Signed, The Asian, Female, Over educated, and Amused Buddhist,Trump Lover  …
I just want to say that Asian isnt a monolith. There are many different cultures that exist in Asia and if you dont know that your school system failed you.
We need Andrew to turn up the heat this next debate. I can't imagine what it would be like if he loses. Minority children, especially Asian will have it in their head that somehow being the smartest, most genuine person, with the best plan is not enough. Yang must win#YangGang
#OTD in 1917, the US passed its 1st law restricting immigration. The language & the sentiment were troubling: If you were Asian, or an alcoholic, or a laborer, or "mentally or physically defective" — the US didn't want you. Today, our government is arguably even more nativist. 
Last year in the UK, 51% of white people visited a museum or gallery... ... against 44% of asian people and 36% of black people. Would be interested in theories as to why the numbers for black visitors are _falling_ rather than rising... @MuseumDetox #museums 
Katy Perry named British Asian Trust ambassador, despite being neither British nor Asian  
Go bully Trevor in your local east-asian studies department before he graduates and  a chima-watching, english-teaching sexpat.  …
“in which Asian country” “Scotland” 
Hate crimes can also blow up into a pandemic. It’s called genocide, which has claimed hundreds of millions of human lives. Treating Asian people as dirty infestors like rats or cockroaches may claim far more lives than the coronavirus if left unchecked.
On twitter you might have seen video of * caucuses in mosques * workers caucusing at a pork processing plant (the first caucus in the state!) * Bilingual caucuses for South Asian and Latino folks * special caucus locations for folks with wheelchairs These are satellite caucuses
If people and governments weren’t taking the new coronavirus seriously, then that would be a problem. But they certainly are taking it seriously. What we have now is a ton of racist fearmongering and white supremacists forming bully mobs on social media to attack Asian people.
The new British Asian Trust ambassador... has an interesting way of “appreciating” other cultures. 
New Character “Tian Zhao” Coming Soon. A handsome asian 
Katy Perry is snatching roles from Scarlett Johansson. Katy Perry named British Asian Trust ambassador by Prince Charles, despite being neither British nor Asian - CBS News  …
The Asian is fine tho.
This is a bit much! It’s classic literature rebranded to virtue signal how political correct  is. Why not promote a season to highlight some amazing Black and Asian authors instead who aren’t necessarily on the bestseller lists?  …
Buds! I'm gonna be sharing an updated spreadsheet of BOOKS BY SOUTH ASIAN AUTHORS on Friday so if you're a SOUTH ASIAN AUTHOR and you want your book on this list, fill out this form:  
Polk is one of most racially diverse counties. Black, Latino, Native American and Asian people, to the back of the line. Iowa State Dem party and DNC will count your votes last, if at all.
if you are trying to say that nct isnt diverse because they’re “only a certain type of asian” or “are from caucasian countries” you are insinuating that all those asian countries are the same and dont have their own unique culture or that them being multicultural is irrelevant
little mix in south korea doing promo for lm6 and meeting idols sounds like the best plan ever THEN THEY’LL DOMINATE JAPAN AND THEN SOUTH ASIAN COUNTRIES AND THEN FINALLY THE US, THEN WORLD DOMINATION
DemocRATS clearly felt powerless last night as @POTUS delivered the best #StateOfTheUnion ever —Lowest black unemployment —Lowest Hispanic unemployment —Lowest Asian unemployment They set on their hands The real racist in the room revealed #PelosiTantrum 
“Limbaugh fills hours of airtime each week with  directed at African Americans, Asian Americans, women, people with disabilities, and pretty much anyone who is not white, straight, and male.”  …
If every single one of you unfollowed me and all I was left with was my Black, Asian, Native, Latinx, and Trans followers, I would be just peachy.
so, will someone hire me to write jekyll & hyde but it’s about asian masculinity and rage
UNDER TRUMP Black, Hispanic, Asian-American historic low unemployment; Labor force participation rate up;  up, especially for those at the bottom; 401K's up; Dow Jones/NASDAQ record highs; Those saying "race relations" are good, up 14 points SEND IN THE SOCIALISTS!
I’ve had hilarious encounters with other Native women that go something like this: Them: oh, I thought you were Mexican! Me: dude I thought you were Asian! Both of us: this is the most Native thing to ever happen.
Please write to your MP asking him/her to support STAE’s call for new UK law to ban the advertising of brutal Asian elephant related tourist resorts, so much driven by  A suggested letter and your MP's contact details can be found here:  
6. Prince Charles names Katy Perry as an ambassador of the British Asian Trust - supporting the charity's work  child trafficking. If it's not already obvious, it's the causes these Satanists support that hide (reveal) their true intentions.  …
Damn. Almost had a Valentine but had to drop him because he said, “i’m not racist, I have a lot of Asian friends” and I said 
Nawt toxics saying nct isn’t multicultural because they’re all east asian ; Thailand isn’t East Asian bro it’s southeast and canada and America ? Yes we love those asian countries
I've written lots of books with Asian people on the covers. And guess what? The books are actually about Asian people, too!! Who would have thought. 
Katy Perry, the newly appointed “British Asian Trust Ambassador”, meeting Asian Queen Scarlett Johansson. 
. @KatyPerry has been appointed an Amabassador for the British Asian Trust by Prince Charles of Wales. In her new role, Perry will support the charity’s efforts in reducing child trafficking and abuse across India. 
Why? Georgia is a southern state with an economically diverse population, including rapidly growing Latinx and Asian American and Pacific Islander voting blocs. These diverse groups in Georgia reflect what the nation is  #iowacaucases  …
Can you catch the corona virus from visiting asian porn sites?
. @DavidWuGmu makes history as the first Asian-American to serve as president of a CUNY college.  
The <ruby> tag is probably my favourite low-key HTML. If you don't read or make websites in east-asian languages you might not have ever seen it. It has nothing to do with the language Ruby, but is used for 'ruby annotations' showing how to read Kanji characters 
This is racist. All I see is two non-assimilating Sharia Adherents. Where are the male, White, Hispanic, and the Asian faces? And for that matter - where are the Christians, Jews, Hindus and atheists? Where is the diversity that you say you aspire to?
Same goes for the Latino, Native American, Asian and LGBTQ vote too. You can’t accurately extrapolate these Whites only results to the rest of the country, and the folk who are trying so hard to do it are telling on themselves in more ways than one. We’ve already seen this .
NCT has 40 members and they're all east asian I have never read so many lies in 1 sentence...  …
Sometimes I wonder if there's someone among the BRF PR plotting against them and they are so clueless to even realize. Within the hypocritical racism speech and Charles naming a very white American woman as a British Asian embassador......their optics are going from bad to worst!
I live in lowell. Where asian men wear durags. . .
And this says nothing to the assumption that a little white girl raised in India as a colonizer (Secret Garden) would be culturally the same as a little Asian or Indian or Black girl raised anywhere else ever. Erasing cultural differences is not diversity.
Just to be clear this was a joke and I think Katy Perry being ambassador is fine and British Asian Trust is doing amazing work etc.
In hindsight, asking the Asian trumpeter in the regional Swedish orchestra to use ‘Coronation Street’ as a reference for the amount of vibrato to use may not have been the high point of my conducting career....
Most viewed artists on global YouTube (official videos) 17. Calvin Harris — 11,876,739,571 18. @BTS_twt — 11,748,084,782 gap: 128,654,789 #BTS is the only Asian act in top 35 of this list 
From what I see online, some characters are what the illustrator and art director imagine a Black, Asian, or Native person looks like. THESE IMAGES ARE STEREOTYPICAL. I only see one of the Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde covers, but look how racist it is! What will the other 4 look like? 
Why was Katy Perry chosen to be an ambassador for the British Asian Trust?  …
can someone please enlighten me on who's the group of caucasian east asian and what caucasian east asian is supposed to mean  …
Financial Tech Coin has been listed on P2PB2B Enjoy your trading:  The ABCC IN-Pay system allows Asian countries to interact with each other in the distribution, finance and other fields. 
All east asian????? Johnny Mark were from america and canada tho----
Southeast Asian central banks signal strong policy action to counter a hit to their economies from the new coronavirus  
Asian reylos seeing Bob  blaming the Asian for TROS's failure.  …
Representation matters, which is why I, as an Asian, am thrilled to be represented by a white woman in a hideous cheongsam  …
Between Asian Katy Perry and Barnes and Noble, sending solidarity to all the people of colour in publishing and the media today who will be called up by white people  on that fuckery.
Just got verified; one step closer to being Asian Trust Ambassador with Katy Perry.
I’m testifying before a  this morning on the possibility of an Asian Pacific American Smithsonian. Wish me luck conveying a field worth of arguments in under 5 mins. Maybe a tiny corner of Congress will do something good today.
BREAKING: Katy Perry, who is white American, is now British Asian.  …
LALISA MANOBAN first Asian to be CELINE's GLOBAL MUSE handpicked by HEDI SLIMANE himself! PS she was also the first Asian that was photographed by Hedi Slimane #블랙핑크 #리사 #BLACKPINK #LISA #LALISA #リサ #ลิซ่า @ygofficialblink 
Met yesterday w/Asian Ambassadors and today w/Ambassadors of #EU countries. Conducting 360 degree foreign policy. Ready to turn a new page w/EU, but threat and sanction language should be dropped. Mutual trust environment should be 
 about Katy Perry being 1 of 32 ambassadors (mostly asian/ british asian) for British Asian Trust...a question: do they genuinely want white people with a platform to only care about white children? Is that where we are at now?
Worth reading this for some historical context on anti-Asian racism and disease (a US perspective but one also highly relevant to Australia)  …
The @britishasiantst has been campaigning against child labour in India. It’s a massive issue affecting millions of children. Katy Perry wants to help using her huge platform and  an ambassador. Twitter: WTF she’s not British Asian though . Yep let’s all get mad.
 to rank which European or Asian country speaks better Asante-Twi, just got hectic. it's not even about the song they are singing in Twi but the way they are singing the song.... "Adeɛ a Yesu ayɛ ama me" "M'ede nwomto bɛ yi na yɛ"......... Piawwwww!!!! 
I...she’s not...Asian or British. The one job Jameela Jamil is qualified for and they give it to Katy Perry  …
THINGS PELOSI CALLS LIES: "The unemployment rates for African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, and Asian-Americans have reached the lowest levels in history," Trump said. Yet undeniably true.
Your British Asian representative!  …
I get @katyperry isn’t British Asian but does that mean people would get mad if I became an ambassador for say a charity in say Africa?? I hope not as I’d be simply trying to help a good cause.Don’t see why there’s so much negativity. Anyway check out the work of @britishasiantst
Did you know the Museum has a purpose-built conservation studio for East Asian paintings? The Hirayama Studio specialises in using traditional techniques to preserve, protect and display East Asian paintings, scrolls and folding screens  
Prince Charles announced that Katy Perry will  an ambassador for the British Asian Trust’s Children’s Protection Fund for India.  …
In partnership with @FireflyPress we are delighted to announce our investment in three emerging children’s poets from Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic backgrounds based in Wales. Discover more here:  #RisingStarsWales2020 
Katy Perry: British Asian Trust Ambassador 
Presented two, one made it to the menu & I can’t wait to unveil it and have you guys try it out. Its a chicken dish with a perfect balance of flavors synonymous with Asian but the portions African The panel loved it, we loved it and  your way SOON.  – at OhCha Noodle Bar
Perry pipped me to the post at the 2013 Asian Woman of the Year awards & the Best Brown Bird lifetime achievement medal in 2016. I’m sick of her tbh.
A parent asked for her son to be tested for TB Because they had "no choice" but to use a taxi with an Asian taxi driver She asked ME; the Asian doctor She actually asked me  …
Ah, that well-known British Asian Katy Perry.  …
mfw I hear Katy Perry is the new ambassador for the British Asian Trust  …
Her and Scarlett Johannson are my two favourite Asian women.  …
Thousands of passengers and crew on two cruise ships in Asian waters were placed in quarantine, as the death toll from an outbreak of a fast-spreading #coronavirus rose to nearly 500  See our full coverage here:  
The most famous British Asian I know called me and said "WTF we can't even get an invite to any British Asian events ever and then they get a white American?...it's colonised mind sets again. #whiteSaviour" Me. Uh huh.  …
HOW could he protect asian children when he cannot even protect his very own grandson from being discriminated by his own people.
If British Asians can’t even get jobs that have British Asian in the job title...  …
Katy Perry is now the Ambassador of the British Asian Trust! The British Asian Trust, founded in 2007 by Prince Charles of Great Britain, aims to improve poverty, inequality and child labor in India and South Asia. We are so proud 
I love Katy but seriously? She's not British or is she Asian. There are SO MANY BRITISH ASIAN celebrities who should be in her place: Dev Patel, Jameela Jamil, Anjali Mohindra, Parminder Nagra and Riz Ahmed to name a few.  …
I don't understand this like I actually  why they just can't choose a BRITISH ASIAN person  …
She is not British or Asian.  …
Westerner stop imagine Star Wars is a fcking big deal to Asian, when we clearly more excited for Evangelion, Aamir Khan' movies or Wong Kar Wai 3 hours of slow mo nonsense
KOJI WEAR YOU HELMET FOR GOODNESS SAKE KOJI YOU’RE MAKING MY SOUTH EAST ASIAN BLOOD BOILING 
I'm just suggesting that there ought to be a connection between an individual's work and the British  in order to be suitable for the role. I'm unaware of why she is suitable for the role.
Claim: “Unemployment rates for African Americans, Hispanic Americans and Asian Americans has reached the lowest levels in history." Facts: This is true. Unemployment rates for each group has reached the lowest levels on record. (6/10)
Update on #Sarcopenia Diagnosis and Treatment by the Asian Working Group for Sarcopenia (2019 Consensus). Same definition, different algorithm @JAMDAcom #Muscle #Aging #Exercise #Strength #Prevention #Geriatrics  …
Are you suggesting that as a charity the BAT only accept ambassadors who are Asian? It's about finding people who are passionate about the work the charity does. She alone helped raise 130k last night.
I hope we get Baby Yoda going through puberty in future seasons Maybe turns out his name is Geraldo and he discovers he has an Asian fetish during puberty season 6
Katy Perry is neither British nor Asian. The inmates are running the asylum.  …
People always laugh at me when I tell them I stan @BTS_twt. They always scoff and say ‘you like some asian boy band who sings in a language you don’t even understand? Go listen to some real music’. For the first few times, it hurt, yes. But they wouldn’t know, would they? + 
It is not my fault that in my quest to change perceptions about the sexual viability of Asian men I have accidentally confirmed all toxic ones about gay men. Sorry!!
i want an asian boyfriend and i want one now
#MaineForMAC The first Asian & Filipina Endorser, Influence, Collaborator & MACMaker. Mainers are excited to splurgefor the MAC. #MaineMendoza @mainedcm @maccosmeticsph 
Classless Nancy Pelosi ripped up a speech that said: "The unemployment rates for African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, and Asian-Americans have reached the lowest levels in history." 
I made an exhaustive list of things I like: -land use (de?)regulations -cats -Elizabeth Warren -public transit -film -housing policy -health policy -Renee Zellweger -gay stuff -Asian cultures -not eating animals -Ayanna Pressley -Tolkien -sci-fi -electronic music
Also, hey we retell our own myths too! Check those out to "celebrate diversity"! SERPENT'S SECRET (Bengali folktales) GHOST SQUAD (Dominican Myths) SHADOW OF THE FOX (Japanese Kitsune) A THOUSAND BEGINNINGS AND ENDINGS (Various Asian myths) ARU SHAH series (Hindu mythology)
Maybe  time and money to help publish and distribute new diverse authors instead? Like, no one is going to believe Mary Lennox in The Secret Garden, whose life is bordered by colonialism, artistocracy, and foggy moors, is a little Asian girl.  …
We all make spelling errors from time to time. Clearly you need to find something better to do. Otherwise, ask our South Asian friends what "chawwal" or "lota" means - and try not to be like that. Cheers, and hold my beer.  …
Last century's epidemics more deadly than today's. Spanish Flu - killed up to 50 million Asian Flu - killed up to 1.1 million Bird Flu - killed over 400 SARS - killed 774  
Ummm, @BNBuzz, you do realize that there are ACTUAL “classic” novels by black, Hispanic and Asian people, right?!  …
| Katy Perry revealed to some fans after the British Asian Trust ceremony in London that she will release new songs at the right and special time including 'Save Me Some Tonight' which was partially leaked years ago. ITS TIME TO FIND THAT ADRENALINE! 
I LOVED that speech! Really was PERFECT! Hit every note. Helped every demographic. Touched black, white, brown, Asian. @realDonaldTrump did it right! A Grandslam!
Soon we will find out the biggest host of #coronavirus responsible for maximum contamination are the finger scanners at the immigrations counters in South East Asian airports.
Klay Thompson’s Evil Asian Step Brother got a clip on him 
No one. Absolutely no one. Asked. For. This. Black authors exist. Asian Authors exist. African authors exist. Latin American authors exist. Indigenous Authors exist. And we have our own classics! You KNOW this! You sell BOOKS! Lord have mercy. #DignidadLiteraria 
the world would not now be witness to America's great economic success. The unemployment rates for African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, and Asian-Americans have reached the lowest levels in history. African-American youth unemployment has reached an all-time low.
I went to Asian night at CAMBODIAN ROCK BAND @SignatureTheatr by @laurendyee. You all need to buy your tickets because it slaps. And producers, when you produce a POC work, it is your duty to have a POC night. Give us the space to be
in celebration of MvC2 hype marvel should let me write a marrow series and also preface each issue with "cb cebulski did yellowface to break marvel's own rules about editors  at a time when they were specifically looking for asian writers and was not fired for it"
It's the beginning of another Asian adventure and a milestone moment for the Blues, as they take the field for their  game in  Come on, BFC! #WeAreBFC #BluesInAsia 
Dear Black People!!!! Stop Supporting Asian Owned Business PERIOD!!!!! Support your own!!!! This is ridiculous #DoForSelfOrSufferTheConcidences 
Prince Charles announces Katy Perry as British Asian Trust ambassador - DAFUQ! She aint even british or asian! hahahah  …
What asian are you?  …
This is what happens when white people listen to #JoaquinPhoenix's #BAFTA speech about dismantling systematic racism. They double down and pick Katy Perry to be the face of their Asian Trust. #NotSorry  …
Rapper asian doll got maced at the club after disputing with cuban doll 
xiaozhan is filial, smart, kind, upright, handsome and tall, eloquent, good education, good at everything he does; he is the kid asian parents wish their kids were like. he has and will be invited on cctv and mainstream shows and events because he is the perfect role model
The Secret Garden is a book that hinges on the premise that Mary Lennox is a peevish white girl born and raised in India by colonialist British parents. I can’t say for sure but it looks like on this cover they made Mary Lennox...Asian.  …
WATCH: Democrats refuse to stand and cheer for historic lows in African American, Hispanics, and Asian American unemployment. 
Yay for Asian Americans! Unless you're wearing white. 
Misato: [kicks down door] EXOTIC ASIAN IN YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD [slams an entire can of Yebisu in one gulp] CLICK MY PROFILE NOW  …
“The unemployment rate for African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, and Asian-Americans has reached the lowest levels in HISTORY.” @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #SOTU
Pelosi & the Demorats refuse to clap for the lowest unemployment rate for black, Asian, & Hispanic Americans in U.S. history?! Geeeez.
Under Pres. Trump's Pro-Growth economic agenda, 2019 was prosperous for ALL Americans: —African American unemployment: 5.9% —Hispanic American unemployment: 4.2% —Asian American unemployment: 2.5% All historic or near-historic LOWS! 3 years of #PromisesMadePromisesKept! #SOTU
I deadass went to get boba & there’s a tall Asian in front of me so I go to my sister & say ou he look like he gonna be cute. He turns around & lmao it’s my lame nephew.
150+ ODI score in New Zealand Sachin Tendulkar - 1 All other Asian players - 0 #NZvsInd
It was a privilege & honour to meet HRH Prince Charles at British Asian Trust dinner tonight. He was delighted that Pakistan is holding an Investment Summit soon in London to promote & enhance the trade & investment between the two countries. 
Y'all about ready to watch the do nothing dems sit on their do nothing butts when the do everything Pres talks about lowest ever black, Asian & Hispanic unemployment tonight? Or when he speaks about killing 2 of the biggest terrorist, or breaking all stock market records? #Idiots
When you ask your Asian mom if she loves you. 
so we gonna ignore that this whole cancel the shows in ph isn’t fueled by the xenophobic/racist notion that south asian countries/people are dirty?? like sk has had more confirmed cases of the coronavirus and yet everyone wants them to cancel these shows and to home lmao
this new east asian fantasy looks so good  …
Oh snaaaap , goddess hit 800 followers :)! Come congratulate me with $8/$80/$800 now $end I'm so proud of myself with findom, thank you everyone! { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme femdom brat Asian } 
Singer, songwriter and rapper @llama_ajol chats with us about the differences in her audiences across the globe Listen to Amber's song 'Curiosity' on our Asian American Mix now :  
the embarrassing number of gay asian men who brought whiteboys to asian american theater night,,,,,,,,, 
Without the cooperation of Democrats, President @realDonaldTrump has been able to secure historic economic wins: • Over 7 million new jobs created • 50-year low unemployment of 3.5%. • Record low unemployment for Latino, black, Asian Americans • Historic trade deals 
Hey everybody!!! I’m looking to do a song collab and am in need of six vocalists. 3M, 3F (one with Asian accent) Send your demos and singing samples to my email at  Deadline will be Wednesday the 5th at 11:59 PM EST 
You pointed out a lack of diversity on a plane with white men, white women, Black men, black women, Asian men and women? Which group are you pissed about being excluded? Democrats?  …
No British Asian was available? It’s 2020.
By the phenomenal @TheSharpEdge1, with incredible graphics by @TheSpeaker2018. This is a MUST READ! #DigIt! Burgeoning Asian Bioweapons -  …
Did they just teased us the LM5 Logo or font on brits 2017? 
So it's 10 fucking degrees outside and it's just getting lower, all the way to -4 So $end for some hot chocolate I'm wrapped up and in fuzzy socks. { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme femdom brat Asian } 
But honestly, What is an "Asian Indian" anyways? How many South Asian Americans are going to look at the Census and not know how to fill this out? 
she might be an angel, but she ain’t asian or british
Katy will be raising MILLIONS for Asian people with poor resources while the pressed locals dragging her, that aren't even British or Asian, are on their coaches not moving a single finger for them and feeling free to drag a woman who just wants to help. We don't deserve her.  …
[ENG SUB] 200114 #WayV SME Interview Watch WayV talk about what it means to be an idol, their hopes for the future, family spirit (so cute) and winning Best New Asian Artist at #MAMA! They truly are a family and it's the purest thing ever  
I’m actually so confused why her out of all people she’s not even British let alone asian
The  issue I see with people new to Asian cuisines is that they use too many ingredients. They throw every "Chinese" ingredient they can think of into every dish thinking that it will make it taste more "Chinese". This is a problem.
Wait til all the Asian aunties and uncles find out she kisses girls and likes it  …
key points to discuss and reflect on concerning the CV situation and adjacencies -dehumanization of Chinese nationals -no mention of any outside donations to help fund hospitals and staff//relief efforts -no international empathy -homogenization of asian people -xenophobia
The Prince of Wales met Katy Perry as they attended a reception for supporters of the British Asian Trust at Banqueting House, Whitehall, London 
WTAF!? #SUSSEXSQUAD. Charles went to Hollowood to find an Asian? Katy Perry? Bwaaahahhhaa . So many things wrong here. But Prince Andrew and Epstein-  …
As a British Asian man I am asking Katy to help make the British Royal Family realise their error. I get you are happy. She is great. Which is why I am sure she'll help. And if she doesn't I'd still consider it the fault of the royal family in the first instance. So chill
Imagine. "British Asian ambassador" and shes neither of those things. The royal reporters try to make out like the royals are somewhow above & better than Hollywood or Americans, yet at every opportunity they will cozy up to the entertainers. Hilarious.
She's not helping, she's literally been given the title of 'ambassador' meaning she REPRESENTS the Trust. And she's not British. Or Asian. How can she represent something that she isn't??
Because it's the BRITISH ASIAN trust, I feel like you might be missing something here
if y’all b seeing asian peeps wearing masks pls don’t decide to make racist jokes :// aight ~ stay healthy fwiends 
The Prince of Wales has named pop star Katy Perry as a new ambassador of his British Asian Trust @britishasiantst in a major drive against  …
*Confused in British Asian* 
@katyperry please reconsider and make the UK pick someone who is British Asian
Is it just me? Or do other Asian American #YangGang out there also feel discriminated against from the @DNC and the rest of the media whenever there’s #YangMediaBlackout? It’s like we don’t matter at all, no matter how hard we try. And it’s 2020. We’re better than this America.
AOC doesn't want to celebrate 7.3 MILLION jobs created since @realDonaldTrump's election. Or the fact African American (5.9%), Hispanic American (4.2%), and Asian American (2.5%) unemployment rates are all near HISTORIC LOWS.  …
The Canadian public is massively subsidizing this pipeline expansion for a nonexistent Asian bitumen market. You seem to have confused CNRL, Imperial Oil, Cenovus, and Suncor with Albertan workers and their families. #ableg #cdnpoli  …
can we start a thread of Asian astrologers/astrology enthusiasts?? it doesn’t feel like there are a lot of us out there
Katy Perry looking gorgeous while posing with the Prince of Wales at a charity dinner in London, where she will be named the ambassador of the “British Asian Trust” project ! 
Prince Charles announces Katy Perry as British Asian Trust ambassador 
when hollywood wants to pat itself on the back for being so inclusive and progressive nowadays, remember that shit like this is STILL HAPPENING and it always happens to asian actors. this is so unacceptable  …
A lady in the airport told me I look just like one of the contestants on The Bachelor and without Googling I’m going to hazard a guess that there is an Asian contestant who looks absolutely nothing like me.
Katy Perry: UNICEF ambassador British Asian Trust ambassador QVC breast cancer foundation ambassador Boys & Girls club promoter National Equality award winner Humanitarian award winner 
Katy Perry has been announced by The Prince of Wales as the new ambassador for the "British Asian Trust" We stan the best person in the world 
NEW: Prince Charles has tonight announced @katyperry as an ambassador of the British Asian Trust’s Children’s Protection Fund for India. It is the annual Royal Dinner for the charity, also attended by the Duchess of Cornwall 
Yeah cause every asian in the US is born with the corona I suggest you cover your face around Asians and say it to their face so they can rock the shit out of you
isn't he half asian? what a loser lol  …
they went from a black gay captain to an asian woman as captain. i love one show and one show ONLY.  …
i was walking on speedway and these two asian men were speaking korean and these three white guys were like “oh no coronavirus” — anyway i hate it here
Asian ppl are DYING from things like asthmatic episodes and strokes and heart attacks bc ppl refuse to stop and help them ‘bc of coronavirus’ (bc of racism). DYING. PREVENTABLE DEATHS. DYING.
just found out a white writer is doing a feature story on TO ALL THE BOYS I'VE LOVED 2 for [large+prestigious  that'll relate at least partly to Asian Am representation& it's disheartening that [company] considers AsianAm issues imprtnt but not AsianAm POV/expertise
We could learn a lot from gays, they are the most inclusive group. Gays can be white, black, Hispanic, asian, man, woman, Jewish, Muslim & sometimes you?
SHADOW OF THE BATGIRL is out everywhere today. I have loved Cassandra Cain with all my heart since she debuted many years ago. Writing her  Batgirl — the Asian American Batgirl — was a  true.  
At our Broadway Opening, people kept going up to our theater’s bartender and congratulating him bc he was Asian with glasses. He literally didn’t even have blonde hair.  …
This dude in my group for class wanted to be funny and assume cause i’m asian I got the corona virus..note the different responses to the girl saying  to me..goodluck on the group work dude 
Singer @katyperry with Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall at a reception for the British Asian Trust in the Banqueting House, Whitehall, tonight. 
Katy Perry at the British Asian Trust Royal Dinner in London. 
Join us this THURSDAY for an AAPI day of action as we call Asian American & Pacific Islander voters in Nevada. Sign up for a remote shift and easy-to-follow instructions here: 
Pop star Katy Perry has arrived at a British Asian Trust event in central London. 
It’s that time of year again where journalists mix up Asian celebrities at award shows.  …
He is from modelling field He is a international modle Mimic karta hain Rap karta hain Dance karta hain Actor hain Isn't it talent 24th sexiest asian men 4th most loved tv personality Ppl consider him as most bright future Period #BB13 #AsimRiaz
Me: *tweets about a Chinese American who bragged about having an egg monopoly in China by collaborating with Imperial Japan, only to have it taken away by  Asian Americans: "OMG that's terrible!!" This is why Asians don't like Asian Americans.
According to Chinese scientists, the Corona Virus attaches onto lung receptors that are five times more likely in Asian males:  … Also... white people are essentially immune because we have the acetylcholinase inhibitor against the virus.
Got on the bus and the only seat left was next to an Asian wearing a facemask. Right after I sat down, he coughed So this is how it ends 
News Release: Councilmember @cmkshama, South  members, and activists celebrated the passage of a Seattle City Council resolution denouncing India's National Register of Citizens (NRC) and Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA). Learn more:  …
Asian Americans (and other poc) please stop supporting politicians who don’t actually have any policies that serve  holistically just because they’re the same race as you.  …
Deluged by #Misinformation about the new #Coronavirus on social media, some Asian governments are fighting back with arrests, fines and #FakeNews laws—something #FreeSpeech advocates fear will entrench measures that can also silence  …
Any Asian Champions League games featuring clubs from China are set to be postponed because of the coronavirus. In full  
Beyond delighted to be an ambassador for @stae_elephants! In the name of 'tourism' asian elephants are still subjected to unimaginable cruelty. Thats why I'm so thrilled to be involved with such an incredible organisation helping to protect these iconic animals.  …
Italian politics is that place where the people who've been arguing for the right to send their measles-ridden unvaccinated children to school are now the very same people who want to gun down anyone looking vaguely Asian as soon as they sneeze.
Yea, the Asian Berner that I met at the Chinese NY Festival, who spit when he talked and sounded just like Bernie said they’re going to bring down the 1% including Yang’s business. We’re like, his non-profit, that’s helping entrepreneurs?
So here’s what I was prepared to ask you for : @mocanyc needs your help. Desperately . I need like @Weeksville like @bcaheritage for @mocanyc to survive. This is as an archivist , a former docent, a New Yorker, and a Black person with Asian Heritage absolutely GUTTING  …
Comics Society for Asian Americans Formed in New York City  
THEATER TWITTER! Anyone know any Asian female fight choreographers based in NYC? Please RT!
Many months ago I felt prompted to reach out to a young mom of one of the dancers in my daughter's dance class. She was obviously Asian but I didn't know much about her save that she had three small kids and limited English. I ignored the feeling but it wouldn't let go.
my asian mom? hot. my white dad? not hot. me and my siblings? hot. this proves white men have weak genes.
Biggest appeal of watching Asian dramas (Korean, Chinese, Taiwan, Thailand) has been that I get a finite number of episodes and  story. I hate the fact that @netflix decided to change that format.  …
“This really is an immigration ban”: @camiloreports on the Trump administration unveiling a new set of immigration restrictions on six African and Asian countries  
We’re delighted to  @MeganMcCubbin zoologist, wildlife TV presenter and filmmaker as an Ambassador for STAE. Megan is a wonderful young voice for wildlife protection. We are thrilled to be working with her for the Asian elephants. #ambassador 
Capt Hawa Singh, Brigade of The Guards, Asian Games Gold Medalist, 1966 and 1970. The Hawa Singh Block at Asian Games Village, is named after one of India's greatest boxing Heroes.  …
We are pleased to announce two fully funded Phd positions in East and South-East Asian Studies! Application deadline: March 1, 2020  …
. @kloeffler is excited to hear @realDonaldTrump discuss his many  for Americans at #SOTU tonight: Strong economy Record employment rate More jobs for women, Hispanics, African-Americans, Asian-Americans #GASen 
We also examine the puzzle of why Asian Americans drew upon a postcolonial history when building their panethnic movement in the late 1960s and early 1970s, and why Hispanics did not.  …
Maldives is the 2nd south asian country after Afghanistan to deny permission for the anti India event being planned by Islamabad globally on 5th Feb.  …
Spanish Albums Year-End Chart 2019 #24 MOTS: Persona #90 LY: Answer MOTS: Persona and LY: Answer are the first Asian Albums to enter the Spanish Year-End Chart. BTS got 2 albums debuting! #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
Exposing Anti-Asian Racism; Thread. 
"Asian savannas have been misinterpreted as degraded forest since the colonial period [...] Current conservation agendas in many tropical regions are tree-centric and largely focus on forests."  …
*NEW* Article Published on Corey's Digs! Check it out! In this report we look back at the history of Asian BWs, and fast-forward to their BW program today. And yes, we discuss the current CV situation. Special thanks to @TheSpeaker2018 and  …
“I voted for Trump,” one Democrat, who wished to remain anonymous, told the Accredited Times. “We have record-low African-American unemployment, Hispanic-American unemployment, and Asian-American unemployment. Trump is doing an unbelievable job.”  …
Choose your asian boy 
Super excited! Asian Women & Cars: The Road to Independence is being screened at London's @V_and_A on Friday 7th Feb 2020. Event opens at 6pm, my film and screening starts at 7pm. Tickets & info here: £7 (£5)  I hope you can make it! 
The battle round of 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 has started! Stell Ajero (Philippines) vs Xiao Zhan (China) Let’s vote our ray of sunshine now now! cast your vote here:  … #SB19BillboardMainstay #WishBusTuesSB19 #SB19 @SB19Official 
choose ur asian girl w/ @stwbriy @bacotbgtsumpa @syaitonsetan @yamollii @sasantuy @emelimels 
The first @DallasFuel hat signed by @Crimzo!!!!! Thank you again @DF_aKm and @HarryHook  by that night. @lindsaycaudill for helping me set up the surprise! And @mazin_asian, hope your first full day goes smoothly! #BurnBlue 
We don't care if we get suspended by N*ver cos this is the PROUDEST MOMENT for ALL QATAR ARMY! KIM TAEHYUNG HAS MENTIONED "DOHA" on today's Run BTS episode 94! We exist! Yoongi knows this is where Asian games were held! This is a win to Qatar ARMY! #BTSQatar 
HELLO I AM VERY EXCITED TO HAVE DISCOVERED THE NEW SILKPUNK GENRE (it’s been around for a while but i’ve grown keen on it) — basically it’s steampunk BUT instead of being western/victorian era inspired, it borrows elements from east asian antiquity!!!! isn’t that so cool?!?
Racism towards Chinese/Asian people was preexisting. Sensationalizing coronavirus and other racialized diseases (MERS, ebola) reifies BIPOC as biological threats to the body politic and facilitates the expansion of state power (calls for anti China travel bans, etc)  …
How do different bat ensembles use @UNESCO Man & Biosphere reserves? And can these reserves provide valuable habitat for conserving #bat diversity in the SE Asian tropics? Check out our new open-access paper at  … #landusechange @DiversityMdpi 
Asian Heartthrobs Facebook #100AsianHeartthrobs2020 the Battle Round. KANG DANIEL of South Korea vs WANG YIBO of China Click here to vote  Support your bias by posting a  Bashers will not be tolerated. #KangDaniel 
It is sad to hear, read & experience the recent bullying, xenophobia & racism faced by the British Chinese & other East  - especially by school children. I hope that we will all intervene to stop this if we see it happening.  …
I’ve always wanted to travel on my own, but then I remembered I’m an asian girl, living in an asian household.
Gonna go to downtown Toronto with a sign that says "STOP CORONAVIRUS RACISM FREE HUGS FOR QT ASIAN GIRLS" Think it'll work ladz?  …
RT @KitchenSanc2ary 12 Minute Sticky Asian Sea Bass  …
my first piece for @galdemzine interviewing the amazing @Duaa_A_Karim who is doing absolute BITS for South Asian representation  …
Man Like Mobeen star @Duaa_A_Karim on being a young South Asian girl on screen, and the positive impact her role is having on girls who relate to her and her character  
Looking for young people in Birmingham (aged 18-30) to share experiences of  East/Southeast Asian in UK for an academic project! We are looking for Japanese, Korean, Thai, Filipino/a, Vietnamese, Cambodian, Indonesian participants & other groups. Pls get in touch!
Highest Odi score in NZ by Asian Players! Sachin - 163* T Perera - 140 Thirimanne - 139* Among Indians Sachin - 163* Sehwag - 125* Dravid - 123* Kohli - 123 #NZvsIND Odi series starts from 
The genes match those identified in other similar studies of schizophrenia — but nearly all previous research has been conducted in European or Asian populations. 
This is not a Images from Opening Ceremony of Olympics or Asian Games. It's from Kalladka, Karnataka where thousands of Students of Shri Rama Vidyakendra performed Surya Namaskara on Ratha Saptami. 
12 minute Sticky Asian Sea Bass  …
Real men don’t wear fossil, but seiko instead? Lol. Which demographic do you belong to bro? Why do you put such labels? I mean, your masculinity falls on asian brands? That’s manhood to you? Pfttt
Every time there's a fuck up like this, it makes Andrew Yang look good. It's like oh shit that's what that one Asian dude was saying all along. Govt IS behind in technology. #IowaCaucuses
All ima say is if an Asian yout made the exact  Fredo made but about Ebola you lot would not be laughing
"10% of all UK games workers were non-white, which is a slightly higher percentage than that of the national working population." "2% of respondents were black, 6% were Asian, 2% said they were "mixed or multiple," and 1% specified another race" 
Guess these 2 lawmakers from Sweden, Holm & Svenneling, who nominated Greta Thunberg for the NOBEL PEACE PRIZE for her climate activism.. must not have received that FACEBOOK memo that Greta’s dad & an ASIAN climate expert are the ones to acknowledge  …
BREAKING: the simpsons more accurate than a poll. Pls tell them to make an episode about a goofy asian man getting elected who will save our country
Key finding 2) 10% of people working in games are from Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic (BAME) backgrounds, slightly higher than the national working population and the overall creative industries. But representation is lower in senior roles.  …
action re BAME inequality in health  - record the ethnicity of every woman on your maternity system- Ensure 75% of Black& Asian women receive continuity of carer by 2024 plus women living in deprived areas, as set out in the NHS Operational Planning &Contracting Guidance.  …
Spreading fear and racism. As the #coronavirus has spread worldwide, it has carried with it xenophobia -- and  around the world are finding themselves subject to suspicion and fear  
Fuck do I love a good RT game, no matter how high or low it is { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme RT game Asian brat } 
"Living as an Asian female new media artist away from home in London, I always considered myself a minority. However, the rise of @BTS_twt gave me thrills because it proved anyone can achieve mainstream success." - Korean artist Kang  …
2007 - Sexiest Asian man Alive 2010 - 3rd Sexiest Asian man 2015 - 7Th Sexiest man alive 6th Handsome man in the world of all time 2nd handsome man on earth in top 10 now 7th handsome man on earth last year list of top 10 #TBWORLD2019 @iamsrk @teamsrkfc 
yes im a sucker for asian men there i said it
W/ Prez Trump in office he is improving the lives of ALL Americans. Under Prez Trump, the econ is booming, historic tax cuts were passed, trade deals have been renegotiated, and African, Asian, and Hispanic American unemployment are all at RECORD LOWS! #Trump2020 #KAG 
#Hyderabad Need #Blood Type : B-negative At : Asian Institute of Gastroenterology Hospital Number of Units : 3 Primary Number : 9032062655 Via: @rowdy_da #BloodMatters Powered by 
When JT said “black, white, Puerto Rican, Chinese, or Asian I ain’t discriminating nigga long as you paying” I really felt that, same sis.
Tonight we won #YangGang. We showed America that an Asian American man w/ 0 political experience could run for President & unite an entire nation. This is historic. It hasn’t been easy, but we‘ve continued to shock the world over & over! Now let’s go win New Hampshire! 
"where trust and empathy have value" ?! because the asian people who very respectfully expressed concern over the depiction our race in their art are the evil evil bad guys who ran the poor white person off the site? when they deactivated instead of listening to POC?  …
Shivani Charak of #Jammu ws diagnosed with cancer at d age of 9, bt now this 18 YO cancer survivor is counted as India’s top woman sport climber after a win at the Asian Championships. I salute her challenging attitude against cancer. You go girl! #WorldCancerDay2020 
I am so proud to see @LicypriyaK standing for inclusion of Climate change in the school curricular. I met her in 2018 during the South Asian Youth Forum. What an influencive girl she is  …
After a triumphant stint in the 30th Southeast Asian Games, @pauweenie is setting her sight on the qualifiers for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics. Catch the Filipina taekwondo jin with @charlestiu tonight at 10.  
#IowaCaucuses results aside, it’s cool that we live in a time where we can vote in a presidential election that consists of prominent candidates like: • a practicing Hindu woman • an asian-american man • an openly gay man • a jewish-american man • and multiple women
STATS ~ 100 Asian Hearthrobs [ Top 50 Battle Rounds ] As of 1:10 pm RED ALERT ✓Partial Votes 1. - 25,222 votes 2. Sejun - 25,065 votes UNLIMITED VOTES! vote here:  … USE THE HASHTAG AND TAG ; #SB19BillboardMainstay @SB19Official
Britain hit by another Asian grooming gang scandal as report exposes child sex abuse in Manchester  #FoxNews
Hi little pups and sluts ! Weekends are almost inactive for me when  to posting, so here's a blessing - me - now $end because you got to hear my voice. { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme femdom brat Asian } 
Therapist: Asian John Cena isn’t real he can’t hurt you Asian John Cena: 
if asian aunties saw this they will be like "if her skin were lighter she would be prettier" stupid beauty standards  …
@AndrewYang spouted up hatred and racial animosity by saying that White people will be shooting up Asian churches in the next generation. He is a madman! 
ok but casual racism against asian people is the most disregarded on social media especially bc of idiots like this  …
I agree with this 100% and also want Asians to take racism against other races more seriously in order for people to take us seriously because not acknowledging the anti-Black sentiment in the  contributes a lot to this problem!!
#GoldenAgeOfPakistanAthletics Abdul Raziq of Pakistan Army Signals Corps was the Star Hurdler produced by Pakistan. He was the Asian Games and Commonwealth Gold medalist in 110 Metres Hurdles wining Asian Games Gold 1958, 1966 and Commonwealth Games Gold Perth 1962. 
Not only is @AndrewYang outperforming the polls, he is on track to win national delegates. That would qualify him as the first Asian-American to win a delegate to the Democratic National Convention. Historic night for Yang! #IowaCaucuses  …
A wonderful experience (c) Asian HipHop Philippines 
Why do we make race such an issue when  to love??!! Love whoever you choose rather they’re black, white, Asian, Latino, Hispanic, etc. this goes for black men and black women. It’s okay to have a type. Love ain’t got no color whatsoever.  …
Reza Aslan, CNN host, said he wanted to punch Sandmann in the face After Rush Limbaugh announced diagnosis with lung cancer, Aslan tweeted “Ask yourself this simple question: Is the world a better place or a worse place with Rush Limbaugh in it?” Is Reza Asian a Jackass ? 
Part of what makes this incredible is just how big of a barrier caucuses are for  and is a true testament to the incredible organizing  are capable of on the ground. Burmese Americans are the ~fifth-largest  in Iowa.  …
Chris Ikonomidis’ ACL tear confirmed. Horrible news for a ripping guy. This time last year he  off an excellent Asian Cup with the @Socceroos. Massive shame. @FOXSportsNews
When I was in high school and undergrad I CHASED after the Black anime boys. Do you know who they wanted? 1. Asian girls 2. White girls 3. Pillows Like SHUT. UP.  …
White people would rather attribute a person of color’s success to their ethnic, racial, cultural, etc. background than admit their own mediocrity. The audacity of it all is a defense mechanism to protect their spaces of influence. In this essay, I will-
If @AndrewYang wins a delegate tonight in the #IowaCaucuses he will  the first Asian-American to win a delegate in a Democratic primary. Let’s make that happen! #YangGang keep fighting to make history!
The clip is right here for everyone acting like he never said this Andrew Yang: White people will be shooting up Asian churches within a generation 
SEATTLE SHOWING US THE WAY This historic resolution is the work of countless Desi/South Asian organizers, @EqualityLabs, @cmkshama—Seattle’s South  is making a clear statement: it is critical for our diaspora to oppose fascist policies everywhere.  …
oh to be a small white puppy getting its teeth brushed by a cute asian girl 
Yang said white people will be shooting up Asian churches within a generation  …
uh i don’t date white people but i do have an issue with non- white men telling women of the same race who to be involved with. Especially as they continue to uphold patriarchy and do little to confront their own patriarchal ideas. Something i’ve seen extensively from asian men.
Not seen at #IowaCaucuses: A. African-American B. Hispanic C. Asian D. Mike Bloomberg E. All of the above E for electoral archaicism. 
CUNY has tapped David Wu to be the next president of Baruch College. He  the first Asian-American college president in the CUNY system.  …
How Democrats see voters: 51.5% white 11.6% black 9.7% Asian 18.5% Hispanic 3.6% multi-racial 3.9% international 0.5% Am Indian 0.2% Hawaiian 0.6% undisclosed How Trump sees voters: 100% American
If you’re at the food court where do you go? The Jamaican Spot, Italian Spot, Mexican Spot, or the Asian Spot... 
REVISIONS (02.04.2020) - Revised format - Updated voting instructions for Starmometer's 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 - Revised Twitter format to include mention in all tweets #SB19 @SB19Official - Admin P
Some normally quite “co operative” British East Asian artists are excitedly sharing Joaquin Phoenix’s acceptance speech Guys, you can say this stuff yourself you know. You don’t actually need a White man to empower you
I live in the most Asian part of Cedar Rapids (not very), but there are almost no Asians here at this caucus. Very few POC.
Interesting paper on lung cancer in Asian and European populations. Multiple differences including of course EGFR mutation  in lung cancers from Asian papers, even restricted to non-smokers, while KRAS mutation in the same pathway is  in cancers from Asia.  …
The February #miseducAsian Twitter Chat is 2 days away!! Join us as we discuss application of activist frameworks to teaching with @lin_freda and @cath_goulding, co-founders of YURI: An Asian American Education Project at 5pm PDT/ 6pm MDT/ 7pm CDT/ 8pm EDT on Wednesday, Feb. 5th. 
When did stop functioning as a sovereign nation &  beholden to China & UN? Meanwhile: US, UK, NZ, Australia, Israel, India & many European, Asian & African countries protecting their citizens by enforcing #2019_nCov entry restrictions for travellers/flights from  …
CNN dummy was interviewing people on line to caucus in Iowa and skipped over a dude with a math hat and a whole ass Asian family.. to interview four white people.. I wonder why
Let's set the record straight. DDS are not pro-China. DDS are for pro-equality & anti-racism. DDS believe that all human beings regardless of race, gender or religion are all EQUAL, while promoting to Filipinos to embrace our Asian heritage.
In 2016, Bernie Sanders broke ground  the first Jewish American to win a primary or caucus. Tonight, it will be Andrew Yang breaking ground  the first Asian American to win a primary or caucus. #JewsForYang #YangGang
being happy is important but not as important as making sure your asian parents think you've never had sex in your whole entire life until one day you immaculately conceive your lil mantou
At the end of today we will have a new front runner in the Democratic Primary chosen by a state that is- White:90.28% Black/African American: 3.51% Asian:2.4% 2+races: 2.1% Other:1.25% Native:0.37% Hawaiian/Pacific Islander:0.10% Give me a fucking break.
Today I received a school email saying that "Chinese, Chinese-American, and other Asian students" have been experiencing increased hostility, which made me think of how quickly public views of #Asians & #AsianAmericans flip between "model minority" stereotypes and "yellow 
CUNY’s Board of Trustees voted to appoint the first Asian American in the university’s history to serve as a college president. @DavidWuGmu will be the eighth president of 
me, an asian, fake coughing in public so that people can get out of my way: 
Oh give me a break. I'm Asian and I am afraid of Asian people who cough. When mad cow was in England I didn't have sex with English people for a year, even though they begged me.  …
Regarding Iowa: White: 90.28% Black or African American: 3.51% Asian: 2.40% Two or more races: 2.10%. Ridiculous that we go through such contortions over this state in the first place, not to mention the inherently bad system of caucusing.
been working with this amazing up  asian streetwear brand the past couple months - super excited for their first @i_D feature  …
You will be knackered at the next GE. P45 time after voter ID is brought in, the Asian voter fraud will be finished.
Me when a asian nigga starts coughing in my direction 
If you're worried about the spread of #coronavirus.... DO: wash your hands regularly and thoroughly. DO NOT: spread fear of Asian people. Only one of these is proven to reduce the spread of disease.  …
The notion that cholera in #Haiti came from Nepalese troops is pure nonsense. The criminal UN originally dumped an unknown substance in a Northern river that made my relatives and others sick...not to mention there were MULTIPLE strains of cholera found, not just an Asian strain.
When the Asian guy sneezes at your frat party 
Racist graffiti targeting Black people was found in a stairway in Day Hall on Sunday, according to a DPS bias incident report. Additional racist graffiti targeting Black and Asian people was found in Day Hall on Jan. 28.
"Could there really be a political movement in America which brings together Blacks and Whites and Latinos and Asian Americans and Native Americans, gay and straight, to stand up as WORKING CLASS PEOPLE fighting for change?" #CaucusForBernie  …
Not many blacks can trace their ancestry to being African. Why have we not evolved to be called americans, first? Why does there always have to be another "country" in front of our ethnicity? Spanish American, Asian American, Mexican American. Americans should be first. Get it?  …
Good man.....say it as it is. Ex Bolton top cop speaks out over 'Asian grooming scandal'  …
Want to hear a group of Asian creators develop a fantasy world inspired by ancient China? Listen to the latest episode of @aznsrepresent Dungeons & Da Asians! #dungeonsanddragons  …
Just like Ebola isn’t an African disease, coronavirus isn’t a Chinese or an Asian disease either. Idiots and racists must stop the BIGOTRY, TARGETING, and DISCRIMINATION. – at Garden Of Eden
Asian Culture of Respect  …
*Chinese American lady posts a sob story about how her family had a monopoly on eggs in China until  took it away from them* Turns out her family were collaborators with Imperial Japan, which is probably how they got their monopoly. Asian Americans
Liberal luvvies claim the BAFTA awards need more non-white diversity They  about festivals such as The UK Asian Film Festival, African Film Awards, Punjabi Film Awards, The Screen Nation [formerly the bfm (black filmmaker)] Film & TV Awards Double standards?
Why is it bigoted to critique pop culture? I'm not a bigot!  from a family of Italian & Greek immigrants. I grew-up in the inner city with Latino, Black & Asian friends. I'm critiquing the vulgarity of a certain stereotype of Latino culture as was on display at SB.
Listening to a conversation between 2 asian dudes. They’re debating on whose image should be on US currency. Obama or MLK? The younger one says to the elder, “MLK did more for everybody. If it wasn’t for Black People getting rights, asians wouldn’t have been able to piggyback.”
didnt think what i saw on twitter was real abt ppl covering their mouths around asian ppl until it happened to me loooooooool 
Gay men suffered stigma and discrimination when HIV first emerged. Ebola became a stand-in for  of ‘African-ness,’ ‘blackness,’ ‘foreign-ness,’ ... And now, as was the case with SARS in 2003, anti-Asian racism is rampant. By  …
#بافتمبي_قوميز A creative attacker, and whoever says otherwise makes a mistake But achieving the Asian heroes will tip the lion Top scorer + top scorer for Asia + top scorer 
Just a kind reminder. Not every Asian has Kung Fu skills or Coronavirus. Let’s stop racism.
Can we please not treat Chinese people badly because of Corona virus?! They are suffering and it isn’t their fault. Just because someone is Asian don’t assume they are a carrier. The virus doesn’t care about race.  …
SBI Holdings and Ripple Labs Asian consortium, Money Tap gets investments from 34 Banks. The banks include Ashikaga Bank, Awa Bank, EHIME BANK, Kita-Nippon Bank, KiraboshiBank, Gunma Bank, KeiyoBank, San-in Godo Bank | Read More:  | #XRP 
just a friendly reminder wearing a mask out in public is okay... what’s not okay is putting on a mask intentionally in front of an asian person because you think they carry a virus... YIKES the internet is exposing some of y’all
If you search online, nearly every published engineering research in the last 5yrs has Asians as author or co-author, especially Chinese. Asian students have taken over most of Europe & UK universities fully funded PhDs. But the ones in Nigeria are busy asking for Buhari's WAEC. 
are you: - black - arab - asian - caucasian - latino(a) - other 
An Asian Male Is Not Truly Considered A MAN Until He Owns His First Pair Of Weird Clunky Balenciaga Shoes.
Cover Reveal!!! I am so in love with the RENT A BOYFRIEND cover because IT FEATURES AN ASIAN COUPLE!!! The hot pink! The hand lettering! Their expressions! Design: @iamturtlecat Please check out the cover and 1st chapter on  …
Lee Isaac Chung’s ‘Minari’ Sheds Fresh Light On Asian American Immigrant Experience – Sundance Studio  
Last week I read a Tweet to my 14yo Asian American son about  toward Asian people ramping up due to Coronovirus. "Oh yeah, that's already happened to me."  …
It goes deeper for me. What they're experiencing is prejudice or xenophobia at worst. NOT racism. So I correct any Asian I see tossing around "racism". We know whose backs they tryna ride when they use that word. And I need them to kindly get the f*ck off.
I  by the good folks at BBC Asian Network to create artwork for the new ‘Fresh To Death’ podcast featuring Saima Thompson and Maleena Pone - check it out now on the BBC Sounds app! 
It’s problematic to clump all POC together. The data needs to reflect the individual gains/losses of Black, Latinx, Asian, Indigenous, etc. So that we can see who is truly being impacted and who’s truly benefiting for this “diversity” push. It’s important that we ALL are seen.
I'm working on a report in collaboration with @TheSpeaker2018. Look out for it! "Burgeoning Asian Bioweapons" We will look back at the Japanese biological weapons that started it all & fast forward to the burgeoning Chinese biological warfare program today, which arose from it 
asian people got some nerve wearing these masks...this y’all fuckin’ fault.
Corona Virus as Excuse for Racism Against Asian People 
In this season of job talks and Q&A sessions, I hope you never hear(d) someone ask, “What makes you different from any other Asian American candidate?” Which I got once and even answered as politely as possible, because job talk #AcademicTwitter
The first time I heard about BTS was when they accepted their first BB Social Artist award. I was ecstatic to see an Asian artist on that stage giving an acceptance speech. I started to read a lot about @BTS_twt and the rest was history. That faithful 
Not 100% sure about your police work here. Not only is he a huge Asian cinema aficionado from way back, that’s what his face looks like when he’s waiting for food at the Taco Bell drive-in window.
i didn’t want to input on what happened with hori bc i’m not asian but i’m pissed at western fans he apologized + he’s changing the name bc he didn’t know what it was going to invoke in the minds of the countries that were affected by all of this. that’s jpn’s education’s fault
Gwadar Port to ensure access for its products to markets of Central Asian Republics & China & more importantly Africa has also shown its willingness to start negotiations with Pakistan on Early Harvest that will stimulate the growth of Pak-African trade volume up to $8 billion
she asian squatting thats real gang shit 
South Asian folklore around witches is FASCINATING. This was a weird little road I wanted to travel down for awhile, thanks to @tashgrz for giving me a reason  …
Tennis Champion Li Na & Other Rebels Those of us from Wuhan are proud of our tennis legend Li Na - China’s first Grand Slam singles champion (2011, @rolandgarros). She’s the first Asian-born player to be inducted into the International @TennisHalloFame 
Happy caucus day- let's celebrate by signing up to make calls to Asian American & Pacific Islander voters in Nevada! We're having our first remote day of action THIS THURSDAY. Sign up for a shift here to make sure AAPI voters are heard this election: 
Why are brown people the most fkin annoying people at uni? Always giving dirts and staring. Especially Asian girls man. Like I’m tryna not hate on my own but Brown people at uni are toxic
Dear Asian American Dems who are too chicken sh*t to take a strong stand for racial equity and affirmative action (looking at folks like @evan_low)... please find your back bone. I may not be Yang gang, but I respect Andrew Yang for taking a principled  …
Please stop making jokes about Asian players and coronavirus
South asian women in the GTA that are Business owners Freelancers Have a talent and want to monetize!  Looking for a job or opportunity May I please interview you?
Dear @SeattleCouncil: South Asian human rights lawyers urge you to condemn #CAA #NRC. Pls read our statement abt human rights violations in India & Kashmir:  … @Lisa_Herbold @D5Juarez @TammyMoralesSEA @CMAndrewJLewis @CMDanStrauss @cmkshama #SeattleRejectsCAA
"Gay men suffered stigma and discrimination when HIV first emerged. Ebola became a stand-in for  of ‘African-ness,’ ‘blackness,’ ‘foreign-ness,’ ... And now, as was the case with SARS in 2003, anti-Asian racism is rampant."  …
Wizkid FC, are celebrating the  song between BTS, k-pop and wizkid with our asian recognition While davido fans are still hoping for their first uk entry and billboard200!! 
a white woman in her 30s had the audacity to step in front of us in the ramen aisle, IN the Asian store and say "let's have some corona-noodles" while smiling and glancing at us Asians like it was the funniest shit ... I called her racist while we left so.. its self improvement.
In a cafe working and there's a business meeting happening right next to me. They mentioned the  living here and said "all kinds! Even Asian." The room fell silent, as everyone weirdly glanced at me. I really wish I farted in the silence. Would've killed.
In South Asian folklore, the witch-like churail is actually based on women who died at the hands of their husbands and came back to haunt them. 
. @curtiswellis: Asian fin markets have taken a huge hit. Nations like Singapore, S. Korea are much more integrated w/ China than we are. We're starting to see the Balkanization of China & satellites #coronavirus  Listen & watch 
Millennials are the most ethnically and racially diverse generation, with 19% being Hispanic, 14% African-American and 5% Asian. A huge voting bloc (24% of the U.S. pop) of minorities that Republicans have failed to attract. #wtpTEAM  …
I unfollow people who say Reylos are like TFM. FYI tfm were upset that an Asian woman was in a SW film. We think it's stupid that Ben died. It's not the same thing.
Asian people in America  about racism over the coronavirus and I'm over here like cry me a river bitch until the yt man starts gunning yall down in the streets like a purge over this shit.Then I will show no empathy nor shed a tear for ya'll.
The iPhone was invented in America, is powered by Central African minerals, and is brought to life by European and Asian technologies—but the World Trade Organization and the U.S. still classify it as a 100% Chinese export, writes @fredhochberg.  … via @WSJ
Andrew Yang is pulling Asian Americans to the left -- including people who opposed affirmative action.  …
The Asian Art Museum in Seattle will reopen to the public following a 2-year, $56 million renovation and expansion, unveiling new, modern spaces dedicated to showcasing and conserving Asian art 
This same energy must be kept for the Black men in the  that shit on Black women’s cosplay and are first in line to tell her how ghetto she looks while boosting up a White or Asian woman doing the same thing. Always look on the other side of the coin. 
"American Asian & Pacific Islander (AAPI) characters are almost entirely relegated to orientalist mysticism, transnational adoption, martial artists, and, of course, books about food."  …
"BJP’s political interests at home, which  muscular rhetoric and chest-thumping,"  India’s relations with its South Asian neighbours, argues @ZeeMohamed_ :  …
We need a solution for Corona Virus. But it shouldn't be used as an excuse and vehicle for racism against Asian People. I'm almost certain the hysteria in the West wouldn't be framed in this terrible way if the virus spread didn't start in Asia.
hi, i’m so excited to be the creative nonfiction mentor for the @kundimanforever mentorship lab this year! emerging asian american nonfiction writers in NYC, please apply; deadline is march 15:   …
In Paris this weekend we saw people actively move away from people they thought might be Chinese, and just now at St Pancras underground I saw a guy holding his scarf over his mouth standing next to an Asian guy. What a bunch of ignorant fucks.
"He has quieted the vocal conservative Asian American contingent that had been pulling  to the right." Don't miss @noahkimofficial's (fascinating) @TheAtlantic  …
Dito ko na ba sasabihin yung “you glow different when you’re happy”??? (c) Asian Hiphop Philippines 
I had an incident about 18 months ago when I was the only person to speak up when an elderly Asian man was abused by a young white man on a bus. He spat at me and called me a slag because there was nothing racist he could think of. Vile. I reported it to the police.
Ex-2020 candidate Julián Castro called the Iowa caucuses "not reflective of the United States." He's not wrong: Iowa is 85% white. Compared to the U.S. overall: Black, Asian, Latino people = about 3x underrepresented Native Americans = over 2x underrepresented 
[ STARMOMETER 100 ASIAN HEARTTHROBS 2020 ] Voting for semi-finals has now officially started. Support Sejun, vote now! VOTE HERE:  … #SB19onAweSAMSUNGCon #SB19GoUpSaBillboard @samsungph 
DELUSIONAL TRUMP Says No Democrat Can Beat Him With African-Americans ‘There’s a revolution going on in this country. I made a positive — I mean a positive revolution. Hispanic American, Asian-American, we have the best numbers we ever had... #MOG  …
𝕨𝕖 𝕕𝕠𝕟'𝕥 𝕙𝕒𝕧𝕖 𝕒 𝕔𝕝𝕦𝕖, 𝕤𝕠 𝕪𝕒𝕒𝕒 𝕨𝕖 𝕙𝕧 𝕥𝕠 𝕔𝕠𝕟𝕗𝕚𝕣𝕞 𝕥𝕙𝕒𝕥 𝕨𝕖'𝕣𝕖 𝕤𝕚𝕓𝕝𝕚𝕟𝕘𝕤. 𝕝𝕠𝕝. (we're asian, korean-indo a bit of arabian) but, ˜”*°•.˜”*°• luv ma brother sooo muchieee •°*”˜.•°*”˜ #ARSD #ARMYSeIcaDay 
Tbh about all those solo asian tours rumours, sure it's no problem and even if they do that they can still join reboot group #원하는_멤버들로_엑스원새그룹 #Oneit_want_new_X1 @x1official101 But isn't corona very serious among asia right now.... Agencies really gonna risk it?
ASIAN REPRESENT at the 2020 Oscars, #Parasite ay nagbabalik sa big screen! Let's show our support at panoorin na dito sa Cinema '76 Film Society! See you on the following 
A Gabonese, former Raja player paid us a visit today. His name is Londo Dieudonné, and was part of the team that won the African Champions’ League (1997) and the Afro-Asian Club Championship(1998) 
We reached 4,036 followers on our podcast! That's the equivalent of: 2,018 BP Teams, or 1,345 Asian Teams Thank you for being part of  of nerds. 
. @JustinTrudeau @PattyHajdu @CPHO_Canada @FP_Champagne Will immed adopt @CDCgov @NIH  alongside US, UK, Australia & many European, Asian & African countries already enforcing #2019nC0V entry restrictions for travellers/flights from  …
After all, it’ll be unusual to see a non-American & non-Korean act in the Top 10. In fact, they might just be the 1st Southeast Asian act to achieve this feat (actually di ko ‘to sure, help me out here A’TINs) #SB19GoUpSaBillboard @SB19Official
What large Asian Battery suppliers do when they meet a German Automaker these days? They bow a lot, smile and tell them friendly that they don't deliver whats agreed in the contract but happily take the fine What Automakers do today? A board crisis meeting No kidding
If  you make in the political arena is about race, that makes you racist. Americans don’t have just Hispanic ethnicity. We’re Native American, European, African, Asian AND Hispanic. But most importantly, we are AMERICANS!
‘Do you know what’s not an Asian stereotype? ... running for president of the United States’ @AndrewYang #YangGang
#India doubles Chabahar Port's budget. The $13.98m figure is earmarked for the  on Iran’s coast along the Sea of Oman, is being developed to provide an alternative trade routes between India and #Afghanistan and to Central Asian markets. 
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 – The Battle Round 
It's a good thing that San Francisco has neither close ties to Asian countries, a large Chinatown, a large population of homeless people, nor a large population of  people, or this could be bad.  …
I *liked* Praxeus. It was fun! But also not fun and tiring to see the show unintentionally lean into harmful stereotypes about airborne illness from East Asian countries (xenophobia predates coronavirus). Not fun to see a character with a Japanese first name and Chinese surname
. @MissOpium_x are you looking for a London Asian Dominatrix? then go see Miss Opium  
you just tagged an unknown asian man and now he probably shocked
Asian LNG markets have been over supplied ..just last November they were paying for cargos and sending them back to the US (see link) >>   …
today one of my student made a joke about being afraid of all Asian people because they could be carrying the Coronavirus and I took the opportunity to teach the whole classe about why such remarks are racist and unacceptable. In 2020 we: take time to make the kids aware.
We need your attention and help. "Maruta" is a slang term for the ruthless and terrible human subjects that Japanese colonists performed when they colonized the entire East Asian people like China, Korea, Russia, Mongolia and Vietnam during World War II. They were taken away by
Asian Parliamentary season is upon us! So let's talk about one of the most crucial first minutes of prep time: the veto. Give us a listen:  
Our new @orygen_aus paper shows treated #FEP incidence vs. Australian-born: 3-5x in African migrants 2-4x in Asian migrants No diff in Euro/NZ/US migrants May be variation in #SDOH or referral pathways  Led by @BrianNODonoghue & @PatMcGorry
Top officials in Southeast Asian countries dependent on China have played down the threat of the coronavirus and shied away from travel bans. Some have even pushed supposed remedies not supported by science. 
Literally, white people look at latinas, black women and asian women doing just about anything and they sexualize it. The problem here isn't Shakira's dancing, none of her dances were sexual in any way, the problem here is you sexualizing her!  …
Jungkook, Taehyung, Jimin & Jin are part of the semifinalists of 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020. #100AsianHeartthrobs2020. ( #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
BTS & J-Hope Stans hungry for a Collaboration with Wizkid & Fc also wants a Collabo with the Asian Groups. This should show y'all how huge Wizkid is in this music thing. Talent>>>> I Really hope this collabo happens as it'll be Wizkid 1st time on another music Genre (K-pop). 
Asian shares sink as virus fears maul China's markets  
Can’t be too safe these days. In-flight hazmat suit plus goggles. (A friend and former scribe just sent me these pics of his row mate on a flight shortly taking off from a South Asian city to Shanghai.) 
Polish Albums Year-End Chart 2019 #31 MOTS: Persona MOTS: Persona is the first Asian album to debut in the Poland Year-End Chart. #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic, and disabled LGBT+ workers experience higher levels of sexual violence than their able-bodied/white colleagues #ItsNotOK 
asian boys r so cute like yes 5’4 king sing to me
Amazing Africa, with 54 countries and an economy of $2.4 trillion dollars and a population of 1.2 billion people agrees to use #CPEC GAWADAR port to its trade to #China & Central Asian countries. This when materialised will change the fate of trade in this region. Insha Allah
Having a emotional moment stopped by our local Asian grocery shop to pick up supplies. I head out the door the owner yells out ka kite ano e hoa. I yell it back to her. She smiles yelling back I have been practicing that all summer for you...oh I love her
After Kalakshetra withdrew permission, people turned up in large numbers at Asian College of Journalism for the book launch of 'Sebastian and Sons' by @tmkrishna . VCK's @thirumaofficial , Raj Mohan Gandhi & mrdangam makers unveiled the book.  …
FIRST of all, Scarlett is Asian, not black
ASIAN MYDAYS NOT LDR WITH DAY6 ANYMORE. HOOOOORAAAAAY TO SAME TIMEZONES HAHAHAHAHA
Sometimes I see a cute “asian” girl on my tl n I’m like omg shes so cute so I click on her prof to see if she says da n word or anyting foolish like that before I go thru w the follow only to find out dis cute “asian” girl is actually a hwhite girl abusing snow app
I’m about three minutes into a show on Netflix So far, the characters have been: gay white female, Indian female, black female, Asian male, black male, and white male Guess which one is the ‘baddie’ 
Massive strength in consumption names Nestle Jubilant Food Asian Paints HU: Britannia Pidilite Berger Paints Colgate
Nikkei Asian Review: Entire Japan Inc to be outspent by 5 US tech giants in R&D.  …
Shoutout to Asian girls, let the lights dim sum. 
As someone who isn't a vegetarian, and thinks plain cauliflower is a bit 'meh', I can confirm these Asian Style Cauliflower Wings are flippin' delicious! The best way to make cauliflower taste good!!  … #vegetarian #cauliflower #partyfood #appetiser
The one thing I'm  out of the Good Place finale is that if you had seen Manny Jacinto in interviews and stuff before the show, you would've thought he was tragic miscasting for Jason Like he's absolutely not the "type" for a meathead bro, Asian stereotypes aside
- NCT unit that won all the major awards for a rookie male group in the year of their debut: Asian Artist Awards - Best Rookie Award Golden Disk Awards - New Artist of the Year Mnet Asian Music Awards - Best New Artist Seoul Music Awards - New Artist of the year
Oh for f**k sake,stop it with the coronavirus panic. Influenza, the regular flu, is twice as deadly & only for people w/severe lung & immune system problems. Wash yr hands & stop demonizing anyone w/Asian heritage. For now, flu is a bigger risk  …
“...as an Asian American, as a student, as a human, has brought me here today, and through PCN, will continue to allow me to tell the Asian American narrative. This representation of minorities through a student lead production is long overdue. it’s not privilege, it’s equity.”
An actual conversation between my coworkers just now: White coworker: Hey, you celebrate chinese new year, yeah? Asian coworker: No, Im not chinese.... IM WHEEZING
Just fucked a asian girl and checked to see if I had corona, turns out all i only got HIV, GOD IS GOOD
At an Asian cinema studies conference, I talked to a famous director in Chinese in front of several other attendees, expressing how much I admired him. Then he asked me how long I'd been in China and when I answered, he said, "Your Chinese is terrible. You should be ashamed."
Asian shares set for rough ride on virus fears, eyes on China  
-China's stocks on coronavirus concerns after trade resumes -Asian stocks including Hong Kong, Australia, Japan -Yuan past the key 7-per-dollar level -U.S. futures , Treasuries -Oil, gold  
STOCK MARKET CRASH BLACK MONDAY! Earlier, I tweeted that the Asian markets would crash upon opening on Monday morning, and moments ago upon opening, they plummeted over 9% This is the biggest drop in over 5 years, and is fueled from the recent #CoronaVirus 
On Social Media, Racist Responses To Coronavirus Can Have Their Own Contagion - I spoke with @NPRHealth @mgodoyh & suggested that we all ask ourselves 1question b/f we continue to spread anti-Asian racism - listen/read here!  …
Asian shares stumble, #oil skids and #commodities on Chinese exchanges plunge on their first trading day after the Lunar New Year break on fears that the coronavirus epidemic will hit demand in the world’s second-largest economy  by 
"We're all immigrants whether we're Mowree, Irish, English, Asian or whatever" says Connor English on @ThePanelRNZ 
The greatest African-American employment outlook in U.S. history. The greatest Latino jobs numbers in American history. Historic female and Asian employment figures. Or, as Pete Buttigieg--with abysmal minority support--puts it: 
To me it's an excessive level of caution. I have Canadians of Chinese origin in my family and we go to Chinese and Asian restaurants all the time, but it's not racist not to do so right now. I think sometimes politicians aren't even aware of how dumb some of their arguments are.
Watching Asian markets tonight is more entertaining than this game
My friend was at the Super Bowl. He couldn’t count the number of white, black, Latino, Asian, etc people who were seated or up walking around during the anthem...yet @charliekirk11 only focuses on two black people. Maybe focus on the rampant racism among members in @TPUSA.
Sometimes I feel depressed but then I remember im not part of Asian twitter and I feel much better
Tony Joseph book, ‘Early Indians’, says we all mix of 4 migrations 65,000 years: From Africa 12,000 years: From Iran 4,000 years: E Asia 3,500: C Asian (‘Arya’) All desis same gene pool of above. Muslim same as Hindu. We no diff from Pak or B’desh  …
I should have titled this: "Hegemony and hierarchy beyond Eurocentrism and Sinocentrism".....but please read my latest! I review the "state of the art" on historical East Asian international relations.  …
People need to understand 2 things about the coronavirus: 1) Not every Asian is Chinese. If you are going to assume that then you are a narrow minded fuck. 2) You cannot radicalise a virus or disease because this shit  for you based on the colour of your skin.
Apparently not asian because I have dark skin uwu shut up 
starting with tsukkikage for @yamineftis tsukki is forever knifecat and the knife is him ruining good milk by putting alcohol in it kageyama totally gets asian flush p bad fight me 
This made me believe Asian can be on the stage one day too. big thank you to Latino  
#AMMParty Day 22 - Aesthetic I know I'm super behind, but I'm keeping tabs on the hashtag... This aesthetic is for my South Asian Rapunzel WIP which is dark fairytale retelling featuring enemies to lovers, a marriage of convenience, and a LOT of light/dark symbolism. 
East asians who try to discredit me or any other brown asian can suck an infected dick. Because. You assume because we arent pale and look like you that we're not asian. Save your racism for someone who cares. Assholes
Most People from Wuhan : I am primarily upset at the Hubei government and can't even read the new York times due to language and the firewall Asian Americans on Twitter being extra: 
Thread. I get it, the #Coronavirus outbreak is scary. We don't know much about it, and we worry about ourselves, our families. But PLEASE, prejudice & discrimination against people of Asian descent is unnecessary. It's hurtful. It's divisive. 1/3
The greatest African-American employment outlook in U.S. history. The greatest Latino jobs numbers in American history. Historic female and Asian employment figures. Or, as Pete Buttigieg--with abysmal minority support--puts it: That's what he said. 
Periods of sharply warmer temperatures starting around 128,000 years ago turned western Asian landscapes grassier and shrank the size of the Caspian Sea, probably enabling several waves of Neandertals to reach southern Siberia.  …
meanwhile my asian friends are battling the racism that  with the outbreak
Go see the fabulous illuminated lanterns around Circular Quay celebrating Lunar New Year. Created /curated by @cityofsydney,  works by local Asian artists. This week only #lunarnewyear #lunarnewyear2020 #yearoftherat2020 #yearoftherat 
Asian shares set for rough ride on virus fears, China in focus  
