old white boomers can’t figure out how to change the front camera on facetime but Asian grandma’s really b levitating on tiktok 
Different "Asian" ethnic makeups have beefed with Arabs. Arabs have beefed with Africans. Arabs have beefed with Asians. See what the Chinese are doing to arab muslims. See what is happening to black Africans in Libya. Hell historically speaking, Arab enslaved blacks before Euros
An Asian co-worker started talking to me because I reminded her of her son. 
1/ Every time someone says, "America is not ready for a (Latino/Asian/female/another Black/gay) president," they're implying that  are NOT America. It’s an insidious, passive-aggressive, self-fulfilling statement that perpetuates white supremacy & patriarchy.
‘We’re giving you chai the same way that people in India take chai’ — These two brothers opened a chai shop in NYC to reclaim the narrative of the South Asian drink 
This lady just asked me: Are you Vietnamese? I said, no. Chinese. She said, oh yea you look Asian. She was Asian though
An argument is made that we FORCED that Japanese to attack because we cut off their oil supplies. In reality, of course, the Japanese had been expanding regionally since 1932. Their plan was to create the Greater East Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere.
. @SamBrowerpi could speak to connections between Warren Jeffs and Donald Trump. For @realTrumpcast: experts on Branch Davidians, European and Asian cults, multilevel marketing schemes with cult elements, or just cults generally?
THE SWORD OF KAIGEN hit #1 on Amazon in Asian Myths & Legends (and #9 in Military Fantasy) today! I did not wake up expecting this. Thank you so much for the review @DanielBGreene!  
All of you brandi fans who are defending her video and speaking on behalf of the  she’s mocking by accepting her fake ass apology. STOP. Many of them have spoken out and called it racism. So if it’s offended them you have no right to try take that away. #RHOD
i wouldnt be surprised if the asian guy with him was the only nonwhite person
Asian-bound coat maker? Nope. He’s keeping production right here in Canada.  … – at St. Lawrence Market (South Building)
I guess Asian people are not included in the expansion of “American Imperialism” 
I’m in my final semester of my Masters at UBC. As part of my final project, I’m going to do interviews with families in the South Asian Diaspora in Surrey, & right now I’m looking for people to interview. Please DM me if you or someone you know would be willing to participate! 
No one can appreciate, respect & love Asian women more than White men. No one can appreciate, respect & love White men more than Asian women. White men & Azn QTs speak the language of each other's souls. We're in this together for better or worse. 
I'm sure you'll be speaking out on those Asian Nike factories real soon....
Tomorrow is the #GoldenGlobes and both Brad Pitt & Quentin Tarantino are nominated for a film that turns Bruce Lee into a racist caricature—exactly the type of caricature he spent his entire career avoiding & trying to undo. Hollywood normalizes anti-Asian racism by rewarding it.  …
I will forever hold a grudge against Gilmore Girls because I used to go to the post office a lot as a teen (I was a zine kid) and the same PO worker lady would say, EVERY single time, “You look EXACTLY like that Asian girl from the Gilmore Girls!!!”
I have no idea- I mean in her recent campaign leaflet, its like she has no connection to the asian or black Communities or people within her constituency. No space for us on the front or back page. 
I get majorly inspired to see an Asian face on screen reaching more mainstream platforms. Films like Crazy Rich Asians, Always be my maybe and Last Christmas...I then sometimes don't realise the impact I have going onstage 8 times a week performing in the West End! 
wish i was born into the crazy rich asian category
Tomorrow Heung Min Son will be on trending as soon as Minamino touches the ball after the scousers start going on about who the best Asian winger in the world is. You hate to see it
What about your employer ( Nike) exploiting Asian people ?
Always worth having a look at the Asian #fintech scene, to get live use cases of Financial Services ecosystems. #insurtech #regtech via @FGraillot #finserv 
new mix for @NUCLEYA and BBC Radio Asian Network going live soon! 
Dear Friends, saying “why do all White/Black/Asian/Latino (etc) people act this way....” is a form of racism. We can’t loop an entire group together just because of the way one (or a group of people) behave. When you know better, do better. 
She also asked me what I used incense for and i'm like dude. Pretty much the same way you use it and also, I bet you would not say this to a half White Mixed Asian person. The amount of times I've been with other half Asian friends who were White and they are always believed--
Am I the only guy who hasn't cried in like 3 years?? Meanwhile asian girls be crying over their latest MCMs learn to protect your hearts you dumbos
Now excuse me while I go force poor asian women to work 80 hours a week for 20 cents an hour making my stupid shoes.
manager. We love him and support all of his work. Our hero in #Asian football game. #ALNASSR fan's will always be behind his back for more successful career. 
U Tariq supporters gotta stop being so stupid. I hate Zerlina Maxwell’s politics, but Tariq found her Asian boyfriend and called him Zaddy. Zerlina had never put him out front or acted like he was  up. But y’all let Tariq make up new rules at the beginning of every game
ok White, Latinx, Indigenous, Asian, Middle Eastern .... basically all the non-Black folks .... please take some time and read MLK's letters. He wasn't all peace and love without work.  …
Hong Kong fashion in the 90s 
If I had £ for every Asian that asked me for colleague discount  …
Asian Doll In My “ Bratz “ One  with a mini skirt  
This is the most random video because it is full of onlyfans gays, models, gay rappers, white, asian poppers, etc.  …
I am an old sage. Don’t let my moon face fool you. Imparting some strong words of advice in my latest interview with @girlsclubasia - a special platform dedicated to empower asian girls all around the world. Whether you’re a cute asian girl or not, Read:  
We’re expanding our Twitter team! If you’ve got tweeting skills + a lot of love for everything South Asian (with a good eye for content worth-sharing), e-mail us at staff@browngirlmagazine.com with “Twitter Team” as the subject line & insights on your social media experience. 
Full list of teams at this years World Football Cup - it was so close for Asian qualification and I’m happy to say @PanjabFA have made it through. Well done to all staff and players!!!  …
THREAD - The feminine voice and the subcontinent folk tradition The female and the feminine have historically been intrinsically embedded into the South Asian folk tradition. The Sanskrit term virhani refers to a feminine soul whose embodiment is of a young bride or bride to be
Lol seeing Asian guys talk about how easy being a home maker is laughable. Speak to the women in your family, or look at your own mother.
asian boys cant make fun of asian girls for liking white boys!!! ur the reason the bar is on the ground, kevin ngyuyen
Maybe there's an extended version of the yummy MV or maybe it was a clip for a future single Surely those are the only plausible explanations for why Bieber would drop a trailer where Asian women played caricatures of black women yet that scene nowhere to be found in the vid
It's like Cinderella ... but also ... SO not like Cinderella. This week, we are sharing some of our favorite Asian horror movies, like A TALE OF TWO SISTERS. Tell us what you thought of this movie (and its American remake THE UNINVITED). 
Today: Rochdale U13.5 FKs @1.72 (8) U4 cards asian @1.825 (1) Newc U2.5 cards @1.61 (0) Wolves O6.5 GKs @1.57 (9 HT) 
As Asian EXO-Ls are asleep now, passing the baton to Western EXO-Ls to stream~ especially on YouTube streaming! We've got even bigger reason to work harder EXO, EXO-L and real hardworking artists deserves better #엑소엘_기계랑_싸워서_이겼지 @weareoneEXO #EXO #엑소
Not just whote people do this, non black POCs have also touched my hair without consent. Last year, I tried to explain this to my Asian friend and she was like but it's not racist if I touch your hair since I'm also a minority. Long story short, we no longer talk to each other.
An 80-year-old man was walking along Phoenix Street and was robbed by two Asian youths, who took his wallet. A passer-by came to the victim’s aid and chased the robbers off before calling the police. The victim suffered facial injuries and is currently in hospital.
'A group of Asian youths' Pensioner, 80, hospitalised in daylight city centre street robbery. Police are linking Saturday's incident to two other robberies targeting OAPs. All aged between 73 & 82, were all deliberately targeted.  …
this was just random promo and stan twitter made whole threads about him using women and even said being asian was an aesthetic, your white feminism and racism always shows you just tweet bs about j to gain likes also all boy is doing in the MV is eating and dacing  …
Mingma David Sherpa~ 1st South Asian & Nepali to summit 14x8000ers has arrived in Pakistan for #WinterK2. The savage mountain is the only challenge left for mountaineers in winters @russianclimb @ExplorersWeb @MoIB_Official @MofaNepal @NepaliTimes @EverestToday @GBpak 
Don’t understand why asian twitter deeps marriage so much like ain’t y’all got other priorities???
2 beautiful gay dads with her beautiful asian baby 
women have Filipino tubes in their uterus?? damn i didn’t know y’all were a lil Asian but I respect
Lebanon qualify for the final of the West Asian Football Federation Women Championship! U-18 Lebanon 4-2 U-18 Palestine. Scorers: Layla "Lili" Iskandar (X3), Farah El Tayar. #YallaLebnen Bahrain Sports 
Serious questions to the Lefties amongst us. Why do you stay silent which practically endorses:- 1) Asian paedophile gangs that have ruined the lives of thousands of white British girls 2) HALAL, no stun slaughter Surely these major issues should be abhorrent to everyone?!!
I gotta admit, it's awesome to see a non asian person convincing an asian person to vote for an asian person for president. #YangGang
#Facts: During the 15th-16th cent. Skopje’s inhabitants are mainly #Vardarians, #Albanians, #Turkomans, #Karamanlis, #Kurds & other #Asian colonists. The tiny % of Christians included Bulgars, Serbs, #Greeks, Vlachs. But NOT A SINGLE MACEDONIAN!!! #Macedonia 
left looks like he respects women, right looks like he’s going to text me in the middle of the night and say “wyd, my exotic asian queen? ”  …
Just saw two south Asian women eating jalebi (probably bought from home) in Starbucks Icons
I took shrooms on my birthday and went to IKEA. I sat in this room that looked like an apartment and I fell into a trip where I LEGIT thought I had my own apartment, until this old asian lady started walking through my living room looking at shit and i remembered i was at IKEA  …
The hardest challenge for me, as an Asian, is to cut off rice from my diet...
I was never interested in politics before I started following @AndrewYang. It’s amazing to see how genuine it can actually be. And, as an Asian American with immigrant parents, it’s inspiring to see someone with my background pushing this far in politics for the first time :)
Western people: "I WILL NOT EAT THE BUGS" Me, a southeast asian: 
Only bowler to take a hat trick in first over of a Test (v Pak Karachi 2006) Player of the Match in inaugural WT20 Final (2007) Only Asian player to win Man of the Match award in a Test at WACA (2008) @IrfanPathan 
Seventeen schedule January - North America Tour February - continue Asian Tour March - Europe Tour (possible OTY encore concert) April - (possible OTY encore concert/Carat Land) May - Dome Tour June -  might be in April or June? @pledis_17 #SEVENTEEN
Andrew Yang has  the top recipient of Asian American donations among the Democratic presidential candidates.  - @NBCAsianAmerica
Captions? Asian Glossy Starling. 
. @ATEEZofficial's awards (so far) MTV EMA Awards - Best Korean Act Soribada Best K-Music Awards - Best Performance Award Worldwide Fans Choice at 2019 MAMA (Mnet Asian Music Awards) Next Generation Award at 34th Golden Disc Awards Congratulations 
The MSM supports #LeavingNeverland directed by white male director @danreed1000 but ignores #SquareOne directed by Asian director @dannywuyue. And the latter is better researched. Anyone who thinks the  can't be racially biased is not living in reality.
i love asian boys
a kid with his strict asian mom 
asian parents in front of the door if you came home this late. 
Best figures in Youth ODIs - 9/16 v Ban Lahore 2003 Only bowler to take a hat trick in first over of a Test (v Pak Karachi 2006) Player of the Match in inaugural WT20 Final (2007) Only Asian player to win Man of the Match award in a Test at WACA (2008)  …
Hello Twitter friends, Bright Eyed and Bushy Tailed, this Asian Squirrel from last year, photographed in Thailand. 
BTS did not attend the Golden Disc Awards (GDA) today but Boy With Luv won Digital Song Daesang. This is BWL's 3rd Daesang after Mnet Asian Music Awards (MAMA) & Melon Music Awards (MMA). @BTS_twt will perform at GDA Physical Albums Division tomorrow. 
Recently, I was asked to talk about why Western chefs cooking Asian food was disrespectful ‘cultural appropriation’. Offer quickly withdrawn when I said ‘It really isn’t’
4th annual meeting of SAATH ( South Asians Against Terrorism & for Human Rights) will start today at Washington DC. It expected to focus on Democracy, Human Rights, & Justice in South Asian region. #SATH2020 @husainhaqqani @mazdaki @a_siab @GulBukhari @marvisirmed
Did you know Kashmir´s traditional wooden architecture was originally developed by a Central Asian architecture named Sadr al-Din Khurassani? 
They literally did what every asian does. Keep getting pregnant until you have a boy  …
*Bakalaka/Kalangas My observations: Most of them have parents who struggled to access the country's resources and assimilate into a system made for the Tswana diaspora. They are pushed to excel in all ways they could much like Asian kids. They are smart, they worked for it  …
#Facts Clarksburg High School is located in Clarksburg MD. Current enrollment data shows that Clarksburg High School has approximately 2488 students with 29.6% African American, 22.1% Asian, 26.5% Hispanic, 17% White, and ≤ 5.0% Two or More Races.  – at Clarksburg High School
'SSAFA's adoption service for military personnel has been judged “outstanding” by Ofsted which praised the organisation’s work to attract same-sex and black, Asian and ethnic minority (BAME) adopters' via @cypnow  …
It has reach a point where I would like to clarify a few things: I am a liberal, in ALL sense. I am Asian American, and I’m also a law student. My tweets are based on what I am. I despise injustice, inflexibility & assumptions. I don’t like it when the “law” is used as threats.
hi a’tins! the nomination for the 100 asian heartthrobs 2020 just opened today. to nominate all SB19 members, you  as often as you want. instagram link:  … sugod na! #SB19onSparklingMag #PUSHAwardsATIN @SB19Official 
Good evening, MOTS is the 1st Asian album to rank in UK's year-end albums chart & an article said "BTS’s album made to No. 1 in territories where Korean-language don't perform very well. The septet proved they're true global stars with their power 
stan accounts really be embedding videos of east asian food and ask "will y'all eat this to meet your fave ???" indirectly allowing others to make borderline  about EAs
not an asian
. @TXT_members received 8th 'Rookie of the Year' award at #2019GDA ! Brand of the Year Awards M2 x Genie Music Awards Soribada Awards V Live Awards Global Rookie Top 5 Asia Artist Awards Melon Music Awards Mnet Asian Music Awards Golden Disc Awards 
VIDEO: Like every year, the caretakers of one of Berlin's zoos give unsold Christmas trees to Asian elephants, dromedaries and porcupines: a feast for some and an unexpected distraction for the others 
tbt when i was watching justin bieber on the ellen snow and this asian chick hit the dougie so smooth and hella people started retweeting. my 13 year old self thought i was famous lol. meanwhile the asian girl is  …
Rich Brian, NIKI, BIGBANG among Asian acts to perform in 2020 Coachella 
Latvian Albums Year-End Chart 2019 #50 MOTS: Persona Another first for an Asian Album! Congratulations to @BTS_twt and Latvian Armys!
Bobby hill gets asian gfs that win him prizes and play ddr with him and is fat and short 
BWL is the first Korean (and maybe Asian) song to spend 200 days in the Spotify Global Top 200 chart! @BTS_twt
[Confirmed] SF9 Good Guy as Asian Games Teaser... Im....sorry..... boi:( 
Malapit na ang Asian OQT! Who are you rooting for? Team Thailand or Team South Korea ? Comment down below mga marse! I’m all for South Korea and KYK!!!
mommy kwon holding onto her purse like a true asian mom  …
black and asian women so fine I love y’all
Finally nailed a calamansi curd tart in a pate sablee crust! So stoked about the mirror effect I got with the curd! It’s an 11-in tart, infused mint into the curd, and added cardamom to the crust. This is definitely going in my regular dessert rotation. Yay Asian Dessert Fest! 
'Asian girls are so cute~ and petite~ and submissive~ Ahaha I LOVE Asian culture~ Ahahaha I want to marry an Asian girl and live with her in an Asian country~ I'm sOrRy iF I oFFeNDeD YoU.' it ain't about 'preference'. It's about a preconceived notion of what an 'Asian' woman is.  …
Was it sold out already??? Yay! See that Yoochun, you are still very much loved! So please add another day and other Asian countries because a lot of fans still wants to see you.  …
 sense - the lady insults the following :- IPS(Retd), Author, Lt Governor Puducherry. IITDelhi Alumni, Nehru Fellow, Magsaysay Awardee, Asian Tennis Champion, Founder-NGOs  …
Solidarity? Angry parents, primarily from the more white/Asian northern section of the district, slammed any possibility of transporting middle school students to new schools in different parts of the district, and branded the planning process as rigged.  …
"Hopefully the next generation and beyond will never question whether Asians are deserving of major screen time." 'Joy Luck Club' producer Janet Yang reflects on how far Hollywood  in telling Asian American stories 
US-China trade war has ironically forced China to change for the better. If this is Asian century, the new decade is China’s decade.  …
Asian Comedian Destroys America by @ronnychieng is hilarious and I should know because I just watched it
Us asian girls stay winning 
Found an Asian family w kids I was like imma blend right in . they all thought I was badass for making it that far, they put me in the middle of the group, we all walked in at the same time, thanked and hugged them and ran as fast as I could to disappear in the crowd lol
#MapOfTheSoulPersona by @BTS_twt  in at #66 on the UK’s year-end albums chart for 2019, marking the first time an Asian album has appeared on the chart in history. Congratulations #BTS & nice work UK #BTSARMY!  
MABUHAY! Come and join us as we light the MOA Globemaze LED to  Pluem in Manila and congratulate him for his Best Supporting Actor nomination in the 24th Asian TV Awards. The placement will run on January 11 and 12 from 6pm until 12mn. #PlueminManila 
asian mom when their child doesn't give a shit.  …
The nomination for the 100 Asian Heartthrobs of 2020 by @starmometer is now open. Kim Taehyung won this poll for 2 consecutive years and if we win this poll again, Taehyungie will be part of their Hall of Famer. So you know what to do, let's all nominate Kim Taehyung. 
It’s super alienating being half White and half Asian. Usually the white ppl think the strictness is crazy, and Korean ppl think I don’t belong. And there’s no like solidarity between different asians. Like Asian ppl, first gen, usually hate different kinds of Asian ppl.
I think India's neutrality will get tested, thanks to LEMOA. Although, LEMOA stipulates that Logistics support for 'cooperative efforts' other than exercises, HADR etc. shall be provided on a case-by-case basis, India may have to fend off US pressure during a West Asian conflict.
China's statement would hold more weight if it had restraints on invading Southeast Asian territorial waters  …
“The AFC can confirm that DPR Korea Football Association sent an official letter to withdraw from the Women's Olympic Football Tournament 2020 Asian Qualifiers Final Round.”  …
some of the tweets/memes are funny what’s not funny is demonstrating how you would kill innocent people, and rape women what’s not funny is using non-Iranian Middle East/North African/South Asian folks as memes about Iran cus u think we’re all the same thought we was grown
“Map Of The Soul: Persona” by BTS ranks at #66 on UK’s year-end albums chart of 2019, marking the first time an Asian album appears on the chart in history. 
me too omg esp in this asian household no matter what our age is, we'll always be babies to our parents. but then i'm sure Mama Lim is already used to her son's impulsiveness  …
“However, given Asian Americans’ relative position in the health­care social hierarchy, there are strategies that they can use to work in solidarity with Black Americans to fight against institutionalised racism and white supremacy.” Necessary reading by sis @dr_uche_bee  …
14 DAYS BEFORE ASIAN HIPHOP 2020 
A viral video clip takes former Vice President Joe Biden’s recent remarks about sexual and domestic violence out of context, leaving a false impression that he made a  about the role of African and Asian nations in U.S. culture. 
This feels a lot like racism to me. You covered lower polling, lower donations candidates in “Anything Can Happen” article,  erasing the Asian American. Then you blamed Yang for the erasure when called out by the very passionate 400,000 grassroots donors.
Alice Wu directed SAVING FACE which may be the only romcom about Asian American lesbians I have ever seen or has ever been made?! ALICE WU IS BACK  …
African American, Hispanic American, & Asian American unemployment rates at historic lows Over half a million African American & Hispanic American children lifted out of poverty Wages rising twice as fast for low  workers @realDonaldTrump is delivering 
Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs, US Department of State: To strengthen military to military cooperation on shared priorities and advance US national security, US President Donald Trump authorized resumption of International Military Education and Training for Pakistan. 
A little cover for your Friday afternoon!! I haven’t made one of these in a while so pls be nice [ La la lost you by Niki ] Congrats to @nikizefanya for being on the @coachella lineup and all the Asian representation on there! 
Tom should resign after this election regardless of how the election turns out. He weighted the primary for Bernie Sanders & other White Populists. African American & Asian American demographics are smaller; candidates often get more donors from their own Demo. It's Rigged
all asian girls under 5'5" know is uniqlo heattech striped turtleneck under size medium band t shirt paired with mom jeans or black leggings
To close out the year, I took an emo selfie and wrote a blog post for the Diverse BookFinder about some of my favorite Asian PB rep and the need for more whimsy and adventure with BIPOC characters. Check it out! And if you haven't heard of DFB... 1/6  …
@asian boys pls leave cross earrings in 2019
So when these "Asian" Muslims start sex grooming teenagers. The RCMP will do what the British do. Put their head in the sand to not offend anyone. And let the crime continue.  …
Your favourite Asian brat 
So what makes Yang not have a "credible" path relative to other lower polling candidates to whom you give attention, the fact that he is Asian American? It certainly isn't a lack of policies, polling, intellect, supporter enthusiasm, or finances. #RacistLeft
Asian twitter dudes with 50 different ABG selfies retweeted on their profile be like HOES SECURED: 0 BODY COUNT: 0 NUDES RECEIVED: 0 REPLIED DMS: 0 FOLLOW BACKS: 0 Keep trying Kevin Nguyen!
you're right. what makes them legendary is that they're an Asian group that's breaking language and culture barriers, selling out millions of albums and stadiums all around the world, even in the xenophobic west and they've achieved that without gp or the industry on their side.  …
‘We’re giving you chai the same way that people in India take chai’ — These two brothers opened a chai shop in NYC to reclaim the narrative of the South Asian drink 
Asian almond shrimp w/ Thai basil. 
 on asian servers 
A recent dis-information piece alleged that Adrian Zenz' initial research about concentration camps in Xinjiang was based on a single source and employed poor methodology. Central Asian Survey has made Zenz' article available without paywall again til March--have a look! 1/3
My sister from another mister, ⁦ @choo_ek⁩, invited me to write this piece about Asian-Black triangulation in healthcare with her for ⁦ @TheLancet⁩ out today! Race as a dynamic state: triangulation in health care - The  …
Please join us next week to PROTEST the Asian Development Bank @ADB_HQ’s $150 million loan for China’s “Developmental Projects” in #EastTurkistan (so-called “ #Xinjiang”), where 3million+ #Uyghurs & others are being held in #ConcentrationCamps. #China is NOT a “developing 
The actress Anna May Wong was born 115 years ago today in Los Angeles. The first major Chinese-American actress in Hollywood, Wong had a distinguished career although typecasting and prejudice kept her from major roles. She's also first Asian lead of a TV show (1951 for DuMont). 
Here are statements from the Mayor of NYC and NYPD (the agency that literally mapped entire Muslim, Arab and South  
If you’re a South Asian author with a  out this year, I’d love to help you spread the word. I cannot control international events or our environmental awfulness BUT I can (possibly) teach your lovely book, or review it or interview you.
"But he's a murderer!!! Reylo is wrong!" No wonder Asian fandoms think American fandoms are dumb af lol.
For the imperialist, human values count for nothing & are always subordinated to his quest for profit. - Kwame Nkrumah, speaking at the 4th Afro-Asian Solidarity Conference, Winneba. May 10th, 1965
“I used to hustle right by that Asian store/I didn’t plan it/but I seen murders dat got my vision slanted” Smh.. I’m one of a fuckin kind!!
asian men are so fine
You sleep, cause the Black Queens & Asian Empresses are top tier  …
On the Asian continent you'll find Turkey, Malaysia, Saudi Arabia, Afghanistan and India are all independent of each other. Along with 45 others. Europe was much the same before the EU and some European nations still are. Weird eh?  …
Like checking in with West Asian ppl you know is great, but even better is talking to anyone you know currently putting their body on the line to threaten West Asian ppl's relatives with senseless death
It's mother effing 2020--where my GD asian american crime writers at?! #MSWL @CrimeWoC @SINCnational @aaww I need you. Come find me.
UK's Year-End Albums Chart 2019 #66 MOTS: Persona As far as I know, i think this is is the first time I see an Asian Album charting in the UK's Year-End Chart. Congratulations to @BTS_twt and UK Armys!
His probably trying to figure out if you are Asian or African or White or all of them  …
Asian Scallops with Spinach are pan seared for a quick healthy meal! It's the new year so try a new recipe! #easyrecipe #quickcooking  
Check out #sale #Old #Asian Quality #Porcelain #Blue & #White #Cup & #Saucer #marked Import #Asian  via @eBay
“Our culture is not imported from some African or Asian nation its our English jurisprudential culture” ~ Joe Biden 
asian moms be so annoying lmao every good trait you have is supposed to help you find a man and if you don’t do it “how is a man ever supposed to love you” girl boo!!! idgaf
Serena Williams ~ #24 and #25 ~ at the Olympics ~ staying healthy ~ a return to Nr. 1 ~ playing the Asian Swing again 
For @enRoutemag's January "goals" issue, I interviewed @SimuLiu (aka #Marvel's first Asian superhero) on @KimsConvenience, training for #ShangChi, exploring Australia with his parents and the advice he got from a Toronto  …
I don't get the audacity of ppl demanding not to imitate Korean Fashion in producing Filipino boy/girlgroups yet follow Western Fashion. Wait, are we supposed to hate Asian Fashion and do what Westerns do just because they are Western ppl? You are a piece of crap shut up.
so this era Golden Child really got known more so many first times this Wannabe era I swear like them trending Worldwide, in Korea, most Asian Countries and knowing they got their first win too it's indeed a successful reboot :((((((((( lets grow more Golcha!!!
Research by @alka_kanaya and colleagues in @JAMA_current  of #diabetes in US adults by racial and ethnic groups. Hispanic, black and Asian populations were all proportionately higher than whites. 
HALLO, here's the first round for this database (22 books by South Asian authors!!!!):  … (if you're a SA author, you can still fill out the form linked in the tweet below, I'll update the above doc  …
the rising sun flag is symbol of the emancipation of slaves for Asian People 
Me explaining to my parents that not every asian guy or girl you see is chinese and there are many ethnicities 
As #TheFarewell racks up awards buzz, 'Joy Luck Club' producer Janet Yang reflects on how far Hollywood  in telling Asian American stories 
Andrew Yang now leading in Asian American donations among Democratic candidates  … via @nbcnews @andrewyang #yanggang
Asian elephants masturbate by striking their erect penis against their bellies Now y'all are gonna try that too, I guess
Hong Kong tensions can lead to business shifting to Singapore: Former Asian Development Bank ambassador  @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
when you accidentally shoot the asian lad thinking he’s fighting for Iran 
Xi Jinping is a lucky emperor. Hong Kong rebellion,Xinjiang document leaks, trade wars, bad economy, Pneumonic Plague, Bubonic Plague, Asian Swine Flu, inter alia. Mainland Chinese love good luck & they are so lucky. Xi Jinping is their ruler for life.  …
I'm taking a block of ice to any asian wedding I go to from now on, these man dont chill out with the oil  …
Asian stays: Drop the asian tour dates! Stray Kids: 
I want you all to know Asian countries have actually had no problem with design with #JapaneseRisingSun patterns. Even S.Korea had had no problem with #JapaneseRisingSun flag until around 2012. Some Koreans have proven that is a newly made-up propaganda  
GDP growth rate forecast for 2020 by Asian Development Bank is as follows: BD 8% India. 7.2% Afghanistan. 3.5% Pakistan. 2.8%
#OnThisDayInWWE 20 years ago, DX did a spoof of Mick Foley's Have A Nice Day. This has not aged well, particularly Triple H's Asian accent... 
Entrepreneur and presidential candidate Andrew Yang received about $1.42 million from the Asian  in the third quarter, according to filings with Federal Election Commission.  …
During the Asian session the ES made new contract highs. When the Iran news came out it send the market down 55 pts. The damage won't be known until the US opening. There will be a huge Gap above to fill. 3213 & 3234 are main levels to watch.3235 is my pivot #ES_F 
Please follow and submit to the beautiful Goddess @lilsuccjay She's young and new but very experienced. She can be cruel but kind when it's needed. An Asian findom that likes humiliation, sissification, SPH and CEI You pindicks need to submit to her now 
ผู้เข้าชิงรางวัล " ASIAN TELEVISION AWARDS " BEST ACTOR IN A SUPPORTING ROLE 11 JANUARY 2020 IN PHILIPPINES #กันอรรถพันธ์ 
English is boring bc there's no formal and more polite/humble pronouns for I/You unlike a lot of Asian languages Korean and Japanese be having archaic, humble, derogatory, formal versions of "I" and "You" and the only other thing English has is just "thy"
I haven't watched reality tv in a while and I caved and watched @CircleNetflix. Thisis amazing! What a diverse cast (please bring in an Asian soon), what a concept, and I need to know that others are watching too!!! #TheCircleNetflix
I am so grateful and humbled to have been sworn in as the new Monroe County Legislator of the 28th Legislative District. Blessed to be the first Asian American to serve Monroe County Office at the age of 26. I am nothing without my team and without the people . Thank you . 
Can Liam pack his bag and move to any Asian country please? Europe doesn't deserve him,he should abandon it
They killed our contractor. They attacked our embassy. You are Asian. You KNOW that is not how business is handled. You don’t embrace your attacker. You put them down and you put them to heel. You don’t negotiate.  …
i will never  with western desensitisation toward dead middle eastern & south asian children. there are people making jokes about another war, or just shrugging at the possibility of it. it is frightening, but very reflective of the deep cognitive dissonance here.
Coloured people really have the audacity to be angry when we appreciate anything Asian bc we don't understand what they're saying. Whereas they love and listen to local music that they don't understand either. Keep the same energy for music of all languages
With the death of Iranian Maj Gen #QassemSoleimani in US #airstrike on Friday, there are fears that a #war in the #Persian #Gulf will affect South Asian countries like #Nepal whose economies are heavily dependent on #migrant workers. #Iran  …
i never read that spider-man book written by jj abram's college-aged son but finding out it pulls a bait and switch and it's actually about peter's son who has an asian gf with dyed hair and who hates his dad because he's never around was the funniest thing ever
i have many South Asian friends who i have flown with, even my manager who is South Asian- i fucking H@TE the way they pick them out of the crowd for security search ... cos it’s just so BAIT, like they’re not even slick about it
Black, Asian and minority ethnic when its time to go war  …
#JulieAnneSanJose and #MartinDelRosario Lead the PH Nominees at the 24th Asian Television Awards -  … @MyJaps @mart_drosario 
I've seen  that the casting of an Asian actor for the role of the master is "PC" or "Pandering". For goodness sake. No it isn't. It's called casting a person who's a good actor and who's fit for the role. Everybody doesn't have to be a white straight male.
 to 2020 - where volatility is urfriend. Whenever u feel too sure, consider: Geopolitical risks HIGH (whether the Middle East, Asia or elsewhere) Global growth weak (China & Asian slowdown continue & debt dynamics ) Developed CBs out of ammo Fiscal space limited
Son after winning the asian games final to avoid the militairy just to return to the battelfield one year later 
i had wonho as my lockscreen and my teacher saw it and asked if he was my brother. first of all??????? i’m white he’s asian ????? second of all?????? what???
Foreign doesn’t make something automatically better, but Asian stuff like anime or K-pop appeals to certain people who think that. The majority of popular media regardless of country though is typically going to be disposable junk. You have to look for the good stuff.
U.S. equity futures fell and Asian stocks reversed earlier gains as the news broke 
20200101 Vietnam news.  … Lee Min Ho caused Asian storms again ? The King got great lead in the poll at the end of this news. #LeeMinHo 
‘We’re giving you chai the same way that people in India take chai’ — These two brothers opened a chai shop in NYC to reclaim the narrative of the South Asian drink 
Castro, Beto, Harris, Deblasio, Gillibrand have all dropped out out. Meanwhile there's this Asian guy who just raised $16.5M in the fourth quarter...
I love asian women  …
Also, any minorities in your philosophy department at @yale, one of the most racist universities in history? Your philosophy department only allows whites, like other elite universities. You're part of a racist imperial system that's anti-Asian, anti-African, anti-humanity.
me explaining to my family and friends that just because i happen to enjoy EXO music doesn’t mean that i’m attracted to every single asian person that walks by  …
So, the next West Asian 'hot' war has begun.
You obviously are a hardcore anti-Asian racist towards Indian people. You're unable to make basic distinctions, indicating you're a poor, weak thinker, or maybe who's just too arrogant and imperialistic to think straight. Shocking @yale would have someone so dumb in its faculty.
My European and Asian mutuals and i knowing we safe from y’all World War 3 shenanigans 
Thai retailers kick off 2020 with a ban on single-use plastic bags, joining the battle against throwaway carriers in the Southeast Asian nation where citizens go through an average of eight every day. Full story:  
A fun night ahead with some good friends, good food, good wine, some latex & BDSM play hehe #QKR @tonybobo3 @rt_feet @rtfindom @DirkHooper @DommeDaily @dickievirgin @FemdomDaily @Femdom__World @FemdomDaily @FemDomFanatic @Oostwalum @DommesNation @Slave_for_asian 
Growing up asian gave me trust issues... 
Asian shares stumble, oil surges after U.S. air strikes in Iraq  
GDP growth rate forecast for 2020 by Asian Development Bank is as follows: BD. 8% India. 7.2% Afghanistan. 3.5% Pakistan. 2.8%
I think the movie's been out long enough that I get to be publicly mad about this and also that they  cut the asian lead and gave the latino lead a shady past as a drug runner moving product produced by slaves and just like...didn't examine or explain that at all  …
I am honored to thank President of Global Resilience Council (GRC) and Tourism Minister of Jamaica Mr. Bartlett for announcing that South Asian Center of GRC will be established in Nepal in the first quarter of this year. 
Andrew Yang has  the top recipient of Asian American donations among the Democratic presidential candidates.  - @NBCAsianAmerica
As happened in Jan 2004 when Aussies were glued to the tragedy in the Asian tsunami - this summer we are transfixed by our own national disaster. It is gutting. Such courage by so many volunteers. This is existential and needs strong leadership around our risks.
Oil prices jump in Asian trading market following Soleimani's death Read @ANI Story |  
*GDP growth rate forecast for the year-2020; determined by Asian Development Bank.* *It is distressing and amazing that Bangladesh would grow at 8% whereas Pakistan at 2.8%, even less than Afghanistan which is assessed as 3.5%.*(copied) 
Imperial House Asian cries out for attention... 
Asian Americans all have a keen spidey sense for racism but very few of them are actually willing to speak out about it.  …
THREAD of White culture vultures using the same unoriginal anti-Asian stereotypes to distract from how much they’re “borrowing” from black culture:  …
Hello let's take a second to appreciate some of Coachella's Asian representation - a thing that is sorely lacking on many lineups! Joji Yaeji The HU Jai Wolf Big Bang Epik High Rich Brian Peggy Gou beabadoobee TOKiMONSTA Double Happiness Kyary Pamyu Pamyu  …
Send me music you’re listening to. Asian artists would be nice as well :)
Continuing demand from media houses on CDS. I write here for the Asian Age  …
THIS COACHELLA IS THE YEAR OF ASIAN REPRESENTATION WOOOOOO
WOW EXCITED TO JOIN THE HANDFUL OF SOUTH ASIAN WOMEN WHO HAVE PLAYED THIS :)))
Futures for Brent crude, a global benchmark, jumped 3.3% to $68.44 per barrel during Asian trading hours on Friday, putting it on pace for its largest daily gain in nearly a month 
Soooooo america's going to war, europe's political climate is making no sense, australia's on fire and china's trying to f*ck up some asian countries including my own. Yup the world's ending folks.
asian problems 
Asian markets already showed an immediate 4% rise in #oil prices. Expect much higher prices if an immediate Iranian reaction takes place in  days. (7)
-Oil and gold rise after a U.S. airstrike in Baghdad killed a top  -Asian stocks including Hong Kong, China, South Korea -Euro maintained its decline as region’s manufacturing downturn deepened in December  
some of my faves: a podcast about race & racial identity in Chicago's improv scene, a zine about White feminism in riot grrrrl, a zine about the experiences of Filipinx migrant workers, a training for Asian-American nonprofits about how to engage stakeholders around the Census
Fuck it. Cliché white & asian twitter couple. 
 … @AndrewYang rec'd about $1.42 mill from Asian  in the 3rd quarter, according to filings with FEC analyzed by AAPI Data, a policy and demographic research organization --a jump from the 1st quarter, when Yang placed fifth, drawing $119,440
Japanese Lady head Figurine Hard to Find, Japanese Figurine, Asian Figurine, Asian Home Decor, Movie Prop, Vintage Figurine :)shc*  via @Etsy
Annual monitoring of biodiversity in #Chilika lagoon starts. Out of the 9 flyways worldwide for the migratory birds, Chilika falls in Central Asian Flyaway & East Asian Australian flyways. The population estimates for birds & Irrawaddy Dolphins will be known by evening. 
the body // the face but if i get any asian twitter bashing me i’m gunna cry 
I loved @ronnychieng’s special on Netflix “Asian Comedian Destroys America.” Sooo good.
Counting three West Asian countries about to light shit up for the US now  …
A terrific #YangGang2020 crowd in Plymouth NH! I have to say I wasn’t expecting it- but it was really emotionally powerful for me to see an Asian on that stage. Incredible to see someone who looks like me running for president. Thanks for inspiring a generation 
I’m late but I blame asian timing 
And if i happen to find an asian man attractive, that doesn't mean i found him attractive cause he's asian or cause i like korean music
Justin Bieber casting two cute Asian women in his music video. That's it. No more, no less. There is no tea. The kettle is empty. Next.  …
Andrew Yang has  the top recipient of Asian American donations among the Democratic presidential candidates. - @NBCAsianAmerica 
Someone should do a case study of how Asian violence is used by white artists for “entertainment”. This is just like that Post Malone music video where he slaughters a bunch of Asian men, ...I guess racist white men who steal black culture all have the same playbook  …
Nobody: Asian girls doing up choreography at their cousins mehndi: 
Thai retailers kicked off 2020 with a ban on single-use plastic bags, joining the battle against throwaway carriers in the Southeast Asian nation where citizens go through an average of 8 every day.  …
Hi everyone :) Two years ago this month I started digicam(dot)love, an  dedicated to modern day photographs taken on sometimes obsolete, often forgotten digital point and shoot cameras. Our Instagram page is run by a small team of Asian  artists :) 
To my asian friends... just stop saying the N word it’s really not hard at all lol. Once you try to not do it like three times it’s piece of cake after that. I promise.
I've been in car 2x today, and both times, NPR clutching pearls over what Julian Castro's failed microcandidacy means for "diversity" in Demo field. Candidates remaining: out gay man, Jewish socialist, 3 women. Plus, 2 ppl of Asian heritage, one of which is Hindu. What's more 1/
In light of Megan Amram's (writer & co-executive producer of The Good Place) tweet surfacing that calls Asian Americans r*tarded, I can say I honestly felt that from the show from the jump. I love Manny Jacinto, but absolutely despise how Filipinos are portrayed in the show. 1/  …
I’m looking for experienced actors and actresses of Japanese and Asian descent for a short romantic drama film I am directing in Tokyo in February. Please email jennravenna@gmail.com if interested with a photo and short description. RTs appreciated, I need to expand my network. 
asian queens 
wait HOW MUCH did George Lucas absolutely rip off of asian religion and mythology because this feels too easy to think about  …
BIG STRONG MAN HELPS TINY ASIAN HIGH SCHOOL GIRL PUT TIRES IN HER TRUNK!!! CLICK LINK FOR FULL VIDEO!!!  
my quarter asian queens 
Asian Street Eats is now open in the Downtown Disney District at the @Disneyland Resort!  
now lets talk about the real asian queen  …
Somewhere on gammon England flag twitter, furious tweets are in progress about Dracula - a show about a VAMPIRE - having Black and Asian people and queer people which as we know weren’t invented until 1948 and 1968 respectively
asian girls staying winning, y’all are so pretty
I have frequently been an Election Observer in fragile democracies - if this happened in an African, Asian, Middle Eastern or South American country we’d be writing a report about it and having a press conference  …
Biden visibly panics when an audience member asks him to explain his tone-deaf  on African and Asian culture. Literally shaking, Joe attempts to hide behind the Washington Post article — But then just accuses the questioner and I of being white supremacists. 
this is a DISGUSTING appropriation of asian culture. two asian women dressed like anime characters arguing over a racist white man.. pick your poison. if a female artist did this, they would get cancelled almost immediately but you guys still support this plain a$$man gross  …
the more K-Pop acts, especially BTS, breakthrough here in the US, the more we'll have to deal with the open racism many Americans have towards asians (primarily Asian men).
me explaining to my family and friends that just because i happen to enjoy kpop music doesn’t mean that i’m attracted to every single asian person that walks by  …
Sadly, these Asian and Asian-American journalists seem all too willing to be used to promote stereotypes in this way, demonstrating (particularly in cases like the Jezebel article) internalized racism. We desperately need Asian and Asian-American journalists who buck this trend.
There is an apparent belief in Western media that any Asian writer has authority to speak on any Asian culture, regardless of actual familiarity or understanding. This is, in itself, an example of racist thinking in action, as if Asia is a single country with a single culture.
It would be really wonderful if journalists who are, themselves, Asian or Asian-American would stop facilitating the spread of white Western stereotypes about Korean music and artists. We've now seen 2 articles in 2 days (Jezebel yesterday, CNN today) with exactly that happening.
essentially what this tweet is saying that justin bieber cannot have asian women in his music videos because they bring nothing of actual value, only an aesthetic? i think this shows who the problem is here and it is not justin.  …
Yesss if you aren't Asian stop making jokes about 2020 being year of the rat. In the Chinese zodiac, rats represent resourcefulness, wit, and independence. Really it's not funny for white people to joke about what rats represent for them in the lunar new year. It's not for you.  …
Trump Taj Mahal 1990 Built On Loans US Dept of Treasury's Financial Crimes Gave A $10 Million Fine For Significant(Willful/Repeated)Money Laundering Violations Was Linked To Russian & Asian Org Crime Bankrupted Twice Cost $1.2Billion Sold $50Million 
Joe Biden is a Racist. "Our culture is not imported from some African nation, some Asian nation..." 
2010 vs. 2020 Once I was a 120 lb kid whose only positive example of asian masculinity was bishonen from the animes and who hated everything about his body. Now I’m a 190 lb gay furry exhibitionist! Thanks bara manga! 
Remember when JK Rowling named the one Asian character in all of Harry Potter Cho Chang
pls this is so embarassing YOU are the only one objectifying them and making this about race by thinking about asian people as an aesthetic and not as normal human beings, they're just two girls acting in a MV, i know y'all need a reason to hate him but at least put some effort  …
“The notion of the submissive Chinese woman is a racist stereotype which fuels higher rates of violence against Asian women. It is hard not to be upset about something that has done me and my loved ones real harm.” @courtneymilan via @NBCNews  …
It was for a video, not a random tape. Justin Bieber chose two Asian women instead of two white girls dressed Asian women. There's no problem. It's called diversity. Your card is revoked. You out love  …
taylor and selena stans basically sex*ualizing asian women and calling them an “aesthetic” just because of a 15 second video... can white girls stop talking forever #YummyOutTONIGHT
being the oldest daughter in an asian household is so much stress
God adding iron deficiency to every asian girl  …
When you finally find that video under Asian category.  …
The educated moderates are out buying Asian paints to cover up the blood  …
Asian women playing sexualized caricatures of black women to sell this pasty white mans music ? ok.  …
Im literally Asian and this is not offensive wtf. They literally had a choice to be in the mv ???  …
aestheic?? you think asian people are an AESTHETIC? god forbid some asian representation without the entire world thinking they're being used for something without any actual value tf?  …
Nah seriously when have yall ever seen a white man tearing down white women.. asian men tearing down asian women.. so on and so forth. YOU HAVENT black men are so fucking embarrassing
Im Asian and i find nothing wrong with this?
Uh I would really invite you to read the blogs Of Asian MRA’s and their views on Asian women. Colonization has done a job on a lot of non-white ppl Anti-Blackness is a distinction yes Intraracial resentment? No.  …
[THREAD] 1/ Black applicants enjoy *huge* preferences in admission at Wisconsin -- a 170-point SAT advantage over Asian students, for example. So yes, there's racism at Wisconsin. But it's against Asians and whites, not blacks.  …
justin bieber is annoying but you seeing asian women and assuming the only reason someone would want them in a video is bc of their bodies says a lot more about you than him.  …
okay, but you’re the only one thinking that just because two Asian women are in a video is because of an “aesthetic”...means you don’t even see them as normal people that are just in a fucking music video....I GOT YOU I GOT YOU ON CAMERA  …
Read  on this reddit post. The user ("OrderOfMagnitude") who objects to the celebration of Shang-Chi's 98% Asian cast is the reason why we started @aznsrepresent. We exist to educate and empower people to stand up to  …
#Pakistan is eyeing #Vietnam market to export electric fans as East Asian country’s demand for fans has increased amid rising tourism 
"I was the last kid in high school anyone thought would run for president. And it's not just the Asian thing." - @AndrewYang
why you got asian woman playing black caricatures  …
@BrownGirlMag South Asian Representation Worth Celebrating on TV in 2019  …
Justin Bieber using two Asian woman for aesthetic showing their bodies and fighting for him.... he didn't change at all and the worst part is that everyone will be supporting.....  …
200102 | @KoreanUpdates Twitter update ขอแสดงความยินดีกับ #หวังอี้ป๋อ ได้รับรางวัล “Asian Artist of the year” จาก Korean Updates Awards 2019  #WangYibo 
Congratulation The Untamed for winning "Asian Drama of the Year" and Wang Yibo for winning "Asian Artist of the Year' in Korean Updates Award 2019 
The fact that Cooper said something worse off-air means the anti-Asian racism came through even more than it did here. Who knew the son of a Vanderbilt who got his spot because of nepotism wouldn't have done his homework to recognize one of the biggest artists in the world?  …
The 2nd strike is that she said “what do you think of the oriental guy?” when we were talking about presidential candidates. I said “... don’t say that. If you don’t know where he is say Asian.” & it was awkward. You ain’t  up in my house with shoes on AND be racist!
Wow, another wining Congratulations, #CanYaman and Özge Gürel! 'Taste of Love'! is our 3rd GMA The Heart of Asia Awards 2019's Daytime Asian Drama of the Year! 
The edited video removes the first sentence and the very last clause, so all you hear is this: Our culture, our culture. It’s not imported from some African nation or some Asian nation. It’s our English jurisprudential culture, our European culture.  …
The Untamed won "Asian Drama of the Year" and Wang Yibo won "Asian Artist of the Year" for the "Korean Updates 2019" #WangYibo #XiaoZhan 
it's 2020 which means that all white women have been able to vote for 100 years. BUT- all native women couldn't vote until 1924, all asian women until 1952, and all black women until 1964. (so celebrating all women's suffrage this year would technically be whitewashing )
Does 25+ south asian twitter exist? Can I get like & rt from all the OAPs reveal yourselves
Video of Joe Biden Saying ‘Our European Culture’ Is ‘Not Imported from Some African Nation or Some Asian Nation’ Causes Controversy  
Nikkei Asian Review magazine of this week prints my piece on Modi-Shah’s anti-Muslim #CAA!  …
When reviewing PhD applications, I  reading them in last name / random order rather than A-Z. Many Asian surnames at the end of the alphabet; will introduce bias if you do X Y Z last.
throughout the years BTS went from the first non-Big3 group, to first k-boy group, to first kgroup, to first Asian group, to first Asian artist, to first group, to first artist. That's a constant growth
Twenty years ago I was deep in previews for the premiere of my multimedia performance  The Yoko Ono Project, which integrated an exploration of @yokoono’s life and work, and the Asian Female Diasporic experience. “I thought ‘art’ was a verb.”
I finds it really disturbing that the a non asian finds an asian attractive everyone seems to jump on the "they are just fetishising them" train, like no asian people are not just a fetish and you saying that is honestly more offensive than finding an asian person hot
Thai retailers have begun 2020 with a ban on single-use #plastic bags, joining the battle against throwaway carriers in the Southeast Asian nation where citizens go through an average of eight per day  #singleuse 
How did the state of US infrastructure get so bad? European & Asian infrastructure is higher quality, built at lower cost, at greater speed. Reminiscent of American cars in the 70's: expensive yet unreliable and low quality.
Omissions are never accidental. Filipinos are consistently&deliberately ignored by “Asian” anything—recaps, conversations, highlights, notables. It took a minute to unpack which is why I’m 2020 invested in showing out & uplifting others. Fuck yr apology NBC. Watch what’s next.  …
สรุปฟาดไป 8 รางวัลจุกๆ Most Dedicated Fandom Highest Rated Asianovela of the Year Couple of the Year Soundtrack of the Year Best Actress of the Year Best Actor of the Year Primetime Asianovela of the Year ASIAN DRAMA OF THE YEAR #nadechyaya #ณเดชน์ญาญ่า 
Asian twitter makes me want to join the EDL
Asian parents ruin a lot of relationships because they care more about what the outside world will think.
Grandslam/landslide win for Nadech Kugimiya, Yaya Urassaya Sperbund and The Crown Princess on the 3rd GMA Heart of Asia Awards 2019!!! Also Grand Prize winner for Asian Drama of the Year!!! Congrats 
What are the dates for : The White girl fest? The White boy fest? The Brown girl fest? The Brown boy fest? The Chinese Asian girl fest? The Chinese Asian boy fest? @MayorofLondon UK is still a majority white Christian country. This is blatant racial  …
3rd GMA The Heart of Asia Awards 2019: Primetime Asian Drama of the Year — 'The Crown Princess' #ThankYouGMAHOA 
“Where does Faiz the poet end and Faiz the politician begin? Where does pan-South Asian Marxist end and the Pakistani begin?” asked not some Sanghi but a Bangladeshi author Anwar Choudhury. A fellow Muslim can criticise Faiz but not an Indian secular  …
Congratulations to Adnan Saleh Buledi from Shaheed Ayub InterCollege Buleda for securing admission in Asian Medical Institute Moscow on merit throughout Pakistan. 
. @BTS_twt is the only group and the only Asian artist on the list  …
Hello World! I run @Seideasi, a social enterprise focused on helping Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic women get into the cybersecurity sector. We are running a an event in collaboration with @SandersonGDplc, a recruitment firm which specialises in cyber and defence roles.
“Yang possesses a sense of authenticity that stands in direct contrast to Trump.” = The opposite of Donald Trump is an Asian man who likes #math. #YangGang Comedian who predicted Trump's rise names Yang, Gabbard as top 2020  …
Sensex rises 320 points led by RIL & HDFC; Nifty near all-time high; Tata Steel, Suzlon Energy, PNB Housing Finance stocks gain; Ultratech jumps 5% Domestic investors followed Asian equities that rallied on Chinese central bank's fresh stimulus for the country's slowing economy
I've found Asian people attractive years before even knowing what kpop was and now just because I like kpop people will think I have a thing for them just because of Kpop
I found a lot of asian people pretty long before I even knew what kpop was... All of a sudden now that I'm any army any asian that I find attractive it would be a fetish... Dafuq?
Things you will always hear from the BBC: Due to the climate emergency The motive for the attack is still not clear Greta Thunberg Our rich &  And what is your view Owen Jones, Paul Mason, Will Self? Our bbcqt panel tonight includes Barry Gardiner An Asian man
Happy New Year 2020 mixes in no particular order: • Swolemates Vol. 3 • Gold’s House Vol. 2 • Swole Mix Vol. 7 • Asian & Pacific Islander Heritage Mix Vol. 2 
Asian don’t raisin
if people are attracted to non-asians no one views it odd, but when it’s an asian it’s immediately fetishising and weird. kpop really ruined your mindsets and it shows.
Wait you are right , I'm Asian as well and I thought he was cute as well, why attraction towards Asians is always reduced to fetishization
I’m asian myself and I remember seeing him and thought he was pretty too?? am I fetishizing him as well? god forbid anyone to be attracted to asians without downgrading it to a fetishization bc it’s not normal to be attracted to asians who aren’t your kpop faves ig
calling out the 5 types of asian boys i will never date (again): 
Delhi Metro launches free #WiFi services on Airport Express Line, 'first such facility in India & South Asian region': Official
The moral of the story is: shoot your shot in 2020, artists. Ask people to give you writing gigs about subjects you know. The  can't possibly be worse than this or that 2015 NYT article by U** on how we don't need diversity and there can't possibly be an Asian superhero.  …
Asian Games Olympics World Cup Seen it all, done it all. Thank you for everything, Sunita. We wish you a happy retirement. Read more:  … #IndiaKaGame @IndiaSports @CMO_Odisha @sports_odisha @Media_SAI 
Starting from Arjun reddy to till date, @TheDeverakonda's collaboration with @AsianSunilN and Bharat Narang ( Asian team) was truly amazing. We are happy to associate again with Vijay for the biggest multiplex theatre AVD Cinemas With 3 screens at Mahbubnagar. 
My New Year’s resolution is to get through 2020 without calling out an “Asian American” list/article/movie/product, etc. for not having Filipino representation in it. And just like other resolutions, this probably will fail. #ForgottenAsianAmericans
DP Tripathi was a man with an interesting insight into South Asian politics. had close relations with leaders and diplomats across our borders. In his passing, India has lost an intellectual leader. RIP.
"Almost 19,000 children have been sexually groomed in England in the past year, according to official figures that have prompted warnings of an 'epidemic.'" Disproportionate numbers of child sex ring perpetrators in England are South Asian Muslims.  … 
Video of Joe Biden Saying 'Our European Culture' Is 'Not Imported from Some African Nation or Some Asian Nation' Causes Controversy  … via @gatewaypundit
Aldrean, a @wesleyan_u student & recipient of the Freeman Asian Scholarship, says “Don’t be afraid to ask for help. There are people who can help!” Join @EducationUSA_PH’s FREE advising sessions to receive advice on your U.S. college application! Register:  
What's funny is that Biden was accused of insulting Asians and African people. Yet there are a lot of white people telling this Bernie supporting Asian American, and my Warren supporting African American friends to be mad about a doctored video. The truth is bad enough you all.
Just watched @nyknicks bring in 2020 in style - foiled @ChinaJoeFlynn's Asian premonition "I'm 13 hours ahead right now. In Asia, the Knicks have already lost." More importantly, watched @FrankLikina play his best floor game ever in a Knicks uniform - Confidence is acquiring him.
CNN explains it wouldn’t be ok for Biden to be attacking African or Asian culture. But it’s fine for him to attack European/Anglo culture. Thanks CNN! Really helpful.  …
I'm a Bernie supporter. I'm Central Asian. I'm know doctored videos when I see them, I exposed the White House's doctored video that helped CNN get unbanned. It's OK to have different opinions, but don't lecture me.
Latinas/Asian mix is top tier
The entire asian continent has declared war against this video  …
 Razer has teamed up with Singaporean entrepreneurs and Asian billionaires to apply for a full digital banking license 
Joe Biden didn't say our culture, in a general sense, is based off of European values at the expense 9f African and Asian nations that built this country. He was saying that the culture of violence against women is originally European culture. Still wrong as abuse is universal...
Koreans mainly use melon and BTS currently have most streamed album in melon in 2019 i think. Plus, many asian countries have other streaming app as well. For my country, many used joox as you dont need to pay for premium. Just need to share it. While spotify is more expensive
This is how someone is trying to defend Biden’s clip— and of course, while doing it also falls into racist traps and tropes people in US have of non-white continents & countries: “many Americans find [African and Asian countries] scary and dangerous”  …
Here’s an extended clip of the video of former VP Joe Biden saying, “Our culture is not imported from some African nation or some Asian nation. It’s our English jurisprudential culture.” 
The fact that he would describe English culture as jurisprudential in contrast with Asian and African culture is characteristically dated and disgusting.
BTS are the only Asian artist to be included in CNN’s list of “The 10 artists who transformed music this decade”.  … #BTS @BTS_twt 
Haven’t seen an Asian guy putting it down in MSG since Jeremey Lin
"Almost everyone was White" NOT allowed. "I wanted to go to a school where people look like me" Allowed & fostered. Howard. All Black & a souvenir Asian:  … And there are 80 Black colleges. Yes, 80. 2020 is gonna be  …
What do you think the corporate press' reaction would be if Trump said, as Biden just did, "Our culture wasn't imported from some African nation. Our culture wasn't imported from some Asian nation."
When I was a kid I used to look at videogame characters kind of how I look at actors. When I saw Regina on the Dino Crisis box art I thought, “she’s played by an asian lady.” I was very confused when I noticed in the sequel she was recast with a younger white actress. 
dec 31: brain full of toxins (voluntary + involuntary), no sense of time, far from home, cold, writhing psycho sleep jan 1: warm blanket, home, watching asian dramas on the couch while eating sweet sesame 湯圓, resting like a well fed baby
Say it with me, y’all: @joebiden is a damn racist. “Our culture is not imported from some African nation or some Asian nation...” Remind me how this is the “frontrunner” again? : 
Asian food is just levels above any other and it’s not a debate Malaysian food, Thai food, Korean/Japanese food>>>>> Imagine some people CHOOSE to eat toad in the hole over food with actual flavour it’s actually depressing
-U.S. futures -Asian stocks were mixed: South Korea Hong Kong, China -Thai baht declines past 30 against the U.S. dollar -Gold, Oil  
WATCH: Biden: “Our culture is not imported from some African nation or some Asian nation”. He then says we have a European identity If Trump said this, he’d be called a Nazi... 
opens muslim twitter happily: gay ex muslim dancing to the Athaan *disgustedly scrolls* Shias cursing the sahabah *angrily scrolls more* Asian dude kissing himself *scrolls traumatized* hijabis openly making sexual “jokes” *closes twitter mortified*  …
I’m Roxxy Andrews & I’m here to make clear - Asian body types exist and shouldn’t be dismissed 
It's almost like Joe Biden is a Racist. "Our culture is not imported from some African nation, some Asian nation." 
small rant but i really hate how my very strictly traditional asian parents believe they ought to decide what clothes i wear, how i should style my hair, how i should spend my money and how i should behave. everything i do or get has to be met by their approval first
year of the rat means it’s time to stop calling people it as a slur. translation, calling asian people and characters “rats” is racist even if used jokingly. it is a slur that has been used against asian people for decades and internet memes don’t just undo that history.
Hrs later and I’m still thinking about this part about how the WG “seemed interchangeable as dolls.” It’s just so disappointing to see a fellow Asian female write this orientalist garbage. There were many other issues but this just stuck out to me. Sigh. 
Maybe this decade could be the one where we step back from orientalist verbiage and maybe  Asian women to dolls?  …
 Razer has teamed up with Singaporean entrepreneurs and Asian billionaires to apply for a full digital banking license 
and that’s on racism to every asian except korean  …
Love Reylos being hated on by ants when while we were writing metas on the importance of Finn’s arc & identity, they were trying to erase an Asian woman so their fav could be with the white girl.
although it is now year of the rat here is your reminder that it IS INDEED, still racist to call your asian anime boys rats! and drawing anime characters as rats is a racial caricature! please take a history lesson before you speak thank you
when are people gonna “fetishizing” isnt simply calling one person pretty? all i do is simply tell one person i think their attractive regardless of what their ethnicity/race was and  at me calling me a creep saying i “fetishize asian people” thats not how it works
white gringos: u reylos are so fucking racist poc/latinx/asian reylos: but white gringos: ofc i can say this cause im 1% african
asian guys wear a cap and they’re tadashi hamada but when white guys do it they’re joe goldberg
The most famous and respected cosplayers are white and Asian and they all do this x10. Gender-bending is a whole genre within Cosplay culture, which you clearly know nothing about. Y’all just hate to see Black Women enter *and BODY* spaces you think they don’t belong in. 
Here are 8 feel-good fiction picks written by Muslim South Asian women across the diaspora. Send me others that I missed or haven't read yet!! (Books by @uzmawrites @soniahkamal @adiba_j @sabina_writer @henakhanbooks @saadiafaruqi @aishacs + 
"Pope apologizes for slapping Asian woman" may already be the best headline of the decade.
Aren’t yall referred to as “mud people” and “asian n*ggers”?? Yeah imma need you to worry about that before you sit up here trying to defend the same people who want to use every aspect of that “oh so whatever” culture you speak of, without the skintone.  …
New Year Greetings from @AndrewYang and @Zach_Graumann to Asian Americans. Full video 
Last night you sent her a page long imessage wishing her happy new years about how much you love her and she means to you. She was at porters countdown set getting felt up by some asian frat dude named kevin nguyen who was wearing an illenium/lakers jersey ... do better king
All week we're sharing some of our favorite Asian horror movies and, after two decades, Takashi Miike's AUDITION still proves that dating is horrific. 
bts stans staring @asian people in the streets 
Good tip. Caught this on subtle asian traits (Text recap: Date all your stuff with the full year because just putting 1/1/20 means someone can add digits to make it 1/1/2018 and backdate a document to screw you over) 
Kelly Marie Tran was harassed so much by white men who hated that an Asian woman was a part of SWs that she left social media. She was then erased from TROS to appease these same fans and yet here y’all are in Rihanna’s internet pretending this somehow was caused by Reylo
Asian Americans are #WINNING under @realDonaldTrump. This summer, unemployment among Asian Americans fell to 2.1% — the lowest level on record!
. @SecPompeo won’t take a scheduled trip to #Ukraine and other eastern European and Asian countries “to continue monitoring the ongoing situation in Iraq and ensure the safety and security of Americans in the Middle East,” the @StateDept  …
i knew someone who pretended he had a girlfriend for 2 years but it was just an asian osu streamer
In her 2019 review, @BernardineEvari names the Eric Gregory Awards' failure to recognize young Black and Asian poets. Just six BAME winners since 2000. The list is a who's who of UK poetry. Some prizes really do matter, and they shouldn't be 95% white.  
South Asian Representation Worth Celebrating on TV in 2019 Thank you ⁦ @BrownGirlMag⁩ for including me on a list with such talented  …
stan freddie mercury, a gay asian rockstar instead 
CNN chose @BTS_twt as one of the “10 artists who transformed music this decade” Not only are BTS the only group to be on the list, they’re also the only Asian act  
Hello. My son Eric purchased 5 bottles of Asian Zing sauce from Buffalo Wild Wings and arranges them in the shape of a pentagram every night. He stopped going to church and has been sleeping upside down for 2 weeks. Should I tell my priest? I am worried. Mary 48, Schaumburg, IL
south asian parents too  …
Non-english asian boyband, started from a smaller  not even signed under the management of an American label, sing and rap in Korean, made it on their own!! Im so proud of them, they are so inspiring!
Reminder: dont call japanese or asian characters rats as rat is a racial slur used against asians and it makes people  please dont use rat to describe real life asians either, its rude. thats my psa for 2020 year of the rat
In East Asian culture we all peel the skin off fruits before we eat them. Pls don’t judge w/o understanding the culture first.
1st Superhero Film of the new Decade 1st theatrically released R Rated DCEU film 1st Female Ensemble Superhero film 1st Comic book film to be directed by an Asian Woman 
No link besides the Pats next opponent, Pats equipment, Pats staff, Pats video production team, a bag of deflated balls, TBs missing cell phone, an Asian masseuse & clear evidence ON tape of them begging to delete said evidence. Oh & Patriots logos on everything. But no link..  …
as an asian, non asians being so quick to call asian performers manufactured dolls while not having the same criticism level for the western industry is...... yikesssssssss  …
Do you think Dulwich College and Winchester would have refused a £1.2 million donation for scholarships for poor black or Asian boys? Frank Field calls it unthinkable and condemns the schools as racist. One can only sympathise.
' #HumDekhenge' has nothing to do with Hindus or India. It was penned in 1979 by a Muslim (poet #Faiz) for Muslims (Pakistanis) to protest against a Muslim (Gen. Zia) It's a haunting nazm against dictatorship now sung by South Asian protesters,  …
When you get jumped by Asian niggas and hear one of them say "Put him with the dogs":  …
Anyone curious what Cameron means, @MSNBC has been trying to erase/dismiss/belittle the first Asian-American presidential candidate in history through  of ignorance, subconscious racism and establishment gatekeeping. @maddow  …
And what about white, Asian and Chinese girls, they don't get a look in. Only last week some academics were throwing a loobine, cause they thought it inappropriate to offer "white boys" a scholarship.
White teachers when  across an Asian name on the register 
white men foaming at the mouth cuz a group of asian men are the biggest act atm and they can't talk sht abt bts anymore without facing some consequences
Asian guys like this make me understand the agenda against Asian guys  …
Wisconsin is 85.6% white, 6.4% black, 2.76% Asian. University of Wisconsin-Madison is 69.9% White, 5.58% Asian, 4.81% Hispanic, 2.91% Two or More Races, 2.25% Black or African American, 0.221% so it isn't shocking that a video of the University of Wisconsin would be mostly white
Both of my parents are truly typical of Asian parents. I have never had any  nor  from them about the good things I’ve achieved &  since I was a kid. But once I did a mistake, they remember it all year long.  …
Date an asian person because we never cheat as that'll bring dishonor to our families. Also you'll never be option B, because B is a failing grade to us.
Indigenous people of all genders didn’t have theoretically universal voting rights til 1924. (Voter suppression still keeps them from the polls.) Some Asian Americans couldn’t vote until 1952. Black Americans didn’t have theoretically protected voting rights until 1965.
What if you are in a rush mode and for your surprise suddenly on the elevator you see Asian BradmanThis was beautiful coincidence too.. On 1st jan 2018 one of my friend met Zaheer Abbas & sent me picture so I was like “yar he is my fav,love him I wish could meet him | Part 1 
Introducing additional inventory and fulfillment center in Asia. Orders made in the Asian region can now experience faster and cheaper shipping. You can shop at the website with the option of choosing 2 locations: WORLDWIDE or ASIA. Coming this Jan 2020. Stay tuned! 
Today is Groucho's 50th birthday, which is 3 years older than the median life span for male Asian . Learn about the state-of-the-art care he receives at Toyota Elephant Passage, & why our other 4 elephant boys are so lucky to have Groucho to learn from:  
this year, let’s be even more proud to be asian 
-BTS' Google searches increased ww around their performance -BTS first Asian artists in history to play stadium shows in 4 different continents in 2019 - @BTS_twt (with BWL) is the only Idol group to get PAK in 2019 -Winter Bear 95M SoundCloud streams  …
Our Police have leant over backwards to avoid the accusation of racism . No social worker will risk being accused of raging against an ethnic minority. Where the perpetrators are Asian Muslims and the victims ethnically English, the message? Best to sweep it under the carpet  …
DID Y'ALL ALREADY HEAR MOTS: PERSONA IS THE FIRST ASIAN ALBUM TO DEBUT IN THE AUSTRIAN ALBUMS YEAR END CHART YES ITS THE FIRST ASIAN ALBUM TO DEBUT IN THE AUSTRIAN ALBUMS YEAR END CHART I WONT STOP TALKING ABOUT THIS
i appreciate being asian because i know that if my regular new years doesnt go to plan... there's always lunar new year to re-attempt
New Year Greetings from @AndrewYang to  for their support. #2020ForYang #YangGangLove 
PM today held telephonic conversations with South Asian leaders and emphasized  to ‘Neighbourhood First’ policy and the vision of shared peace, security, prosperity and progress for all of India’s friends and partners in the region.  …
no pls don’t do this. one asian does not represent all  …
No did i read this right MOTS: Persona is the first Asian Album to debut in our Austrian Albums Year End Chart and this happened in 2019 pls let's be loud about this ösi armys
Austrian Albums Year-End Chart 2019 #59 MOTS: Persona MOTS: Persona is the first Asian album to debut in the Austrian Albums Year-End Chart! Great job Austrian Armys! @BTS_twt
IK declares that  an Asian Tiger was a small men’s dream, his is greater... DoNotPassGo...
If EFF is in power they will not serve white man’s economic interests; will not permit the white man to keep exploiting Africans. Given what we know about EFF leaders, you must be total idiot not to realize if EFF rule, SA will be up at the level of Asian Tigers; Singapore etc
#LISA is the FIRST and ONLY Asian artist to reach 1 BILLION LIKES on Instagram in one year. She posted 317 posts in 2019 with the total of 1,005,683,365 likes. So she will get 3,17M LIKES PER POST. 2019 IS INDEED LISA'S YEAR!!! #LALISA #리사 #ลิซ่า #ラリサ #BLACKPINK 
As they say: Yes, Marcos is trans. Marcos is trans in San Francisco, black in South Africa, an Asian in Europe, a Chicano in San Ysidro, an anarchist in Spain, a Palestinian in Israel, a Mayan Indian in the streets of San Cristobal, a Jew in Germany, a Gypsy in Poland,  …
HELLO FRIENDS this year @readbytiffany & i are starting a “subtle asian book club” in which we read a book by an asian author each month would love for you to join & celebrate diverse reads~~  …
saweetie as a monied black/asian woman in hawaii does automatically mean more power than a native hawaiian. and dressed as a caricature of natives, u have to understand why theyre upset. read haunani-kay trask's work. & her work on how hawaiian women are reduced to hula girls.
CALLING ALL BIBLIOPHILES Come join @twirlingpages and me in our newest book club "subtle asian book club". Each month, we will buddy read a novel written by an Asian author. Members do not have to be Asian to join!  …
idk how ppl visit oahu for even 2 days and not notice the stark disparities native hawaiians subject to. by day 1 i noticed the ppl at desks & nice homes are asian but security guards& ppl throwing out the trash & living in tent cities along the highways are native.
It’s ok to be Black It’s ok to be White It’s ok to be Hispanic It’s ok to be Asian It’s ok to be Male It’s ok to be Female It’s ok to be Gay It’s ok to be Straight It’s ok to be YOU but it’s never ok to think ogmaxb is funny
hawaii is the only state where whites are a minority. they own alot more than their numbers actually are. but this also includes asian ppl as the majority of settlers who enjoy a higher quality of life than natives, who are a minority yet most the homeless & incarcerated.
88. The 20 Best Asian American Films of the Last 20 Years. An excellent list for discussion and  by Brian Hu for the Los Angeles Times, in an attempt to determine an Asian American film canon.  …
PERSON WITH A GUN Bay St & Gerrard St W - gun point robbery - silver handgun seen - 2 susp l/s Yonge St. - susp #1: m/asian, 5'7, 20's,blk windbreaker jkt, blk satchel, gry pants, white shoes, -susp #2: m/asian, 5'8, 20's, long blond hair, blk windbreaker #GO674 #NYE2020 ^lb
Happy New year #QKR @tonybobo3 @rt_feet @rtfindom @DirkHooper @DommeDaily @dickievirgin @FemdomDaily @Femdom__World @FemdomDaily @FemDomFanatic @Oostwalum @DommesNation @Slave_for_asian 
Twelve Platinum-Standard Reference Genomes Sequences (PSRefSeq)  the full range of genetic diversity of Asian rice  …
People are still making excuses for this feral papal behavior on my TL. It's pathetic. The large Argentinian man beat up by the tiny Asian woman gets no sympathy from me. She's clearly pleading. If he had a shred of Christian decency, he'd not have reacted with outrage/violence.  …
Driving around this summer, I’ve been amazed at how Australia’s cricket spaces (formal/informal) are utilised by the South  All hours & conditions. Honing skills, playing hard. Properly engaged, they‘ll play a huge role in the future success of Australian cricket
Happy New Year Boss! I prayed 2God MONTHS ago for a new leader...and then after that, later, I learned about some Asian Guy Who Likes #Math. So grateful! God ALWAYS listens! Thank U for inspiring US all! Hugs 2 U & Your Precious Family & Campaign & All the #YangGang Fam! 
asian kids frat boys at at raves coachella rolling too hard
not to be chaotic but......one of the girls who took up so much time at the build series that I, an asian woman, couldn’t ask my full question.......,,,she’s a R*YLO?????  …
Leaders & leaders in  in Chemicals. Study their history & how have they grown to understand the business phases. ~Alkyl Amine ~Vinati ~Atul ~SRF ~Navin Fluorine ~PI Ind ~Sudarshan ~Aarti Ind ~Excel ~Paushak ~GMM Pfaudler ~Asian Paints ~Transpek ~Pidilite ~UPL
Happy New Year from the Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs! 
When did Melania  Asian?
Too scared of firecrackers; scared to death by dropping tin pot behind our back perfectly describes PH foreign policy since the end of the Cold War. Enlarging its scope to take in Russia, the Central Asian Tans & Africa—too far to do us harm but accessible for mutual advantage. 
BTS ( @BTS_twt) performed Boy With Luv and Make It Right at Times Square. They made history as the ONLY ASIAN ACT to perform for New Year's Rockin' Eve in multiple years (2018 and 2020). #BTSxRockinEve #BTSatTimeSquare 
2010 - 2020: A Decade Of New Asian Faces in Hollywood @VRodriguezIII @MannyJacinto @ConstanceWu @lanacondor @parkrandall @hasanminhaj @mindykaling @HaydenSzeto @henrygolding @azizansari @JHenwick @ludi_lin @TheLewisTan @kristamarieyu @KarenFukuhara @OsricChau (keep going!)
I think it was @lodgepolepines who said that every single white person on Twitter can be milkshake ducked if you look up their handle and the word “Asian” before 2014  …
stop asking me for money. me and my Asian brothers & sisters are taking our money directly to @AndrewYang to prevent ur mafia @dnc from silencing him. #PollThePeople #YangGang
100 Asian Sweethearts 2019 – Full List 
China hated the animated Mulan. I skipped school to watch it and was humming, "I'll Make A Man Out of You" for a week. So yeah, every time a  out that makes Asian-Americans feel seen, and then the "BUT CHINA" conversation starts, I just want to... break stuff.
I remember when I stayed at my Asian mate's house when I was at school. He was laughing telling me his mum was stressing out planning to buy fish fingers and chips for me and he had to reassure her I'd be OK with Indian food mums man
starting to think rose got cut for lack of an asian character in the OT JJ could make her related to  …
May I just remind everyone that my girlfriend is an Asian woman and I’m a Portuguese and Native American person Brown doesn’t mean related Thank you  to my TED talk
Happy New Year to YOU Mr President! ALL Americans..Black, White, Hispanic, Asian, Native, Eskimo, Polynesian and Muslim Americans are FOR you! We will NEVER turn our backs on you! We will NEVER support this satanic impeachment! You have our UNWAVERING support Mr President!  …
‘We’re giving you chai the same way that people in India take chai’ — These two brothers opened a chai shop in NYC to reclaim the narrative of the South Asian drink 
Types of people on Asian Twitter- a thread:
brown asians are amazing and wonderful, and i highly suggest including them if you're looking to put asian representation in your work!
The ‘roadman’- he’s the stereotype of the classic asian roadman. His tweets are mainly drill bars or grime lyrics. He tweets the way he speaks. Wears a bally in his avi/media with gun fingers. He talks about hustle however it’s questionably whether his  is legal.
‘Everyones mcm’- this guy is peng & knows it. Most asian girls drool over him & laugh at anything he tweets. Hes more popular on insta than on twitter, he’s been gassed so much about his looks & drip that he thinks hes an ASOS Model. Beware of this one cos he’ll steal ur wcws.
Asian Twitter boys : (a thread)
I don't give cookies to immigrants  here. The only reason America exists is because of the stolen labor from Black Americans. The only words I ever want an immigrant to tell me is "Thank You" That goes for Black ones, White ones, Asian ones, Hispanic ones, etc.  …
ring in your new year with a little afro-asian left solidarity :)  …
Our newest episode of the Left POCket Project Podcast is out! It's the final installment of our #ReadingRevolution series on Mao Tse-Tung's Little Red Book. This time, we discuss its larger global impact, esp. on Black & Asian-American movements in the US  …
#3. "K-WAVE" SLOWLY GIVES WAY TO "ASIAN WAVE" (MUCH TO THE CHAGRIN OF FLOODED K-IDOL MARKET) There was never any rule that said only idol music out of Korea got to be popular and the explosion of interest in "The Untamed" makes me think China might be about to snatch Korea. 
A tall asian boyfriend ? HMU please 
Simply celebrating Asian American demographic growth runs the risk of ignoring the economic, political, and military interventions that produce displacement and/or access for various Asian immigrants and refugees, many of whom's presence here is a symptom of (neo-)colonialism
There's a Caravaggio nature to this chiaroscuro, the helplessness in the face of the Asian woman, the rage revealing the true face of the main character. Excellent take.
Best moment of the decade in Filipino America: Not depending on Asian America to validate who we are.
Asian Twitter Girls. Choose your player: (a thread)
Not “Korean” or “Asian” JUST ARTIST IM SO PROUD
As we wait for the return of Kayako in the Sam Raimi-produced reboot of THE @GRUDGEmovie, we're sharing some of our favorite Asian horror entries ... like the absolutely bonkers HAUSU (1977). When did you first see this insanity? 
ONEUS ASIAN TOUR ONEUS ASIAN TOUR ONEUS ASIAN TOUR ONEUS ASIAN TOUR ONEUS ASIAN TOUR ONEUS ASIAN TOUR ONEUS ASIAN TOUR ONEUS ASIAN TOUR ONEUS ASIAN TOUR ONEUS ASIAN TOUR ONEUS ASIAN TOUR ONEUS ASIAN TOUR ONEUS ASIAN TOUR ONEUS ASIAN TOUR ONEUS ASIAN TOUR  …
The 1920s: -birth of fascism and the Nazi Party -peak of membership of the 2nd KKK -over 300 known lynchings in the US -start of the Great Depression -Asian Exclusion Act of 1924 -the Scopes Trial -Henry Ford prints, distributes 500,000 copies of "Protocols of the Elders of Zion"  …
A significant part of Australian diplomacy these days is wrecking climate talks like #COP25 and doing trade-promotion trips to encourage Asian countries to buy and burn more Australian coal. We are not passively letting other nations buy our coal. We're actively promoting it.
In 2019, BLACKPINK became the 10th Asian artists in history to gross over $1 million in one show in North America ( @ygofficialblink).
THE ONLY GROUP IN HISTORY, not the first korean group, not the first boyband, not the only asian act No! The first group OVERALL, living legends! @BTS_twt
Where in said malicious actors are showing they can take the Disney monster and actually kind of win ... which magically results in the erasure of an Asian woman and notes of suppression to allies whether intended or not
asian check #AsiansTakeOver2020 
Never in my life have I ever seen anyone deny Li Mei or Bo Rai Bo being asian because they’re from Outworld. Or deny Darrius being black because he’s from Seido. Not sure why Jade and Tanya are always up for debate  …
2019, wow. Such an insane and surreal year. So many  obstacles, and memories. Drifted apart from many people, but also met and grew closer with plenty as well. Thank you for an amazing year. My 2019 Recap  soon. 2020, look out for this asian .
I’ve never in my life heard an Asian person refer to themself as a POC
not in the star wars fandom but it seems like kelly marie tran (an asian woman) and john boyega (a black man) are the main victims of bullying and harassment by the sw fans hmm 
A majority of Hong Kong respondents polled in a survey for @Reuters want the resignation of city leader Carrie Lam, who has been a target of anti-government demonstrations that have roiled the Asian financial hub. More here:  
#ItsOkayToBeWhite It's okay to be Black. It's okay to be Hispanic. It's okay to be Asian. It's okay to be Indian. It's okay to be whatever race or skin color you are. It's NOT okay to blame all your problems on one race and stay a victim forever. The future is on you.
FRESNO UPDATE: Mongolian Boys gang members believed they were targeting Asian Crips house party in deadly mass shooting, police say  
Don’t let the Asian restaurants hear that... 
In the spirit of New Years’, read @gogglesque’s and my story about a depressed, closeted asian-american fuckboy making out with his ex-gf’s new bf on New Years’ Eve and proceeding to have the worst semester of his academic life. Learn from their mistakes and don’t do this.  …
Those depictions were based on an ideology that sprang up to explain why African, Asian, and indigenous American people were subhuman or at the very least morally, intellectually, and spiritually children  to white Europeans, and thus in need of European authority.
When white authors rely on depictions of African, Asian, and indigenous American people of the past largely by European missionaries, business people, statesmen, and scholars, white supremacy is built in to those depictions and narratives.
Modern sociology, anthropology, history, literature, and biology all have roots in this colonialist effort to detail by every means possible how Asian, African, and indigenous American people were genetically and morally inferior to white Europeans.
The Best Artists of the Decade by Wired: 1. Beyo*** 2. @BTS_twt 3. Dra** 4. Fr*** Oce** 5. Kan** We** #BTS's is the only Asian Act on the List
Congressional Hispanic, Black and Asian Pacific American Caucus chairs will starting in January track the diversity of witnesses testifying in House hearings 
timezones be like: asian countries: happy new year! europe, africa, and america: lol still waiting
Swiss Albums Year-End Chart 2019 #44 MOTS: Persona MOTS: Persona is the first Asian album to debut in the Swiss Albums Year-End Chart! Congratulation to @BTS_twt and Swiss Armys!
The Asian  became the fastest-growing racial or ethnic group in America over the last decade, experiencing the pride, pain and progress  with growth.  - @NBCAsianAmerica
The continued erasure of Filipinx and other Southeast Asians because class-privileged East Asians with media power have internalized the Model Minority messaging that treats them as the default Asian & as superior to everyone else in the    …
In 2019, @loonatheworld's 'Butterfly' ranked #36 on SBS PopAsia's Top 100 Asian pop songs of 2019.  …
Take a look at the results of this Hong Kong survey, the first in a  by @Reuters to gauge public sentiment in the Asian financial hub amid its worst political crisis in decades  
Although I'd like to be 100% positive going into 2020, it would be a disservice to my journey to not talk about how difficult 2019 was—losing my publisher of 10+ years, East Asian-dominated platforms trying to bury me,  forward about my brother's abuse. #ArtSummary2019 
My Asian bitch drive while I let the K pop
Asian dads when you get a 100 vs when you get a 99 
According to tests my family took I have East Asian and Native American ancestry. Okay? It’s useless to me without the names/stories of my ancestors (if they in fact exist and it’s not a arbitrary label assigned to a genetic  in the regions where my ancestors lived).
in this week's @NewYorker I wrote about 1974's Aiiieeeee! the first major collection of--and, consequently, argument about--Asian American writing and identity  …
This year @priyankachopra has been on the cover of 5 different issues of Vogue, She also made history as the first South Asian to get a solo US Vogue cover. legends only! 
"A lot of people don't know this, but I never got to read for Crazy Rich Asians, ever. Their reasoning behind that, what they said was that my image was basically not Asian enough, in not so many words. It broke my heart." 
Under @realDonaldTrump, 2019 was ANOTHER year of #PromisesMadePromisesKept This year, the Asian American unemployment rate hit its LOWEST EVER—2.1%—in June.
Over the past 10 years, Asian Americans gained political influence, found our voices in mainstream and alternative media, and told our stories through projects funded by major studios. Read @reappropriate on how the 2010s redefined Asian America:  …
nossa quem liga pra pedido de desculpa quando a SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART
It’s ok to be Black It’s ok to be white It’s ok to be Hispanic It’s ok to be Asian It’s ok to be Male It’s ok to be Female It’s ok to be Gay It’s ok to be straight It’s ok to be YOU But it’s never okay to think Kyrie>Wall
The 2010s saw Asian Americans  a major part of American pop culture and public life! I predict that the 2020s will accelerate this trend!  …
The clinic features colours and materials that are typically applied throughout meditation spaces in Asian countries.  …
The 2010s redefined Asian America. "It's clearer than ever that there is more than one way to think as an Asian American." ~ @reappropriate  … via @nbcnews
Exclusive: Take a look at the results of this Hong Kong survey, the first in a  by @Reuters to gauge public sentiment in the Asian financial hub amid its worst political crisis in decades  via @clarejim 
**New Year 2020** Greetings from the best new restaurant in town, Yum Yum Asian Fusion Cafe, Jhamsikhel. Terrific job, Satish and Moushumi Shrestha! 
ICYMI: #KevinFeige revealed that his #Marvel film #ShangChi and The Legend Of The Ten Rings has a 98% Asian cast. (Source: New York Film Academy.) 
This powerful New Yorker profile of "The Four Horseman of Asian-American literature" and their book "Aiiieeeee!: An Anthology of Asian American Writers" also discusses five other works available in our "Classics of Asian American Literature series: 1/7  …
A running theme in the receipts mocking Asian names and languages is that the people who do it, when asked, invariably say something like "I didn't think anything of it." They know customers can see what they write but it literally does not occur to them that it matters.
"Indian / Asian founders (and I assume it’s true for broader emerging markets) are masters of financial shenanigans. And you can’t go  to the police or security exchange or the govt or the courts since they are all part of the gravy train in some form or the other."
Kruse raises a good point here, but I have to say: there has been an ongoing rash of real coffee cup/receipt insults that the hoax anti-cop one parallels: racist invective, especially in place of Asian names. Cops are consciously copying actual oppression.  …
more than half of the countries mentioned are Asian, still we don't get tour dates. HOW ON EARTH IS THIS FAIR? is there any other way to prove that we have a huge fandom here coz to be honest, we are tired af now. @LTHQOfficial  …
The best Asian player in the PL.. 
I don’t claim to be asian anymore im now part of  …
First Asian footballer in Liverpool’s shirt. Takumi Minamino  …
Step 1: Shill big time to <insert Asian country here> institutions and ultra-high-net-worthers Step 2: Promise mass adoption, Ethereum slaying, and big returns. Step 3: Dump on said Asian investors Step 4: Thank Cardano for modeling this strategy previously.  …
she is definitely asian guys  …
asian people got crazy rich asians black people got black panther brown people got that one scene from Money Heist where they hired 65 Pakistani hackers to help them
#2019withLalisa TOP 5 Asian celebrities with most accumulative likes on their 2019 Instagram posts #LISA +1 BILLION likes #JENNIE 716M #ROSÉ 575M #VIRAT 504M #JISOO 458M #LALISA #BLACKPINK #OneBillionLoveForLisa 
What jongdae said reminded me of one of the video who revealed the culture of Asian children who didn't say I love you to our parents, because it sounds weird if we say it
Congratulations to our brightest star #LISA as the FIRST and ONLY ASIAN CELEBRITY to gain 1 billion likes on Instagram! #리사 #BLACKPINK #블랙핑크 #LALISA #リサ 
United States used to mock Asian trade agreements because they are all about the process, rather than the  I guess with this tweet, US embraces the Asian mindset. I leave it to you to judge if it’s a good or a bad thing.  …
but eventually (d) East Asian countries converged with the rich countries by acquiring / learning / developing technical processes, and raising productivity levels
I have  to Asia for NYE every year since 2014 and I each year I fall harder in love with this place. I am so grateful for the opportunity to revive my soul here after a long year and I am convinced I was Asian in my previous life. I really love it here
The cast of Marvel's Shang-Chi movie consists almost entirely of Asian actors. Full story:  
MAINE MENDOZA PA RIN SA 2020 #MaineMendoza / @mainedcm The Most Inspiring Celebrity of Philippine Cinema The First Asian & Filipina Endorser, Influencer & MACMaker The Phenomenal & Bankable Celebrity The Most Tweeted About Account & Hashtag in the Philippines 
It was definitely meant as a dadaist joke about the history of the word "mongoloid" but like... bad joke, simply apologize, blocking Asian people who were pissed is not the look lol
#LISA is the 1st Kpop idol, Asian celebrity & one of the only 3 female celebrities in the world to have over 1 Billion likes on Instagram in a single year (2019)! Top10 list↓ ©® bestgrid; #LISA1BLIKESPARTY #LISAin2019 #blackpink #리사 #블랙핑크 #小莎 #リサ #ラリサ 
Those 10 years were fun, exciting, stupid and lonely and I’m so glad they are over. When I tell my baby bro about all the things nice Asian girls weren’t allowed to do he wouldn’t believe me bc things are almost unrecognizable now which is great but I’m still a tiny bit bitter
I wholeheartedly agree. And for y’all in  to call her selfish & to make false equivalencies to the family dynamics of Asian culture ain’t it. It’s not the same. And she should be able to live her life and see her grandkids on her own terms too.  …
Putting money on Minamino to win Asian Footballer of the Year over Son. I'm that confident he will make an immediate impact, despite Klopp's usual routine of slow embedding.
Financial markets had a stellar year but luxury assets were weighed down (mostly by lack of Asian demand) 
TROS used Asian mythological and cultural tropes and didn't know how to use it
5. To state Jackson's achievements alone there should be a separate thread: 1st Asian male on the GQ male beauty portfolio, debuted with his 1st solo album MIRRORS on Billboard and won multiple awards including Album of The Year, unveiled his wax figure at MadameTussauds and ∞ 
i love rich asian couple,,, in short i love 2kim 
MarkBam be 'switching' their age??? Bambam looks like those Crazy-Rich-Asian-CEOs And Mark Tuan is an '18-yrs-old-kid- who-got-invited-into-a-adult-party' @GOT7Official #GOT7 
Petition to allow every south Asian daughter the right to run away from their families and never be bothered again
#TheCrownPrincess ranked 2nd (AGB Nielsen) and 7th (Kantar Media) in the The Top 10 Most Rated Asian Drama Aired in the Philippines for 2019. On both lists, #ลิขิตรักTheCrownPrincess is the highest-rated lakorn (to date actually) and highest from GMA #nnadechyaya 
We agree w @NYCComptroller %. Citizenship  with a $1170 price tag , not when our city depends on immigrant workers, artists, & entrepreneurs. We  last week opposing the @DHSgov rule, on behalf of 7 out of 10 Asian NY’ers who are immigrants.  …
1. be asian girl 2. make tik tok 3. post on Twitter 4. ???? 5. profit
I don’t claim asian Twitter wallahi what is this fuckery
The results of a survey conducted for @Reuters in Hong Kong reinforce claims by protesters that their key demands are broadly backed by the general public in the Asian financial hub. More here:  
 years have been as pregnant with change. To illustrate: In 2020, in PPP terms, Asian GDP > Rest of the World GDP for the first time since the 19th century. Exciting and yet challenging, this makes the global system a metaphor for life. Enjoy the ride; have a happy year
Thank you @NYCComptroller for standing against the @DHSgov proposed rule to increase citizenship application fees. 7 out of 10 Asian NY’ers are immigrants, and 1 out of 4 live in poverty. This fee increase is not just unnecessary, it’s discriminatory.  …
Being young, Asian and having an intellect
Supporting social change groups is an act of solidarity. As the year ends, I’m supporting Asian American organizations, the space where I started my activism incl @NQAPIA @SAALTweets @SAADAonline @TsuruSolidarity @JahajeeSisters. Which Asian American groups are you supporting?
Michael. Playing disingenuous for the sound bite and anti-intellectual populist narrative-bending is not the look in 2020. “A nice guy with a good heart and fresh ideas”? Wrong Asian, bruh. Yang is an intellectual giant, a unifying political beast & a once in a lifetime leader.  …
She realised she can’t say dick because she’s in a asian house hold LOOOL 
Lisa's literally hit 28M ffs & 1B likes in the same day last day of 2019! The ONLY ASIAN ARTIST & WW 3rd Female Artist with Most Likes on Instagram. What a memorable milestone! Kpop Queen Lalisa  her year in a glorious way #LISA28MPARTY #LISA1BLIKESPARTY 
why asian parents give too much pressure on their kids studies ')
SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART Bom Diaa
On 31st of December, 2019 - after adding her latest post, Lisa became the only Asian celebrity to have accumulated over 1B likes on Instagram. It literally happened on the last day of the year! #BLACKPINK #Lisa Cr: u/HumpingJack 
Unpacking after 6 days in mam's. Opened a bag to find 3xchoc fingers, 2xrashers, 2xplatters, 1xbiscuits, 1xthermal of soup & note that says: "In case you guys got hungry but don't eat too much or you won't fit the wedding dress-mam" Love Stella-she's such an Asian Irish mammy! 
Ìwé Ìròhìn Èkó (1891) was one of the first newspapers published in both #Yorùbá and English. More in @kolatubosun's post: African Literature through the Language Lens: The Yorùbá Example - Asian and African studies blog  
Central Asian countries have always been voicing their support for China on counter-terrorism & deradicalization efforts in Xinjiang. We  their position, which will be surely felt by someone of @StateDept during his travel to Central 
If you actually point out the real victims, you’re a fascist. This is the Amreekan and British playbook which was written by “South Asian” gang in Pakistan.
In the #newdecade, India will host: 2021 boxing worlds 2021 T20 World Cup 2022 Commonwealth Shooting C'ship 2023 Cricket&hockey World Cup Likely to bid for: 2022 Asian u-23 football c'ship 2022 Asian Cup(W) 2026 Youth Olympics 2026/2030 CWG 2027 Asian Cup 2030 Asiad 2032 Olympics
Asian twitter movin like it’s Love island on the TL recently
TREVOR PHILLIPS Liberal elitists fixate with ethnic-minority victimhood. They show little understanding of the British working class Squeamishness about race can have disastrous consequences, as terrible crimes are overlooked, e.g. 'Asian' sex gangs 
MNL48 Abby will be performing with representatives from SGO48, JKT48, AKB48 Team TP, AKB48 Team SH, DEL48, CGM48, and BNK48. Asian idols represent! #MNL48inNHKKouhaku #NHK紅白 
Wait until this kid cant keep and went crazy and do smtg stupid. Asian moms are crazy i tell you.  …
Hon'ble CM @ysjagan felicitated Arjuna awardee archer Ms. Vennam Jyothi Surekha, who recently won accolades in the 21st Asian Archery Championship -2019, Bangkok and 50th World Championships-2019, Netherlands. He wished her good luck for her future endeavors. 
Yey ! Congrats Kisses Delavin out of 100 we made it to TOP 4 Asian Sweethearts 2019 ! Thank You Kissables who participated in the poll ♡ Here's the YT link:  … #DNinangTrailerRelease @KissesDelavin @RegalFilms @gbsampedro #KissesDelavin 
*whispers* i kinda want to start a subtle asian book club where we read a different novel each month written by an asian author
2019 BELONGS TO HRITHIK SUPER 30 - India Nett : 146.94cr Worldwide : 208.93cr! Verdict - SUPER HIT WAR - India Nett : 317.91cr Worldwide : 474.79cr Verdict : BLOCKBUSTER Highest Grosser Of The Year SEXIEST ASIAN MEN 2019 & DECADE 
My biggest achievement on 2019 Glad and proud to be part of this team representing Malaysia . Asian Dodgeball Championship HK 2019 
BTS is the only Asian Act currently charting in BB200. Keep streaming, promoting and radio requesting. @BTS_twt
y’all hate it because they’re either a) asian or b) because it’s portrayed by the media that they’re only liked by preteen girls or c) you seem cool!1! hating on popular shit #KPopisCringe 
bc it’s game of TRASH!!!!!!! i am a certified harvard researcher of premodern south/southeast asian history and can tell u w my chest that AtLA is one of the best western interpretations of sacred histories/mythologies of any region of the world  …
MoEF&CC focuses on the National Action Plan for Conservation of Migratory Birds & their habitats along the Central Asian Flyway which is one of the 9 identified flyways in the world! 
This decade I: Met my soul mate Became a lawyer Celebrated my lil sister's wedding Took a deer selfie Became NZ's 1st female @WatchMixer partner Shared a South Asian moment w/ @Janina at my 1st E3 Traveled to 9 countries Made great friends 
“Asian Americans underwent a  of age over the last decade.  became the fastest-growing racial or ethnic group in America, experiencing the pride, pain and progress  with growth.”  … via @nbcnews
Hail to Our QUEEN Lalisa. First Asian. #LISA #LALISA #1B #LISA1BLIKESPARTY #OneBillionLoveForLisa 
August 28 - Alden's speech after winning the Asian Star Prize at the Seoul Drama Awards "As actors, it is always our hope to make people happy and inspire them through our passion." @aldenrichards02 #AldenRichardsxBestOf2019 
No one can touch Lalisa's achievements from Asian to Western Countries she's claiming it all. #Lisa28MParty #1BillionLoveforLisa #LISA #LALISA #BLACKPINK #블랙핑크 @ygofficialblink #리사 #リサ #ลิซ่า
If Camila "I've been single for 20 yrs" Cabello got a boyfriend then I'm claiming that my soon 21 y.o self is gonna find someone soon & I'd have a date to the Romance Asian leg (granted they might not be on the front row with me coz tickets are expensiveAF but they'll be there)
i just know next decade imma look the same bc asian dont raisin. bye.
Asian Americans often join the force as first-generation officers, lacking any embedded police culture. This program is changing that. 
Asian Americans paved the way for a renaissance in media representation and reached historic milestones for political engagement. - @NBCAsianAmerica 
Rapid growth in Vietnam and its Southeast Asian neighbors has created a situation that would have been unthinkable in the past: Aging American boomers are living a lifestyle reminiscent of Florida, Nevada and Arizona, but in Vietnam.  …
Of course #ItsOkayToBeWhite! Its also okay to be black, brown, Asian, Arabic, Jewish, Gypsy, Muslim, Christian, atheist, straight, gay, bisexual, a migrant, a refugee, indigenous, young, old, male, female, transgender, disabled or able-bodied. Deep down, we're all the same! 
oq tem no copia e cola de vcs??? eu: SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART
The 100 Asian Sweethearts of 2019, out now!  #100AsianSweethearts2019 
Asian Boy Usman Wazir challenges Indian Boxers, says "He wants to show them that we are number one in boxing too" Watch out 
-Errbody is woke, whoever isn't is a bad guy, that bad guy is usually white. -There were black and Asian people in middle age Europe -Anyone rich is evil
i would like to give all of the asian-american youtubers who made us laugh, cry, and simp; and defined our music tastes, relationship expectations, and our 2010s a big THANK YOU
That's because NBC is garbage, and we've all known it for years. This is the network that casted an anti-asian SNL cast member and had a show called "Outsourced." They aren't fooling anyone.  …
Tonight I rock out with my wok out Asian food prep making like 4lbs of this stuff, big pot of rice and a full pot of soup to portion out through the week. This is what happens after u have kids bros lol 
SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART
"Being Asian is my pride." I've lived in India, Japan, Korea, China, Indonesia and KSA. "Asia" is itself a myth. I see  between Saudi Salafists and North Korean Jucheists. You can take the SJW out of Kansas, but not Kansas out of the SJW.  …
finalmente os dias de gloria pra shivani nation SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART
A Filipino  artist wasn't allowed to write about other Asian characters? Guess we're segregating writing now.  …
60. Stuber. I didn't get a chance to see it, but I love that fact that this Hollywood  starred two Asian American leads, Kumail Nanjiani and Dave Bautista, and nobody really noticed (in a good way).
Só queria o Bailey parabenizando a Shiv a hora que acordar por ela ser o SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART
wth man, we suck so  to asian markets 
asian pork spare ribs 
#BiggBoss13 #AsimRiaz #Asim #JeetegaTohAsimHi #AsimWinningHearts #BB13 A glimpse of Asim Riaz from today's promo.. No doubt why he is 24th Asian sexiest Man.. 
individualism isn’t a bad thing and personally i can say that the lack of individualism in the (asian)  at least can be hard on those who don’t conform  standards (i.e. queer people, religious minorities). so yeah, not a criticism of white culture.
fave parts of this in no particular order: - the absolute lack of nuance regarding race, including "asian privilege" - bisexual privilege - being jewish gives you privilege EXCEPT if you're black - cops are oppressed - being attractive is a privilege  …
Because, they consider it their rights to: (1) keep women from making choices about their bodies; (2) openly discriminate against African American, Hispanic, Native American, and even Asian American people; and (3) openly discriminate against LGBTQ Americans.  …
TO TAO FELIZ DE NAO CLICAR MAIS EM PONTE, HIDRANTE, CARRO OU SEMAFORO MEU DEUS SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART
The end of the decade. A tumultuous one for football in Australia — one that produced one Asian Cup win, one Women’s Asian Cup win, an Asian Champions League success, and much more besides. Here’s @simonhill1894's top ten stories of the decade:  
The Tamil homeland was disproportionately impacted just due to geography. "The North-East is the region worst affected by the tsunami," the World Bank, Asian Development Bank and Japan Bank for International Cooperation said in a joint report. /2 
copiem e colem SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART 
deixe aqui o seu SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART 
ATENÇÃO ATENÇÃO RECADO MEGA IMPORTANTE SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART
“The notion of the submissive Chinese woman is a racist stereotype which fuels higher rates of violence against Asian women,” Courtney Milan wrote. “It is hard not to be upset about something that has done me and my loved ones real harm.” 
It makes my heart go when I find new asian rinis to talk to
The Boston Crusaders colorguard has SO MUCH TALENT. Like gosh darn.
america is subdivide by three sub regions, which doesn't means it is a different continent. asian is also divided by this, because they're the largest continents on the earth. I'm worried with North American geography education  …
a faixa ganhou SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART 
specifics for asian hair types this is true asian american representation  …
Prime Minister #SheikhHasina received the ‘2019 Asian Townscape Jury’s Award’ for her government’s outstanding contribution to developing the Purbachal New Town Project. @nhasive @muktadirnewage 
"Stereotype promise can push Asian Americans like me to excel, but at the cost of enormous self-esteem drop and outsized feelings of failure when high standards of success are not met." Dear Asian Americans: If you had a Tiger Mom, it's whitey's fault.  …
Gotta keep up with the kids! My dad read all the potters with me and new all the words to Jay Z black album and that was always an unexpected surprise from a middle aged South Asian man.
shivani you deserve it so so so much, you win, you are the asian sweetweart, you are shivani, you are cute, kind, beautiful, perfect, wonderful and other things. i love you so much @shivanipaliwal SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART 
I’M NOT A ROBOT SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART
Aí gabi....só quem viveu.... SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETH 
SENTIRAM O PESO?? EU SIM SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART 
SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART 
e no dia 7 de setembro de 1822, às margens do rio Ipiranga Dom Pedro gritou: SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART
2019 was a great year! Thank you to all of our for your ongoing support for #VFC & our efforts to bring you quality South Asian film, arts & entertainment! Here’s a look at some of  highlights from the last year. 
You know, it's okay to dislike a genre of music if it isn't your taste. But I think saying mean things about the Asian/Korean pop music industry as a whole is kind of too much... Let's learn to respect other cultures/languages and different music preferences
"The Model Minority stereotype discourages Asian Americans from 'being themselves.'" And "social justice" is itself a form of Model Minoritarianism that valorizes stereotypes and discourages individuals from "being themselves." You're still not yourself.  …
SABEM QM TA NOS TRENDS?? SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART 
"Every aspiring journalist should go to events like the Asian Cup & AFCON. That's one place where you get to talk to great players in a 'non-staged' environment." Couldn't agree more with @Levyninho My man spreading the good word. #Podcast  …
Only Asian who became a part of top 10 of Lysts which measures the influence of a celebrity in fashion Her record breaking Dance video Only Asian to achieved 1 billion likes in IG Lisa doin it all at 22.deymn her POWER! #LISA1BLIKESPARTY #OneBillionLoveForLisa  …
asian girls would have 3 instagram accounts: main main account second account (finsta), showing another side of yours anonymous account
There are also asian latinos
a any deve ter entrado no grupo do wpp do nu e mandado: SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART
minhas mentions SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART 
Considering Filipinos make up the second largest Asian American group this isn’t just about doing better. This is an erasure based on privilege, heirarchy, and colorism that I’m so over amongst Asian Americans.  …
@shivanipaliwal you're the asian sweetheart, I'm so proud SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART 
i love all of them but we gonna need more asian/poc trans/nb rep next decade PLEASE  …
sabe quando a dora falava com o raposo? vamo fazer igual? o que a shivani é? SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART
ELA É PERFEITA, O RESTO DO MUNDO QUE LUTE! SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART 
Everybody in the yanggang is an honorary asian getting a taste of all our childhoods! Hahaha
SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART rt pra ir pros trends.
yes, this is the most beautiful face in Ásia. SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART 
Tá vendo esse rostinho aqui? Então ela é a: SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART 
I THINK SO BECAUSE YOU W O N SHIVVVV IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART 
deposite aqui nesse tweet seu pra ir pros trendings: SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART
EU TO TÃO FELIZ MEU DEUS COPIA E COLA PRA SUBIR SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART
SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART
The increasing disconnect between real-world economy & financial market bubble is being deliberately engineered 2 cause humanity-liberating systemic failure during 2020, say Asian secret society & P3 Freemason sources. (And no, P3 is not a typo)  …
Thank you Angry Asian, 3 Nobles Freddie Mercury ( loved him ) JFK MLK @dhershiser @WomanRises @jkf3500 @YegRiverEdm @AngryandAsian @ConnieG1025 @WildPalmsLtd @TeahCartel @strom_annette @Bellatrixx2020 @Wrath_of_Comm @CherylMorrisW @aspiringinvntor
Potential savings of routeoptimation=1000kg fuel=3150kg CO2 btw Asian-Europe and v.v. Good business case for environment.  …
It's sucks but it what it is. It's hard to fight with 2 different countries. Why is Brazil voting for an Asian poll in the first place. Oh well, I dont want to say rigged, but sometimes freaking captcha made me answer more than 6 puzzles. RIGGED
It would seem the @jjhorgan government doesn't buy into the notion that B.C. wealth is created in the resource driven economy of the B.C. Interior. Closure of Asian trade offices will be salt in the deep wounds of lumber producers..who are already reeling! #bcpoli #bcbusiness
2. Taeyong is on the list of 100 Asian Heartthrobs by Starmometer along with Lucas ( his rank behind Taeyong ). Starmometer is the hottest entertainment updates from Hollywood and local showbizlandia as well. 
SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART SHIVANI IS THE ASIAN SWEETHEART  …
Lisa being the only asian artist to reach 1B likes in a single year and the first kpop idol to reach 28M followers on ig is undeniably iconic. #LISA1BLIKESPARTY 
#ItsOkayToBeWhite It’s ok to be Black It’s ok to be Asian It’s ok to be Gay It’s ok to be Straight It’s ok to be Male It’s ok to be Female It’s ok to be NB It’s ok to be Trans but its never ever ok to be a Penguins fan
. @ejrdavid is absolutely right. when  to popular pieces about Asian Americans, Filipinos don’t fit into the narrative—and get erased.  …
lisa just became the only asian celebrity to receive 1 billion likes on ig in 2019 and she uploaded these pics. she's on top of the world, she's flexing 
why is asian twitter so peng tho like i still haven’t clicked on someone’s profile and thought that they ain’t good looking lol
SIGN-UPs are now open! If you're a lover of diversity and wish to read more South-Asian books in 2002, this is the perfect challenge for you Read this page to find out more about #SARC2020  … #readers #bookbloggers
. @BTS_twt is #1 on the Billboard Social 50 chart for a 159th weeks They remain the only Asian act with most weeks at N°1 on the Billboard Social 50
asian twitter in a nutshell 
"on the throne of korean pop music, sits lisa manoban" first asian artist to reach a billion likes in a single year + still the most followed k-pop idol on instagram yesss queen 
Some of you asian girls on twitter get bare hurt over moving mad tweets on the tl. If it’s annoying you that much then just turn your wifi off sis
It’s ok to be Latino It’s ok to be Asian It’s ok to be Black It’s ok to be White It’s ok to be Female It’s ok to be Male It’s ALL OK bc we are all HUMANS. Accept YOURSELF 100% 
So NBC Asian America featured a whole "Decade of Asian America" article, that included not a single Filipino. I pointed out the omission to the author, and the apology is hollow.
*pretends to be shocked* Filipinos are the second largest Asian-American demographic, but nobody REALLY recognizes us for what we do, our culture, our identity.  …
hold on the way it generalizes asian countries by saying all asians are privileged, i have some news 
One million donations Definitely outraised Biden About to outraise Warren Polling 10% of Trump supporters Yes. This is the same Asian guy that’s “polling at 3.6%” 3.6% MY F****N A$$#PollThePeople
Cool that the highest profile Asian candidate in my lifetime is just a white supremacist bootlicking lying turtle. 
It’s okay to be white, it’s okay to be black, it’s okay to be hispanic, it’s okay to be asian. But it’s never okay to be 
as an Asian female, i couldn't find more disturbing on this Terrio's "choose your family name yeah" thing. The surname inheriting is the main reason that we were accused, abandoned and KILLED. We fight it with being ourself, being individual, being REY, not being Skywalker. 1/2
Best of 2019 We’ve entered the Asian Century and there is no turning back  
Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs, US Department of Sate: Congratulations to General Bipin Rawat on his appointment as India’s first-ever Chief of Defence Staff. The position will help catalyze greater US-India 'joint' cooperation between our militaries. 
If courts hadn't blocked the citizenship question from appearing on 2020 census forms, it would've likely lowered self-response rates in parts of the U.S. where Asian residents make up between 5% and 20% of the population, a Census Bureau report found. 
To be clear, this crappy Asian Dad joke is my own... @AndrewYang, please do not RT... I repeat, PLEASE DO NOT RT!
Its ok to be white. Its ok to be black. Its ok to be Asian. Its ok to be Hispanic. Its ok to be gay. Its ok to be bisexual. Its ok to be straight. Its ok to be you. But its NEVER ok to think that there’s been a better Quarterback than Tom Brady.
it’s ok to be white. it’s ok to be black. it’s ok to be asian. it’s ok to be hispanic. it’s ok to be female. it’s ok to be male. it’s ok to be gay. it’s ok to be straight. it’s ok to be YOU. but it's NEVER okay to think NFL>NBA
I actually have to laugh at white leftists on here with  disregard on how this Asian woman literally copied Nayyirah Waheed, a Black poet and still refuses  on it. Not to mention I find it weird that you as a white woman ...  …
2019 amazing year for #SriLanka tourism! No:1 in @lonelyplanet Best Island by @TravelLeisure Top "Emerging Asian Travel Destination" Best warm-weather destination #VisitSriLanka  #LKA  
Sigh...yes, it's okay to be white, black, Asian, Hispanic, biracial, multiracial etc etc etc... Also, social media is NOT the real world, ok? Don't let it influence your thinking. It's okay to be smart. Demagogues from all sides use social media to prey on the mentally weak.  …
-the most Influential fashion icon 2019 -the most popular person of the year 2019 -one of the best girl group member -the most searched female idol of 2019 -super famous artist in China -the most prettiest Asian women and ranked no 3 in the world. 
Well, except if you’re Asian or of Muslim faith, obviously.  …
BC Trade has notified all Asian offices to shut immediately. A slap in the face to important partners, no plan to bridge relationships with our Chinese, Japanese,Indonesian,Filipino,Korean & Indian business partners.A small minded gov’t that continues to insult voters. #bcpoli
To my #YangGang brothers and sisters, if you ever wondered what it would be like to have Asian parents... 
#ItsOkayToBeWhite Its okay to be black Its okay to be Hispanic Its okay to be native American Its okay to be Arab Its okay to be Asian Its okay to be Aboriginal It's okay to be whatever race & ethnicity you were born. Anyone who attacks you for being so is a racist piece of shit.
// #ItsOkayToBeWhite It’s ok to be Black It’s ok to be Asian It’s ok to be Gay It’s ok to be Straight It’s ok to be Male It’s ok to be Female It’s ok to be NB It’s ok to be Trans However, it’s not ok to be hateful to others just because of race, appearance, gender, or sexuality. 
highlights of 2019 - tenlee_1001 - lucas_xx444 - nct u haechan - taeil on king of masked singer - doyoung on king of masked singer - nct dream we  (after 10 mos.) - nct dream show (1st concert!!) - dream x hrvy dnyl - taeyong long flight - wayv best new asian artist
Europeans, Africans and some part of Asian armys knowing they have to wake up or stay up after 00:00 new year to see BTS performance at Time square 
#ItsOkayToBeWhite but it is equally ok to be Black, Latino, Asian, of mixed heritage and any other race you identify yourself as.. IT IS NOT OK when you revel in being a racist though. We all bleed the same damned colour.
#Kyrgyzstan Central Asian country along the Silk Road, the ancient #trade route between #China and the #Mediterranean. The Tian Shan mountains, which surround the old caravan route and dominate the country, are home to snow leopards, lynx and sheep. #nature #animals 
#LISA28MPARTY on IG as of 2019.12.31 #LISA is the fastest celeb in K-ent industry to reach 28M followers in 1 year, 6 months, 15 days! No.1 among K-celebs No.1 among Thai celebs No.18 among Asian artists  #LALISA 
Asian girls before sending vns: "MY vOiCe sOuNdS DiFfErEnT RiGhT NoW BeCaUsE i GoT a CoLd" 
WHY DO PEOPLE THINK WE’re ASIAN  …
She was one of the first mainstream Asian actresses. Loved and looked up to her as a kid. Just beautiful and made me realize we were pretty too  …
[Kelly Marie Tran] broke barriers as the first Asian American woman to play a leading role in the Star Wars franchise, but the high-profile part also made her the target of a harassment campaign. via @BuzzFeedNews  …
quão cadelinha do rap feminino você é? cardi b megan thee stallion doja cat dreezy nicki minaj city girls lil kim dreamdoll remy ma saweetie asian doll queen key kash doll yung bb tate renni rucci stefflon don ms. banks lizzo
Can’t watch this without remembering how all y’all thought she was the nanny bc she’s Asian  …
“1st chinese male celeb on the cover of the Glass Men magazine UK” “1st asian male on the GQ male beauty portfolio” “1st chinese male artist on the cover of the Flaunt magazine” “1st artist ever to perform at Fendi fashion show at MFW” and that’s, just a little, on Jackson Wang. 
it’s better to make it yourself than to buy any pre-mixed tea, honestly. I’d shop for whole turmeric root + whole ginger root at latino/caribbean/asian markets if you have any around you. you can add in lemon, whole cinnamon, and star anise too.
One of the oddest things I’ve ever been asked... I’d love to be an Asian beauty but sadly I’m just a fair haired blue eyes one instead 
NEW: The now-blocked citizenship question would have been especially sensitive in certain areas with Latinx/Asian residents, noncitizens, & Spanish speakers who don't speak English very well, @uscensusbureau says in final report about its national  …
The New York City Council’s Black, Latino, and Asian Caucus stands in vehement opposition to religious, racial, or gender-based violence, and strongly condemns the acts of hatred that have been perpetrated against New York’s  
As a short ugly billionaire asexual Asian-French agnostic woman, my job as a teacher keeps me grounded at privilege 0
Voting when I can. So far, it isn’t giving me a hard time with captchas. Voting is Now Open for the Finals of ‘100 Asian Sweethearts 2019’ | Starmometer  …
'Kill This Love' was ranked on various end of year lists: @papermagazine #1 @PopCrush #1 @GQMagazine #9 @billboard #66 @SBSPopAsia #6 (Asian song) @SCMPNews #2 (K-pop) @Refinery29 #17 (K-pop) @billboard #21 (K-pop) Recognized  from US, UK, AUS, CHINA. That's 
Black person: I’m proud of being black. Liberals: Hispanic person: I’m proud of being Hispanic. Liberals: Asian person: I’m proud of being Asian. Liberals: White person: I’m proud of being white. Liberals: WTF NAZI! WHAT A BIGOT!
Asian (mainly Indian, Afghan & Pakistani) & Iraqi shia are some of the worst ive seen on twitter. As for Abu Bakr (ra) he is amongst those promised Jannah, may Allah raise us with him & may Allah reunite this kafirah & those who support her words with Iblis in Jahannam, ameen  …
Top US diplomat Mike Pompeo to raise Uygur issue with Beijing’s allies on  Central Asian tour  …
Harry Songs : Asian Preek American Preek WTF !!
In Asian culture, you only touch another person in this way, if they are a true friend. DJT and Kim are buddies. 
This Friday, THE @GRUDGEMovie reboot, from producers Sam Raimi and Robert Tapert, hits theaters. All this week, we'll take a look back at some of our favorite Asian horror movies, like the grandaddy of them all (and cover boy of Fango #1!) ... GOJIRA aka GODZILLA! 
y’all stop white washing olivia she’s lit rally asian
Government-run schools in Connecticut are turning down black and Hispanic students BECAUSE OF THEIR RACE. Their magnet schools are required to have at least 25% White & Asian students. Minority students are being shut out even if the school isn't full. This must stop.
Are you even asian if you dont have a black wok full of vegtable oil sitting in your oven
October: - Ended Asian leg of tour - Kicked off Australia/NZ leg of tour with Dan + Shay - Good Luck tattoo - Met quokkas - Epic Halloween show - Throwback posts with Aaliyah 
Talking about hurdles that Asian Americans face in getting into Ivy's. A student in my son's school--Math, Physics, and Coding Olympiad awards, skipped 3 grades in math, yet deferred at MIT. @arpitrage
A  study of the teeth of modern Asian people and prehistoric Denisovans refutes a previous claim that Asian populations may have inherited rare, three-rooted molars from extinct human relatives.  
Coloured a panel from  TENSION! "Through the lens of an Afro-Asian woman, TENSION takes the reader through experiences of dealing w/ societal 'norms' while learning to accept & love one’s own natural curly hair." Now available on my etsy!  
*Formed her own rugby team aged 14 *In her national team at 18 *Hailed by @asiarugby as the fastest player on the continent *Our first Asian award winner *Find out more about @RugbyIndia's Sweety Kumari, our international young player of the year  
The single way of both pleasing your Asian parents and going to prison:  …
If you were to make an Asian XI side for Twenty20s irrespective of politics, what will it be? You must have atleast one player from all Asian test nations. Rohit, Babar, Kohli (C), Rajapaksa, Mushfiqur (WK), Nabi, H Pandya, Rashid, Bumrah, Udana & Amir.
Kevin Feige has said that ‘SHANG-CHI AND THE LEGEND OF THE TEN RINGS’ has a 98% Asian cast. (Source:  
Hey, #WritingCommunity. Me and a few South Asian writers have made a group. We basically did this because a close friend really wanted to have a South Asian support group. Feel free to hit me up if you want to join. You can also contact @Redclaw38812660 for the same. Good luck!
Marvel's Shang-Chi Film's Cast Is Nearly Completely Asian  
I’m a 19 year old woman of color who left college to work for the first Asian American man to run for president as a Democrat. When the DNC refuses to #pollthepeople, they’re erasing my labor, my vote, and the experiences that led my worldview to align with  …
These Danish made 3.45MW majestic machines arrived in Sri Lanka. Danish wind turbine-maker Vestas announced that it has received an order from CEB to install a 104MW wind park in located Mannar, Srilanka. The wind power project is fully funded by Asian Development Bank. 
When I as a South Asian say I have problems with English Nationalism repackaged as patriotic nationalism. Please understand  by white lefties will not make me think yes you’ve changed my mind.
I will carry the audacity & grit of this smol nerdy Asian child into the 2020s. Believe.  …
Asian Twitter love wearing a bally in their avi and doing up internet beef
A futuristic/cyberpunk-ish interpretation of a Central Asian inspired Elven Ranger I drew about six months ago #dungeonsanddragons 
Feel heavily invested when  to Zidane Iqbal. Growing up, Asian lads were some of the best players at school, but they would never go for trials. It would be amazing if someone from that background  through. Even better it being at #mufc. Rooting for the 
Alcohol flushing syndrome (also known as Asian glow and Asian flush) is severe flushing and burning sensation with minimal alcohol consumption affecting 20% to 47% of individuals of East Asian descent. It is a genetic condition due to polymorphisms in al…  
Asian girl teaching a black guy an Armenian song 
Asian moms when you point out their faults. So instead of an actual apology or trying to fix the proboem, moms go whining like this: 
| 7 Home Goals Following the 7th Asian Star The Glory is BLUE #AlHilalVsAlAdalah 
Hey @drjenharvey, when is your talk on raising Black Kids? Brown Kids? Asian Kids? This effort to perpetuate white guilt is disgusting and insidious. People like this have a free pass to speak any time and any place, while conservatives can't speak without a riot. 
Marvel Studios’ SHANG-CHI AND THE LEGEND OF THE TEN RINGS Features Cast That Is “98 Percent” Asian  
23. #SEVENTEEN won a total of THREE daesangs: Album of The Year and Group of The Year at the Asian Music Festival in Shenzhen, and another Album of The Year daesang at the Asian Artist Awards in Vietnam. 
The first major Asian #StarWars character was seen for 76 seconds in #TheRiseOfSkywalker (via 
“Whats this whole trend with stock photos of asian people using technology idgi”  
I was showing Evan’s profile to my friend today because I was saying how he’s got funny memes and she immediately said “he looks like the asian guy from queer eye” Deadass.... cut the cameras. 
Best of 2019 This Asian country has the most ‘complex’ economy in the world  
Spicy Ginger Beef stir fry – tender beef sirloin with crispy ginger, green veg and a simple-but-tasty Chinese-inspired sauce.  … #stirfry #beef #Asian #recipe 
Disney Lucasfilm should stop lying, there was enough time for the white dude from LOTR but not enough for Tran who's in the trilogy since TLJ and the first Asian woman to have a proper role SW, uh?  …
When an asian twitter group chat win TL beef 
Asian spikes and fades : Get that crazy rich asian spiky hair and clean fades. This will give more attention to your facial features - tell your barber to use thinning shears for spikes and maintain at least 1.5 inches of hair for spikes. Maintain with water-based gel/ gel. 
ALSO: The NON-VOTING Delegates from U.S. Territories/etc include: GOP: 1 Asian/Pacific Islander Woman (Am. Samoa) Dem: 2 Black Women (DC, USVI); 1 Asian/Pacific Islander Man (Guam) 3rd Party: 1 Hispanic Woman (PR) Indy: 1 Asian/Pacific Islander Man (N. Mariana Islands)
One day they’ll realize that Asian American stories are just that. American stories. Asian audiences are not interested in our perspectives, experiences, and outlook. American audiences are.  …
“horny asian twitter finally got put in a spliff ”  
"hi hello annyeong" "how is the weather outside? it's sunny, raining no" "one hoe" "dumb and dumber" "dunkin donuts" "kpop asian mujic sinGeR?" "what's the genre of jealousy? kpop???" "BAKSU" kihyun cozinhando com uma caneta "haRry poTtEr" "if you like cucumber,I hate you" +  …
[Thread] On all the asian haircut I tried this year and what to tell your barber
Asian guys to their sister when they find out they’ve been with a black guy 
Its ok to be white. Its ok to be black. Its ok to be Asian. Its ok to be Hispanic. Its ok to be gay. Its ok to be bisexual. Its ok to be straight. Its ok to be you. But its NEVER ok to support the Atlanta Falcons Good morning!
this music video made me believe that jess glynne was asian for the LONGEST time  …
New flash to all Hispanic Americans The Democrats don‘t care about you New flash to all African Americans The Democrats don’t care about you New flash to all Asian Americans The Democrats don’t care about you They only care about having power over you #MondayMorning
asian parents left the conversation  …
You know that hidden inbox on messenger. Best keep it that way. Don’t go there... These are the treats that await. Someone having a go at me for being nice to Luciana Berger after she left Labour due to Anti-Semitism. Someone having a go at me for being Asian. Such fun. No really 
NO CAA-NO NRC-NO NPR WON’T SHOW PAPERS Here is a simple poster designed by a friend set for general use. Feel free to use these designs and texts. The phrase ‘Won’t Show Papers’ is written, in the following 22 South Asian languages (in alphabetical order). 
I'm delighted to announce that I'll be resident artist at Rimbun Dahan Southeast Asian Artists Residency, working on my graphic novel!  creator in this residency!! 
Lurking in the deep shade of some southeast Asian forests is a spectacular sedge that grows blue iridescent leaves. Investigations into the cause of this incredible coloration have revealed fascinating details  …
this japanese youtuber/dancer bought the #skechers shoes that ten, a thai member of the chinese group @WayV_official, endorses in moonwalk dance practice video ten, best asian influencer i think  …
I hate how the Brits say “sexually groomed” instead of “repeatedly raped children”. It’s inaccurate. Just like their related euphemism of “Asian” in place of “ Muslim”.  …
I want @LCFLondon to know Asian countries actually have no problem with design with #JapaneseRisingSun patterns. Even S.Korea had had no problem with #JapaneseRisingSun flag until around 2012. A S.Korean proves that  is a newly made-up one  
Over the next decade most of us will  parents. Let's be the turning point to be even better parents than traditional brown /asian are.  …
Larger, more dangerous Asian tiger mosquitoes grow in Baltimore zones with more vacant buildings  
this is how you age when you're asian  …
You want to worship my feet? Do you think your worthy enough? #QKR @tonybobo3 @rt_feet @rtfindom @DirkHooper @DommeDaily @dickievirgin @FemdomDaily @Femdom__World @FemdomDaily @FemDomFanatic @Oostwalum @DommesNation @Slave_for_asian 
-101 choose ur asian boys. 
Icing on the birthday cake for this girl is when she won the Bronze medal in this year’s Southeast Asian Games for beach volleyball. It was a good year for her and we just pray for more milestones to reach this 2020. Happy birthday, @dzigervacio! We love ü! 
Kevin Feige says #ShangChi features a cast that is '98% Asian' (via 
Kevin Feige says the cast for #ShangChi is 98% Asian [h/t 
Hong Kong will end 2019 with multiple protests planned for New Year's Eve and New Year's Day, all aimed at disrupting festivities and shopping in the Asian financial hub. 
BREAKING: #Jordan officially announces plans for a joint bid with neighbours #Iraq to host 2027 AFC Asian Cup. 
watching jamies money saving meals he is doing some tasty looking asian noodles but he using a Chinese lettuce -hang on a minute where the fcuk do you think I'm going to pick up a Chinese lettuce from? we lucky if the shops round ere have got any milk left never mind that crap
This event is for better education for children throughout Asian Countries. Wishing lots of your warm attentions. Thank Love Asia Team for having this event. I haven’t seen you for a long time. I’ll prepare well with excitement and happiness & I’ll try to show good performance
Congratulations to young stars of Pakistan in South Asian games #NBC 
In South asian countries Pakistan intruduce battery powered electric buses .... 
Should Asian times be banned ? Indians rise up against their liar-in-chief  …
Best of 2019 Why we're living in the 'Asian Century' @paragkhanna @WEFBookClub  
A fitting end to the year: A CM Roundtable on “Australianama: The South Asian Odyssey in Australia” (2019) by @SamiaKhatun, organized by  …
If Sarah G will not perform “Tala” in Asian TV Awards, it will be so boring.
Asian shares at 18-month highs; Nikkei finishes year up 18%  
An indepth analysis of the exemplary move by ⁦ @Naveen_Odisha⁩ to remove Biju Babu’s memorial from Swargadwar published in Asian Age. I worked for nearly 2-yrs in AA from 1999-2001  …
Maa- #TheGiftAlaala natin ang 2019 as 1 of @aldenrichards02’s best yrs. Box-office king, Asian Star Prize awardee or Asia’s Multimedia Star, siya ay OO din. To say that he was blessed is an understatement. Best part? I look up to him not bec of these. His kind heart i admire. 
i think "lalondes cant be asian" is the most absurd take of all given the fact that france colonized vietnam for the better part of a century
Marvel Studios’ SHANG-CHI AND THE LEGEND OF THE TEN RINGS Features Cast That Is “98 Percent” Asian  
In 2020 when we talk about Asian representation anywhere, I hope y'all let SEAsians + South Asians take up space in that conversation.
Shivani Paliwal and Maine Mendoza Fight for the Title ‘Ultimate Asian Sweetheart 2019’ 
Asian kids know this shit 
. @Casper you seem to be ok with using Asian Americans in your marketing. Did you know you sponsored a podcast that suppressed any mention of the first Asian American to make it to the top 6 in the DNC Primaries? Please ask @NateSilver538 what  …
What's youre favorite Jim/Dwight prank? This one ranks 2nd for me but theres no Asian Jim shirt so... 
It's gloomy outside but it still looks good in here hehe #QKR @tonybobo3 @rt_feet @rtfindom @DirkHooper @DommeDaily @dickievirgin @FemdomDaily @Femdom__World @FemdomDaily @FemDomFanatic @Oostwalum @DommesNation @Slave_for_asian 
2019 was full of highs with extreme lows but grateful for all the learning experiences it gave me -went vegan -got a B.A. in Multimedia Production and Asian American Studies -worked at Live Nation Entertainment -worked at The Walt Disney Company 2020 I’m ready for you 
. @indiaabroad published a letter by South Asian students in major U.S. universities demanding withdrawal of CAA and lifting blockade ofKashmir. a number of these are second generation students!!  …
Yeah this is not the experience of a straight Asian man on Twitter. Or the internet generally. Or life, really. Gotta be mindful about how different the racial experience is based on other factors like gender, age, sexual orientation etc...  …
Its ok to be white. Its ok to be black. Its ok to be Asian. Its ok to be Hispanic. Its ok to be gay. Its ok to be bisexual. Its ok to be straight. Its ok to be you. But its NEVER ok to think that Khalil Mack is better than Von Miller
i was the only asian at a high school dance party one time and then gangnam style started playing and i wasn't even going to dance but those mfers CLEARED THE FLOOR for me man
Who will be the Ultimate Asian Sweetheart of 2019? #ShivaniPaliwal of India and #MaineMendoza of the Philippines are in a tight race for no. 1! We are now down to the last 24 hours. Visit  to cast your vote. 
Birds of Prey has so much going for it. Margot Robbie as producer AND Harley Quinn, the rest of the amazing cast and crew, an Asian female director, an R rating, and an origin story, to introduce us to the badass women that are destined to  the Birds of Prey. 
I’m going to bed, little pups, but that doesn’t mean you’ve lost chances to $erve. Last night’s random assortment of Asian food was $40 after delivery, tax, and tip. Tonight’s dinner was $20. Let’s see where the good pups are at. #reimburse {findom findomme FinD 
Asian BKChat would be too funny
This thread was praised, but let Young Jeezy post a pic with that asian woman lmao.  …
My boyfriend just tried to tell me that Gina Rodriguez is the WOC Scarlett Johansson as if Scarlett Johansson isn’t a beautiful Asian woman of color
Girl I’m Asian and Hispanic I’m not unseasoned calm down my parents aren’t racist
Asian shares down from 18-month top; oil steady after U.S. strikes  
UPS kids going to Hilltop and Lakewood for good Mexican/Asian food  …
September: - Got his driver’s license - Sold out headlining stadium show at Rogers Centre - Roots partnership - THE Instagram video - Aaliyah’s birthday - Climate strike - Iggy Azalea’s Señorita streaming party - Studio sessions - Kicked off Asian leg of tour 
SBS PopAsia made a list of Top 100 Asian Pop Songs of 2019 which is a diverse list of best pop songs around asia that came out from January 1st to December 18th of 2019. Astro's All Night was at rank #42. Congratulations to @offclASTRO 
RubberBiKER_tied_up #shibaribondage #ropebondage #ropebunny #art #sgboy #asian #asianboys #muscle #asianmuscle #gear365 #asianmodels #asianmen #sgboys #hotasianguys #sgmen #breathcontrol #noair #latexbondage #rubberfetish #rubberman #biker #klcc #gagged 
As an asian, my parents would've slapped me for asking the last question  …
Obrien doesn't even know that in Asian families the family  first. Maybe he should take a State Dept. Course in foreign language & culture.
asian guys after break ups be like 1. Filipino Dudes 2. Korean dudes 3. Chinese dudes 4. Japanese dudes 
Curse you white supremacists and your theories of Jewish and Asian supremacy! Curse you to hell!
i want someone to love me as much as asian boys love dbe
DID YOU KNOW? These Asian stars all previously appeared at the #AFCU23 Who will be the famous alumni from Thailand 2020? 
Anti-Black racism is very prevalent in the South  and this is just one example. It's time South Asians confront our entitlement to Black culture, by @himabatavia  …
I always wonder if I’m “POC enough” to call myself a POC. Half-POC? I feel like being mixed race is it’s own bag of insanity in a way. I remember my first year of uni not being white enough for the white folks and not Asian enough for the Asian ones.
After quietly supplying coffee addicts their daily fix for decades, Vietnam is preparing to take on Nestle and its Asian rivals to reach them faster 
11 Asian  who killed it this year — and need to be on your 2020 radar 
My wish for 2020 is for people to stop viewing others as black, white, Asian, male, female, trans, gay, straight and just treat them as what we all are: HUMAN.
I’m reading a history of Asians in Britain and it’s astonishing how history repeats itself. The Asian MP candidate, Ghose, who stood in Deptford in 1885 and lost by 367 votes to the Tory candidate. The right wing press whipped up a storm against him as an “Asiatic foreigner”
Love this section of the interview with Ocean Vuong and how the stereotypes of Asian American artists are merely “fine-tuned instruments” to serve euro-centric (WHITE) vision. 
Uno what I’ve noticed asian twitter are acc sheep’s. They go for the majority opinion and love jumping on the bandwagon. Once they see hate they can’t think for themselves and back the hate. I’ve acc seen this with my own eyes. Anything someone does is wet to them
how similar are we? 10%-girl 10%-asian 10%-Belieber 10%-straight hair 10%-loves taking selfies 10%-fav app is Snapchat 10%-likes red lipstick 10%-wants to be Famous 10%-fav album is thank you next 10%-never been to a concert
To all my mixed non-Hawaiian asian friends, please don’t ever call yourself “hapa”. It’s a Hawaiian word and if you’re using it to describe yourself you’re either falsely claiming native ancestry or stripping the word of its meaning. If you ain’t kānaka, you ain’t hapa.
My man gotta have an appetite for real Asian food bro, authentic southeast Asian food not that fake ass Americanized Chinese food.
I Draw new OCs! I present to you twins Aleena and Aleane. For them I was inspired by a certain video of two Asian artists, their air dance routine seemed beautiful to me. 
#Badmash: @IssaRae to produce Bollywood  noir' with a South Asian ensemble cast  
she really is the asian cardi b 
I feel sorry for the Sexy Asian Girls in my area who must be seeing reciprocating adverts saying "Overweight Middle-Aged White Guys in your area"
. @TXT_members 'CROWN' on 2019 Year-End Lists #1 — @Refinery29's The best K-Pop songs of 2019 #1 — @BritishGQ's The best K-pop song of 2019 #9 — @PopCrush's The 25 best songs of 2019 #25 — @SBSPopAsia's Top 100 Asian pop songs of 2019 
Asian twitter are the most desperate and horny people on here Lmao  …
Still unclear why ALAB member @wyatt_privilege was blocked by Monica Rial, but it was probably for pointing out the time her fiancé Ron Toye went ham on some PF Chang’s employees for not recognizing her as an anime hero of Asian culture. We apologize 
“The opposite of Donald Trump is an Asian Man who loves MATH” I got Trump a couple of times. #yanggang this campaign is so much fun, evolving everyday by the minute, so organic, beyond my imagination. Let have “more fun” and win this thing shocking the 
Asian twitter working together to tweet song lyrics 
its mad how asian twitter only jumps when it's a girl that moves a bit mad on the tl
Bernie's policies can just be bullet points An Asian man can put forth over a 100 detailed policies, a book and dozens of podcasts explaining those policies but it's still not good enough.
Certainly been an amazing decade! Would add @TheMatildas winning the 2010 Asian Cup, our first AFC silverware, claiming two Asian Cup silver medals and reaching the FIFA top 5 to the list of massive achievements for 
. @TXT_members 'Run Away' on 2019 Year-End Lists #2 — @Dazed's The 20 best K-pop songs of 2019 #4 — @billboard's The 25 best K-pop songs of 2019: Critics' Picks #9 — @SCMPNews' The 10 best K-pop songs of 2019 #16 — @SBSPopAsia's Top 100 Asian pop songs of 2019 
okay but asian doll made several points when she said as long as there’s a rich chigga, there will be an asian doll aldbknsjsjs  …
Just an observation about my 14 hour stay in A&E yesterday... Majority of patients I saw were white elderly, I saw one Asian family with an elderly relative Majority of staff I saw were BAME, the majority of staff my son saw was equal white British/BAME
Not merely the best, but the most representative. Recall that this man was denounced at the time as a racist misogynist who had married an Asian woman because he thought she would be submissive, and abandoned her to raise their children alone. That was what people got from this.  …
One of the hate crime spikes in NYC ? Is against working class Asian ( Chinese / Vietnamese ) service delivery people. After Black Diasporic immigrants? The largest group targeted for deportation ? are Cambodians
I think it’s so beautiful how asian couples help each other in disabled toilets. Really shows the care.
Its ok to be white. Its ok to be black. Its ok to be Asian. Its ok to be Hispanic. Its ok to be gay. Its ok to be bisexual. Its ok to be straight. Its ok to be you. But its NEVER ok to think that there’s a better running back than Christian McCaffrey
Lmao Asian Doll, Cuban Doll and Mulatto are all tasteless names frfr
TO MY CO-SOUTHEAST ASIAN ARMYs, WHO'S WAITING FOR JUNGKOOK AND JIMIN TO DROP THEIR BIRTHDAY GREETINGS FOR TAEHYUNG... I SALUTE Y'ALL MGA PUYATERS WE RIDE AT DAWN!!! #HappyBirthdayTaehyung #BornToVLoved #happyVDay 
More pictures from PEC of the boys and I (And @rainPUBGM’s failed Asian heart finger sign gg)  – at Qujiang int'l Conf. & Exhi. Center 曲江国际会展中心
Asian shop owners who follow black customers in stores do that for the same reason they exploit trafficked SE Asian workers, all while trumpeting the survival of their "small business" as the pinnacle of American Dream: they're the reactionaries driven from home by revolution
southeast asian swifties know it best  …
The trope that Asians are better at math is white supremacist. It flattens the category Asian to focus primarily on Chinese, Japanese and Korean educated citizens to make anti Black biological arguments that attempt to ignore social institutions and justify white supremacy  …
Ladies U Gotta Let Them Run Train For Asian Solidarity.
if you really deep it Joe from You is basically an asian guy, looks at any girl he finds remotely attractive and next thing uno hes fallen in love
If you only want better treatment/killing methods for dogs & cats in Asian countries, please choose which of these standard & "humane" western methods of killing animals would you prefer to be used for dogs & cats. #SundayMorning #Dogs #Cats #egg #cheese 
The influence not hip hop and black culture has been everywhere that’s why breakdancing and street ware is so huge in Asian contrives
UDPATE: OK, I've added Native American/Alaskan (4 total) and Asian/Pacific Islander (13). Several members fall into multiple categories, of course...Rep. Bobby Scott is a member of the CBC but is also Filipino by birth, etc.) 
Nicki calling Asian Doll & Kash Doll on Queen Radio to end the sibling beef 
Was asked today whether I considered myself more British or Asian in an interview Strange question I am most definitely EQUAL parts both Love straddling both cultures, having friends and family from both sides and enjoying everything there is to enjoy about being part of both
omg  on this earlier in my rewatch and someone got confused but the fire nation definitely takes after china & a few southeast asian countries in terms of aesthetic. the whole "imperialist and technologically advanced island nation" narrative stood out to me tho
Its ok to be white. Its ok to be black. Its ok to be Asian. Its ok to be Hispanic. Its ok to be a female. Its ok to be a male. Its ok to be gay. Its ok to be bisexual. Its ok to be straight. Its ok to be you. BUT IS NEVER OKAY TO ROOT AGAINST YOUR TEAM FOR A DRAFT PICK
Financial crisis results from either a currency peg ie fixing the exchange rate, like in the Asian crisis of 1997 , OR a banking crisis like in Cyprus, OR a sovereign debt crisis like Greece . In Lebanon we are facing the three crisis together.Unprecended in my experience.
And what it wrong with Got7 solding out a stadium twice in an asian country ? Lol thai ahgases snapped that's why you're mad. I understand that you have nothing to say after those receipts. Don't play with someone in their country.  …
They say if they can't get white women, they'll just go to SEA countries, usually Philippines and Thai, easy pussy. If they're 5/10 in europe, in asia they'll be 7/10, in SEA 8/10. And seeing how asian women loves them, I believe what they said
Boleh je nak mat salleh....but I just wanna say, I've surfed 4chan and 8ch. I've joined White Supremacist forums for the lol. And boy....you don't wanna know what they say about Asian women, especially south east asians.  …
CM Shri @sarbanandsonwal presented Chief Minister's Special Sports Award to medal winners of South Asian Games, 2019-20 and cash award to medal winners under Assam Govt's Integrated Sports Policy at Sarusajai, Guwahati. 
Remember when that Tory MP made a big show of some 'Asian singles' advert appearing on the Labour Party website before it was explained to him that the adverts are generated based on his browsing history?
this year, “Haru To Shura” on vinyl was released from @SpcfcRecordings in France, i did my 1st Asian & European tour, recorded new songs, and cried and laughed many times !! thank all of you for finding me in the music i’ll release new one titled ‘Fanfare’ on 10th Jan, 2020 !!  …
Daisy Johnson: The first inhuman in the MCU The first lead Asian superhero She deserves better #QuakeForMoreMCU 
I am 66 and don't remember any grooming gangs when I was young, it's only  prevalent since we had a large amount of Asian immigrants, especially Pakistani Muslims. These people send a shiver down my spine!
After quietly supplying coffee addicts their daily fix for decades, Vietnam is preparing to take on Nestle and its Asian rivals to reach them faster 
i think salirum who iu replied to was one of the reason why iu added more asian countries in her tour everybody say thank you miss salirum
I’m very humbled that DG ISPR Asif Ghafoor appreciates my and my peers’ efforts to ceaselessly share the truth about South Asian affairs, we will never let the #ModiMob intimidate us into self-censoring our  …
[Thread] { @tiffanyyoung 's 2019 REWIND} Tiffany Young really established herself as an all rounded and legendary artist.She did countless wonderful things & break records after record as an Asian American Artist & Kpop Female Soloist. Lets us take a look back of her amazing 2019 
The most Asian thing in the world is not just saying this food is healthy but to say it cures your blood, improves your eyesight and prevents cancers. Like mom thanks I’m sure onions are good for me but let’s settle down here
10 years does wonders. The love I give to others has stayed the same but I have finally given that same love to myself. I was a closeted Asian gay guy who had never experienced love out of fear of what it would cause. Now I’m a man who steps into a room and knows his worth. #2020 
I was racist because I was a white guy playing an Asian character on telly.  …
What's the difference between inside and outside asia? Do you think western countries are more relevant than asian countries? uLOL!!! 
It will be somewhat  in Asian markets, but can be expected to be quite negative in Western markets.  …
Where is our Home Secretary Priti Patel ? What is she doing about the invasion of illegals from France apart from helping them enter this country illegally? Two Asian Home Secretaries a boom in illegal migrants and no action taken by them. This is a scandal....
Asians are literally the 3rd most underrepresented characters of color next to indigenous ppl (most underrepresented) and latine people (second most underrepresented). Go ahead. Name 1 asian character. Yeah. Make more asian characters
Wanna know why Asian people don’t call each other names like g**k or ch**k? We don’t want to normalize it. And it works. You rarely hear them used in public.
Anyone else consistently getting into foreign lobbies? Or am I the only one playing against Olympic Asian teams every game?  …
this blew up a bit hope y'all get to watch these amazing south east asian (and a few middle eastern still trying to get into that area of cinema) i'd  waiting for some films at our microcinemas (76, centenario, black maria, cine adarna)
CW discussion of racist writing COMMODITIES. Guess who else has been  Mmhmm. 'Almond eyes' is often used to describe Asian eyes. There are over 50 Asian countries w/even more diverse physical make up in those countries. The description is 1. Racist 2. Factually+
#AutisticPeopleCan -be adults -be self diagnosed -be Black, Latinx, Asian, Indigenous or multiracial -be girls or women -be trans or non-binary
in HS my friends and I assigned one another spirit animals bc we didn’t realize it was racist, and I was a panda based solely on my small eyes that make me look possibly Asian, which was also racist but we were just learning not to call each other gay or r***** so yikes
⇲ @Jungkook__China’s Ad of his achievements was seen by #정국 ⇲ #JUNGKOOK was claimed as the one of the Asian Stars with the Most Influence on Fashion Industry by one of the largest newspapers in Vietnam. ⇲ ‘Euphoria’ Trended in Korea after #정국 sang it during 
A sketch of Jama Masjid, Delhi by an Australian born British painter Mortimer Menpes C 1905 with title "The Jumna Masjid" He left behind 700 paintings & traveled across Middle East, South Asia, Europe & East Asian countries Source:  … #mosquesofIndia 
India’s young chess champions Almost two decades ago at our home in Tehran, where  at the Asian Juniors How many can you recognize @ChessbaseIndia  
Anyway, Larry Hama kicks ass and  kick ass. He's a hugely important figure for Asian-American representation  books, and helped create a cultural phenomenon which in turn made another cultural phenomenon happen. In short, we stan. 
y’all worried about these prescription bottle lashes a lil too much that nobody ain’t say a word about yalls fav edgy asian  for a black trans woman but aight 
Asian Paints in year 2000 was a market leader with 45% market share. Today also it is the market leader with 55%+ market share. The market as well as the share of Asian Paints grew over the years. SCALE MATTERS!!
If Scarjo can snatch asian roles then Jeongyeon can snatch a white role  …
Went to Hangzhou and had an exhibition at the Asian Design Management Forum –– we made an evil projection-mapped sculpture inspired by the Bismuth Crystal... What should we call this thing ? + @philreyneri and 
The shrimp children shaming Baby Yoda out of eating a frog makes him canonically Asian American, I’m sorry I am not taking any questions at this time
watch out all non Asian cosplayers, anime tattoo artists and kpop fans!!!! u are under arrest and will be harassed via instagram by strangers for your your inability to be fake woke !!!!!1! 
Disney created an escaped slave who gets beaten by the first white person he meets in TFA, tazed by the first Asian he meets in TLJ and then arrested over a parking violation before being denied the opportunity to save the Resistance, and then gets totally underused in TROS. 
I want to know who decided that using "bodies" as a term was the PC/"progressive" thing to do. Like... "black bodies", "Keltick bodies" and "asian bodies" used to refer to people just sounds so fucking dehumanizing and gross. 
I’m aware it’s supposed to be strictly CBMM and have 0 SBMM. Quickplay wasn’t originally supposed to have 0 SBMM. But something is definitely not working correctly. Most of my matches I’m in Asian lobbies. Most of my matches have some of the best players. Try it out
Southwest Florida Winter 2019 Power Rankings! 1. @MyranSSB 2. @Uncivilninja 3. @AkashicGaming 4. @1Yayyy 5. @Yaboii_Zeus 6. @swflcor 7. @Monthu11 8. @ImAlwaysRusty 9. @ElCronic 10. @Frostehy1001 Design by @imChemX Photos by @Foxy_Asian Full size  
Deccan Chronicle and Asian Age newspapers shutting shop? Huge debt keeping buyers away?  … via @PGurus1
Tryna have a regular ass convo with my asian parents at the dinner table without setting off an argument about why I’m not married or I don’t have kids or I dont only drink warm water instead of iced 
After quietly supplying coffee addicts their daily fix for decades, Vietnam is preparing to take on Nestle and its Asian rivals to reach them faster  …
LISTEN TO THIS EVIL BEAST! RT THIS POST Everyone much hear it and be out r Ged at this... Imaging this being against a black man, a Hispanic man or an Asian man or any Muslim or minority!!! This person would be bashed on the streets and call for him to step down!  …
Kathy Zhu embodies the flaws of even the model minorities. She will throw her weight behind every Asian candidate and bashes the alt right for expressing ethnic self interest, the same self interest ethnic outsiders demonstrate in their actions and voting patterns every day.
Dear Asian Americans: Please for-the-love-of-god stop calling yourself hapa unless you're Hawaiian/Kanaka Maoli You won't believe how many asian authors I've unfollowed bc they have "hapa" in their bio Ur literally erasing Hawaiians from their own language. How fucked is that.
Asian parents expect their kids to be honest but they don't respect the kids' honesty, instead they use the excuse "just tell me I won't be mad" just to bail kids out and still be mad, even hitting them. Now they blame their kids for being so secretive and dishonest.  …
2 years ago- Me: hey I’m investing in Crypto My Asian Friend: yeah, that’s cool ima invest in karate lessons for my son Me: It could be worth a lot in 10 yrs Current Day- My Asian Friend: so, uh...how’s your crypto doin bruh? 
Anyways stan the first asian superhero in the mcu #NoQuakeRecast 
#EconAdvice "Racism & discrimination against Asian economists is under-addressed/discussed issue. We're subjected to vicious stereotypes, homogenization, microaggressions on our cultures, perceived as "uncreative" that hurt our professional  How do we end this racism?"
Trumpkin: immigrants will vote for socialism! Bernie bros: immigrants will vote for socialism! me: how about we have a wild evening where we invite a bunch of Asian and Hispanic immigrants over and  destroy everyone's political fantasies
Daisy Johnson: - First MCU Asian Superhero - First MCU woman with powers - Has been in every episode of AOS - Is powerful enough to break the earth And y’all still sleeping on her? Chloe Bennet needs to be brought BACK in the future. #NoQuakeRecast #QuakeForMoreMCU 
Beijing is in late stages of negotiations for Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership,a deal that would tie China,India,Japan,South Korea, Australia,New Zealand &10 Association of Southeast Asian Nations members into the world’s largest trade bloc. United States is left out!
Official announcement that I need to be cast as Asian icon, Claudia Kishi, in the impending Babysitters Club reboot! 
He should pay US to watch them, like who wants to sit through all that?
If you are not asian and you do ahegao just block me now because you literally are disgusting if you can read the following and still continue. $end if you've contributed to non asian ahegao. Findom FindomBrat FinD FinS sellingnudes cashbrat paypig  
if espenode says im asian again i might karate chop his dick off
I'd like to know a lot more about this. It would be one of the most progressive actions by any Asian government, looking at you #Taiwan and @iingwen, what you reckon @WilliamYang120  …
Why do Asian patents think that your phone is the root cause of everything going wrong in your life
My (non-academic) family actually asked me to present my article-in-progress on Asian-Indigenous relationalities through Avatar: The Last Airbender! We recently rewatched the show They asked great questions esp about Asian Indigeneity. Grateful for my supportive, nerdy family
people read one (1) article about china from a western media source and think they know everything about the whole asian continent lol
Man that asian twitter place is the ghetto
We heard back from our diy smokeless powder friend. He was able to make this in an oppressive Asian country, and sometime in the near future a guide will be available to everyone. #DIY #9mm #FuckGunControl 
bro im asian i think thats hella cool bro azn pride hahaah swagapino lolz
i know ur not out here telling an asian woman that washing rice isn’t a thing LMFAO  …
They really made the greedy Trade Federation aliens have fake Asian-esque accents and gave them slanted pupils, wow...okay...  
After quietly supplying coffee addicts their daily fix for decades, Vietnam is preparing to take on Nestle and its Asian rivals to reach them faster 
31. Always Be My Maybe. Isn’t wonderful to see old friends grow up, glow up, and assemble a dream team and make the Asian American romcom we never realized we always wanted? Randall Park and Ali Wong did that.
May I introduce @Cosmos_Spl @CoolDude_Splat aka the female @Just_SnipeZ aka crazy sendou fan @Espress_spl bts member @Icarus_Splat the asian @ItsSpid the dad
I left a girl my number at Oni ramen and she never texted me ... Cute asian girls are not the move anymore
