FTC-2000G has secured its first export order; South East Asian customer -  
The amount of gaslighting happening here is astonishing. It’s plainly racist and feeding an already dangerous atmosphere for Asian Americans. The propaganda machine hard at work for the .
I’d keep my shit opinions to myself if I looked like an Asian Johnny bravo.  …
to all my Asian and African aunties no one is doing Juju on your child your child is DEPRESSED, stop using spices to take off evil eye and TALK to them
With both parties collaborating to destroy the US-China relationship, our chances of beating this pandemic grow smaller, and the risk to Chinese and other Asian diasporas grows larger, the risk of war grows larger. The Democrats are helping the GOP doom us all
To asian twitter who forget their Muslim morals 
am I the only asian who hasn’t been involved in TL beef? good to be unproblematic
The asian XI front 2 
This PAC @American_Bridge is funded by Democratic Party donors and labor unions and now they are collaborating with Republicans to build the "blame China" narrative that is threatening people of Asian descent in this country  …
There is a lot of discourse right now re : black & Asian nhs workers dying on the front line & these are the thoughts of a frustrated front line worker. 
Asian Americans have to speak up because this is perhaps one of the scariest moments in our lives. When 22 million Americans lose their jobs every month and people believe that those who look like us are to blame, we will be the first to suffer the consequences of a revolution.
5) Biriyani - this doesn’t even need any further explanation other than… Swahili biriyani >>> Asian biriyani 
A white guy tried to run me over with his car way back before shelter-in-place was even a thought here, because terrorizing Asian folks because of this virus was a thing long before we all started feeling trapped
Asian girls after seeing this:  
This is..Yellow Peril material and I can only imagine how this will contribute to the continued violent attacks on Asian ppl with ads that scapegoat China and mention tens of thousands of Chinese ppl ‘let into’ the US with implications they are a foreign contagion. Awful ppl
Let's see, if I was inclined to vote, I'm going to have to decide which sinophobe I like better, Trump or Biden. It's a bad ad, and more than that, morally appalling, putting more Asian Americans at risk for hate crimes. Biden's advisor spoke favorably of China in late January.
a fuckin asian barbie pretty face perfect body 
If you could end Covid-19 by sacrificing a group of twitter, which group would you choose and why would it be asian twitter?
WTF? Biden is trying to outdo Trump in #COVID19 China-bashing. So, we're good with bipartisan anti-Asian hysteria now? There are so many ways that the Trump administration failed in this crisis... but this is what Biden is going with.  …
Stay at home Wash your hands Don’t use racist rhetoric It takes all of us working together to stop the #coronavirus and the rising hate against Asian Americans. Make sure you’re doing your part to keep  safe and say 
Easter is also very important to white and Asian Christians is it not?
The association of Chinese/Asian bodies with disease in America has long preceded COVID-19. Before Angel Island became a notorious immigration station, it housed a quarantine station where--you guessed it--Chinese/Japanese immigrants were vetted for diseases. 
gathering and spreading the virus... but run away when they see an asian person bc they don’t wanna catch it.. sounds about white  …
Given the recent rise in violence against Americans if Asian descent, I think this is dangerous. I'm not impressed at all.
Good morning! Using the tangzhong method, I managed to make Sweet Asian Buns after 2nd try haha.. its fluffeh! Here is recipe and method:  
I don't know about that. Asian-Americans are already targets of hate & violence because of trump's rhetoric. In this ad, China & trump are both villains. This just feels like we're adding fuel to the fire.  …
Thanks Plan A on @medium esp @aesthdistance1 who is always a champion for Asian American literature  …
so in addition to being morally bankrupt you’re tossing in logically bankrupt too. This might be surprising but it’s possible to highlight Trump’s murderous malignancy without being racist and inciting Cold War rhetoric that further endangers Asian ppl already victim to attacks
Someone said :“ it’s normal that you look good, you’re caucasian after all” I just wanna let y’all know, I’m Asian, fully Asian, Chinese chingchonglinglong lingling 谢谢
Notice how pizza places are still open and thriving while most asian restaurants have been put out of business 
now why do people suddenly want "bella hadid" or "foxy" eyes... you mean the eyes you guys mocked asian people for having???
Hi alright I’m already bored with this I just wanted to see how much hype a straight asian dom would get and y’all... :| anyways here’s me if you followed thinking I was actually Ian I dunno what to say maybe look at people’s media tabs <3 
Meet 'Divine Bird' Feifei! Feifei will be the mascot for the next Asian Para Games in 2022.  
asian boys will go on and on about racism towards asians bc of coronavirus then next thing u know they’re saying the n word with their whole chest ... you hate to see it
my little asian shelf is looking good 
It’s a shame that the CDC and DoJ aren’t doing much to help. They helped to diffuse the situation during the SARS outbreak & after 9/11 but no such plans have been drafted for COVID19. We must protect  from racist & xenophobia.  …
The economic crisis caused by Covid-19 has hit Southeast Asia harder than any economic shock since the 1997-98 Asian Financial Crisis.  …
it has always been true that stans care less about CA when  to black folks and be the same ones calling braids "plats" but then want us to turn around and fight for  east asian political issue.
Asian girls in asian attire >>>>  …
Tryna see something Name me the top black ballers to ever play in the Prem vs Asian ones.  …
hi, everyone! since this blew up, please: -practice safe social distancing -resist the urge to resume business-as-usual prematurely -check on your Asian-American neighbors and defend them from bigotry and violence -stop making worse versions of this same joke in my replies
Nah i have to speak cause I’m tired of y’all hoes but it’s very funny how y’all will be so loud about that necklace situation which wasn’t CA but are MUTEEEE on the anti blackness within the  and Asian cultures in general. All kinda said was keep the same energy  …
INTERNATIONAL SUNKISSED ASIAN PETITE DISCIPLINARIAN -A discerning plaything like you seek for your mind to be liberated -To serve an alpha feminine muse with an alternative kink lifestyle Take your first step & be part of Her virtual stable here  
Somalia+Asian twitter playing against PnP merchants 
mk playing for the asian team  
I hate tweets like “I think asian men are attractive” like thanks for not being racist and thinking we’re all ugly???
We recognise there is a link between being black, Asian or minority ethnic & COVID-19 deaths, especially for healthcare workers. We await further evidence & despite Windrush fears, encourage our  to please keep using A&E. We want you to get treatment & stay safe.
Black folks, the Navajo nation, Latinos, Asian-Americans... we are being hit hardest by #coronavirus. No, the virus is not racist, but the national response to the virus is. #COVID19 is the virus. Racism is the  …
“The president is stoking anti-Asian sentiment by blaming China for the virus, and it’s encouraging a climate of hate crimes, a climate of suspicion and fear.” - Our @amarHoboken in 
Then go live in China, where there's Asian people with guns.  …
Black people can choose Black neighborhoods, Brown people can choose Brown neighborhoods, Asian people can choose Asian neighborhoods, And that's all because "Diversity" is NOT forced upon Black, Brown, or Asian neighborhoods "Diversity" means ALL Whites must be CHASED DOWN  
Personally I don't really mind the 'D4NNY twitter' jokes but undermining my football opinions by saying 'you're asian' is a bit too far
No one is to blame for COVID-19. It’s unacceptable to discriminate against Asian New Yorkers ever and especially not when we all need to support each other. If you experience or witness bigotry, report it.  
They're the biggest group in the world and most relevant asian act of all time what do y'all expect? @BTS_twt living 
Petter Coffin is a failed  turned "Breadtube" grifter who got exposed for faking his own Japanese girlfriend (to get away with calling an Asian woman slurs) and worked for alt-right grifter Ian Miles Cheong who was involved with Gamergate.  
yall really staying quiet and letting that asian edgar say the n word freely and use music lyrics as his excuse
rice cause I’m asian
1/2) Ancient pandemics should drive independent sweeps starting at the same time. This is the case at COVID-19 interacting genes with two sharp sweeps bursts ~350 and 900 generations ago in East Asian pops. Pink: sweeps at COVID-19 interacting genes. Blue: all sweeps in genome.  
hi, i’m leah! ~ 19 asian/white she/her bisexual switch open me for onlyfans, price menu, 24 hour experience packs, adopt-a-bill, amazon wishlist and bdsm test! (rt to be mutuals + if you wanna support me ) 
Asian-American groups explain how affirmative action hurts their college apps 
Asian girls are underrated 
asian men who live in the suburbs love to act hard by flexing the n-word man do better
How is being 'Asian' relevant to your knowledge on football  …
You’re Asian and 17 bro. What do you know about Football  …
In 324 BC 30,000 Asian infantrymen joined Alexander the Great's army. Since 327 BC veteran Macedonian instructors had trained these youths to fight in the Macedonian manner. Alexander labelled them his 'epigoni'. He intended them to be his main infantry force on future campaigns 
Heung-Min Son: First-Ever Asian Player To Score 50+ Premier League Goals. 5th All-Time Premier League Goalscorer For Tottenham Hotspur. 2019/2020: 16 Goals & 8 Assists In All Competitions (24 Involvements). South-Korean King #THFC 
Imagine getting beat up by a asian
NAMJOON VERSE: “European, Asian, Caucasian girls “ BLACK ARMYS: y’all hear sumn? 
one of yall is still saying the n word in 2020 as an asian like cmon man not to mention the shady shit u do w girls smh
"Despite the rise in diversity in Young Adult literature...there’s still a dearth of stories starring strong Asian males. The Perfect Escape provides readers an entertaining story with an Asian male teen as the leading protagonist." Thanks  …
Our  is hurting. They are facing violence, attacks and discrimination. It’s not only disgusting, it’s ILLEGAL. Please report any incidents immediately, no immigration status questions asked. We will arrest and prosecute to the fullest extent of the law.  …
Oh my GOD South Asian girls r so PRETTY. The RANGEEEEEEEEE.
Ew the girl who did Kia like that is black see this is what happens when you’re so blinded by putting another group down and getting Asian validation that you stop giving a fuck about the real problems and drag the ppl who are actually fighting for you
what they hoped: white people what they got: some black and asian people mixed in I especially love anyone citing Bakunin positively, when his "critique" of Marxism was just plain antisemitism 
Staggering, time this was acted upon. British-Pakistani researchers say 84% of grooming gang members are Asian: 'It's very important we talk about it' | The Independent  …
the way i just know im gonna spend the rest of my life loving asian Men 
If I were a racist I'd not have two men of colour who adopted me as their very much-loved 'brother'. If I were racist, I'd not have a spouse who is racially South-East Asian. To be honest, I never see race first — I always see personality and character first. 2 of 2
Asian Girls in Asian clothing is way more attractive than them in western clothing
34.5% of #coronavirus patients in critical care were black, Asian or from an ethnic minority. Yet we are only 13% of the general population. And every one of the 14 doctors who have died so far is from an ethnic minority 
As the world endures the deadly #covid19 pandemic, a positive for Africa's outlook has to be the extremely low median age for many countries on the  to the very old European & Asian countries .... 
On the next @Majlis_Podcast I join @AruukeUran @Tohir74 @BrucePannier, #DamelyaAitkhozhina to discuss how growing #COVID19 cases in #Russia has been affecting millions of Central Asian migrant workers there, stay tuned!
i just wanna fully bleach my entire head again without my hair dying is it too much to ask for? #daily #kiyocosplay #sarahthursday #goth #asian #asiangirls — by sarahthursday by @lostdumplings 
An overview of #apps and #technology being deployed in #Asian for #COVID19 surveillance, #contacttracing and #quarantine enforcement #digitalhealth #HealthTech #iot #COVID @IrmaRaste @jeffkagan @evankirstel #surveillance #privacy #Smartphones #Coronavirus 
4,000 Covid-19 cases linked to Jamaat But India isn’t the only one Tablighi Jamaat workers are the country’s virus super spreaders Not only in India But in several south Asian & South-East Asian countries having caused upto 3,000 cases & counting  …
Imagine if Obama's cabinet had been thirteen Black men, one Black woman, one Asian woman and a token White dude.
me to asian aunties telling me to eat more 
“The Kids Aren’t All White: Black, Latino, and Asian— Hollywood’s New Crop of Rising Stars Look a Lot Like the Real Kids Next Door”. Sanaa Lathan, Sandra Oh, Terrence Howard, and Rosario Dawson photographed by Isabel Snyder for Vibe, April 2000 
Zoom also isn’t a  its based in California, founded by an American, who happens to be Asian. Great work, Nancy! 
The speed with which they respond to this. Meanwhile the institutional racism that has led to half of the covid-19 cases being south Asian migrant workers, will that ever be seen as a crime?
I just signed a contract with the Asian Business Community Against Covid-19 (Coronavirus)  towards managing the pandemic in Malawi. Together in our various capacities we can play a part to win the war against Covid-19. 
#MeAt20 (but really, 19). I’d permed my hair for a role and ended up looking like Asian Cher. 
Sorry to see the end of Cross-Currents, a great open-access journal on East Asian history, with a distinctive trans-national perspective that won't easily be replaced.  …
Not to pit two Southeast Asian queens against each other, but 
The rise in COVID-19 Asian-bias hate crimes is disturbing. We will continue to arrest those responsible & hold them accountable, but we need your help - if you were were a victim call 9-1-1 or @NYPDTips to report it so our @NYPDDetectives can vigorously investigate each 
"There does appear to be a disproportionate impact on BAME [black, Asian and minority  Communities Secretary Robert Jenrick says the Chief Medical Officer "is working with Public Health England to better understand this issue"  
Molly self-sabotaging her fling with Asian bae.  …
I've put together a non-exhaustive list of books on South-Asian history, each volume points to a specific part of history and by no means represents the rich, diverse history of each Ethnic group, Faith or Empire. I hope it can be of benefit for those looking to learn more.
Hey Guys! Today I build this asian Ship with @byNigoo on @BuildersRefuge! I hope you like it 
need me an asian thottie vouches appreciated
damn no wonder asian shit moving like it’s not sure what to do
Asian American Hotel Owners Association @AAHOA interacted with Gurudev @SriSri Ji ( Full video:  ) @IndiainNewYork @CGISFO @IndianEmbassyUS @SandhuTaranjitS @AkbaruddinIndia @MEAIndia @PMOIndia @USAndIndia @republic @TimesNow @IndiaToday 
I just discovered this podcast about women in Southeast Asian history and I’m very excited to listen to it! Ahhhhh  …
'slam is not a race. Or is this a Freudian slip? A-r@b masters pulling a fast ones on unsuspecting Africans and South Asian types making them easy slaves? Criticism is not discrimination - the latter is an action. Where did you go to school?  …
Vietnamese-owned nail salons across the U.S. are donating thousands of masks and gloves to hospitals in  As hate crimes against Asian Americans continue to rise, these institutions are showing us what it means to be American.  …
India's largest land mammal is the asian elephant, but this magnificent creature is currently in danger of going extinct. Learn more during a new episode of #JungleAnimalRescue, Saturdays at 10/9c on Nat Geo 
1. Saturday Morning Humor: Why Indian Americans Are Shunned! Well, if you wonder why many native born Americans sometimes look askance at people of Asian Indian heritage, this parable aims to shed some light by highlighting the exploits of Chandra's first day in middle school.
this isnt a directed insult to the current writes but i think rwby would greatly benefit from more women and poc in the writing team, esp in a place where their voices will be Heard. considering most of the main characters are women and many of them are specifically asian.
I have personally observed Arab Muslims considering themselves superior to their Asian counterparts. They looked down upon Asian Muslims.
I am here for TV writer twitter Comic book twitter Asian American twitter Pandemic thirst trap twitter How about you?
Imagine going to a totalitarian Asian nation and being shocked that it's racist.  …
A huge respect to those who watched the whole concert for 12 hours straight !!!! please teach me your ways. my Asian a$$can't relate 
Southeast Asian kpop stans love the whole idea of kpop kumbaya with armys until it's time to call out their fandoms who doing sht against BTS
Bullseye Admiral ! My suspicion- some smart Alec calculation to woo a grp with East Asian links. To help neutralise Malaysian/Indonesian criticism of Modi Gov’s CAA/Kashmir policies. Overlooked #Covid_19 outbreak in that region.
ICYMI: @DavidHenryHwang and @ericpliu dig deep into Asian-American identity in a pandemic and how to be a citizen/artist to drive change. Hear their no-holds-barred convo here:  
Only one of these greats made our Asian World Cup winners Dream Team. Find out which here:  
Ripple Eyes On Asian Market Through Partnership With Korean Fintech Companies. #XRP  …
We won’t let hatred and ignorance divide us. Asian-Americans are on the front lines, helping to fight the COVID-19 crisis. We will support and protect them now and always. Call 911 if you witness a hate crime. For assistance go to  
Are you not tired of watching Nollywood, Bollywood, Hollywood, Asian movies?? I know you are. This is the time to spice things up by joining the live with us at 6pm today. It promises to be all shades of fun and excitement . You deserve something good too 
asian baby boy daw 
there’s smtg seriously off putting with indonesian western music fans constantly putting down artists  from the asian music industry scope by bringing down their physical characteristics like??? you’re ASIAN. stop bootlicking the eurocentric beauty standards.
All asian people have a million dishes, it’s just a given!
And for all of those screaming about how Canada should have followed Asian countries, they haven’t exactly beaten this yet:  …
Yes, @PaoloBenjamin_ , i am an asian kid indeed
ESSAY: South Asian Women are taught to take on a man's emotional burden. "It hit me when I was a little bit older, nearing adulthood and on the cusp of beginning university. The mollycoddling of boys turned into the mollycoddling of  …
What about Asian chicks with guns? ...your tweet...COME ON  …
"i really love armys as much as i love my parents" do u know how valuable it  out of an asian kid's mouth where filial piety is above everything else
ingat track asian x games ke
.We produced this to continue platforming and showcasing the BEA/SE Asian talent that exist in  as a creative response to BBC4's recent documentary on Du Fu: China's Greatest Poet with Sir Ian playing Du Fu. @BeatsOrg 
India's largest land mammal is the asian elephant, but this magnificent creature is currently in danger of going extinct. Learn more during a new episode of #JungleAnimalRescue, Saturdays at 10/9c on Nat Geo 
thread of southeast asian it girls because i want to see more girls like me on the timeline
it’s been 8 hours. blast. im not feeling tired instead im engerized as hell like something is wrong with me or — or i am just too whipped for these seven asian men. yes, im definitely whipped. there’s no other reason for this unbelievably dastardly spiffing behaviour. yay for me.
Xi fears Japan-led manufacturing exodus from China - Nikkei Asian Review #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #GetTheHellOutOfChinaNow ⁦ @BoycottHegemony⁩ ⁦ @DanRDimicco⁩ ⁦ @WarrenPlatts⁩ ⁦  …
A report has found that  were generally better prepared for the pandemic, having experienced the SARS epidemic of 2002-03 
Survey of Covid-19 racism against Asian Australians records 178 incidents in two weeks  …
"British-Pakistani researchers say grooming gangs are 84% Asian and 100% Pakistani" Fixed it  …
Latest @ICNARC data on #Covid19 patients in intensive care reinforces that older men are significantly more at risk than others (first chart). It also appears to show greater vulnerability for those above  body mass index and for those who are black and Asian (see... 
When you say *Asian* I think that is a euphemism.  …
Malaysia seems to be first Asian country to achieve 0 case soon. Earlier the trend was 160+ #Covid_19 positive cases per day. New cases recorded in the last 3 days. 16th April 2020 - 110 new cases 17th April 2020 - 69 new cases 18th April 2020 - 54 new cases
Police in Hong Kong carried out a sweeping operation against high-profile democracy campaigners on Saturday, arresting 14 activists on charges related to massive protests that rocked the Asian financial hub last year  
Friends theory on why most Asian countries have done pretty well with corona: Nobody trusts China and nobody trusts any government. If China says it's no big deal freak the geek out. If the government says things are under control: move into a bunker. Low trust is why
Despite no evidence existing anywhere that this story is about an Asian-Australian, they published this story using a recycled photo of a Asian-Canadian as the thumbnail image, on the same day an Asian woman was dragged to the ground by her hair and beaten in Melbourne's CBD.  
Farhan Mehboob is a top Pakistani professional squash player from Peshawar. @farhanmehboob91 was part of the gold medal winning team at the Asian Games. Watch the story of nine times national champion in HBL PSL #HamarayHeroes Powered by 
I’m a luxury only a few can afford. Pay up.  | asian | paypig | slave | finsub | findom | asiandom | domination | dom | brat | | humanatm | goddess | finD | 
The line "jab tak rahega samose mein aaloo" really cracks me up cos potato filled samosas are a very recent thing. Punjab took the centuries central asian samosa, typically stuffed with meat and/or lentils. And thought, can we make this with almost zero protein in it? Potatoes!
This is an Asian man  …
This is why South East Asian temples are so amazing! Look at the details! Who can explain what is going on here? #SoutheastAsia #Asia #Hindu #Hinduism #Ancient #Carving #Mythology #Temple #knowledge #PraveenMohan 
The return of weekday #OWL2020 hosted a wealth of upsets! Can the Asian teams keep the pace?" Online play brought to you by @xfinity!  
Asian men is better that white men periodt.
black ppl when joon said european asian caucasian 
“european, asian, caucasian girls” 
He said white white asian lock him up  …
The biggest group in the world and most relevant asian act of all time on top as it should @BTS_twt 
So this genre of joke, while not specifically singling out Kondo's race when it's invoked, relies on a) misunderstanding the work of, and b) the flattening into a caricature of, an Asian woman
So, it just so happens that those reads also rely on historical caricatures of Asian women being dominant enchantresses or subservient fairies
“First Asian solo singer to land a top 10 spot on the Billboard 200 albums chart.” ICONIC. 
As an Asian man the odds don’t look good for me. I’m still going to go out and treat my patients. If I die because of COVID19  back to haunt Bojo and Hancock . I have a heavy voice and am big so I will be a scary ghost.
taylulu keep choosing wrong person to her secret session. im asian and unproblematic taylor,pick me so i can hack your laptop and leak RED tour 
Imagine being Asian and unable to do math. That white half really done some damage, huh?  …
Nursing Times’ tweets of black and Asian nurses killed get literally thousands of retweets. When they (thankfully) report on a potential reason why they’re being killed, silence. We can see you people a mile off, we really can  …
Did this Asian girl just say “nigga”?  …
There's a lot of distance between my balcony & the trees. But with a little luck and some neck exercise, I can see #waterbirds bulleting the blue skies. This morning, a Grey Pelican, a Painted Stork and an Asian Openbill showed up. 
and when namjoon says european, asian causian girls in if i ruled the wolrd my black ass will cheer for him !
Oh to be 9 years old sitting on bags of rice at the asian marketright about now... 
Them Asian genes stronger than vibranium
Important editorial highlighting the pitfalls of the prominence of military men in Thailand. No other SE Asian country except Myanmar has allowed an institution trained to fight wars to penetrate so much of civilian life, even the campaign against Covid19  …
I was COS in a large Asian station. Western friendship model: we both can enjoy and benefit. Chinese friendship model: here’s what I’m going to do to you if you don’t want to be my friend.  …
It’s rather interesting to see the first people to sue Carnival Cruise Lines are American & Asian. The family of 64-year-old American man Chung Chen who died from coronavirus after the fateful Ruby Princess voyage is now suing the cruise line for gross corporate negligence.
This, has to be one of the most racist things he has ever said. A Biden presidency is not the progressive administration we need - quite the opposite, it's regressive. "Our culture is not imported from some African nation, some Asian nation." 
asian lady pouring gas around in a circle lighting it on fire and dancing inside a circle of flames whilst dancing to @slayyyter - 
Asian booty square
#On_This_Day 5 years ago on this day @iamsrk Sir honoured with an award at 5th Asian Awards in London!.. 
Uneducated racists can stop Asian bashing. European settlers were the first to bring diseases to Australia. In the NT we had an Aboriginal leprosy colony thanks to the generosity of white people. Yet you don't see me bashing them on the street over it #auspol 
When you have the WORST OUTBREAK in the entire southeast Asian REGION, and amon LOWEST recovery rates and HIGHEST casualty rates among FRONTLINERS, it’s truly IRRESPONSIBLE to try SILENCE any kind of LEGITIMATE CRITICISM to ensure we got a more COMPETENT and EFFECTIVE approach.
The Facebook Group Asian Alliance Against ChiNazi is at 4k followers already.  …
tbh this is why i dont want EXO to go to the west. its full of hypocrite racists out there ( not all ). western validation is just overhyped. there are many asian artists who are doing incredibly well in their own countries & creating great music. i want @weareoneEXO to be that
I love Meg and Asian Doll
If "fresh and exciting" means Green Hornet will be played by an Asian American and Kato being a mainland Asian, then I agree with this statement. Otherwise, nah.  … #greenhornet #RepresentationMatters #asian #reboot #hollywood #asianactor #diversity
White supremacy is a global phenomenon. In many Asian nations like China, Korea, or Japan, white people are celebrated in the media and put on a higher pedestal than the Asians living in those countries, while black people are treated like subhumans. Guess it’s just like America.
China Bad Asian. Taiwan Korean Good Asian. Except North Korean Bad Asian. Asian American journalists *must" follow these guideline in covering Asia.  …
This is beyond horrible. H/t @rtajima: “We can’t call out anti-Asian hate without calling out anti-Blackness.”  …
It’s ok to be white It’s ok to be black It’s ok to be asian It’s ok to be hispanic It’s ok to be female It’s ok to be male It’s ok to be gay It’s ok to be YOU But it's NEVER okay to like NBA YoungBoy
<LOAD GIVEAWAY PART TWO> - 50 pesos load - SMART/TNT only! Mechanics: - follow me - RETWEET and LIKE this - Reply ASIAN DRAMAS and ASIAN MOVIES na napanood niyo. - MULTIPLE ENTRIE ARE ALLOWED. goodluck! @SB19Official #SB19 #SB19_MENPA
You want my time? You pay for it. You want to converse? You pay for it. My time is money, so $end. Cum and adore your Asian Goddess. { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme } 
Black. White. Hispanic. Asian. Gay. Straight. Tall. Short. Skinny. Hefty.  Unsure. Cast away. Enough. God loves you. All of you. When all of man leaves you, He is always there. You’re never alone.
asian stans rise<333 
How does it feel when I slowly drain your entire bank account? Good right! Beg me to drain you then. |findombrat | humanatm | finD | paypig | asian | domination
The Asian police are gonna kick down my door any second and find me sitting calmly in my living room. “Officers. I’ve been waiting for you,” I’ll say as I set down my tea and they all hastily remove their shoes
You idiot- TPP was to *exclude* China in Asian trade. It WAS the WAY the contain and defeat China. China NEVER WAS in the TPP and it was *on purpose*— to leave China ALONE against a team all in the TPP cc  …
damn fr i thot anime was asian
the only asian in the kpop group kaachi is friends with oli london...this is the biggest self-drag in history 
stan the iconic first asian superheroes in the marvel cinematic universe 
Every Asian person I know is saying that China planned the Corona Virus and did it on purpose. Don’t let the media fool you. Asian Americans understand the evil of the CCP.
Choose your Asian Mom Weapon RT if you can relate 
asian families not understanding mental health
WOULD YOU STILL DATE ME IF I WAS a 5’6 and a half (technically 5’7 cause insoles) average looking asian girl that has uneven eyelids and was a bit mentally ill and thinks she’s a  that likes KPOP and dresses up like a maid occasionally or if I was a worm?
white, black, asian, latino, don’t matter cuz i’m ghosting u regardless
Asian characters in Star Wars: Chirrut - killed off Baz - killed off Bodhi - killed off Fennec - killed off Rose Tico - written out of existence Star Wars loves to take from Asian cultures while treating Asians like one off disposable props or inconveniences.
If you an an Asian Australian who has experienced racism related to coronavirus - or know someone who has experienced this - please contact us at 
It’s semi ok to be white It’s ok to be black It’s ok to be asian It’s ok to be hispanic It’s ok to be female It’s ok to be male It’s ok to be gay It’s ok to be YOU But it's NEVER okay to be a Sugawara anti.
Kurt has experienced the epidemic of white on asian gun violence first hand  …
Survey of Covid-19 racism against Asian Australians records 178 incidents in two weeks  …
Turkey #COVID19  to European and Asian Countries in One Graph | Turkey's outbreak is severe 
It’s semi ok to be white It’s ok to be black It’s ok to be asian It’s ok to be hispanic It’s ok to be female It’s ok to be male It’s ok to be gay It’s ok to be YOU But it's NEVER okay to be Nintendo Switchless
What kills honey bees? Varroa mites- where did  from? China What kills citrus trees- asian psyllid- where did  from? China What kills Americans- flu and Coranavirus- where did  from? China Notice a pattern?
if youve dated one asian boy youve honestly dated them all
Matt Davis plays the father to a character played by an asian actress and is spitting anti asian vitriol on twitter why is he still on the show having him around Kaylee and the other actors of color puts them in both emotional and PHYSICAL danger I literally am scared
Over the last year or so I've felt increasingly sensitive to the way asian men are portrayed in TV and movies - often desexualized, feminine, and the butt of jokes. It's kind of upsetting.
Flyweight Pancho Villa, first ever Asian world champion, second from left, between fellow Filipino Elino Flores and their manager Frank Churchill in 1922 #boxing 
man i wanna be this cool when i’m older. rip yuri kochiyama, you were far more of a role model to me than any asian elected official. 
Asian twitter be like the aunties u see at weddings talking shit about u behind ur back
He was super thin. And Asian American. And had all the rhythm. Young. In his 20s I presume. Very cute. Anyway. Made my day.
This guy wants to tell Asian people to wear shoes in the house lol okay dude  …
Robert Kraft getting caught in an Asian massage/tugjob parlor in a strip mall made him infinitely more folksy and down to earth than Gates and Buffet with their BS shtick. Kraft can afford $1000 dollar hookers nightly, but he's getting $40 handjobs like an Average Joe.
chrissy's final evolution to Asian mom
It summons trump if u whistle
I’m hearing names like Minamino, Park Ji Sung and Son Heung-min. Don’t get it twisted, this is the best Asian to ever grace the Prem 
. @CityOfBoston is out with weekly #COVID19 breakdown by neighborhood. %’s of cases w known race/ethnicity : 41.3% Black 27.8% White 16.9% Latinx/Hispanic 10.3% Other 3.7% Asian These visuals the most striking to meI’m working on a feature. Stay tuned. 
There's  on an engineering video I was in that asserted that: - I'm an Asian actress hired for diversity signalling. - I don't actually know how to code. - I don't actually speak English. And you know what? They were absolutely right.
British-Pakistani researchers say grooming gangs are 84% Asian  …
Racist scapegoating of ethnic groups for infectious diseases is not new to US history. In 2020, we should know better. We cannot allow Asians and Asian Americans to be scapegoated and targeted for violence during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Ya, don’t feel bad about being racist  China. Trust me in this, they’re the most racist bunch in all Asian countries. They’re racist towards me because I’m half white and was born in Taiwan. These  can go to hell.  …
TWICE's numbers in the asian continent are including $31.8 million and 356,000 tickets sold only in Japan, since "Dreamday Tour" (20 shows; @JYPETWICE).
TWICE has grossed $40 million and sold 422,000 tickets in the asian continent in less than one year, since "Dreamday Tour" (26 shows; @JYPETWICE).
two big profiles in one week! sheesh! of queer asian artists no less I talked to rina sawayama a while ago :)  …
#postdoc opportunity @BrandeisU 2 yr position, Florence Levy Kay Fellowship in Afro-Asian Diaspora Studies. For #phds studying the formation of Afro-Asian diasporas b/t any geographic or temporal setting. #Apply by May 8th to receive priority consideration.  …
Ukrainians are not “terrible people.”  from Trump were outrageous and shameful. But, c’mon @buzzfeed: A *private*  is *being paid* to airlift medical supplies *from China* (and another Asian countries) in a *Soviet* plane, it acquired. 
how asian are u? i put nasi on top of my homemade pizza
It’s the weekend! Here’s a #SuperSunday all of Asian football deserves; Tainan City v Taipower Altyn Asyr v Köpetdag Istiklol v Khatlon
tired of these asian americans that silence  on their issues yet expect advocacy for theirs
If you having trouble reading this it’s basically saying Black people are banned from China. China is blaming the virus on Black people they don’t care if you black in America or black in Africa I hope that black people keep this Same energy with asian businesses when they open 
While many European and Asian importers decreased trade with the U.S. over the past year, Turkiye followed the opposite trend and emerged as 2nd largest importer of US LNG in Europe and Central Asia. Turkish LNG imports are on the rise over the last several years -making LNG+ 
I stand with the  in condemning the hateful, racist conspiracy theories that cast blame on  2/3
NEW VIDEO! I dressed like ASIAN Disney characters for a week!  
The most harmful aspect of South Asian patriarchy is how we are taught to protect men from the harm they cause, the delusions they espouse, and the fragility of their egos. To write against that, to think and be free and queer and outside of that toxicity is powerful—and lonely.
Asian medicines are a catastrophe for the natural world. Pangolin scales, rhino horns, elephant tusks, tiger bones... None of them have any medicinal value but entire species face extinction on the altar of traditional beliefs. 
"asianness has always been about being banned, barred, and excluded in the u.s." — had the pleasure of interviewing @aafcollective for @teenvogue a few weeks ago about what it means to be asian in america  …
People who are giving Asian Americans a rough time, cut the shit. Like we don't have enough fucking problems without having to put up with ignorance, and racism. #GrabAnOarAndRow
This catfish account has been stalking me since December, trying to scam me. Lmaooooo! A whole OBI OF ONITSHA. How do you go from a white lady to an Asian Lady in the space of two month!!! All these yahoo yahoo school drop-outs are the ones causing nuisance on social media!!!
Fun fact: The Asian version of this costs just 15 cents. But instead of a pat on the shoulder, an automatic voice asks you: “Are you a doctor yet?” Followed by stony silence.  …
just your local latina asian 5sos stan #pocsos 
40 million years they’ve walked our earth. In the last 20 years, every five minutes they are taken from the wild to be used in Asian medicine and are now critically threatened with extinction. Bang goes anyone’s theory that it’s ancient Asian custom. It’s new nonsense 
*laughs in stanford east asian studies* also you already know all of them have asian wives  …
believe it or not, but there are asian stans out there 
How Asian boys move to girls in the shisha lounge 
Only thing funny bout Asian twitter is how all members claim they ain’t part of Asian twitter dpmo man
Mina Stores, Romford Road, London E12 are clearly flouting safe social distancing rules in pursuit of their trading. But as they're Asian I'm sure @metpoliceuk will do sweet FA.
1) Now that the hospitalization models were way off and our system was not overrun – the entire impetus for lockdown and “flattening the curve” – why are we not opening up our country responsibly like the Asian countries did?
Tired of the politically correct. Ebola, West Nile fever, MERS, Spanish Flu, Asian flu, Hong Kong flu .... nobody  about those names before! So why now?
asian girls who are embarrassed to wear cultural clothes are weird
Asian People Be Like “How Did You Know I Went To Korea?” 
Funny that you analyze data for a living but draw this conclusion without analyzing the data from countless dense, transit-dependent Asian cities who haven't seen  spread.
Many East Asian-Americans will be the first ones to yell that nobody cares about racial issues when  to Asians. But when y’all are making big racial debates over K-POP NECKLACES instead of the actual real shit going on with your people, how the fuck do you expect us to?
While Central Asian academics were executed, the USSR forcibly settled millions of European peasants to 'special villages' to  the colonial Gulag system. Lynne Viola's The aesthetic of Stalinist planning and the world of the special villages 
"Asian Americans have been harassed, pushed, spit on & attacked under the false assumption that they are to blame for the coronavirus. A man stabbed 2 Asian children & their father in March at a Sam’s Club in Texas, an incident FBI called a hate crime."  …
Thanks @teenvogue for amplifying our ‘Asian American #FeministAntibodies: Care in the Time of Coronavirus’ zine and the #aafeminism movement 
This is the wonderful Asian restaurant in the heart of #Galway where staff were subjected to an attack by a bunch of drunken idiots last night. Well worth our support in these tough times.  
Based on my #DNA, I’m going to start saying I’m originally North African, and part Scandinavian, part French, part south European, and part South Asian. I can’t bring myself even to acknowledge my British genes. #HV #haplogroups
Lock arms, hold on tight, Asian Americans. Racism will be a bipartisan theme in this Presidential election  …
Incredible chart that looks very different from the 08-09 period despite the fact that many  current economic downdraft with '08. 1997-98 Asian crisis was deflationary spike before hyperspace. Is virus the deflationary shock  before another epic liftoff? 
There has been a surge in reports of hate and harassment against Asian Americans. This is exactly why we called on Trump and other political leaders to stop using racist terms to refer to #COVID19. Everyone must condemn  …
A deep dive from @seemacnbc on the hospitality industry's South Asian connection, and these times of pandemic: "Travel industry’s struggle amid coronavirus pandemic is a blow for South Asian families with hotel roots"  …
Just picked up my copy of the 'Unbreakable' Anthology (Vol. 1) on @DriveThruRPG ! Really looking forward to spending some time tonight reading this collection of Asian myth-and folklore-themed #dnd adventures. You too can grab a copy right here:  
Crispy Sesame Chicken with a Sticky Asian Sauce - tastier than that naughty takeaway and super simple to make. Sweet, salty, crispy, sticky and a little bit spicy. Its a real family favourite!  … #sesamechicken #Asianchicken #recipe
Asian Doll bodied blueface & the other featured artists on “Tour” 
If you see someone being racist towards Asian and Black ppl, pls speak up. Both groups are being attacked verbally and physically esp even more bc of pandemic. We must protect one another.
Always count on your Asian dad to stretch that cheap cut of meat into a meal. 
As we adjust to the new realities of remote learning, we're also facing a disturbing rise in bias incidents & hate crimes against the  It's imperative that we confront it proactively, ensuring  to a safe,  city for all.  …
There was another online incident involving beautiful smooth boys & Asian geopolitics & you better believe I wrote about it for  …
Central Asian Khanates/Emirates After the collapse of the Timurid Empire, much of the Central Asian lands was overrun by the Shaybanid Uzbeks who founded the Khanate of Bukhara. This Khanate collapsed in 1785, being succeeded by the Emirates/Khanates of Bukhara,... 
●First Asian Captain To Win Test Series In Australia ●First Indian Captain to Win ODI Series In Australia ●First Indian Captain to Win ODI Series in South Africa @imVkohli 
LOOOL we all know this type of Asian guy 
Europeans sad about tour and Americans Dragging them over it meanwhile my Asian ass is sitting here unaffected like 
my friend @nnavrajsingh noticed that many  south asian immigrant families don’t all have the same last name. we wanted to survey people from immigrant families of color to see if this idea rings true for them. please answer this survey + RT:  …
Y'all are crying over how your show got cancelled or rescheduled while its just another day for Asian swifties.... @taylorswift13 see the prblm 
Dr. Phil may have used simple analogies, but he is right about the importance of tackling the health crisis and preserving the economy and business fabric. This is not "lives or the economy". Asian economies like Singapore and Korea prove it., so do some Nordic nations.  …
Where the Black ladies Where the Latina ladies Where the Asian ladies Where the nerd ladies Where the anime ladies Where the only fans ladies
Meet the 2020 Diversity Awards Winners: Angel Collie, Monica Figueroa, Patricia Harris, Eugene Lao, Joseph Megel, Echo Meyer, Andrea Prego, Geovani Ramirez, Effua Sosoo, Graeme Strickland, Asian American Center Campaign Team & TEAM ADVANCE! #UNCDiversity  
Chinese #broccoli is one of my favorite #Asian leafy #greens! Toss it in a simple garlic and #oystersauce glaze - and it's absolutely out of this world! #f52grams #feedfeed #easyrecipes Get the Recipe  
I have a list of films I call “Reset films”...films that remind me why cinema is so powerful. Quick film schools. Most of them are Asian cinema. Today, I saw one of them again, “Memories of a sword” I watch this one a lot for staging. Oh sweet Lawd the Koreans 
This year is Dr. Yahya Al-Zahrani’s 20-year anniversary since he won the Silver Medal in #Judo at the 2000 Asian #Championship in Hong Kong. He brings his rich experience to #Qiddiya as Sports Manager, to develop and encourage Judo Programs for the Kingdom’s future 
Asian twitter is mad toxic . Hatred everywhere , people from the same ethnicity calling eachother all sorts, people from different ethnicity’s getting in to social beef , Wtf is wrong with people . Smh , just be good to one another
We all need that red talisman from our lonely love life haha 
//MY ASIAN ASS LEFT THE GC// 
Sorry but the bromance is stronger haha 
Tomorrow at 1pm IST, we pick a team from the Asian World Cup winning sides on Youtube. Who do you think should open? Set an alert for the discussion here:  
I need more action scene from this lady!! 
let’s take a moment to appreciate the first two asian women in the mcu and how far  together 
The Asian Pacific Policy and Planning Council reported more than 1,100 incidents of Asian Americans being harassed in the last two weeks. Bigotry and hate have no place here. 
She is an Indian Athlete Won several medals in Worlds-Asian-C'W championships Won-Gold/Silver/Bronze Took Wrestling At another Level, opened A open Field for Women's n built up W'Empowerment. But liberals/intellectuals/Radicals Are targeting her for saying Truth 
Zayn’s speech while accepting his Asian Award for Outstanding Achievements in Music on April 17, 2015 
BREAKING NEWS Updated Asian Division based on the series that just finished! 
India, which had pledged $10 million to help other South Asian countries tackle the #Covid_19 pandemic last month, has already delivered medicines and other relief material worth $1.7 million (report by Shishir  …
An acid attack in Brooklyn, a Texas child stabbed in the face – attacks on Asian Americans are a serious new problem since the COVID-19 outbreak. @realDonaldTrump #RacismIsAVirus  …
1) If our relationship with Jesus  us to love our gay neighbor, Immigrant neighbor, Migrant neighbor, Republican neighbor, Democrat neighbor, Asian neighbor, White neighbor, Black neighbor, Transgender neighbor, etc. then we might not be reading the Bible correctly.
A NETFLIX SHOW WITH: ~a queer nerdy black woman ~funny asian best friend ~an Indian lead ~and diverse cast NETFLIX IS FINALLY LISTENING 
There were 987 #COVID19 cases in India on March28 (4 days after #lockdown decl.). Since then, cases doubled every ~4 days in 1st 10 days, 4 to 5 days in next week & between 5 to 6 days later. Case rate has slowed, but our curve is still  to some Asian nations 
Janet Yang calls Andrew Yang's disgraceful WaPo op-ed "Uncle Tom-ish" and talks about how the latest wave of anti-Asian racism  …
getting groceries; saw an older asian woman sitting on a stoop. she was silently waving at everyone who walked by. when i passed her, she waved, flashed a peace sign, hit me with the thumbs up. clearly smizing. i waved/smized back. then i burst into tears.
We've heard of Asian Twitter, Muslim Twitter. I present you Haywaan Twitter 
there’s no point to bring namjoon or any asian people into this because they’re not educated on the topic like americans are, namjoon apologized and said he realized his actions and now tries to educate more korean and asians about the subject
Mark your calendars! Just found out I'll appear in the very first episode of the PBS documentary 'Asian Americans,' talking about classic Asian American actors like Anna May Wong, airing May 11 at 8PM PT/ET on your local PBS station!  
If you work in/on South Asian diaspora and would be interested in doing a recorded mini-lecture (new or one you already have) my asynchronous online class this summer, me. I'd love to highlight scholarship that moves focus away from India, Savarna Hindus, and U.S. diasporas...
Human Rights Watch: "US Government Should Better Combat Anti-Asian Racism; More than 1,000 Covid-19 Related Incidents Reported" 
Racism against Asian-Americans is real, and it is dangerous. The United States government needs to take it more seriously.  … cc 
An acid attack in Brooklyn, a Texas child stabbed in the face—attacks on Asian-Americans are real and appalling. Please read @SeashiaVang on how #US Government Should Better Combat Anti-Asian Racism  …
The former Health Secretary tells LBC which coronavirus prevention measures the UK should adopt from Asian countries, most crucially population testing. @ShelaghFogarty | @Jeremy_Hunt |  …
Been looking for any reporting on the impact of coronavirus/COVID on Asian  There is some reporting on hate crimes (also important) but couldn't find much on infection rates and access to care
India, which had pledged $10 million to help other South Asian countries tackle the #Covid_19 pandemic last month, has already delivered medicines and other relief material worth $1.7 million (report by Shishir  …
US Government Should Better Combat Anti-Asian Racism 
What goes into 'anime characters look white' reasoning is that white people center themselves so they assume anything that looks human must be white. It's just that simple, because in their own media Asian characters are othered and dehumanized (into sl*nty-eyed goblins, say).
When you have Asian parents you have 3 options Doctor, Engineer or get beaten
The historic Bandung Asian-African conference opened 65 years ago, April 18, 1955. It was one of the 20th C’s most important events. This e-dossier tells the story of the #Bandung conference through the conference bulletin and additional documents.  
Medical experts sent by China warned that the Philippines faces a “significant risk” of failing to contain #COVID19, as they cited limited hospital beds, medical supplies, and testing capacities in the Southeast Asian country.  …
Big brother...is in your pocket: survey of principal apps and technology being deployed in East Asian countries for COVID-19 surveillance, contact tracing and quarantine enforcement 
NYC has updated its #race #ethnicity data on #COVID19 deaths/100,000: *Black/African American - 92.3 *Hispanic/Latino - 74.3 *White - 45.2 *Asian - 34.5 "The US has needed a trigger to fully address health care disparities; #COVID19 may be that bellwether event" 
 Reading: New and  Books from Asian and Asian American Writers | @booksaremagicbk  
I've had enough of scapegoating, prejudice and ignorance. It's unacceptable. We must support our Asian  protect them and call out hatred and discrimination in all its forms.  
Remember, tackles social injustice, sub love interest, class differences, hopes and dreams Lots of kdramas are also in Joseon era settings, tackling HISTORY Hindi lng puro love kase Erik Matti. Kaya gusto ng tao kdramas/asian dramas in general kase may CREATIVITY AND SENSE
I'm gonna say this as an Asian woman who is also a hijabi, people still say women shouldn't be bald. That it's embarrassing as hair is our crown. That it's not right. mind you, I wasn't supposed to show my hair to anyone.  …
Zayn at the Asian Awards in London, April 17, 2015. 
Life as an Asian-American Doctor: I'm 'Both Celebrated and Villainized' Dr. Chen Fu, you are a hero and please never forget that. You stick by your fellow Americans even when the times are tough. Your parents are proud of you for a damn good reason.  …
No, #China is not winning. Why do Western elites appear so enthusiastic in predicting the rise of Asian despotism?  …
yes lets talk about asian men more its what We deserved 
#China will contribute $20 million to the World Health Organization and use $10 million of a fund from the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank to support the regional projects for controlling #COVID_19, the Ministry of Finance said Friday. #WHO #AIIB  
"The total proportion of non-British doctors in the NHS is around 25%. Non-British docs are responsible for at least 80% of tribunal cases for  the vast majority of them bearing Muslim, South Asian, or African names."  … #YouClapForMeNow
i hate how asian mums treat all their sons like babies
I don’t know why Asian parents got so pissed off cause you stay in your room for too long.
"As Asian Americans, we are dealing with dueling fears—fear of the virus itself and fear of xenophobia, a pandemic just as scary as the virus. I have lost count of how many times I’ve been asked if I have the coronavirus." @kellyyanghk 
CW/ racism, physical and verbal abuse I spoke to the two Asian women who were attacked in broad daylight on Elizabeth Street.  …
Every few months or so theres some dumb trend by asian girls to stick their faces on the TL with some stupid “challenge” and get gassed up by random indian  “wow u r botiful” and im flippin sick of it. This is not instagram
anong oras ilalabas sa youtube ang game of thrones ng southeast asian gays?
i’ve had enough of asian twitter, it’s too problematic. Where’s KPOP twitter at
it does feel wrong but that's how we grew up. I'm not American or a poc living in Europe, but even back then third world Asian countries lack cartoons that tell our own stories. TV Stations aired plenty of cartoons from the West and Japan. it's difficult to unlearn.
This young Asian man is very brave. I’ve hidden his name to protect his identity. He challenges the abuse of religious authority. Stay strong Ahmed.. 
Statements like “Asian countries beat #COVID19 using automated tracing apps” are yet another techno-orientalist fantasy. If anyone is serious about learning from successes like Taiwan's, they need to take seriously Asian experiences & the facts, not revert to preconceptions.  …
Crazy rich asian? Search nowhere, as we have Miri rich asians here.  …
Asian countries are relying on manual tracing, just like everyone else. the boss of the Singapore tracking app says it here  …
Hieu Van Le is a gem of a bloke and we are so lucky to have him as our governor. Loved doing this piece for tomorrow’s Oz about vice-regal life under lockdown. Great pix of His Excellency and wife Lan in their Asian veggie patch at Govt House too.  …
rich asian couple 
think this is the first time i've ever seen a gay south asian from the 80s. i've always had the (probably ignorant) belief we weren't really involved in activism back in the day- quite interested in learning about our history now!  …
Said it before, and I’ll say it again. Wet market just means ‘market’ in the English dialects of ex-colonial SE Asia. It is not a term used in China. If you are gonna use Asian terms, it helps to know what they mean. Might as well say ban ‘pagodas’ or ‘bamboo’  …
LOOK: Stunning Asian Superstars at 35 and over! timeless beauties indeed! Still slaying More here:  
Leaf-mimicking Grasshopper (Systella rafflesii) Another incredible example of camouflage from a south-east Asian insect. These grasshoppers  in brown, yellow and green to be able to mimick all different stages of leaf growth. Nature is amazing! 
The @BFI Archive is filled with lots of gems. We found this incredible insight into Gay and Lesbian life for Black/Asian people from the 80s. Here’s the link:  
I just witnessed a non-asian owned 'asian restaurant' use blatant racism to market their food. ??? 
"26 years old rice cooker is more useful than my 25 years old son" -Asian mom, 2020 
The first ten doctors named as having died from Covid-19 in the UK were from Black, Asian and minority ethnic  and the British Medical Association called for an inquiry last week  …
£3000 is up for grabs in this year's @sileedslitprize! The national award for unpublished fiction celebrates work by by Black and Asian women. Further information is here>>> SI Leeds Literary Prize - The SI Leeds Literary Prize
Birmingham to  white British minority: • 50,000 can't speak English • 60% of under 18 not white British • Second largest group south Asian at 27% Were you asked?  …
And that’s on having good Asian genes. Periodt 
You're proud of this highly offensive material which plays on a vile racist trope about "Asian Grooming Gangs"? It's  it's dangerous, divisive & fuels #Islamophobia. This isn't edgy; the "jokes" are at the expense of #CSE survivors. Child rape is NOT funny,  …
Preparing for makeup: Mardji, an Asian elephant who portrayed the Bantha in Star Wars, A New Hope 
#TIL The guy who played Bheema in the Mahabharata, and Beemboy in MMKR, Praveen Kumar, is a 2 time Asian Games Gold Medalist in Discuss Throw.
IF the mainstream actually bother to cover the news, they often hide facts by using deceptive terminology. For example, the British media REFUSE to simply say that 84% of grooming gang members are ISLAMIC, instead preferring to use the word “Asian”.  …
asian lady pouring gas around in a circle lighting it on fire and dancing inside a circle of flames whilst dancing to @kimpetras - 
Medical experts sent by China warned that the Philippines faces a “significant risk” of failing to contain #COVID19, as they cited limited hospital beds, medical supplies, and testing capacities in the Southeast Asian country.  …
On this day 5 years ago, Shah Rukh Khan was honoured with an award for 'outstanding contribution to cinema' at the 5th Asian awards in London. 
Our pundits could only fit one of these four in their XI from Asian World Cup winners. The whole discussion is on Youtube tomorrow at 1pm. 
. @iamsrk #ShahRukhKhan The Global Mega Superstar was honoured with the Award for 'Outstanding Contribution to Cinema' at the 5th Asian Awards in London . ( 17 Apr 2015 ) 
We’re likely to be one of the worst hit economies in the Asian region by #Covid_19australia because we were one of the worst positioned economies going into #Covid_19australia Years of neo-liberalism & corruption catching us up #afternoonbriefing #auspol
not @gg  for solar’s bald look,,,,thinking they know shit about asian culture just cause they stan kpop groups,,,, LMAOOO SHUT UP FUCKING MOUTH YALL GOT ZERO CLUE ABOUT HOW PEOPLE OVER HERE SIMPLY DONT LIKE THE IDEA OF WOMEN WITH SHORT HAIR, LET ALONE BALD
Look at these light skinned Chinese. Alot of Chinese or Asian people have bleached skin trying to go into Th LIGHT. Th Light is HELL destructive. Darkness is Peace and Quite for Restoration in Nature like Animals. Go Figure 
it’s been a while so here we go again ~ val ~ 16 ~ any pronouns ~ dom ~ bi (girls+) ~ 5’6 ~ pisces ~ hard/soft kinks ~ asian ~ musician rt to be mutuals and <3 because the world needs love 
China said on Friday that its $14 trillion economy shrank 6.8% in the first quarter, ending nearly half a century of continuous growth. Asian markets rallied anyway. Market updates:  
Remember this ?? “iKON as the Kpop Idol worthy to represent Asia to the world.” –Asian Games 2018 Commitees #ikon 
Before you try to question my credentials, I wrote the most anti-CCP piece of document in A&M’s student government history. It is entirely possible to call out the Chinese government without resorting to rhetoric that is hostile to the   …
George Christensen is a smart guy. He knows those cute, vulnerable S.E. Asian girls half his age are after more than just his money & he knows how good looking he is too. George has never punched above his weight. #auspol
Here’s something white gays don’t have to experience: every time I’m rejected on grindr or a DM is left on read, I think to myself, is it because I’m Asian?
"Uncle Bob", or in my case, my friend Frank, a garlic farmer in Ontario knew this thing was contagious and probably a pandemic January 15th while you and your puppet master and his puppet masters were all saying nothing to see here, hug an Asian. So no, you're a propagandist.
As the pandemic impacted our lives in many different ways, academia has not remained an exception. The South Asian Edition of my book, supposed  out in early April, has now been postponed. However, the global edition can be ordered via Amazon:  
Africa is not free black child, its happening slowly but surely. Better start learning mandarin. Hope you found the thread interesting my future Asian-africans. 
he's eating noodles for lunch in his probably million dollar condo, i think thats very asian and i respect him for that hsjsjshshsj 
My boss got robbed last night while walking home around 10:20PM near Big O Tires and the 99c store on San Pablo Ave in Pinole. Avoid walking at night y’all. They fr robbed him for his Android phone. Y’all bummy af for robbing this old Asian man
in conclusion, sm do better instead of pushing the idea that asian culture is interchangeable  old chinese stereotypes. and stream the more superior tracks on neozone like elevator, boom and love song <33
Asian stocks set to rise as markets brace for China GDP data  
Good morning from lockdown Joburg where Asian stocks are rallying as President Donald Trump's plans to gradually re-open the U.S. economy offset data that showed China suffered its worst economic contraction on record due to the coronavirus outbreak. JSE Top 40 called +2.41%; 
Fukumura Mizuki is glad that her Asian Celebration Odotte Mita was so well-received She hopes that it'll reach the ears of the original performers  
some of the ppl in there have apologized or whatever but i am not korean, nor am i asian so it is not my place to forgive them. however... she refuses to apologize (as seen is aubrey's screenshot, she isn't even sorry). she clearly doesn't have a problem gatekeeping like this, -  
Aww Asian abt to get her first billboard entry 
Citi says Asian clients aren’t ready to join the stock rally 
Water Wars: China Has Disrupted Water Flows Causing Drought Conditions In South East Asian Countries, Study Says  …
Asian people in this country are about to have a really fun time. 
• Introduced First 50CR • 4Years of Padayappa Record Broken • More then 200 Theatrical Run • Kabadi kabadi BGM was Played in Asian Games • Proved He is the Next Box-office Emperor • STILL NO1 TRP FAV #16YearsOfBlockbusterGhilli #Master @actorvijay 
Asian markets climb on China economic data, Wall Street’s rally 
Update — The UAE authorities ordered the arrest & detention of the Emirati celebrity for racist remarks he made about South Asian workers. He was defending a Kuwaiti actress who wanted migrants thrown in the desert, saying she only meant Asians not Arabs.  …
13/ And since the PAP government has shamefully pushed a "two separate infections" narrative, we must prepare ourselves for the continued harassment of South Asian folks. Racist “walking-while-Indian” profiling will intensify.  …
90% of my ocs are brown skinned girls because I never grew seeing people like me on a lot of media in a way that was positive and the only Asian representation on tv was some pale east asian girl
A reporting database for anti-Asian racism in Australia during the COVID-19 outbreak has received more than 170 responses since it launched a fortnight ago, with the Human Rights Commission also seeing a spike in racial   …
You know you're ignorant when your asian and you say solar isn't breaking hair stereotyping for women. Im in the Philippines and my officemate went ahead and shaved her hair and all we heard from the office was "she's crazy" "she has mental ilness" "she's having a breakdown"--
I haven't been to China in years, my mom hasn't been to China ever Rich white CEOs are way more likely to have been to China last winter than anyone I know, and the rich Asian CEOs in that demographic don't live in Chinatown
China’s pro-dictatorship narrative is wrong: •Supressing bad news enabled the virus to explode in Wuhan in December •Democratic Asian societies such as South Korea and Taiwan have contained the virus without China’s  measures  …
petite asian girl gets FUCKED in threesome by depression, anxiety, and lack of motivation during quarantine on national horny day
World wants alternative, will we provide alternative? Will #Babus be ready to cut #RedTape? #Modi has been wooing them, Babu’s need to throw away some red ink. #Xi fears Japan-led manufacturing exodus from China - Nikkei Asian Review  …
You can be sure that claims of widespread anti-Asian racism are being exaggerated when Australia’s chief race hustler has to highlight this case of 2 trashy fat skanks beating up an Asian woman. I don’t hate Tim because he’s Asian, I hate him because he’s a race baiting c#nt  …
#ETExclusive Tata Steel planning to defer vendor payments by 45 days. Asian Paints too has written to its biz partners for 30 day payment extension ... my story today in ⁦  …
BTS V wins "Ultimate Asian Heartthrob" for the third time; earns hall of fame status  …
Prediction: White actors will win Oscars for films about anti-Asian racism in the time of COVID19 that will feature exactly 0 Asian actors. 
Records of Ghilli • Introduced First 50CR • 4Years of Padayappa Record Broken • More then 200 Theatrical Run • Kabadi kabadi BGM was Played in Asian Games • Proved He is the Next Box-office Emperor • STILL NO1 TRP FAV #16YearsOfBlockbusterGhilli #Master 
#OtD 17 Apr 1976 the far-right National Front organised a march through the main Asian area in Bradford, England. Politicians held a rally but 100s of young Asians broke away, fought through police lines and attacked the racists. More in our podcast:  
Congratulations to @ChristinaSng for being the Number 1 bestseller in New Asian Poetry on the release day of her latest book, A Collection of Dreamscapes! Get your own Kindle copy to see what all the buzz is about today at this link.  
Black people be so interested in asian culture like they don't know these niggas hate our monkey asses
Anyone who knows hot sauce knows there isn’t one sauce that covers every meal. Need #3 or #10 for fried chicken, pork, southern food, etc. Need #4 for eggs and hash browns. Need #6 for fried rice or Asian cooking. If I’m at a white person house I’ll accept #12 as a sub for #3. 
Asian stocks set to rise as markets brace for China GDP data  
. @GovLarryHogan you cant have it both ways - if you are going to take the unprecedented unconstitutional step of requiring masks, then you have to open up the economy again like they did in the Asian countries. You cant have it both ways.
; don’t pick on people for their race or sexuality. it’s simple, whether they’re black, asian, caucasian, hispanic etc. or gay, bi, straight, pan etc. people will argue this, but honestly shut the fuck up; don’t be a cunt to people, i’m sick of seeing exceptions being made.
Every asian bitch on this app think they jhene aiko lmaooooo
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank ( #AIIB) said it's doubling available funds under its COVID-19 crisis recovery facility to provide $10 bn in financing, as requests for funding have sharply exceeded the $5 bn originally allocated for emergency relief.
This is legitimately crazy and only serves to harm Asian-Americans in this country, as I’ve repeatedly stated. I... really denounce   …
why do asian families always got something to say about weight, when i gain weight they say smth and then when i lose weight they say smth??? LET ME LIVE
In preparation for the release of the #AsianAmPBS series, we will be co-hosting a digital Town Hall with @wetatvfm to open the dialogue around this time of COVID-19 and the Asian American experience. Please join us on Facebook Live on Thurs, 4/30 at 5pm PT  
will go full Asian Rapunzel before I let an untrained anyone near my hair, some of you have never wept after a slightly botched trim & it shows
No one says something is "too Black" & needs "Diversity" No one says something is "too Asian" & needs "Diversity". But anything "too White" always needs "Diversity". "Diversity" means #ChasingDownWhites. "Diversity" is a code word for  …
asian dons pulling up to shisha after lockdown  …
Community leaders fear the #pandemic will lead to an undercount of Asian Americans, who are already the least likely  the survey. 
. @Jkylebass: For all joint ventures of US financial firms in #China, the chief Asian economist must be a member of the Communist Party. "Everything that gets written about the Chinese financial system is…through the lenses of the propagandists.” Watch:  
The virus that is killing America is the pandemic of systematic racism and the economic exploitation of Black, Brown, Native, Asian and poor White bodies. #FIAnational #Wedemandchange #Builderofchange
"I want to see the Christopher Nolan, 'Dark Knight,' live action movie of every Disney movie." - Half Asian Lawyer Bill Richmond
Asian-American discrimination has spiked during this COVID-19 crisis. To hear the full conversation on Tuesday 21st with @koobxwm of the @SendInstitute & our own @bobrobertsjr on how faith leaders can help, register at  . 
Many progressive people living in the West have this weird idea, maybe from naivety or solipsism, that only *they're* capable of racism. But Asian cultures have some of the most abhorrent views about those of African descent. Maybe the current focus on China/Asia will change that  …
Been trying to pitch an article on the escalation of the fear and contempt Ireland's  are been viewed with since the onset of coronavirus but alas, no takers  …
Really fun to chat with @angryasianman and @originalspin about surviving #COVID19, anti-asian racism and Chinese mom’s healing soups!  …
Reminder that if you're Eastern Asian gymbro and don't train your calves you're literally cucknig yourself they are the secret gem of your physique you've got the best genes for them this is your power
Shoutout to the Asian girls 
So the Philippines did not only surpass its neighboring Asian country when  to having the most number of COVID-19 cases, it is now slightly higher in fatalities on the GLOBAL average. And Duque will remain as sec of @DOHgovph  …
i’m an Asian mans wh*re
So the useless member for Dawson George Christensen who spent half his time spending up big in seedy Asian brothels is sending Mafia style encrypted messages to the former PM that he’ll abuse Parliamentary privilege to smear him if he talks. #auspol hey! What a time.
An honor for me to receive a signed copy of DASH, an autobiography of the legendary Islahuddin Siddique from his own hands. One of his great achievements was winning the grand slam in ‘78 when Pakistan won all 3 titles, i.e. The Asian Games, The World Cup & The Champions Trophy 
Racial discrimination in surgical residency #TheSecondTrial @JAMASurgery @AmCollSurgeons all 301 residency programs experienced by 71% of black & 46% Asian  mistaken for another of same race or non-physicians Discrim assoc w/ burnout, attrition, suicidality 
recording a podcast about asian parents tonight. to my asian friends please tell me the most asian parent thing about your parents.
Asian woman gets racism + called a "fucking immigrant" b4 being dragged and assaulted by a white woman. This all happened @Melb's Queen Victoria Markets. This is not the first physical and racist attack in Oz and certainly won't be the last. #COVID19  …
POST CRAZY RICH ASIAN REALIZATION !!! Asian hotties are better than white hotties sweAR 
If you’re black and Asian tell your parents to stay at home. I don’t care if they work in retail, healthcare whatever tell them to stay at home. COVID is pamming us and I don’t think we’re a priority in this hospitals.
Remember when 45 tried to pretend like he cared abt Asian Americans during this crisis? Now he uses AMERICAN Chinatown's as part of his immature namecalling & scapegoating. Not caring/realizing it falsely reinforces to his base that Asn  are part of the problem.  …
#YangGang you’re in for a TREAT… @AndrewYang dropped by our show today! Watch as he shares his thoughts on the attacks against Asian Americans during the coronavirus pandemic. 
What an utter crock of shit on #Dispatches on @Channel4 Wonder when they will be following up with programmes on Black, Asian or Jewish crime? Never because that would be so obviously racist.
It’s not just collectively-oriented Asian societies that could manage to do the right thing. Kiwis are as individualistic as the rest of the Anglophone world. It was science-driven political leadership that saved so many lives.  …
Hello, friends. I'm honored to share an OpEd I co-authored titled "Why the Model Minority Myth is Harmful to Asian American Health." I’m extremely thankful to @gidramedia for giving us this platform & for making our piece availabe online.  … 
THERE'S NO SUCH THINGS AS REVERSE RACISM. racism is about historical discrimination towards mostly black people BY white people. yes people can be discriminatory towards white people in arabic or asian countries for example but that's xenophobia NOT RACISM. stop underminding it
COVID-19 does not mark the "end" of the model minority, because the model minority/yellow peril binary always exist in relation to one another, as a way of mapping US imperial agendas in Asia. The key question is how will Asian Americans situate themselves in relation to empire?
As a half representative of the  we’ve taken action and have revoked her asian heritage. 
Businesses in San Francisco, Chinatown were suffering because many wrongly assumed Asian Americans were all Covid-19 carriers. Speaker Pelosi was standing up for her constituents to help fight this myth—one you continue to perpetuate because you are a racist POS.  …
to everyone saying bs abt this ,, stop acting like yall know asian culture. like even by just literally having your hair cut short will have people see u as "less feminine." so yes, she fucking broke the stereotypes by doing this.  …
Pelosi’s visit to Chinatown that day was to try to calm emotions about the bigotry Asian Americans were facing because of COVID19, due to the rhetoric that was being disseminated with the help of the WHITE HOUSE.
Trump knows Chinatown is not part of China. But he also knows that for many of his xenophobic, racist followers that form his political base, the distinction doesn’t matter. We Asian Americans will always be perpetual foreigners to them. Even if we were born here for generations.
Asian countries already struggling with the #coronaviruspandemic, are likely to also face weather-related crises, from #heatwaves to cyclones,  months, disaster experts warn @ifrc @UNDRR @ndmaindia 
Liar liar! Far Right say worse to anti fascists & Black, Muslim, Asian people on here regularly,  with death threats, & you KNOW it. They get away with it, & Twitter has ADMITTED as much- they have confessed to a ‘white supremacist problem’ but declined to act.  …
First, he said "Chinese virus" and ignored the rise in hate violence against Asian Americans. Now this. Was there a #covid19 outbreak in any Chinatown? Does he know the difference between Chinatowns, which are in major U.S. cities, and  …
this is what we like to see! let’s see some Afro-latinx, Asian, Indigenous, hijabi, and middle eastern ppl next! don’t forget the boys and trans creators :,)
The county has race and ethnicity information 390 people who have died. The breakdown: 16% African American 17% Asian 33% Latinx 31% white 3% other. Live:  …
Nancy Pelosi, early on in the pandemic, was encouraging people to shop in Chinatown so as to not boycott and hurt Chinese American businesses. In fact, Asian Americans have as much to do with China as white Americans have to do with Europe. And the East Coast got hit much harder.
This is exactly the kind of racist stupidity that will get Asian-American families killed by members of Trump's cult. It's an incitement to violence. Every Republican officeholder in the country should condemn it, but instead they'll echo it, amplifying the threat. 
How many siren emojis does this merit? To @realDonaldTrump, there's NO DIFFERENCE between Chinatown and China. He doesn't give a shit how many of us Asian Americans get hurt or killed if it means he can enrage his base enough to be reelected. It's going to get worse.  …
THIS, especially Asian owned grocery stores too! I'm in NC and my local Walmart was basically emptied out about 1 week into SAH orders. Go to the Asian Market and you'd think the world was frozen in time, fully stocked and no one in there. Ppl choose to panic when they want to.
Hit 57mph LFGGGGG I have no idea why I have a super asian lefty windup because my righty motion is white AF. Anyways the goal is to hit 69mph by the end of the year. 
>the mind of the asian woman why exactly do white men simp for these bug ppl lol 
Chinatown was at no more risk than any neighborhood in America. She was making a point of anti-Asian harassment. It’s a fake issue to distract from Trump’s mishandling of this emergency.
20 vs now. The left pic is so stereotypically Asian, it hurts . 
people were smearing american-based businesses in chinatowns as connected to the chinese outbreak. they weren't! unless your dumb, racist brain thinks every asian-american is a recent entrant from china.
There was not much danger from mass gatherings in the US in January or February and no special danger in Chinese or other Asian majority neighborhoods or businesses. There is no contradiction in hammering Trump for inaction AND hammering him for encouraging racism.
We don't have a border with China. Also, the fact that you can't distinguish between China & Chinese AMERICANS puts Asian American lives at risk. @SpeakerPelosi stood with the  as you were stoking xenophobia and downplaying the threat from coronavirus  …
She was just trying to show that discriminating against Asian Americans was , you know, not helpful. At the time, people were hesitant about frequenting Asian businesses, especially restaurants. They were the first, I believe, to be economically effected by COVID 19.
Re-upping, as this seems more relevant than ever: Republicans believe China is to blame for the pandemic. But Dems say that emphasizing the coronavirus' links to China inflames racism against Asian Americans & that it deflects blame from Trump admin.  …
The need to support Asian American and Pacific  is more urgent than ever.  … THRILLED to launch #GiveInMay with nationwide campaign with philanthropic partners. Please spread the word among your favorite AAPI nonprofits! #APAHM 
this evil man really has our asian latinx queen Gwen Stefani cutting his brittle hair in backwoods Louisiana in camoflauge pants i’m literally gonna be sick we truly lost 
i know there IS representation but like.. crumbs.. literally crumbs.. asian representation on broadway please.. i’m not talking about like asian american representation  …
I'm a cutie, I know. Now $end  in  and please your Asian Goddess. I know you want go . { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme } 
asian parents don’t even apologize. they just cut you a bowl of fruit and bring it to your room LMAO  …
“The yellow peril is not a single snapshot in time but rather a reoccurring ideology that continued to fuel hatred, ethnocentrism, and eugenics.” Read @AllRealDeal and my piece on “Anti-asian hate during covid-19.”  
Today @AndrewYang is on @TamronHallShow. Don’t miss it as he talks about how he hopes Asian Americans  part of the solution against COVID-19. And, Suze Orman teaches us how to stay financially stable during these tough times. Today at 1 on ABC7. 
I wonder what would happen if Native-Americans, African-Americans, Arab-Americans, Mexican-Americans, Iranian-Americans, Asian-Americans, or any Americans who aren’t white would block a state capital city parading with assault weapons That’s what white privilege means 
NEW BLOG ALERT: @contextsmag dropped the latest set of articles on Covid 19 which focused on inequality. @nancywyuen and I discuss Anti-Asian Racism during the pandemic and its historical roots | Read all about it here  … #RT
Full disclosure: my wife is South East Asian. 
If Ph entertainment believes the country's rich history like Kdrama invests on its own we'll be in the race for Asian pop culture dominance. But there's no Prisesa Urduja, Maria Makiling or Gabriela Silang crossovers played by Star Magic/Artist Center talents to go mainstream.
Everywhere on Earth, people have had, at any given moment in their history, their own indigenous Prophets. The Asians have Asian Prophets, such as Buddha, Krishna, Lao-Tzu, Confucius, etc; the Arab and Jewish Semites @MduMabuka @MimiReeds #day21oflockdown 
So five years ago today, I had one of the best possible first ever Celebration experiences and Dave Filoni told me he liked my Rebels dress and I told him how much Sabine meant to me as a half-Asian woman and I somehow mostly kept my cool until after he walked away 
An Asian artist with an album in Korean language that does not use underhanded tactics.... we love to see organic success 
but are u even asian if you don’t drive ur dads whip illegally
The Evergrande Group is set  12 billion yuan ($1.7 billion) to build the 150,000 square foot  They hope to be able to host the opening ceremony of the 2023 Asian Games, and build 3-5 more stadiums with a capacity of 80,000 to 100,000 people.
he was born in georgia; georgians were/are considered asian. he wasn’t “white” by those standards just like marx wasn’t “white” during his lifetime. retroactively calling either white [especially using the united states’ race science] would be metaphysical, not materialist.
And just a historical point of reference Asian Flu (yes another GIFT from China) in 1957-58 killed 1.1 million people worldwide-116,000 of those in the US. We did not shut down our economy, let alone the world for that.
mcu the first woman the first woman with superpowers (and asian) the first woman who had her name in the title the first woman with a solo movie the first latin woman the first mcu female to lead her own show the first avenger woman (og6) the first lesbian couple 
NEW YouTube VIDEO Crispy Sesame Chicken with a Sticky Asian Sauce - tastier than that naughty takeaway and super simple to make. Its a real family favourite!  #sesamechicken #Asianchicken 
white people chatting me on AIM: your not like Asian Asian your cool Asian :-) me in middle school: omg thank you!! lolz xD
heres a quick drawing to show why trolls 2/sings portrayal of idol groups  with the idol anime you used as examples! there is also a big difference between eastern asian media portraying eastern asian characters vs western media potraying eastern asian characters.  
Exploitation of wildlife is the biggest threat to biodiversity in many Southeast Asian countries. That's a major threat to many endangered species, and also a direct threat to all of us  
For all you idiot SAMBOS & Black Democrats that want to take up the fight for ASIAN Americans being discriminated against in the U.S... do you see Asian Americans taking up the fight for what’s happening to BLACKS in China???
Today the government confirmed that it will investigate why people from black, Asian and minority ethnic backgrounds are being disproportionately affected by coronavirus. Reporting live on @BBCNews with analysis alongside @CliveMyrieBBC : 
Zayn Malik at Asian Awards : A Necessary thread 
let's rob an asian kitchen or stroll down the block, either way girl, we're takin a wok! 
While Asian Americans are being targeted, former presidential candidate Andrew Yang decided to perpetuate the model minority myth instead of discussing this increasing racism and xenophobia.  …
some of my colleagues are doing this webinar on how to support  during the uptick of discrimination and harassment related to COVID-19, as well as sharing some historical context. tomorrow at 1 PM central/ 2 eastern, free!  …
Young men, If you feel miserable, FACE YOUR FEARS. I was a shy, socially awkward skinny Asian kid when I moved to South America at age 23 with Zero contacts and Zero Spanish. It's been 10 years and I'm more confident and happier than ever. If I can do it, so can you.
At the opening of the Asian Century, many doubted that the cultural and economic influence of the United States could be challenged. But it was the political system that ultimately unraveled the dominance of the US, and it was the Trump administration that pulled the thread.
Everyone is effected by the Coronavirus but only asian people are effected by the racism, this is so disgusting he sacrificed for this country just to be attacked like this 
People are “very worried” about high death rates of Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic (BAME) people in the NHS, is the government on their side? “We are on the side of anyone, frankly, this coronavirus doesn’t discriminate,” replies Dominic Raab Latest:  
If you're Asian, don't bother posting a pic of you at 20. It's a trap. Fears of coronavirus are bad enough. People get even more suspicious of things that don't age or don't go bad with time.
The West really took male African, Asian & Middle Eastern attire and started calling it 'long line' what a load of bs 
The state of butter in #Asian houses ... If you know, you know! 
So honored! 3 of my poems were selected for "The World I Leave You: Asian American Poets on Faith And Spirit" anthology, edited by Leah Silvieus and Lee Herrick. My poems are amongst the work of SO many poets I admire, including my poetry brothers @fmohyu & @rajivmohabir 
But #Merkel will have to answer a few questions on why, with all the information we had from China (our Asian buddies), we were not better prepared. For our own sake, and for Europe's sake.
The DOJ and CDC don't have specific plans to address the surge in reports of racist attacks against Asian Americans, despite having detailed plans after 9/11 and during the SARS outbreak. A really well-reported @publicintegrity  …
The global pandemic and fear have led to an increase in racism and xenophobia, particular targeted at people of Asian heritage. #ETFO has a timely resource for students about Race in the Media. #onted download at  
oomfs what’s your favorite asian dish? 
A doctor was attacked in Boston for being Asian? What the fuck is wrong with people?! Do you want all the Asian medical staff go on strike?  …
// LRT » please don't call asian characters "rats"! it has a quite bad connotation to it (basically it's racist) and even though it wasn't with the intention (calling someone a rat because of their behaviour, etc.), it's still wrong! sincerely from an asian :>
Our team has worked full time to produce the first study - timeline, decisions, policy tools - for six East Asian cases (PRC, HK, Taïwan, Japan, ROK and SG). And the lésons to be learned. 77 pages.  …
Happy birthday, Bodhi! Our second oldest Asian turns 16 today and what a journey it has been. From rambunctious youngster & buddy to Billy, to a steady teacher to Chuck & Jake, & Groucho’s main man, it’s been amazing to watch Bodhi grow and thrive since he joined us in 2011. 
I swear every Asian house got surah yaseen hanged up somewhere on the wall.
Maharajah is an Asian Elephant with a fascinating story. He has inspired artwork and novels. From India, to Edinburgh, to Belle Vue, to Manchester Museum, and the most recent stop on Maharajah’s journey was Piccadilly train station last summer A daily thread of awe & wonder... 
It's a bald cap im 99% sure but the imagery of baldness on women (from my asian perspective) has always been very negative and equated to losing beauty and feminity so for her to portray baldness itself is so cool and especially baldness as an ideal of femininity
In partnership with @publicintegrity, a look at how federal agencies are doing little about the rise in anti-Asian hate. (1/5)  …
Here's a big piece from me and @ikran on the impact coronavirus is having on black and  in the UK. We spoke to doctors, epidemiologists, charities,  leaders in Sheffield, Blackburn, Birmingham, Manchester, and across London:  …
new from me and @HannahAlOthman - How The UK's Black And Asian Communities Are Being Hit Hard By The Coronavirus  …
Look to Pakistan, African & South East Asian nations to see China’s rapid expansion of ownership of mines & ports. Look to the UK for her attempts to secure our  industry via the Huawei deal, her offer to buy British Steel & her offer to develop our nuclear power stations
The pandemic is fuelling deplorable #racism and discrimination, especially against Asian people...with untold human costs. -- leading science journal @Nature wrote in its editorial "Stop the #coronavirus stigma now"  
Trump and MAGA pointedly ignoring a young woman leader + also success of Asian countries (Taiwan also has a woman leader)  …
You, As An Asian Male, Don’t Get To Dictate What Is Said Within The Black Community. Period. Black People Will Eventually Have The Discussion Whether Or Not The Word Is Beneficial & Detrimental For Us. Don’t Worry About What We Do
Y'all I have no against with Olivia Culpo. She was indeed an amazing queen during her reign and MU opened many doors to her. It's just that, many asian especially filipinos haven't moved on yet with the biggest heartbreak in pageantry they've (we) experienced
In our last house, we lived in a road where there were many professional Asian families. The houses were large and often four generations lived together. Shopping, cooking, cleaning, childcare and elderly care was shared allowing the parents to work. To me, it worked well ... 1/2
Lockdown better be over before Eid Cos I wanna dress up in asian
These weren't parties. It was outreach to discourage fear of Asian Americans. We're so grateful that @SpeakerPelosi stepped up to confront xenophobia in the early days of this crisis when Asian-owned businesses were suffering due to stigma. To paint this otherwise is despicable  …
Asian countries have invested heavily in digital contact-tracing, which uses technology to warn people when they have been exposed to the coronavirus. Massachusetts is using an old-fashioned means: people. 
ATTENTION On April 17th at 11 PM KST, we will celebrate Jessica Jung's birthday using the hashtag: #/HappyJessicaJungDay. Our queen deserves all of our love! Our goals are: #1 in Thailand (if possible in other Asian countries) and Top5 in world trends! 
𝙨𝙖𝙞𝙣𝙩 𝙨𝙪𝙥𝙥𝙖𝙥𝙤𝙣𝙜 — ba asian studies, ust — his glow up happened while in ust — doesn't wanna talk about the guy he attended paskuhan '17-'18 with — 'we don't even talk anymore' — wears adidas on a daily basis — 'yung boyfriend nya daw taga-la salle' 
If you’re Asian the only N word you should be using is Nikkah
Asian stock markets retreated from their highest levels for a month and the dollar extended gains as the damage to the world economy soured appetite for risk  
Isn't that the guy that specifically said he didn't like black or Asian women?? 
The people going around dropping lip syncing Asian dudes with bowl cuts in everybody's mentions are the most mysterious cult on the planet.
USA Today: Foreign policy experts call for end to hate crimes against Asian   … via @usatoday
Did I miss it, or are Asian celebs/writers/influencers mighty quiet about the racist treatment of Africans in China? But I saw slews of black folks going hard in the paint about the xenophobia Asian-Americans experienced bc of Corona. Hmm. 
theres nothing wrong about being filipino its just that the host and guest said it on purpose saying that ‘all asian look the same’
Honored to join nearly 200 scholars & professionals in foreign policy & national security that have drafted & signed a statement condemning anti-Asian racism, calling upon US elected leaders to stand against prejudice & in solidarity w/   …
"We did not close the world economy in 1957 when the world endured the Asian Flu pandemic, which caused 1.1 million worldwide deaths, 160,000 in the United States"  …
This Idiot Traffic Warden should be Sacked. Is this Asian Warden being Racist picking on these White Ambulance Workers. ??  …
Elephants are the largest land animal. They can express grief, use tools,  and demonstrate self-awareness. In Asian folklore they are a symbol of wisdom and are admired for their memory and intelligence. 
BREAKING: Downing Street has confirmed that a review will take place into why people from black, Asian and minority ethnic backgrounds appear to be disproportionately affected by coronavirus. Listen live ►  
My question now is will #BorisJohnson Govt center Black, Asian & Ethnic Minorities in it's #Covid_19 response? If the purpose of the review is to say they've done a formal review with no immediate actionable  I won't mince my words  …
asian parents be like “don’t believe anyone on the internet” but then go around forwarding messages from whatsapp groupchats
asian baby girl for about two hours 
Just say you don't care about racism towards Black and Asian folks and be done.  …
Petite Asian Girl Gets Brutally Fucked for 3 Weeks Straight by Sleep Schedule
This is so unacceptable. What are all of you going to do to prevent this happening again? It can’t just be the job of Asian Australians to call this out  …
Its a humble request to Asian Development Bank (ADB) @ADB_HQ To immediately issue payments to Jamshoro Power Project which are held from last two months Kindly look into the matter urgently and support business who are already suffering due to Covid19 @PakistanADB
For #FolkloreThursday's animal theme --- A Taiga (Russo-Asian) folktale about co-operation between a Tiger and a Sunflower when the weather  extreme: 'The Little Tiger on the Sunflower / Tigryonok na podsolnukhe' (1981) dir. Leonid Nossyrev. 
The first Asian Coochie I’ll ever Eat I’ll try to use Chopsticks
From 2017 but well worth repeating. British-Pakistani researchers say grooming gangs are 84% Asian  …
Two great news 4 Ppl of Pakistan today. 1-IK declared as "Muslim Man of the Year" 2- is included in G20 debt relief plan after IK’s address. IK has shown all the qualities of good leadership. InShah'Allah will progress and  real Asian Tiger very soon. #ImranKhan
Illuminating. It seems that @tezilyas - an enthusiast for #YouClapForMeNow thinks "Asian" grooming gangs are a source for rich humour. Wonder if the tens of thousands of young girls victimised by such gangs were laughing along?  …
There has been an obvious and ugly rise in anti-Asian racism in Australia. This is the latest attack in what is  a long line:  …
Lalla’s fake apology is just...wow. Let me just hou my bek. Also, the dumbass coloureds who don’t see anything wrong but wanna cry about the coloured plight every other day until it came to your Asian fetish queen: your p also.
So now, the media that hates President Trump action takes the knee-jerk opposite position to him. Let it be clear that Asian economies that did well in this pandemic do so because of past experiences (SARS, MERS) & developed their own institutional capacity and ACTED VIGILANTLY.
Proud to support this initiative--but devastated that it's necessary. Foreign policy experts call for end to hate crimes against Asian  Readers  … via @usatoday @hrw @hrw_chinese @SeashiaVang @EBKania @BradMAdams @FBencosme @johnsifton
Allow me to show how Asian economies DO NOT follow the WHO  of NOT TO TRACE/CURB TRAVELS (remember that the WHO said not to curb/restrict travels to Hubei & also until late Feb said not to curb travels to OUTBREAK areas).  …
Southeast Asian men and their misogynistic asses love to call women who are armys as low IQ but in reality they would stutter in front of one and won't even be able to hold a decent conversation
bitches in asian sororities scare me
RE: the reoccurring question, are Filipinos Asian or Pacific Islander? Filipino twitter, once again, conveniently forgetting that race is more of a political identity (proximity to power) than it is a cultural one.
you think having low iq is accepted in this Asian house sksksks
I’ve heard a few Southeast Asian officials argue that Beijing cannot be blamed for the pandemic, because the central government took swift action after the local cover-up was discovered. But this is not true:  ….
Don’t attach locations or ethnicity to the disease, this is not a “Wuhan Virus”, “Chinese Virus” or “Asian Virus” - UNICEF Guidelines to prevent COVID-19 stigmatization #CitiCBS #COVID19
If Rishi Sunak is to prove his Asian credentials, his next press conference should make a point of directly addressing other old people and saying "LOOK WHAT TOM DID! £12M HE RAISED! WHY CAN'T YOU BE LIKE TOM? I WISH HE WAS MY SON! GET UP AND WALK!"  …
Some things from my trip to Guangzhou on Monday. The Sanyuanli and Xiaobei areas are typically bustling with African and South Asian traders, but they were empty of foreigners on Monday. Constant suspicious glances, guards telling me to go home.  …
Genuinely felt to cry when I analysed how this whole ting will impact Black and  To the point that I don't really want to tweet about it. We've really gotta buckle our seat belts. Keep our spirits up, our minds intact, our physical health on point
I’ve just read that: 47% of all people in intensive care are black/asian (this seems so high I need someone to fact check it) 100% of doctor deaths are black/asian 50% of nurse deaths are black/asian Unbelievable figures. Just unbelievable.
Retirement ain’t bad folks! Killed it! Lol. From the sea, to the shore, to the preparation, to the pan, to the table. Flathead fillets smeared in Dijon mustard, coated in mixture of panko crumbs, thyme, salt and pepper. With Asian salad. 
✦ hello i'm very new to twitter ;o * jeremy * he/him * bi [ mostly guys ; ] * turning 16 * big sub * asian uhh like for dm ¿ retweet for mutuals ? i really dont know how any of this works 
Don’t take it out on Asian Australians in the search for a scapegoat for Covid-19 | Jason Yat-sen Li  …
Japan's Abel to declare nationwide state of emergency. Asian lock-down/shutdown/"circuit breakers" intensifying. Lock-down extended in India till 3 May & Vietnam by 1 week.
A replacement airline with fresh practices, modern labor contracts and perhaps the benefits of an Asian shareholder’s low overhead costs will pose more threat to Qantas than Virgin Australia ever will.  …
Asian growth to grind to a halt for first time in 60 years: IMF 
suddenly i'm white too the asian is just short for caucasian  …
Pay Black Dommes Pay Asian Dommes Pay White Dommes Pay Hispanic/Latino Dommes Pay Dommes who are green with orange polka dots Stop lurking and Pay Dommes period! All you have to do is sit there. These Women work their Ass of for you so pay them!
Some of them memang jarang ambik tau pasal asian/europe countries and think everything revolves around them
Southeast Asian Archaeology colouring pages to help you pass the time under lockdown  …
Read the Black Anarchism reader, learn about African Anarchism/Indigenous Anarchism/Asian Anarchism and unwhiten ur idea of "Anarchism".
All the anti asian graffiti in my neighborhood has made it much more depressing and dangerous feeling to walk around. I’m glad I bought myself flowers.
STAY AWAKE. The Trump administration is paving the way for a wave of hate against Chinese (and as a result, Chinese Americans and other Asian Americans) like we have not seen in generations. I’m not saying this lightly—the potential for harm is enormous.  …
What is disturbing is the longer #covid19aus goes on for, the more it feels like there's a growing shift from simply  & harassment to physical assaults against Chinese & Asian Australians. Increasingly people don't feel safe going about their everyday lives  …
Asian women never make you pay for your own food
It's time to go to bed dear Do you like this cute bedtime & no makeup look? What do you wear to bed? #nightgown #asian #nomakeup See the rest of this cute look on my onlyfans 25% OFF ALL SUBS until all spots are taken!  
Along with my regular Takimag column, this week you can read me in the Spring 2020 issue of The Agonist. You won't find a better essay that takes Stephen Sondheim, Ronald Reagan, the n-word & Asian actors, and relates them to #COVID19, That's MY  …
so a group of us asian deaf womxn made a video about anti-asian racism:  … @whynayo @linasigns @pursuitofreroot
Honored to join nearly 200 scholars and professionals in national security to condemn anti-Asian racism and call upon U.S. elected leaders to stand against prejudice and in solidarity with  #NoAAPIHate  …
Asian markets fall as pandemic impact weighs 
In the wake of anti-Asian bigotry, @SpeakerPelosi came to San Francisco's Chinatown to stand with the Asian  With "Chinese virus" references & while condoning anti-Chinese racism, Trump has stirred up that bigotry.  …
Apparently people don't realize that all these SE Asian countries whose covid numbers they're busy insisting are wrong based on zero evidence are a big reason why bird flu didn't  a global pandemic. I guess it's easier to be racist than admit they might be good at this.
Rest in power, fellow NYC teacher, writer, Asian American empowered woman extraordinaire. A number of my friends knew you, Kimarlee. Your loss is senseless. (And selfishly to say, this hits really close to home. We need more people like you, and I promise to write like hell.)  …
One of my Asian American heroes is @nowhannahwon. She is single handedly managing the @davidkim2020 campaign during a PANDEMIC. She left her home to live in California to ensure that he gets elected so we can get UBI passed and end poverty. She is a true hero.  
And this... Liberals table budget bill to join China’s Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank - The Globe and Mail  …
Indonesian textbooks represent gender equality better than their South Asian counterparts, but our analysis shows portrayals of women are still biased.  …
Name your best Asian Historical War movies Mine, The Lost Blademen, Redcliff, The War Lords.
An Asian Brown Flycatcher at The Railway Park, Bangkok.  
did any other asian kids have a crippling fear of being an asian stereotype in highschool so you  by doing a lot of drugs and having a lot of sex but all it did was emotionally drain you and make your identity crisis even more severe or was that just me
BTW this is not about anti-blackness in China. This is about white and Asian diaspora China watchers saying whatever they want about China, when it's convenient for them to do so. If ur using this logic to prevent discussions about anti-blackness u can fuck right off.
[VOTING PARTY] One down, on the next one! Let's POWER VOTE for SB19 on Starmometer's Southeast Asian Idol Groups Battle from 8AM-10AM! LINK:  Can we reach 120K votes? LEZGETIT! @SB19Official #SB19 
One of my Asian American heroes is @PagetKagy because she chose to use her public platform to make a stand for #UBI. She could have done so many things with her voice but she chose to help eradicate poverty. That's beautiful! Thank you Paget! 
asian twitter yall better take this into consideration like you do everytime i speak out about racism inflicted onto us! 
. @PWComicsWorld just published the back matter essay I wrote for Superman Smashes the Klan, my  @DCComicsKids GN with @gurihiru @thejanicechiang. I examine the history of anti-Asian racism in America (among other topics). If you're interested:  
"On Earth uses the kishōtenketsu structure of east Asian narratives, which doesn't rely on conflict to advance story. As Vuong told Kevin Nguyen, “It insists that a narrative structure can survive and thrive on proximity alone. Proximity builds tension.”  …
A reporter asked Pelosi, "how irrational is it that people are staying away from Asian-owned business"? Pelosi responded, "It doesn’t make any sense, but it’s not just Asian-owned now.....
can’t believe i ever wanted to be *not* Asian internalized colonialism really fucks you up!!!
Asian Student Group at San Diego State University ‘Zoombombed’ by Racists  …
. @EvelynYang is an Asian American hero. By sharing her story of sexual assault she helped other  forward and reclaim their voices. 
Asian twitter's acc a mess LOOOL someone explain why there's weekly verbal between strangers on the Internet pls? Jokemen
me looking back at the rise of asian american cinema these last few years 
This is absolutely horrific. The anti-Asian racism that has been increasing lately is not just in America, but all across the Western world.  …
throw back to the time when my fifth grade class stuck their pinkies at me bc its the "asian middle finger" so i stuck up my middle finger at them
Thank you @AndrewYang for being a true #AAmericanHero We will continue to work for Asian American representation, and for increased voter participation! Let’s do this 
[VOTING PARTY] One down, on the next one! Let's POWER VOTE for SB19 on Starmometer's Southeast Asian Idol Groups Battle from 8AM-10AM! LINK:  Can we reach 120K votes? LEZGETIT! @SB19Official #SB19 
'We call upon U.S. leaders at every level and in every sector to take action against anti-Asian racism.' I’m glad to have signed this statement by foreign policy professionals on rising hate crimes against AAPIs. Thank you @EBKania for  …
goodmorning from your local asian 
My #AAmericanHeroes are all Asian Americans, past and present, who have ignited the fire in  to speak up for themselves and other oppressed groups. You can only gain deep respect when you can show that you're proud and strong enough to respect yourself. 
Just want to say Birx's touting today for at least the second time of US death rates "much lower" than elsewhere (i.e. parts of Europe) is yet another erasure of the Asian experience of pandemic response. Korea's rate is in fact much lower, 2%.
If you are ordering food delivery please support Asian businesses.  here in Queens is mostly East Asian. They have been very dramatically impacted.
I'm proud to have signed this letter. Thanks to @EBKania and many others for spearheading the effort and inviting me to join. "We call upon U.S. leaders at every level and in every sector to take action against anti-Asian racism"  …
Despite the hate and racism directed towards Asian Americans during this time, there are Asian American heroes who are serving on the frontlines of the pandemic each and every day. #HATEISAVIRUS #AAmericanHeroes
Op-Ed: Why it’s time for Canadians to be bolder against anti-Asian racism in the age of COVID-19  … via @torontostar
The Confederate protestors gathering in groups endanger themselves and others in a pandemic. They also say Chinese Virus and direct hate towards Asian Americans. Sometimes I get death threats by email or even phone. I just wish they stopped endangering lives with their actions.
We're taking a bit of a "palate cleanser" from all the Asian themed builds with this chic-mission revival style townhouse inspired by a house in San Francisco!  #TheSims #TheSims4 #Sims4 
Someday medicare for all will be a reality. Though perhaps not soon, it is inevitable. And it will be due to the activism of Bernie Sanders and his coalition, for being pioneers on this front. Shout out to @ProudResister and all the others paving this path.
Amidst this crisis, I have been exhausted and discouraged—and hating to feel so helpless watching such awful things happening throughout the country and worldwide, including horrific incidents of racist assaults targeting Asian diaspora and  #RacismisaVirus
South Asian Liberalism: the video 
I stand behind our Asian American Heroes and would like to thank our Asian American family for being a valuable part of our country and society #AAmericanHeroes
Nearly 200 foreign policy and national security professionals have signed on to this pledge to stand against anti-Asian racism and promote solidarity with  I'm honored to be among the team of drafters for this effort. #NoAAPIHate  …
Thinking of  like one of those psychotic Asian American tankie girls who obsessively fetishizes a utopian imagined version of her ancestral homeland except I do it with Portugal
In light of the increase in misguided racism towards Asian Americans, we're trending #AAmericanHeroes today at 7 PM EST to recognize the efforts that Asian Americans are doing everyday to fight the virus. Tweet a picture of an Asian American you know who is making an impact!
Ah, yes. Let's make a mockery of all the girls raped at the hands of predominantly Asian Muslim men, for the 'lols' whilst you share a manipulative propaganda piece in attempt to gain sympathy from us, one which proclaims 'our nation has gone' too...gtfo.  …
I'm honored to be one of the drafters of this statement, which urges support for Asian diaspora and  I'm also grateful to @EBKania and @chenniferann for spearheading this initiative and to all of the signatories for offering their  …
Anti-blackness is so disgusting and prevalent in Asia, I hope my black sisters and brothers stay strong in this horrible situation. As an Asian, we need to talk more about this, not hide the sickening part of  and act like nothing is going on.  …
Excited for my talk "Racial Contagion, Racial Enclosure: Yellow Peril in Du Bois and Tsiang's Black Atlantic" for David Hobbs' fabulous class The Du Bois Era (NYU). Wish I could be a student in it. I'll share new work on Afro-Asian labor, disease, & fear in the time of COVID. 
Anti-Asian racism makes Americans less safe. I’m proud to join a bipartisan group of scholars and professionals in foreign policy and national security as we stand in solidarity with  #NoAAPIHate 
As an asian leftist and seeing the anti blackness in  , I am not going to force black leftists to support us or throw their lives on the line for us, but I still stand against those who spread western imperialist interests.
As a drafter of this letter, I am standing with more than 150 diverse foreign policy experts in calling for an end to racism against Asians & Asian Americans and pledging to be part of the needed change. I invite all to join us. 1/4 #NoAAPIHate  … @USATODAY
"We call upon US leaders at every level & in every sector to take action against anti-Asian racism." At a dark time, it was a true privilege to see next-gen experts lead on this statement—& a source of optimism to see such wide-ranging bipartisan support.  …
China delayed by 6 days, and the United States delayed by 72 days, but the AP's focus is on what China could have done better. The AP is absolutely just trolling all East Asian readers at this stage. They're just seeing how annoyed they can make us all as a group.
Forget the BRI: the milk tea alliance is set to reshape Asian strategic allegiances 
Joe Biden's now been endorsed by a black candidate, an Asian candidate and a Hispanic candidate. And that was just Liz Warren. LMFAO
I was on @NPR's @OnPointRadio to discuss Asian American discrimination and the coronavirus crisis. I hope you'll give it a listen.  …
i am so excited about @neverhaveiever bc there are SO FEW shoes with south asian leads, let alone full series about horny south asian teenage girls even if it doesn’t perfectly represent me, its existence opens up more doors for brown girls’ stories to be told and made
Days ago, an Emirati made  about certain ethnic group from Asian subcontinent. Today he is arrested. Bravo #UAE for standing against racism Ironically, he was trying, in his clumsy way, to stand for Egyptians in Kuwait. But that is no  …
So many South Asian cis men are so OVERWHELMINGLY misogynist (especially to South Asian femmes) like I get it you have a fancy degree cool you don’t have to talk over me
Appealing to the Asian Community in the UK. My Brother in law is desperately in need of a Kidney Donor.If any Asian Brother or Sister can help it would be gratefully appreciated. His Blood type is B positive #Asians #KidneyDisease @HarjapBhangal please rt
It’s time to activate the #YangGang because @AndrewYang is on “Tamron Hall” this Thursday! Don’t miss it as he talks how he hopes Asian Americans  part of the solution against COVID-19. Plus, @SuzeOrmanshow teaches us how to stay finically stable during these tough 
Just got word that every business in the Eastview strip mall (corner of Montreal Rd / North River ), including the Green Fresh Asian grocery store, have received eviction notices. It’s getting real for a lot of people. This will impact the  tremendously. 
Let's also note that the direct economic harm of allowing @USPS to collapse will be asymmetrical: A full 39% of its workforce consists of people of color—21% of employees are Black, 8% are Hispanic, 8% are Asian/Pacific Islander and 0.67% Native.  …
Exciting postdoc opportunity in Afro-Asian diaspora studies at Brandeis!  …
I’m proud to sign this statement. Kudos to ⁦ @EBKania⁩ and ⁦ @chenniferann⁩ for spearheading the initiative to demand accountability from our leaders to take action again the rise in hate crimes against Asian-Americans.  …
"We call upon U.S. leaders at every level and in every sector to take action against anti-Asian racism and express support for Asian diaspora and  Important public statement from a distinguished group of scholars and  …
Folks, I'm looking for the following: COLORIST (two work on 2 films - one Arthouse, the second is #lolasjourney) ALSO, for #lolasjourney SCRIPT SUPERVISOR ASIAN MALE ACTOR, 30s-50's (DR) BLACK/AFRICAN AMERICAN PLUS SIZE WOMAN, 40s-50s (NURSE) Email: analydiamonaco@gmail.com
"Where would Britain be today without these Asian doctors who managed to *checks notes* die" 
Was honored to sign this letter, condemning the rising levels of violence against Asian Americans.  …
i don't understand why asian twitter cares so much abt people they don't know to the point they're constantly talking shit and stirring up drama. problematic ass bitches. block them or keep your mouth shut?? it's that simple!!
He looked like that guy people on Twitter where drooling over. Until they found out he doesn't date Asian and black women. So. What I got from all those tweets is... He must be a centaur. Twitter has spoketh.
i think its hilarious that yall stay writing mafia fics for "sexy purposes" without even researching socio-economic and political dynamics of asian regions to make ur fics even the slightest bit believable. bc ofc! all mafias do is sell drugs! in 2020? GET TO GOOGLE!
first of all??? i think its goddamn weird that some of u are 30+ y.o straight white women writing mlm smut involving asian men way younger than you are. yall need to get out there and get laid! stop writing about pregnant myg wanting someone to piss on him goddamit!
"Asian Americans are living in fear not just of COVID-19 but of racism targeting  I refuse to be scared into silence." Don't miss @kellyyanghk's powerful piece Our Voice Is Our Armour in @ELLEmagazine  
fic writers are too goddamn brave for a bunch of people who cant be arsed to even write a college au that doesnt involve SNU bc ofc sk only has 1 (one) damn university. yall stay erasing asian contemporary culture in ur fics but u  here and make 
Sneak peek: ERC20 activity over time. Tether's explosive growth and Asian user base are clearly visible. Data: @flipsidecrypto $USDT $USDC $DAI : Stablecoins $LINK $MKR $ZRX : DeFi Protocols $HT $LEO $OKB : Exchange 
It kills me knowing that Asian people are going to be discriminated against heavily even after COVID19 has passed. I urge everyone to call that shit out if you see it.
Why there are so many Asian-Americans in fashion, and how they changed the industry  
Thanks for having me, @ModelMajorityP. We  together  anti-Asian racism throughout this crisis and beyond.  …
I refuse to say bad things about China online because yes, there are important conversations we need to have, but I will not be tweeting about it on a public platform where westerners including Asian diaspora can and will use these criticisms as fodder for the American empire.
It looks like Brunei is about to get the punitive survey treatment from China. Brunei! Looks like Beijing is determined to alienate all of its Southeast Asian neighbours...  …
The unique character in this story is deputy national security adviser Matt Pottinger, who previously covered the SARS epidemic in Asia for WSJ. He viewed COVID-19 as a grave threat early on & had been in regular talks w/ Asian contacts on masks & other protective measures 
It's always these btches, accusing us fetishizing asian while we're an asian, speak over us, deciding either we should offended or not, treat asian like a mindless robot, stan asian yet oblivious with their struggles. And these btches  from US or UK. Its always them.
If ur asian stop using the N word, you fucking degenerate
white people legitmately thinking an asian man has to speak about whatever they deem important or else hes disingenuous and insincere is peak white privilege .
I hope na makagawa ka pa ng more acting projects. I hope na marami ang maka recognized ng acting mo sa ibang bansa. I'm praying na more acting awards for you. @aldenrichards02 Asian Star Prize. My happy day. 
Man, at this point were going to have to stop our family members from going in to work at the hospital because why's everyone that's dying Black or Asian? TF is happening please?
Before the cataclysmic fires this year wiped out their habitats & burned 1000s of koala bears, the species' survival was threatened by an AIDS-like retrovirus wiping out their immune systems. Aussie scientists say that new  from SE Asian bats.  …
At my local grocery store today, an Asian woman in line ahead of me took out her credit card but it fell from her hand & landed underneath the shelving. Her other hand was full, so I volunteered to get it for her. She was extra-appreciative, no thanks needed though. /1
Dear MPS Asian & Asian-American students, families, and staff: We stand with you. If you are targeted by anti-Asian racism, consider using these resources from MPS and Asian-American coalitions to guide you in next steps toward healing and justice. More:  …
Watch as Republicans dismiss genuine concern and fear in the Asian  To them it's just a joke. It's just another political game... Because it's not their families at risk. Maybe one day he'll figure out his district is 9% Asian.  …
“Asian the baddest , might change my name to Asian Da Savage” - @AsianDaBrattt
We are excited to be accepting submissions along the theme of 'Life After COVID-19' from our South Asian  We’d love to hear your dreams, fears and ideas, so send through your submission before 30 April to be published in the 3rd edition of our quarterly zine. 
@genji and sparrow being an insult. listen. asian parents. insults are indistinguishable from terms of endearments. my mom calls me a piece of shit with a smile
nsfw twt stop sexualizing asian people challenge
This time we added zines about COVID19 care among Asian American feminists, wearing masks in Hong Kong and the US, COVID19 self-care practices among yoga practitioners, what is in anthropomorphic paintings from the US National Gallery of Art's hearts,  
Technology to reign supreme after the coronavirus: Jacques Attali - Nikkei Asian Review  …
Collecting data about race is fundamental to understanding this outbreak. We know the health care system underserves  We know that Latinx and  experience overlapping but distinct barriers to care, too.
3. Given the lethality of the disease, the public health measures have been prudential. If such action were not taken, the toll of this pandemic might rival the 1958 Asian Flu which took over 1m people or, worse, the 1918 Spanish Flu where an estimated 50m people passed away.
asian doll is so cute 
This is the most batshit insane take I've seen yet on #COVID19. The writer warns "wearing a face mask is a sign of collectivism" and Americans using them are "adopt[ing] an Asian cultural identity" like "the red belts worn by  ...what???  …
If you find insanely dumb coronavirus takes entertaining, read @ckchumley's latest article on how wearing masks forces us to adopt "an Asian cultural identity."  …
"good   the fuck on  …
the washington times published an op-ed suggesting that wearing masks in public is a "pandora's box" that will reprogram americans into  with an "asian cultural identity" 
Congratulations to @ProfFarahKC for being elected Vice President of the SAA @SAAupdates, I believe you are the first woman of South Asian descent to hold this honor and to @DennisBritton3 and @pakhimie for being elected to the Board #ShakeRace 
Eeeeek!!! I’m so excited, I have just found  with stocks of plain and self raising flour I have ordered several kilos, they are  called Green Dragon, they were established in 1968 and cater for the Asian market. #isolationbaking 
i probably miss the korean dry cleaners on my block the most. they closed a few days ago and are one of the only asian businesses in a few blocks' radius. we share  languages but with the few english words we have in between, we talk. the fam always asks how i'm doing.
Editor and writer friends: I'm currently looking for two sensitivity readers for an  manuscript. If you've worked with a Black or South Asian reader you'd  send me an email or a DM?
I'm looking for a postdoc to join our team working on Asian citrus psyllid #IPM @UFIFASCitrusREC @UFEntomology @EntsocAmerica #UFBugs #UF 
It's uniquely Chinese, and will keep being so, which also means the society depicted therein is adjacent to Chinese society, which MAY resemble other asian societies. It is part of why it resonates with me and many others. If it doesn't resonate with you, find another novel.
#ZaintSee’s iconic performance on EP9 has got to be one of the most realistic I’ve ever seen in an Asian BL & I can’t wait for others to take notes of how it should be done . The bar has been set, really high at that.
bought a bunch of tapioca pearls + other boba supplies from the online asian grocer and am now learning how to make cheese foam this pandemic will not stop me from getting my fix
one last thing: this  from a nonbinary bisexual asian (because that's the only time any of you EVER listen, when we precede our tweets with our Credentials), homophobia is a reality of our daily lives, and it's not going to magically go away bc a couple got together.
want more moots ig? -15 -mar -dom+ -asian rt for moots, like for dm <3 
Trump’s fulminations against the ‘Chinese virus’ have provoked hate crimes against Asian-Americans. A group of young Orthodox Jews coughed in the face of a young Muslim police officer, who now has the virus. Must read by  …
#KallaSohnaNai AllMost 3 Week - 45.3M 1.6M Like -Highest Commented Song @DesiMFactory No 1 & India No 10th Position 221K Cmt - @youtubemusic Trending No 13 In 3 Week - Most Asian Watch Song No 29th - @gaana Music 15M #BhulaDunga 5M #BhulaDunga With Youtube Aid Not Show 
Asian girls that act white are the worst
I wish asian parents stopped pulling down their kids and making them feel worthless, this shit is toxic af and only increase our insecurities
East Asian countries have had striking success flattening the #Covid_19 curve. Here's 
Today’s guest: @mina_kimes! Bella & Lenny meet, no-shoes-in-the-house-Asian vibes, quarantine fruit juice, & Etch Sketchin. Thnx  on @minakimes & tag from @mikegolicjr! Producer cred: @blackdragonroll @r0bato. Full video interview on 
I’ve been drawing daily portraits of the NHS workers who have died and it’s very apparent how indebted we are and always have been to the Black and Asian folks who continue to bear the brunt of this pandemic both as carers, and as it’s victims 
Japan’s Prime Minister said Wednesday that Japan has banned entry from 49 more countries, including the U.S., Canada, all of China, South Korea and seven Southeast Asian countries.  …
Guess I’m not Asian lol  …
That’s right. To quote the Asian Forensic Scientist in the OJ Simpson case, when  to the WHO, “Something Wrong”.....  …
while partying with bobby, remember he won smtm 3, had his own album, and took part in asian syndicate with other bigtime artists. there's absolutely nothing he cant do. #PARTYWITHBOBBY #iKON #아이콘 @YG_iKONIC 
Here's your daily dose of good. Hiroyuki Arakawa is a scuba diver. Yoriko is a fish. They're both BFF's. For decades, Arakawa has been diving near Tateyama, Japan, to visit Yoriko—an Asian sheepshead wrasse. This is their story.  
"As Asian Americans, we are dealing with dueling fears—fear of the virus itself and fear of xenophobia, a pandemic just as scary as the virus. I have lost count of how many times I’ve been asked if I have the coronavirus." @kellyyanghk 
Those three pillars of fandom are constantly used to beat fans of color down for and silence us when we start talking about the racism baked into Western media fandom (and western fans fandom-ing for Asian media). It's an actual red flag, one that in this case is racist.
Afghan/Pashtun freedom struggle against British empire in different forms is an important chapter of the Asian freedom struggle. But it's totally blacked out in official history books in Pakistan where collaborators of colonial period dominated power. #FreedomFighterFaqirIpi
Asian dads watching their kids filling out their government forms for them at 7 years old 
Hi friends, we need help in finding a recovered Covid patient's plasma with blood type A+, donor needs to be a recovered covid patient below 65 yrs old who can donate their plasma to Asian Hospital, please refer and contact me asap. Thank you. #PlasmaDonation #COVID19PH
Asian paints has given relief to all its distributors. Hence It is asking for the same relief from its suppliers! Media just makes too much NOISE!
I haven’t seen a single Asian person saying something about this. Yikes.  …
Are you even asian if you haven’t been on holiday to Turkey?
MERS: Middle East Respiratory Syndrome; German Measles; Ebola (Ebola River); Hantavirus (Hantan River); West Nile Virus; Guinea Worm. English-language Chinese/East Asian media initially referred to the ‘Wuhan virus’. WHO insisted it be called Covid-19 under Chinese pressure.  …
ASIAN ASIAN EATING MOMS AT TABLES 
UNBREAKABLE is ranked 7th on @DriveThruRPG's Bestselling Titles! You've shown us that Asian stories by Asian creators matter. Let's keep the momentum & get us to Copper Bestseller! We also got our first 5-star review! Thank you for your support! #UnbreakableAnthology #DnD  
asian parents think having a big bum is a sin
Asian Americans who sit around and type performative tweets about how much they hate themselves and are drowning in their guilt do absolutely nothing  anti-blackness. Anti-blackness absolutely should be addressed but this behavior is incredibly self-serving.
seeing that "nursingnotes" account just unobtrusively appear in your timeline every few hours to announce that another Black or Asian nurse has died speaks to an unbearable racial violence at the heart of this society that is merely intensified or further laid bare by this crisis
Please for the love of God research the historical emasculation of Asian men (which is linked to racism) in the West before you decide to talk about anything regarding masculinity re: the portrayal of Asian men in media if you are not Asian yourself.
Blockchain gaming platform @enjin is opening up its wallet to Chinese users ahead of a planned expansion into the Asian nation. @Sebsinclair1989  …
Yale American Studies Statement on Anti-Asian Racism 
First ever gig. I was 15, obsessed with the band and I remember being amazed my South Asian parents let me go to this and on a school night of all things. I crowdsurfed, I sang my heart out, and it was quite honestly one of the best nights of my life. What was your first gig? 
So @IPL is postponed & now @BCCI would definitely try to grab the window of the Asia Cup. Let’s see if the Asian Cricket Council eventually succumb to the pressure of ruling elite or successfully hold the event! Chances are dim though.
NASI GORENG is such a simple dish, yet so significant to our Asian culture! Semua orang ada cara dan resipi tersendiri. This is how I make mine!! 
The Chinese government has restricted the flow of the Mekong River, threatening the lives and livelihood of millions of people in Thailand, Vietnam and Laos. Asian countries need to stand in solidarity against tyranny. #StopMekongDam  …
The South Asian workers gave their sweat and blood to turn UAE from a barren desert into the wonder that it is today. Hence yes, shame on you  …
ok can a jew please get me a cute brown or asian gf or something then?  …
Vietnam introduces ‘fake news’ fines amid rapid spread  online about the novel coronavirus in the Southeast Asian country  via @nghaphuonggg 
Southeast Asian leaders and their East Asian partners have backed the setting up of a COVID-19 response fund and a regional reserve of essential medical supplies to bolster their battle against the coronavirus pandemic. 
MJ, Muse, 1D, Eminem, TS, Adele, Madonna, Beyoncé, spice Girls, TT, Queen, Oasis, ED Sheeran, @BTS_twt are the only Artists to have sold out Wembley Stadium... That makes BTS the only Asian act ever to sell out the venue! I can't stress this enough but BTS are fucking Legends!!!
If Asian Paint vendors themselves are getting paid belatedly, what would be the situation for many other  This year is going to be very tough.  …
the wedding scene in crazy rich asian always gets to me
i love that i never see asian women uplifting asian men on the tl
BTS remains the only asian act in history to sell out Wembley Stadium twice 
Sources on Asian Paints say co has sought more time from its vendors to make payments. 
Tibetans will support Vietnam friends - Mekong river originates in Tibet - for 1000s of years we freely shared our rivers with downstream Asian countries - only after China occupied #Tibet in 1950 you get problems.. #StopMekongDam #Thirdpole #FreeTibet  
They got internalized Asian Supremacy  …
OKAY KIDS HERE'S A VERY HELPFUL GUIDE FOR Y'ALL TO FIND OUT IF YOURE AN ASIAN OR A PACIFIC ISLANDER SOMEONE TAG MISS ERICKA IM TECHNICALLY NOT ASIAN VILLONGCO DITO 
#BOOK46 Tatiana Seijas's Asian Slaves in Colonial Mexico: "Young virgins were prized in this way because European and Asian itinerant  purchased women to be their temporary wives, with whom they often had children." #WomenalsoKnowHistory 
This was always how it was going to be. Russia wrote off Central Asian debts and the Central Asian governments always figured China would do the same.  …
I think you misunderstood me. Pacific Islanders aren’t our ancestors, but yes, we’re distantly related to each other. Also, most native Filipinos are thoroughly ‘Asian’ (or rather, Austronesian) in their genetics. European genetic markers via colonisation are a rarity (1-3%).
New Podcast Drop S2E3: In Conversation with Daniel York Loh We finally sit down for an amazing chat with @danielfyork discussing British East Asian rep with @BeatsOrg, #theGoodImmigrant, the 'model minority', getting the 'Rep Sweats' & of course Question Time Guy/ Equity 
hey if you make fun of asian accents but think french accents are sexy then guess what you’re a fucking asshole!
That's lotta otter pups! Asian small-clawed otters Paula and Odie have given birth to four healthy pups; three males and one female, born on 4th Feb. The pups, who were previously nesting, are now big and bold enough to start exploring, which otta keep their parents busy! 
Most portfolio managers trust HDFC Bank, Page Industries, Asian Paints, Pidilite Industries, Berger Paints, HUL and ICICI Bank. 
Vietnam introduces ‘fake news’ fines amid rapid spread  online about the novel coronavirus in the Southeast Asian country  by @nghaphuonggg 
you not considering yourself an asian, means you dont consider yourself being a Filipino. Just practice singing 12:51, Ericka. 
pucha tawang-tawa ako :(((((( we are asian + pacific islanders + hispanic dont @us, the rest of the world
Next stop: International Studies! This course offers opportunities to learn about foreign policies and international relations. AdDU provides 2 areas of specialization: American & Asian Studies. Aspiring to be a diplomat? AB INTERNATIONAL STUDIES is for you! Enroll now! 
why does ericka villongo never shut up like what is this???? "i'm not asian, i'm filipino" 
the antiblackness in asian society and culture is so disgusting, that’s so sad that they’re not able to get food or housing..some Asians only want people to acknowledge the racism towards Asians and Asian Americans when it finally happens to us but stay quiet when it’s other POCs  …
waiting for the asian engineering society key 
y r sum ppl defending her LOL she literally said Filipinos arent asian whatever the fuck she meant idc she dumb
Mythology about the ubiquity of China is going to be used to rationalise everything. Leaving WHO, covering government  authoritarian surveillance, expelling ‘foreign’ influence. Suspecting your Asian neighbour is a spy is going to walk you into fascism.
absolutely lovely art  from @yaetsue of wei wuxian in some traditional south asian clothing!! i love him sm!! 
"Connecting Asian culture to the rest of the world." . @88rising edit made by me hope you guys will like it, love from the . . @dumbfoundead @keithape @richbrian @nikizefanya @sushitrash @HigherBrothers 
Asian Paints announces stiffer payment terms from its dealers due to the carona virus outbreak scenario If a co like Asian Paints can think of doing this I feel other smaller players across many other sectors are also facing huge cash flow stress in this period 
asian check?¿ 
2, 6, & 10. 3, 10, 11, & 12 are all cayenne based hot sauces, so only gonna pick one (Crystal is the best, omfg) 2 is the best Mexican hot sauce, and gonna pick an "Asian" sauce in Sriracha, although I like their chili garlic sauce much much more.
HOWEVER, and i know this from experience, it tastes fucking weird when you put cholula on leftover pad thai that you're eating out of the fridge. not... bad, just weird. sriracha is made with a diff kind of pepper maybe (?) and it just tastes way better on most SE asian food
Good morning from lockdown Joburg where Asian markets are taking breather as warnings of the worst global recession since the 1930s underlined the economic damage already done, as some countries tried to re-open for business. S&P 500 futures -0.40% and JSE Top 40 called -0.52%; 
you say singto collecting all thai men but you forgot pavel collecting all asian men 
NEW: Asian-Australian influencers say they're seeing an influx of racist abuse during the coronavirus pandemic. While doing their job, they're being inundated with messages  like "stop eating bats" or "I'm unfollowing you cause the  from China".  …
Asian Influencers Are Facing More Racist Abuse During The Coronavirus Pandemic  …
Asian Armys do you sit like this? 
Ever seen an asian person's face when you ask them how they drain their rice after its cooked?
"These five economies [Asian Tigers plus Japan] have recorded only 384 deaths from Covid-19 despite having  population of 215 million. The US population is about 330 million, yet it’s recorded more than 22,000 deaths, 70 times as high" 
when people we getting exposed left and right for editing their photos to look asian and i had people up in my curious cat trying to expose me to and i said “lemme stop being half filipino” 
My sister and I are doing a side project - a children’s book about Asian American women that are worth looking up to! Send us ideas here: 
'Tigertail' is a rare film that captures the interiority and full breadth of an Asian immigrant’s story—a story that feels more necessary now than ever. @shirklesxp 
LAST NA what’s the point of calling yourself an “asian baby girl” if you don’t think yourself as asian????????? so bale you’re a “filipino baby girl” ?????? HSHDUDYDUZSIJS AYOKO NA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
please single asian girls 
China’s true sin: ⁦”To⁩ be an Asian country daring to  the world's largest economy”  …
Quite remarkable that this piece weighing up the benefits of wearing face masks mentions Asian countries only once, in the very last sentence. It’s little wonder Westerners look at Asia’s success in containing COVID-19 and think it’s all sorcery.  …
This is no time to quibble about the aesthetics. We've seen significantly lower transmission in Asian countries where face mask usage is more normalized.  …
Can y’all stop being racist to Asian people my god you guys disgust me
also shoutout to seeing asian actors against a late 60s americana backdrop - i absolutely love films with this tone and time period, so finally seeing it done with asian actors was new and special and so fucking cool. east meets west. thank you @alanyang #Tigertail 
Dr. Kim Woo Joo (MD/PhD, Korea U.), his 1st interview was viewed 6M+ times. 30Y veteran dealt w/ SARS, H1N1, Ebola, MERS outbreaks. Asian Boss did a follow-up Q&A on #COVID19: “This Top #Coronavirus Expert From S. Korea Will Answer All Your Questions.” 
filipinos are literally asian mexicans
Finally, All the medal winning Nepali players & coaches from 13th South Asian Games will get the prize money that government had announced. The process of collecting their bank detail is  & money will be deposited to their account, most probably within few days. 
The racism, ageism and sexism that is allowed at @HuffPost never ceases to amaze me. Replace the word white with Black, Asian, or Hispanic, or male with female (or Zer) and see what a different reaction you get.  …
An Asian Barred Owlet at The Railway Park, Bangkok.  
The Asian American Community, including both Republicans and Democrats, have asked you to stop using this type of rhetoric. This language is unhelpful and puts Asian Americans in physical danger. Instead you double down on this hateful rhetoric.  …
[PAvoteWIP]Asian Dragon + Shrine Maiden  
Asian stocks seen retreating from 1-month high as investors reconsider risk  
Guys. An idea. A Disney princess that’s actually south asian without stereotypes and a predictable plot line. She’s hella street smart, sarcastic and super bad ass. @DisneyAnimation your move. 
Fun fact about me: I’m Asian but my first language is Spanish
Asia-Pacific Coronavirus Safety Ranking (as of April 12, 2020) Source: Nikkei Asian Review 
How does race enter into this? Who cares what race Dr. Tam is? You evidently do, but I do not. I care about  The first countries to put border controls on China were Asian nations. Were they all racist? China now bans foreigners. Are they racist?
TikTok US bringing over  features in East Asian photo/video apps 
Asian women deserve the world
Kudos to Harari! Also, didn’t know that during the global Spanish Flu pandemic of 1918-20, India was the hardest hit & almost 5% of its population perished. I’m guessing this is news to most S Asian, but why? Why isn’t this part of our poetry, novels, movies, text books?  …
You know what I'm sick of? Having progressives call random Asian people "my own" or "my people" and demanding  on anything to do with Asians. This has happened COUNTLESS TIMES. I am not the spokesman for Asians on the internet. Your tribalism is showing. Screw off.  …
#OnThisDay in 2017, Miu Hirano became the first Japanese player in years to win a gold medal at the Asian #TableTennis Championships. Re-live @miu_414's epic title-winning victory vs Chen 
zeng keni, master of the asian squat 
Thanks to @theprojecttv and this team for having me on to discuss this. If you've been demoralised by anti-Asian racism during Covid-19, sign this petition in solidarity and help us hit 20K signatures before it heads to parliament. #UnityOverFear   …
While Goldman's new "auto" analyst initiates $TSLA with a "buy," GS's Asian battery analysts are less sanguine on EVs in 2020 1. Global EV unit sales are expected to be down 17% 2. European EV demand expected to be down 25% 3. OEMs do not plan to change their EV launch schedules 
Im laughing so hard miss e r i c k a really just said she isnt asian but a full filipino IM CACKLING THIS BITCH IS SO DUMB HAHAHSHSHSHSHSAH 
The chairman of the @tnhousegop is pushing a racist conspiracy theory attributing the coronavirus pandemic to a “science project” gone wrong. Ignorant reports like this only inflame the xenophobia rampant in our state & endanger the safety of Asian-Americans. Racism is a virus.  …
Big Victory: Our Fleet Sank Two Russian Ships,..., Migita Toshihide, 1904  … #museumarchive 
God bless the Asian-American couple who promised one another they won’t go shopping alone b/c they fear being attacked. Send neighbors to greet them as people in  struggle & awaken us all to the dangerous lie of racism. #covidblessing
The President's racist statements have contributed to a surge in anti-Asian hate crimes across the country. This is unacceptable. We are all in this together and we must stand with our Asian American neighbors.
I've been ordering Asian food once a week to counteract the ignorance.
We are so thrilled to have @GeorgeTakei join us tonight for a conversation about what it means to face history now. He will discuss his family's wrongful incarceration in WWII and the anti-Asian racism on the rise today. #FacingHistoryNow
Thanks to the Houston Royal Oaks & Houston Unity Lions Club groups for providing food/drinks for our Westside officers today. Houston's  continues to rally around our officers during the #COVID19 pandemic and we cannot express our gratitude 
Corona does NOT equal your right to be racist to me or the 
Asian Doll looks GOOD! 
Isn’t that when @SpeakerPelosi told the American people to visit Chinatown and condemned Trump for his anti-Asian racism?  …
This is a hugely historic moment! Americans (even radical ones) need to understand how South  have trenchant inequality w/ savarnas claiming minority status while perpetuating casteism around them. Kudos to @EqualityLabs for the great  …
#Trump is bringing Robert Kraft onto his board to reopen the economy. The man has proven (through frequenting Asian sex clubs in Florida) that he is all about helping small business! #TrumpPressConf 
Imagine being a middling IQ amnat who doesn’t question why you can all of a sudden do a r*cism towards China. Imagine simping for an old Asian woman because she flirts with AmNat politics for now. You people are stupid lmao holy shit have fun getting played 
Central Asian beauty is unmatched
Asian Red-rumped Swallow(I think) I find it difficult to ID from Striated when viewed from underneath like this one that was low over the house yesterday afternoon. 
Inuit getting caught up in anti-Asian hate crimes in Montreal, advocates say  
Thank you @PagetKagy for talking about the effort to trend #AAmericanHeroes tomorrow afternoon at 4-6pm PST! Put a spotlight an Asian American leaders in  and then tag tag 5 people to do the same! Paget starts talking about it at 8m 20s. 
♡♡ Hello, I'm Joulie, I’m an asian illustration student who  and cover work~ ♡♡ I love girls and sneakers and flowers~ #PortfolioDay ♡♡  ♡♡  
Only together, will we will beat this crisis. That said: I condemn all forms of hate / harassment against Asian Americans. I'm counting on my fellow Pennsylvanians to do the same.
They dont hurry up and open up my local Asian beauty salon soon so I can get a Brazilian it is going to look like Sasquatch is trying to crawl out of my speedo at the pool this summer.....
That lady told coloured people not to be offended coz she doesn’t get offended by Asian stereotypes 
EWU This Thursday it is the turn of the  to enter the battlefield and show what they are made of From 12:55 pm CEST these eastern  into action.. they promise amazing wars KeepClashing 
lil boba keychain from @yayashooknyarn and sushi keychain and dumpling from @purplepearco when I tell u my asian ass SCREAMED when I got these in the mail 
Kyle Larson is part-Asian and I've jocked him before cuz of that. But @KyleLarsonRacin, you failed. There's no excuse & saying it in a public forum, only suggests how often you casually use that word. In a time when AAPI decry heightened racism, we need to call out our own  …
POV: we are both east asian diaspora and i am about to refer to you using the n-word 
Thank you @Gerald_Chan_law for speaking out against anti-Asian prejudice during this time.  …
Travelers eating suyiyaki aboard Taiyo Maru en route to Japan (1929). Grace Nicholson, an art dealer based in Pasadena, is seated at far right with a man. This is one of her buying trips to China and Japan at a time when the market for Asian artifacts was booming in California. 
"They hate us, and all we do is work all day." Just about sums up anti-Asian racism in this country. #NoAAPIHate  … via @ABC13Houston
The fact that DJT called coronavirus a hoax, then did nothing about it, then called it the Chinese virus fueling hate crimes against Asian Americans, then withheld aid are all reasons to get him the hell out of the WH. And @LindseyGrahamSC out of the  …
No way this fat Asian on the TL begged bare ppl to RT his shit and then unfollows kmt 
CALL FOR WRITERS! The Blueprint is an  publication featuring powerful emerging voices from the South Asian diaspora and its historically silenced and marginalized  This platform was built and led by Dalit and Muslim writers. 
Chinese kids targeted and beat up in schools Even Asian elderly folks getting harassed by these fools And last last week something got me losing my balance This man attacked a Asian woman with a bucket of acid 
hi again #PortfolioDay ! my name is kenji, im a 23yo asian-brazilian illustrator who wishes to get to know more illustrators around the world! 
The support from the  for our officers has been incredible. Thanks so much to Tsinghua Alumni Association,Rep @GeneforTexas for dropping off another 2k masks for officers. Another thanks to Community First and @Hersheys for donating candy to keep us  …
in the South  being in a toxic family environment is made the norm but we need to recognize that separation & divorce shouldn’t be seen as taboo.  first.
This is the only Asian I've seen with an African background 
starting a new book... minor feelings: a reckoning on race and the asian condition, by cathy park hong 
In support of Asian wet markets, I'm just gonna post a bunch of scenes/panels from my graphic novel set in them because they are awesome (1/2) 
Our voice is our armor! I wrote a piece for @ELLEmagazine on being called a “Chinese virus,” and how we as Asian Americans are living w the dual fear—fear of the virus and fear of xenophobia, a pandemic just as scary as the virus. Pls read & RT  …
Anti-Asian discrimination is surging across the country. Join me and @SamuelJHyun from the @AACommission now to discuss how we can stand together against racism and  …
I would love to see our Asian American allies speak up/out against the blatantly racist treatment of Africans in parts of China.
Would you've made this racist attack @jkenney if she wasn't female & Asian? Dr Tam & I aren't directly related but share our familial Chinese surname - anglicized differently. Undermining of her credentials, expertise & experience is something else we sadly share. *NOT OK* /1  …
the most upsetting thing about antiblackness in  is that asian ppl are not mobilizing and standing up for black people . black ppl are getting banned from restaurants and refused basic human decency during A PANDEMIC. how do u not see anything wrong with that????
the antiblackness existing in  is so fucking gross... black ppl living in china dont even get the chance to have shelter or food bc of forced evictions n bc restaurants are refusing to serve them even during a global pandemic.. what the fuck is wrong w ppl  …
hi hi #PortfolioDay !! i'm a first-gen asian immigrant, now US citizen i'm currently  student with art as a hobby!! my best works are pixel art, but i like drawing OCs nowadays 
No room for hate in this pandemic. We're esp concerned with the scapegoating of Asians/Asian Americans. The Asian Caucus, @MA_BLLC & colleagues in #MALegislature released a statement in support of @RepGraceMeng's resolution condemning anti-Asian sentiment as a result of COVID-19. 
Seemed right in these times that our #SoftPowerNYC cast album listening party on Friday 4/17 will raise funds to support @aaldef which has defended Asian Americans for over 45 years. We’ll be on @PublicTheaterNY’s @YouTube channel at 8 pm  …
the proliferation of chinese-inspired objects in animal crossing: new horizons allows me to construct my own spaces as a process of self-discovery and reclamation ... thru this game I am able 2 explore my asian american identity in a virtual dimension. in this essay I will 
Don't belittle incidents of anti-Asian harassment as "anecdotal." For this Asian American doctor, "it’s tough to reconcile being both celebrated and villainized at the same time."  #NoAAPIHate
That’s not even BTS in the picture, how do we trust the research in an article that can’t even use the correct picture for the artist. I mean google BTS and a million  up, did the writer figure that no one will know as long as it’s a picture of a group of Asian men?
i just saw sum people say he was cute but i also saw people say he looks part centaur who doesn’t date black & asian women. i just woke up a smooth 15 mins ago.  …
“Why did the Asian countries succeed while the US and many in Europe failed so badly? The answer is national leadership and public health readiness”  …
for those participating in @asianreadathon next month, here's a great list of recently released books by asian authors put together by 
I loved #Tigertail. For Asians and Asian-Americans, @alanyang's directorial debut is the movie we need for the moment we're in:  … @TheAtlantic
doubted myself for a long time cuz I thought noone would wanna listen to a gay asian make indie rock but whatever I released by debut album two months ago and im still really proud of it 
East Asian horror is some of the best in the world! Here's a great list of @screenrant's top 10 Asian horror films that are streaming on Shudder  …
1/ Starting today, any requests for me to participate in anti-Asian racism webinars, Zoom meetings, guest lectures I'm going to be asking for an honorarium BUT I am donating all honorarium to @AAAStudies bc it's AsAm scholars/activists who make it possible for me to do this work
Trump’s anti-Asian description of #COVID19 was intentional, but we will not be divided. @SEIU members-- Black, brown, white, Asian & indigenous-- will not stand for the scapegoating of our API brothers & sisters. Together, we say #NoAAPIHate.
asian edition: one has to go :/ 
Asian tinggg 
Every doctor who worked to save my eyesight, from consultants to surgeons, were Asian.
I missed everything on this. Who was the first person to take offense to what Jerry Lawler said? How long after it was said did that person take to point it out? Was the race of that person taking offense Asian? I honestly don't know the details.
It’s a hard time to be an Asian American creator. Or a creator period. But I’m gonna go ahead & say it anyway: PARACHUTES earned STARRED REVIEWS!!! Pls support me by preordering PARACHUTES which @PublishersWkly calls “Fun and exultant!” We could all use a little fun rn! 
The racism isn’t surprising, but the repeated inability to spell “Asian” is
Isn’t joining the USA, Japan and Oz in India’s self interest? We wouldn’t be joining out of altruism now, would we? Hopefully the Nehruvian era of backing all lost causes of the world are now over? Or are we going to still fall for the stupidity of Asian/3rd world solidarity?  …
China's still waging a race war on blacks. BTW it was McDonalds's who temporarily "closed" this location, but only for PR purposes. Gee, wonder if @RepGraceMeng considers this "xenophobia?" Of course not. Let's hear it for that black-Asian alliance.  …
No one said Taylor Swift or Katy Perry were being controlled and manipulated when they opened up about their struggles and showed themselves crying. But if it's BTS, an Asian group, y'all reaction is very different. How do y'all stan Asians but be racist towards them
Told my mom (who's in TX) last week that I couldn't get to an Asian grocery store to pick up my favorite instant noodles. This package showed up today. ASIAN MOMS AMIRITE 
european, asian and african louies be like 
He just explained his preference? You can find anyone attracted but it’s really hard to connect with people who don’t share the same culture as you. I know black men and women who say they’d never date a white or a asian person so what’s the difference?
We’ve said it before and we’re saying it again: Hate Has No Home Here The rising hate against Asian Americans in the face of the #coronavirus is unacceptable. We’re standing in solidarity online with all impacted and working to #StopHate. 
Xenophobia and using xenophobic language when talking about #COVID19 creates stigma and incites violence toward Asian  We’re in this together. Stand against racism. 
I reviewed Minor Feelings for @thewhitereview . At first I tried to write in a distant and objective way but that felt impossible in this time of Anti-Asian racism. So instead here are my feelings about Minor Feelings.  …
Stay at home Wash your hands Don’t use racist rhetoric It takes all of us working together to stop the #coronavirus and the rising hate against Asian Americans. Make sure you’re doing your part to keep  safe and say 
Ready to say #NoAAPIHate? Join us in taking these 3 steps Be an ally—speak out against  & actions Support your local Asian  and businesses Stop the spread of misinformation and racist lies Together we can 
We’ve united to fight #coronavirus. Now it’s time  together online and put an end to the rising racism and hate against Asian Americans and the entire  
ICYMI: #COVID19 is NOT a green light to target Asian Americans and Asian immigrants with racism and hate. We’re standing in solidarity online with all impacted and working to #StopHate. #NoAAPIHate 
Stay at home Wash your hands Don’t use racist rhetoric It takes all of us working together to stop the #coronavirus and the rising hate against Asian Americans. Make sure you’re doing your part to keep  safe and say #NoAAPIHate.
Well nobody died from the antisemitism scandal either so guess you didn’t care about that either or is it just racism against black & Asian people you’re indifferent to  …
We’re all vulnerable to the #COVID19 virus—every race, gender, faith, all backgrounds. But Asian Americans are facing rising hate fueled by racist rhetoric from the highest levels of government. It’s time for this to end—hate has no home here. #NoAAPIHate
Racism and hate against Asian Americans is spreading just as quickly as the #coronavirus. We can’t let this continue. We’re joining @NewAmericanLd, @AAAJ_Atlanta and others to say #NoAAPIHate!
The #coronavirus can impact all people; regardless of race, gender, nationality or religion. But Asian Americans are facing rising hate in light of . @realDonaldTrump and others’ racist rhetoric. It’s time for this to end—hate has no home here. #NoHate @NewAmericanLd
I‘m Asian ,But I‘m not Chinese! 
Our analysis of diversity among @iscb honorees led by @trang1618 is now on @biorxivpreprint. Now with an analysis of affiliations. Short summary: 1. Asian scientists under-honored. 2. In part maybe b/c geography. 3. But still true for US-based folks.  
“European, Asian, Caucasian girls” me: 
Brooklyn, New York an Asian woman was attacked by a man waiting on a step. HE THREW ACID ON HER. She suffered severe second degree burns across her face and body. Keep releasing the criminals from prison! Please retweet so that they can catch this POS. 
Let's romanticize asian cities too: TAIPEI 
Noooo pls don’t do this one asian girl doesn’t represent us all  …
and they’re still white and speak english. bts aren’t and it’s a known fact that asian acts aren’t accepted by the gp
This week on Asian Enough, we had a fascinating convo with chef and Food Network star @jettila about the birth of Thai food in Los Angeles, his parent's historic market and what it actually means to be an officially designated culinary  …
We all can use a little fun in our day! This Asian small clawed otter loves to search through ice for food. Not only is it stimulating, but helps with naturally foraging behavior! 
1 of the 8 major reasons I moved to #Turkey: The ease & quality of travel- Fabulous airports, 2 amazing airlines (Pegasus & Turkish Airlines) with bargain prices, very convenient high-speed ferry services to Greek islands, close to top European, Central Asian destinations & more  …
Again, remember when Asian people got mad at that Black woman for opening a beauty supply and encouraging Black people to patron with her instead of Asian beauty supply owners who are antiblack and Asian people got mad at her  …
mf next time pair asian louies with latam louies against with the rest of the world and let’s see what happens
Somebody on FB said “why do women still go to the Asian nail techs when black nail techs do it better?” That is very true but black nail techs ONLY do nails. NO FEET or EYEBROWS. Need a deposit, don’t do walk-ins and only available 4 hours a day twice a week.
Stream  …
Jake had to cancel a summer tour and an Asian tour in September 
The day is finally here! Asian-inspired adventures by Asian writers and illustrators. I’m so thrilled to have been a part of this endeavor. Your support of this project would mean a lot. Please pick up a copy and/or share the link!  … #UnbreakableAnthology
Remembering Shaista Suhrawardy Ikramullah who was a politician, diplomat, author and a role model for the women in Pakistan. 1. She was the first Asian and Muslim woman to receive a PhD from University of London. (contd) 
I hate Trump calling it the Chinese virus! So racist. I know Asian Americans that are getting treated so horribly now. Racism is disgusting
A Kuwaiti actress called for migrants to be thrown into the desert. She came under attack, including by fellow Kuwaitis. So a UAE celebrity clarified’ the actress meant South Asian not Arab expats. He too came under attack, so he clarified he isn’t racist as he has an Asian maid.  …
PRISING: We rolled out proactive plans first to the Asian regions of  learned, and then moved what we learned out to responses in Europe and North America.
PRISING: We first saw the obvious effect on Asian tourism and hospitality, and forecast it impacting more industries, reverberating out geographically and economically.
According to the World Health Organization, the Philippines has the most number of Covid-19 confirmed cases in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) region as of April 14, 2020. 
With all due respect, did y’all not know Asian people were racist before this? Lmao idk y’all just always act shocked when people we’ve already discussed as being racist do racist things lol this is not, at all, surprising or off-brand
As a supporter of @AndrewYang, I was hurt by the way he’s positioned Asian Americans in the face of racism. But instead of attacking each other, let’s open the dialogue. I talked to @taylorweik to share the untold stories of Japanese Americans in WWII- & I do hope Andrew  …
During the Covid-19 crisis, thousands of captive Asian elephants are left vulnerable to lack of food without funding from tourism. Donate to help -  / PayPal -  #savetheelephants #wildlifeconservation #elephants #thailand 
On why @AndrewYang hurt so many Asian Americans in his plan to fight racism. Listen to @taylorweik explain how the trauma of the model minority myth goes generations back. ⁣⁣ ⁣⁣ For more, subscribe to Hidden Narratives pod:  … #HiddenNarratives 
Collaborating with LM would get you a Top 10 hit in the UK and certifications as well as some from other countries like Brazil and Aussie. It would make some noise in Asian countries as well. Idk why hoes don’t wanna collab with them.
The rise in racist anti-Asian sentiment during the coronavirus pandemic is unacceptable. Today, I'll be talking to @SamuelJHyun about how we address this surge in intolerance in Massachusetts and across the country. 
This Asian festival includes moon watching and eating mooncakes 
the  position to sit. only asian can relate 
From a questionable Asian family business who is for sure breaking rules and regulations of at least 1 government agency.  …
*2.4B tiktok views * 15M twitter world record * 3.3 Insta Followers, 6months * No. 1 trending on YouTube * 4th Tv personality * 24th Sexiest Asian Man * 1st Runner of BB/Real Winner * 195M Twitter counts overall #PublicKaWinnerAsim #AsimRiaz @imrealasim Our Starboy!
Sneaky Taste Test of the Asian Fried Chicken! Def making the menu will only get better after marinating overnight too 
Former NBA guard Jeremy Lin, the first Asian-American to win an NBA title, pledged up to $1 million to coronavirus relief efforts on Monday. |  …
An important op-ed from @Gerald_Chan_law: “We are treated as pathogens, not people.” The virus of anti-Asian prejudice.  …
“Meanwhile, Criss, who is half Filipino, plays a biracial director whose ability to pass as white affords him opportunities denied his Asian peers. “It’s fun, naughty, and kind of zany,” says Criss...”  …
Join us for a tweetstorm starting at 2 pm EST/11 am PST today to stand up to hate and show support for our Asian American brothers and sisters at this critical time. 
In Thailand, we calls Asian Fiancial crisis in 1997 “Tom Yum Koong Crisis” without any problem. The American also has no problem calling their “Hamburger crisis”  …
The Asian American and Pacific  has been hit hard by #COVID-19. Join us for the first installment of AAPI Progressive Talks to explore how we can respond politically. Today at 1 p.m. ET Register at:  
Two top Asian stars in Forbes' 30 Under 30 list. Many Congratulations Sandeep Chaudhary and Yui Kamiji . #forbes30under30 #Paralympians @paralympic_jpc  …
I'm 26 today! one step closer to finally being a loud asian grandma who will aggressively feed you as an act of love that I've always dreamed of being 
India set to host Asian Boxing Championships at year end  …
No one: Asian girls:  …
I wrote something I don't ordinarily write, given these extraordinarily unnerving times: some thoughts on grappling with the weight of everyday racism against Asian Americans & intergenerational trauma between immigrant parents & children.  …
My latest @TheAtlantic. “There is nothing wrong w/ begging all Americans to take this virus seriously. There is nothing wrong w/ begging one’s black grandfather or white daughter or Latina sister or Asian father or Native friend to social distance.” 1/  …
Why’s asian girls always a topic here?  …
Calling all South Asian creatives... Please join @Tara_Arts @LittleMissyMya for a chat and chai on Zoom. Be lovely to connect and see what the future holds during these uncertain times. It’s a place to connect with creatives 
He won’t date black women. Flat out refuses to, Asian women as well.
I was told from a young age that there is pretty much a tiered class system in many of these Arab lands, even towards fellow Muslims: First class: White European/US/Aussies Second class: Arab Third class: Asian Fourth class: Black/African  …
When #COVID19 meets racial capitalism. "Black, Latin American and South Asian Canadians have been the most likely to lose  and struggle to make ends meet as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, a survey suggests."  …
This photo of local southeast asian cryptids roaming the streets was taken yesterday. The earth is healing. We are the virus. 
How does the theology of white American evangelical Christians contribute to how we treat black/brown/Asian folks esp. asylum seekers and women? How much of our theology is influenced by our Am. culture or vice versa? Got a full ride into BGSU ACS PHD Program to study this!
Actually, us deciding not to urgently develop and deploy means for testing the crew of all our naval vessels when the epidemic began raging through Asian ports is what sunk it. 
Some of my students from Asian countries have told me they are amazed we teach about Indigenous people because in their countries it is still dangerous to do so. So learn about  here is a piece on the Ainu of Japan  …
Something I haven't seen people talking about in as much depth re #LabourLeaks is that when  team decided to monitor abuse towards MPs in the 2016 leadership election as part of "validation", they refused to do so for *any* Black MP and only *one* Asian MP.
Why is it okay for a western to poke fun at western cultural mannerisms? But if I poke fun at an asian country its racist? Double standards?
OMG! UNBREAKABLE Vol 1 is now available on @DriveThruRPG! Purchase this awesome volume ft. 10 #dnd5e adventures written & illustrated by Asian creators (including me)! Link:  #UnbreakableAnthology 
Y'all have to remember cause I never saw Asians in here being so damn loud before Im saying this because now that China is being anti-black af with the Africans in their country, in this time of crisis, I didn't hear Asian Twitter say shit
Remember when this black woman came on Twitter and told black people to stop supporting Asian owned beauty supply because even though they were benefiting off the black dollars, they tended to be anti-black af? Remember how Asian Twitter dragged her ass calling her a "racist"?
today i want to thank all the western fans in this fandom who show a genuine interest and respect for chinese culture and language, esp my western moots, and who make an effort not to talk over asians in this fandom. also love all my non-chinese asian moots. u guys are the best.
A celebration of Valerie Hansen's "The Year 1000" | The Council on East Asian Studies at Yale University  …
Am continuing to hear from such a wonderfully capacious range of Asian women around the globe (from every continent at this pt except Antarctica)who’ve been brave enough to share their own experiences w racism, sexism&toxic trolling & my god...your grit & strength astound me.
Who said Asian girls want you anyway  …
I don’t even think I could wife an Asian girl
india is the only reason all of these asian countries are still not fallen if not for indian export of hinduism/buddhism, all of them would've been either islamic or christian by now  …
He is the titleholder of "Asia's No. 1 Performer" on 19 March 1989 as he won the '‘Asian Popular Music  in London.known as the "Singing Lawyer", the "People's Singer", the "Patriot Singer" and the "Elvis Presley and Claude François of Malaysia". WOW!
President Duterte said the COVID-19 pandemic will have a major negative impact on the Philippine economy as he urged Asian leaders to ensure open trade in the region. 
Most consecutive wins in cricket by Asian teams #Cricket Tests 9 - Sri Lanka ODIs 12 - Pakistan 10 - Sri Lanka 10 - Sri Lanka 10 - Pakistan T20Is 12 - Afghanistan (WR) 11 - Afghanistan 9 - Pakistan 8 - Pakistan Australia holds the world record in both Tests (16*2) & ODIs (21)
Oil prices rise. Asian and European stock market improves. Progress
For Asian Americans Like Me, Fighting Racism During The Pandemic Is An Act Of Survival 
Idk What Y’all Expected.. I’ve NEVER Seen An Asian Come To The Defense Of A Black Person In My Life Lol .
Not all Asian people are racist but their is an anti blackness culture in the  that people have to realize and their is some that play the line with being our allies and oppressors. Which is just sad at this point.
I lived for three years in DXB from '03 to '06. I covered labor affairs for @gulf_news, which was largely covering all the ways South Asian men and women were horribly exploited by their employers and lived in sweaty, crammed conditions. The racism makes my blood boil  …
Wrote this op-ed for ⁦ @TorontoStar⁩ on the danger of anti-Asian prejudice during the COVID-19 pandemic. Felt it important to speak out.  …
what asian kids see when they get anything less than A* in exams 
asian women stop dating white men 2020
I'm looking to speak with BIG families: loads of siblings, cousins, elders living under one roof. How are you faring during the coronavirus lockdown? Is being in a big fat Greek / Asian / English family a nightmare during a pandemic? Or is it actually just great? DM me!
We all know he was voted as the Most Handsome man in the world in 2019 & Sexiest Asian man of the last decade. But hey @iHrithik, who tf looks hot while running, this shud be illegal 
Watch: Indian Rapid Response Team imparting training to Kuwaiti personnel at Jaber Al Ahmed Hospital. India has sent its teams to support the west asian country's #Covid 
There are no 'lockdowns' in some Asian countries because we call them Philippines - Enhanced Community Quarantine Malaysia - Movement Control Indonesia - Large Scale Social Restrictions Singapore - Circuit Breaker #Covid19
“It was the Chinese  that actually protected Australia. They led the way and the  is now following.” PM condemns anti-Asian racism amid coronavirus pandemic  …
don’t blame the asian  for the issues caused by mainland China, we are  while Asians in America are facing discrimination, we don’t condone racism towards  but poc don’t understand the discrimination that black people face
My piece today for the Global Network on Extremism and Technology ( @GNET_research) on the advent of ISIS aligned propaganda tailored for an Indian and South Asian audience.  …
the  position to sit. only asian can relate hshshs
Can you name the cricketers with their nick name ?? 1 Punter, 2 Nana, 3 Jumbo, 4 The Wall, 5 Mr Cricket, 6 Zulu,7 Rambo, 8 Master Blaster,9 Sultan of Swing, 10 Asian Bradman,
President Rodrigo Duterte delivers his intervention during the Special Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Summit on COVID-19 via video conferencing. WATCH HERE:  
There are eight (eight!) Asian-Australians on #MasterChefAU. That’s the most I’ve ever seen on TV here, except maybe on Border Security or coronavirus stock footage.
what is it with south asian 'activists' making their name from co-opting the black struggle? i for one am tiyad
when "oh no we don't want to be political so we will censor posts about asian politics" meets "BOBA IS OUR ENTIRE CULTURE" apparently the result is that approving a political meme bc u were distracted by the boba u go, SAT, u go  …
Lmfao! Nigęrian couple f*ight an asian couple! Diversity are our strength?! 
Looking to speak to any black, Asian, and ethnic minority women in low  roles, who have lost their job due to the lockdown, and are concerned about the financial implications - for a neutral feature. Email poornabell@gmail.com #journorequest
'Hope not Hate' means 'Hate not Hope.' @hopenothate The virulence of their hatred against people who point out that Asian grooming gangs are almost entirely made up of Pakistani Muslims knows no bounds. They make people believe that there is no Hope for their own country.  …
A special summit of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( #ASEAN), China, Japan, and the Republic of Korea (ASEAN+3) on #COVID19 started Tuesday, with the attendance of Chinese Premier Li Keqiang via video link in Beijing. (file 
Also Senegal Afcon 2012 LOL. Dame Ndoye- Danish League top scorer Demba Ba- Newcastle - PL joint top scorer Papisse Cisse - 3rd on PL Goalking Moussa Sow- Ligue 1 top scorer Mamadou Niang (C)..Asian CL top striker In group with Eq Guinea, Libya, Zambia= Got 0 point.  …
In this NYU study they take a look at factors leading to hospitalization and critical illness in 4000 pts. The critical stats are more important to me. Age yes, obesity some, but others not nearly as clear. Being Asian was much worse than being super fat!  
The novel coronavirus pandemic has Americans across the country fearful for their personal health and well-being, but for Asian Americans, the virus has stirred up another threat: a wave of verbal and physical attacks. 
These Asian elephants at the Taronga Zoo in Australia got in on the Easter fun 
If u wanna talk about fascism in Japan, there's no reason to criticize "East Asian nationalism" and lump Korea in with their former colonizer when Korean nationalism takes on a different form.
When and how Asian countries are deciding to apply or lift #coronavirus lockdown measures & social distancing. Me in #China, @BBCLBicker in #SouthKorea, @BBCKarishma in #Singapore,  in #Japan. Put together by 
December 16, 2019 Why did the Pope panic? Why was the Asian woman slapped? (0:16) Did the pope already know about the China- #COVID19 -Italy Connection a month in 
Corona over Asian girlfriends are back on the menu 
Asian markets rose on Tuesday after China reported a smaller-than-expected hit to trade, though investors remained nervous heading into what could be a rough corporate earnings season 
I don’t think I’ve ever seen an Asian or a Hispanic call out another Asian or Hispanic for being racist towards blacks.
Almost all asian billionaires got rich from govt contracts and family networks.  …
Not every country has the same traditions and beliefs. Many other countries that are not asian have some type of tradition like this. And not all countries just believe in “Rest in Peace”. Respect it if it doesn’t affect or harm you in any way. If you don’t want to then walk away
LOOK: President Rodrigo #Duterte joins other leaders from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) during the virtual special ASEAN Summit on COVID-19. | via @melalesmoras [: Palace 
Asian has the best skin.  …
me tryna find 17 year old short asian lolita enthusiast cosplayer gamer otaku uwu pink dominant high voice flirty sleepy lewd catgirl maid girlfriend with glasses who will match internet icons with me and have their bio link to me with a heart 
you’re right, i was thinking antiblackness as a whole entity and not separate issues such as asians saying the n word. i try to call out and criticize asians who do, and older asians who are antiblack. i sincerely meant trying to have the entire  acknowledge —
The coronavirus is fueling anti-Asian bigotry in the U.S. What is it doing in China, you ask? "Even McDonald’s is now turning away black customers in Guangzhou"  …
Leaders of Southeast Asian countries like Indonesia, Thailand, Singapore and Malaysia are using video conferences to coordinate responses to the coronavirus pandemic, whose economic impact on the region will “likely be broad and deep.” 
It's important to note that even though many Southeast Asian governments  to China's oppression & authoritarianism, their citizens are not and there is growing discontent in the region against growing China bullying - something international media needs to take note.  …
This one is on the number of tests per million population. We are doing mm..  to our South Asian neighbours. Not the best. But not the worst either. So okay. 2/n 
Asian dudes be like maybe if I get this sleeve she’ll fuck me
Dear PM @narendramodi, wonderful speech. Brilliantly abdicated all accountability by saying everyone was saying so! What data shata. brrrrr... shoo shoo. Anyway, in today's briefing let us take a look at how other South Asian countries are faring. Here's  table. 1/n 
Why do people always have the need to bring their wives into an argument. It's like a distress signal saying "yo wifey, you Asian right? Help me out by saying I'm not racist? There's a good ch*nk" Stop using your Wives/friends as a bullet proof vest for your own dumbass  …
Thank you to @EKAntithesis for sending me this depiction, from the Fate: Grand Order gacha game, of the Tripitaka Master Xuanzang, one of the most important figures in the history of East Asian Buddhism. 
