White people don’t even wash their assholes after using a single piece of dry one-ply toilet paper to wipe their ass after they shit and their bubonic plague asses wanna go berserk over any Asian person because of the corona virus
so i went out to eat w this Asian shorty n she starts throwing straw scraps at me tryna b cute n shit... n i guess she saw the tightness in my face and she was like “OMG imagine if you pulled out ur glock on me”
I’m noticing a pattern...all these people preaching “don’t generalise all Asian people” (which is a fair enough statement) are the same people who constantly generalise white people. Virtue signalling is so 2019
Undergraduate Student Government released a statement saying they stand with other student orgs in supporting Asian and Asian American students on campus following recent #coronavirus 
I know the Corona virus has many people on edge, but this is NOT the time to falsely accuse any Asian on the streets that they have the virus and use that as an excuse to slander, assault, shove, and be racist towards one another.
I've said before & I'll say it again. A lot of the anger from EU  from the fact that many of them feel they're fundamentally better than non-EU migrants from the developing world. They find the prospect of equality with African & Asian migrants deeply offensive.
Asian me: Parasite is fantastic. Viet me: that Korean movie was fine.
'I am not a virus': France's  pushes back over xenophobia  
When Utah’s first suffrage law passed in 1870, Native American women and Asian immigrants could not vote because they were not legally considered U.S. citizens. The case was less clear for other women of color, including black women.
GOOD RIDDANCE. it died so that lesbian romcom show with the asian protagonist can live and may said show THRIVE
Just a reminder that the corona virus will blow over. All that stupid anti Asian shit you said? Will not.
My dad came home from China yesterday.. so we're gonna wait it out and see if I die. Just in case, here's me before death { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme brat asian } 
Former black senator? Is he Asian now? Silly libs. The only ones who scream we are one but the 1st to segregate
My immunology professor literally called the coronavirus the "Asian virus" in front of my whole class and when I corrected him, he looked absolutely offended. Like excuse me sir white boomer, I should be the one offended not you  …
It’s 11pm on #BrexitDay 31st January 2020, as Scotland bids a fond but temporary farewell to the EU. However, democracy and friendships will prevail. We will be back #LeaveALightOnForScotland #Scotland28 Proudly #Scottish #Asian 
So apparently an Asian guy in Sydney Chinatown collapsed and no one attempted to do CPR. He passed away. He could’ve lived.He could’ve at least had more chance of survival. He could’ve been in a hospital, possibly recovering if it wasn’t for the segregation that’s going on rn++
when mf say staying away from asian people is racist but i am asian and i stay away from asian people 
If you’re asian and you dont listen to Bollywood bruv u might as well change your ethnicity.
again, because I'm seeing a lot of normies following me: I'm a huge fucking socialist, incredibly supportive of bernie sanders' campaign, and very proud of being south asian and i don't disconnect my race from my politics.
maybe if I keep RTing articles like this you all will stop being so goddamned racist against Asian people because of your coronavirus fear.  …
Amazing turnout for the @APIAVote & Iowa Asian Alliance Caucus training here in Des Monies!  – at Grand View University
After I heard about the Coronavirus I quit watching Asian porn. Fam, I ain’t takin’ no chances.
And if you think #F9 is cool, check out this new mapping tool providing detailed census-tract level maps for the 20 largest metropolitan areas for Asian Americans in the United States! 
Hello world. Over the last few months, I have had over 40 illuminating conversations with senior leaders in the social purpose sector. I haven't  across another queer (+non-binary) woman of Chinese (or East Asian) descent. If you know someone, please connect me?
I am currently in need of Asian women
Asian restaurant menus are like: 
2 Asian people just sat across from me in the airport and the child coughing 
Casting opportunity for Asian and Asian American actresses. Spread the word! 
Dr. JP Catungal of @GRSJInstitute provides insight into the “recycling of racism towards the Asian cmnty when there’s an outbreak” based on his research of the history of “yellow peril” in North Am in this @GlobalTV  …
I’d suck the coronavirus out some Asian pussy.
Trump to place new visa restrictions on immigrants from six African and Asian nations  …
dear Asian boy in the USU, lemme get your heart
Thanks to all that came along to #wolveslitfest panel discussion INVISIBLE VOICES: THE ART OF SOUTH ASIAN ACTIVISTS hosted by @DawinderBansal featuring @pinkladoo @Rajo_rani @ShareefaEnergy @sarvjit_sra fab feedback from attendees #artforchange @wolvesartgallery  – at Wolverhampton Art Gallery
An asian ngga coughs one time and mfs act like the fire alarm went off
i was out with my asian friends and some guys on the street yelled: “CORONA VIRUS” towards us... don’t use that as an excuse to be a racist as*wipe wtf
Wow, @Instagram doesn’t believe that anti-Asian coronavirus jokes break  guidelines. As a matter of fact, it doesn’t even have “racist” as a choice when reporting. At least @twitter has this. This is such a shame.
[Voting #Taehyung #Jungkook] JUNGKOOK and TAEHYUNG are among 50 semifinalists in 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 by Starmometer. Voting going on in IG, FB and on Twitter. IG:  …  … 1 like =1 vote 
An Asian-looking child chased around the schoolyard by kids so he can be "tested" for Coronavirus? Scratch our civilised surface, and there's so often xenophobia right underneath. My #weekendreads out today:  
The Last Great Party from Jan. 30 through Feb. 2 will celebrate the hotel’s final chapter in Vegas. Each afternoon, live music will start at 4 p.m. at the Center Bar, Fu Asian Kitchen and Peacock Lounge.  …
Nothing screams wokeness like rigging the debate for the white male billionaire, while the Samoan American female & Asian American male continually get the cold shoulder..  …
it doesn’t give you an excuse to be racist to asian people  …
Asian creators are using TikTok to fight back against racist, anti-Chinese, and anti-immigrant coronavirus memes  …
The National Asian American Theater Company has created a partnership with several  to increase the visibility of Asian performers, directors, playwrights, and additional creatives in the theatre industry.  …
reminder to disinfect your nasty phones instead of bothering asian people!
Today I swung by Asian Legend to pick up delicious Chinese food for lunch. Manager Sam and his team are doing a great job! 
The abuse James McClean getting at Derby’s ground is nothing short of offensive racism. None of  have the balls to call it out. If he was black or Asian there would be an outcry !
what the fuck does “you’re tall for an asian girl” even mean? people have told me that all my life and i’m 5’6, so i guess that’s pretty tall?
racism is absolutely normalized against asian people, isn’t it?
life is 
Asian girl at work is coughing 
Don’t think I don’t see y’all reposting all those xenophobic posts about Asian people being “disgusting” bc of that viral pic of the bat soup/ rats. Like we don’t be eating animals that have viruses and infections by the ton!!! Y’all are racist and blocked. PERIOD!
everytime I see someone being racist towards chinese/east-asian people I want to make sure they land in a hospital. don’t need to catch a virus you can catch these fists
At least it was written by a fellow Asian.
Good afternoon ! So I just hit 700 followers- YAYYY- and I KNOW its payday, so you have no excuses :). $end $7/$70/$700 to congratulate me for hitting 700 . { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme asian brat } 
You’re worried about all Asian-looking people giving you a cold Meanwhile, Russians rig our elections and Republicans reinforce white supremacy.
I feel like Asian American or immigrant stories are often limited to social realism… My goal is to tell an Asian-American immigrant story, but give it the same visual flair that I give in other arenas. via @InterviewMag  …
The Mughal empire has its roots in the #Mongol empire, but the Indian dynasty had many differences from the Mongolian nomads. Central Asian and Indo-Persian  to create a unique and unforgettable era on the Indian subcontinent.  …
FANS-Female Asian Never Smokers Study is led by Moon Chen (UC Davis), Iona Cheng (UCSF), and myself - a UC-wide collab! We'll be recruiting 600 #AsianAm never smokers with #lungcancer and 600 without. For many of us, this topic hits too close to home. (2/2)
Watch our CEO @stse sit down with @SophiaHaHo & @Blocks991 for an in-depth interview on the story behind #HarmonyONE, the future of #Blockchain, our cooperation with @binance, and the differences between #SiliconValley vs Asian #startups.  
It must suck to be a democrat right now. 2020 POTUS hopefuls: An old crooked pedo & former VP. A white woman pretending to be a Native American. An ancient relic of the free  generation. A homsexual who failed as a mayor. And some Asian guy nobody knows exists.
Hi, not new whatsoever but I’m doing dis again cause I desperately need friends. ✞ Call me Eli. ✞ 15, counting down to 16. ✞ Taken ✞ Poc (Asian) ✞ Bi ✞ Dom ✞ Hard Kinks. ✞ I give love and support for free! ✞ Your local sweetheart ↻ To be mutuals! ♡ For a dm! 
I DO MY HAIR TOSS CHECK MY NAILS BABY HOW YOU FEELIN’? FEELIN ˡⁱᵏᵉ ᵇᵉⁱⁿᵍ ᵒᵘᵗʷᵃʳᵈˡʸ ʳᵃᶜⁱˢᵗ ᵗᵒʷᵃʳᵈˢ ᴬˢⁱᵃⁿ ᵖᵉᵒᵖˡᵉ ᵃˢ ᵃ ʳᵉˢᵘˡᵗ ᵒᶠ ᵗʰᵉ ᶜᵒʳᵒⁿᵃᵛⁱʳᵘˢ ⁱˢ ᵘⁿⁿᵃᶜᶜᵉᵖᵗᵃᵇˡᵉ ᵇᵉʰᵃᵛⁱᵒʳ
Crazy how people want to freak out over the Coronavírus while the flu has killed thousands of people in the USA every year. This hysteria is so gross, especially because of the racist stuff I’ve seen aimed at Asian people because of it. Get your flu shots. Ignore hysteria.
I LOVE BEING ASIAN 
I’m Asian and have lived in China and Vietnam for part of my life. So many of my family and friends are disgusted by eating bats and snakes. I don’t know any Asian that eats those gross things. It is not racist to say that eating bats are gross.  sense
THEY DID IT !!! BTS is the first Korean (asian?) act to reach 1M subscribers on @Deezer !! Congrats legends @BTS_twt 
Recently,  have been directed at people of Chinese and Asian heritage regarding #2019nCOV. Divisive statements have no place in Canada’s vision for an inclusive society. We must continue to be guided by our values of equality and openness. #EndStigma
 the racist stigma Asians are getting as a result of the Coronavirus I will take it upon myself to make out with Asian men as I can.
the Coronavirus is not an excuse to be racist and xenophobic to Asian people
Someone tried calling me racist for covering my mouth when the asian guy next to me started coughing It was a little awkward, but everything was cleared up when I explained that I was just getting ready for my Klan meeting and was putting on my hood Silly misunderstanding lol
Let's confiscate yalls boba tea sushi ramen noodles dumplings hotpot rice milk tea wuteva. See how yall fare with no asian food before  on the stuff us asians eat
New research tool from @UCRiverside shows detailed census tract-level maps for the 20 largest metro areas for Asian Americans in the U.S. and IDs the largest Asian American or Pacific Islander group in each tract. 
Nah that's just a spoiled Asian exchange student. Asian kid at my school had Ferrari and all the other ones have like brand new challengers and wear yeezys and Balenciaga Jordan's etc
The iPhone was invented in America, is powered by Central African minerals, and is brought to life by European and Asian technologies—but the World Trade Organization and the U.S. still classify it as a 100% Chinese export, writes 
not  out of Wuhan has the virus. I work in a hospital, and we get a ton of people who recently traveled to  in concerned they're a carrier but so far we only have one confirmed case. just because someone's Asian doesn't mean your life is in danger
People name their kids after people who inspire them all the time. It's not asian aesthetic as if they just picked a name outta thin air cos it sounded exotic  …
people clowning the cql cast’s, or any asian persons english name kind of. idk it’s questionable and not really nice. asian people shouldn’t require a name more accepted in western countries but they do and so you just respect whatever name they do choose and not make fun of it
Op. What we’re NOT gonna do is use a disease as an excuse to be racists a$$holes toward Chinese people and other people of Asian decent. Ok? Ok.
Made it in one of UK’s biggest South Asian papers! What’s it like working on #MrIglesias ( @MrIglesiasWR)? What’s this podcast I do?! And more! Check it out on @EasternEye! Thx @asjadnazir  …
true all rich asian international students dress like it’s the runway
“Understanding Asian Americans is fundamental to the American experience.” 
the US killed between 2-4 million in a war animated by conquest and racism. Racism via the "mere go*k rule" and a broad indifference to Asian lives. "Almost" just about covers it.
At a time when many Canadians are struggling with concerns about the welfare of friends and family in China, Canadians of Asian descent deserve  and understanding, not the normalization of xenophobic mores. 
there's something deeply disturbing about old white women fetishizing the relationship between two asian men 20 years younger than them 
More #MeHimUs news... I can also announce that the South Asian version of #MeHimUs will be returning in 2020 with a refreshed focused on  and wellbeing. Last year, the men involved created such a great campaign. I can't wait to see what they do 
attention my fellow asian people!!! we coughing on white people to make them 
hello i’m here to remind you that saying you’re going to get the coronavirus from buying anything from china or just by simply interacting with asian people is racist and you should stop right now immediately
If you're a white person and you see another white person being an asshole towards chinese people and east asian people in general Please fucking call their racism out! Do NOT just let it slide!
It's understandable to be alarmed by #Coronavirus. But no amount of fear can excuse prejudice & discrimination against people of Asian descent. Let's #FightRacism, call out hatred & support each other in this time of a public health emergency. 
Nobody on Asian twitter can Accept the amount of racism us southeast asians have to deal with from other asians because no one knows we exist
Beyond excited to be speaking at @Yale ‘s South Asian Youth Initiative Conference next weekend. I’ll be on the Young Professionals panel talking about @SAVoices and more! Looking forward to hearing from @RohiniKos & others. P.S. My first time in New Haven—please send food 
ugh this makes my day even more annoying. I was on the bus and this asian guy sat down then suddenly all the finnish people who were at the bus covered their faces with scarfs and their jackets assuming that he is carrying the ncv. I was like wtf are you doing? +
The  scene in British Pakistani history @tezilyas is the GOAT of British  
The anti-Asian sentiment is increasingly growing since the outbreak of the #coronavirus - and racist jokes are polluting the internet. Let’s stop. In moments like these, we need to stand up for each other against racism and not play into White  …
Potential for large disruption in global supply chains, as China is world’s largest exporter of intermediate products … as per @OECD, ~20% of global imports of intermediate products came from China in 2015 (40% for some Asian countries) 
Well I’m asian and i just found out I’m part Mexican and black
Debuting our vegetarian “cheesesteak” shiitake, brussel sprouts, Asian cauliflower, smoked onions, yu choy, toasted caraway white cheddar sauce, on @sarcones_bakery seeded #vegetarian #macona #maconavibes #whyilovecollingswood #notyourtypicalbbq  – at Macona Bbq
With @coffeetalk_game and @playsimulacra at the top of new and trending I think now is a good time to acknowledge on the absolute powerhouse of creativity that is the South East Asian games industry. 
Thank you for this important study of @iscb honorees and keynotes, including the finding that "the lack of Asian scientists among keynote speakers and Fellows was particularly pronounced  against the field-specific background".  …
They never pledged for an Asian Frat  …
“That’s the big thing to me: they’re organizers. The other people may be campaign workers, but with the Sanders campaign, they’re organizers, they know how to work outside of the box.” — @MitchHenryDSM of IA Asian & Latino Coalition  …
wh*te people covering their mouths around asian people act as if they weren’t the ones who brought the flu & small pox to canada killing over half of the indigenous people in canada
How many publications are going to share pictures of Asian people in surgical masks while writing about coronavirus without realizing how racist it is?
Asian parents r literally the fucking worse when  to celebrating their child’s success if it’s not in the medical field.
Him: Were you in Louisiana last month? Me: No? I’ve never been. Him: You look just like someone I know. Me: Let me guess, she’s Asian? Him: Yeah!!! Do you know her?
We need more women in tech because the Google Maps idea of a six minute walk is actually a 10/11 minute walk for a smol Asian woman
Foolish, racist paranoia about the #Coronavirustoronto has dealt a blow to Asian-Canadian-owned businesses. @Jay_Pitter is leading a Chinatown walk to help break the stigma. If you’d like to join, look  …
This is really sad and I can’t believe I have to say this. But for those in the back: Just because someone looks Asian, does NOT mean they’ve ever been to Asia, are from China, automatically have Corona virus. This virus does not discriminate by skin color.  …
Remember the day before he had to leave for Asian leg, when she wasn’t feeling well and he held her like this? *crying in single* 
Emirates announced a new fifth freedom flight which will connect Singapore and Penang, Malaysia. The new daily service is set to connect the two Southeast Asian cities on April 9, 2020. 
If you see an Asian with a sniffle be sure to stand next to them. I may not agree with your virus but I will protect with my life your right to sneeze in my face.
Rome bar and Vietnam restaurant ban Chinese customers as Italian school blocks East Asian students amid 
Prove you aren't racist today! Hug a coughing, sweating Asian person today! Bonus points of they  off a direct flight from China  …
Pakistan beats Afghanistan in #U19CWC the jinx has been broken. Sets up the marquee clash of #INDvPAK in the Semi Finals. Bangladesh, the third Asian side in last 4, will take on New Zealand in the other semi.
Outbreaks of xenophobia spreading faster than #coronavirus in the west: Incidents of hostility towards Asian people reported in Italy, France, Canada and UK  … via @guardian #nCoV2019
State historic Christian teaching. Get angry pushback from the Woke. Quickly cave and beat a humiliating retreat, alienating the African and Asian churches in the process. Rinse. Repeat. "Church sorry for saying that sex is just for married heterosexuals":  …
asian parents looking at food: the language of apologies
Why does @CollegeBoard not teach AP African, Asian, or Latin American History but it teaches AP Euro & US no question? #Education #Bias
Victoria Nuland Deputy Secretary of State for Euro-Asian Affairs Responsible for Invasion of Ukraine & installing US puppet leader Husband Robert Yates Neocon (PNAC Agreement) Victoria planning the overthrow Telephone Conversation  
Chick really trying to shame people for not performing mouth to mouth on a random Asian man in the middle of a coronavirus outbreak. Bitch fuck you
Please let me know if you’d like to join in. Anti-Asian backlash on our streets (& elsewhere) is unacceptable. #TOpoli
genuine question: why are white man/asian woman couples a thousand times  than asian man/white woman ones
oh i am so tired of being polite! if you are engaging in anti-chinese/anti-asian rhetoric because of this virus, go fuck yourself! block me if you even go near that ideology! and anyone who replies to this tweet with some fuckshit about this, may you drop your wallet in a sewer
Poor Diwali Hindus can’t even virtue signal in peace anymore. Its time dhongis like @harikondabolu realize that their “South Asian”  do not believe in their idiotic differentiation between Hinduism and Hindutva either. 
might i suggest asian pears be added to this kist, a crunchy water food so juicy that i have to eat it with several paper towels because i am too lazy to cut it 
Let's be sure to include all Asian countries as well. I am sure that South Korea and Japan have a bone to pick with *3 as well.
Nothing racist about taking random pictures of Asian people on the subway and hashtagging it 
I am seeing a lot of dumb jokes on the social media about people of Asian background and the scourge of coronavirus. Even from people who look like me and who face racism everyday. If you’re black, stop making racist jokes. They’re not funny. Real human beings are affected by it.
White people covering their mouth around asian people is funny considering they gave this planet the Bubonic plague.
Many Asian mothers-in-law have this desire to treat the women  into their families terribly. Why is that?  …
Yh kya bol rhi hai NA VIDEO ACHA H NA AUDIO Someone tells her that He is 24th sexiest Asian man 2019 #AsimRiaz #OnlyAsimMatters
Rome music school bans all East Asian students from class amid coronavirus fears “I haven't even been home to Korea in 2 years. We're not against checks in themselves, but this is madness – it's wrong for them to test only Asian students.”  … ht @danielfyork
asian parents have 2 ways of apologizing: 1) “have you eaten?” / “let’s go eat” 2) pretending nothing happened the next time you meet and everyone moves on with their lives
IMAGINE  to South Asian countries, and Namjoon saying "Thank you for waiting, thank you for believing in us, thank you for not giving up on us despite the fact that there were very little chances of  to your country" 
so i know you all follow me because i’m hilarious and my meat is stupid huge, and being white may lead you to believe that i vibe with whatever bullshit you’re spouting, but if you think racism/xenophobia against asian people is ok or funny because of corona then unfollow me
But what could be just an Asian regional weakness takes on more important signal effects when the Brazilian Real is about the break a gigantic cup and handle. You see, Brazil loses on the US/China trade deal and loses again as Chinese demand collapses  
That led me to remain long of bonds and add last week. But by Sunday night, Asian open, I realised it was time to go aggressively full-risk in fixed  To my mind the tipping point had arrived that was so pervasive that it was going to overwhelm everything for a few months.
There’s a girl in my chem class who dress like that and swear her fits better than the foreign exchange Asian girl
President Trump: Find me the most qualified people to work on addressing this potential pandemic. Chief of staff: Might take a little while. We can’t find a Asian trangender, a black gay dude, or Muslim who are qualified to address CNN’s diversity concerns. Trump: Oy.  …
January 2020 @MyJaps - GMA Playlist - Wishclusive - MYX Live - All Out Sundays - Asian TV Awards Nomination - Isang Gabi MV - Wish Music Awards - You Are My Everything (#1) - Star Awards for Music - NCCA Music Ambassador - Lee x Coke x Mega Mag - Nobela 2 Million streams 
asian niggas who've never been to china, and aren't even chinese looking at people plug their nose and put masks on while they're walking by. 
asian parents be like  …
The outbreak of the coronavirus will cut U.S. economic growth by 0.4 percentage point in the first quarter as the number of tourists from China declines and exports to the Asian nation slows: GS's Jan Hatzius via @TheTerminal @anir_nag
White people: ohmygod how do I avoid being infected by the coronavirus? Wait I have to wash my hands and take a shower? Nah I'd rather be racist and avoid every Asian I see
How many times Asian have heard of funny jokes about coronavirus so far? ZERO. Don’t pretend to be scared. Don’t be like shit meme account. Nothing give you any permission to say racist jokes on Asian/Chinese. My Uber driver got 1star and reported as a result of his act.
The Asian Beyoncé The Indian Beyoncé The Latin Beyoncé The Korean Beyoncé The African Beyoncé The Brazilian Beyoncé The Japanese Beyoncé The Nigerian Beyoncé The World's Beyoncé The next Beyoncé Any other Beyoncés?
"What it's like to never ever see yourself on TV." Author Charles Yu on growing up Asian in America 
I'm Asian, not Chinese, but it shouldn't matter. The point is no one is just a virus and we should not discriminate against a group of people for any reason. I hope #BTSARMY can set good examples and continue to spread kindness in our own ways.
Whoa. #Singapore will close its borders to all new visitors from mainland #China, including foreigners who have been there within the past 14 days,  the first Southeast Asian country to do so in a bid to stem the spread of the deadly 
See how ‘capable’ #HongKong govt is. Other Asian countries like #Taiwan #Singapore & #Macau are doing their best to protect their people, by ensuring stable supply of surgical masks. Our govt? Simply couldn’t care less about the lives of #HongKongers 
I only have two degrees from Oxford University. I only fought for and won the LGBT rights you enjoy when I was a gay activist in the 1980s. I have an Asian hospital doctor and a black dentist and friends of all colours. But yes I’m thick and racist. You make me cringe.  …
Steve Baker says non-EU migrants need to be treated fairly. My response: 1. It’s your party which introduced ‘hostile environment’ 2. EU has had no control over mon-EU migration 3. Hinting at prospect of ‘free movement’ with eg South Asian countries is totally dishonest
Amazing news! National Team attacker Bala Devi from Manipur Police Sports Club, is  the first Indian woman to  a professional footballer anywhere in the world. She also  Rangers FC’ first Asian international footballer. This was announced in Bengaluru. 
Just two average MRSM nerds passing thru your timeline and blessing your grades for this semester also peek our asian eyes 
Asian Americans are often put under one medical umbrella, affecting available research and more. 
Asian tourists in #Croatia 
This is not racism. It is called a stereotype. "All asians/chinese have coronavirus or you may contaminate it from any of them". There is no power shift iro this disease that is attempting to undermine the  People are acting stereotypical and need to stop.
While Bari is definitely a racist, Yang does intentionally play into the Asian model minority role and has been using that both to navigate his campaign and help elites break solidarity. It’s why people like Bari Weiss love him  …
Relatively orderly BTC spot pullback from 9560 to 9310 in Asian hours, as expiry calculation starts now and over the next 30mins, 31st Jan options rolling off at 8am (UTC).
Some people are upset about Andrew Yang’s “asian stereotype jokes” while  “omg same” under Jo Koy & Ronny Chieng videos...idk but i’d really like y’all to figure out the underlying issue of why you don’t like him so we can move on as a society #yanggang
Sports Icon Of The Year 2019: Mohammad Yousuf Pakistani Snooker legend won @ibsf World Snooker Championship 1994, @ibsf World Masters Championship 2006 and Asian Snooker Championship 1998 Many around the World picked the cue stick after gaining inspiration from him! 
Another Asian location raided & shut down. Location served as discreet hotel, restaurant & concealed supermarket for wholesale supply of ethnic foods to ethnic restaurants. Most items expired, unsafe storage conditions for imported food, meat & seafood products. 
The #coronarvirus is not an excuse to be racist and xenophobic towards Asian people. 
[THREAD] 1/ The left doesn't want controlled immigration that bases admission to the US on talent, skill, or education –- it says this would be racist because it might favor certain groups (Asian, white) over others (mostly Hispanic). But there's possibly another reason.
Cebu: Mandatory quarantine of all passengers from China of up to 14 days upon arrival at MCIA. Samal Island off limits to Chinese, Asian tourists amid virus scare Lila, Bohol bans any person who has recently been in China at Lila whale shark watching site. Duterte, your turn.
A number of white supremacist have been seen wearing these masks. It is a hate symbol that signals an opposition to Asian immigration. If you see it, call it out. 
. @iamsrk & Red Chillies Ent. new production The movie Kaamyaab was chosen to be screened at NYC South Asian Film Festival. #ShahRukhKhan 
Asian markets are showing signs of recovery after being battered this week by the spread of the coronavirus. 
RT if you luv asian girls buy my nudes  
These Sticky and Crispy Asian Chicken Wings have the perfect crunch and sticky sweetness – the BEST chicken wings!  … #gameday #chickenwings #appetizer #appetiser #partyfood
This guy is kissing his asian gf while the flu mask is still on and I can’t even get a text back
My thoughts are with all Asian Australians who are feeling a sense of hostility and prejudice towards them. Whether you're at school, shopping centre or public transport, be kind, be thoughtful & definitely don't let your fear turn into prejudice or racism. #CoronavirusOutbreak
Asian currencies arrest slide as WHO confident in virus response  
1) Not so long ago most "RW" folks thought IMF/WB driven unregulated "globalisation" ,Free trade , Privatization, Billionaire Oligarchs would make India prosperous. How wrong we were. We never learnt from the success of East Asian & ASEAN nations.  …
Also since I haven’t seen anyone mention it... Dean’s 15x10 shopping trip was interested for both what was there and what isn’t. There’s no Busty Asian Beauties for Dean anymore. That’s been a running Dean gag for a long time. Now there’s a magazine about making pie, cooking. 
Just saw this talk, an incredible story about the history of Asian American literature! Also can't help but fawn over the gorgeous new cover from @dirtbagg  …
-Asian stocks after a six-day losing streak on virus concerns -U.S. futures -Oil, gold -Amazon tops $1 trillion market cap after earnings pop  
Yes, some racists are using the Coronavirus to express their bigotry about everyone of Asian descent. Just because CNN and some clowns are trying to downplay the extent of the disease and its origins doesn’t mean you have to rush to the defense of people who think I’m subhuman.
First time making Asian Garlic Noodles Retweet if you would eat this! Maybe I’ll start selling plates 
Not a single other ethnicity, Asian/Indian/Middle Eastern/hispanic etc collectively stood up for black people during anything, except ourselves, but black people the first to put on their capes for every other race when other races in trouble. Used to defend, now I focus on us.
I just saw someone say that there is no white privilege because white women can also be abused and have PTSD and look, sometimes people think I’m white and sometimes people think I’m Asian, and it’s very clear that I have a variable white privilege.
Hey #CNN, Instead of race-baiting, Ask the Victims of the virus if they care whether the person who finds the cure is Black, Asian, Latino, or Middle Eastern. 
white Activists are going to start fake coughing as solidarity for racism against asian people and u guys are going to call them brave
Taking precautions for the corona virus is covering your mouth when you cough/sneeze , consuming vitamins , and washing ya damn hands . Not being racist and accusing every Asian person you see of having it .
if you have a cute asian gf post her or i'm unfollowing you.
why are asian parents so quick to go from “you better not have a boyfriend” when ur 18 to “where’s your husband i want a grandkid” when you’re 22.........
I just won’t tolerate memes or fucking jokes about Asian people in regards to the corona virus. It’s disgusting, racist, not funny and only fuels behavior that shouldn’t be tolerated. Take initiative and say something when you see it. Same can be said for all races too obvi
#MediaStatement on increased racial vilification of Asian Australians. 
In NC, Asian American families, especially Chinese American families worry about the coronavirus & it’s affects on their friends & family. Seeing @ewarren put out something so quickly gives me hope that she knows how to listen  concerns. #AAPIsVote  …
The coronavirus virus really gives Asian coochie that extra flavor
Two Chinese tourists were spat at by a group of children in Venice. One was not allowed into Pompeii. Asian student were told not  to class.  …
It's amazing how quick y'all can  childish when two Asian celebrities start dating.
Alright since some of y’all don’t get it, I’ll say it. THE VIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE TO BE RACIST TOWARDS ASIAN PEOPLE.
Wrt the whole "why are people bringing up old tweets and personal details! Must be cyberstalking" argument being pushed by Peter... Peter was involved in a pretty public relationship with a "catfish" and both of them harassed and Asian eceleb, racist & misogynist stuff on main
Beyoncé has statues built to her in Germany. She has buildings built in her honor in Australia. South America is literally one of her biggest markets. She has sold out numerous historic stadium dates in Africa and Asia and numerous Asian artists credit her as an inspiration.
Yang adds Asian doctor joke to his stump that he introduced in Cedar Rapids and used it in Dubuque and here, refers to Trump being a symptom of "disease": "What we have to do on Monday is start doing the harder work of curing the disease. And I'm the Asian doctor for the job."
Happy new year! enjoyed celebrating the year of the rat (yes, I’m a rat) at the league of educators for Asian American progress lunar new year celebration!Thank you Hallie Wells MS for kicking off the night with a dance presentation ⁦ @HallieWellsMS⁩ ⁦ 
#OnThisDay in 2015, Australia were crowned the Asian champions at 
if the flu shot is accessible in your country, GET IT EVERY SINGLE YEAR, as early in the season as possible. i promise that will do more to protect yourself and  from respiratory infections than staying 6 feet away from all asian-looking people in public.
Asian stocks are gaining ground for the first time in seven days after suffering their longest losing streak since 2018. Hong Kong stocks open 1% higher, after being down more than 5% over last two days  
Anybody have kdrama or any asian drama suggestions 
If you Hispanic or Black and want to open a new youtube channel to talk about Software Development better be prepared for not getting the same views, engagement, subscriptions if you were white or asian.. #latinotech #blacktech part 1
What doesn't prevent the coronavirus: anti-Asian racism. What does prevent the coronavirus: washing your damn hands. But racism is less scientific and more emotionally satisfying than soap, so white folks just keep continuing their legacy of the past millennia.
CTV Investigative Journalist @PeterAkman tweeted a photo of himself standing in front of an Asian man wearing a mask with the caption “Hopefully ALL I got today was a haircut."  …
I don't say this lightly... the #YangMediaBlackout and the spreading of misinformation (i.e. MSNBC's "John Yang" instead of @AndrewYang, putting another asian man as his picture, and more) is blatantly racist at this point...  …
"coronavirus just is a solution to overpopulation" I wonder how many people would respond differently if it started in an overpopulated white city, instead of an asian one.
The coronavirus has killed hundreds and instead of expressing sympathy and grief, these selfish, racist pieces of shit are calling to deport everyone of Asian descent. They don't care that it's killing people as long as it doesn't kill white people. Fucking disgusting.
For 2 yrs an unknown Asian man wanted to change the course of our country. He worked tirelessly to open our eyes to what is possible. Inspired & brought hope to many. Some will be forever changed by his movement. @AndrewYang is a hero. We r proud & grateful. U will be  …
No.1 Korea Celebrities No.1 Thai Celebrities No.17 Asian artiests #LISA29MPARTY 
It's great to see more and more universities around the world proving Korean language classes and opportunities for Korean studies : ) Here's one article about @UNC [Asian Studies curriculum introduces new Korean studies major]  …
The thing about this virus is that it’s suddenly bringing back all the racism I experienced when I was younger.And the more I see online+in person, the more I feel like middle school me where I wanted to be anything but asian. Do not use the coronavirus as an excuse to be racist
i fucking hate how my father never takes anything I do seriously nor appreciates any of my work. im a fucking councilman for the most expensive zip code in Los Angeles county & he always undermines the stress of it & calls it "volunteer work." asian parents are a fucking disease.
*writes a piece on racism faced by the  reminiscent of sars and the Canadian experience* immediately part  china 
The REAL outbreak is in "anti-Asian racism and fear mongering." Of course it is.  …
So in summary, all the bullies in Congress, in the White House, and all the angry, jealous doctors on social media can kiss my Asian American ass.
if y’all were really concerned about the coronavirus you would wear a mask at all times instead of just covering your face when you see an asian person in public
*Hot single Asian girls are in your area and want to F*%k NOW* 
being asian shouldn’t be this tough, anything I post now people just find the dumbest reason to make a racist joke about corona virus... people are dying from this virus, not cool.
Shuuttaaaa @heart021485 's voice is sooo stunning! A crazy rich asian!  …
When you see an Asian about to sneeze in public 
To the ppl in  that are perfectly fine with profiling Asian ppl, I will purposefully spit on you if you pull this shit near me.  …
He just wanted to help but his intention was not well accepted by the MSM and even DNC, which gave him so many obstacles no other candidates have ever faced. It is all because he is an Asian noncareer politician. Frankly, U.S. democracy is just so fake, dictated by MSM not people
I’m gonna need to hear from a trans Muslim Asian-Pacific Islander before I’ll believe the research.
Trafficking ads being like report Asian women with white men. When I’m with a white man, he is usually My bitch & much closer to being trafficked than I am.
Every asian girls dream  …
Coughing at the airport as an Asian guy hits different rn
Growing up Asian American was tough. 媽媽 would wake up early every morning to pack my lunch with traditional foods. But when I would open my lunch box at school, the family of bats would escape, swarming the cafeteria and biting all the white kids. I became known as "bat boy"
hi. the corona virus is no excuse to be racist or xenophobic towards asians. please shut the fuck up and stop saying ‘asian virus’ or be rude towards anyone who is asian. bye
what are the symptoms for corona virus ?? i’m deadass scared that i might have it, my substitute asian teacher yesterday was coughing everywhere. my throat is fucking stinging
Coronavirus outbreak is not an excuse for you to be racist towards asian people. Crazy concept, I know.
chenle that conventional asian kid your asian  you to because he plays an instrument, he can sing, he excels in math and english, he's VERY adorable that it seems like he's everyone's little brother and you're just,,, you
ya’ll talkin down on Asian people for what they eat but y’all fetishize eating ass!!!!! Fuck out of my face!!!!!!! Lmao
if you think i have the virus bc im asian, i will sneeze into your open mouth
Asian  poking fun at themselves for being asian = OK. Asian candidate poking fun at himself for being asian = Ermagerrd Model Minorittty Immediately disqualified! Need to write an article STAT.
Hey @woolworths. What happens if a member of your staff aggressively removes a shopper of Asian descent from your store and prevents other Asians then regales the tale as if they are a hero preventing #caronavirus to other customers?
This coronavirus outbreak is exposing all the r@cists and how Asian discrimination is normalized.... 
i feel really bad for all of the asian people in western countries getting so much shit for this corona virus stuff in their schools/ places of work etc. like this is just another excuse to be bullied isn’t it
guys. i don’t know how many times we have to tell you that referring to asian (especially japanese) characters as r*ts is offensive but i’ve been seeing this on the tl A LOT so it’s time to bring this back. read this entirely and please stop.  …
wh*te people after seeing an asian person yawn on the train 
If your reaction every time you see a black or asian actor in your favourite show is: "Ugh, more of the PC woke cultural agenda!", then you are a racist. Simple.
Interrupt xenophobic, racist behavior towards Asian people if it’s happening around you. These recent stories by Asian folks of people moving away from them on the subway, yelling at them in the grocery store for coughing, etc are disgusting.
“Dunks are worth three points” is the most Asian thing I’ve ever read lmao  …
the coronavirus outbreak doesn't give you the right to be racist & xenophobic towards asian people. They’re suffering there. Stop your silly racist tweets... I STAND IN SOLIDARITY WITH OUR SISTERS & BROTHERS IN CHINA.
precaution is “i’m gonna avoid going to crowded areas and sanitizing my hands often throughout the day”. racism is covering your mouth with your sleeve when u see an asian person or those “ when you’re getting jumped by asians and they say cough on him” tweets.
repeat after me; coronavirus is NOT an excuse to be racist towards asian people
Didn’t know racists follow me. Y’all mfers know I’m Asian too right
Here's Trump learning what Asian carp are for the very first time 
asian men can’t go 5 mins without lying about their height.
This is for you Asian Louies!! Thank you, you‘re amazing !!! 
Me with asian louies vs me with uk louies 
TikTok full of Asian kids making hella “hood/ghetto” videos But the minute jokes start flying about that virus, it’s time to end racism 
. @AndrewYang who often says Trump is a symptom of a disease (not the cause) just blurted out a new end to that story today: “And I’m the Asian doctor for the job.” He almost made an Asian joke at the last event but stopped himself.
Compare "white pride" with anything else Black/Latino/Asian Pride... All are centred around a love for self and shared cultural practices Especially amongst diaspora But white pride has none of that It only has hate for others And this is all the difference in the world
“On Monday, we need to do the harder work of curing the disease,” Andrew Yang said. “And I’m the Asian doctor for the job.” Laughs from the crowd. Someone asks him telling jokes and he responded, “well, I was hanging out with Dave Chappelle a few days ago.”
People are going to be mistreating Asian folks just like folks were mistreating Africans during the Ebola epidemic. I remember at the hospital people were refusing to have African nurses, techs, or cleaners. It was pissing me off so damn much.
>people are dying >pls don't be racist Look I'm Asian. We're literally dying over here and we really don't have time for your stupid identity politics. Either work together curbing this disease or shut up.  …
the funniest thing to me are people from other Asian countries joining in on the racism like babe what....we all know your countries have minorities who eat things that the west would see as unconventional too do y’all think they respect you
Dumb White people out here running away from every Asian person they see, and judging them for the Corona virus - meanwhile 80% of the European population died throughout history because ya'll had a plague every 10 years cause you don't clean your assholes.
idk who needs to hear this but not every asian person has the coronavirus.
funny how everyone’s calling for a world cull of asian food n u still eat british beef like mad cow never did anything
Racism against Asian Americans has already been normalized by both mainstream and social media. If our appropriate concern over the coronavirus outbreak turns into an inappropriate panic, we have the potential to turn usual discrimination against Asians that into frank violence.
if ur worried about the coronavirus just know the severity of it has been greatly exaggerated by the media to make you feel some typa way about asian folks. you’re gonna be alright stop trippin
since you’re not asian, i need you to understand that what you just said was xenophobic as hell and entirely not ok. you don’t get to dictate what MY PEOPLE think of OUR music, and you ESPECIALLY don’t get to call it a “disease.” y’all are starting to sound like racist locals.
unfollow them or me! the virus isn’t an excuse to be xenophobic.... so weird when people who stan asian men wanna be xenophobic about asian people sjdkdkdkdk 
Also, as a reminder, Chinese people are not vermin like rats or cockroaches. People of Asian descent are not dirty or worthy of suspicion. When we sneeze or cough, in all likelihood it’s an allergy  cold or some dust that went into our noses. We are just like you.
a lot of ignorance about ppl seeing an asian cough/sneeze, then freaking out, covering their faces&justifying themselves bc we "look alike" no karen, i notice ANYONE who is sick&wash my hands like u should be doing regularly u filthy musty dusty rotten-egg smelling cabbage head
If Warren wins, we'll have our first woman president. If Bernie wins, we'll have our first Jewish president. It Yang wins, we'll have our first Asian president. If Pete wins, we'll have our first gay president. If Trump wins, we'll have our first dictator.
￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣ | how can immigrants be | | lazy and be stealing your | | jobs at the same time??? It | | doesn’t make sense luv | _______________________________ (\__/) || (•ㅅ•)|| / づ
With the continued lack of Asian actors in Hollywood's leading roles, Asian characters aren't afforded the  as those of other races, and viewers might be more hesitant to recognize the technical chops of Asian actors. via @vice @bettinamak  …
Chief Public Health Officer Theresa Tam says she's troubled by the growing number of reports of racists acts  directed at people of Chinese and Asian descent related to the coronavirus outbreak. 
I don't give a shit about white people being  around Asian Americans coughing. Instead I care about the US' strategic push to use this health crisis to devastate the global south by overthrowing the only major nation that's materially supporting global south nations.
"No Chinese allowed." A wave of racist abuse has been directed at  as the coronavirus spreads beyond China 
I’m honored to receive a Justice in Action Award from the Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund (AALDEF). Come meet me and support AALDEF’s important work at this Lunar New Year Gala on Thursday, February 6 in New York City. 
accidentally took myself to urgent care instead of the normal doctor’s office today, so if you saw a small asian girl sprinting half a mile down sunset blvd at 11am in a fuller puffer jacket - that was me
If anyone tries me with that coronavirus shit bc I’m Asian, Imma cough on you just for the hell of if.
People are definitely being racist towards me because I’m flying rn and wearing a mask and am Asian and all I got to say is.......... I’m the one wearing the mask y’all fucked lololol
I talk to director Cathy Yan, who is the first Asian-American woman to direct a superhero film, about BIRDS OF PREY and why she had Margot Robbie do her own stunts. Thanks  …
Every asian aunty and uncle's reactions: 
In this coronavirus situation, people are feeding into their fears and thinking only about themselves. And choosing to be RACIST towards Asian people. INSTEAD of having EMPATHY and you know caring about them and their loves ones who might be affected.  …
“Hi, I’m I-5 and I am historically racist. Hobbies include displacing Seattle’s  and transferring their wealth to the suburbs. Currently, I’m focused on climate change. I’m a heavy smoker and I can be a little loud. Even my friends think I’m high maintenance.”  …
Theresa Tam says she's troubled by the growing number of reports of racists acts  on social media directed at people of Chinese and Asian descent. 
The Guardian article with singer Kelis is basically designed to take a swipe at Black men. She claimed the Neptunes robbed her out of equal publishing (but she didn’t write or produce the songs with them). & this reflects on “Black men”, even tho one of the Neptunes is Asian 
I remember when I was  up on the grind and these old heads used to be so condescending to me being Asian before they even heard my beats.. Glad I never payed them no mind I can prolly buy them a lifetime supply of back pain meds with 1/4 of my March 2015 royalty.
Today is #FredKorematsuDay. Let us celebrate the life of Fred Korematsu, a Japanese-American civil rights activist. It is also the first day in U.S. history named after an Asian American. Read more about him and his fight for freedom:  …
It is  clear that Kobe Bryant was the most popular celebrity within  in Southern California than anyone else who lives here. Black, white, Hispanic, Asian, old, young, rich, poor, middle class and everyone in between. They all loved him.
February 21st: An Asian woman sneezes on a poodle in Florida March 8th: The last American alive dies to coronavirus 
I am an Asian-American female cinematographer and director currently in Tokyo filming a short romance about two women who meet and get to know each other through art. If you’re interested, follow the film here:  Below are some location scout photos by 
I’m sick of racism. Surveilling “foreign” people & their nonwhite bodies bc coronavirus came “oversea” is racism. Assuming Chinese & other Asian people have coronavirus is racist. Fear & anxiety over the Other’s infectious toxicity is racism. This is what’s really sickening.
Psa: anyone who wants to be racist towards Ppl from Asian decent cause of the coronavirus around me... just know I have the time to argue, fight And defend them from u bigots.
I don’t know who needs to hear this, but fear of the Coronavirus doesn’t give you permission to be shitty towards the 
The racism against Asian folks in regards to the coronavirus by white Americans has been absolutely gross and hypocritical to witness. You know Europeans brought diseases on their colonization world tour lol like seriously? Now you wanna be xenophobic? Worry about anti-vaxxers
I believe Black ppl all acknowledge those are Asian culture, while I have to educate folks here like actually this type of music/dance/fashion/… was invented/inspired by Black ppl cuz otherwise they will always think it's from Western culture aka "white culture" lol
remove the boba emojiim not bout to witness all the asian bitches of this earth caption their pics like “is it okay if u call me ur boba bae *insert boba emoji*” djskdkd STOP  …
I'm glad this virus is exposing peoples true feelings towards asian people
asian louies never get the recognition they deserve even when they’re always so supportive and powerful. ASIAN LOUIES YALL ARE AMAZING
Ling Tan in F/W 97 HC Dior by John Galliano. Photographed by Patrick Demarchelier for Harper’s Bazaar, October 1997 | Ling Tan is a Malaysian-Chinese model who is credited as the first Asian supermodel. She’s worked with Chanel, JPG, Giambattista Valli, and Tom Ford to name a few 
Read the thread. European world of academia for postgrad is such a blessing  with Asian countries. Here, some of the postgrad students didn't even get any allowance and need to pay expensive tuition fees.  …
The Coronavirus is NOT an excuse to be racist towards Asian People The Coronavirus is NOT an excuse to be racist towards Asian People The Coronavirus is NOT an excuse to be racist towards Asian People The Coronavirus is NOT an excuse to be racist towards Asian People
Premiaciones que le robaron a X1 sus logros. 1. Golden Disk Awards 2. Seoul Music Awards 3. Melon Music Awards 4. MNET Asian Music Awards 5. Gaon Chart Music Awards #인내심의끝_응답하라_씨제이 #CJENM_Its_your_turn 
I wrote a little something about us whacky second generation chefs of South Asian origin for @platemagazine ...thanks to @ChandrasPlate for giving me the charge and fellow chefs @tuktuklex @cheetieku & @farmocooks 
 to how it feels to be Asian American.  …
practically every frame from an abbas kiarostami film looks like it's straight out an impressionist painting, the visuals iranian new wave and asian cinema in general give us are so underrated 
This story of racial harassment is sadly being  but it remains unacceptable. The growing spread of anti-Chinese, anti-Asian racism is going to do more harm than the low rate of transmission of the #Coronarvirus. Together we will do  …
TRUMP is improving the lives of ALL Americans. Under Trump, the economy is booming, historic tax cuts were passed, trade deals have been renegotiated, and African-American, Asian American, and Hispanic American unemployment are all at RECORD LOWS h/t 
not new to nsfw!! just doing another one because i changed my pronouns to see if  being referred as a he - val - 15 (turning 16 next month) - bi (girls++) - top/dom - pisces - 5’5 - asian!! - he/him - female - not trans rt to be moots!! <3 for a possible dm! 
I posted a picture using ahego, not realising the history behind that expression. I have taken it down, and apologise for offending any of my Asian friends, and for not doing my research first.
I feel your asian eyes But is the same type 
Asian grooming gang free to roam streets because officers were told to 'find other ethnicities' to investigate, detective claims.  …
Sportswoman Of The Year 2019: Nargis Hazara The ‘Pakistani karate girl’ @Nargiskarateka has shone globally for Pakistan Nargis holds the record of being the ONLY Pakistani to win a medal in Karate at the Asian games, which she achieved in 2018 #PSA19 
I'm eventually going to  and old asian dude and it's important for you to understand that I will be whispering "the prophecy..." whenever something loud happens just to freak everyone around me the fuck out
Today is Fred Korematsu Day, marking the birthday of the Oakland-born civil rights activist who resisted the internment of Japanese-Americans. It's also the first day in U.S. history  an Asian American. 
Is covering your face around an Asian person amid the coronavirus outbreak racist? Explain your reasoning.
fellow asian diaspora— while the coronavirus outbreak has dredged up anti-asian sentiment, i beg you: the answer is not in distancing ourselves as different from mainland asia or throwing china under the bus, but rather in interrogating and attacking the racist narrative itself
the coronavirus is no excuse to be racist towards asian people. just because another culture eats differently than you does not make either side right or wrong. please be kind to everyone everywhere
#LISA29MPARTY on IG as of 2020.01.30 #LISA is the fastest celeb in K-ent industry to reach 29M followers in 1 year, 7 months, 15 days! No.1 among K-celebs No.1 among Thai celebs No.17 among Asian artists  #LALISA 
In solidarity, @tmkrishna #Chennai peeps, pls be there for the book launch on 2nd Feb, 6:45 pm at Asian College of Journalism  …
This is an opportunity to stand up against institutional capture (of Kalakshetra). Urge book and music lovers to gather in large numbers at the Asian College of Journalism.
this irritates me so much bc white people are so nasty and stay coughing and sneezing without covering their mouths but they wanna act like this in the presence of someone asian who not even coughing  …
my dms are open to talk if any asian girls feel heartbroken by the racist behaviour us wypipo have shown u  …
Suitcase: maybe she’s traveling between European countries. How does an asian woman traveling at all automatically mean she’s from China? Lunar New Year is celebrated by many people outside of China. Shopping bags? Seriously? So now only people from China are allowed to SHOP?
Man I was born and raised in the US but I'm finna start coughing up a storm in public just to fuck with people since y'all wanna assume every walking Asian body is from China.
That style of debate is Oxford-Oregon and I find it less healthy than that of Asian Parliamentary especially during the interpellation part. Moreover,debaters of the latter are more inclined to  objective while the former tends to create clash with debaters being subjective
there was an asian couple that said "fuck a quarantine, we paid for the cruise, we're fucking going damn it!!!" 
our class today also discussed “asian values” by lumping Lee Kuan yew, Mahathir Mohamad and Suharto together as anti human rights VERSUS japan as consistently pro human rights in order to disprove cultural relativism. note how Japan wasn’t homogenised and reduced to one leader.
Sanders' strength in  from voters aged 18-34, with 53% supporting him, the poll shows. Sanders is also the top choice of Latino voters (36%) and Asian American voters (27%). Bernie Sanders Pulls Away From Pack in California  …
If you’re asian and people are making Coronavirus jokes about you, you’re legally allowed to sneeze on them
somehow, a deadly disease made an excuse to spread anti-Asian sentiments across the globe. just because you're asian, you're now a target of racist jokes.
Coronavirus: Senate asks FG to isolate travellers from China, Asian countries for 14 days 
We may finally be free from the tyranny of chicken tikka masala as Western mainstream audiences learn about the breadth and depth of South Asian cuisine. (via 
Same ppl who call everyone anti black are the people who are discriminatory to Asian minorities but that ain’t my business  …
Last day in the office for @ScanlanDavid who's heading off to Singapore for an Asian adventure! We will miss his never-ending energy, top-notch news skills and always sunny ways.  …
I just found out that Asian mail order brides are half price from Wuhan right now.
When people say startups & tech are a meritocracy, they gloss over the fact that starting  involves begging some usually white or Asian bro for rich people’s money (aka funding) and the evaluation process is mostly stereotypes & bandwagon culture rife with discrimination  …
her nose was stunning is still stunning but ladies the button nose is a trend; grecian, arab, asian and black noses will be SUPER in with the  rise of “unique beauty” to counteract the oversaturation of “instagram face” QUOTE ME ON IT save ur $5K-$12K for now pls  …
now wait for TMK to write a billion articles on The Hindu, wire, quint, talk on ndtv etc. He would claim that autonomous status of the Kalakshetra is hijacked by fascist modi. As suspected the event is happening at Asian College of Journalism. Where else will he be entertained.
Yesterday near close of ES US session had good selling setting the mood for the Asian & European sessions. The night sessions sold off almost testing the swing low from Monday. We may gravitate higher to try & fill the Gap first. 3242 where the HVN also my pivot . $SPY 
bong joon ho and scarjo sitting next to each other for the   …
It’s literally just bat flu. Hella people die  with the flu every year, but y’all xenophobic asf and are acting like being near an Asian person is a death sentence. Y’all did the same shit with Africans and Ebola. Y’all gotta grow up someday.  …
Sebastian and Sons will be launched on the same day 2nd February at 6 45pm at ACJ Hall, Asian college of Journalism, Taramani, Chennnai  …
Full house po ang ER ng Asian Hospital
Ya being racist af towards Asian people not considering that not only are they not all Chinese but haven’t been exposed to the virus... acting like ya don’t be walking around with hella STD’s
EXCLUSIVE to M&S - you can now get ITSU at home! We've made it super easy for you to create an Asian-inspired dinner with our super tasty @itsuofficial brilliant'broths (3 to choose from), a noodle & veg pack and your choice of protein for just £6. Visit us in store 
There's nothing funnier than locals using the parasite movie and cast as their token asian guys, then going around and being racist to BTS and other korean artists
￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣ | The corona virus outbreak | | Doesn’t give you | | An excuse to be openly | | racist to Asian people | |＿＿＿＿_____________________| (\__/) || (•ㅅ•) || / づ
Ehhh one of my fb friends (I know him as the husband of my actual friend), a white German guy, got really salty last night about foreigners having to pay higher admission fees for tourist attractions and heritage sites in Asian countries and I'm just like OK COLONIZER 
bong joon-ho and scarlett sitting together let’s go asian excellence  …
#Mino said that Winner is currently in an Asian tour where they perform for many audience,  to those stages..since the venue today was small and he could see each one's facial expressions & so near, so he is so nervous.ㅋㅋAckk!so cute. #송민호 
Yes yes Natalie I’m the crazy one for enjoying animation not you, registered “obsess over grown Asian men doing anything because I have decided in my head that they are so precious that them walking or cheering is praise worthy” official. Excuse me while I love BNHA in a corner.
If you’re white kindly shut the fuck up about the corona virus, the Chinese government, the dog eating festival or any fucked-up justification of racism towards Chinese and Asian people. Did you conveniently forget about how white people transferred diseases to Indigenous People?
At any given moment there is at least 3 babes trying to get your mcm to take them out for pan Asian cuisine on the weekend. Shameless thots.
lol. I remember Margaret Cho defining SARS as “Sudden Asian Racism Syndrome”
pov: u attend ur asian family reunion and u see ur rich aunt, uncle and cousins but ur poor and u cant relate 
Raveesh Kumar, MEA: India enjoys excellent bilateral relationship with all the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) countries except one. Regional corporation is adversely affected when you have cross border terrorism. 
i was holding it together with all the racist hate i've been receiving in regards to the coronavirus but now i've actually been reduced to tears - an asian man in sydney has died because no one helped him when he collapsed because they thought he had the coronavirus
and how do they know she’s Chinese? y’all think every eat Asian looking person is Chinese
"What it's like to never ever see yourself on TV." Author Charles Yu on growing up Asian in America 
My mum really thought some bitch ass virus gonna stop me from eating Thai food, fk outta here. Mf’s be scared to eat Asian food but will happily eat a snack pack made by some hairy sweaty bloke using meat that’s 3 days old
After you make out with that cute Asian girl and catch a cough 
interaction I just had with a customer at work: him: I’m getting married on Saturday then we’re off to Thailand. Best thing about this corona virus is there won’t be loads of Chinese me: so you are hoping there will be less Asian people in Thailand him: yes me: ok
Rookie of the Year Awards by TXT! Brand of the Year Awards MGMA Soribada V Heartbeat Awards Asian Artist Awards Melon Music Awards MAMA Golden Disc Awards Gaon Music Awards Mubeat Awards Seoul Music Awards #TXTROTYGrandSlam @TXT_members
being mad over how this virus started is not being racist over chinese or asians (im asian), its literally something to be mad about and the things happening is really serious. everyone is at risk of danger and it can kill anyone!!! its really scary
Understand this. It is about a history that predates thousands of years to any current North American and South East Asian political correctness. It's about: 1. East Asians actually on average have light-coloured skin. 2. It's NOT about being Caucasian or European white. 
The rise of the Asian age. .wef.ch/30Kp8jv #WEF20 via @wef #Sustainability #SDGs #MWC20 #EmergingTech #MegaTrends #TechForGood cc @sallyeaves @TopCyberNews @jblefevre60 @labordeolivier @rajat_shrimal @andi_staub 
I logged in to see this mf in my TL with an Asian idol pfp capping for a racist tweet You: Oh we shouldn't call out the OP for getting 13k likes bcos or a racist tweet and somehow attracted other racist people to make fun of Asians..that's... cyberbullying!! Poor OP :(  …
To my fellow asian mutuals, keep safe. Always be mindful of washing your hands before and after eating. Wear facemasks (blue side out), if possible (as far as I've known, the current virus is droplet based). Cough or sneeze by your elbow to prevent spreading.
did you not understand the racist part in that. you’re directly saying that because the woman is asian and because she has a suitcase she automatically has the virus. what if the woman has lived in the US or another european country her whole life and just went on a quick trip
If they were truly worried about the virus, they would be wearing proper face protection, Chinese person present or not. The fact that they're covering their faces **with their shirts** when a Chinese/East Asian person is around shows that 1) they don't actually really care to
Southeast asian girls... we made points, again! 
please don't take your fear out on random asian people... you're not going to get sick just from ordering food from a chinese restaurant... the virus isn't being carried by the Concept of being asian
Asian salons have been at the forefront of the nail industry. The prices aren't cheaper because of "inferior" products. They're cheaper because of racism. People walk in, see an Asian face & balk at a higher price. Salons use cheaper products because they can't raise prices.
We are always on the lookout for new volunteers who can spare a small amount of time each week to work remotely with the support of a friendly, passionate team with one goal - to help the Asian elephants! Please email savetheasianelephants@stae.org 
So SM postponed all their artists' activities due to the virus outbreak but Seventeen have a whole Asian tour and Pledis won't do anything about it, nice
Or asian descents should not be tolerated. Please lets not spread hatred when the victims here are  people too. Learn to empathize. Your condescending remarks won't help anyone. Keep safe everyone!
Jan 28: KAZAKHSTAN’S CAPITAL UNDER “STATE OF EMERGENCY” AS SEVERE WEEK-LONG WINTER STORM CONTINUES Highways in the C. Asian country have been closed due to drifts, as the lower-latitudes continue to refreeze in line with historically low solar activity.  …
Being an Asian person in an airport right now is a trip, I tell you. One cough and everyone looks horrified.
. @BTS_twt is now the 19th most viewed Artist on global YouTube They're the only Asian act in top 35 of this list 
I'd like to work on a series  regarding mental health issues within the South  someday, especially about issues in immigrant/first or second generation families. It's a heavy topic but I think it would benefit from some visual/illustrative storytelling
We have 2 votes on instagram. Do not forget to vote.. Bousnid: Comment with hashtag #Jungkook  100 Asian heartthrobs: Like   #JeonJungKook #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク 
if ur not stereotyping than what is dis hunny...? u telling me u didn’t gather these inferences from east asian pop culture?? 
Oven Baked Asian Ribs with Crispy Onions. Slow cooked in the oven until tender, then brushed with a sticky marinade and finished with crispy onions!  … #ribs #ovenbaked #Asianribs #appetiser 
“i’m not racist or stereotyping!! i have asian friends and watch korean dramas!!!!”
It took Andrew Yang’s candidacy and literal coronavirus for wypipo to realize anti Asian racism still exists
European Ghosts are sophisticatedly dressed and creepy. Asian Ghosts are scary little girls with their long hair covering their faces. Then we have the American Ghost..Slimer.
Mukbang is yet another Asian creation embraced by self-destructive westerners.  …
The Indian plate slowly moving northwards in the remote past hit the Asian plate many million years ago. When it hit the Asian plate it created a crumple. What came of this crumple is the massive range of mountains. This is what we now call the #Himalayan 
#TB: King Khan on the stage of Asian Lifestyle Show 2007 at Grand Hall London! 
PNG to ban all travellers from Asian countries as it steps up response to coronavirus outbreak - Pacific Beat - ABC Radio Australia: Papua New Guinea bans flights because of the Coronavirus. PH- ano na?  …
It was Asian coughing at the store. I called the cops Lord forgive me
You can supposedly tell which country East/South a East Asian people are from by looking at them but you don’t know that “thailandese” isn’t a nationality? That definitely makes sense
: The next big Asian market for tech start ups? Germany’s version of BBC just published a great piece on the potential & promise of ’s hot start up scene. 720 startups created since 2010 — 67% still in operation — 100 successfully raising funding.  
Serves me right for checking the terminal when I should be going to bed: the 3-month-10-year Treasury yield curve has just inverted in Asian trading. Classic recession indicator. Night night, all. 
if u edcquted urself instead of being factual, u would know ur sweater is worthless. u would’ve walked up into a pharmacy, bought medical masks & wore it instead of acting as if some random asian was full of disease. it’s not just chinese, it’s other races who visited there too.
The media is racist. Solidarity with Asian folks who are copping it hard for no good reason
Silver lining of virus.... diaspora Asians are waking up to anti-asian racism.
A lovely young Asian woman hit on me tonight. I must give off sugar mama dyke vibes. I like it lol She was too young but at least she wasn’t a he. Blessings.
#OprahMeetYang because he’s literally Asian Oprah.  …
You can kind of tell the culture shock some people get when they see Asians wearing masks. People freak out when in reality it's a polite gesture in Asian cultures to not spread germs.
Syed Abdul Rahim, @ajaydevgn's character in #Maidaan, coached India to victory at the Asian Games in 1951 and in 1962  …
Thanks to @joetsai1999 & @BrooklynNets for helping the  in the US celebrate our culture’s most important #holiday #LunarNewYear 
-Investors cautious over coronavirus concerns -Asian stocks to a seven-week low  suspend China operations for time being -U.S. futures -Yuan -Oil , gold  
Me fake coughing on all the bitches saying I have coronavirus because I’m asian 
ASIAN TOP TIP: Wear a mask when in an airplane so you can have empty seats next to you, lol
So your country is tearing itself apart before your eyes & here is the happy warrior looking to help Everyday Americans & let the kids know it’s gonna be all right. They call him the Asian Oprah; so @Oprah, you might as well meet @AndrewYang. #OprahMeetYang
He should've put a disclaimer in small print *does not include Native Americans, African Americans, Latinx, Asian Americans, immigrants, and other POC in general as they do not fit the idolized politicized version of the "Heartland American" stereotype.
. @TomSteyer picks up endorsement from Iowa Dems’ Asian American & Pacific Islander chair 
A woman was assaulted and was forced to leave a train because she was asian. I cant stand another racist remark toward Asians again. I’m sick and tired of racist fools who pick on us. Your ignorance does nothing to stop the virus and going beyond to attack us does nothing but +
Lol , nah if you knew him, it’s derived from a place of self hate. He hates being asian (Indian) and tries to be latino (drive around with a Colombian flag, wears the soccer jerseys, says spanish catch phrases, posts etc.) but im pretty sure  from the middle -
Asian governments are scrambling to limit the spread of the Wuhan coronavirus while bracing for economic repercussions. 
Asian jewel beetles stand out with their iridescent exoskeleton. This iridescence may actually help camouflage these beetles from both birds and humans in the wild.  …
sports locals: haha BTS r asian so they have coronavirus get it? funny LOL take a joke ARMYs: stick to soccer sports locals: OMG IT'S FOOTBALL!!!!! HOW FUCKING DARE YOU
Swear I havent clowned any asian people myself but I'm definitely not finna be up in arms about these jokes
ya mcm put the “what kind of asian are you?” filter on on insta and replayed it over and over again till he got ABB and pretended to act surprised when he got it
jokes: funy jokes: cool jokes: hehehaha jokes where u say someone has coronavirus simply because they are of asian descent: not funny!
Asian markets slumped Thursday as the number of coronavirus cases continue to mount, creating uncertainty for the global economy 
Germany’s Lufthansa to stop flights into China. The decision follows similar moves by American Airlines, British Airways, and several Asian carriers.
white people have been racist towards asian people over coronavirus and black people over ebola as if they didn’t give the entire native american population syphilis
1/5 I am concerned about the growing number of reports of #racism and  on social media directed to people of Chinese and Asian descent related to #2019nCOV #coronavirus. 
Ah, that good old fashioned passive-aggressive racist bigotry that many of us are so familiar with. If I was the Asian lady, I'd fake a series of coughs and sneezes so that the nose-coverers will run away, then I'll have extra legroom and storage space.  …
So stereotyping Asian using BTS as a "joke" for a serious virus is a new thread now I'm so disappointed to know that most of those ppl are black. Have they forgotten the amount of joke the whiteman made about black and gay ppl effecting them with aids and ebola. Was it funny?
i swear to god if you call me any asian slur i will cough on u just to make u think u got corona stupid bitch
so if I am understanding this correctly it turns out peter coffin's fake asian girlfriend that he invented was actually a fake asian girlfriend that his real underage girlfriend invented
Which Asian American writer will have the worst take when Yang drops out
If I were the President, and I thought Climate Change was REAL like most of the left does, there would be immediate military action on Asian Countries. They are permanently damaging the planet right? Have any of you ever heard anyone on the left mention that???
i think for “Blasians” they do it to find other Black Asian ppl in  as well bc Asians be hella antiblack so its  thing as well
I kinda does though. Just because they look asian doesn't mean they were in China or have had any contact with China recently.
A great deal of modern segregation has been ushered in through public health panics. Here is historian Kelly Black on anti-Asian racism in BC & its echoes in the present. Many of the same points can be made, with different degrees of emphasis, about other parts of Canada.  …
lmao some racist fuck came into my workplace and asked me if i have coronavirus cus im asian???? lmao??? i asked him if he was fkn serious and he goes ‘yeah, im quite worried’. so i called my manager on him and he goes ‘sorry i was just joking!!!’
Sen. Hontiveros: Sabi ni Presidente he is not inclined to ban PH-China flights for now, something that other Asian countries have done. Mawalang galanag, hindi naman doktor si Presidente. It should be DOH, WHO to tell us what steps to take
Me when I see all the Asian’s walking around with masks 
asian fashion will always lead the game
I think some people also thought it was strange you were supporting Yang because he's a Democrat, not necessarily because you're both Asian
Chinese  sent message loud n clear today -- we need sound & evidence based health policies and not biased and racist assumptions that will harm  and the public. Glad to see our govt in support! #fightcornavirusfightracism #coronaravirus 
Thank you @SarahChampionMP It's a national disgrace. There needs to be a National inquiry. But please, I beg you, call them what they are: Predominantly Pakistani Muslim Raping (grooming) Gangs. Even @MaajidNawaz thinks they should be called that. No more 'Asian' nonsense  …
Asian boys in East London always love to give dirts
Evan Low: Politician currently serving in the California State Assembly. He is a Democrat representing the 28th Assembly District. He is a member of the California Legislative LGBT Caucus, and the California Asian & Pacific Islander Legislative Caucus. 
 to an asian resturant to say ew to everything and then order general Tso
People are really just telling anyone Asian to stop eating bats like I have a bat granola bar in my purse next to my keys or something
what angers me most is that all my asian folks wouldn’t know what to do when ppl make racist jokes like these. It’s a cultural thing I can’t explain well but it’s just known to not promote violence and ignorance. you white people are rlly testing our patience
Doesn’t mean you need to cover your mouth from an Asian looking person in your vicinity? Which won’t do anything to protect yourself from infection anyway, realistically speaking. Also, saying we live in the “normal” world could not make your racist attitude any more apparent.
If you're a white Australian who, because of #coronaravirus, is now afraid of folk in your  who "look Asian" you're not concerned about health, you're racist. Sorry I don't make the rules.
It is the official position of the Canadian Energy Centre and of the UCP Government that we should never try to reduce our emissions and that we should force Asian markets to buy natural gas they have no interest in buying to make Kenney's donors happy. #ableg #cdnpoli  …
Hi @seventhandf do you need an asian male model? 
Media scream many unhappy with xmas island evacuation.Reality is,they've only managed to find 1 Asian student whose top concerns are,will there be Internet, can i bring my phone,will i have 6 star  @ScottMorrisonMP putting Australians 1st. #auspol 
Reading a book entitled "Asian cuisines" written by American academics and every chapter seems to focus almost entirely on when Western influences entered the various cuisines. It's so bizarre.
This is a very important point. Culture is how we understand the world around us. Census figures (not perfect for a bunch of reasons) show 16% of Australians have Asian ancestry. That’s 1 in 6 Australians. What expressions of Australian culture reflect that? Almost none.  …
Semi-regular reminder: proportionately, there are as many Asian-Australians as there are black Americans in the US. The first documented Chinese immigrant arrived over 200 years ago. Asian-Australian trade pre-dates white arrival. So what gives, Australian arts and media?
Some major Asian talent behind the scenes of #BirdsofPrey: directed by Cathy Yan, written by Christina Hodson, cinematography by Matthew Libatique. Also: Ella Jay Basco is the future.
“Australian TV has always been like that: it’s great until you notice what’s missing. And once you notice that absence, it  all you see.” A knockout piece about the huge absence of that defines Australian TV: Asian face. By the great  …
Getting nervous around Asian people now this must be how niggas felt after Pearl Harbor
i can’t believe how many likes locals are getting on these racist tweets abt b*s and the virus it fr shows how racism against asian people is normalised bc they’ll all “” to it and then deny its racist i’m so sick of this
they are obsessed with niggering up these lil light bright white Asian boys instead of just dating actual Black ppl that like Black women it’s weird
The hashtag #JeNeSuisPasUnVirus (I am not a virus) has started in France, after many episodes of racism against people with Asian features, sharply increased this month for “fear of the virus”. WHO should declare a health emergency against the spread of racism - it’s sickening
Idc if she was white, black, asian or blue. If u are rude, I ain’t gonna like u. I ain’t fake
the bubble tea emoji........ asian twitter about to lose their god damn minds  …
So many S Asians wanna be seen as asian so they can join on in the “cool” stuff like anime but refuse to stand with E/SE Asians when we actuallly face racism. Ok  …
Attention please, just because of the outbreak of the Corona Virus. It does not make it okay for you to be xenophobic or racist towards Asian people xoxo Have a good day!
Last week @IssaRae was promoting Black/Asian "love". This week she's pivoting to Black/Black "love?" This chick isn't a "swirler." She's a CAROUSEL. And EVERYBODY'S getting a turn. This is NOT a good look. 
Reports in Europe of racism because of coronavirus. French Asians hit back at racism with 'I'm not a virus.' French newspaper apologised, saying it had not meant to use some of the "worst Asian stereotypes."  …
asian e-girls NOW is the time to unleash your simps to fight back against anti-chinese racism
To be fair. He tried the black woman and she almost chopped his head off for disrespecting the tribe. Tried black woman again and the cops killed him. My man gotta try Asian
Paul Miyamoto ( @MiyamotoSheriff) became the first Asian American sheriff in the history of California. CGTN's @MarkNiu has this profile on his life and heritage and how he got to where he is 
I got an internship at a non-profit Asian advocacy org and I just got a scholarship that’s covering my entire study abroad trip to Laos. 2020 is MY YEAR
The coronavirus is not an excuse to post asian people eating weird things. Stop.
Will you look at that: Anonymous5 was right again. Out of eight samples tested, the Asian male has an unusually high number of #coronavirus receptors in the  …
y'all should be proud bts is making such an impact in Western media and breaking the racist stereotypes of what a kpop group is supposed to be like instead of trying to spread your bts pop agenda and furthering the racist mentality that kpop is manufactured Asian trash
Only 5% of the 3653 books published in 2018 for kids/teens featured Latinx protagonists. (Just 1% featured Native Americans, 7% Asian Americans / Pasifika, 10% Black folks.) Numbers for adult books (though there's less data because no publisher keeps track) are similar. 13/
Coronavirus: Lagos to quarantine travellers from China, Asian countries 
the asian matrix remake 
I spoke with Asian students at ASU who say they're facing jokes, stares and isolation on campus after the coronavirus was confirmed there. Latest for  …
coronavirus doesn't mean you should avoid all asian people. only me bc i hate people.
haha saw this video on weibo of yixing at asian culture carnival and it was captioned him being a ‘little’ bit shy because the girls were staring at him 
Baap ko Drug addict bolta hai ?! Guy who had won Best Model Of The World in Turkey in 2005 at the age 25 doesn't need to get Jealous from that 26 yrs old moron Who haven't Achieved anything infront of that MIGHTY TITLE 1st Asian too achieve that feat  …
Today's choice quote from the friendly old naked men in my gym changing room: "Hear about that Croner virus in China?" "I did. Not worried about catching it though, I don't think I'm of Asian descent."
Writing my Asian novel: "Arigatou," I whisper, avoiding eye contact through my bowlcut bangs. I stuff a shrimp dumpling in my mouth, careful not to spill soy sauce on my áo dài. I could never tell my oppa the truth: that I didnt want to be a doctor, I wanted to be a hentai artist
SUPPORT YOUR ASIAN ARTISTS NOW!! WERE TIRED!!!
We call on #fifa and the Asian #football federation to stop organized and blatant #racism against the Turks in the Iranian Premier League. #fifa_hear_our_voice #SayNoToRacism #StopRacism
After 9 intense months of hard work and countless hours poured into this amazing movement by our powerfully  and campaign team, I am SO proud to share that today the Board of Trustees has approved an Asian American Center for UNC-Chapel Hill’s campus.
Congratulations on having kids that speak in one language. By the time a lot of African and Asian babies are 3, we are having full blown conversations in at least 2 languages, including constructing sentences to avoid getting smacked in the head for being pretentious wankers  …
If the Asian nigga ain’t have his gun out then the party wasn’t lit enough  …
It should be lost on no one just how many times the Toronto Sun became a nexus for conspiracy and crazy. Candice Malcolm and Trek Fatah pumped insane bioweapon conspiracies. Brian Lilley and Joe Warmington went to the airport and pointed at Asian people to encourage flight bans.
Idc about anyone else in the gym except the other asian kid. I refuse to let you out lift me
I'm so happy to finally announce that I'LL BE THE ONE is going to be a movie at HBO Max! I'm so blessed to be working with amazing Asian American women like Nahnatchka Khan (FRESH OFF THE BOAT, ALWAYS BE MY MAYBE) and Colleen McGuinness (30 ROCK, FRIENDS FROM COLLEGE). <3  …
It's not that representation isn't something to aim for, but that being Asian in America is about much more than just who's on screen. Representation should be a step toward seeing the interplay of  via @vice  …
imagine being so ignorant and assuming avoiding asian people is the best way to avoid a virus that has only been confirmed in two people in CA lol. the flu kills thousands a year and y’all still be going out & shit with it!
My Asian bitch came in my mouth call that sippin corona
I could get a hot asian gf at any time, I'm just being careful because of the coronavirus
About 50% of my students at Stony Brook wore face masks to class; four of them also wore goggles. From what I observed from people around campus, it would be less, about 20%. We have a fairly large Asian student population in the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences.
Coming to theaters next week, @birdsofpreywb is directed by #PrincetonU alumna Cathy Yan '08, making her the first Asian woman to direct a film in the superhero genre.  (via @BroadwayWorld)
There are so many good stories and quotes I had to leave out of this story, but here's my piece on what Kobe Bryant meant for the SoCal's Asian American/Pacific   …
“there’s hot Asian girls 2.4 miles away from you” 
being like ooo that asian person has the corona virus isn’t a funny joke you’re just racist
i have a headache guys omg haha guys im asian i must have that sickness haha guys you know one thing I must have it since im sick and im asian haha I have aids
ZAM! Great to be able to announce that Sharon Lam's 'Lonely Asian Woman', which we published last year at Lawrence & Gibson, has been long-listed for the prize of best fiction of the year at the Ockham's. Only 3rd time for us to be on the list!  …
Some of you haven’t done your research and are just flat out avoiding any Asian looking people or making harsh jokes, some of you don’t even practice basic hygiene, cough into your hands then touch handles and door knobs or shake hands, SOME OF YOU DON’T EVEN WASH YOUR HANDS  …
“Media Center” starts receiving requests for Asian Champions League's accreditation #AlHilal 
if theres planes of white people who evacuated china ,,,arent they the people more likely to b carriers than idk asian people who havent been to china this year ? keep that in mind the next time u make a racist asian remark
JESSICA - SHINE #1 Wattpad #1 AO3 #1 Asian Fanfics #1 FanFiction Net #1 Social Spirit (Certified All-Kill)
Not trying to play the victim card, but right now is a tough time to be Asian and have the symptoms of  cold
It is disappointing that these absurd claims don't get more pushback amongst Asian Americans who are (rightfully) concerned about how interpersonal racism will impact them. But these claims, too, serve a racist agenda by distorting a tragedy to fuel geopolitical Sinophobia
We call on #fifa and the Asian #football federation to stop organized and blatant #racism against the Turks in the Iranian Premier League. #fifa_hear_our_voice #SayNoToRacism #StopRacism
literally happened to me today but this asian woman made a crying face and said Kobe Bryant ?  …
What’s going on in China and why are everybody being 10x more xenophobic towards Asian folks....
As someone who isn't a vegetarian, and thinks plain cauliflower is a bit 'meh', I can confirm these Asian Style Cauliflower Wings are flippin' delicious! The best way to make cauliflower taste good!!  … #vegetarian #gameday #cauliflower #partyfood
Older Asian woman just dropped some wisdom: “Cute puppy. Better than a boyfriend.” The universe speaks if you listen.
ima start coughing on my non Asian friends to scare em  …
Lufthansa's decision to cancel all flights to China follows similar moves by American Airlines, British Airways, and several Asian carriers.  …
I got mistaken for an Asian here in Mexico. When the big rude white man learnt I’m from the Arctic, he made some very racist remarks, he even called us Inuit “savages”. My sweet aunt replied “We are beautiful Indigenous people and we are kind” #Igavehimthefinger
I am so disgusted PLEASE don’t be a racist dick to asian people 
Seeing videos going around of Asian people apparently eating weird shit and it's so dumb. Even if Chinese people are eating this weird shit, like 3 people eating dumb shit doesn't make it a widespread cultural thing. I once watched a guy eat grass. That dude literally ate
My Asian bitch came in my mouth call that sippin on corona
Our joint statement. We should support sound public health policies. We don't need fear and panic. Policies must ensure public health while ensuring we dont harm  with harmful stereotypes #coronaravirus 
hi, i’ve seen a large amount of asian racism on the internet lately due to the new coronavirus outbreak. just want to remind y’all what color people came to the states and killed indigenous people with disease and to wash your hands frequently!
asian moms w asian moms w their sons their daughters  …
The scale of this is absolutely ridiculous. I think all right and left wingers media engaged into this stupid news and now every Pole knows about the ranking and Asian dude winning over Fun fact, Tianfun chain tea restaurants offer 20% discount for the Jungkook-But-Not pic LMFAO 
Good morning to Asian and Latina women only
We are pleased to share the news that the Global Think Tank Index, University of Pennsylvania has listed Centre for South Asian Studies (CSAS), Kathmandu and the Consortium of South Asian Think-Tanks (COSATT) as top think tanks in Asia Pacific region. 
The PTM in Pakistan: Another Bangladesh in the making? | The Asian Age Online, Bangladesh  …
#India: is slowly gaining to be top exporter (~ 4 MT) of 'frozen potato snacks' like fries, patties, etc. to #Asian economies  with #US & #Europe. This turnaround occurred in < 5 years with #Gujarat as leader having large manufacturers & processing facilities.
If you’d told this kid she’d run for office one day, she wouldn’t have believed you. I’d never seen an Asian-American legislator before. It felt like it was not for us. Representation is important. Democracy is for everyone. Help my campaign succeed:  
Dispatch: Bomb threat at Western Brown Line station. Thin Asian male with mismatched shoes placed  bag in the station and now he's walking around saying he's going to blow everyone up. #ChicagoScanner #Chicago
THREAD: As misinformation about #coronavirus spreads, racism targeted at Chinese/Asian peoples spreads too. We should remember Canada/BC/Victoria has a long, well documented history of using public health to segregate, denigrate, & economically sanction these & other groups. /1
asian armys: please release the Asian tour dates we want to see them too!! bighit: 
hey @pepsi do you want to win the war against @CocaCola in all asian markets? then hire @official_izone as your brand model and you will  the superior brand while making a lot of money doing it
His Royal Highness Prince Faisal Bin Bandar Bin Abdulaziz, Governor of Riyadh Region, has received #AlHilal the Champion of Asian Champions League 2019 
I could probably make good money selling counterfeit "Wuhan Hospital" patient registration wrist bands on Etsy to Asian girls so dudes don't hassle us
As the first coronavirus cases in Canada are identified — including two confirmed cases in Toronto —  are being targeted by racist attacks and fear-mongering, writes Evelyn Kwong. 
News of coronavirus cases have exposed latent Anti-Asian racism in Toronto & Canada more broadly. We don’t often talk about this because there is a general perception of Asian immigrants as a “model minority”. Time to put that idea to rest. #coronaravirus #Toronto
Check out the voter coalition Bernie Sanders has built in California, America's largest and most diverse state: Black voters: 31% (1st) Latino: 38% (1st) Asian: 24% (1st) No college: 35% (1st) Some college: 30% (1st) Under $60k  34% (1st) Under $100k  31% (1st)
Andrew Yang: the crazy, smart Asian - running for president in 2020. This is a remarkable interview.  …
NOVELISTS WRITING ABOUT GROWING UP ASIAN AMERICAN: My identity is torn between ancient tradition and this new land, I am heartbroken I don't speak the language of my motherland perfectly. Sacrifice! ACTUAL ASIAN AMERICAN CHILDHOOD: I was born in the USA. Let's go to McD's.  …
First Indian Captain To Win a Odi Series in SA First Indian Captain To Win a T20I Series in Eng First Asian Captain To Win a Test Series in Aus First Indian Captain To Win a Bilateral Odi Series in Aus First Indian Captain To Win a T20I Series in New Zealand 
my asian ass thought this was a miniature fridge filled with rice  …
Canada has identified three cases of the new coronavirus so far, but there are fears that a more serious outbreak could stoke anti-Asian sentiment in scenes reminiscent of the SARS epidemic that killed dozens in the Toronto area  
India used to have “Asiatic cheetahs”, but all discussions so far have been around the “ #cheetah” part. Some thoughts on the “Asian” part/1:  …
The city government of the Island Garden City of Samal (IGACOS) in Davao del Norte has declared the island as off-limits not only to Chinese tourists but also to visitors from other Asian countries as well. | via Edith Regalado 
Western individualism meeting mindfulness & meditation has been one of the most grotesque examples of cultural appropriation & white-washing for me, especially as a South Asian man. The idea of practising ‘mindfulness’ for only ones own professional & personal growth is perverse.
More. Asian-American. Representation. That’s it. That’s the tweet.
NEW EPISODE! @AndrewYang: the crazy, smart Asian - running for president in 2020 LISTEN here >>  Make sure to subscribe! #remarkablepeople 
We finally visited #WhipsnadeZoo on Monday to see the Black-throated Thrush (Turdis atrogularis) which is a migratory Asian species and has been there since Dec 11th, when we arrived it was light rain, but gradually got a lot heavier , it was showing and feeding really well. 
Asian Parents dont know about this  …
these *PROSTITUTE POLITICIANS have been in U.S. gov’t 20-30+ years & HAVE NOT KEPT any of their campaign promises or improved ANYTHING FOR POOR Democrats whether they be black Hispanic or Asian… They have ACCOMPLISHED NOTHING Except for... *Making THEIR FAMILIES RICH 
asian twitter can u go a day without being problematic pls
#Starling (Sturnus Vulgarus) The name  from the Latin word for starling, sturnus. Many Asian species, particularly the larger ones, are called mynas, and many African species are known as glossy starlings because of their iridescent plumage. 
First Ever Asian Captain to Win a Test Series in Australia First Ever Indian Captain to Win a ODIs Series in South Africa First Ever Indian Captain To Win a T20i Series in England First Ever Indian Captain To Win a T20i Series in New Zealand @imVkohli 
The interesting thing is that Nigerians are running away from that chaos when they have more fundamental understanding of it. There is an Asian fund that tries to talk to me regularly about their moves, I told them to formalize it. Don’t be getting consulting by stealth.
David Schwimmer: there should be an all black or all Asian reboot of friends... Black people: 
I think the book that has given me the greatest clarity about Nigeria was Prosperity Paradox. I was at a meeting with a major Asian family in Nigeria that started one of  they wrote about and realized that cleaning things up  from knowing how to invest.
*SOUTHEAST ASIAN TOUR!!!* BIGHIT: bitch you thought  …
MY PERSONALISED/CUSTOM FILTER IS LIVE ON @facebook NOW TRY IT OUT NOW Thank you so much FACEBOOK “FIRST ASIAN ACTRESS TO HAVE HER OWN INSTAGRAM FILTER” Super honoured & grateful thanks a billion @instagram for choosing me & having my own custom 
Faced with the #coronavirus, US citizens in Wuhan are being evacuated to California (via a quick stop in Anchorage). Japanese citizens to Tokyo. Australians citizens, and yes, many with Asian faces? 14 days on Christmas Island. Who the hell thought this was a good idea?  …
Asian Captains to win a T20I series In NZ Sarfaraz (2018) Kohli (2020)* #NZvIND
Papua New Guinea announces it will not accept flights from any "Asian ports" and will close it's border with West Papua tomorrow to halt spread of the Wuhan coronavirus 
me @fellow asian atinys knowing we will never get to see ateez live 
Asian Cricket Council will hold a meeting in third week of Feb where an important discussion will be made regarding AsiaCup 2020. PCB will put forward its preparations and security plans regarding AC2020. Meanwhile Dhaka is expected to host matches of India as a neutral venue.
my asian atiny ass watching my whole tl popping off with their  fansign tweets 
This will make Bala the first Indian woman to  a professional footballer anywhere in the world and she also  Rangers’ first Asian international footballer. Learn More:  
It will be great to one day have a female or gay or Asian president. I hope a good  along soon. In the meantime we have this smart, kind, empathetic Jewish man who wants to save us. #PresidentSanders
Air India spokesperson: Air India has advised all its cockpit and cabin crew, who travel to South East Asian cities, to wear N95 masks in the light of #Coronovirus outbreak. 
Forging consensus in the #SouthChinaSea By backing each other’s claims, a united Southeast Asian front would be difficult for Beijing to divide and conquer United we win, divided, Beijing wins  …
BCCI is yet to officially notify PCB regarding their decision of not playing AsiaCup 2020 in Pakistan. As soon as notification  PCB will then take issue in Asian Cricket Council (ACC) with an option of holding AC2020 in Pakistan along with another neutral venue #cricket
York based street food business @street_cleaver is opening a new restaurant on Hull’s Princes Av called Social Distortion. They specialise in various cuisines depending on the venue - burgers @brewyorkbeer & Asian fusion food elsewhere. They’ve not announced the Hull menu yet. 
* Priyanka is unemployed. * She(most followed Asian) posts Jobros for clout. * Petition to Unicef to remove her as their ambassador. * PC needs to stop embarrassing India. * She needs to stop showing her boobs. *Why is she copying Hollywood celebrities? Also Priyanka: 
PNG Melarang Pengunjung dri beberapa negara asia masuk ke wilayahnya.. The Immigration Minister " all air and sea ports will turn away travellers from "Asian ports" because of the spread of the coronavirus" PNG: Government steps up coronavirus response  …
Yesterday FCCPC inspected Panda Supermarket; Jabi on credible reports that it discriminated&had a concealed area for Asian nationals. Allegation confirmed, seafood & animals imported illegally from China discovered. Store closed in abundance of caution considering Coronavirus. 
Another masterpiece from Red, #BlockZ joins the rank of Asian films w/ artistic touch. Not too much but narrated in a perfect pace. Better experience in cinema so dont wait online. I have few questions but all worth ur time/money. DO NOT MISS the last frame! VLOG REVIEW TONIGHT. 
sj the only asian in that picture and his stare caught people attention > next guest wondering who he is > oh he is bts member that graduated from konkuk > oh he must be a great actor > the guest tell this to movie producer > they contact jin > actor jin
lmao u bold to assume asian people wanna be around u in the first place
A hit at the @bibendumwine tasting yesterday. A Pinot with fruit intensity but plenty of elegance  Red berries, Asian spices; the palate is well balanced, fine-grained texture & delicious fruit – black cherry, raspberry, cardamom, liquorice; and a hit of blood orange 
ive never seen so many asian mutuals fighting against racism and im fucking here for it
i dont wanna see English people making jokes about what asian people eat causing the Coronavirus, while yall eating this kinda shit ... 
Badminton Player Saina Nehwal joins BJP! Before Liberals & Seculars call her a FAILED sportswoman, Know that she won: * Bronze in Olympic Games * 2 Gold in Commonwealth Games * Bronze in Asian Games * 3 Bronze in Asian Championships And she's a patriot too!
Matthew Shepard wasn't black... or female... or Latino... or Hispanic... or Asian... etc. He was a young white gay man who was brutally beaten, tied to a fence, and left to die in the middle of nowhere... because he was gay! "Gay white male privilege" isn't a thing...
the west responding to corona virus: *senseless anti-asian racism nd abjection* muslim aunties responding to corona virus: *sharing whatsapp infographics on how to ask Allah to spare ur home of leprosy*
Please do not use Coronavirus to be hostile and nasty towards Chinese/East Asian people. The racism is NOT CUTE
#Logistics startup @SendyMobile raises $20 million as Asian #investors tighten up their presence in #Africa. Well done also to my good man @MikeMompi @EnzaCapital Check out @Briter_bridges’ logistics report at  
No hate for anybody Asian. But any human spreading disease for the sake of going out is as sick as anybody with aids not letting their partner know they have it.
Coronavirus stokes Asian discrimination fears in Canada's biggest city  
This is fucking racist as fuck Asian people can’t eat shit without Westerners saying “this is why....” stfu . The United States meat industry is filled with literal poop, disease, hormones, puss and y’all ain’t talk about that ?  …
and i really can’t believe i have to say this but some of you are too ignorant if left unchecked: do not use this disease as an excuse to justify your racist microaggressive words/actions against asian people, whether those you don’t know or those closest in your circle
She wrote the tweet and is clearly asian. Can u not see properly?
Papua New Guinea bans travelers from all 'Asian ports' amid nCoV threat 
China flexes oil refining muscle, upping pain for Asian rivals  
The genetic divergence between Asian and African cheetahs is short enough (30-70k) years that it makes sense to just bring African cheetahs to India. As @sanjeevsanyal points out: the lion is not really found in Harappan art and may well be a recent (<4k) year entrant to  …
"there are hot asian singles in your area" 
Apparently there’s no age cap on the token Asian position on this particular program  …
Asian Cricket Council(ACC) Sources: ACC will have a meeting sometime in February to discuss issues related to the hosting of the Asia Cup this year. This year Pakistan is the host so it is Pakistan's call if they want to host the tournament or not. 
We really just let Ryan Murphy name the only two Asian characters on Glee Tina and Mike CHANG and they dated wtf
making fun of yourself is fine but making fun of everyone even after people tell you it's  is bad (especially if the one telling the joke is not Asian)
Not enough asian representation in the chaotic 
Hah! I get it. Cause asian
So far, Simu Liu is the only Asian entertainer to speak up. Kudos.  …
We failed our teachers. nCoV free din po ung ibang countries like Myanmar, Indonesia, India and others na Asian country din. 
I feel bad for any Asian folks who are just sick right now.
While Asian Americans on average may be economically well off, there are many Asians who live in poverty in the United States too. We also have very little representation in the media and in government, rendering us speechless and powerless when  to defending our rights.
How is it possible that white Liberals all have that a friend from each individual “race”?! Based on the conversations I have with liberals, every white liberal is living the life of Captain Planet! They have the one Asian, Hispanic, native American, and black friend! 
"It outlined harrowing abuse suffered by children as young as 12 at the hands of a network of up to 97 Asian men based around Rusholme, who would pick them up from homes ‘in plain sight’ before abusing them in houses & above restaurants on the Curry Mile."  …
I know Asians who have been physically harassed these past couple of days, for simply coughing or for just existing as Asian in a public space. If a virus broke out in a Western country or a country allied with the West there would not be this response.  …
This is incredible: @DaveChappelle in Iowa for @AndrewYang. 1st, a friend mentioned liking "the Chinese guy." Then he met Yang & found him "inspiring" for "his narrative & the courage that it took him to be the first Asian-American to make a real go at a presidential race."  …
I was on the bus and this Asian couple came to sit down. Two white people got up and sat further away. I could see the distress in their eyes so I gave them a smile. Same thing happened to me during the Sydney terrorist attack where white people sat away from me. It really hurts-
Oh you like asian boys? Name one that loves you more than his car
Just reminding you that the coronavirus doesn’t give you an excuse to be a dick to Asian people.
Asian makeup 
This is dedicated to all the “prominent” Asian SJWs who are critical of Yang’s Asian jokes but nowhere to be seen during the #YangMediaBlackout . #YangGang #YangSurge #youthforyang #AmericaNeedsYang  …
seeing my asians followers trying to educate ignorants on how assuming someone is Chinese just because they’re asian is somehow racist and them not wanting to understand reminds me of when we want non-black people to stop saying the n-word ... 
so basically, what I’m getting from all the responses to my tweet last night is that if IX had focused more on reylo, ben’s atonement, and let him live at the end, it’s very possible that this film would’ve been the star war to finally break into the asian markets
some of y’all bout to be real mad at me but a lot of y’all are using corona virus as a way/excuse to be anti asian and it’s really gross!!!!
Yall’s tweets insinuating that Asian cuisine is the reason why we have the coronavirus are fully racist. period, that’s it. Cut it the fuck out.
NOVELISTS WRITING ABOUT GROWING UP ASIAN-AMERICAN: I have to get home and study or my immigrant parents will be very disappointed in me for not properly honoring their sacrifice MY ACTUAL CHILDHOOD: sometimes stereotypes exist for a reason  …
at least dakota johnson didn’t play an asian character in a movie
Sobrang photogenic ni Ken noh? He looks like a Filipino prince. Or a Southeast Asian fashion model. That cheekbones, that moreno skin, that nose, that crooked teeth, that body proportions. UGH. #MORHot10 Alab by SB19 @SB19Official  …
You mean like when y'all made an all-white cast of Living Single and called it..... Friends.!!! And why is Asian capitalized and Black isn't  …
Dow futures rallying on news of Asian markets collapsing, nobody leaving their house in Hubei province and confirmation that coronavirus can be spread person to person
Yes I am starring in the all Asian Friends and my character is named ASIAN RACHEL
You see it also says western Asian , which could be Arabic , but people only wanna capitalize on black culture
some of y’all are using the coronavirus as an outlet to display your racism against asian culture & it’s sad actually
Joon once said that there going to be 'asian tour' so if you an asian army can you rt to this let's be friends or concert buddies soon!!
asian rachel and monica  
Asian women wya? Not Filipinos tho, y’all toxic.
yeah i tried turning a new leaf and joining a gym but i just seen an elderly butt naked asian man in the changeroom using the hair dryer to blow his balls so im done here
OH MY GOD BYLETH IS OUT I SEE PPL GETTING HIM BUT IM STUCK IN A 3 HOUR LECTURE AND I THINK I HEARD THE SAME ASIAN DUDE SNEEZE 3 TIMES ALREADY, GET ME THE FUCK OUTTA HERE
Every hospital should issue one to help at the very least dispel the disinformation circulating. Asian Hospital has done this as well, good job @UST1611official  …
"We’re mobilizing national actions with South Asian American grassroots groups across the US to uplift the demand that these networks immediately cease their support and divest from the spread of Hindu fascism." Read @americanbazaar @EqualityLabs  …
So, do we not know that West Asian and Northern African means Arab?
"What it's like to never ever see yourself on TV." Author Charles Yu on growing up Asian in America 
And I am sure you would say that Black pride parades, Asian, Amerindian, Hindu, and Moslem parades are important --- but would condemn as the most immoral act a pride parade by the people who created Canada: Euro-Canadians.  …
unrelatable to me, an asian with no friends  …
Asian LNG prices are at A$5.40/GJ Meanwhile in Aus, where we actually produce it, prices are up to A$6.60/GJ Over 20% more yet the  save on shipping & Liquefaction costs!  …
That video of that Asian lady eating that wee wee is nasty as fuck.
Steve Sailer, pounding table: “Asian IQ scores are so much higher- it MUST be genetic” 
idk wtf happened, I used to be a smart, independent woman who had her ish together ... now my world, mind and social life revolves around seven asian men who don’t even know I exist yet I’m willing to take a bullet for them 
Lt. Colonel Ellison Onizuka expanded our frontiers in space and science. As the first Asian American and first American of Japanese ancestry to travel into space, Ellison was a trailblazer. As time has passed since the Challenger tragedy, Ellison's legacy continues to live on.  …
Ultimately, Schwimmer seems aware that the show lives in a specific context. And I would be 100% for NBC/"The Peacock" getting behind a new show called "Friends" with a cast of all black actors, or Asian actors, or (gasp!) Latinx actors! I would love to see that kind of support!
He was aware of how white the show was, and in whatever he did as one of the main cast, it led to his character seriously dating an Asian woman, and then later a black woman. Still not incredibly diverse, I know. But if he didn't, the show would have been even 5% whiter.
TXT is nominated for the Global Artist of the Year It's only available in some asian countries so DM us if you want to donate accounts and we'll vote for you.  Watch ads for more votes #TOMORROW_X_TOGETHER @TXT_members
Asian longhorn beetle is a #plant #pest of serious concern. Canada is about to be declared free from it but beetles could be introduced again anytime. Learn to recognize signs of presence and report any suspect #tree! #IYPH2020 #planthealth  …
Western Asian and North African refers to people like Iranians, Syrians, Israelis, etc in the case of West Asia and Morocco, Egypt, Algeria, Tunisia, etc in the case of North Africa. That is not Sub Saharan (black) ancestry. I’m a fan of yours but you should know that.
It never ends! "I campaigned for years to have Ross date women of color. One of the first girlfriends I had on the show was an Asian American woman, and later I dated African American women. That was a very conscious push on my part."
This is basically the majority of Asian American lit. Here are a few Great (Asian) American Immigrant Novels: Carlos Bulosan, AMERICA IS IN THE HEART Elaine Castillo, AMERICA IS NOT THE HEART Fae Myenne Ng, BONE John Okada, NO NO BOY Maxine Hong Kingston, THE WOMAN WARRIOR  …
When Mr. Yang got hit with criticism from “a group of people who are convinced that there’s this conspiracy that only effeminate Asian men get elevated,” he simply thought to himself, “Hoes mad, hoes mad, hoes mad.” via @nytimes  …
This is a white woman next to an asian transman??? What do you mean he has a type?  …
i’m down for an all asian version set in the bay area. can i help as an asian am cultural consultant  …
I have no clue why Asian men are considered ugly when guys like this dude and I exist  …
I say this again in light of the Anna may wong casting that’s about to happen, stop making scar jo Asian jokes. They’re not funny anymore.
India’s crude steel production went up to 111.2 million tonne (mt) in 2019, showing a 1.8 per cent rise over 2018, as Asian steel producers emerged as key drivers behind a 3.4 per cent surge in global crude steel output  …
I want to invest in a shop that sides more with Muslims & sells produce by  says Taufan to Nikkei Asian Review. Growing movement in world's most populous Muslim-majority nation to  with Shariah & enhance Muslims' wealth.  …
tw racism / i thought this time ppl are getting cancelled for a reach but this is just plain disgusting. im asian myself so knowing people who think jokes like this are ok are in the  as me frankly makes me wanna barf. cancel that honeygrazers bitch get it over with 
i wanna start an asian appreciation thread because asian beauty truly deserves to be cherished more!! so pls drop pictures/videos of yourself in the replies <3 
havin an asian gf be cool till she start coughing on u
Why is every reply to this tweet about Asian grooming gangs when the majority of rapes carried out in this country are by white men? Either you care about rape or you don’t but don’t use an already incredibly sensitive topic to push a racist agenda  …
IMPETIGORE - A timely doc about global warming. Just kidding - this Indonesian horror film is chalk full of machete wielding villagers, skinless babies and deadly curses. Asian horror films rule. 
going to an asian store as a kid meant aggressively slapping the bags of rice and atta so that they'd leave an imprint of your hand for no reason whatsoever
Wow, Asian LNG prices are at a decade low of US$4/mmbtu as Australia and the US flood the market, crushing prices and profits. Australia's second largest  smashed! Great energy policy  …
yes yes it's all fun n games with "east asian proximity to whiteness" until there's an emergency and then we're rat-eating mongrels again
“There are hot Asian girls waiting in your area” 
Good afternoon little pups and sluts ! Relapse to your Asian goddess, because I know you can't resist . Give me everything and $end. { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme femdom brat pig } 
Snicker when you see an Asian person wearing a face mask? Check your racism at the door. @ianjamesyoung70 says many are still haunted by the deadly SARS outbreak. He was living in Hong Kong at the time and he joins me today at 2 on @CKNW
And mfs kept making fun of Haitians and saying we eat cat. When Asian people literally eat every damn animal and insect. I know y’all seen the bat in a soup video  …
WHITE PEOPLE SAY RACIST COMMENTS ABOUT ASIAN PPL AS IF WHITE MOMS DIDNT BRING BACK MEASLES
The first Asian Coochie I’ll eat I’ll use chopsticks
When my k boy smile asian boys are Angels 
Matrix 4 with keanu reeves Citadel with Richard madden and Russo brothers White Tiger with Rahmin and Raj A  with Mindy Kailing with all south Asian cast I MEAN WHO IS DOING IT LIKE HER? 2020 SAID QUEEN STEP ON OUR NECK #PRIYANKACHOPRA 
Ok, I couldn’t resist the #dollypartonchallenge! These  from our Stuart Cary Welch Islamic and South Asian Photograph Collection (IDs in the thread) 
since the spread of the coronavirus it’s been evident that a lot of non asian people are using it as an excuse to be racist and xenophobic. it’s times like these where you see who people really are inside. shame on you all
Among the south asian countries, I like Sri Lankan and Bhutanese flag the best. Both are सगुण flag, have visible character, and are proud bearers of their country's sacred traditions, as any flag should be. 
everyones heard of subtle asian traits... well with coronavirus going around... get ready for subtle asian racism nationwide!!
 section under this post in IG is a mess.......people calling her chinese and joking about her asian eyes and also calling her "lingling" and all of  got a few thousand likes.......
I had a white roommate in college try to tell me I was cooking rice wrong because I washed my rice before cooking and I had to be like.... I’m Asian I eat rice like every day????  …
MC Jin: Rapper, songwriter and actor who is the first Asian American solo rapper to be signed to a major record label in the United States. 
Simu Liu: Actor, writer, stuntman, and filmmaker. Simu will portray the superhero Shang-Chi in the Marvel Cinematic Universe film Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021). He is set to  the first Asian actor to lead a Marvel Studios film. 
Today @OliviaBowden__ and I tackled the racism  especially Chinese Canadians, are facing post coronavirus in Canada. One expert quote really stuck out to me - we learned nothing from SARS  …
Canvassed Asian immigrants in Iowa for Bernie last 3 days, lot of success, but never gonna get over seeing people’s face light up to talk about healthcare & debt free college & then shift to staring at the floor & day they  to caucusing bc they fear missing work.
United Airlines is suspending several flights amid growing concern about the spread of the coronavirus that originated in the Asian nation.  …
happy lunar new year from this proud jungle asian 
WANT TO EAT HEALTHIER? This Fresno woman cooks and delivers flavorful plant-based meals that include salads, wraps, bowls, sandwiches, pasta, and even Asian-style dishes — straight from her kitchen! Full story:  
if you see someone making racist gestures or saying racist things call them out. this behavior has to stop. especially since this was filmed in an ASIAN country in which the racist woman was  at and presumably vacationing at. it’s 2020 and people should not
If you’re considering telling an Asian woman that what happened to Fennec Shand in The Mandalorian is fine because you’re so sure  back, don’t.
Asian dudes after they infect you with CoronaVirus  …
"Wilbur Ross, the  secretary, considered a trip to #China next month but US officials decided against it as the Asian nation grapples with the #coronavirus outbreak, according to people familiar with the 
Hi! I'm working on a story about what Kobe Bryant has meant for the Southern California/LA's Asian American/Pacific  Looking for those, from the first-generation to second/third-generation, who can share their Kobe memories. My e-mail: 
I just learned the Asian giant softshell turtle exists. For the record, this is always how I’m feeling: 
if publishing paid me more money i would simply split my salary with one of the many other asian girls i have been confused for in this industry so we each only go into the office half the week and none of our white coworkers would notice
"Israel...an imperialist base & tool used for aggressive purposes against Arab states in order to delay their progress towards unity & socialism, & a bridgehead which neo-colonialism relies on in order to maintain its influence over African & Asian states"  …
there’s no safer time to be an asian girl guys, a guy was following me home yesterday and i started coughing and told him i was headed to the hospital...it didn’t work but at least we still have that option
@CAsianPT has officially launched! We are a co-produced initiative to support Asian Psychological Therapists. Minutes of the meeting, surveys and doodle polls  Thanks everyone for making it a big success - we are so excited to keep moving onwards and upwards! 
Like finding a needle in a haystack! Our CBP Agriculture Specialists in PEV have trained eyes for the smallest of threats on the largest of vessels. That small speck of brown dust is actually an Asian Gypsy Moth egg mass which could have devastating consequences for our forests.  – at Port Everglades Terminal-Offices
4/4 There're pros & cons to that, too. This is something my father told me early in my career: There's a perception from *some* Koreans that it's more prestigious to be covered by western reporters w/obviously western names, than ethnic journalists w/an Asian names. 끝
 to all my new followers! I usually tweet about politics, being an exhausted dad, my cute but exhausting babies, South Asian food, Bay Area sports teams (Go 49ers), my failed attempts to lose 10 pounds, pop culture I want to see and read but can't and economic anxiety.
Here’s your dad using an Asian accent. Super presidential and quite unifying  
Asian women canceled all 2020 until we figure this shit out
If your Chinese or Asian or even if you got squinted eyes pls stay tf away from me
good night i’m hoping for asian tour dates too :) 
That "bat soup" video that Daily Mail and many others promoted wasn't even from China. It was a woman with a travel show. Just someone with an Asian face doing like Anthony Bourdain / Bear Grylls stuff in Palau, but obviously none of that mattered
Típica Jalisquilla my family is from Los Altos de Jalisco, and lol they rather to do INCEST than being brown, black or asian, that's why most of he people of that area are pale white with blue eyes, cause they marry their cousins and shit, Mexican rednecks
The Feyenoord Stadium is the 2nd largest stadium in Netherlands. @BTS_twt will be the first Asian Act to have a stadium show in Netherlands.
Those Asian face mask wearers? They aren’t crazy or stupid, Vancouver #coronavirus #hongcouver  … via @scmpnews
I’m getting tired of ppl attributing coronavirus to Asian ppl eating “weird shit..” And it’s  from the “I love menudo for la cruda” and “Quiero unos tacos de tripa” Twitter. Asian food is only weird to you because you didn’t grow up with it so grow tf up
⁦ @donlemon⁩ This “illiterate” Trump supporter will be voting for POTUS again. See you at the polls -“The Asian MBA” CNN Don Lemon panel faces intense backlash for mocking Trump supporters as illiterate 'credulous rubes' | Fox News  …
Peoples Choice Award (female) of The Year 2019: Sana Mir In 2018 @mir_sana05 became the first & only Pakistani bowler to reach number 1 in the ODI bowling rankings She also led Pakistan to 2 gold medals at the Asian games 2010 & 2014 She remains a role model for many! 
y’all are actually very racist towards asian people  …
The Central Asian countries and Afghanistan signed a joint declaration on climate and security at the #GreenCAC2020. Germany will help its partners to work even more closely together on glacier protection, biodiversity and better land 
The noodles soak up this soy, ginger and chilli dressing to make a delicious salad base for the crunchy sugar snaps peas and flavour packed prawns. I adore Asian flavoured noodle salads in Summer with fresh crunchy bits and loads of salty-sweet soy sauce…  
￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣ | The corona virus outbreak| | Doesn’t give you | | An excuse to be openly | | racist to Asian people | |＿＿＿＿____________________ | (\__/) || (•ㅅ•) || / づ
Hire black creators not just when it's February. Hire South Asian creators for not just food stories. Hire disabled creators for not just stories with wheelchairs. Effort must be made to show folks that you're not just seeking them out to AVOID TROUBLE.
I'd like to consolidate all my spam emails. Like just get one that's a Groupon for Asian Single Elderly Beauties in My Area Who Can Save Me Money on My Insurance and Offer Home Skin Tag Removal
It is an honor to co-chair the @WhiteHouseAAPI Initiative with you @SecElaineChao. This initiative will positively impact the lives of the fastest growing minority population in America. Since the President was elected, more Asian Americans are working than ever before.  …
I am actually convinced at this point Hollywood is all out of ideas. European and Asian cinema is chock full of fresh ideas so why does Hollywood feel so creatively inept? Noone is asking for this. Literally noone.  …
There will be at least one Asian team in the U19 World Cup Final. India have qualified for the Semi Final which will be against Afghanistan or Pakistan. #U19CWC #FutureStars
recent college grads! or professors! if you took/taught an intro to Asian American studies class or one that was basically "Asian Americans in Media" in the past 5 years, could you share your syllabus with me?
This is unacceptable. Im so tired of people saying that asians look the same and assuming ur Chinese just cuz ure an asian.PLEASE APOLOGIZE TO THE BOYS.THEY DO NOT DESERVE THIS KIND OF TREATMENT.POLISH ARMYs u nice keep going 
The little pier in the pond, in the Asian Garden section of the #RotaryBotanicalGardens in #JanesvilleWisconsin (7-03-2011) #CanonFanPhoto #CanonFavPic #photography #NaturePhotography #ThePhotoHour 
The only Asian in the village LOOK AT ME THOUGH If this gets 1k likes I’ll post the video before I got to this point 
how embarrassing,, grown ass adults pressed because an asian won most handsome man they hate to see it #dziendobrytvnisoverparty 
Last year, Asian Dragon magazine asked my hubby Alan to write a speculative story answering the question, “could things be possibly worse than they already are under this government?” He decided to...write a political sci fi thriller about a virus....  
Just bc it was originated in China doesn’t mean that 1- All Asian people you meet is Chinese 2- All Asian people you meet is infected Assuming the opposite is racist.  …
People worried that I have coronavirus because I’m Asian what they should be worried about is I ate someone’s ass last night didn’t wash my face and then when the subway made a hard stop just now my face mushed into your shoulder
ok what we NOT finna do is start acting like all Chinese or Asian ppl carry viruses or diseases. this isn’t ur time to be racist again lmao just cover your mouth when you cough and move on with your day thx.
In 2020, it is remarkable how many academics of color are still the 1st or 2nd at their school. When I made full professor in 2017, a librarian told me I was the first Asian American woman to hold that rank at the University of Denver School of Law, founded 1892. Anyone else?  …
We continue to vote Jungkook in Starmometer at "100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020" vote by like  Link:  #Jungkook #JeonJungKook #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク 
Hi! Thank you so much for publish this. As an ARMY, i am thankful for noticed this. This was really unrespectful and racism, not only towards J*K and H0bl but too all asian people. This things MUST stop! We can't tolerate this anymore!! #dziendobrytvnisoverparty
good thing he deleted the thread but that journalist saying yashafluff getting her thigh signed by yoko taro was somehow predatory was such a good example of how white men infantilize asian women she is literally in her 30s and he kept calling her a “young fan”
"What it's like to never ever see yourself on TV." Author Charles Yu on growing up Asian in America 
If it’s a real show, on a real network, and a decent to good role, and all of a sudden, there’s an Asian on screen, my kids will sit up and take notice. And that’s something I notice. via @TIME @charles_yu  …
Hiroshi Teshigahara, the first person of Asian descent nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director, for his 1964 adaptation of the Kōbō Abe novel Woman in the Dunes #BOTD in 
Omg, why is anyone talking about this? They are very intolerant because their asian  them to women becausest earings? Are they serious? This should be viral #dziendobrytvnisoverparty
Most Test series wins in South Africa against South Africa. #Cricket 12 - England 10 - Australia 1 - Sri Lanka Only 3 Test nations have won Test series in South Africa against South Africa. Sri Lanka only Asian Test team. (Tests played in SA since 12th March 1889)
Looking forward to hosting @spare_tyre this afternoon to discuss research into creative ageing in South  - a long version and a handy short version of the report here:  … @AgeofCreativity @McrMuseum @createdhub @DementiaUK @ArtsPro
Avvy Go felt a tickle in her throat on the subway ride to work, but willed herself to suppress the cough. She feared coughing on public transit as a Chinese woman might make her a pariah as it did for so many other Asian-Canadians during the SARS outbreak.  …
Attention, moots! Please vote #TOMORROW_X_TOGETHER on the 2020 GLOBAL TOP TEN AWARDS! There will be separate respective voting for 10 Asian countries! For non-Asian MOAs, you can use VPN to help in voting! @TXT_members @TXT_bighit link:  
" Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen cited freedom of speech in Danish society as she reacted for the first time to demands by the Chinese Embassy in Denmark for an apology over a satirical drawing of the Asian country’s flag. "  …
CLAIM: Chinese patient in Alabang clinic, hospital tested ‘positive’ for coronavirus #FactCheck: FALSE. The patient at Asian Hospital and Medical Center in Alabang is among the 24 persons under investigation for the possible 2019 nCoV infection.  …
Of course, man. Ask about that to australian aborigins, NZ maoris, North America natives, asian indians, South Africa natives... What happened will surprise you.  …
1) Hello everyone! Due to the latest news related to the Coronavirus in China, we will not be playing for the OneThree team and Asian playoffs in China to pursue further to Minor. Having said that, we'd like to announce that Dosia and I are free once again!
Tremendous display of resilience from Melbourne Victory to defeat Kashima Antlers and qualify for the Asian Champions League. #ACL2020
Breaking news: the girl on asian twitter that previously wanted “a guy on deen with a hint of hood” has  out of the closet as a lesbian  …
“my ears are really itchy” that is such a big thing in asian culture — itching or ringing = being badmouthed  …
KAZAKHSTAN’S CAPITAL UNDER “STATE OF EMERGENCY” AS SEVERE WEEK-LONG WINTER STORM CONTINUES Highways ACROSS the Central Asian country have been closed due to drifts, as the lower-latitudes continue to refreeze in line with historically low solar activity.  …
im saying !! most of these people who hates and refuses understand jiang cheng's character are mostly non-asians who doesn't even know how is asian parenting and familial ties
What a beautiful gathering of migratory poets. Happy to have four poems from ROPE in To Gather Your Leaving: Asian Diaspora Poetry from America, Australia, UK & Europe, Ethos Books. Many faves & dear colleagues in this one, @maryjean_chan @luckyflowerhowe @BetaRish et 
We have white Jesus, asian Jesus, & black Jesus with the afro. Once a people personify an ideal which they aspire to live up to, there is a tendency for them to construct the image of that ideal in their own likeness, maybe in order to make it less abstract & more relatable. 
First of all, all asian are not chinese, second all chinese are not infected with the virus. Stop asking if we're dangerous if we cough while all the people around us are doing so. ~ thanks #JeNeSuisPasUnVirus
u ever look at an asian thats mostly on western fandom/western woke twitter and think wow how the hell r u so detached from ur own places reality and politics
A constructive meeting with @ONS - we made it clear that it is absolutely essential that Black and Asian Welsh people are counted in the census. ONS are looking at the evidence and testing different questions. We made this change in Gwynedd years ago - they must do the same.
#FACTCHECKPH: Communications Secretary Martin Andanar was wrong when, citing the Department of Finance, he claimed the Philippines has the strongest gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate among Southeast Asian nations. Full story:  
From the backstreets of suburban Bouaflé, Ivory Coast its  to this. In a few hours, Tchetche Kipre will play at the Seoul World Cup Stadium where Senegal beat France in 2002. Can he too beat the odds, star for Kedah & emerge as Southeast Asian football's latest superstar? 
People being racist to Asians should be banned from Asian stores and restaurants fr
not mentioning Kohendra is somehow disrespectful. dia lupa mungkin kalo dia adalah pemain ganda dan partnernya adalah Juara Olympic, World Champs, Asian Games, All England, World Cup, Asia Championships, SSF/WTF & puluhan gelar lainnya. (( I won this for the team) i mean...  …
It has been 53 years since a Malaysian team beat a South Korean side in Asian  Ibrahim Mydin scored the only goal as Selangor beat Tungsten Mining Co in the 2nd leg of the 1967 Asian Club Championship at Merdeka Std. Can Kedah do the same today? #ACLPO 
Where’s the line for “appropriation” drawn cause black celebrities stay wearing Asian garb and stuff from other cultures and get praised but let a non black celebrity do the same and the whole of angry twitter is up in arms.
Virus and infections are only funny when they happen in country’s where there are brown, black or Asian people. We see you.
Deadly Asian girls 
right as an asian i can firmly tell you right now that we absolutely do not kiss or make any physical contact with strangers. kelly really shouldn't have kissed him and had NO right to and make him feel  how hard is it to respect boundaries? 
That means they might start to consider other Asian languages like Vietnamese, Indonesian etc. For western languages, if English and Spanish are successful, they might branch out to Portuguese, French, German etc. All of these official numbers matter.
If you asian stay away rn it’s nun serious it’s jus serious damn near
The German Foreign Office  the Foreign Ministers of all Central Asian states for the Green Central Asia Conference! ⁦ @GermanyDiplo⁩ ⁦ @GERonEconomy⁩ ⁦ @GERClimatEnergy⁩ ⁦ @MFA_KZ⁩ ⁦ @MFA_Tajikistan⁩ ⁦⁦ 
Asian grooming gangs are reminder diversity doesnt work - Muslims think its normal to imprison educated female lawyer over 30 yrs & give her 148 lashings because she campaigned against hijab & we want this poisonous culture in UK? We fought hard & long for female emancipation
not an excuse for anti-chinese or anti-asian racism  …
I feel extremely emotional about this article. The first time South Africa has promoted local East Asian literature in recognition of the #LunarNewYear "Ming-Cheau Lin’s Yellow and Confused receives an honourable mention as a must-read." #yellowandconfused  …
never want to hear tht im pretty for an asian girl ever again i hate it here luv i didn’t ask 4 that  xoxo
LY: Tear has surpassed Her and is now the longest charting Asian Album in the BB World Albums chart. #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
India has always attached great importance to its neighbourhood. The theme of this year’s conference, “India’s ‘Neighbourhood First’ Policy: Regional Perceptions” is quite timely: RM at South Asian Conference
I've decided to join the Brexit Party. In order to use my high-profile platform in it as an Asian woman to subvert the system from within & bring the edifice of the far-right down.
200128 | GQ Thailand Facebook Updates GQ Thailand ฉบับ 'Asian Fever' พบกับปก หวังอี้ป๋อ (Wang Yibo) นิตยสาร #GQThailand ฉบับกุมภาพันธ์ วางแผงพรุ่งนี้! (29 มกราคม 2563) Photo: Oliverjune (Warmstudio) Editor: Anni Ma Stylist: Ray #หวังอี้ป๋อ #王一博 
>white men > @LilithLovett, a mixed-Asian transwoman 
A lot of folks like UBI but wish it was pushed by a white guy instead of an asian. White savior mentality in a nutshell.
u guys are really about to go to 143 this week when the corona virus is spreading like wildfire in the  LMFAO BITCH ME TOO
#AsimRiaz * 1 million fam on instagam ✓ * First to cross 6M on twitter trend ✓ * 24th sexiest Asian ✓ * 4th Tv personality ✓ * First elite club member ✓ * Lady love ✓ *  club task (2) ✓ * Most talked abt contestant #BB13 #KingAsim #JabAsiManshiMet @ColorsTV
Did the Daily Dot really just use a trans Asian woman as an example of "white men that are raging?"  
Lies! Talcum X, Nina, Sirota & you are egging you're supporters to harass the Democratic base, you should tell them to stop instead of encouraging cyber stalking & bullying. Yours is upper middle class goons attacking Black, Latinx, Asian & female Dems that elect the PreZ!  …
 every asian activist on twitter will jump out their seats to call out racism towards asians but avidly ignore other minorities struggles especially black ppl
A-Chinese-New-Year-Joke Catch @ronnychieng's Comedy Special: || Asian Comedian Destroys America || on @NetflixSA NOW 
Du Sinh Church is referred to as an ancient architectural structure located at Dalat City. The church not only has the modern beauty of the Western architecture, is but also elegant like the Asian architecture. Lion staircase leading up to Du Sinh Church built in 1955 
Inspiring to see photo of great Poet-Philosopher of the East, Allama Iqbal, among portraits of top world thinkers, including the eminent Lord Bertrand Russell, honoured prominently at Norway’s Peace Research Institute of Oslo; Dr Iqbal predicted rise of China/Asian resurgence 
Me around any Asian coughing too hard: 
This is the best thing I have seen all week. He first arrived Malaysia virtually unknown, played for 2nd tier MIFA, then became Liga Super's topscorer for PKNS FC last season & scored his first international goal for Liberia. To Kpah Sherman,  to the Asian Champions League 
What we mean when we say “Asian-Americans are not a monolith”:  inequality is rising fastest Among Asians. - Med. househld  varies from 100k (Indians) to $36k (Burmese) - Poverty rates as low as 35% (Burmese) & 33% (Bhutanese). @reappropriate #ReParasiteGiveaway
if you asian you can chill jus 
Yesterday in Asian World Music fest! We start the 15th anniversary celebration!! 
Avvy Go felt a tickle in her throat on the subway ride to work, but willed herself to suppress the cough. She feared coughing on public transit as a Chinese woman might make her a pariah as it did for so many other Asian-Canadians during SARS.  … #coronavirus
There are going to be a LOT of hoaxes around coronavirus, and even more racist bullshit around people of Chinese or general Asian descent. Don't fall for it.  …
Many suffered job losses after Chinese restaurants saw a steep drop in business; Asian claimants who appeared before the Immigration and Refugee Board faced staff wearing masks; and tenants reported being threatened with eviction by their landlords because they were Chinese.  …
#myultamitebanlist 1. All COPS 2. Asian girl with WUAITE boyfriend 3. Game for thrones 4. Theboogyandthehoody rapper 5. Big booby tattoo steamer -_- 6. Little narc X 7. League of LOSER 8. Neon genital evangelist anime 9. Pop drug WASTE time 10. Stupid loud car
Just my opinion. Asian malls are cool. I like it a lot better than ordering stuff online. And you can get a foot massage and a Rotiboy.  …
#MikePompeo can't handle tough questions because they require honest answers and Mike's not a man of integrity. So in retaliation against an NPR reporter who asked him such a question, he has barred NPR from his  European and Central Asian trip.  …
my asian losers fancasts :) 
White Black Hispanic Asian Sniper  …
The forest was shrinking but the trees kept voting for the axe. For the axe was clever and convinced the trees that because his handle was wood he was one of them. (West Asian Fable)
can someone write a book on South Asian & South Asian-American grief already
the hopelessness of the Clippers against the sheer dominance of Kobe was, strangely, what made me a Clippers fan. I was a chubby Asian kid with an  towards my golden-boy older brother. so I identified with the Clippers. because they never had a Kobe.
#FootballForFires Asian football legends Park Ji-sung and Le Cong Vinh have been confirmed for the Football For Fires exhibition match in Sydney to raise funds for Australian bushfire victims. 
queen didn’t  popular cause of freddie’s sexuality, it’s because they’re talented & their music is loved by millions of people around the world. freddie is the first asian rockstar so yeah he deserves the hype idc  …
LOONA EMERGENCY Let the whole fandom be aware of this! We need to fight like we did for Asian Artist Award, please #VOTE:  INDONESIA CHINA KOREA THAILAND JAPAN MALAYSIA PHILIPPINES VIETNAM TAIWAN SINGAPORE 
our textbook has 60+ pages each on Greek and Roman art history, but squeezes all "East Asian" art into 20 measly pages. remember always to consider the information being fed to you and who curated it.
i wanna f*ck asian doll
#AsimRiaz * 1 million fam on instagam ✓ * First to cross 6M on twitter trend ✓ * 24th sexiest Asian ✓ * 4th Tv personality ✓ * First elite club member ✓ * Lady love ✓ *  club task (2) ✓ * Most talked abt contestant of #BB13 ✓ #KingAsim #JabAsiManshiMet
Some of you need to calm the f down re: Corona Virus. Yes, take care where/when you can, but don't let it prevent you from living your (normal) life. And just because someone is East Asian and/or looks Asian doesn't automatically make them a health hazard / risk.
West Asian livestock Insta roundup. Pic 2 is a new all-time fave. 3 is a Kurdish stallion in Esfahan 
An asian gal in my art class wearing a mask started hacking up a lung next to me and then left in the middle of class Should I be worried?
Assistant Commissioner Ramón Garcia addressed the educators who are members of the Asian American Association this evening who had questions about safety and security around their schools. “It’s a shared responsibility.....it takes a village to protect each child”. 
Westerners: *looks at asian desserts* EW GROSS. Who eats BEANS for desserts!? Also Westerners: VANILLA! COFFEE! CHOCOLATE EVERYTHING! Like those aren't beans.
there are  about Asian people.I really don't know what they earn by criticizing others.I'm already tired of ignorant people,idiot now criticizing everything! Now they see an Asian person and immediately criticize her saying they are infected with the coronavirus!
American South Asians, the children and grandchildren of that 1965 act that opened up Asian immigration, the ones whose parents came here with that infamous $6-$8 in their pockets...we probably wouldn’t be here under this rule. This is regressive.  …
This Asian food journey I have been on for the blog had been way more fun than I expected it to be. (And yes I love scallions ) 
I dont get the need to prioritize men in this fucking family when men has done absolutely nothing and is lazy? Asian moms will take shit out on their daughters but treat their lazy son like kings.
Asian donnys go on holiday & do the most typical activities, eat halal maccy d’s & post it on their snap the entire trip, like do you lot not care about the culture, the history, the lifestyle, the ACTUAL cuisine they eat, the people??? You bunch of basic and boring humans smh.
I feel for all the Black Koreans (Insooni, Lee Michelle, Anderson.Paak, Yoon Mi Rae, Maniac, Ameriie, Sonya, Crystal Kay. etc) who work so hard in their genres to never get the spotlight and attention a Non-Black Asian performing a black genre will get. Even when they win.
An Asian couple got on my bus and everyone scattered like someone pulled a gun out. Have y’all lost your mindsss?
Alright my coworker is texting some guy she met at the club and he said I’m the face of Asian ratchet raver.... BOY IF I SEE YOU AT THUNDERDOME THIS WEEKEND........
I would like to draw attention to the racist rhetoric towards Chinese and Asian people concerning the coronavirus. I’ve seen a lot of posts saying Chinese/Asian people are disgusting and that they deserve this.
White Male UberDanger: Signs woman's ass Media: Asian dude Nier Automata: Signs woman's thigh Media: tHaTs SeXiSt yOu cAnT dO ThAt!! So we're approving only white men now??? Pick a lane for fucks sake.
Most viewed pages by music bands on Wikipedia (December 1, 2007 – January 1, 2020); #20. @GirlsGeneration (26 million views) The only Asian girl group on the list! 
- 2018 Got7 ranked #9 on billboards Top 10 Hot Tours list with "Eyes on You" being the only asian artist included. @GOT7Official
Why would you use Tyler the Creator's statements to frame it as a Asian issue too but then ignore Anderson Paak's achievement last night? You want an Asian act to succeed in a Black art form but will then cast out the Blasian man who won TWICE last night out of the conversation?
Nora From Queens aims to represent a new kind of family — at least, new to mainstream TV — one that’s sweet, emotionally open, a little TMI, and happens to be Asian-American. via @EW  …
- 2016 MNET Asian Music Awards, Got7 received the "Worldwide Favorite Artist Awards" with a 300 million vote difference from 2nd place - In 2016, #Got7 was the third most profitable JYP artist, after 2pm and Suzy. @GOT7Official
U notice @sfergs_ love asian mans and ain’t said nun since da CorollaVirus popped up? She in on da Chinese scheme. Lock her up in Arkham
remember when bari w**** said she "resented the racial implications of my response" when I made fun of her for insisting an asian olympic athlete was an immigrant when she was born in california
20 years ago, tall black dude pulls up in a brand new, crazy shiny blue bmw m3. Custom made perfectly tailored shirt and slacks. Me? Short asian dude in a muddy jeep, wearing leather pants and a metallica concert tshirt so faded it was no longer black. Best friends since! 
·1st chinese male on the cover of the Glass Men magazine UK ·1st asian male on the GQ male beauty portfolio ·1st chinese male artist on the cover of the Flaunt magazine ·1st artist ever to perform at Fendi fashion show at MFW 
The casting of Asian Americans as model minorities, along with the impression that we’re insignificant in numbers — disinclined to band together or to speak up — are some of the factors that perpetuate humor at our expense. via @voxdotcom  …
i  some people only read asian books during asian readathon and honestly i'm just glad that anyone would put in the effort to read diversely in the first place even if it's just that one month. gatekeeping how often ppl should read diversely is weird/presumptuous
HOW CAN PPL NOT ASIAN SQUAT ITS SO EASY
this is literally every white “asian politics” professor who’s married to an asian woman  …
Top 10 Greatest Mikes of all Time. (ordered) 1. Lukiebear 2. Monkey 3. 8-9 4. xTopkek 5. Andy 6. Asian Tryhard 7. Feehlicks 8. Chippys 9. Jony D 10. Coletas love you all
Congratulations @theNatalieMars you deserved all of the awards!!! @legal_porno that crazy Asian bukkake... you pushed all of the limits!! Also congratulations on getting married #avnpoty2020 
I just wanna say that @othermoons_art did a FANTASTIC job with the art for my #UnbreakableAnthology adventure "Drowned Souls of the Hidden Stream". So proud to be part of this groundbreaking #dungeonsanddragons publication. This is Asian representation at its finest. 
blogto: hey siri, find me a photo of asian people shopping at t&t and post with 'coronavirus' headline pls!!!!!!!!!!!!  …
It’s time for AsAms to own some Asian jokes, especially when told by an Asian American. Yang’s jokes are pretty harmless and by taking issue with them, you may end up reenforcing the Asian stereotype of being up tight.  …
Something about watching old asian people cook traditional food without modern technology just  …
I’m happy to announce the #UnbreakableAnthology an Asian-inspired D&D5e anthology. Each adventure and art piece is created by Asian creators! This project means so much to me as part of the Asian Diaspora . I’m excited to give a sneak peek on what I wrote in the very near future  …
When a group of Asian American writer-activists wanted to publish the 1974 anthology “Aiiieeeee!" white publishers weren't interested. Instead, they found their support in Black writers like Ishmael Reed and Howard University Press.  …
When people in my little conservative town hear I'm voting for @AndrewYang, they say things like: "You're just voting for him because you want to see the first Asian president!" I reply: "No, I just want to see the first HUMAN one." #YangGang
Under the leadership of President @realDonaldTrump, Asian Americans are prospering like never before! 
Ok. I, an Asian woman, walked into Ulta, seen this YT lady w/ a mask and mittens on, I understand. But what I don’t understand is why she let out this big GASP and started frantically breathing. I went to go stand right next to her and she coulda died from just hyperventilating
I was on @TheTakeaway with @arunNYC to discuss yesterday’s anti-Citizenship Amendment Act demonstrations across the U.S. in solidarity with protesters in India, as well as the broader political mobilization of the South Asian American diaspora.  …
Remember when DCI championships were on ESPN.
#BREAKING: The State Department raises the travel advisory level for China in the wake of the Coronavirus outbreak, and is urging Americans to ‘reconsider travel’ to the Asian nation. 
What is an Asian woman doing at an ‘Invasion Day’ protest - more proof that these things are sponsored. The real invasion is disease carrying chinese buying up all our retail shops #auspol and  …
Asian dudes after they beat you in NBA2k  …
This is a DIRECT assault on the  including (but certainly not limited to) Asian Americans. The impact of this is likely to be broad, and catastrophic.  …
unrelated but if you're wondering why everyone is talking abt gamergate today its bc will-pretend-to-be-leftist-for-cash man peter coffin had a hot take defending it, which is his 2nd most embarrassing self-inflicted wound since sockpuppeting as his non-existent asian wife
Did you know? The Republican Party was founded as the anti-slavery party. The first black senator and black congressman were Republicans. So was every black lawmaker in the House until 1935. The first congresswoman, Hispanic senator, and Asian senator were also Republicans.
14/Anyway, I'm just starting to think about this subject, and I don't have hard data yet, but I will be following up! This is definitely one reason Japanese cities feel so *different* from Western and even other East Asian cities. Maybe the biggest reason. (end)
TRUMP WINNING 4 AMERICA PEACE and PROSPERITY WINNING Economy JOBSJOBSJOBS Lowest African American unemployment in History Lowest Hispanic American unemployment in History Lowest Asian American unemployment in History BEST PRESIDENT EVER 
Watch LIVE: @WhiteHouse Initiative on Asian Americans & Pacific Islanders Lunar New Year Celebration  …
*majority* of vegans all week have been calling out the hypocrisy that western meat eaters have for demonizing asian people for eating certain animals while eating antibiotic filled & abused animals in their own country and somehow vegans are STILL labeled the awful ones.
Tonight's far right rally in Balbriggan is  taking place in a Chinese culture themed gym called the Blue Dragon even though of the main speakers spent an evening this week targeting children in the area who had Asian names. Locals will protest outside from 8 
If you don't have price alerts set for cheap Asian flights over  months then you're doing it wrong.
Donald Glover was calling us Black women ratchet, ghetto, nappy headed, & fetishizing Asian women back in 2011 before deleting his page & starting over. But people look at me like I'm tripping when I say I don't buy into his whole "Pro-Black" "for the culture" thing.
Excited that @andrewyang will be on the next democratic presidential candidate debate! Also calling for @CNN @MSNBC @foxnews to have Asian 
Fact: Taiwan has a sovereign government Fact: Taiwan Taoyuan airport is a major Asian transit hub Fact: @icao excludes #Taiwan Fact: ICAO is headed by a PRC 
How does this virus make ppl think that it's okay to be racist? The confirmed case in toronto was literally a white man. Being asian doesn't mean ur diseased. Grow up.  …
his asian girlfriend who was, again, not a real person but just him with a second twitter account, also spent a lot of time harassing real asian women online
lot of takes about peter coffin flying around today. lot of strong feelings out there. I just want to make sure that no matter what our disagreements, we can all agree that peter coffin made up a fictional asian woman who was his girlfriend and loved his racist jokes
Jackson standing beside Liam and other celebrities and was the only one who went viral. Everyone asking who the hot asian guy was. Now imagine if Got7 as a whole Group attended 
"Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind." The UNBREAKABLE series  to @DriveThruRPG! Explore 10 adventures for #DnD5e written & illustrated by Asian creators like @danielhkwan & 
Am I the only one who will watch a 2 hour video of them two random Asian guys building a whole ass house in the middle of the jungle with nothing but their hands and enjoy it
it’s terrible that my mom has to call me to see if she should reschedule dim sum with white people because she’s scared that they’re scared of asian things at the moment and doesn’t want them to have to openly admit being racist af
Motherfuckers y’all had to ban fucking lettuce because people got sick maybe calm it with this racist bullshit.  are even worse. “Asian countries are gross because they eat weird shit” says country that fries butter.  …
“...this current lack of specificity has allowed for any media presence of Asian people, including those in Blackface, to be repackaged as a win for Asian American diversity and inclusion.”  …
*transparent moment* i hope this isn’t offensive in anyway ... but being my age and black in Memphis most of my clients are black people ... but Saturday i had my first Asian client. I was nervous at first and tried not to sike myself out ,but I DID IT... and I’m proud of my work 
You’ve got to respect Chibnall’s response to viewers who can’t  about a female Doctor. “Yeah? Well now there’s two female Doctors and the second one is black. Keep it up I’ll add a third female Doctor and I’ll make her an asian lesbian.” 
Bamboo is strong, resilient, unbreakable. So is our resolve Announcing the UNBREAKABLE  soon to @DriveThruRPG! Explore 10 original Asian-inspired adventures for #DnD5e written & illustrated by Asian #OwnVoices creators. #UnbreakableAnthology 
SHORT THREAD: Who is John Bolton? 1/8 A Yale man, Bolton was a supporter of the Vietnam War, but purposely avoided military service in Vietnam He wrote: "I confess I had no desire to die in a Southeast Asian rice paddy. I considered the war in Vietnam already lost."
Growing up with asian parents  
She really kissed him There is a thing called culture here! They are Asian. This is not okay! Pls do a research if you did not know it before inviting them Also she is a grown woman that kissed a 19 year old that makes it even worse 
Good morning to all my latino, black, asian, and colonizer kings
The dangers to tourists visiting Nong Nooch Elephant Show, Thailand & many like it where Asian #elephants are beaten relentlessly to give rides & perform, are detailed here in STAE’s new video featuring our ambassador @PeterEgan6:  @rickygervais
as an asian living in america i can confirm that neither asians nor americans kiss strangers upon meeting and kelly had not right to kiss felix and make him  thank you very much 
look. as an asian, the only people that kiss me on the cheek are family. if someone were to kiss me on the cheek without me knowing, i’d be very  plus she only kissed felix from what i’ve seen? if you were going to do it as a sign of respect, you’d do it to all, no?
THIS FULL GROWN FRCKN WOMAN KISSED A 19 YEAR OLD IN THE CHEEKS WITHOUT HIS FRCKN CONSENT I THINK IT'S NORMAL TO KISS PEOPLE IN AMERICA BUT FELIX IS FRCKN ASIAN AND THAT ISN'T NORMAL HERE! THIS IS JUST TOO DISTURBING 
It really be white people who don’t take their shoes off inside “expressing concern” about Asian food prep
ppl who draw felix with noticable asian features 
Hearing in China lots of people driving their cars instead of using public transport. Same in many other Asian cities. Flights to China have only seen a small reduction in passengers. So maybe not as much demand destruction as is thought. #OOTT
2019: First series loss to an Asian team at home 2020: First time the Proteas lose to England at Newlands in over 50 years First time we’ve lost successive home series FIRE THE ENTIRE BOARD
Do Western cultures lack the ability to stay in “harmony with  to Asian cultures? That was  Hollywood trope found in movies such as Gremlins. Yet, in real life, China and India are environmental disasters. 
"For once, a non-Western act that has much greater power than many Western acts at the award show had placed itself into the Western narrative. A Korean act was representing Asian identity on a platform meant to glorify Western artists." 
Kobe Bryant is being mourned by legions of Asian fans, including millions in China—where basketball rivals soccer as the most popular sport  (via AP)
please jimin was so happy & touched with promise cd i hope he knows that his  song holds sc 24h record & the most streamed Asian song in sc & the first korean song to reach 200M streams on SC without any promo 
*good news about Malaysia being no. 3 in Asia* Asian Mom: Why no. 3 only?? Why not no. 1? Pay tuition for what? See your neighbour there, everytime also got no. 1.  …
Stop moving away or leaving the area when an Asian person coughs challenge
Last night, my mom warned me not to cough in public because people would think I had #coronavirus. This is the reality I live with as an Asian person. Despite enjoying the privilege of the "model minority" myth, I am only one transgression away from race-based violence.
Congratulations Aisha and Anoosha! BILAL COOKS DAAL awarded #APALA Asian/Pacific American Award Picture Book Honor @aishacs @foxville_art #ALAyma 
THEY CALLED US ENEMY wins the Asian/Pacific American Award for Young Adult Literature! Congratulations to @GeorgeTakei @JustinEisinger @Scott_Duvall @harmimimi for this amazing honor from 
Oh, Geoge Takei's They Called Us Enemy just won the Asian Pacific Book Award!!! #ALAyma 
The Asian/Pacific American Award for Children's Literature goes to...."Stargazing" written by Jen Wang! #ALAyma 
Also, Shami Chakrabarti isn't Muslim. She's just South Asian!
Asian/Pacific Award for Picture Book Winner: QUEEN OF PHYSICS by @TeresaRobeson!!!!!!! Illustrated by Rebecca Huang!!! 
Study using ancient DNA supports view that horse-riding developed on Central Asian steppes in late 2nd mil BCE. This led to increased trade and promoted imperial expansion across Eurasia.  …
Periodic reminder that I’m gathering traces of evidence about African and Asian migrants in Ireland, C19-early C20. Any leads, let me know! Here’s a very patchy map I’ve put together from the 1901/11 census records:  …
Wolves are planning to open a second Megastore in China in 2020 and will enter more selected stores. Li Yong, executive director of Fosun Sports Fashion: "We will explore other Asian markets, for example South Korea, and do more collaborations with international brands” 
Statement from the Asian Hospital and Medical Center in Alabang, Muntinlupa denying that it has a patient with confirmed coronavirus | via 
Malay manuscript of Undang-undang kanun Johor, copied by Munsyi Abdullah in 1837, discovered in the Library of Congress, lurking in the Law library, not the Asian division - read the blog by Joshua Kueh:  …
“The only choice BTS may have had was to accept or turn down the offer—the latter of which would have never have prompted a discussion on Asian identity within the American space at all. (...) the ethnocentric bubble that the Grammys so deeply cherished has indeed been popped.”  …
I think about this a lot when I see Asian Am art about the immigrant struggle  to the tired conclusion of appreciating a better life in the West, instead of interrogating the circumstances that make that better life in the homeland an impossibility (like Imperialism).
here’s a sarawakian edition of ‘choose your asian’ 
7.Rupee has  the worst performing Asian currency  …
Kobe Bryant is being mourned by legions of Asian fans, including millions in China—where basketball rivals soccer as the most popular sport  (via AP)
I get where Asian liberal artists  from because I used to be one but looking back, producing generic art about being Asian in America never did anything to help me understand who I am and where  from. Embracing international camaraderie did.
Sport needs to have a “clear-sighted and honest” conversation about race, and how it can do more to help black, Asian and ethnically  be more active and involved, a major new campaign by Sport England will urge today  …
I had a little hand in this & I can't wait for this Mentoring Program to do it's thing! British East Asian writers & directors ASSEMBLE!  …
With the support of @UKScreenSkills we are proud to launch our very first Mentoring Program for British East Asian writers & directors! More info   …
[ Breaking News ] Our boys are nominated as SEMI-FINALISTS on Starmometer's 100 Asian Heartthrobs of 2020 Pls VOTE JS  … JY  … MT  … BB  … RT to spread to all ahgases @GOT7Official 
Asian gang  at Luton station! The white man was booted in the face by multiple asian assailants to the point of unconsciousness on the platform!  where trying desperately to stop the attack! 
When you're heading to @Tokyo2020 as Asian champions #MondayMotivation | @theKFA | #AFCU23 | 
Eng sub for the part of boys love series #2wish #MeanPhiravich #PlanRathavit #lovebychanceseason2 
PUBLIC ADVISORY: The Asian Hospital and Medical Center assures the public and all concerned that there's no confirmed novel coronavirus patient case within its facilities. 
Asian parents exaggerate level:  …
SG, Malaysia, HK, Australia, Japan & other asian countries have confirmed cases of nCov. The Ph, on the other hand, has 0 confirmed case despite the fact that we have so much Chinese visitors.I hope that the gov’t is not covering this up to continue acceptance of Chinese visitors
LOOK: Asian Hospital and Medical Center releases statement on the 2019-nCov Health Event 
just watched Parasite with a live orchestra and director Bong Joon-Ho showed up and was so cute and took a selfie. he’s literally every asian dad ugh 
FRIENDS! If you love the idea of: - an angry Asian overachieving teen - who learns that she possesses power great enough to destroy the gates of Heaven - and has to kick demon Asian-mythology-demon butt to protect her town Then you *must* read THE EPIC CRUSH OF GENIE LO! 
Launching this month! Privé Alliance Asia is an additional website and fulfillment center that allows customers within the Asian region to order and get access to faster and cheaper shipping methods with upto 50% off shipping rates. Stay tuned for further announcement!  …
No latx can not have locs.... Your hair- just like yt, asian, and Indian- is not meant to loc up like that.... It's not a style from your culture. She's not even afro-latina so don't even try it.
While @rsprasad @PMOIndia give Rs 70,000cr to MTNL-BSNL,a resident of Asian Games Village tells us House #503 belongs to MTNL,has been empty for 5-6 years,is in serious disrepair,even has a peepal tree growing on the roof!It's market worth is Rs 7-cr but will be worth zilch soon
Asian style of financial education since young 
In case you were wondering what that “GamerGate was caused by neoliberalism” nonsense was about, a reminder that he’s the same guy who made up an Asian girlfriend who so he could get away with calling an Asian woman slurs. You know, progressive activism.  …
Brooklyn, Bronx, Queens and Staten From the Battery to the top of Manhattan Asian, Middle-Eastern and Latin Black, White, New York you make it happen  …
whAT DO YOU MEAN THEY DON'T WASH THEIR RICE???? AS AN ASIAN, I AM BOTH APPALLED AND DISGUSTED.
I get the same and I'm Asian. They end up either feeling sorry for you or think you've been brainwashed. Anyone holding that position is basically thinking they are better than the other person.
Breaking news: Australian strain of #coronavirus much more dignified & respectful of an individuals personal space than the pesky Asian strain as per NSW Health minister Brad 'Hazard to your health' Hazzard.
My asian parents cant accept this, sorry :((
There’s also a lethal virus on the loose and Vancouver is one of the largest Asian ports in North America.  …
How do you think the song "Black Male Rage" or "Asian Male Rage"  across? Racist? Yeah. It's racist here too. It's fucked up that SNL publishes this shit.
did not just saw someone said "i went to the mall yesterday and it was full of Asian people so I got worried and the next day I woke up feeling sick should I be worried Rn????" to a gc. it's full of racists I hate it here
wow all it took was the coronavirus to see that people are as anti asian as ever
Asian stocks down on #coronarvirus fears and potential impact on the economy. #Nikkei down almost 
Fans were so violently loyal to Kobe, particularly his devoted Asian fans, because he represented a direct connection between hard work and dreams. He wasn’t the best, the biggest, or most athletic. He just worked. And he made us believe we could work and achieve our dreams too.
For #dignidadliteraria, I want to help lift up unpubbed/emerging Latinx voices—esp that of Afro-Latinx, Indigenous Latinx, Asian Latinx &/or queer folx & ppl w/disabilities. Short version: get in touch & tell me how I can help you. Long version (please read the whole thread!)
The new hero of the ‘woke’ millionaire Marxists is the men who almost bankrupted Thailand, Indonesia & other Asian countries to make billions on the back of ordinary people, driving them into hunger and homelessness. @GeorgeSoros, you are a carpetbagger. Stay away from  …
Real talk I'm so proud of BTS even if they didnt get a solo performance do you know how groundbreaking it is for Asian musicians to be on stage?? When I was a kid I had no Asian role models in pop culture to look up to. This is definitely the start of more representation. +
I was wrong. I anticipated this performance to be America's attempt to yet again place an Asian act within a Western vector. But what BTS actually did was assert their own identity through that vector. A bold and important performance @BTS_twt  …
the biggest asian lie told is at a family party when you tell them that you’re “getting boba with your cousin”
PSA: if you ask an Asian “are you Chinese?” and they reply “no,I’m Korean”, you can’t just say “oh, same thing.” That’s called racism.
My fear is that if this Virus starts spreading in South Asia. South Asian countries don’t have enough resources to tackle it effectively. South Asian countries including Pakistan and India must close down the Border with China immediately.  …
Us music industry: we have the most prestegeus stages in the world Asian music industry: hold my rice based alcohol
If you're wondering why your Indian moots have gone suddenly screaming with excitement today, it's becoz a living legend in Asian music who brought Indian music to world stage-Grammy&Academy award winner A R Rahman Sir- posted a clip of BTS stage on IG. Every Indian admires him 
But what Asian are you?? LIVE at the DAR Constitution Hall last night was amazing! Thank you DC 
valid tweet: poorly regulated wet markets, unsanitary conditions, and bad hygiene do lead to the spread and creation of novel viruses and are a legitimate concern, no matter the country invalid: coronavirus is caused bc asian people eat anything that moves and i am a racist
locals be so quick to make a racist asian jokes, post a picture of taehyung watch them be like “stan twt who dis?”
it’s ok to be black it’s ok to be latino it’s ok to be white it’s ok to be asian it’s ok to be a man it’s ok to be a woman it’s ok to be you i’m tired of all of the hate against groups like white men in the media that is designed to pit us against each other for ratings  …
Yes and we need more Asian people to speak up because the awareness of this is amazing
MINARI: Yup this one’s it. Astounding at how lovingly crafted this is, a film so precise yet malleable to the rich,  uplifting emotions of family. Youn Yuh-Jung joins Zhao Shuzhen in the pantheon of Asian grandmas. #Sundance2020
Let us vote for ⁦ @aldenrichards02⁩ and only for him. He is currently in 5th spot #AldenRichards Voting for the Wildcard of ‘100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020’ Now Open! | Starmometer  …
you bring a kpop group to an awards show to preform and have them sit in chairs. kpop groups are known for their performances, espeically their dancing. the west is so threatened by asian success. I’m not even going to say I don’t get it bc I do. Gr*mmys are racist.
Please be aware of the propaganda against Chinese/Asian people that is probably flooding your TL right now.
can't wait for loona to perform at the grammys someday, an award program built on misogyny and racism, and these people will have to watch TWELVE ASIAN WOMEN sing and dance, and hear them speak in a language they don't understand
I heard ppl now avoid Asian people like the whole damn plague just for coughing even if they don't have Coronavirus. Use the racism against Asian people against the colonizers. Pretend to be sick and cough, back them onto a boat and send them fuck all the way somewhere in Europe
Wow, look at that. Within almost 24 hours I’m getting advertisements on YouTube from the government of Canada about supposed hysteria over Asian-borne diseases. Absolutely unnerving. It portrays White Canadians as ignorant and hateful monsters, and you & I paid for it. 
Why is it considered cultural appropriation for white women to get braids or eat Chinese food? Is that same metric used when black women wear weaves derived from Indian and Asian hair or eat Mexican food? It’s cultural APPRECIATION not appropriation. What do y’all think?
Asian equity markets closed for Chinese New Year as Corona virus spreads, could some investors turn to the always open Bitcoin markets for cover?
While other asian countries  out with gems like Train To Busan and Bad Genius, we remain producing clownery gems  …
African-Americans, Asian-Americans and Latinos shouldn’t have to wait at the back of the voting line.  …
Matildas captain Sam Kerr has praised organisers for moving Olympic qualifiers from China to Sydney due to the coronavirus outbreak in the Asian nation 
Asian people: #coronarvirus is a serious issue Also Asian people: 
Yeah a nurse at my school was giving a real hard time to an asian friend of a friend of mine who recently came down with the flu. "Have you traveled to China recently?" "no" "Are you sure?" "I'm pretty sure I'd remember if I'd been to China recently?"
no one: a white person on chopped putting fish sauce in a dish: it’s an asian inspired dish (✿◕‿◕)
With safe haven flows dominating early Asian #trading so far, the yield on 10-year government #bonds has fallen to below 1.65% and 2s-10s to under 20 basis points. #exonomy 
I find it disgustingly ironic that people are being racist towards Asian people as they “fear getting the coronavirus” when back in the colonial era, white people literally brought illnesses to countries and killed thousands of indigenous people, and it even became a tactic.
Every time the ladies pass, they be like "hi Jimmy" Can y'all feel me, all ages and races Real sweet faces Every different nation, Spanish, Hatian, Indian, Jamaican Black, White, Cuban, and Asian!  …
THE RESPECT LMAO HIS ASIAN IS SHOWING
Of Coronavirus and Chartism - I am cheerfully optimistic that this Coronavirus, like asian swine flu and SARS before it, will prove not to be as deadly as may be prognosticated by journalists wanting to fill column inches. One day the human race will  …
Uh. I'm not Chinese but I am Asian and I used to live in China and no thats Exactly how the Corona virus started. Those food markets are insanely unsanitary and the animals sold there are not checked for diseases. People catch them and sell them right away.
not new to nsfw!! just posting another one of this bc my first one didn’t have pix - sam - 15 (turning 16 next month) - bi (girls++) - top/dom - pisces - 5’5 - asian!! - she/her rt to be moots!! <3 for a possible dm! 
Kinda surreal feeling having someone whose writing on Asian-American issues I’ve enjoyed over the years imply that I might be a Nazi because I defended progressive candidate Bernie Sanders
Ripple Predicts Asian Market Takeover And a Leaner Payments System In 2020  via
If you are at all under the impression that American-produced meat is in any way sanitary... please read Fast Food Nation by Eric Schlosser; American meat is definitely not sanitary and Americans being disgusted by Asian food is misguided at best and racist, orientalist at worst.  …
Good morning, A Team! It's that time of the year again to put our fingers to work. Please vote @aldenrichards02 for @starmometer's 100 Asian Heartthrobs of 2020. Let us help him advance in the poll! Mechanics below. Unlimited voting!  … 
Asian Americans' myopic narcissistic fixation on diaspora Asians' petty privilege problems, eagerness to believe propaganda about China, and penchant for stringing together woke word soup like "solidarity decolonize ally" instead of having actual political analysis is disgusting.
Has this this sent in tous In Luton, my mate recorded it. There was 6 white boys started a fight with 3 Asian boys , beat them up on the train . Didn’t realise there was 2 more of the Asian boys at the other end of the carriage , those 2 were the fighters lol. kicked off again.. 
U.S. STOCK FUTURES FALL MORE THAN 1% IN ASIAN TRADE ON WORRIES ABOUT CORONAVIRUS
Asian Americans who love to spew sinophobia suddenly  concerned about the coronavirus bc of how it might lead to microaggressions against them in the US—and not bc they give a shit about the people dying in China or Western aggression towards China—can go fuck themselves.
Calves and newborns are more at risk of falling into trenches on tea plantations in India, injuring themselves or even dying. But a new certification program for tea growers is helping to ensure ditches are made safe for endangered Asian elephants. 
Duterte must share blame for Philippines' slide in corruption index - William Pesek in Nikkei Asian Review  …
I better not see ANY of you trying to single out or avoid the Asian international students on campus because of the coronavirus.
Flew back to Ack from HK today on a full flight made up of roughly 70% Asian passengers. At HK everyone was temp checked & most wore masks. Got to Ack, nothing, not one passenger checked. Hmmm!
A fellow student in a college class was Asian and didn’t speak a word of English. Every day he dressed decked out in Lakers gear, - even had a Kobe Bryant lunch box. Thinking about him and many others like him today. Just such a massive story it’s hard to wrap your head around it
Either he's too stereotypically Asian or he's not Asian enough. Stop judging Yang on his percieved Asian-ness. You're encouraging a racist narrative by imposing your own rules on how an Asian should act.
I believe it. It’s not the first time BBC News has done this with a BAME celebrity. Still remember the time Shashi Kapoor died and they showed TWO different Asian actors instead.  …
The men of Subtle Asian Traits’ biggest problem is their mother disapproving of their interracial relationship with a white woman lol
Don’t know if I’ve ever seen a scene like this Fathers, Sons, Mothers, Daughters, Black, White, Asian, Latino, Rich, Poor, Homeless, Old, Young, Celebrity, Everyone Everyone came to pay respects to Kobe
Who are my Asian-Americans out there feelin' the Bern? Message below! I def want to be following you Also if I already follow you, give this a retweet so your AAPI followers see this! #NotMeUs
I was listening out for #bbc news coverage of the biggest atrocity in our modern-day British history - Asian rape of white vunerable children - but no not a whisper. Why the cover up? 
It is difficult to overstate the impact Kobe had on the Asian  Many of us didn’t have role models that looked like us. But every time we’d throw a brick and yell “Kobe!” it was a testament to a style and self-determination we were searching for ourselves.
This petition has the support of Anne Marie Waters leader of  . Have we not failed enough Victims ? home office: Full Public Enquiry into Asian Grooming Gangs in the United Kingdom. - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange
For those who want context and for the racist who  on these videos. 6 white guys beat up 3 Asian boys on the train. They didn't know there were 2 more at the end of the carriage which fought back outside the train when the 6 were gloating about their previous win 
They deleted the tweet. This is a CTV journalist taking a selfie with an Asian hairdresser, tweeting implying they hope they only got a haircut and not the Coronavirus, from them in this Asian establishment. That is just a little bit racist @PeterAkman @CTVToronto @CTV_PR 
Kobe is dead, Corona Virus is now at ASU according to my coughing Asian sources + CDC, and a club thought this was a good flyer to make. WTF is happening we’re all gonna die soon 
I saw a guy tweet that there has only been one South Asian debut novelist with a big five publisher in the last two or three years and I laughed and laughed in Romance and Women’s fiction.
Have you seen 81-year-old Shuangai Zhang? Shuangai was last seen on foot at 8AM this morning. She is an Asian female, 5’3”, 110lbs, with short white hair; last seen wearing dark colored pants & a grey and white sweater. No known medical conditions. Call police w/ any information. 
racism against asian people is so normalized its disgusting
Asian gang viciously targets train users in what looks to be a racist attack that could have left one man killed in #Luton #ukstreetcrime 
how are y’all gonna act like you care about animals when  to  but not when you’re eating burgers? like the only difference between them and you is that you don’t see how cows are brutally treated and killed
China called Islam a virus and worked very hard to extinguish it in its country, they banned the Quran, they banned praying, they banned the hijab, they banned fasting. Today every single Asian in the world has  a suspect of the worst Virus on the planet. 1/2
Saw a RT talking about elves in reference to this tweet, and it occurred to me that white fantasy creators/fans might not realize they've been ripping off Asian art and culture when  to a lot of their depictions of elves? Like, I thought they knew they were doing it. Wow  …
can someone explain to me what a Shia is pls, ASIAN TWITTER GOT ME CONFUSION
To Trump, PM Imran Khan @ImranKhanPTI is the chrismatic leader of South Asian region . @ashoswai @cjwerleman @ABPNews @IndiaToday @ZeeNews @ndtv @BBCUrdu @PTIofficial  …
“Save Yourselves! is a kooky, hilarious & thrilling film that stars South Asian American  Sunita Mani, who is half of a couple that takes a holiday to unplug from technology only to find out that aliens have attacked the earth.” By @nancywyuen 
Few tweets on the bluff calling of South Asian Sufi-Mullah-Ashraf mafia by Modi-Shah through CAA legislation. Nobody dared to do it in the past starting with 1857. I am quoting SR Goel in pieces. #CAA_NRC_support #CAA_NRC_NPR 1/21
Really very excited to repeat the SARS days here in good ol' Toronto when the sight of any east asian person had people covering their mouths and noses and running to the other side of the street!!!
Y’all don’t really understand what it’s like to be a child living as the only Asian kid in town. Or to be among other Asians but be the only one of your ethnicity.
