Parents literally risking the lives of their kids bc they’re so racist they don’t want Asian doctors treating them due to coronavirus. I’m wondering just how fucked white parents have to be b4 their kids are taken off them at even a fraction of the rate Aboriginal kids are taken
asian girls so mf fine  …
so I was at restaurant depot and I saw this older Asian woman get denied her service cuz she asked one of the employees if they can help her bring her cart to her car and unload it and the guy refused. so I left my spot in line and took her cart outside and came back in to get
Imagine: you graduate from Westminster High School. You end up on the bachelor. He likes you and goes to your hometown. You take him to Asian Garden Mall and he tries boba for the first time. He doesn’t understand the concept and hates it. You do not get a rose.  …
Andrew is Asian, so he knows androids.  …
How will futures open Sunday night — and how will the market finish Monday? Also, do you think the Fed will act Sunday before the Asian open — and how?
I am immuno-suppressed & my medication causes chronic respiratory congestion. For dinner I drove over to Watertown & picked up Chinese food from a sizable restaurant with just a mother & daughter there. Don't give in to panic or prejudice--support your local Asian businesses!
an Asian American traveler checked into the hotel today and had some food then went upstairs and 15 minutes later 4 businessmen are at the front desk asking to move to a different floor, like........
Just now in Tennessee: @PeteButtigieg answering a q about Asian American discrimination around coronavirus. "You belong in this country and in your school just as much as anybody and don't ever let anybody tell you different, alright?" This is what leadership looks like. 
“The best way to stop the spread of coronavirus is to wash your hands, not perpetuate racist stereotypes,” reads a letter sent from the Asian American caucus to fellow Congress members. 
Asian American Pacific Islander event for @JoeBiden! My colleague @a_jan and I are talking about what’s at stake and why Biden is the right candidate for  #littletokyo 
I'm showrunning on a new TV show with an Asian cast. Who are some  Asian actors and actresses I should know about? Please RT and feel free to tag yourself!
For those of you who don’t know what this vile man is referring to succubus is a female demon believed to have sexual intercourse with sleeping men. Yes he’s using sexual abusive language against a female Asian government minister. #Reported
Charles Yu explores Asian American stereotypes in pop culture with his audacious new book, 'Interior Chinatown.'  …
who u sittin with - asian guy edition 
If the coronavirus pushes America to address the obesity, smoking, and heart disease epidemics, that would be much more helpful for our long-term health than demonizing Asian Americans as infesters. We’re all in this together. Let’s push for more preventative health for everyone.
Greece once again defends Europe against the Asian hordes in history. Support #Greece #IStandWithGreece
"Asian American" has always been an AstroTurfed racial identity that few (fewer than 15 percent) apply to themselves. But it turns out that this applies to all the other racial and other identity categories whom the professional activist class purports to speak for.
I became aware of this when I witnessed the gaping disconnect between what institutional "Asian American" organizations supported and what actual ethnic Chinese and South Asian parents and kids wanted in NYC regarding the SHSAT issue.
And Scientific data for back up! Corona virus designed for Asian physiology!  …
The US Asian experience is characterized  (too heterogeneous), invisibility (poor representation) & otherness (“So, where are you really from?”) I ask whether I tell enough stories about being Asian to/with students  this... #NTOY20 
Oh my goodness White and Asian males can’t for once apply to a job in a field that they are the majority! Oh the humanity!  …
Clear face baby 6 months before --> 6 months after with 
Am I the only one who doesn’t think this was offensive? Uh-oh was what I just said offensive? Not down playing racism & the way people are treating the Chinese and Asians because that is a serious problem (I’m Asian btw) but I feel like people are blowing this out of proportion
Tall Raymond Waites Vase Made for Toyo Trading Co., Black with Yellow Bird, Butterflies, Flowers, 14.25" Tall  … #Asian #porcelain #collectible #birds 
And ftr, I spoke to the policeman and explained why I don’t play like that. He understood also and wasn’t shitty or annoyed which is another thing I was left exposed to. He was an Asian man and he got it. Hopefully he’ll let his colleagues know and they say no if asked to do it.
it’s ok to be white. it’s ok to be black. it’s ok to be asian. it’s ok to be hispanic. it’s ok to be a female. it’s ok to be a male. it’s ok to be gay. it’s ok to be straight. it’s ok to be you. but it’s NEVER “ok” to use Pandora Radio
laughing with my Asian lungs  …
How not to react when you see blonde dancers at an asian wedding 
Did  that a smoking Asian baby was voting?
Asian bitch London Tipton 
Seriously, my fav example of foreignising vs domesticizing. #translation #xl8 @nariology @shadow_heroes The ppl who called roti “Asian Croissant” said it wa bc their audience wouldn’t have understood it otherwise. FAIL!!  …
me and my friends noticed that when eb*la was going around, people thought every black person had it and now since the c*ronavirus is going around, people think every asian has it. Stop pinning a diseases/illnesses/virus on a certain race. pls educate me if i’m wrong.
CNN Exit Poll (South Carolina): Race - White - 41% Black - 55% Hispanic - 3% Asian - 0% Other - 1% Age - 17-29 - 10% 30-44 - 18% 45-64 - 43% 65+ - 29% Ideology - Very Liberal - 20% Somewhat liberal - 30% Moderate - 40% Conservative - 9% #SCprimary2020
FROGHEMOTH. Seriously though. @dwarvenforge, wanna sponsor our @aznsrepresent Dungeons & Da Asian AP? 
This ya man at the bar just keeps going on about how he doesn’t shake Asian ppl’s hands because of the coronavirus. 1 like and I’ll go slap the fuck out of him and put my fingers in his mouth.
When we door knocked an entirely Latino neighborhood, EVERY SINGLE individual or family we spoke to told us they were voting for Bernie. The dad here was stoked & said “¡Nuestro equipo!” (Our team!). Pls don’t erase Asian American & Latinx voters in your narratives! 
when cute asian girls are also  who  outreach 
Hey DipShit @realDonaldTrump rough week huh? ... how ya feeling, headache, fever? Got a question Dufus, heard you tell your cult that the virus is just a hoax ... but then you cancel your summit of the Association of "Asian Nations" in Las Vegas? That's weird, why?
this queer asian student is voting for @ewarren and so should you  – at University of California, Berkeley
Asian-Americans, the fastest-growing racial group in the U.S., have  a key Democratic constituency, but Trump is courting them, too 
“The best way to stop the spread of coronavirus is to wash your hands, not perpetuate racist stereotypes,” reads a letter sent from the Asian American caucus to fellow Congress members. 
Hi friends! This year I'm coordinating the Asian Pacific Student Alliance High School Conference at SDSU! I've been working on it for months but it's honestly been so hard to reach out to high schoolers If you could RT/like so more peeps can see I would appreciate it alot! 
Now imagine that a #Labour woman Asian cabinet minister had fallen out with a white male, public school & Cambridge educated Civil Service mandarin. Would @acgrayling be calling her a “succubi” for attempting to fulfil her mandate? #GoPriti  …
Asian men be so attractive then BOOM they say the n word
what do you call an asian thot? Sum Yung Ho
What do you call a disabled Asian king? Sum Ting Wong
Asian Caucus urging them to “help us prevent hysteria ... and racist assaults that have been fueled by misinformation." Sen. Tom Cotton had previously entertained the possibility of the fringe theory that the virus originated in a Chinese biosafety lab.  …
In the latest Morning Consult poll,  in first place with a few niche demographics: Black voters, Latino voters, Asian voters, White voters, and Other Races voters.  …
70 million adults in America are obese 28 million adults in America have heart disease 34 million adults in America have diabetes If those factors push you into the 20% needing hospital care you can see why that would be worrisome. We aren't an Asian nation of in shape people.
As a superfan and former young half-filipina girl rooting for the Asian-American tribe on Cook Islands, I consider this a  from one of my fav winners ever Shameless retweet sorry just living my best life in nerd land over here  …
Asian girls from Luton on their wedding 
People are scared as fuck of coronavirus. I live in Bellevue, WA; we have  of Chinese, Korean, Japanese, & other Asian immigrants. White folks in grocery stores are acting scared. This is how we act around black Americans now, in city streets. This is racism
I lived through the 1957 "Asian Flu" pandemic on the west coast.  …. It was over fast. My granddad lost 5 siblings & 4 uncles to the flu in '18. That flu killed 20% of the ppl in  in Indiana. All ppl of faith. Less so afterward.
the response to hate crimes against asian people fuckin suck b/c it's always either an antiblack MRAsian using it to get mad about other minorities or it's self-hating asians/ppl who already hate asians who are like "well asians are racist too so maybe they deserved it"
Joe Hisaishi uploaded Asian Dream Song on his YT channel. The wonderful melody of #YuzuruHanyu Hope & Legacy program. Let us give it some love pls! Stream,  Show him how much we appreciate his music (also all his other recent 
Klopp saw he was 3-0 down and decided he’d bring on an asian player to take down the entire Watford side dkm
18,000 have died from the flu in the U.S. It's far more deadly than the #coronavirus. One high risk patient has died from Corona Virus in US. Trump cancelled Asian summit next month in safety measures. We're the number one travel destination in the world. Travel ban in place.  …
@ImranKhanPTI Should be given a Nobel peace Award for his efforts toward peace process in the world specifically in the south Asian region If you agree retweet this & spread the word to sign the petition
Think about how terribly UNSAFE Trump has made the food we consume! ...Major poisons being sprayed on the produce! ...No USDA regulations anymore on Beef and Pork! ... Unsafe now to consume tuna, tilapia other Fish out of Asian countries due to Coronavirus!...Nice, huh?
ALDEN Richards was just given the Ani ng Dangal Award by the National Commission for Culture and Arts for winning the Asian Star Prize from the Seoul International Drama Awards last August. Prior to this, he also got the Gems Best TV drama actor award...  …
Y'all see the racism Asian people are experiencing already. The violence is literally spreading faster than the disease. What do you think things will look like when more deaths happen and Trump continues to blame migrants? We need to be real about the threat here.
ANY ASIAN GIRLS OR GIRLS WITH SHORT BLACK HAIR AVAILABLE TO SHOOT TOMORROW IN MIAMI AT 12:00PM WITH MY FRIEND GABBY- I’ll send you a gift
You dare to denigrate a female, British, Asian cabinet minister as a “ female demon who has sex with sleeping men” This says more about you than it does @patel4witham You should be ashamed of yourself but I suspect your ego and your towering vanity affords you no sense of  …
this reflexive vilification and generalization of culture is in itself a toxic counterculture that has no Islamic basis. To claim that your entire (South Asian, West African, whatever) culture is "shirk" is just a bizarre and idiotic exaggeration.
What do you call a disabled Asian king? Sum Ting Wong 
Asian bitches go crazy  …
And why is the WH canceling the Asian Summit in Vegas if coronavirus is a Democrat hoax? #MAGA? Those Republicans should have the summit and show the Dems they're not falling for it!
I wonder if low LNG prices, cheaper renewables, low Asian growth rates, and warm winters will finish off this relatively high-cost LNG project without prime minister lifting a finger. Big question if that happens: will Shell and Coastal GasLink sue BC govt for lost "profits"?  …
Coronavirus updates: Asian American-owned businesses and restaurants are suffering due to misinformation and xenophobic assumptions about how the novel coronavirus is spreading, creating stigmas not supported by scientific facts.  …
A grown white man crying on international television because a tiny petit asian woman apparently bullied him into quitting his job! Someone find his dummy for him!
It really hurts that the false allegations against SuperM will stick with them and folks will use it as a justification for their racism and xenophobia towards Asian artists. The harm done by all of this shit runs incredibly deep and may never be undone.
In case anyone is curious, my lungs are technically only 50% Asian but I can 100% kick your ass for being racist. foH
Trump has called off a meeting with Asian leaders next month in Vegas because coronavirus. I thought he said it was a hoax???
As a British Asian myself - I can confirm. Priti Patel is a demon.  …
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 – Jaehyun and Jungkook Advance to Level 3 Battles 
/SNSD/ Taeyeon - I Live in Jakarta Countdown Asian Games 2018 
The man who styles himself as the country’s leading philosopher calls a female, British Asian cabinet minister a demon. Dear oh dear. There are many words I could use for the Professor, but unlike him, I shall resist temptation.  …
No Asian artist and very few western artists have ever had #1 albums in this many countries! South Korea USA UK Japan France Germany Netherlands Belgium Ireland Scotland New Zealand Australia @BTS_twt
"We torn down the Buddha temples, We shat on the Buddhas head!" - Turkic Muslim poet describing Moslem conquest of Central Asian Buddhist lands  
He was articulating about "Asian lung receptors," so I don't think he's entitled to the benefit of the doubt here
Hollywood: Action movies/Thriller Asian movies: Drama or love story Local movies: Indie film  …
since some of y’all are so willing to say “it was 2013, he was just a kid” (which he was a grown adult in 2013), he also slut shamed Taylor Swift as recently as 2016, made a racist remark about Asian people in 2017, and made a video at 22 about having a crush on a 15 y.o. & more!  …
[Clip] Interview @FlukeNatouch with English Subtitle is available now >>  … Special Thanks to @Flukeat1stSight
“Nowhere in the world do you have a more robust middle class of Black Americans, Asian Americans, and Hispanic Americans than in this country.” - @BurgessOwens
LOLLLLLLLL not asian lungs!  …
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Mingyu vs Jungkook Keep voting in Starmometer for Jungkook  … #Jungkook #JeonJungKook #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク
Get a grip, this is a virus, lab designed to take out people with Asian dna  …
. @BTS_twt has  the first Asian artist to reach #1 on the German album chart.
Moderate Syrian opposition from China, Turkey and Central Asian and North African countries 
A Morning Consult poll released this week shows Bernie Sanders leading nationally among black, white, Hispanic and Asian American voters. 
Mm. Yes Asian lung receptors. Very science.
I am fucking irresistible that can weaked your soul and also i am NSFW which means Not Safe For Wallet Time to spoil me, give your money to the better hands, to my almighty hands Link on my bio • #finD mistress findom asian indonesia paypig finsub humanatm 
not new to nsfw but i turned 16 today!! val 16 5’5 dom/top bisexual (girls++) genderfluid (any pronouns) soft/hard kinks asian musician rt to be mutuals! and as your birthday gift for me :(( 
Mauryan or early Shunga era ringstone discovered from Thailand, dated from 3rd century BCE. This along with other finds suggests early historic India had contacts with Southeast Asian regions like Thailand. This would later led to Indianization of those regions in historic era. 
Green Day has canceled a series of Asian tour dates scheduled for early March, citing “health + travel concerns with coronavirus”  
COVID-19 is spreading from China. : I knew it! Dammit China! Let's avoid Chinese restaurants! Racism makes us safe! Asian folk have germs! And Italy. : So? I'm still gonna eat pizza. What's up Alessandro! High five Giuseppe! *touches face* Wash your hands? : No! 
Why order "elements," if coronavirus is a hoax,? Why cancel meetings with Asian leaders if virus is a hoax? Why are you lying, @realDonaldTrump  …
#JAEHYUN is nominated in LVL 2 of the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round poll  … Current Rank: #1 Jaehyun 50,72% (42,499 votes) The poll is almost closing, vote as many times as you can. #NCT127 
#JIN advances to level 3 battle of Starmometer's "100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020" poll! Just 1 step closer to winning the title! Level 2 was a close battle as he garnered 51% or 94,372 of votes! Congratulations! -H #BTS #BTSJIN #SEOKJIN #방탄진 #방탄소년단진 #ジン #金碩珍 
Once again our trailblazers have exemplified the core value of excellence in the Eastern Visayas Debate Championship 14 - Asian Parliamentary held at the UPVTC. Congratulations! 
Controlling the epidemic may require very difficult interventions, and cause considerable disruption, as we have seen in China and other Asian countries. Epidemiology is a set of methods that will allow us to refine our interventions, to zoom in on those that work best. 11/n
Hi fam. Just wanted to remind you all that 56,000 people die from the flu annually. Coronavirus, while a threat, is NOT at present causing the devastation of the flu. It is also not an excuse for institutionalized racism against asian persons.
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Ten vs Wen Junhui 
Yet Man Perseveres! 1. Third Cholera 1852-1860 2. Asian Flu 1957 3. Typhus fever in WWI 1945 4. Cocolitzli 1576 5. Plague of Justinian 541-542 6. Antonine 165-180 AD 7. The Third Plague 1855 8. The Black Death 1334 9. The Great Flu 1918 10. HIV/Aids 1960s – present  …
Jordan always throws subliminal messages around like crazy. He had a Asian bidder in Get Out as well. Asians were involved heavily and worked w whites in segregation. Nobody talks about it enough.
“Everybody knows this guy and his Asian girlfriend.” | “‘Black women never liked me cause I watched anime and was weird’ headass. But then are quick to dismiss the notion of female blerds.” | “That essay explains the haircut ngl.”
BREAKING: Trump has called off a meeting with Asian leaders next month in Vegas because coronavirus. I guess it's just a #hoax for Trump when American lives are at stake, but a serious threat when it's his own. The only real hoax is Trump and his deluded cult. #SaturdayThoughts
Fcking Asian ingenuity  …
Oh, just the thought of how enthusiastically Twitter would be rallying round a balding middle-aged white Oxbridge graduate if he'd precipitated the resignation of an Asian state-educated woman from the civil service.
army is the last fandom you should say "focus on your idol" to. we literally make our idol made it to grammys, charting #1 in 94 countries, the first ever asian act to chart #1 in europe charts, the first asian act to sold out certain stadiums, etc.  …
Asian upside down catfish Mystus leucophasis. This catfish independently evolved its upside down behavior from the various African upside down catfishes of the genus Synodontis.  …
Help - who am I supposed to be backing here? The white man who went to Nigel Farage's school or the Asian woman who went to  (Identity politics can be so confusing sometimes...)  …
'Mind-boggling hypocrisy' Hi, friends give us a shout out when you hear ... The #Metoo movement in the  out onto the streets to fight/support the case for a national inquiry into the scandal of how 'Asian' grooming gangs were able to operate with impunity... 
Ehsan Mani "The Asia Cup is organised for the benefit of all the Associate Members. We will take a decision keeping that in mind. A final decision on the venue will be taken bearing in mind the interests of all the Asian countries and we still have a few options" #Cricket
I’m deeply sorry to hear that 3 dear friends who are from black, asian & minority ethnic backgrounds resigned academic jobs this week. Our universities continue to support & strengthen a very white network. This is changing but structures hold. How many great minds must we lose?
Anti-Racism Campaign Day 2 Globally, East & SE Asian business―my fam inc'd―seen due in part to #coronavirus racism Show solidarity, visit yr local, share online #IWillEatwithYou #LoveChinatown #HateRacism RT @wearelazynative @Global_Origins @PapergangTC 
Good evening, BTS are the first Asian act to have a #1 album in US, UK, Germany, France, South Korea, Australia simultaneously in some of the world's biggest music market, the first group in 2020 to have the biggest album debut on Spotify Global 
asian glow beating my ass rn 
The lack of confirmed #COVID19 cases in some SE Asian nations is sparking alarm. A Southampton Uni study, based on flight data, showed Indonesia was likely to have had around 20-30 cases from before the #Wuhan lockdown. Doubts rising over test  …
#GodMorningSaturday Savior of the world is in India ! Savior will take birth in that country in Asian region which has an ocean by its name (Indian Ocean). - Nostradamus shocking Prophecy. Watch Sadhna T.V-7:30pm @SaintRampalJiM 
Dismayed to learn that their food was being translated as the “Asian flat croissant,” Malaysians working at Dominos Pizza recently released a cheeky ad touting the “Italian flat naan.”  …
ALLÁ VAMOS… MUMBAI !!!! #ELCHAPULINSOLO IN INDIA!!!!!!!! THIS TUESDAY, 03/03 IN antiSOCIAL #SIBERIEMETAITCONTEEE #MANUCHAO More info about the ASIAN TOUR in:  
ITS JUST PHLEGM IN HIS THROAT." And then I realize they're asian and she totally thinks that I think it's coronavirus and I wanted to be like I WASN'T TNINKING CORONAVIRUS OK I KNOW IT ISN'T I'M NOT RACIST I JUST DON'T WANT A COLD. ... Do you think she thinks I'm racist? 
[ENG SUB] Fluke Interviewing Scoop - Natouch & Today's Success in Studying  ฝากด้วยนะคะพี่ @Hello_asian ปรึกษาทาง DM ได้ตลอดน้าาา Pls wait for approval as usual #เจ้าแก้มก้อน #UWMAseries #FlukeGraduationday #fluke_natouch 
I might looks cute but 100% will drain your bank dry and kick your balls after • #finD mistress findom asian indonesia • 
More here: "Tactless government representatives responded by saying that [PH] History is already integrated in other Araling Panlipunan (AP) subjects such as Asian History. There was no need to make it redundant since it is already taught in elementary."  …
Working closely with Sometime by Asian Designers for the past 2 years has brought great delight. Both collabs before have reflected my personality and sense of style flawlessly, and I am excited to bring you the 3rd collection this 5th March 2020! #Lofarclutch 
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 – Taeyong and Porsche Advance to Level 3 Battles 
The Gersh Agency has signed @iHrithik the goal here is to introduce him to Hollywood n create projects to shoot in India! HR working closely with UNICEF! Sexiest Asian man of the decade by UK’s Eastern Eye! Top 20 Most Influential Celebrities in India by Forbes! 
PCB chief Ehsan Mani says no final decision on Dubai being the Asia Cup venue,Asia Cup is organised for the benefit of the Associate Members.A final decision will be taken bearing in mind the interests of all the Asian countries. We have a few options,” (Indian Express)
ARIA CHARTS RESULTS ALBUM #1 Map of the Soul:7 by @BTS_twt BTS became the first artist to release an album in Asian language to top the ARIA album charts in 2019 with MOTS: persona. In 2020 they have backed it up to top the charts again!! Be proud Aussie ARMY
Chr*s Ev*ns: - ugly - c*ptain am*rikkka - stans israel - same name as like 5 other amerikan actors - an imperialist basically Leonid Kharitonov: - actually talented - gorgeous - not amerikan - honourary asian - invented world peace - a virgo
here’s me as the brunette asian 13th Doctor that no one asked for but I’m giving you bc i kinda felt cute !! will delete later xoxo 
need asian woman to break my heart
Don't panic over the Corona virus It got a late start; viruses spread much faster in the winter The severity seems to be tied to a gene found in Asian males For most people, it amounts to a lingering chest cold Those who should worry; elderly and those with breathing issues 
The CCP couldn't contain the civil unrest contagion of the Hong Kong protests so they allowed the virus to be released. Why not release it in Hong Kong? Too obvious. Notice how we don't see the protests in the headlines anymore.
My Asian, 16 year old daughter works for a major drug store chain. A customer didn’t want her to ring up/touch her things bc she didn’t want to get “sick.” Should her manager have spoken up for her?
Didn't @realDonaldTrump just tell everyone at the #TrumpRallyCharleston that the #coronavirus was just a " #hoax" created by the Democrats to make him look bad? So why cancel an Asian summit? STOP LYING, IMPOTUS !!! #ResignTrump... you're only going to lose in November 
just a reminder as #coronavirus fears reach a fever pitch paper masks are useless and scam artists abound selling them wash your hands wash your hands wash your hands taking your fears and hatred out on innocent  isn't going to keep you any safer
If somebody want to know Starfire: afro latina Cyborg: black Raven: south asian-indigenous Beast boy: east asian Dick: mestizo latino
Trump calls COVID-19 a media and Democratic Party "hoax" at his rally, but at the same time has canceled the summit of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in Las Vegas, 3/14, and a White House visit by Austria’s chancellor 3/3, because of COVID-19.  …
Below images show what actress #LiuYiFei supports: POLICE BRUTALITY IN HONG KONG. Go ahead and watch #Mulan and lie to yourself about how great to have Asian representation in Hollywood. I am still standing with Hong Kong. #StandWithHongKong 
"Tonight, white nationalists and their fans gathered to listen to speeches from a Mexican and an Asian"  …
Asian-Americans, the fastest-growing racial group in the U.S., have  a key Democratic constituency, but Trump is courting them, too 
Elizabeth Warren has failed to build a diverse coalition. She has not shown she has the ability to unify the different demographics of the party. Bernie Sanders is the only candidate who is bringing people together: Black and white and Latino, Native American, Asian' 
Asian ghosts never wear hair ties
#BTS make history  the 1st Asian Act to top the Snep Album chart in France after selling 23,502 equivalent units of their brand new album #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_7 ! @BTS_twt  
Wellll... let's ask him... Why did you @realDonaldTrump cancel Las Vegas Asian Conference if coronavirus is a Hoax? You should go and PROVE it's a Hoax.
Here are some useful tips to avoid getting infected by the coronavirus. 1. Don't be Asian. Most of the victims are Asian. If you are not Asian, stay that way. If you are Asian, try to be less Asian. If you have a name like Chen or something try going by Mike for awhile.
ATTENTION!! Going to an Asian restaurant or store will not give you the coronovirus! There's some whack fake news going around AND I WILL HAVE NONE OF IT. Support your local Asian businesses Today I went to Ktown to have some delicious lamb skewers at Feng Mao. 
Please don’t use the coronavirus as an excuse to be racist against Asian people. And IF you’re gonna be suspicious of anyone during this time, it should be white people. They’re the ones that don’t wash their hands.
Asian American lawmakers are calling on colleagues to halt the spread of rumors tied to coronavirus, in an effort to curb xenophobia. “The best way to stop the spread of coronavirus is to wash your hands, not perpetuate racist stereotypes” 
Everybody knows this guy and his Asian girlfriend.
[DAILY REMINDER] Remember to vote for JAEHYUN in STARMOMETER’S 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round LVL 2. Voting ends TONIGHT at 11pm KST. JAEHYUN is currently in 1st place but the gap is small. Make sure to vote to help widen the gap. #NCT127 #JAEHYUN @NCTsmtown_127  
I downloaded the tiktok app just to share this with you exo-ls CHOOSE YOUR ASIAN BOY #EXO 
If the virus is a hoax as trump tells his followers , why did he cancel an Asian conference in Las Vegas for next month due to the Coronavirus?
This is sudden: “The United States will postpone a meeting with leaders of Southeast Asian countries it planned to host on March 14 amid concerns about the spread of the coronavirus”  …
The record low China PMI data just in suggest that our East Asian Institute Commentary is in the ballpark. We project a hit to China's Quarter 1 2020 GDP growth of minus 2.0 to minus 6.5. [h/t to @RobBar88 for correction]  
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Mingyu vs Jungkook We will vote in 11 hours Try to do better... Choose 1 in 2:  …  … #Jungkook #JeonJungKook #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク
The Koreans  Asian football is ON! #SUWJDT #ACL2020  
"The only physical trace of Shine Energy, which wants to build a $2bn coal-fired power station in north Queensland, is a small post office box next to an Asian grocer at a suburban Brisbane  writes Smee & Butler Sounds suss as  …
I'm in need of New York-based Asian or Asian-American actors/performers who identify  from a  background. As far as I know, the theater world doesn't have a system for finding such folks, so Twitter is my only hope.
what's the point in recording yourself crying and tagging avril for her to see? she's probably feeling like the worst human on earth for cancelling the european/asian dates, she really wanted to see y'all there and y'all just don't understand this is for a fcking virus w no cure
Some southeast Asian countries are trying to please China by not detecting cases of the #coronavirus . How dangerous. China first before their countrymen  …
when kayla finds out tom likes asian women 
NEW: Trump admin telling everyone the coronavirus is nothing to fear so why did Trump admin just cancel "a major summit of Asian leaders next month in Las Vegas amid growing alarm over the coronavirus"?!  …
I hope our generation breaks the stigma against mental health in the  god forbid our kids suffer in silence like us for the sake of others and this includes normalising that men have feelings and should be able to vocalise them without judgment from others.
Y’all don’t have to like Alyssa Chang but I really hope you understand how important seeing someone like her in a tvdu show is. Not only is she the only asian rep for 3 shows, she’s a fleshed out, flawed and interesting character. She will always be important to me.
The Trump admin. has called off a major summit of Asian leaders next month in Las Vegas amid growing alarm over the coronavirus, 2 U.S. officials tell @NBCNews. 
BREAKING: Trump admin postpones Asian summit in Las Vegas amid coronavirus fears  … via @nbcnews
Hi! Name's Winn, I'm an mph, health policy advocate & law student. This gif shows my desire to give a hug to the Chinese & broader  esp small business owners & workers who are experiencing low customer turnout due to coronavirus infused fear. Nice to meet y'all! 
The Trump administration has cancelled a meeting with Southeast Asian leaders, and a visit by Austria’s chancellor, due the coronavirus outbreak. Wait till @seanhannity finds out Trump is part of the deep state and is needlessly cancelling meetings to make Trump look bad.
i'm so moved to meet asian diaspora readers, queer asian diaspora readers. i've met you all over the us & in the uk, in nz. you exist. it's  absurd, that white profs & classmates ever tried to tell me, "there aren't many readers for this," meaning the work i most want to do
what does it mean for someone like me, queer & asian american—for *me* to assume a reader who is like me? i'm so used to being told not to do that, because it'd be "too specific." meanwhile white cishet men get to claim that "the reader" automatically = someone like them
Help me out: Are there any predominately Asian American churches that are fully affirming — no restrictions whatsoever? I’ve only got 2 on my list, both in nyc: H:AN Methodist (Korean, in Upper Manhattan) and Grace Alice Fellowship (Chinese in NYC Chinatown), both churchplants
what is the quiet yet handsome asian boy on the subway across from you listening to on his headphones.... ("doom 2016 ost") what is he thinking...... (role i would play after the global pandemic, expectation: "warrior", reality: "roadside corpse")
I went to the post office to do some stuff... and I started HELLA sneezing. Like... 5x in a row. Eyes watery & nose running. Everyone in line looked at me like they saw Thanos ready to eliminate half the universe's population. Bring Asian with terrible allergies sucks right now.
Get ready for the New Asian World Order whitey!  
Green Day have cancelled their  Asian tour  
Totally F-ed up thing done to my 2-yo daughter @children’s museum. She’s 1/2 Asian & started playing tea party w/ another girl. That mom asked our nanny about my daughter’s ethnicity. When told 1/2-VN, the mom grabbed the cup from my daughter, threw it at her face and yelled
how bts an asian non english speaking act bullying everybody in the western industry that get all the privelages such as bundles, radioplay and promo? its just so funny to me. 
being SE asian, i lowk don’t even know all of them... AHAHA  …
New national poll from Morning Consult has @BernieSanders leading every racial demographic: Asian-American voters: Sanders 34% Bloomberg 21% Biden 14% Buttigieg 11% Warren 10% White voters: Sanders 30% Bloomberg 18% Biden 17% Buttigieg 13% Warren 12%  …
Asian parents when  at them w logic in an argument:  …
Please add Asian voters too. Though, we are small percentage but I am sure there are lot of Asians who go for @SenSanders @fshakir
Funny how 35 years of relentlessly pursuing filmmaking every day starting in the 1980s with no money learning every aspect of the craft when I couldn't get a date as a nerdy asian guy much less a job is dismissed as "luck." Apply yourself. No excuses.  …
I'm looking for a voice actress with an Asian accent, please message me your rates. I'm preparing a Kickstarter with a small voice-acting stretch goal, and am collecting rate quotes for an accurate cost projection. #voiceactor #voiceacting #voiceover #voiceactress 
Man, these producers sure can do all types of gymnastics when  to finding ways to not putting a cool Asian dude in a movie.  …
we live in a world where BTS, an Asian group from Korea who owns TWO best, biggest & fastest selling album WORLDWIDE, which the recent one sold 4M copies from pre-sales, 2.6M copies on the first day of sales, went #1 in United States, United Kingdom, Germany, France et cetera...
Yes, exactly. Surreal 'no #coronavirus cases, what are you talking about?' stance of several SE Asian countries - including #Indonesia, #Myanmar, & #Laos -defies belief. Gov'ts must do reality based planning, not wishful thinking, when dealing with  …
South Asian American Organizations Condemn Violence in Delhi: read our statement  … @IAMCouncil @EqualityLabs @Hindus4HR @SadhanaHindus @desiqdiaspora @SakhiNYC @SASIinNYC @students @Holi_A_H @brcg_rohingya @sikh_coalition @DesisRisingUp @SALDEF 
This is a much more effective way to protect yourself from Corona virus than anti-asian racism fyi  …
one time there were a bunch of moms at my house so I took the opportunity to promote taemin and one just shouts “wow! He’s really muscular for an asian man” 
“BTS is making history in a number of territories today, as their new album is quickly breaking barriers and reaching No. 1 in places where Korean acts, or perhaps even any Asian artists, have ever ruled.” @BTS_twt  …
Rankings: 1. Black Queens 2. Latina Girls 3. Asian Girls 4. Animals 5. another dude 6. White girls 7. Fat bitches
This is what a multiracial coalition powered by the people looks like. @BernieSanders is winning 51% of Latinos, 38% of African Americans, and 37% of Asian Americans in the Golden State.  …
i get what you’re saying but her post were racist towards black and asian people and her fans are really on some get over it and they weren’t even the ones effected
when I tell ppl on twitter that I’m not asian:  …
Myanmar remains hugely important for India. The naval visit last week again focused attention on the role of India and China in the Southeast Asian state, even though New Delhi’s weakness lies more in non-security realms, points out 
Avoiding Chinese restaurants, crossing to street to not walk past someone with Asian appearance and now this stupidity from the US...what was that about there's no panic?  …
Asian American lawmakers called on their colleagues and the American public not to spread "xenophobia" or "rumors" in their response to the coronavirus outbreak.  …
There are very few Asian American women full professors in creative writing. It feels truly weird sometimes to say I’m one of them. So hey: if any assistant or associate profs of color in our field need someone else to turn to for advice, I’m happy to help.  …
man idc if it’s meant for an Asian audience, Tupac songs were based off his struggles which originated due to his race! this production is a mess and y’all are silencing black people who are upset but swear they’re doing it FOR black people gtfo 
Rock band Green Day called off the Asian portion of its  world tour because of coronavirus concerns. K-pop band #BTS earlier cancelled four shows in Seoul scheduled for April  
Best and worst time to be Asian in America rn
An Asian lady just bowed to me. It felt amazing. I wonder if that’s how it feels the first time you are given an enthusiastic hi-five by an American.
it’s really frustrating seeing armys (excluding seokjinnies) underestimating jins popularity when it’s so evident in countries like brazil and asian countries
More on #COVID19 - American airline United announced that they will reduce flights to Asian countries starting March, in light of #COVID19 outbreak in several countries. Flights to Tokyo, Osaka and Singapore will be reduced and flights to Seoul will be operated by smaller 
I’m scared to stream again because the last time I did I had multiple  in telling me I’m an ugly Asian and I should kill myself for spreading the corona virus in their country. I can’t visit my dying grandpa in Korea because of this virus you’re associating me with.
AN ASIAN BOY GROUP IS PREDICTED TO DEBUT #1 ON BILLBOARD 200 WITH 400K+ SALES WITH A KOREAN-LANGUAGE ALBUM AND NO BUNDLES. WESTERN INDUSTRY LOOKING LIKE FOOLS #BTS @BTS_twt
Why it gotta be Asian to cater to the audience lmaoooo something SMELLSSSSSSSSS and plus since when do they care about our problems lmaooo 
Yup, flashback to “Why is she Asian.” Unfortunately, I feel like this is something workshop teachers need to set norms about. Like, ok before we get started, characters who are not white, cis, straight, & abled get to just *exist* in fiction
227 people expressing that they want their Asian cartoon to be better than another Asian cartoon, while  racist to Asians  …
“Its for an Asian audience” is code for they ain’t trynna see no n*ggas  …
Green Day have postponed their Asian tour dates due to health and travel concerns with coronavirus 
This is the definition of political confirmation bias @MikeBloomberg - the nearly 4 years of market growth has nothing to do with @realDonaldTrump, but the one bad week is all on him. Incidentally, European and Asian markets are down as well. Is that also Trump’s fault?  …
The “it’s meant for an Asian audience” really hit me some type of way So they can’t portray a person’s life as it’s meant to be portrayed, realistically and positively, unless they erase his race from the equation? None of his life or music makes sense if he’s randomly Asian.
Notable omissions: -Paul Boateng with Diane & Bernie -Keith Vaz, first British Asian MP -Any European election -1997 landslide -Landmark no. of women MPs -Good Friday Agreement -Devolution The video is good, but the skewing is too obvious. If you will skew, be subtle.  …
“Map of the Soul: 7 debuts at No. 1,  the first album by an Asian artist to rule in Germany, according to   the ranking itself.” @BTS_twt #BTS  …
I'm available for TV staffing! Here's my #WGAStaffingBoost along w/ my favorite Asian lady @Swear_Trek GIFs. I'm a sci-fi action drama #writer of TV, short films, & plays. Check out my writing samples at my @WGAWest profile:  … 
“A positive light” can’t involve any black actors, if it’s portraying a real-life person who actively spoke on discrimination & racial issues? + no empathy when Asian characters are regularly whitewashed or erased in Hollywood?
fav quotes: “It’s made for an Asian audience with an Asian cast, therefore it’s tinkered” - black actors unpalatable to a Korean audience? “Y’all can’t get that race card out of your head” - Tupac spoke about racial issues “Y’all are stuck in the past” -it’s a historical figure
It's easy to say & type the words "first asian" but to grasp the scope, the impact, the gravity of it. Phew. For example, the german album charts exist since 1962 and not a single asian act from any country in Asia achieved that. It took 58 years. BTS did that #EuropeIsPurple
Corona virus is mostly in Asian countries. Not wanting to die = 'hateful agenda and conspiracy theories' to the ADL.  …
Agree. This article is an incoherent mess - essentially treats any EM support for Cons as evidence of bigotry or false consciousness & in long discussion of migration history somehow omits to mention Con PM Edward Heath's support for Ugandan Asian refugees.  …
A GLOBAL phenomenon, biggest asian act of all time @BTS_twt biggest group in the 
“If Trump puts a muzzle on the CDC or NIH scientists and doctors from informing the public about Coronavirus, fret not. Watch NPR, BBC, ASIAN NEWS, Al Jazeera and put it together yourself. No  out of trump-thing's criminal cronie kabal”. ~ Liz Lerner
Since the outbreak of #Coronavirus, there’s been a surge in reports of discrimination and violence against Asian Americans across the country. @ADL’s Max Sevilla joins @CAPAC today to confront the spread of xenophobia and misinformation on 
Rankings: 1. Latina Girls 2. White Girls 3. Asian Girls 4. Fat Bitches 5. Animals 6. A Nigga 7. Black Girls
For Asian "growth miracle" countries, industrialization-led structural change was a key mechanism. But such rapid and sustained industrialization may not be available anymore in today's environment. 
Still can’t believe I got to write this in a studio script. What a time to be Asian in Hollywood. 
like camila had a whole tumblr page filled with racial slurs not only against the  but the  and then she joked about chris brown abusing rihanna up there too. sis was being hella aggressive for it to be an “oopsie i was ignorant and young”
1. Wash your hands for at least 20 seconds with soap and warm water. 2. Don’t touch your face. 3. Anti-Asian racism won’t save you from Coronavirus. 4. Give Native People their LAND BACK. 5. Resist, Rest, Resist. 6. Meditate on the fact that  things decay.
I also want to say this. Black people don’t get to be bigoted toward Asians because of coronavirus. I know that there are tensions between various  and Black people. We need to address this. PERIOD. Lateral oppression is a thing and we need solidarity.
Pink, a 55 year old female Asian elephant died Wednesday at the Zoo de Sapucaia do Sul in Southern Brazil. She left this world surrounded by humans, but hasn't had  for several years. She first arrived at the zoo in the 1970s. 
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 – Alden Richards and Kim Seokjin Advance to Level 3 Battles 
Map of The Soul: 7 made BTS the first Asian act to debut #1 album in France and Germany, 7 is BTS's second album to debut #1 and became the biggest debut of 2020 so far in UK, projected for #1 in United States..... this is what you mean by WORLD DOMINATION 
Just...quit with the panic, ok? As someone who is visibly Asian, who lost a close family member to a similar virus in the past (an event I have never written about and never will), all of this is fucking upsetting, so stop.
Italian Albums #3 MOTS: 7 (debut) Italian Singles #53 ON (feat. Sia) (debut) This is a new peak for BTS for an Asian Act! #VoteBTS #KCA @BTS_twt
Who wants to give me a column to write about teaching/reading/writing Asian American literature?
My family and I are going to Chinatown in NYC to eat dim sum tonight and we are going to K Town for Korean barbecue Sunday and shopping groceries at H Mart. What are your plans to support Asian businesses?  …
BTS has just  the first Asian act to reach No. 1 on the German albums chart. For context, Germany is the fourth-largest music market in the world, behind only the U.S., Japan and the U.K. #BTS #BTS #MapOfTheSoul7  …
If 38% of Americans wouldn't buy Corona beer because of the coronavirus, imagine how many Americans are racist against Asian people because of the coronavirus too. Fear and ignorance often lead to violence, as history has painfully shown time and time again.
Asian American Journalists lAssociation ( @aaja ) releases statement for media to “exercise care in coverage” of #coronavirus such as images of Asians in masks w/out context Only show Chinatown if directly related to a news story Use of “Wuhan virus”  
2) First, a look at what happened at Bellevue College. The Asian Pacific Islanders Student Association, as the Times piece explains, put together a mural representation of the old  in Bellevue, there long before it became a mostly white suburb of Seattle. 
People are avoiding a Mexican beer because it has the same name as an Asian virus & slamming a country singer who wore the jersey of a football player that had the same name as a Presidential candidate. Ladies & gentlemen, we are living in the Golden Age of Stupidity.
The original video is not for yall broke boys, keep drooling with this censored vid like a pathetic boy you are Or send $75 to access all of my nudes on @hellakinky4u • #finD mistress findom asian indonesia • 
Figures released show fewer than 140 profs identify as Black, among a total of 21000 profs in the UK. 1,360 identify as Asian, &more than 2,000 classify as other. 85% identified as white. It's not a lack of experts of color, it's racism. 
Coming back from Italy I felt really sorry for the  It is not okay. They are regular human people and there is no need to treat them like animals. What I witnessed this past week was not okay!  …
Approximately 30% of the Asian Americans polled here can get get absolutely fucked. This is me calling in not calling out.  …
Asian-Americans and Pacific Islanders were a reliable voting bloc for Republicans. But as their numbers have grown, they have turned further to the left, due in part to Republicans’ increasingly restrictionist immigration agenda, according to polling. 
If you’re afraid to eat at Asian restaurant or drink Corona beer please go smack yourself in the face in any mirror that’s currently available.
Even if Youtube tried to sabotage our cb they failed cuz bts became the first asian act to have #1 album in belgium,france,ireland,Nl,germany,biggest debut ever for an asian act with 3m sales n predicted to be #1 on bb200 with 300k pure sales highest for an act this year,95 #1,+
ODI Win% in last 5 years IND - 65.48% BAN - 50.64% PAK - 48.42% AFG - 43.58% SL - 33% (least by an Asian team) IND won 74 matches (Most by an Asian team). SL won 34 matches (Least by an Asian team). SL lost 63 matches (Most by an Asian team) #Cricket
Irish Singles #22 ON (debut) Irish Albums #1 MOTS: 7 (debut) Irish Independent Albums #1 MOTS: 7 (debut) #12 MOTS: Persona (44 weeks) BTS is the first Asian Act to get #1 in the Irish Albums Chart! #BTSARMY #BestFanArmy #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
WAITWAIT I SAW SOMEONE ON THE TL W A GREAT IDEA. FUCKING UPLOAD THAT SHIT TO PORNHUB THEY DONT DELETE VIEWS, ITS A WINWIN, WE GET VIEWS AND HORNY PEOPLE GET HOT ASIAN MEN
At @CPAC they think Coronavirus is a big hoax, but I bet if an Asian person in a surgical mask walked in to the convention hall you'd see a thousand mobility scooters racing for the exit like it was the INDY 500.
[ @BTS_twt x @snep ] ‘Map Of The Soul : 7’ is debuting at #1 on the French chart (SNEP) Top Album with 23 502 copies Congratulations to all our Baguette ARMYs ! #BTS are the first Asian artists to achieve this !! 
MOTS:7 on the album charts (so far) #1 Belgium-F* France* Germany (first Asian band) Netherlands* #2 Belgium-W (1st BTS album in top 10) Norway (highest peak) #3 Sweden (2nd top 3 album) *first #BTS album to do so Great job #BTSARMY Congrats @BTS_twt!
Norway Albums #2 MOTS: 7 (debut) This has been the highest peak for an Asian Act (LY: Tear also got #2). #BTSARMY #BestFanArmy #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
mots:7, a whole korean album, debuted #1 on france, netherlands, and germany making bts the first ASIAN act to do so. yeah absolutely nobody else is touching them.
Map of the Soul: 7 has debuted at #1 in France! This is @BTS_twt's FIRST ever #1 album in France, and also first ever for an Asian act. 
BTS is the first Asian Act to get #1 in the French Albums Chart! #VoteBTSGlobal #KCA  …
Hey y'all! We need your help for an  episode. As the coronavirus has spread from China across the globe, we’ve been watching Asians & Asian Americans report cases of xenophobic/racist harassment. If you've experienced this, we want to hear your stories. (1/2)
Something that I’m doing, and that I invite others to do as you’re able, is to visit/order from your local Asian owned Asian restaurants. I plan on doing my family’s next several meals this way. You don’t have to be extra, just show solidarity by showing up.
MOTS:7 has already or is set to hit #1 on national charts in Germany, Great Britain, Poland, Belgium, Netherlands, Denmark... If you ever told me before an Asian act can achieve this sort of success in Europe, I'd laugh in your face
They really did it! #BTS are the new #1 in the Official German Album Charts. Congratulations to the band (first Asian pop band on #1) and their Army! "Ordinary Man"  in 2nd place. @ger_unite_bts @BTS_GER @BTS_twt @bangtan_germany 
lol surprise! v happy to be @galdemzine’s new theatre columnist. excited to champion work by black, brown, and east asian theatremakers  …
. @BTS_twt's Map of the Soul: 7 debuts at #1 on the Belgian Albums Chart BTS is first Asian Act to get #1 in the Belgium Albums Chart #BoywithLuv #BestMusicVideo 
Boybands with the most albums on the Dutch Album Charts: #1 - Backstreet Boys (10) #2 - @BTS_twt (9) #3 - One Direction (5) BTS is the first and only Asian act to chart more than one album in the Netherlands.
Dutch Top Singles #51 ON (feat. Sia) (debut) Dutch Top Albums #1 MOTS: 7 (debut) BTS is first Asian Act to get #1 in the Dutch Albums Chart! #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
At a time when the environment we live in feels increasingly hostile, work like our own #BBIngoma, @watson_dance's #Windrush & now @PhoenixLeeds #BlackWaters are more important than ever to give voice to black and Asian history:  …
Congrats @BTS_twt for scoring your first #1 Album in the Netherlands. Im pretty sure you're the first Asian artist doing so. I hope you feel our love and support for you.
My little cousins (very smol) look a little bit Asian so kids were hitting them at school saying the Chinese mustn't be here. Look what adults are teaching their kids
Chinese Embassy says flights from the Asian nation won’t enter Kenya ‘until further notice’  …
Ah another one of those ultra intelligent Asian Madrid fans that think every Liverpool fan is called a scouser  …
1/2 In the wake of the Corona virus there has been an increase in attacks on people from East and South East Asia. From Fri 28th February to Sun 1st March, we are supporting the #IWillEatWithYou campaign to help East and South East  and their local businesses. 
the asian financial crisis in 1998 was under DSAI watch as finance minister. and just like 1998, his main prescription to the ailing economy was to make him PM. lol!  …
What’s interesting about my experience is that, the whole panicked public situation happened after more patients got confirmed in northern Italy. But the last time I went to Italy was November 2018. So why are you guys being racists at me? Just because I’m chinese? Or Asian?
Immediately boarded on the tube, she walked the opposite way from that Asian woman, but poor her, there was me. She put her hand down when she boarded, and as soon as she saw me, guess what, she used her hand to cover her mouth and nose again.
28/02/2020 I went to my campus to print out some materials and had a chat with my fellow phds and my supervisor. On my way back home. Another youngish look white woman was standing behind an Asian woman when waiting on the platform. She covered her mouth and nose with her hand.
The Asian Football Confederation’s (AFC) Competitions Committee has announced that #AlHilal‘s match against Uzbekistan’s “Pakhtakor” will be postponed, which was scheduled to be played next Tuesday at #ACL2020 
My report on immigration detention in South Korea has just been published @migradetention. In drawing attention to Asian border regimes, my aim is not to exonerate the Global North, but to show how capital is the handmaiden of the fundamentally exclusionary nation-state system.  …
Yesterday I bid my son bon voyage as we parted in Oslo. He’s off on an Asian adventure, 18 years old on his own Not the best timing I know, but he’s been planning it since he was 15. Trying to get him to tweet about his travels but he thinks no one would be interested. Would you?
It's actually rather surreal, regarding the coronavirus thing, as it's being used by reactionaries to justify extreme racism against Asian people, but also since the US government is trying to not do anything about it, conservatives have to argue that it's not a threat.
Legends only... (Award for Figure in Asian Film) #SonYeJin 
DRIVER ANNOUNCEMENT | Christian Olsen joins Fortec Motorsport in BRDC British F3! The 23-year old Dane drove in the Asian le Mans Series last year (LMP3). 
Back in 1928, renowned physicist, Sir C.V. Raman came up with a groundbreaking discovery, namely ' #RamanEffect.' We salute the first Asian & Indian to have garnered the Nobel Prize for #Physics for his research & contribution to India and the world. 
"It has always been exhausting to be Asian in America, but at the moment we’re particularly on edge, wary of being the target of the next hate crime or racist jeer." – 
Completely wrong - India's citizenship laws have not been changed, only the path to citizenship for aliens has been - Lautenberg-type. And it isnt for "hindus and South Asian faiths" only, unless x-tianity/zoroastrianism r south asian. No wonder the foreign media has no creds..  …
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 – Edward Barber and BamBam Advance to Level 3 Battles MORequest MeantToBe #VJEdwardBarberOnMYX @Barber_Edward_  …
15M Twitter Trend For @imrealasim John Cena Posted For Him Bohemia Supported Him 24th Asian Sexiest Man 4th Biz Aisa TV Personality 2019 Working With Jacqueline Fernandez T-Series Also Offered Him Multiple Songs According To Shuklians: Credit Goes to Billionaire 
armys.. asian armys.. uk armys.. african armys.. european armys.. italian armys.. etc. we badly need your help. please unite with us now. please.
Taiwan used the typical East Asian model of Interventionists and Free Market policies. To increase stockpiles of the most needed  in the world today. And sti finding a way to keep the economy moving and productive. Wartime economic strategies  Corona Virus
"Sectarian tensions have surged since December when Mr Modi’s government amended the country’s citizenship laws, incorporating religious criteria for the first time and giving Hindus and followers of other south Asian faiths priority over Muslims."  …
Hey, ya'll like martial arts movies right? Well, here's your chance to make the action #RPG of your dreams. The qualifications? 1. You must be Asian 2. Do your OWN version of Martial Arts and what it means to you #AsianMartialArtsJam  …
Having done research in Uganda & Kenya on the plight of the Asian Communities in the early 70s I can confirm that Idi Amin would totally agree with the spirit of this article. This is where identity politics ends up.  …
He looks like the local Asian-American college student I’m — 
#UPDATE Asian and European equities spiral downwards, extending a collapse in world markets as the #coronavirus spreads rapidly around the world  
why do asian parents give the "i sacrificed a lot for you" as a valid argument you make your children sound like a fucking liability
I asked my husband if he’d ever imagined having an Asian grandma in his adult life & when he said “no” I was bummed but then he said “wouldn’t it be weird if I said ‘Yes, ever since I was 12’” & he’s right. I stand corrected on this one.
ASIAN ARMYS AND EUROPEAN ARMYS DROP PURPLE HEARTS IF YOU'RE STREAMING #ONGlobalParty
Beautifully sculpted Jina head from 10th century CE , Gujarat . Note the beautiful sunburst so distinctive & attractive . Now at Mathew Barton's European & Asian works of art , London. Request to @MinOfCultureGoI to kindly acquire it as it is sacred & belongs to 
Andy’s followed are bigots and racists. He tacitly endorses this behavior, even as a gay Asian man, which includes homophobic and anti-Asian slurs. [cw: slurs] 
The decline in equity markets nothing less but impressive. In size but also in speed. Most stock markets are down 10%+ in 5-6 trading days. Also interestingly to see that the list of top decline holds ZERO Asian indices. 
srisaket makes his long awaited ring return in April and ASBC asian championship gold medalist turnsynbai Kulakhmet makes his pro debut on the the 28th March ! 
Lofarclutch, another exquisite collaboration with artisan designers from Sometime by Asian Designer. So excited to bring you another collection this 5th March 2020. Enjoy a little sneak peek #LofarBySometime #Lofarclutch 
Why is that when you study South Asian history you do "area studies" but when you study Europe or the US it's just History?
"South Asian", "Secular", "Ganga-Jamuni", "Syncretic" :- all these are vacuous phrases whose sole aim is to fool Hindus into giving an equal berth to Muslims. Deny them. Muslims are no where equal to Hindus. They never were, they never will be. Do not use these phrases.
เสริจเจอสิ่งนี้ 5555 I’ve always wondered: why many people in Asian countries wear masks  … Why don't Westerners use surgical masks when they get sick, like Asians  …
San Francisco police arrest man accused of filming attack on Asian man collecting recyclables 
Finally, an actual Asian person will star in 'Kung Fu.'  …
I loved that linen Clacton & Frinton suit c.1986. Until the dry cleaners gave the pants to a small Asian man and I never saw them again.
. @GreenDay are pushing back their Asian tour dates 
It was on this day in 1928 that Sir C.V. Raman announced his path-breaking discovery of the phenomenon of the scattering of light, known as the ‘Raman Effect’. He was honoured with the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1930, making him the first Asian to win the honour for any science
In case anyone forgot that my family is asian, I just got home and found my dad listening to live orchestral performances of the Spirited Away soundtrack
India and Myanmar sign 10 agreements with a focus on the socio-economic development of the southeast Asian nation  … via @narendramodi
MOBB is confirmed for Day 2 Lineup of Asian Sound Syndicate! Are y’all ready, WINKON stans?!?!!!  …
2. You can visit books by the great generals of the past. You can find stories of Native American war Chiefs. There's the Asian military leaders, especially those in the more distant past, who had a great grasp of emotion in warfare. There's the Greeks, Romans and, the Jews!
Speaking of Sanya,  to your mind first? Coconuts, beaches, or the blue sky? The answer is the Sixth Asian Beach Games 2020!  the aerial team which presents a fantastic night show. Well, See Ya in Sanya! 
asian guys get curved by girls who are out of their league and listen to keshi exclusively for hours
[SCHEDULE] #MINO will perform on DAY 2 of Asian Sound Syndicate Vol. 2 festival! #ASSVol2 #WINNER @official_mino_  …
I don’t think k-army/asian fans are the ones privileged here
tell me why my peer review partner read my essay and said “i dont agree with your topic but your essay is well written” SIR I WROTE ABOUT RACISM AGAINST ASIAN PEOPLE??? YOU DONT AGREE??? THAT RACISM?? EXISTS?? AGAINST ASIANS????? also yes he was
I heard that we need some more brown skin Southeast Asian representation? Lets start a thread. Cambodian 
[ #ASSvol2] Are you ready? The rundown for Asian Sound Syndicate Vol. 2 is out and we have 7 artists to be announced in phase 2 Tickets available via @tiket Tell us your guesses and hopes in the reply! More info:  … Brought to you by 
1. Wash your hands for at least 20 seconds with soap and warm water. 2. Don’t touch your face. 3. Anti-Asian racism won’t save you from Coronavirus. 4. Give Native People’s their LAND BACK. 5. Resist, Rest, Resist. Writing lists is always enjoyable.
[!!] #MINO included in Day 2 lineup for Asian Sound Syndicate Festival in Jakarta. He will perform on August 30!! #송민호 @official_mino_  
That the daily racist violence I experienced as an Asian American girl was racism (a xenophobic strand, but still racism). Also, that racism is not simply interpersonal bullying. I wanted the language to analyze systems. I am so excited that you're writing this book! THANK YOU!
I’m Asian guys  
Asian stock markets fall further on virus fears after Wall Street endured its biggest one-day drop in nine years. Tokyo's benchmark fell by 3.4 percent and Shanghai, Hong Kong and Seoul all dropped by more than 2 percent. 
San Francisco Asian Americans are READY for President Warren! So happy to have @DavidChiu @PhilTing @NormanYeeSF @jeanquan @raybesq and so many DCCC candidates with us in Chinatown 
ASIAN ARMYS ARE SOMETHING ELSE WHEN IT COMES TO STREAMING. LET US PROVE THEM IT'S RIGHT! 90 MILLION VIEWS, HERE WE COME!!! 
#OnThisDay back in 1995 @JanetJackson performs her 2nd sellout show at the Singapore Indoor Stadium. This is the second Asian leg of the tour before embarking on the mass hysteria, sellout shows and incredible reviews across Europe! The ‘janet.’ world tour ran for 123 shows! 
A lot of panels lack gender and racial diversity. It you’re struggling to find WOC, I am a South Asian female almost-lawyer knowledgeable in social justice, privacy, tech, mental health, intersectional feminism, litigating algorithms, oral advocacy, mooting and more. Hit me up.
It's already my third time seeing Parasite and I still find fresh little details that make me love it even more. #ThePLAN is to watch it a few more times on #GlobeViu among other amazing Korean films. #ForTheLoveOf Asian Cinema, aja! Check it out now:  
Update: 20 yr old Dwayne Grayson of #SF arrested for robbing and attacking older Asian man in #Bayview Video of crime went viral Faces charges of robbery, elder abuse, probation violation, hate crime enhancement ⁦ @SFPD⁩ 
Less than 7000 Black, 10,000 Latinx & 1000 Asian voters have voted so far. More than 10 times the number of BIPOC will vote in South Carolina. Black voters are not low information voters. @CaccioppoliMike is another typical racist Bernie  …
Hot FFun of the Asian/ btm in rubber @jirouquanshou19 #GayFisting #拳交 
#OnThisDay in 1999, Sachin Tendulkar Scored 124* vs Sri Lanka at Colombo. Day 5, When @sachin_rt Came to bat scored 124*(4s:10, 6s:1) ensured that India drew the Rain Affected game & got their first points of the Asian Test tournament. Sachin in 1st Inng- 53(54) 2nd Inng- 124* 
The Asian Studies Association of Australia is initiating a review of our field. If you want to write something, please get in touch.  …
wonder if people are going to stop going to italian restaurants too given the covid-19 outbreak there or if it was good old anti asian racism all along
If Filipinos don't eat a Filipino dish at least once every three months, we lose our superpowers. (The ability to point with our lips, the ability to blend in with ANY Asian/Latino population, and the ability to use electronics without taking off the protective plastic film.) 
I told y’all these Asian niggas be more racist then white people lmao 
-Global shares on track for worst week since the 2008 crisis -Asian stocks tumble as coronavirus cases soar -Hong Kong, South Korea, Japan and Australia stocks more than 2% in early trading -Oil 1.8% to $46.24 
.@nc4warren hosted a South Asian event in Cary. We had a wonderful turnout!  – at Nazara
. @jeanquan: “ @ewarren is the candidate for #AAPI families and that’s why we have to keep her in this fight. Our votes as Asian Americans matter and it’s up to us to make sure we make a difference!”  – at V.I.P. Coffee & Cake Shop
#SFPD arrests suspect in connection w/ that racially charged attack in the #Bayview. @SFPD says convicted robber, Dwayne Grayson, recorded an Asian man being attacked & robbed of his recyclables & posted it on social media. He's charged w/ robbery, elder abuse & hate crime. 
San Francisco authorities have arrested a man suspected of robbing  a hate crime against an elderly Asian man over the weekend in a case that drew outrage  members and politicians. via 
As coronavirus has spread, so, too, has anti-Asian prejudice. Here is how to prepare for coronavirus in the U.S. (Spoiler: Not sick? No need to wear a mask and no need to fear Asians or be a racist)  …
So  that everyone on TikTok looks the same, but Y’ALL also made them popular in the first place and OH LOOK the “TikToker” look has now been created. Hello males (preferably white/asian but actually you can only be chinese Japanese or Korean) with middle parts
The South Asian diaspora needs to draw a line in the sand. Supporting Hindu nationalists is supporting fascism, Islamophobia and casteism. The time to stop Hindu fascist power is now. #StopHinduFascism
Follow our LIVE coverage as Asian markets open after U.S. stocks fell the most since 2011   …
K-Army and other army who were going to Seoul for the concerts, I'm sending my love to you all! I'm sure they'll make it up with a mind blowing finale at the end of the tour and extra dates! Stay safe and healthy Asian army friends!
I wish more of my non-Asian Frisco homies would say something, anything about the elder Asian man who was attacked in the Bayview this past weekend. Even if it’s, “I don’t know what to say.”
LIVE: The Asian Development Bank (ADB) formally opens its Clark, Philippines office, with Department of Transportation (DOTr) Secretary Arthur Tugade as one of the guests of honor today, 28 February 2020.  …
Bought petrol on the way home yesterday. Guy ahead of me wears a grotesque face  about working at the ATO and dealing with so many Asian customers during this time of plague. His mask may have protected me from him
So the Asian mafia pulled up on the osc. I told y’all they ready for whatever!! 
Oy. Just read a Daily Beast story where the subjects thought it only affected Asian people. This is why we're all going to die.
A video showing an Asian elderly person taunted and robbed in San Francisco has sparked many netizens' anger. 
Asian army (seokjinnies) we really  with ML in the U.S. but in sk and anywhere else , it is an even playing field. So stream Moon along with ON and all his solos he gave us a playlist, let's use it  …
This absolutely infuriates me. Please please please support Chinese and Asian small businesses right now  …
#BREAKING Arrest made in the assault and bullying of an elderly Asian man collecting cans in  …
Humbled to receive Asian Business Leadership Award for Healthcare 2020. Credit to team Beacon for their hard work. @naveedy @1BMHC @786maq @amirhannan @aa6995 @gpdiarist @Azeem_Majeed @drsohailmunshi @doctormkumar @ManchesterHCC @latif_choudhary @ChauhanZahid 
. @Minghowriter is a fantastic writer and the script of British People asks so many urgent questions about modern Britain and the political choices of Asian diaspora atm with great performances from @siuhunli @xanadujenn and  …
[DAILY REMINDER] Remember to vote for JAEHYUN in STARMOMETER’s 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round LVL 2. He is currently in 1st place but the gap is small. Make sure to vote to widen the gap. The poll ends on February 29th. #NCT127 #JAEHYUN @NCTsmtown_127  
[DAILY REMINDER] Remember to vote for TAEYONG in STARMOMETER’S 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round LVL 2. Voting ends TONIGHT at 11pm KST. TAEYONG is currently in 1st place but the gap is small. Make sure to vote to help widen the gap. #NCT127 #TAEYONG @NCTsmtown_127  
Was on the train home and the (Asian) couple opposite were discussing their  engagement and they disagreed on something and she said "don't make me take you down to 60 guests"
Gotta NY @ronnychieng Asian Comedian Destroys America streaming now on @NetflixIsAJoke Produced by All Things Comedy! #ATCpresents #ronnychieng 
asian tops
@asian armys, I trust y'all
asian armys waking up and realising that we need their help asap 
" @BTS_twt won 4 awards: 'Best Asian Artist', for 2nd year in a row, 'Song of the Year by Downloads', 'Best MV' as well as 'Best 5 Singles' for 'Lights/ #BoyWithLuv. The single album was a 1st by foreign male artist to sell a million copies in Japan." #BestMusicVideo 
White men love their EXOTIC, ETHNIC asian beauties but shit on their culture and men. I sat down at a restaurant and this white guy glared at me so disgustingly. Like bro, U in a KOREAN restaurant, with your KOREAN wife, HALF Korean SON rn. You don’t even belong here bro
I am no beauty expert, but the no. 1 reason why Japanese or Asian women look 'young' to you is BECAUSE THEY DON'T LOOK LIKE YOU (if you are not East Asian) and white ppl, especially women, tend to infantilize Asian women. E.g. calling a 35 year old professional woman a 'pixie'.
Uber driver from LAX says she has, seriously, begun declining Asian  from the airport over the Carona virus.
ASIAN ARMYS ARE AWAKE NOW LET'S GO #ONto90MillionViews
Good morning Asian Armys.. Let's get it!! #StreamingPartyON 
Asian Armys are slowing getting up. lets keep pushing those views!
y’all need to stop telling this random asian men they look like these kpop idols i’m TIRED of it
I’m Adam and I’ve been #drawingwhileblack for years! I’m a freelance creature and character designer with a taste for horror and the macabre. I usually pull my influences from Asian and African animals and mythology! I’m also very open for work at the moment 
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE STOP TELLING RANDOM ASIAN TIK TOKERS THEY LOOK LIKE XXX NCT MEMBER PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE STOP PLEASE.
Not many people know that HuffPost Asian Voices once  me to pitch anytime, but when I pitched this #Mulan essay (& art) to them in 2018, they ghosted me. So it's frustrating to see  out now that contain the same sentiments of this essay I wrote 1.5 years  …
asian armys right now waking up to stream ON 
San Francisco Police Chief Bill Scott announced Thursday that officers have made an arrest in the recent robbery of an older Asian man of recycling he had collected in Bayview-Hunters Point.  …
I have a student from Vietnam. She’s the only Asian child in the class. She’s one of a handful of Asian kids in the school. Kids often say she‘s white. We’ve been studying skin. Today, she wrote this poem. 
its mad how asian aunties sexualise cousins chilling together uno
Everyone waiting for asian armys to wake up. Me an asian army who haven't slept yet :') 
We can’t let the #coronavirus stoke fear and discrimination against our Asian American neighbors in the East Bay and around the country. As we tackle this public health crisis, let us do so with facts and science—not prejudice.  …
Good Morning 20M views , Good job ami~ take a rest!! Asian ARMYs will take over the streaming now hihi 
I have never ever seen an Asian person homeless. Ever.
We're doing actually great bc the mvs ware released in two different times! BWL- 6PM kst so asian armys were still awake that time; ON- 12AM kst & asian armys (including me) only got to watch the video lesser  if it were released on an earlier time but it still got  …
A quick reply-thread about how Americans perceive European cities vs. Asian cities.  …
14 days!!!! 300 000 Asian Students in the US What a Joke! No testing done... Its a disaster waiting to happen.
Proud to endorse Elizabeth Warren For President alongside @SikhProf @kalhan @anildash @rabiasquared @originalspin @ConstanceWu @pronounced_ing and others. "An Open Statement from Asian American & Pacific Islander Leaders Endorsing Elizabeth Warren" 
This week, our team hosted a Trump Victory Leadership Training (TVLI) for the  in Virginia with @TommyHicksGOP & @jepence. 2020 Dems continue to promote their radical socialist policies, but Asian American voters know that socialism DOESN’T WORK! 
Join us for the Building an Asian American Feminist Movement network gathering at #AMC2020 in Detroit on Thurs 6/25/20! Co-hosted by @aafcollective & @18millionrising Learn more & apply here:  (Pls feel free to DM with any 
Good morning! ASIAN ARMYs!! It's our time to shine now! SHOW THEM WHAT WE'VE GOT! STREAM ON STREAM ON STREAM ON  #KCA #VoteBTS 
i hope asian armys will soon wake up and help us
Didn't he smack away an Asian woman just last month?  …
Lot of Asian-Australians I know are reconsidering overseas travel not because of coronavirus but because they're not certain their government wont arbitrarily abandon or quarantine them to appeal to racists. There are long term consequences to racism for everyone.
Were members of the Alt-Right opposed to Asian food? Hell, half had Asian girlfriends.  …
I'm gonna go take a 3 hour nap  i wanna pull an all nighter but my eyes refuse to open sksk, please stream harder while I'm gone, I'm positive the views will increase more when I'm asleeep cuz asian armys and US armys are here now, i believe in u and love u, gn <3
You don't have to agree with Chinese politics to realize the coronavirus scare is overhyped and dripping with anti-asian racism.
Dear God, I don’t really talk to you often but here I am praying to you that when Asian armys are awake we will get 5-6 Million streams per hour...AMEN
Keep it going ARMY, asian ARMY just woke up, we're going ON it now. Fighting
Thread about delicious things you can get at the Asian grocery store that are delicious and last forever! (Geared to my personal tastes but feel free to add on.)
Asian armys I've awakened you, american armys I've summoned you from school and work LET'S MAKE A CIRLCE AND STREAM THE OFFICIAL ON MV, WE HAVE GREAT POWERS FEW POSSES, LET'S FCKING BREAK SOME RECORDS BTCHES
Asian girls buy some AF1 or AJ1 and say I’m different  …
I stand with the 15% & Growing Campaign to advocate for more dollars for Asian Pacific American orgs. NYC must adequately fund the grass roots service providers who work night & day to reach  members. 
K-ARMY, J-ARMY ETC. ALL ASIAN ARMY WE NEED YOUR HELP
I think views are naturally slower at this time, we  bwl rate with ON cause of the different times released, I think a lot of American armys are just about getting off school and work, and Asian armys are probably sleeping
I live in Finland and Asian people are scared to go out because of all the abuse they’re getting.
Asian twitter need to be banned from using the word elite fkinnnnn everyday “if your name begins with *insert whatever letter you’re elite” “Bengali/Pakistani boys/girls are elite ” I hate it here
The Asian American Journalists Association asks the media to be mindful of photos, context and word choice surrounding coronavirus. "AAJA warns against blanket use of Chinatown images that reinforce stereotypes and create a sense of 'otherness.' 
Are you a South Asian creative or business? Do you want a stall, to sell something or promote your work, at Burnt Roti Festival 2020 on Sunday 1st March at Genesis Cinema? Get in touch! sharan.dhaliwal@burntroti.com 
Another excuse for racism. This is so outrageous. Some Asian people have never been to China! People are not going to Asian restaurants. This is out of hand and we do not have a leader to calm the nation down.
Here are 5 great Asian restaurants in the DC area, in no particular order. If business is suffering b/c of coronavirus paranoia, all the more reason to go. Add to the list! 1. Q by Peter Chang (C); 2. Anju (K); 3. Thip Khao (L); 4. Rice Paper (V); 5. Sushi Ozawa (J). #EatAsianNow
Asian army's do take rest tooo its important take care of yourself #ONStreamingParty
Finally sharing some voiceover work I did a few weeks ago for #Census2020 - outreach to the South  RESPOND TO YOUR CENSUS FORM! Make our presence known - regardless of immigration status. And if you're a citizen - get out and vote. Every chance you get!
even tho we live in LA, kinda worrying about the increasing hostility towards asians due to the coronavirus. i’m white passing but my mom isn’t being full korean. they’ve already had petitions in alhambra country to shut down the schools, since it has a high asian population.
Some of France's top stars of colour slammed the French film industry, accusing it of confining black, North African and Asian-origin performers to stereotypical bit pats 
every surgery oli london gets, makes him look whiter ??? he literally doesn’t look one bit asian ??? i’d ask for a refund  …
And also most Asian armys are sleeping rn, once they wake up we are getting 3+million streams per hour again, they are the strongest streaming force
little asian promoter gets fucked by two bbc  …
Prejudice and xenophobia against Chinese people and other  appears to have spread further than the actual virus, @ChartheShark304 writes.  (via @zoramag)
Why does #ZoeysExtraordinaryPlaylist not have any Asian regulars when it’s set in Silicon Valley? Colleague @Arianna_Molloy brought this up and I haven’t seen the series, but this seems like a blatant 
Ok I literally cannot keep my eyeballs open anymore European, African & LATAM ARMY plsplspls do ALL you can to Stream ON until US ARMY get out of work and school, and Asian/Oceania ARMY wake up See y’all in 5 hrs. Imma sleeeep #BringItON @BTS_twt 
let’s be clear, East Asian folks will be the main targets of the the c*ronavirus hysteria & propaganda. I’m tired of seeing non-East Asian folks in the US buying into xenophobic & racist rhetoric. Have you been posting about the flu? Continue to wash your hands & keep it quiet.
y'all think asian armys will wake up in few hours to help stream when infact, we haven't sleep yet hi strong asian armys out there! #ONVIDEOPARTY
So now that’s only half of the rules she posted I don’t have time to type out her 10 Nail Commandments. So cool I grab my bible so I don’t miss any of her rules and I go get my pedicure and nail soak off at an Asian salon (cuz of course she doesn’t do pedicures)
I am an East African Asian like you. In our house, we celebrate Saunak & Patel's achievements. They are role models for my kids for achieving high office in govt. Try as I might, holding up you / some Guardian journo as role models doesn't have same effect
Asian armys will wake up in few hours and help more with the streams, it's alright don't be stressed just stream like a human and use all your devices, the streams will go up, KEEP STREAMING DON'T GIVE UP!!
white people love telling me i look like another asian they know
Asian army's go to bed, we can take over now we got you , #ONVIDEOPARTY
White Chicago, Hispanic Chicago, Asian Chicago, and Black Chicago are all very different places.
JUST BECAUSE THE CORONAVIRUS IS SPREADING DOES NOT MEAN YOU ARE JUSTIFIED IN BEING RACIST TOWARD ASIAN PEOPLE
asian armys, dont worry. have some rest now. european and american armys can continue the streaming. your health is more important. youve done enough for today. well done. sleep tight. #ONVIDEOPARTY
asian girl on instagram live starter pack: - silence - laughing - "wait lemme get my headphones" - boy she likes joins - silence - her friends bait her - repeat
the rate has slowed down, views are freezing, yt is still deleting views, asian armys are sleeping...so whoever can, please stream harder like a human. watch short non bts vids and don’t  90M+ views in 24 hours. can we do it? #ONMusicVideo #BringItON #ONVIDEOPARTY
mfs try to drag somebody  up with the same racist asian joke abt someone who isn't even asian or some shit abt trans ppl..... sir be original  …
Asian Army: Its midnight here, Reporting sir. non Asian Army: We streaming here, Taking Over sir.
visual representation of asian armys passed out then us, european and african armys are streaming 
Students demand censorship of coronavirus party at the University of New York at Albany, calling it a "hate crime against Asian students and scholars."  … via @reason
“The coronavirus is not a foreign threat, but a human one. Racism and xenophobia targeted at  will not protect us from a virus that does not discriminate base on race, gender, or color.” (Also if u don't know a Muslim or have a friend that is, u do now. Follow)
A question for Asian Americans in the Midwest: How rampant is the #coronavirus-related racism over there? Do you suppose an Asian-American cartoonist can safely travel alone on a book  May?
I assume you descend from American Chattel Slavery. You jumped b/w "POC" & your difficulties in getting into a NASA program. Do you realize that Bernie's class-based policies would erase what little set asides we have? An asian person can be counted as a POC & take your spot.  …
We rise in solidarity with our with Asian, Latinx, Black & African immigrants and advocates We have dignity. We have rights. We'll work together to right this wrong.
Those of you that have been telling me you'd love to be finally be the first Asian-American Red #PowerRanger makes my HEART SO HAPPY. Really, it does! But don't y'all forget that the homie, @PeterSAdrian exists 
Hands up if you’re asian/oceania ARMY and are saying to a regular sleep cycle to stream ON MV #BringItON #BTSStreamingParty @BTS_twt
B. Ruby Rich and I co-edited a special dossier on Asian American film history for @FilmQuarterly. New work on early women filmmakers and @vietfilm, along with interviews with @arthurdongfilm, @ReaTajiriFilm, and  …
Asian ARMYs, don’t forget to take a rest We need to reach our goal but  first! #BTSARMY #ONVIDEOPARTY #방탄소년단 @BTS_twt  Cr. 
“Emergency! Stop State Sanctioned Violence in India” South Asian Students Against Fascism will protest in four major US cities tomorrow. Students will gather in front of Indian Consulates in Chicago, Atlanta, San Francisco and New York."  …
N95 masks are so scarce people are buying from other countries and selling to people in Asia. Every Asian country who produce it have banned its export, so they'll have enough for themselves. You can imagine why a carton went from =N=3,000 ($7) to =N=130,000 ($350).
There's a twitter user who sells bikinis amongst other things, she recently posted a pic of her around mad orders she got, I think she's asian. Anyone know who I'm talking about?
North American, South American, European ARMYs, etc. it’s your turn. My Asian ass needs sleep #ONVIDEOPARTY 
asian armys when are we sleeping?
If you don’t have this kambal are you even asian  …
you know whats damn cute? asian armys are going to tell us to go sleep, rest and eat when they wake up because they’ll be “taking over” this is my fav thing 
"I'm not a virus, I am human. Don't discriminate against us." Chinese student on the streets of Italy PSA the Corona virus is not an excuse to be a racist. This virus does not discriminate. We shouldn't either. Solidarity with  everywhere. 
I’m not causing anything by saying this; but watching so many white dominated horror films over my life and now seeing the influx of black horror films especially is so refreshing. I feel black and Asian horror films have a more tense tone about them. Maybe just me
editor: you’re sure? jk rowling: yes editor: and you don’t think it sounds racist? jk rowling: nope editor: [deep sigh] not even a little bit? jk rowling: look the asian’s name is cho chang. i don’t see the problem here.
I do apologise, but i need to sleep now. I still have work at 4AM, but i am proud to say that I am part of the 10M views! I'll stream by tomorrow again! -an asian army 
Literally caught 2 Asian  across the boarder with infections.. so there’s that
To Uber drivers who refuse my Asian friends; to those abusing my Chinese family in public: I won't ask you to stop being racist. You were already racist. COVID-19 is but a spotlight on your ignorance and I pity you. Please wash your hands/don't touch your eyeballs/nose while out.
as an asian army, when european and american armys are saying that we should rest and they will stream until we asian armys wake up makes my heart so ducking soft, yall are such cuties wtf
Red pandas, the bushy-tailed and russet-furred bamboo munchers that dwell in Asian high forests, are two separate species  
somebody on this dating app recognized me from the asian fetish tumblr that was catfishing as me for months 
A strong, moving collection of essays about Asian-Americanness is about  out from @cathyparkhong. I got the privilege of reading it for work & now my therapist gets to hear about it, lucky her  …
Asian elephant Sundara has JUST had a baby... Here's the FIRST glimpse of her special new arrival 
Asian people. Them flies little legs be landing in dog shit and any other animal shit... I'm cool 
NOT AT HOW ALMOST ALL ASIAN ARMYS ARE AWAKE LIKE YALL DONT HAVE CLASSES TOMORROW PLSJCJDJDJSJXJSJSJSJJS
Yes I want a female president, a gay president, a Native Indian president, an Asian president, a Jewish president, a Latin president. I want as much diversity in every way possible to be the president of the USA. I want the best candidate and at this time it’s @BernieSanders
omg i want an asian bulldog  …
We are increasing prize money for Olympic Games winners and Asian and Commonwealth Games winners from Rajasthan. Olympic gold medalist will now get Rs 3 crore, silver medalist 2 crores and bronze medalist 1 crore. #RajasthanBudget2020
Check out this piece by @FondaJLee (JADE CITY) and @k_villoso (THE WOLF OF OREN-YARO) where they talk about their books and Asian representation in publishing on 
IMMAF World Championships &amp; Asian Open Announced to take place in Kazakhstan! Asian and Junior Asian Open 23 – 27 June World Championships TBC Full details  
only kids with strict asian parents understand the struggle on asking them to go out
Why not a Hispanic woman Joe? Or an Asian woman? Or any other nationality? Oh, yeah, you're in need of black votes. Silly me, Sorry Joe, pander on.  …
we could have talked about Native American and Asian American representation in film, but instead, class ended 45 minutes early. there's no excuse for Indigenous peoples to have been ignored in this class--there was a whole section in the textbook about Pocahontas.
30 mins... my asian ass ain't sleeping  #ONVIDEOPARTY
Damn, he turned his epic neg into a thirsty post. The eterbal south asian man.  …
the way i know y’all be looking up “asian/korean man with tattoo sleeve” and calling it a day  …
2nd colour from the latest collaboration with Sometime by Asian Designers. Can you guess how many colours from this collection? 
India and Myanmar sign 10 agreements with focus on socio-economic development of southeast Asian nation as PM Narendra Modi holds wide-ranging talks with Myanmarese President U Win Myint
Fantastic week of cricket in Muscat, UAE champs & Kuwait qualify too, but great stuff from others particularly Bahrain + Qatar. So much talent in the region! Huge thanks to Asian Cricket Council & CricClubs for the opportunity, and to Oman Cricket as simply amazing hosts. 
“ #COVID19 is not creating anti-Asian racism, it is uncovering it.”
Asian kids can relate 
How Asian are u spice tolerance edition: I can chew on a chilli without tearing up or needing water
FAT FUCKING GAMER ASS. FAT THICK FUCKING ASIAN GAMER GIRL ASS. ASS. ASSSSSSSSSSS. I NEED THIS ASS. I NEED THIS ASS ON MY FACE. HOLY SHIT /CO/. I NEED THIS ASS. I WANT THAT ASS
Aahh so armys confused between Artist of The Year for Japanese Golden Disc with Asian Artist of the year. BTS won the Asian artist of the year, meanwhile for ARTIST OF THE YEAR goes to ARASHI. 
#JAEHYUN is nominated in LVL 2 of the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round poll  … Current Rank: #2 Jaehyun 49,34% (20,504 votes) You can vote as many times as you want. Voting closes on Feb 29th! #NCT127 
A video showing an Asian elderly person taunted and robbed in San Francisco has sparked many netizens' anger. 
Life's a tad more difficult when you're an immigrant from an Asian country with 6 names using a Muslim naming convention trying to fit in a western box where the system can only fit 5 of your names and suddenly you are not who you are because none of your official documents match
This poster actually makes sense. It's the neglect by the establishment that got Trump elected, as diagnosed by @AndrewYang, America'e Asian doctor. Who will heed his treatment now? 
Ang Ani ng Dangal (Harvest of Honors) Award ay kumikilala sa “artists who earned international awards and accolades from the year 2019.” Nakasama sa awardees si Alden for winning the Asian Star Prize at the 14th Seoul International Drama Awarrs  …
This idea that Asian (or black) Britons should only be left-wing and if they're right-wing they are basically 'sellouts' or have something wrong with them... is bonkers. Its bad enough when Whites think that (you live in a bubble!) but depressing when Asians push this view too
For all the talk about Russia's "Asian pivot" (aka "turn to the East"), Moscow's response to CVID19 says it all. The Russian government suspended travel w/ China, Korea and Iran, but imposed no such restrictions on Italy/EU, where the epidemic is rapidly spreading.
three months ago, got7 and red velvet each won a daesang (performance & song of the year) at asian artist awards. that was the REALEST win for ahgaluvs. #gotvelvet 
This is devastating. Very few world leaders  on what is happening in Delhi. And @UN? Without the many South Asian journos reporting on this, at great risk, we wouldn’t know of the atrocities happening in #DelhiRiots2020 It is  …
BREAKING: Perth Glory have escaped a three-year ban from the Asian Champions League and avoided a $50,000 fine after Ulsan Hyundai and the Asian Football Confederation agreed to re-arrange the amid coronavirus fears. [West Australian, paywall]  …
The fantastic Deptford X have opened applications to support local Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic artists and curators to take part in the core programme of this year’s Deptford X Festival. Please spread the word or apply here  
JAPANESE GOVERNMENT WORRIED ABOUT BREXIT It has issued warnings on behalf of 1,000  based in UK, saying they are halting investment & moving operations to Europe. Nikkei Asian Review says 70% of Japanese manufacturers “feel a negative impact from Brexit
Looks like Ulsan vs Perth's Asian Champions League clash next week will be reversed and the game will take place in Australia.
The Free Cash Flows on Asian Paints for the last 5 years. The 5 year FCF growth is -1.57%! The stock return is 17.41%! Narratives can be created to justify anything! It is only when the tide turns.....ppl will know the truth!  
UK taxpayers funding woke social engineering at the BBC: its head of drama says it must ‘repurpose’ historic novels with female, black and Asian characters and - bizarrely - ‘has a duty to represent the country as it is now, not as it was in the past’.  …
where asian parents force you to sleep when  over for the night  …
"I realised how girls are attracted to cricket but within a certain environment - and that's around other women and girls." Meet Amna Rafiq who's creating opportunities for South Asian females in the sport she loves. Read  
favorite style of buddhist painting is the southeast asian kind that looks like something by Lisa Frank 
Foreigners are exiting Asian markets at the fastest pace in years  
When Asian American data is disaggregated, it reveals that Filipino Americans are in poorer health than other Asian Americans & White folks. This is why data disaggregation is necessary. It helps to reveal our reality, so that we are no longer the 
Asian Am & Pacific Islander (AAPI) characters are almost entirely relegated to orientalist mysticism, transnational adoption, martial artists, and, of course, books about food. Great list of  readings that dismantle orientalism.  …
Can we bring this back at Asian Weddings 
Excited to share the newest program @wearemalikah “Solidarity in Struggle: South Asians for Black Lives.” Myself and a group of South Asian volunteers developed this program to address anti-Blackness in  and explore South Asian identity/history. Please share/apply! 
Because of the coronavirus, maybe we should all take off our shoes before entering our homes to prevent the tracking in of possible outside contamination—a practice that many, but not all, Asian Americans already tend to do, like me.
#RWC2021 Asian qualifiers have been postponed until May, after concerns relating to the spread of Corona-virus. The three  for top place are Japan, Kazakhstan and Hong Kong and the tournament will now be held on 8, 12 and 16 May instead of March.
BTS wygrali 4 nagrody podczas Golden Disc Awards w Japonii! • Best Asian Artist • Best 5 Singles: Lights/BWL • SOTY by Download: Lights/BWL • Best MV Asia: BTS World Tour LY: Japan Edition cr. modooborahae 
At INDO- SEA 2020...Happening now. With Honble Governor of Telengana Dr Tamilisai and eminent persons, such as Lt Gen RN Singh, Admiral Sunil Lamba, Mr Indresh Kumar, Vice Chancellor Dr Gurmit Singh, several foreign delegates from South Asian Region, thinkers and activists 
Heard that there is a  for tea making Our renowned Asian players are participating Who is participating? Tell me something @blackholesm 
This has affected me more than I imagined. As someone who’s asian American as well, I find it hypocritical how only Asians are speaking about this issue (or asians getting discriminated in the US in general tbfh). He has only been living here for about 6 years ++
Cl*v*land high school was SO white that they had an ASIAN PROM. DO YOU GUYS REMEMBER ASIAN PROM????? HOLY FUCK. Yes I’m still mad about asian prom
Last 4 men's International cricket match results of Asian teams. #Cricket WWWW - Pakistan WDWW - Sri Lanka WLWL - Nepal LLLW - Bangladesh LLLL - India W-Won, D-Draw, L-Lost
”Reasonable preparedness” does not  anti-Asian racism. No, not even if you’re specific to Chinese people.
So sick of these Corona Virus/Asian “jokes”. They have NEVER been funny!!!! I swear people find every fucking excuse to be racist!!!
Foreigners are exiting Asian markets at the fastest pace in years  
i’m so disgusted. my mom literally was at the grocery store the other day and had people giving her looks. PSA THE CORONAVIRUS DOESNT GIVE YOU AN EXCUSE TO BE A RACIST PIECE OF SHIT TO ASIAN PEOPLE YOU MORONS.
#AWP2020 Looking for a panelist for my event on Asian American writers. Email me if you want to participate: kevin.chong@ubc.ca. Retweet if you can help. 
What a smug elitist twit. And the asian young woman behind her also. This is the new generation of "professionals" I deal with lately. No self awareness, no respect for others or their elders. The Indian journo probably has 1000x their experience. #FireThem
@BTS_twt thank you message for winning 34th Japan Gold Disc Award. Best Asian Artist Best 5 Singles Song of the year by Download Best Music Video #BestMusicVideo #BoyWithLuv 
not new to nsfw twt but i want more moots; - asian babygirl <3 - hot when cursing ;) - 60% soft, 40% will hit ur ass - vv loud - will be ur tinie gf - single but loyal to oomf - very very gay - in domspace a lot— ↺ to be moots, ♡ for a dm (selective, sorry) 
I have also been impressed with the Taiwan government's response--on all angles, not just the masks  to other Asian governments  …
My mom told me she went to court and this Asian police officer took her seat and she said “ah wah tek dis bloodclaut chiney man” & she was shocked when he said “who di bloodclaut yah chat to” & he was a yawdie mr chin
Absolutely devo. King of Kings in Brisbane’s Chinatown was the go-to yum cha for my family for so many years. According to Broadsheet, some Brisbane Asian restaurants are dealing with a drop in trade of 50 per cent; others have closed altogether.  
My mom just saw SF declared a state of emergency for Coronavirus and told me to steer clear of Asian people. I think there’s multiple layers to unpack here
why do people go into Asian spaces and then make fun of their accents... I don’t understand
white male chefs who work in asia be like yes my travel experiences which mainly included studying older asian women & peoples cooking techniques, family recipes and millenniums worth of food knowledge & science is the reason i am one of the top chefs on the continent
Proud to support @Dromm25 call for NYC to recognize #Diwali as a @NYCSchools holiday. The festival of lights is celebrated by more than 200,000 people of South Asian and Indo-Caribbean descent in New York City. Let's get it done! 
Italian singer @frafacchinetti stands up against xenophobia after 2 young men assaulted an Asian-origin at a supermarket in Italy. "We must apologize to the  for how we are behaving," the singer tweeted. 
I always felt like we were more like an Asian mum like WHAT ABOUT THAT OTHER 5 POINTS THAT YOU MISSED YOUR COUSIN GOT 99 THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE YOU ARE SHAMING OUR FAMILY NAME HOW AM INGOING TO SHOW MY FACE AT MAHJONG  …
Asian stocks fall again as US confirms coronavirus transmission 
Asian guys throw a denim jacket over their black tee +  and think they’re onto something
Hi new followers! I am an Asian-American illustrator, concept artist, & now filmmaker with 7 years of XP in the games industry. Here are some illustrations + projects I've worked on - Battletech, Shadowrun, Dungeons & Dragons, & Magic the Gathering. Currently now on Guild Wars 2. 
Good advice, Ted! I was at a store recently & the cashier, a young woman, was laughing. She told me a customer had just accused her of having coronavirus. Not that what she looked like should matter, but she looked Lebanese, not Asian. Bigots can be very stupid people.  …
I may have said cute asian dom rights!!!;> enjoy me feeling confident! TY those who renewed their subs on OF! I know I’ve been busy this weekend but, I have new themed roleplay  soon... ;) can u guess what the theme is?  de garçon 
good night to asian bulldog only 
Hiya, folks! It’s Ajey, your like...sixth-favorite Asian TTRPG designer! Let’s talk about DECOLONIZING TTRPGs—or at least, a piece of how that happens. Now, a lot of  from big thematic moves, like the very premise of IT WAS NEVER YOURS, by @BasheerGhouse ...
Is there like a whole section of Tik Tok that's just Asian dudes who claim to look like kpop folks to pander to thirsty fangirls?  …
. @DominosMY had the best response to the controversial Asian flat croissant (roti canai) FB post. Check it out:  
There are layers to leadership. A lot of anti-Asian racism is already percolating from the #coronavirus scare and how badly Trump is handling it. @SpeakerPelosi is working to allay fears and show solidarity. We need leadership like this. Not fearmongering like  …
I would like 1 Asian bulldog, please.  …
FX volatility also a major parallel now near record lows. Similar suppressed levels preceded the Asian Crisis & Great Recession. 
Some tips on protecting yourself & others from the flu and #CoronavirusOutbreak: -Wash your hands. A lot. -Avoid touching your eyes, nose & mouth. -Get a flu shot. -Stay home if you are sick. -Don’t discriminate against Asian Americans.  …
the worst type of asian ppl r the ones tht talk and act like the human embodiment of the subtle asian traits facebook page
. @BTS_twt คว้า 4 รางวัลจากงานประกาศรางวัล The Japan Golden Disc Awards ครั้งที่ 34 - Best Asian Artist - Best 5 Singles: #Lights/ #BoyWithLuv - Song of the Year by Download: #Lights - Best Music Video (Asia): BTS WORLD TOUR ‘LOVE YOURSELF’ ～JAPAN  …
Hey... would you maybe... wanna hold 
What better way to celebrate 50 years of Asian American studies than our episode on the movement that started it all @uclaaasc  …
Are you kidding with that picture!? The entirety of Northern California is being represented by Chinatown in SF!? You guys have any idea how much this stirs up anti-Asian sentiment? Do better please.
Maine Mendoza is the first ever Asian and Filipina MAC Maker to represent the country for two consecutive collaborations! This is Pinoy Pride! @MACcosmetics #MaineMendoza 
I wanted for years for a pill to take away my Asian-ness. If there was one, I would've been first in line. You mean I could be white and blonde? Then maybe the mom of one of my girlfriends in high school wouldn't have told me her daughter was too good for a chink. So much pain.  …
A Melbourne hospital is being rocked by racism, with families refusing to let their children be treated by doctors of Asian appearance due to coronavirus fears. @msanto92 
After weeks and weeks of Asian twitter reaction to the coronavirus, I'm not sure I'm quite ready for the hot takes out of the US and Europe as they wake up to it...
So excited to dive into this volume of poems by @brownroundboi who I've learned so much from in terms of what crip poetics can do, especially in relation to Asian American identity and queerness. (Much love to @SiblingRivPress for putting these voices out into the 
Just had to take ten minutes to explain to a girl that, no, Asian men are not more likely to have COVID-19. This was after watching a group of white girls at work freak out about having to handle a shipment of books that came from China. Just burn this country to the ground
[TRANS] [Article] #BTS, honored with 4 wins at Japan’s Golden Disc Awards... * Best MV * Best Asian Artist * Best 5 Singles * Song of the Year by Download
Best Asian artist Best 5 single Song of the year by Download Best Music Video @BTS_twt
The crimson sunbird (Aethopyga siparaja) was only recently declared the national bird of Singapore during the 6th Asian Bird Fair in October 2015. 
From anti-vax grifter Larry Cook's Facebook group: The Coronavirus was "designed race specific." "Asian people have a different amount of receptors in their lungs which is why it's really messing them up." #CoronavirusOutbreak #Coronavirus 
S&P 500 E-MINI FUTURES EXTEND FALL, DROP AS MUCH AS 0.6% IN ASIAN TRADE
Australia: At invitation of united front groups Federation of Chinese Associations (Vic) and Asian Business Association of Whitehorse, Federal MP Gladys Liu and PRC Consul General Long Zhou visit Box Hill in Melbourne #auspol  
LOL short and asian are on the same part of the pyramid  …
- No discrimination going on? (E.g. I've posted before that Lyft/Uber drivers are discriminating against Asian clients in the area. Are local elected officials handling situations like this?) - Will local officials ensure they are  w/ federal officials?
“We as Asian Americans should be cognizant about the ways in which other groups are targeted by racism and see that we are all connected,” says @ProfJanelleWong in discussion with @evadou and @bruce_y_lee. Full episode:  
ICYMI i'm turning THR into the premiere hot spot for Asian American pop culture analysis  …
 no one panders for the Asian vote? What, no one wants to see an Asian on the SC? Eh fuck it.  …
. @BTS_twt won 4 awards at the 34th Golden Disc Awards in Japan. • Best Asian Artist (2nd yr in a row) • Best 5 Singles: Lights/BWL • SOTY by Download: Lights/BWL • Best MV Asia: BTS World Tour LY: Japan Edition (2nd yr in a row) #BTS #방탄소년단  
Anybody get the name/info of that old Asian dude that got his cans stolen so we can send him money yet?
Of course the coronavirus was also going  with the racist virus, some people in hospitals refusing to be treated by Asian doctors or sit next to people “of Asian appearance”. Can’t recall white people being avoided during the time of the mad cow disease in the UK. #auspol
Parents have reportedly refused to let doctors and nurses of 'Asian appearance' treat their sick kids at Melbourne's Royal Children's Hospital amid panic over the coronavirus outbreak. 
Who wants Asian Goddess @izanami_abg's divine spit? Open wide and drink up, thirsty bitch! Comment if you want it in your mouth or all over your face. Cashapp : $bankroll002 {asianfindom seattlefindom cashmeet degradation spitting spitworship spitfetish womenwhospit} 
This Asian coughed on me. 
Gilead Sciences Initiates Two Phase 3 Studies Of Investigational Antiviral Remdesivir For The Treatment Of Covid-19 $GILD -Studies In Asian Countries To Being In March
Or also why CAN'T we be attracted to asian men and what exactly makes them feminine? I'm 34 and I do find them attractive. But I also think they'd be excellent friends and I LOVE their music. Jin is in his late 20's, it wouldn't be odd for women to find them attractive.
Asian Americans 
Go support your local Asian restaurant. Don't let this happen  …
not a great time to be asian and sneezing at the airport
Sharing the below to remind us that bigotry and hate can’t stop an outbreak. Wash your hands. Stay home if you’re sick. And go out tonight to an Asian restaurant. #FightFearwithFood @soledadobrien tagging you because you’re smart and people listen to you. RT =  …
Glory will be banned from the Asian Champions League for three years and be fined $50,000 if we refuse to travel to Korea. Pignata: “We are prepared to cop it for the sake of our staff and players, we can’t risk their health and safety. They (AFC) aren’t budging. It baffles me.”
JUST IN: Asian caucus calls on fellow lawmakers not to "perpetuate racist stereotypes" amid coronavirus fears  
ten is one of the greatest aces right now in kpop, cpop, asian pop and that’s on period. i have never met anyone who can deny the fact that he is a one of a kind performer with his own distinct style. like he unknowingly made a brand for himself, and that brand being the 
If I catch any one of y'all making disgusting racist Coronavirus jokes about Asian people, I'ma report you, then mute/block, send tweet. :)
Last but not least, we must treat everyone  and respect. Asian Americans aren’t infesters like cockroaches. We’re human beings, just like you, and we’re in this together. Let’s protect ourselves and our families with knowledge and care, not fear and suspicion.
So apparently people are turning down care at hospitals from Asian doctors and nurses. Just in case you need a reminder that racism actually endangers everyone and racialised panic is going to make coronavirus worse.
I’ve just had this overwhelming feeling of joy seeing all my Asian mates working and even better still working together in this business. Finally. Marvel film pending
Ok but mine will only be half asian farts so is that not as good? 
We have a ton of  in for meetings and I want to hire an Asian to walk in mid-meeting, sit in the back and just start coughing.
Uproar from liberals over Asian man holding a bag of tea. Silence from liberals when Asian men chase little girls in Rotherham  …
#WhyRMCFootball Check out Christian Redman '19! Christian graduated w/ a Business Degree concentrating in Management while also minoring in Accounting and Asian Studies. Since graduating, Christian began working as a Contract Specialist for the Department of Defense! 
Asian parents when you say you don’t want to be a doctor or a lawyer  …
Pakistan now has first case. This is worse can any Asian country because Pakistan has little to no public health infrastructure. But hey as least they have some sort of public testing for new cases... while America basically has frozen up on testing. #TESTVIRUSNOW  …
I was very honoured to get the chance to chat with the great @FondaJLee about our works and Asian representation in publishing.  …
i don't like boba. next person that assumes i like boba just cus i'm a smoll asian grill i'm eating their dog.
I’m just recovering from a cold but have to fly today and boy oh boy I can’t wait to be an Asian guy coughing at an airport.
A record 1 in 10 eligible voters are immigrants based on new @pewresearch report. Of these voters, 34% are Hispanic Americans and 31% are Asian Americans. This surge in eligible immigrant voters can make a big difference in races from president to school board.  …
*Asian bulldog* bruh... that'll be $100
all asian girls do is drink boba tea and lie
A simple, personal example? I'm quick to identify as Punjabi, South Asian, Sikh, and even Desi. But Indian? Not so much.
Some hater just yesterday said, quote: "I don't get why these fansgirls are all so attracted to feminine Asian boys". Why do people ASSUME so much about us? Why do you assume we are young or female? And even if we are, why do you ASSUME we have to be attracted to them?
Is the new #coronavirus making people racist? @AJStream is LIVE on YouTube to talk about rising anti-Asian sentiment and what should be done about it. Join the conversation:  
Ang once told me that the Hulk is the most Asian American of all heroes (even before Amadeus Cho!) because “his superpower is passive-aggressiveness”  …
Hat’s off to these Asian Americans (Vietnamese to be exact) for their proclaimed support to #PresidentTrump “4 MORE YEARS! 4 MORE YEARS!” —They know what is going on! #4MoreYears #Trump2020Victory 
In the beginning of this race, the huge Dem field was the most diverse we have ever seen it. Men, women, old, young, black, white, asian, gay, straight...So much hope and potential.. Now the 3 front runners are....3 old white guys. How far 
Traditionally, selection for AOA has been disproportionately skewed towards the majority, while African Americans, Latino Americans, and Asian Americans have been left out of the mix. I am proud to attend an institution that truly values what my classmates bring to the table. 
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Dele Alli put a video on Snapchat in which he joked about the coronavirus outbreak and appeared to mock an Asian man 
This Friday night we are hosting our first Asian Heritage Night, an initiative led by our very own @NatalieChou1. Join us as we celebrate Natalie in her journey to being a role model for young Asian basketball players.   
We are all sure, of course, that OJ would be worried about a pile-on and concerned for Sue Shouts-At-Tea's well-being if she'd been ranting at Yorkshire Tea over this image instead of the one with the Asian* in it. 
The Japan Gold Disk Award 2020 Results 1. Best Asian Artist @BTS_twt 2. Best 5 Singles Lights / BWL 3. Song of the Year by Download (Asia) Lights / BWL 4. Best Music Video (Asia) BTS WORLD TOUR 'LOVE YOURSELF' ～JAPAN EDITION #VoteBTS 
Maziya overcame the powerhouse of south asian football to reach the group stage of #AFCCup2020 . A remarkable achievement. Special thanks to President @ibusolih and Minister @AhmedMahloof for the support given to us by the 
It's #NationalInvasiveSpeciesAwarenessWeek, and while you're probably aware that Asian carp are a major issue locally, you may be shocked to see that you or one of your friends likely have No. 3 on this list living with you. 
The future of this nation depends on the empowerment of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. @PeteButtigieg’s plan will ensure that  feel a sense of security and belonging in a nation that values their unique experiences. 
Say with me: foreign player rule disparity with Asian football works to the detriment of #indianfootball clubs We are not a developed footballing nation. Our clubs don't have squads built over 10 years. Our domestic players aren't sought after in other countries 4 per squad NOW
BTS won Best Asian Artist, Best 5 Single, SOTY By Download (Asia), and Best MV in Asia(with LYS JAPAN EDITION so I think it’s more of like a DVD award)
[trans] BTS won 4 awards at the Japan Golden Disc Awards! BTS: We’re very happy to be receiving the Best Asian Artist award for the 2nd year in a row, following last year. Tysm to the ARMY who give us lots of love and support whenever and wherever we are. + 
@WHO why don't you call COVID-19. The Asian Flu you guys are already racists for the Spanish Flu. 
The Houston Zoo is expecting a HUGE delivery this spring—a baby elephant. Asian elephant Shanti is pregnant and will give birth this spring! Shanti is already mom to nine-year-old Baylor, six-year-old Duncan, and two-year-old Joy. Read more:  
[INFO] @BTS_twt BTS ganó 4 premios en los 34° Golden Disc Awards de Japon : - Best Asian Artist - Best 5 Singles - Song of the Year by Download - Best Music Video #BTSARMY #BestFanArmy #iHeartAwards 
That hurt my heart to see the old Chinese man getting assaulted in the Bayview. We live in the same, we struggle the same, let’s not resort to horizontal violence or drumming up Anti-Black or Anti-Asian sentiment. THIS IS WHAT GENTRIFIERS WANT
At the 34th Japanese Golden Disc Awards, @BTS_twt won 4 awards: - Best Asian Artist - Best 5 Singles - Song of the Year by Download - Best Music Video #BTS  …
There's no place like home and on 2/28/20 he  home to the TDBank North, Boston, MA. It time for a family reunion with all the fans and family. See you there and then, after the show? Well, for me the Kowloon, for the best in Asian cuisine.  home son see you soon.
So because BTS is an Asian group, they MUST be carrying the virus?? So it’s a dangerous situation to interact with Asians because you think you’ll somehow get magically sick. You’re a racist  …
Marvel phase 4 really went in with these Asian superheroes 
Will the next Bob’s “family friendly” Disney also strip a female char of her own power&attribute it to a man b/c she offended some sexists, take away an Asian woman’s role b/c she offended some racists&kill off  byronic hero b/c he offended some dudes’ masculinity?
I agree. But I think every Asian country needs to be transparent as well. It seems a bit weird that the virus hopscotched from China to Iran and has hardly impacted any other country in the Middle East. It’s not like Iran has a monopoly on mismanaging a crisis.  …
If you're the reporter who asked @SecAzar not to call #COVID19 the "Chinese" #Coronavirus, please call my office so I can thank you for helping to stop the spread of xenophobia that has put anyone who even looks Asian at risk of prejudice and violence.  …
/SNSD/ Taeyeon - Fine Live in Jakarta Countdown Asian Games 2018 
Goldman has cut 1Q 2020 growth forecasts for #China & other Asian econs as intensity of econ shock in China appears to exceed that in prev scenario, w/more severe declines in both production & consumption. Expects Japan to drop into recession, cut Q1 2020 GDP forecast to -0.3%. 
For generations, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders have been integral to our nation’s progress—often in spite of mistreatment and discrimination. Today, I'm proud to release  policy to address barriers and empower the  
Watching BJ flanked by Asian-origin cabinet ministers in a desperate attempt to prove he is not the racist that he is. You don't fool anyone, BJ. These ultra right-wing people may show an element of diversity, but they don't reflect the needs & desires of the majority. #PMQs
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 – Level 2 Wildcard: Xiao Zhan vs Wang Yibo Me: 
Trump Victory hosted a TVLI training for  in VA with @TommyHicksGOP & @jepence when #DemDebate continues to promote their socialist policies. Asian voters will NEVER allow USA to  a socialist country because so many of us ACTUALLY LIVED under one! 
ASIAN Handicap Inspired By @BettingRepublic And @MsRollover *5 Events *8+ Odds 1xBet Booking - 8VE6V 
Happy 10k followers Congrats me with $10/$100/IDR100.000/IDR1.000.000 or whatever cus i want everything, all of you, your body, mind, soul, money, EVERYTHING! link on my bio • #finD mistress findom asian indonesia • 
Check out Vintage Antique Tapestry Hand Made Embroidery Burmese Kalaga Asian Wall Art  via 
It was recently spreading in Italy and there were several cases in Spain, and in my knowledge, none of the cases were directly an Asian carrier so far. If you are living in Barcelona and afraid, Asian-looking residents next door are probably not on your priority to avoid.
There is no problem for me to understand the fear people have. But it seems to me that for many people here, this virus COVID19 has an Asian face. But that is not true. It was just born in China, but it spreads without a face.
It made me really angry that a pharmacist could think of refusing to hand over a medication, simply because someone looks asian. Later that day, I've got to know that the COVID19 finally arrived in Catalunya. It seems it's spreading quite fast all over Spain, which was expected.
Another Asian-region slot team finishes dead last at another super big stacked event??? Oh my god how could this be happening I thought they were going to improve and giving the same 2 teams from the Asian region a permanent way to big events wasn't a waste of slots??
Me: Can I get a beer please? Barkeeper: We have Corona, Heineken and Pilsner. Me: You definitely don’t want an Asian guy with Corona at your bar. Barkeeper: Easiest free drink ever.
IFAW: Conservation win for endangered Asian elephants as vital protection is awarded 
#JAEHYUN is nominated in LVL 2 of the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round poll  … You can votes as many times as you want. Voting closes on Feb 29th (11pm KST). Current Rank: #2 Jaehyun 48,68% (16,180 votes) #NCT127 
#TAEYONG is nominated in LVL 2 of the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round poll  … You can votes as many times as you want. Voting closes on Feb 28th (11pm KST). Current Rank: #1 Taeyong 51,87% (14,147 votes) #NCT127 
The agenda, first reported by NBC Asian America, will provide more educational resources for AAPI groups in need. One expert says his immigration plan could do more to help AAPI. 
A temporary travel ban on South Korea is now in place. The number of confirmed cases of the coronavirus in the East Asian country has jumped to more than 1,200.  
Butigieg has released a wide-ranging agenda for the Asian American and Pacific Islander population. 
At the 12th Ani Ng Dangal Awards w/ NCCA Deputy Executive Dir. Marichu Tellano and Alden Richards, who won the Asian Star Prize at the 14th Seoul International Drama Awards in South Korea last August 2019 @aldenrichards02 #ALDENxAniNgDangal2020 #ALDENRichards Marie 
@TheJakeChoi #FAAM Fine Ass Asian Man 
Among the victims of #Coronavirus: Asian businesses suffering from public hysteria. While in Erbil I thought I would show a bit of solidarity with a local business and enjoy some excellent pad thai & lamb curry w/ @AshleyDurec. Let’s hear it for taking a science-based 
Siamese cats in the lady and the tramp representing asian people as duplicitous and vicious 
Horrifying moment a crowd mocks and racially-abuses an elderly Asian man for picking up recycables in the street  
For winning the Asian Star Prize at the 14th Seoul International Drama Awards in South Korea last year, Asia's Multimedia Star #AldenRichards is one of the awardees for this year's Ani Ng Dangal Awards tonight at the Malacañang. Congratulations! 
i got accepted, but i didn't take the job. I went there this morning and some employees made corona virus jokes on me since i was asian and was wearing a mask. im sorry but i can't be around these ppl  …
Coronavirus can get here from air travel. The wall won't prevent that. Also, when is your Dad, Mehogany & Jared getting back from their Asian trip? Shall we quarantine them just to be safe?  …
Sadly the victims of "Asian Grooming" were never allowed to be girls, but by the time they see justice the girls are women. Having them wait twenty years is twenty years too long. Now we have a real government I hope the victims get real answers as to why?  …
A PPP success story. The Economist included Sindh as a ‘potential model of best practice’ in its study evaluating the environment for public-private partnership in Asian countries. 
International recognition. This is why he is receiving the Ani ng Dangal. It's mentioned here that he won the Asian Star Prize at the Seoul Drama Awards & his Martial Law docudrama, Alaala, won at the New York Festivals. @aldenrichards02 #ALDENxAniNgDangal2020  …
. @aldenrichards02 is an Awardee of the 12th Ani ng Dangal Awards citing his Asian Star Prize from the Seoul Drama Awards. Congrats #AldenRichards #ALDENxAniNgDangal2020 
Alden Richards won the Asian Star Prize at the 14th Seoul International Drama Awards in South Korea last August. | via 
Tax paying process is now as easy as 1-2-3 with TaxWhizPH mobile app Download the app now! #TaxWhizPH #JamesReid SUBSCRIBE: TaxWhizPH channel DOWNLOAD: TaxWhizPH app LIKE/FOLLOW: Tax Whiz PH page Tax managed by Asian Consulting Group - ACG taxwhizph 
Asian Age Snippet: "Shahid cuts birthday cake with wife Mira" @shahidkapoor  
This is a start, but could be better. “I apologize” is not “I’m sorry.” And who are you apologizing to? Apologize to BTS, ARMY, and to Asian people as a whole. Know better, do better.
We, South Asian Women in Media (SAWM), condemn attacks on journalists covering Delhi riots. We are alarmed by the seeming inaction of the police.We demand that authorities uphold freedom of speech @SwatiBhattach14 @tallstories @bachikarkaria @maya206 @payalmehta100
Most Test Runs In Outside Asia By Asian Captains: 2003 - VIRAT KOHLI (37) 1509 - Misbah-Ul-Haq (40) 1374 - MS Dhoni (48) 1318 - M Azharuddin (36) @imVkohli Has  The First Asian Captain To Score 2000 Test Runs In Outside Asia 
And before any of you mfs tell me to block and go SHUT THE FUCK UP. I'm an ASIAN in North America. I've literally had people move bus seats when I get on the bus cuz of racism backlash from COVID-19. This shit ANGERS me and I'm gonna speak on it.  …
- the Asian artists that systematically lose exposure (ex. radio play) cuz of open and blatant racism - the innocent Asian civilians that suffer from racist backlash cuz of the COVID-19 You writing an article cuz you were asked to, thinking you're suddenly helping the (cont.)
You want an explanation? @Jeff__Benjamin Here. Writing about  =/= productive conversation about racism ESPECIALLY when you frame your words to sound like the angered party should be a fandom and not the: - Asian artists  were directed to (Cont.) 
Horrifying moment a crowd mocks and racially-abuses an elderly Asian man for picking up recycables in the street 
Many black, Asian and minority ethnic trainee doctors are experiencing a “climate of fear” at medical schools amid a failure to address widespread racism, according to the British Medical Association.  …
If this was a black man or a asian man would he of been released?
I think you can remove ‘white’. The wives of many Asian men in academic are not even staying home and are still doing most of parenting/chores. I used to think that our generation would do better until I was really really disappointed
I remember as a university student taking a course on South Asian history, my professor (whose book we were also reading) made it a point to say that secularism in India was just a facade - & and had been so all these years - that professor was right and history has proved it
The Asian dream. It's a big one at the Fortress today. Come on, BFC! 
We are pleased to share that our CEO & Co-Founder @zibin is being featured alongside 21 other top technopreneurs in Asia in the book called "Asian Founders at Work" To learn more about tech startups in Asia, here’s the link to the book @amazon  
WHY ARE ASIAN MEN SO DAMN FINE FOR
Asian stocks, Treasury yields fall as pandemic fears intensify  
Although release of #LittleWomen was postponed in #China due to the coronavirus, Chinese fans can see lead actor #TimothéeChalamet @RealChalamet soon on the cover of Dazed China. This is the first time he will appear on the cover of an Asian magazine. 
Why is South Korea doing a musical about Tupac and got a asian man playing Tupac HELLO?!?!!!!! 
"We’ve now reached the moment to qualify again." @IRAQFA full-back Ali Adnan says everything is in place for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup champions to end their long #WorldCup drought
Why are Central Asian countries so quiet on Uighur persecution?  
The “asian mother that didnt allow game consoles in the house” starter pack  
I am so glad that someone did this study. Disaggregating “Asian” highlights the tremendous health inequalities faced by Filipinos.  …
From #Baahubali to Salman Khan's #bajrangibhaijaan and Aamir Khan's #Dangal - take a look at some prominent Bollywood film posters that got a makeover when the films released in Asian markets Via  …
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 – Level 2 Wildcard: Xiao Zhan vs Wang Yibo 
South Asian representation!! 
Ilustrado Certificate New York Film Festival Awards 2016 Alaala Silver World Medal New York Film Festival 2018 Asian Star Prize Seoul Drama Awards 2019 SocMed First Place SocMed Take-over ALDEN RICHARDS NAMIC (New York) 2017 #AldenRichards 
[DAILY REMINDER] Remember to vote for TAEYONG in STARMOMETER’S 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round (LVL 2). He is currently in 1st place but make sure to vote to help widen the gap. Voting ends February 28th. #NCT127 #TAEYONG @NCTsmtown_127  
who are your favorite fine-ass, fierce-ass, Asian male leads? Hit me!
People miss the smart Asian guy at the debates who didn't talk much, but said a lot when he did. #CouldaHadYang #YangGangForever #UBI #FreedomDividend
Barley tea is a roasted-grain-based infusion made from barley which is a staple across East Asian regions like the Koreas, China, Japan, and Taiwan. It has a toasty flavor, with slight bitter undertones.
However most boys are simply not raised that way. Call it a culture thing whatever, any hispanic, southeast asian, or black boys with siblings are typically raised with WAY more leniency then their sisters. Like its such  thing that im so shocked twitter just dont see it.
Ok i still eat the dollar menu. My asian ass like to save money.
The dude sitting at the table next to me (white) is explaining how he has lightsaber chopsticks in different colors to his date (asian)
Asian stocks, Treasury yields fall as pandemic fears intensify  
Guys, while all the racists are avoiding asian restaurants, hit them up while there are no lines!
also, every asian parent:  …
These pressed rice cakes are a favorite Southeast Asian dessert 
A moment of history #OnThisDay in 2014, as @BSantalab scored WSW's first-ever Asian goal...and within the 1st minute of their debut! #ACL | #OTD | 
Please note that @ewarren pushed out a detailed coronavirus plan last month, giving AAPI volunteers time to translate the plan into a number of Asian languages. Take THAT #COVID19  …
Alden received an international reconition last year, the Asian Star Prize at the Seoul International Drama Awards. This is why he is also getting recognition from the NCCA. @aldenrichards02 #ALDENxAniNgDangal2020  …
The Ani ng Dangal (Harvest of Honors) Award recognizes artists who have earned international awards and accolades during the past year. Alaala - Silver World Medal 2018 New York Festival Awards Asian Star Prize - Seoul Drama Awards 2019 #AldenRichards 
I hope this mans heart still has faith in his future and his family. This is what asian people have to deal with daily. I’m beyond  and angry that this is what we have to go through every day; I wish for all my asian brothers and sisters to make it home safe
No movie tonight We decided to do a #foodtruck #Datenight we eating something from Hot Asian buns I keep calling them Tacos I told him it’s better then say eating Hot asian buns but technically it’s a Taco #TacoTuesday Also in Two half weeks I marry Him #loveislove 
Bila world tour start from Seoul then terus jump to American countries and banyak stops pula. Im speechless I really am. Jadi macam asian countries ni 2nd phase dah not priority enimore. You know what I mean.
“there is not a liberal America and a conservative America — there is the United States of America. There is not a black America and a white America and Latino America and Asian America — there's the United States of America” @BarackObama Clean Bandit - Rather be 
Asian businesses, and especially restaurants, and especially restaurants in Chinatown, are seeing plummets in their customers with all this racist, ignorant coronavirus stigma. If you have the time and the means, consider getting dinner at your local Chinatown this week!
In 2016 I was front row at a big @BernieSanders speech and he said the typical “Black, Brown, Asian” diversity run down, and I yelled “and Native American” and he looked right at me and repeated “and Native American.” This time around I’ve noticed we’re always part of the list.
Idgaf about what your opinions are on “Asian trains”- if you spew this racist hurtful bullshit, please don’t join  Just bcuz we‘re  doesnt mean we will tolerate your hate. We can have an honest dialogue about behaviors at events without being discriminatory  …
the hollywood corona virus movie will have it's origin in Kentucky, Australia or Norway. It will be some white hicks who ate road-kill & drank mountain dew. A team of scientists who will be Asian, Indian,and Black American will save the world the endtimes.
I want to know how each of these candidates would address the public health implications of a coronavirus outbreak while protecting the rights of Asian Americans subjected to racism, discrimination, and fear. #DemDebate
As a cricketer, I think I have been fortunate enough to represent the World Team twice, and privileged to have the opportunity to represent the Asian team for this year. Thank you all 
Where all my fellow asian ravers at lets all sync up and cough and sneeze our way to rails EZ  …
Bernie Sanders: “If you want to beat Trump what you’re going to need is an unprecedented, grassroots movement of black and white and Latino, Native American and Asian people who are standing up and fighting for justice. That’s what our movement is about.”  
As this wild #DemDebate unfurls, 100 *more* Asian American and Pacific Islander leaders have just endorsed @ewarren to be our next president of the United States. We believe in  …
the people I follow are so diverse; k pop stans, hot asian girls, musicians, artists, sex workers, shit posters, weebs, ravers
A few of #ALDENRichards’ RECENT awards: Asian Star Prize Leading Man of Sentenaryo Phenomenal Star of Ph Cinema Film Actor of the Year Ani ng Dangal conferred by Natl Comm for Culture & the Arts @aldenrichards02 wins The #Roadto10WithALDEN is really promising!
Throughout the Trump Administration, Americans have seen RECORD LOW unemployment! In January: Black American unemployment—6% Hispanic American unemployment—4.3% Asian American unemployment—3% ALL Americans are benefitting from the @realDonaldTrump economy. #DemDebate
asian twitter stopped being simps and finally got cuffed
mmMmMMMmm asian men i want them in my mouf
i barely changed the accessories but i changed the skin and hair guess they didnt like that anyways stan black lalondes and asian harleyberts 
Glad you admit you're against God Flag America Veterans Working Americans Secure Borders Unborn lives Constitutional rights Law & order Legal immigration Prison reform USMCA Booming economy Lowest Black, Asian, & Hispanic unemployment ever Go cry yourself to sleep, Bernie  …
I knew these asian twitter bandits are defo stupid. Man thinks my name is billy  …
Remember folks, if the shit gets crazy and all of the grocery stores are empty, go to your local asian grocery store. They’ve got all kinds of shit that Americans won’t eat.
Just got this from a friend in Washington DC: "There is an Asian event in D.C. tonight, but a lot of people are canceling because of #Coronavirus fears." So, it has arrived here in the US! #COVID2019 #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus usa
It actually is racist and you have no say in what is or is not offensive to Asian culture unless you are Asian. Stay in your lane  …
apparently the most optimal way to get a dorm room to urself is to be asian 
Did you know? Girls' Generation and BLACKPINK are the only female groups to appear on the list of most famous asian artists in the United States. 
american armys be getting more dates while we asian armys just wait and wait and wait and wait and wait and keep waiting 
australian armys: hello we have worked hard to get bts recognition in our racist country & have 4 gold certified songs & charted you as #1 aria & u were the first asian language artist to do so we have worked hard with other stuff pls give dates bighit: 
i started going by a new name irl in these past few months (partly motivated by me wanting to distance my work life from my writing). but now people are like “wait, has anyone said you look like chrysanthemum tran?” um who? are you assuming that bc we’re asian? that’s... racist
i know this  as a huge shock to a lot of you but there are white people in puerto rico, cuba, spain (lmao!), and literally every single country in latin america. there are also black people, asian people, and indigenous people. crazy!  …
As a leader, somebody find that Asian man for me. I personally got a bankroll for him. Spread that like y’all spread the negative
Asian women I’m trying to tell mfs they the wave
Nah rude! Something similar happened to an Asian guy on here recently, his photo also got rejected cos they thought his eyes were closed
Glad to be the only female Pakistani badminton player to be a part of the Asian Olympic Project (AOP) 2020. The AOP is a development program of Badminton Asia in which 20 players from across the Asia are selected, and are provided with training opportunities and scholarships. 
Selina and Tom have an agreement to team up to attack Bernie—sorry, Kemi. Tom betrays Selina by defending Kemi’s healthcare-for-all plan as exactly what’s needed to deal with the coronavirus. Selina makes a highly insensitive hand washing joke that costs her the Asian vote.  …
Both my middle school kids told me independently that kids at school have  up to them and coughing at them because they are Asian. Seriously?! In #NYC? In 2020? #coronavirus I told them to wear a mask with "I don't want to catch your racism" on it. Makes me 
Rapper @AnikKhan_ on his immigration story and the weight  with being a South Asian performer of a historically Black art form. PLUS, a look at his new music video! 
Brock not being black is so weird for me! I mean, I know he never was, but I always read Brock as black, Misty as white, and Ash as Asian. Brock is the Piccolo of Pokemon.  …
Let me take the time to say that this is NOT an opportunity to assault, isolate, or attack Asian people. In fact, Asian businesses are suffering. Especially in  (i.e. Chinatown, Chicago) so instead go  that are suffering  …
The BBC's head of drama argues the corporation must "repurpose" classic novels by giving them female, black and Asian characters Beam me up Scotty....
If the #CoronavirusOutbreak gets worse, it will be particularly devastating for Las Vegas. We rely heavily on tourism, especially Asian tourism. If you work in the industry, start saving your tips. We could experience a similar downturn like we did in 2008. Praying we don’t.
I know many of us are scared about the CDC’s announcement that a coronavirus outbreak is  to America. We may even have to change our behaviors to be more physically isolated from each other. It is under these conditions racism against Asian Americans can turn deadly.
Can we stop pointing to emissions reductions gained as a result of fear, suffering, and turmoil experienced by hundreds of millions of Asian people in the face of a pandemic as a net positive for the world? Please?  …
My piece w/ @jungkimphd & my son, Nate, "Feeling Not Asian Enough: Issues of Heritage-Language Loss, Development, and Identity" is out today. It's a deeply personal piece about our language journeys. You should all read it:  …
Asian girls flirt by staring at your posts  …
Talked to Queens rapper @AnikKhan_ about his new video, his immigration story and the weight  with being a South Asian performer of a historically Black art form for  …
Asian w*men with valley g*rl accents freak me out so much. It sounds so unnatural. They’re always ugly
I'm gearing up for a project, so I'm looking for writers - particularly (but not exclusively) women and writers of African, Polynesian, aboriginal Australian, Japanese, SE Asian, or First Peoples/Native American descent/identity. Hit me up here or 
It is not OK to be hateful towards Asian people due to the #coronavirus it is equally not OK to put a photo of a Hasidic Jew as the background for this story, its almost like WaPo wants to make anti semitism even worse than it is already. #deleteit
The same folk who praise Asians as a 'model minority' will turn on Asians immediately over something like coronavirus, bc their supposed respect for Asian folks is bullshit: calculated to bash black folks & divide and conquer POC who should be teaming up to smash white supremacy
when she only likes asian boys : 
i reallyyy don’t understand why asian parents feel the need  you to some next aunties child
Democrats. Republicans. Jews. Christians. African Americans. Hispanic Americans. Asian Americans. Progressives. Conservatives. Veterans. Students. LGBTQ+. Americans of all stripes. 
Humanitarian/Hypocrite test. If you care about child abuse in catholic clubs, or Asian ‘grooming gangs’ but not in the biggest grooming gang of all - the UK establishment - then it’s not child abuse you care about. You’re just satiating your prejudices. Fight it everywhere.  …
Daniel Chopra has 2 PGA TOUR wins, an Asian Tour win, 3 KFT wins, 1 Challenge Tour win, and over $10 Million in world wide earnings... Yet after making the cut in Puerto Rico, flew home Sunday night late, got up Mon and played a FL Elite 2 day event...And won 
One last thing. It’s also important to be aware that anti-blackness DOES exist in the  In situations where a Black person is being prejudice against an Asian person, it’s important not to attack the  as a whole because that begets more hostility.
So, do you guys also oppose arts organizations specifically for Jewish, Black, Latino and Asian people?  …
Sindh Govt as a ‘potential model of best practice’ in its study evaluating the environment for public-private partnership in Asian countries. @BBhuttoZardari @MacMehmoodshah
"I don't know Asian/African/Arab/Indigenous history, so there should be a glossary of terms to help me keep things straight" US, HAVING ALREADY SIMPLIFIED OUR CULTURES AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE JUST TO MAKE THEM STORY-SHAPED: 
I’m tired of seeing fake-woke Asians starting riots when witnessing racism against an asian person while simultaneously saying absolutely nothing to their friends who use the n word on a daily basis. Y’all ain’t fighting this battle correctly. And that concludes my ted talk.
South Asian activists have been ringing the alarms for months, even years. Modi is dangerous. Hindu nationalism is toxic. Ethnic cleansing and genocide is their brand. These extremists targeted Sikhs in the 80s and have been ruthlessly going after Muslims & Dalits under Modi.  …
Being Asian-American, I feel we should be aware that— Yes, we ARE oppressed, and, yes, it’s vital that we fight against that oppression; however, systematically, we have more opportunities than most other races—and it’s important for us, as allies, to stand up for them as well.
As #COVIDー19 fears continue to spread, we fight back with these facts: There are no confirmed cases of the virus in NYC. Global concern about this virus does not justify anti-Asian discrimination. If you have faced discrimination because of your race, we can help. 
Fredo is so funny twitter horoscope twitter Asian Twitter Twitter KPOP twitter DBE is top 1 twitter M Huncho twitter Bally Twitter Simp Twitter only God can judge me twitter stan twitter SJW twitter there's a lot more to list looool  …
Pancake day in an Asian household 
good contrast in modern propaganda figures here. The South Asian ("education is the most important thing in the world and girl who got shot in the face by islamic extremists for going to school") versus the nordic "The climate is more important than school" little girl religions  …
I like how I can ask Asian Americans where they’re from and they don’t take offense and just say “the Bay Area” or whatever (including Asia) because we know we’re not questioning each other’s origins or belonging.
Just did groceries, taxi'd back because of the amount. I left the poor driver, this tiny old asian guy, absolutely in awe as me, his towering blonde amazonian princess carried more than his body weight in groceries inside without help or strain. Priceless
Its super late you better sleep Asian blinks: #RoséEnSaintLaurent 
260 Million Christian's Persecuted and Almost 10,000 Christian Churches Attacked in 2019 as New Report on Worldwide Christian Persecution Sounds Alarms This is shocking so many Christians are still being persecuted against in Asian and Muslim countries!  …
It’s seems that the @UKCivilService has something against a Home Secretary of Asian descent? Should they perhaps be investigated over this? #InstitutionalRacism maybe? Just a thought
i saw a tiktok of an asian american girl saying she didn't understand why other kids hated vegetables when she was growing up until she went over to a friend's house and the mom opened a can of corn, microwaced it for 2 minutes, then served it for dinner
With Black students leading, the #NotAgainSU coalition has occupied Syracuse University’s admissions building since Feb. 17. They are protesting inaction in dealing with anti-Black, anti-Asian, anti-Indigenous, anti-Semitic and homophobic incidents. 
Perhaps the BBC should set itself up as a channel purely for black and Asian people, because it seems to be alienating some white indigenous people by altering and manipulating our basic culture and literature for seemingly racist and propaganda purposes.
...evaluates environment for public-private partnership in Asian countries made an exception to include Sindh along Gujrat in India, ‘as potential models of best practice’. Sindh ranks 6th of 19 entities assessed. Its ranking was three places above Pakistan that was 9th...’ 2/2
Man his salt levels are off the charts. Literally made an entire video about an obscure Asian kids flick just to dunk on Sonic some more. Jesus Christ Bob 
In today’s episode of HBL PSL #HamarayHeroes Powered by @InverexSolar, let’s meet Naseem Hameed who is a Pakistani athlete, who became the fastest woman in South Asia after winning 2010 South Asian Games gold . Join us as we find out her story:  
people sure get testy when you challenge their desire to believe in "super scary" asian "death cults". probably nothing to worry about  …
Splashdown! Asian small-clawed otters’ coats are water repellent. Air pockets within their coat keep them insulated and dry while under water. Visit Valerie, Chowder, Rutabaga and Kevin at Asia Trail! PLAN YOUR VISIT:  
It’s official — along with Noh & John, I’ll be judging this year’s Lucien Stryk Asian Translation Prize for the American Literary Translators Association. An honor to recognize Asian translation for literature. Deadline: April 20.  …
white people: *vandalizing asian restaurants over the coronavirus and verbally/physically harassing asian people for wearing masks* also white people: 
best storytelling. no live action shows can beat it. my  is that for a fantasy inspired by Asian/indigenous cultures, the characters act like typical westerners?  …
This is how Asian boys get fed when  home after a long day of cat calling girls and revving their engines  …
Chief US diplomat for South Asian affairs, Alice Wells, expressed concern over the Pakistan government's new social media regulations, adding that they "could be a setback to freedom of expression and development of digital economy". 
Putting this out there, because I definitely noticed that The Chronicle didn't quote any women of color (much less Asian American women) academics on here in their story. Here's a reminder - racism+sexism are real and they affect Asian American women, yes, even in academia.  …
Of course the ⁦ @chronicle⁩, which covers news of higher education, neglects to quote a single tweet by or interview any Asian American female faculty in their coverage of this new show starring Sandra Oh. Typical. H/t ⁦  …
If you don't think there's a greater problem of actual racism in the  then facts don't matter to you. Notice how it's not some one-off individual treating someone terribly. It's a large group who all unanimously behave this way towards this asian man  …
For the love of God WHY???? There are stories with black, asian and female characters, why change old classics? these people are off their heads! Who are they trying to please?  …
this is what asian dudes from hawai'i and cali sound like bc they have no personality other  abt how they don't get laid bc of white supremacist standards of masculinity -- they adopt a Black persona bc mimicking Black men = sex appeal apparently
I re-worked 4, YES 4!! X-Men movies and pitched them here on this podcast. So much mega mutant mayhem!!! Here’s a taste of re-casting talk. “I don’t care is Cyclopes is black and Jean Grey is his Asian twink boyfriend, I just want big themes and cool action!!”  …
Don't be a racist ass. If someone of Asian descent sneezes near you, that doesn't mean they have the Coronavirus and we're all going to die. I live in Seattle and traveled recently to Chicago. My chances of infection are higher than theirs.
Why not just use some African, Asian, Arab classic novels and stories, fact and fiction. Educate us on their histories. Great for Bame directors, writers, actors. So much to choose from, would love to see historical Chinese, Japanese, Egyptian TV/Movies
Asian grooming gangs are Muslim says Trevor Phillips  via @MailOnline I Concur Trevor But Trouble is I am Pink & Fat If I was to utter what you did I would be Arrested & Jailed :O/ So nowts going to get done because of the racist Fear :O(
1950s :: Indian Football Coach Syed Abdul Rahim , Under His Guidance Indian Football Team Won Gold In 1951 & 1962 Asian Games and Reached In Semifinal of 1956 Olympic Games 
Just picked up my preorder of #SamuraiShodown from @GameStop... I already had an Asian English copy, but it’s good enough I decided to double-dip to make DLC purchases/access more seamless between multiple #NintendoSwitch units. It can be played without updates! 
The only time you should ever “drain rice” is when you’re washing it BEFORE COOKING! If there’s water in the pot AFTER COOKING you did it WRONG. Thank you. Also put a lil salt unless you’re asian then it’s fine.
When @iamsrk sat with BBC Asian Networks to respond to his fans live. If you haven’t already, it’s a must-watch:  #SRK 
NEW California poll asked respondents who they most wanted to be the next president: Asian American voters: Sanders 22% Trump 18% Bloomberg 12% Warren 9% Biden 7% Buttigieg 6% Klobuchar 2% Steyer 1%
Basically, in the UK, if you're rich and in a position of power, abusing children is ok and you cannot be touched. The media had a field day with the Asian grooming gangs stories but there is nothing about white rich establishment gangs operating in Westminster abusing children
Y’all go follow the first Asian Trap God I ever knew existed Ladies don’t be shy go get your wig paid for Fellas use this as motivation, you’re not going hard enough IG: Onedropent_ 
Among Weinstein's lesser crimes: Miramax was the Democratic Party of art-house distributors. “Of course we want to release that Asian movie. We just have to cut out 25 minutes and dub it. This has to play in the Midwest, be realistic.”
crowd scenes are so much more fun to draw when you know who THEY are and can tell tiny background stories XD (I also somehow managed to find a panel with only Black/Brown/Asian people) 
The effects: lowest unemployment rate for African Americans, Hispanic Americans, & Asian Americans in history.
One year ago, I had the pleasure of presenting our work on main stage of the Asian Society for Cardiovascular & Thoracic Surgery meeting--finally seeing #GlobalCardiacSurgery on academic agenda. Much done since, but much left to do--and everyone can help:  …  
Rent is due at the end of the month and i need help paying rent. I am a southeast Asian, trans person and i am short. I need around $200. My venmo is @Ashley-Philavong I also have cashapp and paypal Anything and everything helps.
If you are of African, Polynesian, aboriginal Australian, Japanese, Indian/SE Asian, or First Peoples/Native American descent/identity... Have a  of Pathfinder 2nd Edition... And want to write for that game... DM me.
If you're not South Asian you won't understand how familiar this is, how sickening this awareness of history. You won't understand but you must see.  …
Imagine thinking the US—which has spent literally its ENTIRE history brutalizing Black, Native, Middle Eastern, Southeast Asian, Central/South American, and Caribbean peoples—has the moral high ground over Cuba. Some of y'all really need to learn our history.
Asian blinks take a nap and be back around 3AM KST for YSL event to trend #.RoséEnSaintLaurent. I know its your rainbow unicorn dreamland time but let's give our very best to support rosé. Fighting! #KillThisLove by @ygofficialblink for #BestMusicVideo at the 
. @cathyparkhong's essay collection MINOR FEELINGS is a dive into the psychological condition of being Asian American and a leftist call-to-arms against capitalism, imperialism, and racism. I wrote a profile of Cathy in my first story for @zoramag  …
“Many Asian Americans still suffer from internalized racism that makes us equate happiness — and status — with proximity to Whiteness. We think that if we work hard enough and be good capitalists, we will finally find belonging.”  …
Can my peace-loving Twitter followers please help me identify this Asian man in the video below? I want to reimburse him the value of the cans that were stolen from him, and help him out. He shouldn’t wait through the investigations, if any. Comment below with any info please.  …
Oman, the only Asian Associate in the  WT20 "first round", are out Asia Cup Qualifiers from the sub-regional stage. Last year, Nepal failed to make the qualifiers for WT20 similarly. Reality keeps hurting ICC's "not  teams" narrative.
#BTSonFallon @BTS_twt from a small group of a small label in a small Asian country to the biggest group in the world... 
fondly remembering how i had a crush on this girl in 4th grade and she told me she didn’t like me bc i was ugly, and when i brought it up years later when we were in high school she was like “oh i said that to be nice, i just thought you were asian.”
"With @BTS_twt #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_7 making waves around the world, no surprises for BTS having  the first Asian artist to reach the 5bn streams milestone on Spotify. As of this month (Feb 2020) BTS now have more than 8bn streams." #KCA  …
New poll in CA finds broad support for @BernieSanders among blacks, Latinos, Asian-Americans. The biggest division is by age. In all groups, Sanders dominates among young, lags w elders.  …
In the wake of Asian Flat Croissant, I propose  up with names for Western foods in a Malaysian context. Croissant = roti bom gulung Spaghetti Alfredo = maggi goreng cheese Boeuf bourguignon = rendang tok kuah anggur merah Hotdog = roti john daging lekor
After Sir Jimmy Savile scandal, we could see police acting "really seriously" on child abuse - by not giving a shit about thousands of British white boys and girls drugged and raped by "Asian" paedophile gangs. UK state is corrupt, picks laws it wants to implement. #PoliticsLive
PROXIMA ESTACION… AHMEDABAD !!!! #ELCHAPULINSOLO IN INDIA!!!!!!!! THIS FRIDAY 28/2 20.30h Amphitheatre Natarani #SIBERIEMETAITCONTEEE #MANUCHAO More info about the ASIAN TOUR in:  
Priti Patel is possibly the only female, Asian-heritage public figure in the UK who enjoys absolutely none of the protections of political correctness, says Brendan O’Neill  …
1/7 #IndianAmericansAgainstHindutva: South Asian students around the country are planning a #HoliAgainstHindutva, happening on college campuses in March. Visit  to learn more, including how to organize your own event.
On Sunday, the Asian Pirate Musical crew are heading into China town post-show for some solidarity celebratory dinner - join us! #iwilleatwithyou #lovechinatown  …
Racist  out of the woodwork. If you’re Asian and you’re in Italy, be safe or get the fuck out of that racist place cause is about to hot the fan!! 
How many times do Asian China specialists have to get told that we're omg aiding the China government narrative like we didn't get the same education and work experiences as our white counterparts
#LTP with @thomasmsengana & @PearlModiadie Chef Sakane Mahlatse, Founder Of Sakane's Kitchen And Orchid Events MENU: • Asian inspired sesame seed chicken and glass noodle stir fry • Arancini balls with cream cheese and chives • Pear Rocket, Blue Cheese, Parma ham on brusette 
Under @SadiqKhan Tower Hamlets is having a surge in stop & search Nearly 80% of stops resulted in no further action Under our Labour Mayor - Black and  are being targeted for repeated hassle Only @sianberry is challenging the  …
[] Top Ten Awards FINALS Asian ATINY, it’s the FINAL DAY!!  • sign up w/ different accounts • scroll down & select ATEEZ • vote up to 30x today per account! See how to collect voting tickets. @ATEEZofficial #ATEEZ 
Newsflash: calling Asian artists "manufactured" or "plastic" is.......say it with me, folks........ R A C I S T.
Why are Central Asian countries so quiet on Uighur persecution?  
The Pied Piper of #Witham. The daughter of Ugandan Asian immigrants Dog Whistles and the rabid rats #Redwood #IDS #Drax #Halfon  out to squeak their support of her ‘policy’. Along with the hypocrites #Sharma #Cleverly #Braverman #Sunak… #Moronavirus sweeps the 
VIDEO: Chinese tourists are scarce, and non-Chinese Asian tourists are unwillingly suffering from widespread fears over the coronavirus: in Paris, a favourite European destination for the Chinese, the effects of the epidemic are impacting the tourism sector 
Stand in solidarity against #CoronaRacism & join us in a #iwilleatwithyou campaign the weekend. Just dine out at your local East Asian eatery & share a photo on social media to show you #LoveChinaTown & #HateRacism 
It Will be a treat to watch all these Asian stars representing the same team. #Cricket Here's the full Asia XI squad:  
Happy 39th birthday Ji-Sung Park! First Asian to win the UCL First Asian to captain United MOTM vs Barca in 2008 UCL semi finals. Pocketed Pirlo. Destroyed Arsenal. Scored in UCL quarter & semi-final. Big. Game. Player. 
Video recorded in the San Francisco area shows a black man stealing cans from an East Asian man & attempting to hit him. The people around laugh. The cameraman, who posted this on Instagram, says, “I hate Asians.” @SFPD is asking for 
Happy Birthday Ji-sung Parkone of our own The first Asian footballer to have won the UEFA Champions League and the first Asian to have won the FIFA Club World Cup. #MUFC 
I think every organisation, school, and government that issued quarantines over people who travelled to and/or had ties to China/East Asia without also explicitly condemning racism against people of Asian descent should be held accountable for the rise in Sinophobic hate crimes  …
so you're telling me scarlett johansson is playing the plant and the Asian street vendor in little shop of horrors 
The Indian government recognizes that only the U.S. has the power to prevent China from  an Asian hegemon. This shared interest is and will remain the foundation of the U.S.-Indian partnership, write Robert D. Blackwill & Ashley J. Tellis. 
India likely to play an international friendly away on March 31. Almost certainly will be an Asian opponent #Indianfootball
This is a day of celebration not only to South Korea but also to the whole  Is there any Asian who has ever performed in the Grand Central other than @BTS_twt? In the entire 32 yeas I have lived I never knew one...Only them. THIS IS HISTORY. #BTSonFallonTonight
I Lost it, After the Asian Guy started to Cry. WTH is Wrong with People......What did he even Do, to Warrant THAT Behavior?! Besides ALLLL that, What Happened To 'RESPECTING Your Elders'?! And another thing, this SH** was NOT funny-To ALL the Ppl in the background!
I see a lot of people asking wtf is asian flat croissant and the answer is my tiddies hon hon bonjour je suis français mais aussi asian
The announcement that the investigation into Asian grooming gang withheld in our interests is BS. Let me guess, it will have found criticism into Asian attitudes, the police force, and the local councils and councillors involved in coverups all guilty but they can’t say it.  …
Nice reminder in today’s Asian Age of previous Sunday’s “Under the Banyan Tree on a Fullmoon Night” concert (overlooking 13th century Qutub Minar), an iconic monthly event organized by @TeamworkArts 
On behalf of the Philippine government, I thank Asian Development Bank President Masatsugu Asakawa for pledging his full support to the socio-economic reform agenda of the Duterte administration during his courtesy visit to President Rodrigo Duterte. 
Graph shows the preparedness of California high school seniors for college by race. The thing that really stands out is the size of the gap between Asian students (74% are prepared) and white students (54% prepared). 36% of Latino students and 24% of blacks are prepared. 
Lol after reading p1tchf9rk review I can summarize it into: The person reviewing just has diff music taste & thats ok BUT the person is also bitter with the success that these asian men has right now that everything reviewed end up w same conclusion, cash machine. Lol 
Happy 39th birthday Ji-Sung Park! First Asian to win the UCL First Asian to captain United MOTM vs Barca in 2008 UCL semi Pocketed Pirlo Destroyed Arsenal Scored in UCL quarter & semi-final The ultimate big game player! 
We've seen the Asian Flat Croissant, now we present the Italian Naan! Available to order on  (Credit:  
"Riots" in the capital during a US president's visit indicate a freefall into fascism. The world knows it, but China is too much of a threat for them to do much about it. So democracy will die, and they'll have two Asian behemoths inimical to the liberal order instead of one.
This asshole assaulted an old Asian man just because he was Asian. Happened in the Bay Area in Hunter Point. Do your thing, Twitter. Let’s find the jackass. 
The Left tells us not to worry about any coronavirus pandemic in our country. Any concern is more likely due to our Asian-China biases. Whoa, the race card Nevermind that there are only 3 properly equipped health labs across the country to detect the virus...for 327mil people 
maybe we could have blink-182 and 5SOS in the asian dates????
So last night, i showed this Asian Girl that I’m truly a smart Nigerian 
When an Asian Mom says there's food at home 
Is Australia really a successful multicultural country when not a single federal minister is Asian-Australian? Read Osmond Chiu’s @ChinaMattersAUS policy brief:  @redrabbleroz
We all love our Asian mom HAHAHAHAHA 
“We came from a small label and a small asian country and proved we could be mainstream” Namjoon @BTS_twt #BTSonFallon #BTS_NYC_TAKEOVER
The Asian longhorned tick is infecting Virginia cattle with a protozoa that can cause abortion and kill. This was predicted when this new tick turned up in NJ in 2017. This is significant.  …
Gojek and Grab, South East Asian superapp giants in merger talks  …
Asian economies are in a freefall. It looks like my suspicions weren't crazy after all when I said in late-2018 that the movie "Crazy Rich Asians" may have rung the bell at the top of Asia's wealth bubble.  …
like their family are all there....and it's not something you can catch just like that....other people in other asian countries are all living minutes away from disease control labs in public hospitals and no one's running away hhh.  …
asian countries rly do have the best public transport
For real, I'm more nervous about going back to the states as an Asian living in Asia than living in Asia with Corona In Taiwan there are controlled measures in place to stymy the spread of the virus. In America there seems to be nothing in place to stymy the spread of racism.
i feel bad for asian people that have to be racist towards themselves to be funny and even then it’s not funny like huhhhh
fondly remembering how i had a crush on this guy in 4th grade and he told me he didn’t like me bc i was asian, and when i brought it up years later when we were in high school he was like “oh i said that to be nice, i just didn’t think you were pretty.”
Powerful report from 72% of US medical students demonstrating mistreatment is disproportionately experienced by URM, female, Asian, and LGB. While I am not surprised, this knowledge is another nugget for me to fight #burnout and promote my  …
Asian doll is me IM ASIAN WHEN IM IN A RELATIONSHIP PERIOD!  …
Asian markets extend losses as outbreak’s ripple effects spread 
learn to hype your groups  them to / looking down on other groups... y'all sound like asian parents.
The incident that occurred against the elderly Asian man in Hunter’s Point today is heartbreaking and unacceptable. Please send information about the identities of those involved to @SFDAOffice.
ok let's discuss colorism in more recent movies then and how they'd rather hire a CAUCASIAN woman to play the role of a south asian rather than... a south asian... in 2020  …
Me First! Junko Tamashii/Jun Thompson Calm, clever, unstable Asian-american, Female, Straight 09/07/1966 light blue, hourglass? Junko grows in New York in 70s & 80s, until 1987, where she travels to Japan to learn more about her heritage, and trauma... 
I gave Asian dude $80. I wanted to give him all the recycles I had in my house but he just kept saying “Shay Shay” (thank you) and crying. Lil Asian dude is cool. He don’t leave messes. Please don’t label all us blacks based on this video. I told myself everytime I see him
A story about working class Asian American voters (now with exit poll data!) being ignored is...being ignored. Editors, this previously-killed story is in your inbox because I’m shameless and think this is an important one to tell.  …
As an asian voter I also noticed that Bernie is the only candidate who even mentioned Asian Americans at all during the debates. The other candidates act like we don’t even exist. Bernie all the way!
This is wild. You thought filter-bubbles based on political opinions were bad? TikTok has created filter bubbles around people's physical appearance. Follow a blond woman, more blond women will be  Same for 'overweight man', 'asian with dyed hair' etc etc  …
After disaggregating ‘Asian’ health data, “authors found that Filipinos appeared to be in the worst health of all Asian subgroups included in the study.”!!!!!!  …
doing self care by getting into another asian tv drama instead of figuring out what all the butt holes on this site are talking about tonight
The only alliance I look forward to is the Pakatan Sarapan. The mascot, the Asian Flat Croissant of course.
i’ve never seen an asian elf portrayed in movies or tv so i became one 
[10/24/16] The newest batch of John Podesta’s hacked emails released by Wikileaks shows Obama’s transition team kept lists of Muslim and Asian candidates for jobs in the administration.  …
Having hosted a party on the weekend, the fridge is full of leftover vegetables, so it seemed a perfect night to enjoy an Asian inspired take-out meal without leaving the house! Hope your week is off to a delicious start too! 
This month's  out on Wednesday. We speak w/ @nathanvtan and @nourn_ny of the Asian Prisoner Support Committee ( @AsianPrisonerSC) about the struggle against crimmigration from the perspective of an internationalist abolitionism. Listen to it by visiting our 
(WARNING: Inappropriate language): Last night, many in the  sent me this video which has now gone viral - an elderly Asian man in SF being taunted & threatened. It appears those harassing him also take his shopping cart w/garbage bags full of bottles & cans. 
"All I know is Bernie is winning with the plurality of Black/Brown/White/Asian/working class people behind him so some moderate folks need to drop out to keep him from winning" is quite the take for someone who says they care about the preferences of marginalized groups.
Does he think Asian people can just randomly manifest the virus?
Share of immigrants in 2018 who worked in jobs where analytical skills are most important  programmers, chemical engineers): Asian: 42% White: 36% Black: 23% Hispanic: 11% 
To be clear, Asian people don't have white privilege. They can benefit from a proximity to whiteness to varying degrees, but that's not the same as actually having white privilege.
NEW: @coolbitx raised $16.7M from Asian heavyweights to help financial  with the FATF Travel Rule.  @La__Cuen reports
THERE. ARE. SO. MANY. ASIAN. HEADLINERS. THATS. NOT. RACIST. @giraffage @Bohkeh @imyetep @FoxenKRZ @itsnellemusic @officialyugen @iamdabinlee @MYRNEmusic List goes on... Im not ousting JVNA, if youre a fan youre a fan but if youre looking for alternatives here u  …
Suzuki is an ill informed liar that has no boundaries or scruples that get in his way of promoting himself. He wouldn't last 2 days without fossil fuels and he knows it. He is an Asian DiCaprio with the ignorance to match.  …
Asian boys who dress like this think they’re really cool innit 
Someone tell Marty that Sony is an   …
Hey SoCal friends! Did a story on this really fascinating documentary @ChinatownRising, about the beginnings of the Asian American movement in San Francisco, that will be screening in LA and OC this SAT, FEB 29  …
I don’t get why other minorities preach for equality yet also degrade other minorities. The guy fr said “I hate Asians!” if that was said to any other person everyone would be SCREAMING but apparently it’s not racism if it’s asian
WARNING : this video of an older Asian man being attacked while collecting cans in the Bayview is disturbing & I had to remove the sound b/c of explicit language. It’s important for people to see/hear what happens in  so action can be taken & change made. 5/6pm 
Greatest asian of all time  …
Happy 39th birthday Ji-Sung Park! First Asian to win the UCL First Asian to captain United MOTM vs Barca in 2008 UCL semi Pocketed Pirlo Destroyed Arsenal Scored in UCL quarter & semi-final The ultimate big game player! 
I'm almost certain that Asian dude from Reddit who spams BBC threads on /pol/ is in this group.  …
. @ChancellorCUNY meets @BaruchCollege President-Designate @DavidWuGmu at a  reception thrown in his honor. Dr. Wu is the first Asian-American to serve as president of a CUNY college and will assume office on July 1. 
CoronaVirus UPDATE: CDC says outside WuHan, Mortality less than 1%; In WuHan, Mortality 2-4% Studies done on weaponized CoronaVirus that has higher mortality may involve Asian Men who SMOKE EXCESSIVELY which increases risk substantially.
Since the coronavirus began to spread, people who identify as Asian American or Pacific Islander have faced  and isolating behavior. It’s important for educators to get ahead of this harmful discourse. Here's how.  …
Racism toward innocent, hard working Asian people is the stupidest thing I’ve ever seen in my life. All those people hanging out in a public housing parking lot harassing people? Does that make you proud?
The Indian government recognizes that only the U.S. has the power to prevent China from  an Asian hegemon. This shared interest is and will remain the foundation of the U.S.-Indian partnership, write Robert D. Blackwill and Ashley J. Tellis. 
kpop stans when they see any average looking asian guy 
“Snake oil salesman” “Libertarian Trojan horse” “You don’t care about the poor - you’re trying to take benefits and healthcare from them” “You take corporate pac money” “Drop out; you can’t actually win” “Your support is all white” “(Blank)only endorsed him bc he’s Asian 2”
Dominant Asian-Australian food trends by decade: 60s - KiSiMin / Chop suey 70s - Lemon chicken 80s - San choy bao 90s - Tom yum 00s - Sushi trains / Pho 10s - Malatang 20s - Ramen
Just a PSA: viruses are not gonna survive on your package that was shipped internationally and took weeks to arrive and to specifically single out asian countries and say “omg i’m so scared i’m gonna get sick this is from korea help me feel better” is insanely racist
European ARMY Asian ARMY Waking up in middle of Night just To watch BTS :) 
$10 million fine levied on Taj Mahal casino was the highest penalty ever levied by US federal government against a casino. A 1992 US Senate  report entitled "Asian Organized Crime: the New International Criminal", linked Trump's businesses to Asian organized crime.  
I will never forgive the deep state for appointing affluent high caste south asian women to rule over us. They have no concept of noblesse oblige.  …
TikTok and Subtle Asian Traits (a group on Facebook) has heavily romanticized the ABG lifestyle and culture. Those on TikTok and SAT post pictures of themselves with fake eyelashes and boba, calling themselves “omg I’m so ABG ” When in reality, the aesthetic only appeals to them.
The popularization of stereotype stemmed from a popular app called “TikTok” where Asian Americans from an upper middle who have never fought, said the “n” word, nor held a gun in their lives decided to take the main attributes of what an ABG is/or does to assimilate to them.
How did it  a caricature of an Asian stereotype? Originally, the ABG was not something to strive for. Usually these girls lived troubled lives in rougher environments and/or life situations. To many, these girls could be identified as messy or troublesome
#BirdsOfPreyMovie made one of its leading ladies a lesbian and didn't even brag for brownie points and NO ONE IS TALKING ABOUT IT. An Afro-Latinx woman and her East Asian ex have multiple scenes together. It is explicit. DC has outdone Marvel in its lady rep yet again.
The Left are more angry about an Asian man drinking Yorkshire Tea than Asian men raping Yorkshire children. Most odd.
what kind of asian are you? 
“The video is very disgusting to see. Elder abuse.” — Supervisor @shamannwalton speaks about this viral video of an elderly Asian man attacked, bullied & humiliated by a group of people for collecting empty cans in a Bayview neighborhood. @SFPDBayview working the case. 
Great article and very very very true. The left loathes black and Asian people who deviate from the PC script.” Brendan O’Neill in  …
“Female,URM,Asian,multiracial, and LGB students seem to bear a disproportionate burden of the mistreatment reported in medical schools” Mistreatment shouldn’t happen hear repeatedly that racism, sexism,& discrimination doesn’t happen anymore.NOPE  …
my audition to be Asian MJ for the next Spider-Man production 
Nobody wants to speak about how Asian Americans have some of the highest poverty rates in America but stereotypes make the issue invisible. Discrimination/Racism against Asians in America are rarely a topic of discussion yet it occurs on a daily basis  …
Bitches be dating asian boys and be like “with my niggaa” bitch thats Honghui Nguyen
I try switching it up but it still hurts the 
The fact that @BernieSanders won nearly 50% of the Asian vote in the #NVCaucus should be big news. He has half a  yet Asian voters went overwhelming to Sanders. Perhaps a great preview of the  up on 3/3 as CA has the most Asians in the US.  
1) This attack was racist & despicable 2) British media: let’s stop using phrase “Asian” for everyone from Indonesia & Thailand (South-East Asia) to India (South Asia), to Uzbekistan (Central Asia) Japan (Far-East). And then there’s China. Just “Asia” is too vague & unhelpful 
"Asian Americans have turned to Black cultural and intellectual production to simultaneously cope with the impossibility of assimilating into whiteness, and to reject Asian cultural values that the white gaze marks as foreign or “Oriental.""  …
Napping - elephant style. This is Asian bull elephant Prince sleeping on a hillside in his habitat @PAWSARK2000 #sanctuary. #BeKindToElephants #elephant 
"Many assume it is education & hard work that account for [Asian Americans] extraordinary success in realizing the American Dream. But a third factor, strong families, is also key to Asian Americans’ success in America."  …
Looking for your next great Asian fantasy heroine? @NetGalley  Sergeant Tala from @NotLikeFreddy's STEEL CROW  …
Al Mansur settled on Baghdad’s location in proximity to the old Sassanid cities & called upon Indian & Central Asian city-planners to build it round in the Persianate fashion, but in order to build a truly wondrous city he called upon the powers of astrology -AAO 
I never noticed that Jim was asian
Italy (where I’m from, and Milan specifically) is the #1 tourist destination for Chinese (and everyone else for that matter). The outbreak was made public during asian new year, when many Chinese travel overseas. And frankly, I think Italy is counting right and others are not.
This is stunning! @BernieSanders won just about 50% of the Asian vote in the #NevadaCaucus. Some excellent insight into what could happen in the #CAprimary on #SuperTuesday. CA has the largest number of AAPIs in the US. Let's win this! #AAPIForBernie  
To celebrate the release of THE WOLF OF OREN-YARO, @k_villoso shares a list of 10 Asian fantasy heroines she loves.  #orbit20
Critics of race research have weird fetishes about government racial categories, whereas actual race researchers think these are just convenient proxies for genetic ancestry. Sometimes good (e.g. "White"), sometimes meh (e.g. "Hispanic"), sometimes misleading ("Asian").  …
Asian boys flirt by calling you fat
everybody on my tl talking about tomorrow's announcement is making me nervous... if he drops european / asian dates I'm gonna cry, in happiness because we finally got them and in sadness BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE MONEY SAVED
I can’t really tell if this is paratha or poori that has been poked and released of its steam but ffs it’s not an Asian flat croissant.  …
This asian dude told me his next holiday destination is the bahamas or huawei? mf cant even spell hawaii
I use European and Asian sunscreens and they are way ahead of the game in terms of physical protection AND cosmetic elegance  …
Congratulations #BTS as they have now surpassed over 12 BILLION views on YouTube! This makes @BTS_twt the first Asian Act to exceed this number! Therefore, let’s stream #ON together #BTSARMY to show our support & that #WeLoveYouBTS! @BTSPublicity 
Finally some data on Asian Americans: 49.8% for @BernieSanders in Nevada! You won’t hear about this in msm but it’s happening! #NotMeUs #BernieWon @AAPI4_Bernie @aapis4bernie @OFB2020 @bern_identity @lodgepolepines @JaneKim  …
Praising a fashion brand that underpays their factory workers in the Global South for hiring a trans model or a fat model or Hollywood for casting an Asian actor means u blatantly ignore capitalism's intentional use of diversity to justify so many of its other evils.
congratulations to Jimin for winning the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round! it was a  but with everyone’s support he won the poll! 
I actually tried to help on a flight once and was told by the flight attendant that I can’t help unless I have proof that I’m an MD (meaning they wanted to see my medical license). I was SO confused. Does that happen to other docs who aren’t young looking Asian women like me?
asian writers wouldn’t have let her get past gogo
white guys in east asian studies and white guys who would message me on grindr are the same guys  …
BRAND NEW ANALYSIS OF ASIAN AMERICAN VOTERS IN NEVADA - in collaboration with @uclaaasc PhD researcher @jesshjlee assessed the top high-density Asian American caucus precincts in Nevada and found Sanders w/  to Biden 22.5% & Warren 10.6%. More analysis  
i don’t know how to make it any clearer: when i was on dating apps, literally every week i would get msgs from white guys with an asian fetish. and every time i talk to asian american friends, they have stories like this. it’s so 
-hooked Asian Doll up with producers/rappers. -Sent Meg a verse. -Had Malibu Miitch on QR to freestyle. -Did a verse for Trina for FREE! Unlike the others...Nicki’s support for female  with ACTION!! not fake pics, and shoutouts!  …
Warren touts support from bigots like Saira Rao, her campaign depicted Indian & Asian Americans as “white,” promotes racial identity based on DNA & engages in lazy lib stereotypes re privilege. Warren has a lot to offer but record on identity is the worst part of her campaign.
1/ More specifically the Democrats include:  in California Cubans in Florida African  Urban intellectuals Democratic socialists from Queens Heavily  in California Houston, TX Berkeley, CA LGBTQ
Racists are walking around thinking anyone of Asian descent will spread the virus but it would seem that greatest threat might actually be the American Healthcare System... You can’t make this shit up...  …
Trump & Modi both belongs to strongest nations. Together they can bring peace n asian continent by controlling Pakistan. Pakistan sponsered terror has caused genocide across the globe including Balochistan+ + .World powers must act together to swipe out Pakistani terrorism! 
“Why does the woke left hate Priti Patel so much? It’s because she’s an Asian woman who refuses to play the race card and who rejects the PC agenda. The left loathes black and Asian people who deviate from the PC script.” Brendan O’Neill in  …
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 – Rowoon and Park Jimin Advance to Level 3 Battles  
#Who_Is_WorldLeader? World savior @SaintRampalJiM Savior of the world is in India ! Savior will take birth in that country in Asian region which has an ocean by its name (Indian Ocean). - Nostradamus shocking Prophecy. "Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj" 
In many cultures, red symbolizes joy and good fortune. In fact, in many Asian countries brides wear red as a symbol of fertility and luck. In Europe, red became equated with aristocrats and the clergy.  …
My just published review of Iqbal Sevea's "The Political Philosophy of Muhammad Iqbal" (CUP) in Journal of Asian Studies. An important and deeply layered study of Iqbal's thought that deserves wide readership and engagement.  …
Are you a British Asian? Would you like to deport your parents? Then you too could  a Tory MP Apply to yes, I would like to deport my parents - Tory party today.  …
Today, Donald Trump & Stephen Miller are starting a wealth test for immigrants that would have kept the grandparents of Donald Trump & Stephen Miller  here. When they came, immigrants were mostly European. Today? Asian & Central American. Double standard or bigotry?  …
I think it's time to have a frank discussion about Asian privilege and systemic, institutionalized pro-Asian bias in our education system.  …
A young British East Asian told me that, bizarrely, owing to Covid-19 Coronavirus they don’t feel “invisible” in Britain for the first time albeit for the wrong reasons. I’ve always suspected that we’re erased because we’re not controversial enough. Those days are over though
Are you dumb? You don’t have to be asian to find this upsetting. Race aside, this shit is cruel  …
Naib Subedar Deepak Punia of #ArmySportsInstitute #Mission Olympics Wing wins Bronze medal at Senior Asian Wrestling Championship 2020 - congratulations -well done 
President Trump praised “unity” in India even as Modi’s government has rounded up thousands of Muslims in Kashmir and passed a sweeping new citizenship law favoring every South Asian faith other than Islam. 
Priti Patel is possibly the only female, Asian-heritage public figure in the UK who enjoys absolutely none of the protections of political correctness. It’s always open season on Priti, says Brendan O'Neill  …
How @88rising is giving asian musicians the representation they deserve: 
HELLO ASIAN INTERVIEW :It can't conceal a cuteness! #UWMAseries #คุณหนูขี้อายกับคุณชายเจ้าชู้ #เจ้าแก้มก้อน ของ #โอห์มไง #โอห์มฟลุ้ค 
To whom my next PM will be, pls make sure that no one NO ONE calls roti canai "Asian Flat Croissant" ever again. Put THAT in your manifesto. #Malaysia2020 #Wawasan2020 
This will redefine West Asian politics & Dynamics Palestinians must ‘shut up’ or make peace with Israel, Saudi Crown Prince  …
“My Asian professor cracked a coronavirus joke and then this chick with a TriDelt hat in front of me went and bought 1000 surgical masks and a 500 pack of exam gloves on amazon.” - University of Miami
. @IndusLatin: Today was a demonstration of how India stands apart from other Asian nations 125k people at #TrumpInIndia rally & not a single person wearing a mask, demonstrating health, vibrancy, & vitality of Indian people #WarRoom2020 
"Living in Parasite Country as Asian/American" - my first essay in BLARB!  …
South Asian women are so damn beautiful man
Asian mums when their son breathes and does absolutely nothing 
Good to see that Bill de Blasio is still wearing his Asian & Latino Coalition t-shirt he got while campaigning in Iowa 
How it is not a hate crime. When the dude recording straight up said “I hate Asian”
Did u know that the father of modern Russian literature,Alexander Pushkin,had African origins?Only if history was fair,honest&balanced you would see how diverse African,Asian,Native American,middle eastern&European people contributed at different stages,not current Euro-monologue 
Another  joins our family! Please  the korean team! For all our korean speaking fans Please follow them @Incorrectcql_kr !! Help them build the audience and grow as an account! Spread the good happy vibes in the korean   …
[ #JiminNews] @BTS_twt #JIMIN won the poll for 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round - Park Jimin vs Wang Yibo [Level 2] He acquired of 50.39% (761,061) of the total votes! Thanks to everyone who voted for him, let's keep up the same spirit for the  polls too 
"Hong refuses the deli cuts of Asian American memoir (the tiger mom, the mocked school lunch) so she can worm through the offal instead" My book is not squeamish! Thanks to @madelesque for such a generous review of #MinorFeelings (out  …
Producer Nina Yang Bongiovi, several Gold House founders and other Asian American film and technology leaders have launched AUM Group, a new multicultural film fund. More details: 
#Who_Is_WorldLeader Savior of the world is in India ! Savior will take birth in that country in Asian region which has an ocean by its name (Indian Ocean). - Nostradamus shocking Prophecy. 
WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING Traders are rushing for safety. Stock markets around the world are tumbling, with Asian equities falling overnight, Europe’s Stoxx 600 posting biggest drop since 2016 and U.S. futures plunging more than 2.5%. Lot of folks will be getting margin calls!
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) said Monday that it is contributing 1 million U.S. dollars worth of medical supplies to help China's battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic  
Daily reminder Khorasan’s heritage is an Afghan refugee in Europe who has to associate himself with a pan-iranic pan-central asian identity to cope with his own country & its failure. (Possibly the worst nation on Earth right now)  …
