So @brosb4does is going to chew me out for this... but I wanted help with another name. This handsome boy is the Prince Charming of a small Southeast Asian nation, a quarter ton notwithstanding. He's suave, dashing, courteous, and can out-eat whole villages. Gimme your thoughts! 
Asian Koel(M) waiting for the opportune moment to sneak into the garden and steal some fresh papaya.  neighbour of mine is particularly noisy at this time of the year. 
#Kentucky's population by race. 87.6% white 8.4% African American 1.6% Asian Kentucky #COVID19 deaths by race (we know the race of 81% of positive test cases) 77.6% white 21.05% African American 1.31 % Asian That means black folk in the Bluegrass State are dying at 2.5x rate.
Giving away 5 more copies of HOW MUCH OF THESE HILLS Womxn and non-binary Asian folk who can't afford my book, first 5 DMs, no questions asked. I wrote this for us. Please share with everyone who needs this!  …
Check out this important webinar hosted by @ucdavis Asian American Studies Department. 
anyway. pls join my online south asian history classes to help the d*aspora  a little less insufferable
Yet another case of vandalism of Asian-owned businesses across the country during the pandemic, including racist graffiti. Jeju Noodle Bar, a Michelin-starred Korean restaurant in NYC, was vandalized with graffiti that read: “Stop eating dogs.” 
The visions of terror that punctuate Japanese horror classic TŌKAIDŌ YOTSUYA KAIDAN (Nobuo Nakagawa, 1959) are among my favourite scenes in Asian horror cinema, making great use of jump cuts, contrasting colours and aural disorientation to create eerie moments of uncertainty. 
Why do asian parents always talk on speaker phone and always scream into the phone? I CAN HEAR YOU JUST FINE, MOM, PLS STOP YELLING.
YAAAAAYYY! NY's hottest club is tonight's #DumplingsAgainstHate x #PatriotAct webinar w/ @Venkatetc @azhang852 @invibe discussing an @patriotact ep that touched so many of us, me included: "Don't Ignore the Asian Vote in 2020". About our fundraiser:  
They are Chinese (from Mainland China) HongKongers Taiwanese Malaysian Chinese Singaporean Chinese Japanese Korean Vietnamese Thai Filipino Indonesian Chinese NOT ALL #ASIAN ARE #CHINESE. We don’t eat bat. We don’t behave the same. We know how to respect.
It’s always funny to me seeing ppl list every new female rapper they can think of except Cardi when talking about who’s been running the genre recently. Her whole debut era was at the forefront of music period, just rap... but y’all out here naming Asian Doll and Bhad Bhabie
i love retweeting every hot asian girl i see on the timeline ugh we are so powerful
"Steve Aoki Neon Future Dinner Party" with @layzhang For some Asian countries the live stream is tomorrow, April 13, 2020 - Indonesia time: 08.00 AM WIB - China time: 09.00 AM CST - Korea time: 10.00 AM KST  Don't forget to turn the reminder ON! 
BONUS : FLOCH - problematic af explains the apology video - always gets into youtuber issues - is hated by alot - uploads apology videos but still problematic - apologist - "racist vlogs about how Asian girls turn him down" _ 
How much does this look like Cobra from Asian Tandoori people of Camby, confirm plz  …
The best part of asian weddings are the starters
Anti-Asian racism is sweeping across America as COVID-19 spreads 
Hope all asian women and LATINAS have an awful day
And the radio djs that were mocking us and the guys some were probably older even making xenophobic remarks against asian ppl and yet so many kpop stans were kissing their a/sses just to go against us so let's not start  …
I think the next few years are going be rough ones for Asian Americans. The environment already was getting more tense before the coronavirus, but the coronavirus has taken things from bad to worse.  …
. @WallforTX is running for Congress in a district that’s home to more Asian Americans than anywhere else in Texas. Her newest campaign ad blames China for the coronavirus pandemic.  …
Central Asian bread, baked by meeee with a Pamiri sourdough recipe in Yorkshire! 
all asian guys gotta do is be 5’10” or taller to pull and yall still cant do that
The asian broom should be the standard broom
Hate to say it folks but did I see old mate push the younger Asian bloke. That's not right that's the actual illegal act. It's not the role of other shoppers to enforce the retailer's policies.
i love to follow beatles stans from different countries,,,,, for example english speakers are now fighting with each other while the brazilian and asian part are talking about their d*cks
She’s a million times prettier in the second photo she needs to stop doing the kawaii chan asian cutesy makeup and do what she was doing back then, serving Mexican realness  …
I am not surprised that (((Bill Maher))) is at it again with the anti-Asian racism. This is not his first time nor it will be his last time.  …
i can no longer defend asian foods anymore. not after this
WhatsApp: - a valuable tool to connect people - a way for South Asian families to spread casual racism and memes
So, how close has the  to changing our Society? What Countries use bowing as a greeting. Asian and Muslim Countries? @realDonaldTrump I personally will never bow to lying Killers. I shake hands because people can trust a handshake that is Presented by an American Patriot
#EndRacism #EndDiscrimination Anti-Asian racism is sweeping across America as #COVID19 spreads @MelissaLeeCNBC @RichardLui @PamelaFalk @mayawiley @RobertoValentUN @PattyArquette @drjohnm @RoArquette @Rosie @deray @higginsdunn @davidnabarro 
Ignoring the pay-to-play bullshit: did they just imply that the United States, one of the primary funders, does not have any people of African or Asian descent?? Nor does Russia?! And Japan, a major funder, just... doesn't exist? Literally at every level this is a shit take.
Asian hornets with sting which can kill have invaded the UK - and it could cost £7million 
Thanks to Asian Image for covering our latest report results in a new article.  …
there are ppl in the Bay doing the work of highlighting Southeast Asian & Pacific  and the marginalization they endure by being lumped in with bigger Asian ethnic groups, i should know i was in two organizing groups based on that... AND
Hope ALL latinas and Asian girls have a blessed day, y’all deserve the world
an important part of asian american culture is the pain of watching a boy you know turn into a boi
I haven’t watched Tigertail yet, but I do want to say that the Taiwanese-immigrant and Taiwanese-American story is distinctly our own. There are elements that the broader Asian-Americans can relate to, but there are shared traumas and experiences that are uniquely ours.
Cyberbullying against Asian people has gone up by 900% due to 
.....or that's literally every Asian mom
It should probably be taught in US schools that a coalition of wealthy white businessmen drafted a new constitution that removed a lot of the Hawaiian monarchy's power, limited voting rights to "rich dudes who aren't asian" and then forced David Kalakaua to sign it at gunpoint
Black people who are friends with all these Asian, Anglos, etc. and are NOT checking them are even bigger clowns. I don’t fck with y’all either.
what is is with harvard white guys and asian women? 
not the Asian girl tryna throw her hat into the ring kmt 
“A city like Coventry has had a history of  together when times are tough. From the Blitz, right up until now. Whether you're white, black, Asian, whether you're an immigrant or lived in Cov your entire life." Yes @GuzKhanOfficial!  …
Asian Affairs Affiliated scholar Sean King says “too often” the World Health Organisation has “taken Beijing’s lies over what should be obvious facts”.  …
There is absolutely nothing these racist white, Latina, and Asian women have done that Black women haven’t done first and better. We are the blueprint and don’t you ever forget it.
Asian twitter getting triggered over pointless stuff
If Black, Latinx & other brown folks wear masks they're still racially profiled & risk abuse & harassment by police. If Asian folks wear masks we risk being "accused" of being "carriers" & harassed & attacked. White ppl need to make it safer for ALL of us to wear masks.
The secret weapon that gives Mexico power in the #oil price war. Mexico’s oil hedge w/Wall St strengthens its hand as negotiations drag on. For the last two decades, Mexico has bought so-called Asian style put options.  
There have been too many reports of growing xenophobia against Asian Americans during this crisis. @MazieForHawaii, @TammyForIL, and I are asking the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights for help to stop these hateful  …
Brave Blossoms in full bloom An outpouring of emotion from Japan players and fans as they became the first Asian nation to reach the RWC quarterfinals You can still catch this RWC modern classic in full below  
Why Priti Patel triggers the MSM so much. She's an Asian Tory Brexiteer. She's an Essex MP. She didn't go to public school like them. She doesn't think like them. She doesn't talk like them. She's a threat to them. #DowningStreetBriefing
Taiwan is a first Asian country who legalized same sex marriage. China banned any television show and film depicting "unnormal sexual relationships", including homosexuality. ................ For me, the choice is simple #nnevvy 
No one: No one at all: Asian twitter: 
“Yes, we’ve made strides. But we are still, in the public eye, a perpetual foreigner.” Tzi Ma talks "Tigertail," "Mulan" and Anti-Asian bigotry during the coronavirus pandemic 
I happen to enjoy Asian food very much as well, so that's also a plus
I have a great deal of respect for Asian people. They're highly intelligent, good workers, they don't cry about anything, they stay out of trouble, they're respectful, disciplined. They came here and did well for themselves. They've been a plus for the country
did you know there’s a theory that lucky is the dead version of walker? -they have the same personality -their shirts are the opposite -the number difference between their shirts is ‘44’, 4 is a homonym for the word death in most asian languages 
From racist social media posts to violent assaults, Asian Americans are facing a surge of hate. We need social media platforms to shut down COVID-19 disinformation and racism online. Tell Facebook, Twitter and YouTube to stop the spread of anti-Asian hate:  …
They totally ruined good Chinese people’s image and reputation. and ruins the Asian people who really wanna live in Australia. People behaving selfishly like this should revoke their visa and banished.
simple asian attire will always be my fave 
“African and Asian monkeys are predicted to be potentially as susceptible to SARS-CoV-2 as humans.”  
Don't think she knows she's Asian though...
I actually feel sorry for Priti Patel because I know what Asian parents are like when you make a mistake in Maths.
east asian ppl been wearing masks out for decades. we late af.  …
just a reminder that mustgowon is sinophobic and xenophobic, he made fun of knetz mocking shuh*a's pronunciation and said y*qi ate the bat and started the virus. chuutendo defended him saying he was asian. i can't remember who else engaged or tried to defend but they're trash.
Time for answers Mosque`s can be built anywhere, nothing else is granted PP as fast. Police will instantly arrest white villain but will avoid an Asian villain. There is an undeniable law for White people and law to preserve, Racial Harmony(Police statement) NO MORE HIDING, WHY?
#Turkey tries to send #Covid_19 immigrants cases to #Greek Islands. Turkish authorities and paramilitaries transfers #immigrants with buses to the Asian minor coast whith the  to buy dinghies and cross the #Aegean Sea to reach  …
all cops are bastards... except the ones in asian countries that i can safely fetishize from a distance
I’ve never seen an asian speak Arabic before lmaoooo 
You follow over 700 people. let’s guess how many are hot Asian women and then let’s set you up with one so you stop being a lonely boomer eh
Anybody who is targeting Asian Americans because of COVID19 was racist to begin with.
This is a note of a white Canadian tourist( and liberal party staffer ) returning to Canada from India . Read and reflect how the developed west can learn from India and other Asian countries on this pandemic . Better enforce the lockdown . FYI @nkeung 
Mae Ngai, a professor of Asian-American studies and history, says that “Chinese have all kinds of associations [...] There’s a history of networks, and a history  together when there’s an issue.” 
Me: I had rice for lunch today K*rkus: oh my gOD SHE'S AT IT AGAIN WITH THE ASIAN! STEREOTYPES!!! (ok now i'm done i promise l m a o)
I saw this exact scene on a Muni bus in the 1980s. The aggressor was Russian. Both men were 60-ish. The Asian man sat patiently without responding, until the Russian laid hands on him, at which time the Asian man calmly dropped the Russian like a sack of potatoes. Riders cheered.
Asian Players to Score 'DOUBLE CENTURY' at The Home of Cricket LORDS : 200 Mohsin Khan ( 1982 ) - PAK 202 M Yousuf ( 2006 ) - PAK #Cricket
asian bridal wear: a thread 
autimatic looking like the fourth best Asian AWPer on his team.
Kazushi Sakuraba is the greatest Asian mixed martial artist of all time. Prove me wrong!
Two things can both be true: 1) Calling it "Chinese virus" is usually if not always racist & could encourage violence against Asian Americans; which is unequivocally evil and stupid. 2) Chinese Communist Party absolutely deserves int'l condemnation and must be held accountable.
"A growing body of survey data shows that Chinese Americans—the USA’ largest Asian ethnic group R almost single-handedly responsible for what’s been affirmative action’s slight decline in popularity among Asian Americans as a whole." Reach out to them.   …
Riesling and spicy Asian wings is one of my favorite pairings 
Yet weren’t the Chinese the ones crying over the “racism” they were experiencing bc of the virus? The irony. Asian ppl do not like black ppl just as much as white ppl.  …
"'Western observers still find it hard to accept that a small East Asian country could generate this amount of cultural influence without a 5-year plan from the government.' But that is precisely what BTS appear to have done."  …
asian men are so beautiful i’m lost for words 
Calling COVID-19 the "Chinese Virus" has resulted in a surge of anti-Asian hate crimes in America.  …
Maher understands that the primary beneficiary of this faux outrage over calling the virus by its accurate name is not Asian Americans supposedly living in fear of racism, but China itself, which has consistently tried to distance itself from the outbreak.  …
Why do I look like a 60 year old Asian woman. 
ATTN: paypig, walletslave, humanatm, cashcows Dare to be drained simultaneously by 3 bratty Asian Dommes? Can your wallet handle all the degradation and humiliation? Comment below to be invited in the draining room. Initial tribute is required. {asianfindom eastcoastfindom} 
Smashed windows and racist graffiti: Vandals target Asian Americans amid coronavirus. Some vandalized Asian-owned businesses can't afford repairs amid huge customer declines: @NBCAsianAmerica. #AsianAmerican #coronavirus  
Fun Fact: MOTS: Persona was the first Asian album to debut in the Album Year-End Charts in: - Switzerland - Austria - UK - Latvia - New Zealand - Germany - France - Italy - Australia - Poland - Spain - Hungary #PERSONA1Year @BTS_twt
#ignorance knows no #borders #China just happened to be first The #CoronavirusOutbreak existence is nobody’s fault But How we #respond is on us #TakeCare of each other An Asian-American Doctor on Challenges of Fighting COVID-19 | TIME  …
"From the escalating attack and scapegoating of members of the Asian and Asian  to so-called “zoom-bombing” of video conferences that unleash anti-Black, anti-LGBTQ and antisemitic vitriol, purveyors of hate are seeking to sow discord and threaten our democracy.
Hence.. Asian Beatles
I love it when the dad holds up ONE PACKET OF SOY SAUCE. Every Asian’s got at least a big bottle plus a drawerful of packets.  …
Priti Patel is that Asian auntie who eats ‘naan bread’ for dinner & drinks ‘chai tea’ & bumps into your mum in the shops & tells her she saw you talking to a boy at the library (even though all you were doing was asking for his notes)
“Bu bu But wE bLaCk pEoPLe nEeD tO sUpPoRt aSiAn bUsIneSsEs”... 
Biden on #COVID19-linked racism against Asian Americans: “These disgusting and racist acts must stop. They are grounded in an impulse that is as ugly, as it is dangerously ignorant. And, it’s not who we are as a country.” 
Swedish PM Erlander got the Asian influenza during a visit to Moscow in the 1950’s, but was of course given first class Soviet treatment for it. 
1. he's quiet in interviews 2. he doesn't do vocals, which are the only part most people okay attention to 3. inherent bias because asian/p.i. people are ignored in fields that aren't stereotypically assigned to them  …
List of Major prophesies given by Prophet Dr Owuor fulfilled accurately: 1. The Asian Tsunami 2. The Haiti Earthquake 3. The Zika & Ebola outbreak 4. The Current Corona Virus The Major Pending Prophecy. • The Imminent Rapture of The Holy Saints 
I don't often agree with Bill Maher but he nails it on this one. The fact that this pandemic originated from China does NOT equal racism towards Asian people. But we must start with the facts to fight this and future pandemics.  …
How is Trump’s response xenophobic? - Targets  in his rhetoric & TV ads, incl ads depicting Asian Americans as Chinese officials - Late, little, or no translation of public health mandates into multiple languages - Booting ITIN immigrant taxpayers from CARES relief
Instead of police enforcing stay at home orders, it needs to be a posse of pissed off grandma's from all backgrounds. White, black, Asian, Latino. Imagine a crew of old ladies, yelling at you and waving their sandals, rolling pins, and purses.
Asian women been that pressure lately
One thing I’m scared of when life resumes is people channeling resentment against Asian-Americans into violence or discrimination. There is a lot of real suffering happening and I get that but it’s not an excuse for racism. Asian-Americans are Americans, full stop.  …
“Thank You Flex” is now featured in Spotify’s Editorial Playlist - New Era: Asian Hip-Hop First time ko mapasama sa international na playlist ng Spotify kaya salamat sa suporta Stream “Thank You Flex” on New Era: Asian Hip-Hop:  
NO MF I AM NOT I AM A SMALL ASIAN MAN THAT DESIGNS CLOTHES & GOES TO WORK. Honestly though they was cool as hell, I jih was finna get the dipping but they knew I was home, they scouted the area like 5 times. But yeah moe don’t do no tweeting bout trump it ain’t worth it.
Bill Maher once used the N-word and now calls the coronavirus the Chinese virus even after Asian Americans have been beaten on the streets. Well the H1N1 swine flu came from factory farms in America. Nobody calls it the American Pig Flu or demand we stop eating pork and chickens.
Priti Patel is one of a group of Tory MPs including Raab and Truss who slandered British workers as among the 'worst idlers in the world' and called for an Asian work ethic, and Asian low taxes which in Tory hands would mean the end of the NHS. 
Are They The Bonnie & Clyde Of Rap ? Asian Doll & King Von release the visuals to “Pull Up” Is It or ? @AsianDaBrattt 
"Sorry you're going to have to keep 2 ideas in your head at the same time: 1. It has nothing to do with Asian Americans 2. But it has everything to do with China We can't afford the luxury of non-judginess toward a country with habits that kill millions of people everywhere."
I'm a Southeast Asian bisexual woman i rarely have rights in the first place  …
‘Idiots. All idiots.’ CNN’s breathless report on ‘surge in anti-Asian racism online’ revolves around ‘a new study’ that no serious person should take seriously  … via @twitchyteam CNN trying their best to remain ridiculous....
A 17 yr old girl called who meant to speak to other PD as this didn't occur in #OakBay. She told us she was of Asian descent. She is being yelled at by strangers to "Go back to China" & told she brought #COVIDー19. We offered support & provided advice. Heartbreaking 
This is a film about asian AMERICANS, and they’re ethnically Taiwanese. Not chinese. But lol it’s so funny to see idiots like u on the timeline
Asian Doll & King Von - Pull Up [Official Music Video]  via @YouTube
calling it this is endangering asian people. its bigoted and racist.
#dontrushchallenge South Asian Edition 
So thankful for @KamalaHarris's leadership during this crisis. Yesterday she acted to prevent attacks against Asian-Americans, announced a bill to eliminate price gouging, worked to protect abused children, & announced a bill to establish a  on this crisis.
They are Chinese (from Mainland China) HongKongers Taiwanese Malaysian Chinese Singaporean Chinese Japanese Korean Vietnamese Thai Filipino Indonesian Chinese NOT ALL #ASIAN ARE #CHINESE. We don’t eat bat. We don’t behave the same. We know how to respect.
The “Asian dub”... how fucking disrespectful can you be? 
Which puzzles me, why they end up calling brothers who marry white women sellouts. When he didn't have money he was TRASH, now he has, he is a SELLOUT? Only black women look down upon their man. You won't see white or asian women calling their men trash
So many Asian are bullied by Western people because of virus and it started spread from China. Chinese should know this fact if you don't know why you should apologize the World. Those Asian doesn't deserved it! #ChineseApologizeToTheWorldForCovid19
Japanese American restaurants in @LA_LittleTokyo are making their first forays into social media because of COVID-19. Some proprietors fear, 78 years after #EO9066, the anti-Asian racism that fed the JA incarceration. @latimes @GustavoArellano  …
I am white. I credit 3 oncologists in particular with saving my life from breast cancer. All were Chinese-American doctors in Los Angeles. Witnessing racist attacks & a growing collective hatred of people of Asian descent in America makes me rage. Don’t piss off a cancer survivor
Diaspora kids think Pakistan is some kind of a South Asian Disneyland while they can’t even stay here for more than two weeks.  …
For @goal I wrote about how I grew up thinking my support mattered less as I was Asian American & not white British. watching Mo Salah has decolonised that idea, and he’s continued to break every & all boundary in sport and in life. Mo Salah forever.  …
The 2018 Asian Games men's field hockey final, which Malaysia led Japan 5-2 with 10 minutes left. Japan came back to make it 6-6 and we lost on penalties, missing out on the gold medal and an automatic spot at Tokyo Olympics.  …
✎ reposting my pinned! new to nsfw twitter and looking for mutuals & friends!! ♡ 18 ♡ she/her ♡ switch (sub+) ♡ asian ♡ straight ♡ shy n soft — rt or like if you'd like to be mutuals! (minors dni pls) 
The Endangered Masked Finfoot is one of the rarest Asian birds. Here, the female is climbing up the tree trunk to its nest, this behaviour has never been filmed before. Here is our preliminary results  @ruffordgrants 
Shoaib Malik has scored 999 runs batting at No 4 in T20Is, 3rd highest in world & most by an Asian batsman. Malik's 955 runs at No 5 highest ever in T20Is. Malik's  at No 4 & 5 is highest by Asian & only 2nd to Morgan's 2099. Outstanding @realshoaibmalik #Cricket
A-yow! I'm Asian check. The Charismatic member of SB19! @JoshCullen_s ♡ @SB19Official #SB19 #SB19Alab_5MViews Alab 
10 out of 11 Doctors that have died ( so far) were from Black and Asian backgrounds. #Covid
This chart really puts America’s slow and feeble COVID-19 response into perspective. Why didn’t US try to learn from South Korea, Singapore or other Asian countries? 
Asian F with nasal mass. Typical Hx but haven't seen one for a while. Can #pathology residents guess Dx? Will post IHC with DX later. #hemepath #VirtualPath @hematogones @HemepathUAMS @Hememachine @HemePathDude @kis_lorand @DCSkipperDO 
Bro. Black people and Asian people use too much seasoning. Seasoning is salt based, then we’ll add salt along with that. You obviously don’t cook, but ask your mum and she will tell you. Jamaica has 18 times less people than England, but double to amount of ppl are diabetic
MSCI India weight is going to increase from 7.6% to 8.1% in MSCI Emerging market Index and it will attract around 52000 Cr FPI money. Following stock will see good buying : L&T Asian paint Bajaj Finance Nestle Divis lab
This message was explicitly about China when most of the US cases were imported from Europe, it absolutely is fucking racist and anti-Asian hate crimes are skyrocketing.   …
I still can't get over minhyun getting scolded and lightly hit by his mom (the typical asian mom gestures  their child with others) because aron treats her better. 
Instead of calling every Asian person a “commie” or every white person a “CIA agent”, the trolls from both sides should do a research on the target’s background, get to know them on a deeper level, fact check, and then deploy the offensive content Otherwise they're just racists
President Trump ran an ad showing former Vice-President Biden shaking hands with Asian-American Governor of Washington as evidence of Biden’s “support” of China. So Fucking Racist.  …
Just had a phone call from one of my Indian ‘aunties’ checking in on me and wishing me the best. She mentioned she’s thanking her lucky stars neither of her children became doctors. Well this is a first in the 
Disgraceful Trump Ad! I’ve Known Gary Locke Former Commerce Secretary Governor US Ambassador & Proud American For Years I Guess For Trump Racists Any Asian Will Do!  …
In what way am I victim blaming? The  is more than capable of raising their voices when urged. Unfortunately, they choose to do it more often than nought to be anti-black. I.E. Defending Peter Liang and running a girl off twitter for saying shop at Black salons.  …
Asian American businesses saw drops in customers as high as 80% long before U.S. isolation rules, as stigma surrounding the virus kept customers out of local Chinatowns. 
2016 BTS LIVE 화양연화: The Epilogue tour gained 144.000 attendance, 3 times bigger than their previous tour, and their show in Bangkok only was nominated in Kazz Awards as The Best Asian Concert in 2017. #RoadtoBANGBANGCON #HYYHonStageEpl 
Pandemic, locusts, giant Asian hornets, and ... volcanoes  …
People from Black, Asian & Ethnic Minorities ( #BAEM) backgrounds make up around 13% of #UK population but appear to be disproportionately affected by #Covid19. I asked Carlos Martinez ( @agent_of_change) for his thoughts on this. @telesurenglish 
Sites where you must vote Southeast Asian Idol Groups Battle:  … Myx:  Fandom of the year:  … Most played songs:  … Most of the sites has unlimited votes #SB19 | @SB19Official ALAB 5MViews
Head of the BMA has called on the government to urgently investigate if and why black, Asian and minority ethnic people are more vulnerable to Covid-19, after the first 10 doctors in the UK named as having died from the virus were all BAME.  …
See, ethnic people are just in denial. It isn’t healthy at all, there’s bare oil and salt. I know we like to tell ourselves that white people are nasty and unhealthy but the sad truth is most West Indian, West African and South East Asian cuisine aint good for us, too much salt  …
Southeast Asian Idol Groups Battle: TRINITY vs SB19 vs UN1TY vs D1Verse 
gigi’s only flaw is that she’s a skinny white girl and we’re all tired of it!!! kimme suh black girl magic and some asian baby girl shit up in this bitch or maybe a body positivity kween! MAYBE a trans queen??? a little bit of diversity GIVE US this day our daily bread
"It's really good that China closed down the live wild animal markets, in a temporary ban which we hope will be made permanent, and other Asian countries will follow suit."  #COVID19PH
BBC 'newsreader' conducts extended dialogue with left wing BMA representative of Asian origin. They both agree that the government is inefficient, hypocritical and uncaring.
Many inspirational  in of Humanity First serving large numbers during the coronavirus crisis across South Asian countries. 
TITLE: Giant Asian Hornets can kill with one sting heading to the U.K.! TRUTH: They aren’t bigger than our hornets. So not exactly ‘giant’. Their venom is no more deadly than a native wasp. But, yes, they are Asian... so obviously terrifying.  …
the baddest girls r always asian, black, or hispanic/latina...... anything but white
Are there any black or Asian journalists in the lobby asking questions? Think there might be one or two, but this raises important questions.  …
Apparently giant asian hornets  that can kill you with one sting! Remember the 'killer bees' and then the 'killer wasps' we were supposed to get all anxious about? 
For Australian Rugby to move forward. 1. RUPA/RA players pay deal 2. Loan from Aus Gov and World Rugby 3. 10/12 week 5 or 6 team  Force+Sunwolves July start. 4. Restart broadcast negotiations 5. 2021 Asian/Pac Super Rugby (with laws to allow ball in play longer).
Top Ten Asian Countries with confirmed #COVID19 Cases China - 81,953 Iran - 68,192 Turkey - 47,029 S. Korea - 10,450 Israel - 10,408 India - 7,600 Japan - 6,005 Pakistan - 4,788 Malaysia - 4,346 Philippines - 4,195
To capitalize on the movie's success,  did this- Liked Logan? He's a girl in  Liked Thor? He's a girl Liked Hawkeye? He's a girl Liked Iron Man? He's a black girl Liked Captain America? He's a Nazi in  Like Hulk? He's an Asian teenager They blew it.  …
I don't talk about LGBT issues on my channel, I simply exist with gender expression that is well established in the Asian  It's just that the only acceptable "normal" LGBT gender expression for @ytcreators is a Western one that does not offend  …
 about these Asian hornets would be racist. Don't  a tool of the hatemonger Farage. They've had tough lives travelling here and deserve our support. Nothing bad ever came from Asia. They do the jobs our own hornets are too lazy to do.  …
No they're not! This scaremongering confuses different species. We're concerned by the Asian hornet (Vespa velutina), NOT the Giant (V.mandarina).It's smaller than our natives and no more harmful to us than  wasp. The pic shows our native European hornet (Vespa crabro). 
As if the jawdropping Asian matches weren't exciting enough! The @VancouverTitans are back in action today! #OWL2020  
Ever since I saw that video with the asian kids making rice porridge together and the other kid didnt have anything to add to the pot of porridge but the other kids still gave him some. It really changed my perspective on life. It blew my third eye wide open,
Meanwhile further down the article.. “While the Asian hornet poses no greater risk to human health than a bee”  …
Lived in SE Asian 20 yrs. Big difference between wet markets with no live animals and 6 kinds or meat on offer (most of Asia) and wet wildlife markets with live animals of 50 species (some raised in residential areas) or more. Latter is massive risk to world health.
8 doctors have died in UK from Covid-19 all African and Asian descent. @BBCr4today does a piece on racial impact of virus in the US but is shamefully silent about the unfolding racial tragedy here in the UK  …
Lana when the asian countries don’t work: 
the students of @SDSU Andres Bonifacio Samahan had a @zoom_us call tonight to hold elections for next year and were interrupted with anti-Asian racism by some random callers. I’ve had to update Zoom literally every day because of security failures — what is going on  …
Just watched @ronnychieng ‘s Asian Comedian Destroys America! It’s so good. Watch it!
Once they start killing people you won't be able to call them "Asian hornets"
I don't get takes like this. A bunch of Asian-Australians (many born in Australia) wrote about racism. They're AUSTRALIANS, they're writing about their OWN country. Why do they also have to write about what's happening in ANOTHER country *Sorry for the anger  …
I understand this. But the uninformed American doesn’t know Ebola is African, that Lyme is American, etc. They know what Chinese means. It means any one with Asian ethnicity is suspect and deserves their anger.
 are leaving China thanks to the trade war. They’ll leave even more thanks to the pandemic...The main beneficiaries of this are the smaller southeast Asian nations, led by Vietnam."  …
Started my day condemning Trump for his race-baiting  Governor Locke; ending my day with even deeper admiration for Governor Locke and more determined to denounce Trump's vile actions against Asian-Americans  …
now that we’re forced to physically distance ourselves from people we love it’s more important than ever to check on the random asian girls you follow and maintain parasocial, largely one-sided relationships with online
Honestly not even surprised that the Chinese government is doing this. What I find more outraging is that almost all my Asian friends are speaking about the racial conflicts towards Asians but, never bother to speak about other non-white races are affected by this all.
‘South Asian Independent Journalist’ sharing fake news and WhatsApp forwards which even a fool would be able to identify as fake. In other news, the sky is blue. #RamayanOnDDNational  …
@zoom_us allow users to report such activity. monitor your calls. i ran a conference with over 40+ individuals, all of which who identify as asian, and each one of them were verbally attacked and degraded tonight. do something about it.
There's a serious problem of anti-Asian sentiment in Australia, but it would be good if those loudly calling it out  )  about this sort of thing  …
As soon as discussion around Blacks dying of COVID at 6 times the rate of white people right here in this country enters the mainstream... and while Asian peoples across this country are facing racist violence and harassment on the daily because of xenophobic mass media... 
Unusual looking beast! I like him! He is a Central Asian Shepherd. 
if you wanna say that, then technically they’re asian. as armenia is a country in asia. located in the mountainous Caucasus range between Asia and Europe. caucasian is derived from caucasus. they are white sir. or if you want to be technical Indo-European. not black
So needlessly put Asian American people at risk of race related hate crimes because you'd rather call it China flu over coronavirus or COVID-19? Cool. 
Wanted to cry when I saw this. You spend all those years in college, medical school, the internship, residency, board exams, and you still get treated like this by the cops. The black experience is different. Post the clips of white or Asian doctors experiencing this. Sigh.  …
white passing, dont even know what percentage of asian they are, and saying ch!n9k like this is a fever dream a fever mf dream 
Is that black cheeks I see with that ASIAN man? 
MISSION STATEMENT #AThousandThousandIslands is an act of re-centering -the mandala of reality centred around fantastical Southeast Asian-like geographies. If European-coded places exist, they are exotic Occidents, reduced to proverbs about the faraway / inconsequential.
I love being Asian....I'm gonna look young forever! Well.... until I hit 80 and then we turn into gargoyles.
My Time by Jungkook is still charting in the following Asian countries: UAE #1 Philippines #7 Singapore #13 Indonesia #36 Saudi Arabia #68 Thailand #81 Thank you so much #TeamJungkookAsia #Jungkook 
I think my favorite part of that disclaimer is people who don't know Asian LGBT culture and think I'm joking? I have any financial windfall or anything to celebrate I go out and pull enough Tom hostesses off the line to lie across like a couch while they drop snacks in my mouth  … 
These Asian elephants at the Taronga Zoo in Australia are getting in on the Easter fun 
amazing tribute. There’s no place for racism for xenophobia. Let’s help let’s heal show some gratitude and some understanding for the people putting their lives on the line Asian American Doctors Unite Against COVID-19 Racism: Hate is a Virus  via @YouTube
[Instagram] Starmometer posted the winners of The Ultimate Asian Heartthrob from 2018-2020 which shows Taehyung as the champion for 3 consecutive years, making him #HallOfFamerV  … Like  with 방탄소년단 뷔 + HT You can also blog the 
“Asian Americans—whether you’re second-, third-, or fourth-generation, will always be viewed as foreigners,” Locke told me today. “We don’t say that about second- or third-generation Irish Americans or Polish Americans..." Gary Locke to  …
Gary Locke, the star in Trump's disgusting new ad, speaks out: “It is racial stereotyping at its worst. Asian Americans will always be viewed as foreigners."  …  …
Oriental Adventures is... bad. It has a lot of problems and reinforces harmful stereotypes. But just because I can connect the text to real world racism, it doesn't mean that if you ENJOY these books you are a racist. It means you have the capacity to support asian stories.
So much for that Black/asian coalition.  …
Gary Locke is a trailblazer and icon to Asian Americans. When Trump confuses Locke for a Chinese official, it's part of a broader pattern of attacks on people of color. As I told @IsaacDovere for @TheAtlantic: "It’s  …
Matthew, who I believe a smart&good man, too often gives in to concern-trolling&tone-policing, frankly too easy frm someone who isnt black, latin, Asian, a woman, or any of the other groups of people facing existential threat for 3 years. Please check your privelege, sir.
[with permission] a Harvard Asian American anesthesia resident, after working an 80 hour week taking care of #COVID19 patients & putting herself at risk, was harassed outside the hospital, people yelling that she “brought COVID to America” Any journalists interested in covering?
We are the only damn "group" on this planet who can't seem to support our own like it's second nature. You don't even need to tell an Asian person to support their own, they do it naturally without having to think about it. Common sense.
Locke's friend @ChrisLu44 -- also an Asian American and also an Obama administration alum -- on the Trump explanation: “It’s bullshit.” “It’s sort  that they think all Chinese people look alike, but more broadly, it’s part of an attack on Asian Americans as others."
Gentle nod in the laundromat to INTRA-ASIAN racism lol... it happens and it's real. We're not all the same and people have prejudices against each other, particularly 40 years ago!
I realized while shooting these '70s Bronx scenes that I don't think I'd ever seen Asian-American characters centered in a period piece in America. At least while growing up!
Locke's father was part of the invasion of Normandy& Battle of the Bulge. Being thrown in (inadvertently?) to an ad because of how he looks "is racial stereotyping at its worst. Asian Americans—whether you’re 2nd, 3rd, or 4th generation, will always be viewed as foreigners."
I'm confident/afraid that the feeling of messing up at a piano recital will be VERY relatable to a lot of Asian-American kids...
Locke is justifiably bewildered about what went down. He said friends and former aides have been reaching out indignant. His feelings: "It's anger." “For a lot of Asian Americans, it’s not surprising, but it is disheartening,” he said.
Say NO to racism! Racist grubs are attacking Chinese Australians. It’s a virus you imbeciles! Stop listening to Pauline Hanson! Grab a brain! COVID-19 is playing host to another contagion: anti-Asian racism  …
Reminder that Asian Americans already live in the matrix of neoliberal lies... 
so at what point are yall gonna realise that mocking your Asian nail tech is racist??????
Look at my smile and fall in love with it. Now make me smile some more and $end to your Asian Goddess. { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme } 
“The other day, I got stopped in the subway and one of the passengers started screaming racial slurs at me. I was dressed in scrubs....” Scrubs or no scrubs, this is not okay. We must speak out against attacks on Asian Americans and Asian immigrants.  …
If you’re attacking Asian Australians over coronavirus you’re a bloody idiot. That’s my family, friends and colleagues you’re attacking and I’ll fight you. Metaphorically. Or block you. Literally.  … via @smh
covid-19 shower thoughts: asian am folks who are very outspoken about anti-asian racism and have not once spoken about systemic racism against black and 
Gary Locke's inclusion in the ad indirectly reinforces an insidious pattern of Asian Americans being asked to prove they’re American and being seen as “other.” 
I honestly don't have words for the emotional impact of seeing an Asian American movie, set partly in Taiwan, where the main character uses the Taiwanese word for grandmother that I also used to call my grandmother. Thanks to @alanyang for #Tigertail #Representationmatters
While most Americans are struggling amid the Covid-19 pandemic, "Asian Americans are doing all of that while also fearing for our safety," Emily Liu writes for @CNNOpinion. She offers advice on how to curb the toxic effects of coronavirus-related 
Also in the emails I’ve been getting a LOT from people in Australia? Couple things I’m finding out from messaging homies who live in Australia. There are a lot of asian there and racial bullying can be problem for asian Australians. Is this True or no?
COVID19 is the enemy, not the people. What we say affects how we feel and what we do. Do say: COVID19. People who have COVID19. People who may have #COVID19. Don’t say: Chinese or Asian or Wuhan virus. COVID19 cases. COVID19 suspects. 
All this talk of Asian racism. Now look what we have here.  …
"Cut fruit is Asian parents’ love language"  …
“There has not been a concerted effort from federal agencies to prevent and address anti-Asian sentiment related to the COVID-19 pandemic,” Senate Democrats say in a letter to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights. 
Seriously WHY Do Dems Put illegals Before The American People? TRUMP Is America FIRST, Hispanic-Black Asian-White-Whatever! We Need Republicans In House & Senate (We Saw What Crazy Dems Do, Obstruction) WE NEED TRUMP & REPUBLICANS TO MAGA (Again) Vote Red & Vote Dems OUT  …
In 1957 Asian Flu killed 116,000 in the US. With today's population that would equate to 220,000 deaths. No worldwide panic. No lockdown. No social distancing. No big deal. In 1968 Hong Kong Flu killed 100,000 in the US, by population that would equate to 165,000 deaths. 1/X
Olivia Munn on the racism arising amid COVID-19: "It makes me scared for myself, my family members, friends, other people in the  It boils down to people wanting someone to blame, or they need a target to take out their frustrations" 
Remember all the Black folks who threw on capes to go eat and Asian restaurants and post it--calling on us all to support them? Seen any posts from Asians calling on  to protect Black citizens from these violent, confusing, "virus related" attacks?  …
Anti-Asian racism has been on the rise during this pandemic. And it’s a threat to the kind of solidarity and national unity we need right now. My column in today’s  …
EASTER EGG SURPRISE: Asian elephants at Sydney's Taronga Zoo celebrated Easter early, by cracking open hay-filled eggs, throwing them in the air with their trunks.  
If you watch one movie this weekend, make it @alanyang's #Tigertail on Netflix. The storytelling is as gorgeous as these photos. @nicalexiac spoke to Yang about making the film, "stoic Asian dads" & choosing that one song that made 60yo men cry  
5 ALBUMS YOU NEED TO HEAR THIS WEEK feat. 1. @torylanez - The New Toronto 3 2. Asian Doll ( @AsianDaBrattt) - Doll SZN Reloaded 3. @TeniEntertainer - The Quarantine Playlist 4. @22Gz - Growth & Development 5. @AIDONIA4THGENNA - Dats A Trap Read  
Biden Blasts Trump For Spreading Racism Against Asian-Americans  #TuckFrump
The first Trump campaign ad of the general is full of problems. Dishonest claims, selective editing, and they imply that Gary Locke is  Chinese official. (He was 2-term gov of Washington state, 1st Asian gov in continental US, fmr. Commerce Secretary & top US diplomat)  …
COPO  to low   members. Many are South Asian Muslims. We served seniors first. Here is the line that had formed for the food shift to follow. 
your favorite asian twitter "baddies" have ethical morals and beliefs that are situational and only choose to respect them when it’s favorable to them at the time... and then y’all choose to bandwagon with whoever’s trending. not ready for THAT conversation tho, are we
UK govt urged to investigate coronavirus deaths of Black, Asian and minority ethnic doctors. The first ten doctors in the UK named as having died from coronavirus were all BAME. It's extraordinarily, how this is being overlooked.   …
I would like to add my voice to those calling for #unityoverfear as we navigate covid19 and express my sadness and anger in knowing that members of  are living in fear of racism on top of covid19. It’s not ok. Respect to my Asian-Australian friends and neighbours.
The Asian leaders told Trump “Listen....start blaming nigg*rs now”!!!
Asian-Americans from far and wide: hearing from so many of you today about your experiences has never made me stronger or prouder.  …
Earthquakes, locust swarms, collapsing economies, and pandemics. Now, Giant Asian Hornets - Trunews with Rick Wiles  …
Extremely annoyed at the diaspora Asians who were tweeting every five seconds about attacks on Asian folks and now relatively nothing about the data on disproportionate Black and brown deaths
We all know the truth... that Covid-019 didn't create the hate or bigotry - it's always been there, waiting to be exposed. In today's powerful ep of The Daily, @JiayangFan explores  of dealing with racism as an Asian-American.  …
just because someone is asian doesn’t mean they’re from bts oh god  …
So...Asian people are being racially attacked because stupid orange can’t say the word ‘covid’ but can say ‘A Good Friday to all’... & rather than address healthcare system injustice... the govt thinks black & brown people are children who drink & smoke too much...
From December through March, as the coronavirus outbreak ravaged China, more than 3,200 flights left the Asian nation on direct routes to at least 20 cities across the U.S., according to an ABC News analysis of more than 20 million flight records. 
Anti-Asian racism rose so sharply Because racists are overwhelmed by cognitive dissonance They convinced themselves that 'Western Civilisation' was the most advanced thing on Earth Yet the west were the ones who catastrophically failed the crisis And they *can't* believe it
damn yall whites try , just t r y living with asian parents. you wont even dare to lift a finger on them.  …
being a kpop fan does not give you the right to make jokes about asian people and mock asian cultures
Okay so what forces led their countries into western-defined poverty? Whose bases were scattered throughout Asian and the pacific during major wars? What makes American citizenship powerful?
Asian MF who likes math.
Meanwhile, acting on a precautionary principle, shouldn't we protect those apparently at highest risk - black and Asian men in their 50s and 60s - by keeping them out of high risk areas?
This is also a good moment to look back at this beautiful project Soya worked on, a timeline of Asian American histories through the lenses of land, labor and empire. Lots to learn that helps us understand anti-Asian racism right now.   …
Alan Yang, director of the new Netflix Taiwanese immigrant drama "Tigertail," says, "I hope the  embraces it because it’s very much a love letter, not just to my own family, but to every family that’s gone through this experience." 
“Hate crimes and discrimination against the Asian  are on the rise. And the Trump team is making it worse. Asian Americans are Americans, period.” New to @Twitter , @GovGaryLocke response to the Trump campaign’s latest attack  …
“A study of more than 2,000 patients critically ill with the virus in England, Wales and Northern Ireland has found that 35% are Black, Asian or other ethnic minority. This is more than double the representation in the wider population.”  …
Every asian girl on earth can draw it’s just established something at birth
wish some form of asian american history were required, like starting in elementary, so that i wouldn’t have to explain the basics of orientalism all the time and also that MOST of what you think you know about a country like china is u.s. propaganda, among many other subjects
10 years ago I was a contractor for the Gov't, I did a lot of work in the NRO (national reconisince center ) in Chantilly Virginia. At least 30% of the employees there with high level security clearance were Asian.  …
“Yes, we’ve made strides. But we are still, in the public eye, a perpetual foreigner.” Tzi Ma talks "Tigertail," "Mulan" and Anti-Asian bigotry during the coronavirus pandemic 
There have been far too many reports of racist & xenophobic attacks against Asian Americans during this health crisis. @SenDuckworth, @MazieHirono & I are asking @USCCRgov to help federal agencies stop bigotry against people of Asian descent.  …
So basically...issa Asian thing. I don’t know any asian who doesn’t have one  …
Gary Locke just emailed me a statement about being included in this ad: “Hate crimes and discrimination against the Asian  are on the rise. And the Trump team is making it worse. Asian Americans are Americans. Period.” in full- 
y’all it’s kind of insane how majority, if not all of these performers that have been shown in the documentary are english speaking artists. Blackpink really broke a barrier and had EVERYONE vibing with them. now that is asian representation and no one can tell me otherwise.
Can we talk about the fact that this piece was in a round-up of dispatches on life in the pandemic that featured majority white writers and ZERO Asian American or Latinx or Native American voices?  …
don't shoot me for saying this but this is also the majority of south asian boys who think their 'dark humour' is some quirky personality trait when they are actually just being dickheads  …
Hearing @ShrryCola whisper into your ear is about as satisfying as it gets. #StayTheFFHome and relax with this Asian snack 
Senate Democrats call for federal action on anti-Asian coronavirus racism. 
spoke with @alanyang about his beautiful new movie TIGERTAIL on netflix and what it means to be asian in america during this very weird time  …
First 10 doctors in the UK to die from #COVIDー19 are either Black, Asian or Minority Ethnic people. British Medical Association has urged UK Gov. to urgently investigate if & why Black, Asian & Minority Ethnic people are more vulnerable to Coronavirus.  …
Gary Locke rose through the political ranks from humble, minority beginnings to  King County's first Asian American executive in 1994, and the first Asian American governor in the United States in 1996.  
In the face of hate, we must stand strong together. Join us in celebrating these amazing Asian-American children's book creators.  …
Last year, Andrew Yang was criticized for saying America is “one generation away from Americans shooting up a bunch of Asians...” Sadly, Yang was right. Since the start of the year, more than 1,000 hate crimes have occurred against Asian-Americans. #YangGang
Exhibit of the Day: the Asian elephants in the Hall of Asian Mammals. What’s the difference between these elephants & their cousins in the Hall of African Mammals? Asian elephants have smaller ears, aren’t as tall, & their skulls have a hump! 
A new attack ad by Trump’s re-election campaign portraying former Biden as soft on China includes an image of an Asian-American former governor of Washington State that appears to falsely suggest he is Chinese.  …
These Asian elephants at the Taronga Zoo in Australia are getting in on the Easter fun 
I always find it hysterical that white men love chasing Asian women because they think they’re gonna be “submissive” but in reality they will walk all over you AND run them pockets bc that’s how QUEENS operate
people to me: i don’t think of you as *that* asian me: 
The head of the British Medical Association has called on UK the government to urgently investigate if and why black, Asian and minority ethnic people are more vulnerable to Covid-19  …
love seeing woke  about the "cultural erasure" of prohibiting cars on streets where black, Asian, and latinx children have been killed riding their bikes. I haven't seen this much empty-handed sanctimony outside of creative writing workshops.
Sizwe I really like your analysis, but on the Covid-19 threads I have found your threads lacking critical analysis, first you applauded Sweden, and now these Asian tigers. Fact of the matter you have to put all the cards on the table and see if you  apple with apples
I might believe The Root actually gave a damn about the safety and well-being of Asian-Americans if they were covering anti-Asian hate crime incidents fully and accurately. But this story itself illustrates that they don't, and they aren't.  …
Senate Democrats call for federal action on anti-Asian coronavirus racism. 
The election will be very messy, stay woke ppl. In the ad, the Trump campaign edited a clip of Biden and suggests that a former Asian-American Gov. is Chinese. The Donald Trump disinformation campaign is in full effect in a recent ad attacking Joe Biden.  …
New post discussing why Black and Asian people are more likely to be affected by the virus. A further example of the fact racial inequality is a matter of life & death.  …
Big thanks @GeneforTexas and the Houston Tsinghua Alumni Association who stopped by @HPOUTX to donate 2k surgical masks and 500 KN95 masks for our officers on the front lines. The outpouring of support from the Asian  in Houston has been incredible. 
As of April 8, we have race/ethnicity data for 62.4% of total cases in Boston residents. For the cases where race/ethnicity is known: 4.8% Asian or Pacific Islander 40.3% Black or African American 14.2% Hispanic or Latino 12.3% Other 28.4% White
The president is sayin no matter how many generations your family have lived here, how much you have contributed to the country, and how high you have risen, Asian Americans are not Americans. Narcissistic racist reality TV idiot!  …
Just posted: I interviewed Alan Yang, Emmy winner for “Master of None,” on his Netflix movie “Tigertail,” which releases this weekend.  … He hopes the movie will  to Asian-Americans amid xenophobia and racism.
A1:  are not experiencing this as a monolith. Asians who are East/SE Asian, incarcerated, Muslim, working class, undocumented, queer&trans, survivors, houseless are facing racialized violence & need  support & solidarity  …
One thing we know for sure about #COVID19—it doesn't care what your race or ethnicity is. My colleagues & I are urging the Admin to issue guidance to federal agencies on preventing & addressing anti-Asian racism & xenophobia related to this pandemic  …
"The 1957–58 influenza pandemic, also known as Asian flu, was a global pandemic of influenza A virus subtype H2N2 which originated in Guizhou, China and killed at least 1 million people worldwide." - Wiki *CORONAVIRUS DEATHS SURPASS 100,000 WORLDWIDE: JOHNS HOPKINS
In NYC, the police department’s Hate Crime Task Force has investigated 11 cases in which Asian Americans were targeted because of the coronavirus pandemic, a spokesperson says. 
A2: We recognize that 'East Asian' is not a monolith. We must recognize the different structural positions of Southeast Asian  We must build collective solidarity with  facing the brunt of global racial capitalism. #FeministAntibodies
They were "accidentally" introduced to France from China and they have been spreading rapidly throughout Europe ever since. Deadly giant Asian Hornets that can 'kill with one sting' are heading to the UK.  …
In light of continuing attacks against people racialized as Chinese/East Asian,  need 2 heal. At the same time, we must recognize the heightened racism we are experiencing is still less severe than that experienced by Black &  #FeministAntibodies
Okay let’s do this Amazing black authors and their books: a thread. These authors have put their heart and SOUL into their work and they deserve to be celebrated just as any other white author. (Also support your asian, middle eastern, indian and latino authors!!!)
What you're cheering on is exploitation. Not them being smarter than anyone else. They exploit labor and resources. Particularly African resources and Asian labor. That's the  …
From southern American cornbread to south Asian roti, bread has a permanent place on our plates and in our hearts. 
Smashed windows and graffiti reading "ch**k": Vandals target Asian Americans amid coronavirus. And in a one-two punch, some businesses now can't even afford the repairs amid huge customer declines. 
Check this out: Deadly giant Asian Hornets that can 'kill with one sting' are heading to the UK. “They were *accidentally* introduced to France from China in 2004 and they have been spreading rapidly throughout Europe ever since.”  …
who’s ready for @insecurehbo on sunday?! check out this ep of The Africa Miranda Show where I sat w/ @xrhodge to talk about the show, Asian representation in Hollywood, & relationships! watch full convo:  
Two minutes. That’s how long it takes to sign our new petition demanding proper regulation to protect Asian elephants. Two minutes of your time and a lifetime for them. If you haven’t already, please sign and share:  
Q1: Asian  are under attack right now. On top of the general anxiety related to #COVID19 quarantine, many are afraid for our safety and well-being due to surging anti-Asian racism. #FeministAntibodies
Hey Nevies! Asian Agent ( #GIDLE’s manager) is now asking who you would like to see collaborate with the girls. Go make your request on his Instagram page. I can’t wait to see the suggestions!  
Super quick Asian fishcakes that need just 5 ingredients! #KeepCookingCarryOn  
Those who are lashing out at Asian Americans because of COVID, you are racist, pathetic, and uneducated! The disrespect to a fellow AMERICAN is something no true patriot will stand for! Retweet if you agree! #COVIDー19 #AmericaWorksTogether It’s still the #ChinaVirus
#Tigertail is out now everywhere in the world Netflix is available! Please share and tell an Asian friend, a friend who’s had and lost love, a friend who has a daughter, a friend who has a father... this one’s for all of us! 
If y’all wanna know why black people have such a problem with “sharing” our culture with White, Asian, Hispanic/Latin people is because y’all get praised for it and we get crucified. Y’all get told you’re “revolutionizing the fashion industry” and we get called ghetto and ratchet
"Despite the half-century that has passed since the Asian Final, the dream is still in the minds of lots of fans, and they will never forget that night." WATCH:   …
Day6 as Crazy Rich Asian Poster Movie 
This photo was taken in June filming for the @PBS documentary "Asian Americans"! So honored to be a part of this monumental work! My words/work will tentatively be featured in Episode 5. Thx @rtajima! Watch on your local PBS station May 11-12! Trailer:  
RAISE YOU HAND IF YOU LEARNED ALL OF ASIAN JAKE PAUL BY IDUBBZ
'Idiots. All idiots.' CNN's breathless report on 'surge in anti-Asian racism online' revolves around 'a new study' that no serious person should take seriously 
we Malaysian cant relate bcs our asian parents raised us well  …
I wrote about TIGERTAIL's meaningful contributions to Asian-American discourse, and also how despite them it's not a good movie at all.  …
Serious question. when is donghae’s episode of the asian ghost project going to be released?! We’ve been waiting too damn long 
Folks who are perceived as East Asian are reluctant to wear masks because society might think they’re sick. Black & Brown folks are reluctant to wear masks because society might think they’re “thugs”. Racism is f*!&ing versatile.
oh? did I hear somebody blame asian americans for covid? 
If you have any lingering doubts that white supremacy causes the most... virulent... anti-Asian racism BY Asians against ourselves. The real virus is the fear and worship of the white race, brought on by trauma and miseducation. 
In case anyone else has this question: from an Asian perspective there is a long history of white folks punning our "weird" names which feeds into perpetual otherness and feels dehumanizing  …
A new Trump ad falsely implies former Washington governor and U.S. ambassador to China Gary Locke is a Chinese government official. I wrote about why this reinforces an insidious pattern that's all too familiar for Asian Americans  …
“I didn’t know there were 150 Asian Americans in the music industry.” DEPRESSING.  
Ever wonder what "the perpetual foreigner" syndrome is? THIS! Gary Locke is American, but cuz he's of Asian descent, he appears foreign in this no-context ad. This a prime example of how Asian-Americans are perpetually viewed as foreigners in our own country.  …
You ever wonder who the hell your Stoic Asian Father was before life, adulthood and America hardened his shell? He had dreams and loves. He danced. He was charming as hell. That's 
My latest, an exclusive on the letter from @ewarren @SenDuckworth and @maziehirono calling for the civil  to issue guidance to federal agencies on preventing and addressing anti-Asian racism and xenophobia.  …
Tacky to repost  of which I'm undeserving but thinking through shape of my Asian-American identity aloud recalled so many memories I didn't know I repressed. And to talk through them was cathartic.  …
Ah often overlooked…much of the recent US “economic boom” was financed by…borrowing from China (Japan and Saudi Arabia are among the biggest lenders to US). America’s nearly $6 trillion in foreign-owned debt is owned predominantly by Asian economies.  …
Exclusive: In a letter spearheaded by Senators Elizabeth Warren, Tammy Duckworth & Mazie K. Hirono, lawmakers called on the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights to take "robust" action against the uptick in anti-Asian attacks since the COVID-19 pandemic began. 
lucky to be asian and scared of our mothers  …
New Trump attack ad appears to suggest Washington state’s former Asian American governor is a Chinese official 
Asian Americans are ahead of the curve on automation because we’ve been seen as quasi robots our entire mf lives in this country
Where was all this chatter about Asian Americans being victims of violence when south asians were getting attacked for a variety of reasons
All this reporting about Asian Americans from east Asians that forget not all Asians are east asians, and that violence against Asians in general is not new for non-east asians.
In the past, Asian-Americans have squandered opportunities "to build allies across racial groups.. recent attacks have exposed how Asian-Americans remain dangerously isolated politically, estranged from one another and from potential allies" 
not all asian things are 'weeb' read a book sometime geez  …
Asian Communication 101: LESSON 6 – SPICY FOOD Not all Asians eat spicy food but we know the cool ones do. Years ago, my friend invited me over for dinner. First time eating homecooked Hong Kong style food. Sadly not one dish was spicy. After dinner, I got me some Taco Bell.
And that's because the contours of race are different across the board, so you have to be specific. If I try to fight anti-Blackness the same way I fight antagonism towards Asian folks, I just end up flailing around because the lay of the land is drastically different
As Trump advisers focus on what the super PAC supporting the president's isn't doing in terms of ads, the campaign pushed out an ad that used an Asian-American diplomat and elected official to illustrate Biden's "ties" to China  …
Inspired by @BL_MadeDigital, enjoy an Easter-themed puzzle from a folio in our @HarvardLibrary #openaccess Stuart Cary Welch Islamic & S Asian Photograph Collection: King of the Hares (Easter bunny inspo?) addresses his subjects (NY Met 1981.373.66)!  
'There has always been racism toward the  but we've never seen anything that has been so quick and so globally widespread as this ' - @amazinlethi, Stonewall Sport Champion for  …
Neither Vietnam nor China sees this as  The Western press is manufacturing a narrative to pit Asian countries against each other and break up solidarity in the midst of a pandemic.  …
“British scientific journal Nature has apologised for associating Covid-19 with China in its reporting, saying that early coverage of the global health crisis by itself and other media had led to racist attacks on people of Asian descent around the world.”  …
On today's Daily: as the death toll from the virus rises, so do verbal and physical attacks on Asian Americans, who say they're being blamed for the pandemic. @JiayangFan shares her story. A powerful  …
The jokes on you Giant Asian Hornets, we’re all indoors because of a killer virus *sobs quietly* 
South Asian girlfriends since 1961: “aap cigarette chor dein” 
Spoke to #Tigertail star Tzi Ma about the growing diversity of Asian American storytelling and, among other things, hate crimes  has faced as of late. “It’s not the first time,” he said. “I’m a child of the ’60s. We’ve been through a lot.”  …
Asian-Americans Already Know This: Anti-Asian racism surged as coronavirus spread, fed by online trolls pushing conspiracy theories. Remember tRump calling it the “Chinese virus”? Remember Pompeo calling it “Wuhan flu”? They fanned the hate.  …
As the death toll from the coronavirus rises in the U.S., so do reports of verbal and physical attacks against Asian-Americans, who say hostile strangers are blaming them for the pandemic. Listen to today's episode of The Daily. 
Casual reminder that Black/Asian/Latinx/Indigenous folx on Twitter have done & continue to do more work (see also: emotional labor/educational labor) in a day than I have or ever will in my entire lifetime of being a white queer femme, so go thank anyone in those categories today
I started the sheltering-in-place sharing news articles with my Asian American Lit class highlighting attacks on Asians and Asian Americans in public. The number of articles and videos covering incidents of racism has multiplied exponentially.
Real Talk: Meredith and I decided that it was safest for her to do the shopping because we were worried about how my Asian face would be attacked in public spaces. Real Talk: whenever I’m outside with the kids I’m looking over my shoulder.
The ad, which calls Joe Biden soft on China and includes an image of former Gov. Gary Locke of Washington, an  at a time of rising xenophobia over the coronavirus.  …
They found more Asian slurs than normal on 4chan.  …
Asian Americans are the most educated U.S. demographic. So why are they the least likely to be promoted into management? 
Trump’s campaign released the ad on Thursday at a time of rising xenophobia and violence in the United States aimed at Chinese-Americans, as bigots blame them and other Asian-Americans for the outbreak of the coronavirus, which originated in China.  …
'It happened because I'm Asian': Toronto ER nurse says she was spit on, verbally assaulted | CTV News  …
Seriously folks, I keep hearing about my Asian and black colleagues getting sick and dying - we need good stats and science on this, but meanwhile, shouldn't we be more cautious about them being at the coal face if they are more at risk?  …
More xenophobia against Asian-Americans: Trump campaign runs ad attacking Biden for being friendly to China, but uses a clip of Gary Locke, former governor of Washington, US cabinet member and ambassador. Ironically, it’s Trump who praises Xi repeatedly.  …
“Yes, we’ve made strides. But we are still, in the public eye, a perpetual foreigner.” Tzi Ma talks "Tigertail," "Mulan" and Anti-Asian bigotry during the coronavirus pandemic 
Yes, I have been following you for months and agree this has been highlighted previously. It appears the western world disregards  out of Asian months ago to their own demise.
The endemic racism of the West is only a light nail scratch from the surface. Heart broken for all my Asian brothers and sisters. And... Furious.  …
President of Asian Development Bank, Masatsugu Asakawa assures Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman of 2.2 billion dollars or about 16,500 crore rupees, support to India in its fight against the #COVID19 pandemic. 
The recent rise in racist attacks has exposed the political isolation of Asian Americans. And how despite Masaoka's efforts, we are still often regarded as foreign. Anyways, for more, check out the piece. And for way more, you can pre-order the book! 7/7  …
Masaoka convinced Congress to allow very modest increases in how many Asians were allowed to enter the country. More importantly, he got them to lift the ban on naturalization. This was a watershed moment that countless Asian American families have benefited from. 5/
It’s hard to imagine now with Asian Americans the fastest growing racial group, but deep into the 20th century there were extremely strict bans on Asian immigration. Asians were not even allowed to naturalize and  American citizens. 4/
Have ever seen Indians having issues with being called Indians? Asian is used to describe race (PI don't understand why the same doesn't apply to African) have you ever heard  about being called Asians although they’ve lived in Africa for generations? I have not
is all because of Justin. YES, because it's his face that can give most Asian idols a run for their money. It's his face that can potentially attract millions of teenage girls, or I don't know, even adult women AND MEN, from the 6 inhabited continents of Earth. It's Justin's+
asian armys! interact with this tweet i’m trying to see something..
Really sad to hear of the death of Nazir Awan, who died suddenly after contracting coronavirus. Among a number of successful business ventures, Nazir was a founder member of the Institute of Asian Businesses.  … #BirminghamUpdates 
Quarantine thoughts: Flashing back to when I was freelancing while living with the fam and having to hear them yell at me to get a "real" job. These days it's a lot more quieter being on the other side of the country. To all the asian kids having to deal now: It gets better.
My dad on BBC Healthcheck UK Live this morning @NursesSikh @citysikhs @SikhPA @SikhNet @sikh_coalition @sikhchannel @SikhCouncilUK @akaalchannel @KTVGlobal  @A_W_M_B @MediaSikhs @SikhMessenger @nspauk @SikhYourMind @sikhdad @Sikh_Missionary @MumSikh 
Okay lmao. I was like “is she not Asian?” Why tf is he talking to her in Spanish
A group of high-profile Asian-Australians has started a petition calling for national unity and an end to anti-Asian racism brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic.  …
So does she get her Hawaiian last name from her white side or her asian side  …
NOT NOW DEADLY GIANT ASIAN HORNETS THAT CAN KILL WITH ONE STING  …
The Asian Development Bank will give India $2.2 billion for fighting virus and offset the economic impact of the pandemic 
A confusing article that seems mostly to be about the wrong species - both in photos and early text. We aren't being "invaded" by giant Asian hornets.  …
Donald Trump is now claiming that former Washington Governor Gary Locke is a Chinese government official, simply because Locke is of Asian ethnicity. Trump just keeps finding bizarre new ways to be a racist idiot.
15 years ago (10th April 2005) - Australia thrashed India to win Women's World Cup after Australia demolished India to win 2003 men's WC, both played in SA. India Women lost 116 ODIs, most by an Asian team in women's ODIs. Also, India men lost world record most 424 ODIs. #Cricket
If you told asian parents 10 years ago that people who invested in property and started a business  out as losers and youtubers/streamers  out as winners in 2020 they would've laughed and told you to keep studying
New: Asian Development Bank pledges 2.2 Billion USD ( Rs.16,700 Crores) to India for supporting the COVID-19 response. Earlier, World Bank  1 Billion USD. Agile coordination is ensuring rapid mobilization of funds.
Unbelievable mistakes already being made by Kier Starmer, can’t believe he appoints Naz Shah as Community Cohesion Minister, what an insult to the predominantly white English girls from places like Rotherham, brutally raped by predominantly Asian grooming gangs. 
people who think there’s nothing wrong with assigning korean people as japanese character are the same people who think cho chang is a good asian representation
Y'ALL NETFLIX JUST RELEASED A TRAILER FOR A MOVIE WITH AN ASIAN QUEER LEAD, REPRESENTATION WE ARE WINNING 
Marcellus Coffee-Can Portfolio: HDFC Bank Kotak Bank Bajaj Finance Asian Paints Berger Paints ITC Nestle Page Pidilite Relaxo Abbott Dr. Lal Pathlabs Divis Labs (Based on publicly available information) Disclaimer:No  Just sharing for information purpose.
21.) Branding COVID-19 the “Chinese virus” or “Wuhan virus” in a disgraceful attempt at racist scapegoating that not only does nothing to help  the crisis, it has made Asian-Americans the targets of increasing levels of discrimination, prejudice, and hate crimes.
oh my god Alice Wu who made the gaysian classic Saving Face has a new movie out and it's a teen romance where a bookish Asian girl ghostwrites love letters for this white jock guy but she's in love with the same girl ahhhhhhhhhh 
Asian Development Bank (ADB) President Masatsugu Asakawa on Friday assured Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman of $2.2 billion (about ₹ 16,500 crore) support to India in its fight against the #COVID19 
I'm Californian, & admit I wouldn't recognize former Wash. Gov. Gary Locke, an Asian-American, at a Democratic event. But Trump using Seattle-born Locke in an Biden attack ad, insinuating he is from China, is just more proof that Donald's racist bag of dogwhistles has no bottom.
A new attack ad by President Trump’s re-election campaign portraying Joe Biden as soft on China includes an image of an Asian-American former governor of Washington State that appears to falsely suggest he is Chinese 
Asian Development Bank assures $2.2 billion #COVID19 package to India  
All those people taking selfies with their pretty face masks to end the stigma know that face mask stigma is only ever applied to Asian people, right?
we need thavnair lore so ff14 rpers can make more than racist vaguely middle eastern or south asian dancer/courtesan ocs
Find your righteous Asian American rage, @AndrewYang.  compatible with a revolutionary economic program for all  …
The fact that South Korean imports from China are rebounding sends a positive signal about the recovery of the East Asian manufacturing hub. @MorganStanley via 
#Tigertail director @alanyang, along with stars @tzima8 and @Christine_Ko, share their favorite films to check out in Asian Cinema. 
3 Asian neighbours: China gives Viruses to world & destroys Humanity. Pak gives terrorism to world who attack humans all over world. India gives HCQ & helps in fight against #ChineseVirus all over world + treating Pak Supported Terrorism for more than 70 years.
What annoys me the most is that armymultis are the ones doing those   the biggest asian act of all time with rookies, -189 groups and ggs like I like Twice but I would never make  is so disrespectful towards BTS idc
My family always eat together but we dont talk about our days ??? Idk if it's an asian thing but we always have a meal together if possible???
I am particularly interested in the question of whether BME (not just S Asian) *health professionals* are getting a harder hit. There’s some evidence that HPs get a higher viral load. Please investigate. If verified, we should remove older BME HPs from the front line.
when you're living with your asian parents there's no such thing as " lazy day " where you can lay all day in bed with your phone or watch netflix, at some point you need to make the rice or wash the dishes or else you're dead
Ok but why are these tweets always directed towards Mexicans when I hear countless white people and Asian people saying this word. Yet for some reason y’all only wanna call out Mexican people
Like y'all think Asian people ain't worthy of being admired at unless its cause of exoticism  …
Every asian mom reactions  …
as an asian living in america i live as if this country could get rid of me anytime, whether through violence or neglect. it’s not paranoia, just reality. practical disillusionment over naive security
MY COLD QUEER ASIAN HEART. I LIIIIIIIIIIIIIIVE.  …
#iloverichbrian because he taught me to fully embrace who i am as an asian kid with big dreams and because his music slaps don't fight the feeling coz im yellow @richbrian @88rising 
1 problem (of many) i have with calls for asian americans to “prove” our americanness is that it implies a rejection of any transnational ties—like all my relatives in china. it also implies that to be asian american is better than being asian & involves a lessening of asianness
Philippine government has borrowed P300 billion ($5.92 billion) from Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas; secured a $3-million grant (P152 million) from the Asian Development Bank for medical supplies; fast-tracked a $100-million loan (P5.07 billion) from World Bank for health services
100%. Gary Locke is a family friend and we still get their holiday cards. He is a true American. Trump’s bullshit propaganda is pure trash. Asian-Americans are Americans.  …
Asian Fairy-bluebird surely one of the most striking birds of the forests in SE Asia they also have a good range of calls/songs. In this track two birds are interacting, the male in the pic and an unseen bird. Recorded in Tat Mok NP Thailand. 
One thing that has been uncovered in the mainstream press is the fact that Bernie Sanders has unparalleled support in the  imo because he's actually said "hold up, maybe they're actually humans and not  his entire career.  …
Me,  interviewing asian Americans leading the Joe Biden campaign:  
i feel scared to be out for a walk or at the supermarket, because of the virus but also because of how my presence might be read. and i’m disappointed in how little language/action i see in response to anti-asian racism, except from other asians & asian americans
honestly wish more people would check in with me about how i’m doing with this giant rise in anti-asian racism. i think a lot of people forget that it’s a reality, a terrifying reality. i’m so sad and angry and i still so rarely see my perspective in this country i call home
So are people gonna stop being racist to Chinese and Asian people in general ?? I’ve said from the start that if you’re pointing blame at China then have that same energy towards Europe and the US 
chinese exclusion, japanese incarceration, things like this demonstrate our inclusion has ALWAYS been partial, conditional. “asian american” is not a destination but a political contradiction that cannot be resolved without addressing american violence, dismantling american power
This breakdown also raises need for disaggregated data. I’ve counted over a 100 Bangladeshi deaths in NYC. No way number of fatalities among Asians (112) is true. Total #of unknown race is 917. I fear this is where Asian folks are. This is an AAPI undercount like the Census.  
My thighs are squishy and soft but I wonder if I can still crush you with them? #thighs #thiccthighs #asian More thighs & lewd goodness on my onlyfans! 25% off for ALL subs until all spots are taken!  
The fact that South Korean imports from China are rebounding sends a positive signal about the recovery of the East Asian manufacturing hub. @MorganStanley via 
Ads like this are going to get Asian-Americans killed.  …
the Buddha Śakyamuni was Indian weaponization of an Iranian against invasive Iranian thought. he was a scion of Inner Asian Saka military colonists whose skinhead śramana movement became the strongest counterattack on Zoroastrian absolutism in that era of great Rassenchaos.
. #Boston COVID 19 infections: Black residents: 40% of infections; 25% of the pop Asian residents: 10% of infections; 5% of the pop White residents: 28% of infections; 45% of the pop Hispanic residents: 14% of infections; 20% of the pop  … #bospoli #mapoli
You are right and you should be infuriated. Trump failed to act and failed to help Americans. We should also be talking about the rise in anti-Asian racism. According to the FBI, hate crimes against Asian Americans skyrocketed. Terms like “Chinese virus” only fuel the hate.
this is what i see when asian girls only go after white dudes  …
Lauren and other "South Asian" bureau chiefs do love India, but *without the Indians*. It's an old tradition. Either servile unsuspecting Indians for transactional needs, or deracinated Hindus, is what they really love.
oomf thinks im half asian and half filipino ... who’s gonna tell her 
He Kexin after transitioning from low to high bar without a dead hang at the 2010 Asian Games 
Asian Americans constantly fight the perception that we're not real Americans and owe our loyalties to another country Gary Locke was born in the U.S. and has served this country with distinction By suggesting that Locke is a foreigner, Trump insults all non-white Americans  …
Wasak. I'm here for this Asian genderbent Cyrano de Bergerac pining love triangle realness (This is also the very same premise of @MulaSaBuwan, please stan and tune into its livestream on April  …
Without bundles, payola or an English album and with the industry against them, @BTS_twt are here to stay, they aren't considered the biggest asian act and most relevant group in the world for nothing 
Asian Simulation Game 
If Biden has Asian Americans in lead roles in his campaign, I'd love to see them agree to being interviewed by @angryasianman, @reappropriate, @originalspin, or @viet_t_nguyen.
ANYWAY if you're an Asian American author looking to pitch a YA or MG book during this month's DVPit, dm me? I'd love to give you a pitch/query critique. I would offer to help with other categories, but I've never pitched one so it's probably better this way.
Just gonna hold up the positives. Soft Power has a cast album dropping in about a week then Cambodian Rock Band drops theirs in May. YESSSS ASIAN EXCELLENCE!!!
(I'm aware that this is how a lot of people from high-functioning Asian and EU countries already feel about the US -- a lot of parts of it are just more janky than what they're used to. Well, that'll get a lot worse.)
You are still my anti- #CCP Pope of Asian America w/ your bible - the Coming Collapse of China. What a prophecy!  …
One Asian American physician’s opinion on the media’s coverage of Coronavirus. MM  …
Some of asian romantic movies you can watch as  by good people at @AsianMoviePulse who really understand Asian cinema.  … A Copy of My  soon to 
DDT? Please? “Giant Asian hornets that can ‘kill with a single sting’ to invade virus-stricken US  …
The recent "bailouts" for asian americans and even non-citizens (illegal aliens) proves the blatant racism in not providing federal funds to black people who are dying from Covid-19. Also, Joe Biden is flirting with Kamala Harris...as his running mate. 
Santa Clara County releases new data that tracks #COVID19 deaths by race and ethnicity: • Latino residents - 36% • White residents - 34% • Asian residents - 23% • African American - 4% • People of other races - 2% 
it seems the algorithm believes all I want to hear about right now is filmic depictions of queer Asian ladies & if so the algorithm  right 
PSA: Everyone should've listened to @shutupshealea when she told us all to read STEEL CROW SAGA -- because STEEL CROW SAGA IS AMAZING. Asian-inspired fantasy world at war! colonial anger! people who summon & fight with fantastical animals they have 'pacted' with! and love. 
BTS’ V Wins ‘Ultimate Asian Heartthrob’ Award for Third Year in a Row  …
On authoritarian power grabs across the globe. El Salvador figures prominently in this list alongside African and Asian nations. Somehow Honduras slips through undetected...  …
So the split second clip amid clips of Chinese officials was for people to be able to identify the moment was from a specific trip, and know that that trip fits into an attack the president has made—and not because it happened to be of an Asian man standing with Chinese flags?
I just want to share that our very own 5 members SB19, is listed as the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020. Thank you for all of your hardwork A'TIN! I know even small or big account will not see this but it's okay. @SB19Official #SB19 @StarFMBaguio #Perfect10Countdown Alab by 
It's not simply that AsAms are experiencing "bigotry" that should inform solidarity w/ others; it's that a crisis produced by global neoliberalism is being racialized *as* Asian in a way that obscures how racial capitalism always already marks certain bodies for premature death
CNN in two weeks: "Why do we call them giant ASIAN hornets?".
Okay, I have a favor to ask. We live in the boonies, the closest town only has a couple Asian restaurants and they’re all closed and we’re all missing it a bit. Do you have a great, not  Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Korean or Vietnamese recipe you like?
I'd rather not subsume the rise of COVID anti-Asian violence into a domesticated framework of liberal solidarity, but instead think specifically on how Orientalism (Sinophobia in particular) is being used to defer a broader reckoning w/ the endemic violence of racial capitalism
Kind of lost in the COVID-19 news: Giant Asian wasps have arrived in the US. Oh, yay.  …
I know #TheHalfOfIt is 3 weeks away, but I've learned a lot of people haven't seen @ThatAliceWu's first film #SavingFace. Alice is a pioneer in Asian American cinema. So watch it as you wait - you can rent it via streaming on most VOD platforms.  …
Roughly half of the people who have tested positive for the coronavirus in California are African American, Latino or Asian, according to data released Wednesday. 
Okay, I'm still depressed about Bernie, but I'll suck it up for a little map I made: Folks don't really talk about South Asians in Congress. Out of the 36 AAPI members ever elected, only 8 have been South Asian, and only 4 remain in Congress. All but 1 have been Indian-American. 
“It doesn’t even have to physically hurt anyone—which it already has. You have the Asian American population in the United States telling you this is hurtful, that this is painful for us, please don’t do this. That should be enough.”  …
ASIAN DID WHAT SHE HAD TO DO!!!! 
♡ a total pleasure to read @JayGYing’s thoughtful & beautiful review of the recent (684 page!!) anthology ‘To Gather Your Leaving: Asian Diaspora Poetry from [usa], Aus, UK & Eu’ it’s importance, strengths & limitations (always a thrill to read fav poets in a different mode!) ♡  …
I need a beautiful asian woman  into my life
Latest Trump ad features a montage of Biden meeting with Chinese officials. Amid that montage at the :39 mark: a clip of him with Gary Locke, the former governor of Washington/Commerce secretary/ambassador to China, who is Asian-American, but... American  
marxist dennis miller:  used to be a passtime for rumpled ethnic whites to meet in bookstore basements & share mysteriously-stained mimeographs, now it's about bodying MLs online with quotes from the grundrisse over beautifully drawn east asian animation bap bap bap
she never had any operation, her paternal family is tatar (an asian ethnicity from mongolia) so she looks asian. this is her as a child vs her now 
*Lana is from sakhalin, an island in the asian part of russia, which is next to japan and it's close to korea too, this island is full of ethnic groups 
This is gonna sound real shocking to many people, but I hope you know that when you’re being racist to P.O.C or sharing ignorant things/remarks/insults that you realize the idol in your pfp and pinned pic are Asian....they are P.O.C too......shocking right? I know. I spilled 
This is terrifying. I urge anyone with information on this hateful attack to report it to @NYPDnews immediately. The alarming rise in attacks against Asian people in recent weeks must be addressed and stopped.  …
On top of #WuhanCoronaVirus, #Thailand is now battling forest fires too The fires in northern Thailand ( #ChiangMai) started sometime in late March, have caused the northern parts of the Southeast Asian nation to be covered in thick smoke. @NBTWORLDNews 
Every time I pass a sign in someone's window that says, WE ARE ALL IN THIS TOGETHER, I whisper to myself, UNLESS YOU'RE VISIBLY ASIAN, because that's how how much this world is getting on my tits right now.
I tweeted this only 3 weeks ago, & now people who look East Asian are facing heightened levels of harassment, violence, & threats, and Black & Latinx People are disproportionately dying. Tell me again why it’s ridiculous to worry about racism during a pandemic?  …
Another interesting thing in  on my proposal was that colleagues could see COVID-19 racism in relation to Asian ppl but not Aboriginal ppl. This is bc they only see racism as public abuse etc not as structural and endemic. This article shows the continuity of racism  …
Angry CNN personality smearing an Asian-American reporter and demanding she stand in the back of the room Yikes  …
Another jewel from @TheHuntington's collection of Asian American ephemera. @LTHSnews would love to peruse this 1929 Little Tokyo map. What pops out to me is the photographic supply ad on the right side. Putting to bed a book on photographer J.T. Sata who probably shopped  …
#Parasite won a bunch of Oscars 2 months ago. Lots of Asians felt seen, represented. #Coronavirus has shattered that fragile acceptance. We are now witnessing an uptick in anti-Asian hate crimes. What an abrupt reminder of our marginality #AsianTwitter
UNBREAKABLE brings Asian myths, folklore, & legends through a modern lens. "Through the Dragon's Gate" by @ethnyen is inspired by a Chinese proverb. Find this adventure & more when it releases on April 14th! #UnbreakableAnthology #dnd5e Newsletter:   
QUEER ASIAN PROTAGONIST LITERALLY GIVE IT TO ME  …
Oh, and we have this to look forward to.....Giant Asian hornets that can ‘kill with a single sting’ to invade virus-stricken US – The US Sun  …
The NYC DOH posted a new table breaking down fatalities by ethnicity, based on 63% of nyc deaths (where they  data). It suggests covid-19 is ~2x as fatal among the city’s latino and black populations as among its white and asian populations.  
'It happened because I'm Asian': Toronto ER nurse says she was spit on, verbally assaulted 
From a friend: "Do you know of any studies about Asians working in the museum field? Both broadly because of the diversity of Asian-Americans and other Asian identities. Everything I can find that is focused on race is explicit to African-American and  Ideas?
Asia's Multimedia Star Alden Richards ( @aldenrichards02) finishes at Top 6 in Starmometer's “Ultimate Asian Heartthrob” list! 
No hate but as soon as you see a hot asian girl or a hot asian boy bts stan yall go crazy and literally  fan of them even though themselves are fan accs and that’s so disgusting wtf is wrong with you all? Stop fetishising asian..first the i made coffee boy and now sadggukie
Which of these happened to Asian folx in LA? (per 'hate' tracker) A. Driver cuts off family in crosswalk at LAX, blames them for covid B. Trader Joe shopper is coughed on, sworn at C. Cup of coffee is thrown at pedestrian, called chink D. That 'n more  …
The little Asian-American owned grocery by my house is so well stocked that I'm just kinda depressed about it. Our independent stores need customers. The other part of me is like "well I guess racists can just wipe their asses with leaves then"
anyone else feel weird abt all the white ppl suddenly being like ‘masks are so cool looking tho’ and turning it into an ~aesthetic~ while asian folks wearing masks get racist vitriol directed at them or is it just me
Its 2007. The smell of the mall fills your nostrils. A gentle Asian woman offers you a sample of teriyaki chicken. After a long night of entering every shop, buying nothing, but touching everything, you go home to play Guitar Hero and drink Mountain Dew Code-Red. A simpler time.
Everyone calls an Asian girl with fake lashes an ABG. We have to put on fake lashes cause we DONT HAVE ANY EYELASHES
Bitch Asian Da Baddest. Might Change my Name to AsianDaSavage.... 
This time when white children get raped by Asian or rather Pakistani gentlemen, you'll be able to tell them to shut their mouths with real authority. Doesn't that front bench suffer some indignities.
I hate when I feel my own feelings but this looks absolutely wonderful. A MILLION TIMES YES to more queer Asian storytelling! @thatalicewu  …
Has anyone thought to ask @BarackObama or George Clooney why they have a young Asian child in the floor of the boat and why Obama has a "concerned" look on his face when he sees the camera? 
asian girls : white men : hey how r u white men : i’m just reading junji ito, my favorite author.
"Saving Face" by @thatalicewu was the first queer Asian love story I ever saw on screen. I'm so freaking excited for #TheHalfOfIt and to see more queer Asian love stories!  …
In tonight's piece, a topical issue. Our Environmental Stewardship research Lead, @gbaraldi11, takes on the brutality and inhumanity of Asian 'wet markets'. Read more, in an excellently researched and informative debut piece below  …
My score. I got this score by saying I don't care if TV shows depict racial stereotypes, I don't care if someone asks an asian if he can do Karate etc. 
Things can’t possibly get wor... Giant Asian Hornets that can ‘kill with a single sting’ to invade virus-stricken US  …
Life as an Asian-American doctor fighting coronavirus: I'm "both celebrated and villainized"  
‘It is not a Chinese virus. Viruses do not have nationality.’ — Comedian @funnyhelenhong is reminding people that the surge in anti-Asian racism is no joke 
I’m crying. @thatalicewu’s new film looks so honest & beautiful. I wish so badly I’d gotten to see and be part of stories about about queer Asian women as I was growing up. But it’s happening now. And the next generation will know they’re not alone. 
Asian agent ( @G_I_DLE’s manager) is asking which Dj/Producer you would like to see do a remix of #Ohmygod. Go request who you would like to see. He will probably listen to your suggestions!  
pls keep in mind that the south asian subcontinent is very very very VERY diverse in culture so this is but a speck and what my culture wud probably show!! this is not a condensation of ALL south asian fashion!
sects as bougie south asian women's fashion bc ,,, gurlz 
'It's Tough to Reconcile Being Both Celebrated and Villainized.' A friend shares some of the joys of being given the privilege to care for others as an Asian-American physician, and also a glimpse of some of the struggles.  … #AsianAmerican #nyc @nyulangone
This may be the first time I've seen an east Asian teen girl character with the nerdy simple ponytail in media  …
Netflix describing the The Half of It to me. Netflix: It's about an outcast teen ME: Sure Netflix: She's Asian ME: Ooooh! Netflix: And it's gay ME: 
thread of the sects in traditional south asian bougie fashion for men 
Shilpa Shetty’s sister is and this is a South Asian Bop. If you don’t know this you’re not brown I’m sorry 
this is what the jins wud wear if they were south asian ,,, 
Adding on to this, Kealoha is traditionally a Native Hawaiian last name, but this character will be "half-Asian, half-white"?  …
The thing about having the character be from Hawaii, is the island's population has a significant number of people from different Asian ethnic backgrounds. Why can't the character be halfJapanese and Polynesian, or Filipina?
Anyway, while waiting for The Half of It, watch Saving Face, a lesbian rom com about an asian lesbian doctor who falls in love with her asian lesbian ballerina childhood friend. Written and directed by asian lesbian director alice wu. Streaming in youtube, amazon prime and vudu. 
Learn how Anna May Wong paved the way for Asian American actors working in Hollywood. Watch the full episode:  (From @PBSAmerMasters) 
Apart from the reboot no one asked for, I have to point out that every biracial character doesn't have to be half white. People who are half Black and Asian exist. People who are of different Asian ethnic backgrounds exist. Same goes for romantic relationships, by the way.  …
BH didn't shove TXT into America but instead has focused on the Asian Region and that's why TXT has been gaining more and more fans. International can wait especially with how they're treating BTS, screw that right now. Western artist have been taking interest in TXT+
not new to nsfw twt, i’m just looking for more mutuals - she/they - 5teen - switch (++dom) - asian - foodie - aries rt to be mutuals 
So will we ever address Asian anti-blackness or is this "too embarrassing" to admit in front of white people?  …
I'll be a guest on @scrowder with @QTRBlackGarrett so I made a 1/2 Asian Bill outdoor-vinyl sticker as a stretch goal for every backer!  
Hello China, What is this?! Are you trying to start a war with Africans by being racist, I know we can't win against you but I will tell you one thing before you judge us based on our colour "NO ONE CHOSE TO BORN BLACK, WHITE OR ASIAN" #ChinaMustExplain 
Look at this data. If we want a teacher corps reflective of student demographics in RI, we need to triple the #of Asian Am Ts, more than quadruple #of Black Ts, nearly 9X as many Latinx Ts, and probably at least 10X as many Indigenous Ts. Let's get to it!  …
theres a name for women in asian culture who take on masculine apprearances, but in a justin bieber "pretty boy way" that women fawn over, that only other women really understand the aesthetic/demeanor of. it's actually  & some women prefer them over other men there.
Please make sure to support The Half of It when it's out! It has a queer asian representation and it's written, directed and produced by a queer asian woman. As a queer asian woman myself, it's really great to see more representation in such a mainstream platform. 
The graffiti referred to the “Holohoax,” a reference Holocaust deniers use. But it’s hard to ignore the echo of Trump calling Coronavirus a hoax. Leaders must push back against anti-Asian & anti-Semitic attacks over Covid-19 & refute myths.  …
Did someone say PENTHOUSE LOT? #TripToEgypt Modpack is going to be even bigger than Asian Adventures! Can't wait to share more soon. 
all asian girls do is drink yakult and be pretty
Joel Kupperman, my father, passed away Tuesday night. He was a philosopher whose books included Six Myths About the Good Life and Learning from Asian Philosophy, and a popular teacher at University of CT for 50 years. 
a girl who is asian and lgbtq+ AND the main the character??! *prays that it gets release in UK and that she gets a happy ending* We desperately need more stories like these  …
Saving Face by @thatalicewu was so ahead of its time. Her new movie #TheHalfOfIt feels equally monumental & groundbreaking. So excited for what this means to so many young LGBTQ Asian people who never saw themselves on screen and behind the scenes. IN ALICE WU, I TRUST  …
NEW: In my latest article, I assess how racism & inequality have left minorities most at risk from Covid-19, after a recent study suggested Black, Asian & minority ethnic groups are more likely to face potentially   …
“Everyone always talks about Carrie Underwood, or they talk about Miranda Lambert. They should be talked about, because they’re great...But in the same breath, there are also Black women, Hispanic women, Native women, Asian women...who are out doing work that is just as good.”  …
Dubai Police has arrested an Asian man for impersonating a security officer and posting the video online . The man has been referred  authorities for further legal action. 
I’m sure Black, Asian, Mexican and Lightskin girls everywhere are sooooooo jealous bro  …
Another renowned Filipino doctor has succumbed to the #coronavirus disease #COVIDー19. Dr. Ephraim Neal C. Orteza, medical director and pediatrician of Ospital ng Paranaque, passed away at 11 p.m. on Wednesday, April 8, at the Asian hospital in Muntinlupa. TY and RIP Doc 
So I thought I'd share this poster I designed for the  ALA store celebrating Asian/American Heritage through the APALA. You can still order it here if you have the funds:  
Anyways, stand in solidarity with the Southeast Asian domestic workers constantly facing abuse in Taiwan. Most of their struggles are often ignored for “reasons”.  …
knowing y’all told on yourselves being racist toward asian people just for it to be the whites yet again  
Lana's annoying not because she's white, but because she waltzes in with no true claims to Korean or Asian heritage trying to take up spaces that weren't created for her, spaces where actual Asians and people of Asian descent struggle to be acknowledged.
I bet it’ll be less. This won’t even approach Asian or Hong Kong flu death levels (100-116k).  …
I am queer, I am Asian, and this is the very first time in my life that I saw myself fully represented on screen. I was in tears after watching the trailer. Thank you, @thatalicewu, I absolutely cannot wait for this to drop on Netflix   …
Standing Up To Stigma: #ATXCouncil approved a resolution condemning violence, hate speech, racism, and misinformation during the #COVID19 pandemic and expressing solidarity with Chinese and Asian Americans. View the draft resolution:  . 5/6
We are disturbed by the rise in violence and hate targeting Asian Americans, immigrants, and  during #COVID19. Officials at all levels MUST unequivocally condemn hate now and use their power to ensure survivors and their families have the support they 
so @nycwooa and his wife were supposed to have an appliance delivered by @homedepot today. the delivery guy refused  inside "because they're asian." he actually SAID this and then he drove away. now the  is shrugging it off.
a beautiful story about a lgbtq+ asian girl n the main point is not the romance but the love n friendship between her n the dude give it to me!!
the irony of Asian Americans being the target of coronavirus discrimination despite being the race least infected in NYC....
We're excited to see some of these funds going toward #invasivespecies issues, like ballast water treatment systems for #GreatLakes cargo vessels & Asian carp prevention & control! #GLRI #GreatLakes @CIGLR_UM @NOAA_GLERL @GLCommission @LampreyControl @miseagrant  …
Me, in March: You should stock up on seasonings and sauces, possibly from the Asian grocery store. This recipe:  …
It’s the way blinks can get away with tweeting stuff like this but if an army said this they’d be called xenophobic, misogynistic, and people will say they are gate keeping and don’t care abt Asian rep. 
In 1957 Asian flu killed 1 mil people, in 1968 HK flu killed 1-4 mil, swine flu 18000, bird flu 75000 these killed more then corona virus and yet they've never ever shut anything down. So what are the government not telling the public? Or am I the only one confused by this ?'
"You see, this cartoon is a product of the psychosexual crisis faced by educated 2nd-generation Asian-American women whose upbringing simultaneously inclines them towards both left-liberal politics AND towards men of a similar social background, who tend to be wealthy and white" 
In case of the half of it not being what everyone expected from it (let's wait for the movie) there's another show with a asian-latina wlw relationship that is worth watching and needs a second season. #thehalfofit 
It’s a blessing that asian got out a bad contract and capitalized that fast ! Top 10 on Apple wow that’s a blessing frfr Gucci fumbled his bag @AsianDaBrattt
@HomeDepot Help. We ordered from you an LG washer / dryer. When the @Forwardair delivery person arrived today, he said he was  into our home because we’re Asian. We called @Forwardair who said it’s in his discretion to say he’s  Racism is not ok.
My first post. The first Asian country legalize same sex marriage. #ThisAttackComeFromTaiwan 
Hey book look lovers (likers? Toleraters?). May is Asian Heritage month. It’s also my paper birthday month (so I kind of get in my feelings... ). Anyhow, whom do you wanna see? I’m making a list. #booklook
If you're a writer from South Asia or of S Asian origin and have a public platform of some significance, please keep in mind that a rising tide lifts all boats. Promote fellow writers when you can for the greater good. Even during these times. Especially during these times, even.
I was once sat in a roomful of older married Asian women (in their 50’s ish) and they were talking about how the young women of today are too sensitive. They then started sharing personal stories detailing domestic violence, awful in-laws and other marital issues that they had.  …
We’re so grateful to second-generation journalist Anh Do’s ( @newsterrier) for her spotlight on Asian American senior isolation and Orange County COVID-19 coverage for the @LATimes #AAJAKudos #ThankAJourno #PRESSential  …
“... #MapOfTheSoul7 now stands as the fourth-longest-charting Korean album in U.K. history. In front of it are only other #BTS albums, as the group is...the most popular name from the Asian country to make  impact in the U.K.”  … @BTS_twt
Yesterday's Guardian told you it's bad to fancy Rishi Sunak because he's a Tory. Today's Independent tells you it's bad to fancy him because he's Asian. The latest from the "You may think x is good but really it's bad because of y" school of journalism.  …
I can't get over the fact that 'The Half of It' is: 1. a film centering a queer asian character 2. written/directed by a queer asian woman ( @thatalicewu) 3. about queer *friendship* These stories shouldn't be rare, but they are. I literally can't wait for 
no NSC and failing afrikaans poetry but they got time  for asian people on the tl
We appreciate @WendyLuWrites recent capture of the experiences of Asian women in the time of coronavirus – as well as her advocacy for disability representation in the media and all her work @HuffPost. #AAJAKudos #ThankAJourno #PRESSential  …
Why there’s so much silence around being sexually assaulted in the  An ignored reality in  — the sexual abuse of children by religious teachers. The guilt, shame, and taboo make it impossible for victims to speak out.  …
South Asian rulers should remember that people got sick of regular TV addresses & fake claims of US President Lyndon B Johnson about the expected victory in Vietnam war. Daily caronavirus pressers of Indian and Pakistani ministers can cost them the next elections for same reason.
yeah but the non korean idols are asian, not white
I appreciate that Nature wants to reduce stigmas against Asian people, and I don't support calling it the Wuhan Virus. But pretending that the disease didn't start in China -- or pretending that the Party's early reaction didn't help spread it -- is deeply problematic.
[ARTICLE] @BTS_twt "MOTS: 7 now stands as the fourth-longest-charting Korean album in UK history. In front of it are only other BTS albums, as the group is far and away the most popular name from the Asian country to make  impact in the UK" 
Imran Khan wishing people for Shab-e-Barat a day after it got over is a legendary occurrence beaten only in South Asian history by Jinnah organising a state lunch for Mountbatten -- only to hurriedly cancel once he learnt Ramzan was on.
NEW: Maryland begins releasing data on coronavirus cases and deaths broken down by race. African American: 2,064 (55) Asian: 122 (6) White: 1,540 (39) Other: 449 (3) Data not available: 1,354 (21) 
joy made it on subtle asian traits and has almost 6k reactions 
Here's the breakdown of deaths/(pop %) across New York state, excluding New York City: Hispanic – 14% (11%) Black – 18% (9%) White – 62% (75%) Asian – 4% (4%) And here's the data from New York City: Hispanic – 34% (29%) Black – 28% (22%) White – 27% (32%) Asian – 7% (14%)
HOW does it not BOTHER SOME OF YOU that a FULLY WHITE WOMAN is trying to break into ASIAN INDUSTRIES, when in america some entertainment and  REFUSE TO SIGN ASIAN ARTISTS WHAT THE FUCK IS NOT CLICKING
i’m also asian but believe it or not, my parents never laid a finger on me. if her parents wanted to spank her then it’s okay but THIS (punching and kicking) is full on abuse. see a therapist, zulaikha  …
It's irresponsible to have discussions about a Universal Health Care plan or Economic Anxiety without binding them to the deeper issues that affect people who are Black, indiegenous, Latinx, Asian, Trans, gay, queer, women, elderly... but he did. That was his whole campaign.
GOOD FOR YOU, daughter! And all of you, black & white, Latinx & Asian, gay or straight, multilingual or English-only, tall or short, pretty or not-pretty, find out how you either register online or request your mail-in ballot.  …
Ever feel you just can’t win? Asian Americans wear masks, risk getting hurt/ blamed for #Covid19. Masked African Americans risk being mistaken as criminals. ⁦ @TracyJan⁩ on a new wrinkle on  …
Giant Asian hornets that can kill with one sting  for Britain Eww piss off back to Asia!  …
From December through March, as the coronavirus outbreak ravaged China, more than 3,200 flights left the Asian nation on direct routes to at least 20 cities across the U.S., according to an ABC News analysis of more than 20 million flight records. 
Love that we are moving in the predictable trajectory from making Asian ppl the face of disease carriers to Black ppl being the face of irresponsible neglect of social distancing.
To all our friends who generously helped us raise PHP14,325,500 at Art Rocks for testing kits, our kits have finally been delivered to SLMC 42, Makati Med 12, TMC 12, UST 4, Asian 4. 1 box = 96 kits. @giasison @JodiStaMaria @MrFrankBaraan @iamsuperbianca @cesdrilon 
You can be critical of Western stereotypes or Orientalism towards Asian people. That doesn’t mean going as far to be an apologist for a brutal despotic regime that has no concern for basic human rights. The Chinese Communist Party should be no friend of civilized countries.
ATTENTION On April 17th at 11 PM KST, we will celebrate Jessica Jung's birthday using the hashtag: #/HappyJessicaJungDay. Our queen deserves all of our love! Our goals are: #1 in Thailand (if possible in other Asian countries) and Top5 in world trends! 
Life as an Asian-American doctor fighting coronavirus: I'm "both celebrated and villainized" 
Because you know if they were Asian or black...
The Asian Business Community is set to go into a partial lockdown effective today at midnight. This is following the Coronavirus pandemic 
This is  in a lot of s.asian households and it needs to be spoken about. Stop telling your sisters/daughters to cover up in their own home and go seek professional help  …
The novel coronavirus pandemic has Americans across the country fearful for their personal health and well-being, but for Asian Americans, the virus has stirred up another threat: a wave of verbal and physical attacks. 
All those times you all used photos of Asian people and now you use a picture of a pathogen? LMAO. Whew. Also, DUH.  …
lets not forget choi siwon, asian mothers first impression to kpop boys  …
@marshmellomusic check @imrealasim .. He is model, actor and loves rapping. His two songs which recently came are blockbuster He is 24th sexiest asian man 2019 and a great gentleman to collab with 
someone: this asian male is attractive the independent: RACIST!  …
In this replies someone said “ put it in rice” I DIED that is one true asian  …
racism from the arab&  towards black people.  …
We still don't know for sure! Jury is still out on this issue! Let South Asian Sun burn our skins and lets see what happens to Mr. Corona!  …
A reboot of “Doogie Howser, M.D.” is in the works at Disney Plus. The new show will focus on a 16-year-old half-Asian, half-white woman who is a doctor in Hawaii. The working title “Doogie Kealoha, M.D"  
ASK India Select Portfolio: (Updated Till February) Bajaj Finserve Bajaj Finance United Spirits PI Industries Divis Labs Dabur Titan Asian Paints HUL Nestle Page Britannia Shree Cement Hdfc Life Insurance Disclaimer:No  Just Sharing For Information Purpose.
she`s tatar. tatars is asian people, they not white. and even if they were you still has no right to bully her, shut up
Asian parents : Parent A : My son just tested positive for covid19. He is now getting treatment in the hospital. Parent B : My daughter also got. She got latest one, covid20. Now she's using a ventilator. Parent B : My son uses 3 ventilators! Parent A : Local brand ah?
The funniest thing I seen in this lockdown is the video of the Asian dons in the park running away from feds coz they were playing cricket.
It's strange because he's the Tory Chancellor not because he's Asian ffs Everyone is ashamed they fancy the Tory Chancellor  …
Hi your design skill is so cool but actually Shin Ramyun is korean food, not japanese. Many animal crossing players in korea feel bad for your Shin Ramyun ‘Kimono’. I think it came from some misunderstandings about asian culture or history. Hope you think about this. Thank you.
I got a post nasal drip from my sinuses but I have to take Bao for a vacc in a bit, then drop her off at home so I can go out to buy her food. My biggest worry is coughing in public. Navigating while East Asian during this pandemic is hard. #IAmNotAVirus
still can't believe this prick called io shirai "asian becky lynch" 
Radio 1: “Wonderwall” by Oasis Radio 2: “Lean on Me” by Bill Withers 6 Music: “Heroes” by David Bowie 1Xtra: “Flowers” by Sweet Female Attitude Asian Network: “Boom Shack-A-Lack” by Apache Indian Dedicated to nurses across the country #UKSingalong
For the Asian CS Nerds, #GeographicallyChallenged Episode 1 with @piliCSGO and @OfficialBleh! Topics: - Has Asian CS regressed in 2020? - The impact of no Asian Minors/EPL on the region - What's happening in East Asia/ANZ/China/SEA/ME in detail YT:  
Has anyone faced some serious racism since the covid situation. I did recently which is weird because... I’m in a very progressive heavy asian area. If you Have I want to know. I want to talk about it and I want ppl to know about it. Geniusbrainpodcast@gmail.com
Sharing this from Son Ye Jin soompi forum... So as early as 2005 she was already called Hallyu Queen because of her mega-hit movies in Asian countries such as Japan... 
In this picture of 1982 Asian Games the first player is captain Bhaskar Ganguly.  …
exactly like if you're an asian born in america, that doesn't make you white, it just makes you asian american. lana may have been born in the asian part of russia but it doesn't make her asian.
She can go there and be on an asian show when she isn't even asian while some people still disregard south/south east asians as 'real' asians. I wonder if a dark skin south/southeast asian went on that show if they would get a free pass like her or they would get hate like feifei
white guys: stole rap culture black guys: pls do not copy our culture white: OK? SHUT? UP? asian girl, who looks like asian: sings other asians: oh she's cool white guys: SHE IS COLONIZER SHE IS WHITE COLONIZER
Doing this bitch • Lesbian 5’10 Asian Soft dom Cancer • Rt for mutual Like for possible dm 
This girl just wants to have fun! A baby Asian elephant slides down a slope at the Wild Elephant Valley in Xishuangbanna, SW China's Yunnan. 
when any asian boy wearing a black cap  to tadashi hamada 
Bad news for you if you think the discovery that coronavirus came to the US via Europe will have any effect on the violence and antagonism towards Asian folks here
having breakdowns in asian households is crying in the bathroom for 5 minutes and  out like nothing happened
Okay everyone keeps retweeting that horrific video of the acid attack on the Asian woman in Brooklyn onto my timeline. Take that RT energy and go tell yellow ribbons like Woppa that they actively helped cause—are still helping cause—this brutal violence against Asians.
asian babygirl check 
ABG (ASIAN Bad Girl) Make Up Look 
sometimes i forget most of the food world is still ignorant AF. this is just how asian people steam their fish.  …
my baking post got so much facebook clout on subtle asian cooking and i can’t even plug my instagram SO if anyone cares pls check @bakingandbookish 
I’m sure this won’t dissuade those determined to justify wave of anti-asian sentiments w the rationale that virus arrived in Europe VIA Asia but here’s to hoping that the vast majority of Americans are better than that  …
A 25-year-old nurse who works at the ICU of the Asian Hospital and Medical Center became one of the thousands of Filipinos who contracted COVID-19. 
Asian stocks gain on hopes the COVID-19 pandemic is nearing a peak and that governments would roll out more stimulus measures  by @stanleywhite1 @ChrisPrentice Follow our live blog for the latest updates on the coronavirus:  
Pakistan has boycotted a meeting of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) to discuss a collective response to Covid-19, because India was running the conference. Such mature, responsible, grown up leadership in difficult times. Well done, @ForeignOfficePk.
every time im the only south asian in a room my first and immediate thought is “statistically this is impossible. we are a fourth of this planet’s entire human population”
11. Ambedkar enacted and brought it for the benefit of workers. India was the first nation among East Asian countries to bring Insurance Act for the well-being of employees 12. Dearness Allowance (DA) & ‘Leave Benefit’ & ‘Revision of Scale of Pay’ were introduced by Dr. Ambedkar 
. @NYCMayor announced the release of preliminary data by race/ethnicity on #COVID19 deaths within NYC: Hispanic: 34% (29% of population) Black 28% (22% of population) White 27% (32% of population) Asian 7% (14% of population) Measures to address these disparities  
im pretty sure the  from her saying she can pass as asian because her eyes are small, and her lying about her race in general
A 39-year-old Asian woman sustained chemical burns on her face, neck, and back after a man was filmed attacking her with an unknown substance 
"You know how they shave a baby's hair? ... I didn't have hair as a baby. I was always bald." - Seulgi, 200210 Birthday IG Live * In many Asian countries, parents shave a baby's first head of hair in hopes it will grow back thicker, fuller, and healthier. 
All y’all “Latino” stats are fraudulent. Wtf “Luhteenos” even are you referring to? Bc disparities and differences in these dizque “stats” will be ALL OVER THE BOARD. What  the stats? Black Latinos? Indigenous Latinos? Mestizo? White? Asian? Which? Who? Answer.
An Asian reporter attended White House press conference this afternoon, President Trump asked him first”Where do  from?”He answered”Taiwan.” The fact is that his name is Zhang Jingyi from East Satellite TV of Shanghai. Do China and Chinese have to lie about everything? 
asian girl: nigga davinchi: 
2004 – Time magazine selected him as one of 20 “Asian Heroes” under the age of 40 and was featured on the magazine’s cover. 
Although many East Asian countries have been able to contain COVID-19, Western democracies seem to have been caught unprepared. @nicholasdwright considers how democracies should incorporate surveillance into their public health 
I literally hate you if you are an asian on tik tok and you make racist asian jokes for popularity like please tell me what’s wrong with you
Not to sound too much like a reply guy, but your posts have done a lot to help me see how much blatant anti-Asian racism there is in the mainstream press. Changed my perspective quite a bit.
I don't poet in black or white I don't do spoken in Asian or Indian and honestly I don't wanna poet I just need to scream until I can understand it just so happens I find myself on this stage in front of u all nobody asked me if I  with nudity 
I miss going to restaurants, like hole in the wall Asian places especially...might have to pay a friend to have their aunties record berating me for ordering too much just to feel alive
new to NSFW twitter 24 and pan nude for new subs! no minors >:( asian kitchen witch nurture, nourish, and torture  
Roughly half of the people who have tested positive for the coronavirus in California are black, Hispanic or Asian, according to data released Wednesday by state public health officials. Story by 
African Americans are dying disproportionately. Indigenous people too. Asian Americans are attacked. Recent immigrants, without the privilege of sheltering in place, are especially vulnerable. We'll never reckon with true impact of this virus until we account for our racism.
here's a great article that talks about not only keanu but asian representantion on cinema in general  …
plus, when we're part asian we kind of feel we don't belong much in anywhere since we're not white enough nor asian enough. so please, don't invalidate keanu's asian-hawaiian ancestry
my dad is asian, my mom is white and i'm asian. my asian ancestry's always remembered if not by my family, by everyone else around me and a lot of times it wasn't in a positive way. i bet keanu with his "unusual" name and heritage went through a similar thing growing up in canada 
I'm sure myself and other white folks of European descent will be harassed over this like Asian Americans, right? Surely, it was just about the virus and not white supremacist nonsense. 
So... We have 2 strains now huh? One Asian and one European( not black) Why we on the paper here in America and Bill Gates & French Dr's. Wanna test in Africans? Why not Europe & CHY- Na..... Asking for my Militant Black Homie 
Just gonna leave this right here. Everyone needs to do better, including media. Asian Americans continue to get harassed, attacked and assaulted over covid fears. 
Wow I’m so proud to be half Asian and half Filipino! 
WITH THAT SAID, China *as a nation* fucked over a lot of the global reaction; but any prejudice against *Asian people broadly* in the aftermath is clearly fucked
Every nation got a lesson what happens when are over dependent on a single country for all your production. Also a country like China which is unreliable. I wish to see investments in Taiwan,India,Vietnam and other South East Asian countries.
We knew it. It was here for weeks before the authorities knew it. And we caught it from EUROPE. Now leave Asian folks the fuck alone.  …
So I've only ever done Asian builds these past few months. Who else noticed? I might have to force myself to do something else next.. p.s. I've already started working on my next build. I'll post previews of that soon so stay tuned! 
"You're not Jim. Jim isn't Asian." "Hats off to you for not seeing race!" 
A 39-year-old Asian woman from New York City suffered severe burns across her body after someone sneaked up behind her and splashed her with acid. NY police have reported a rise in coronavirus-related hate crimes against Asian Americans since January 
You dumb fkn fools. If you racistly attack an asian, a magical ventilator will not fall from the sky and cure all throughout the land. You won’t suddenly be able to sneeze without covering your mouth without abandon. And you won’t hate yourself less for eating too much velveeta.
The Project predictably sings from the same hymn book as the ABC: "Racists! Racists everywhere, I tell you!" There are 3.5m people in Australia of Asian origin. I'd suggest a handful of boofheads targeting a handful of those 3.5m is hardly rampant racism. The Project = ABC-Lite  …
People that argue that Lana isn’t white cause she’s from the asian part of russia are the same yt people that say they’re Native American when u call them Caucasian
China borrows money from Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank To buy Medical Supplies, then threatens countries if they don’t use Huawei, China is not gonna sell they the supplies to save people who’ve been infected with China’s Coronavirus !  …
Another #RepresentACon panel is now available on our YouTube channel! @danielhkwan @bananachangames @pnoyXP and @cysdavis talked about how to best facilitate games with Asian themes. Moderator @DeeEmSteve asked some tough questions!  …
#COVID19 South Korea reports only 39 new cases today, lowest number in 7 weeks 16 of which are domestic, 23 from overseas arrivals. Very impressed how SK continue to keep #coronavirus under control while other Asian countries like Singapore getting hit hard by the second wave 
Why do we as  still have no issues with the number of games set in Asian cultures exclusively designed by white dudes who don't even hire cultural consultants?
KPoP Media: VIXX Concept Kings VIXX: Communal Deep Asian Squat 
2 clouded leopard cubs were born at Zoo Miami. The species is listed as vulnerable because of poaching and rapid deforestation in their native Southeast Asian forests. Trivia: Clouded leopards can't roar or purr. 
Tell me this, then, Mr. Tedros: During #SARS in 2003, when the @WHO was AGAIN failing to work with #Taiwan and the Taiwanese people were understandably upset, were they being "racist" towards your predecessor, Margaret Chan, because she is Asian? Give me a break.
I'm sorry that your favorite old white guy didn't win. The black guy didn't win. The Asian guy didn't win. The Latino guy didn't win. The young Gay guy didn't win. The four women didn't win. Lots of people are disappointed. Can we all just get behind the guy who did please.
"The virus he is working on to kill all Asian population in the event of war with China will eventually  unstable and kill indiscriminately." (Page 24) 
some 150 #Saudi royals are now sick with #coronavirus, but the worst affected are Asian and Arab foreign workers, and those in vast slums around Mecca and Medina, home to large numbers of ethnically African or Southeast Asians who have overstayed visas 
PokéFact: It’s likely that the water type Pokémon starters were inspired by ancient Asian weaponry. Eg. Feraligatr and Swampert are associated with the Tessen and Cha respectively. 
“Western observers still find it hard to accept that a small east Asian country could generate this amount of cultural influence without a five-year plan from the government.” But that is precisely what bts appear to have done. @BTS_twt #BTS  …
asian girls face so much abuse. sometimes we have to laugh it off or risk more abuse. in southeast asia, thousands of women get married to white foreigners and never contact their families again for unknown reasons. it’s so serious but no one’s listening 
Thank you!!The main spreaders were wealth travelers the main casualties are Black and Latinx folks. Asian people have the lowest mortality rate, suffered the most abuse. This virus discriminated a LOT  …
I should like her especially since she’s also a British- Asian woman in power. But I just really want to smack that smirk off.. #whereispritipatel
All the misinformation, stereotypes, and racism against Asian people is really starting to get on my nerves, so I've decided I will no longer just sit back and let it go unchecked. I stand with China. 
Have y'all seen the gay gay gay movie Saving Face? I loved it. It's about a mom and a daughter learning together that they're deserving of love and also it's gay and asian and the mom is soooo hot. 
Glenn they had to kill off the one asian character  …
It’s awesome to work for @salesforce who stands with our  around the . Let’s unify to support phenomenal Asians and stand against xenophobia/racism of any kind as we all stay safe & healthy. #PhenomenallyAsian #asiapacforce 
There's always one asian who do better than you  …
Contrary to popular belief, I really am an aging, Asian martial arts grandmaster who likes throwing people off cliffs IRL, so I am worthy of my muse.
supporting our local asian restaurants 
Here’s some excellent reporting on anti-Asian hate violence by @oxygen reporter @dgeigs (featuring @TheRNKyle & @yuhline). With COVID-19, there is so much pain & suffering as is. Violence is unnecessary. Bias is irresponsible & ignorant. #RacismIsAVirus  
I’ve seen many organizations make generous contributions  COVID-19. Today, L.A. County accepted thousands of masks and medical supplies collectively from the Chinese American Federation, @CCC_LA, Micro Ingredients, California Asian Art Auction Gallery, and 
Tedros spinning his nonsense again. Racism or discrimination by religion, etc are not issues in Taiwan, this is actually one of the most liberal countries, open to all religions, the 1st Asian nation to pass same sex marriage, our Digital Minister is a transgender woman. ....  …
NY Asian MTA worker punched in face while working at Queens subway station  
Thank you to the Southeast Asian Coalition who donated 80,000 masks through the Worcester Together working group. It's incredible to see  coming together & supporting one and other. 
 especially Asian  remain under attack, and an attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.  …
A 39-year-old Asian woman sustained chemical burns on her face, neck, and back after a man was filmed attacking her with an unknown substance 
The fact I'm Asian and I've trained myself to read english subtitles without pausing coz I love watching foreign films. And then there's real english speaking people who judge a film simply coz they hate reading english, their first language.
Do people assume that I'm white because I'm into alternative subcultures? I mean I'm biracial so yeah like.... half of me is my white mother. But my skin is very very clearly brown, I have more of my father's Asian features like bro.... you think I self-tan like this everyday?
Traditional Asian medicine considers bear bile to have medicinal properties. Today, around 20 000 bears live in horrible conditions to produce bile. As bear bile farming is well hidden from the rest of the world, education is key to ending it. Why do you think this still happens? 
If this were a french movie full of white people it would get praised as revolutionary and poetic. The hate seems to only be because it's an asian film. Of which there are many fantastic korean films and tv shows that could rival hollywood. People are missing out.
All the anti-Asian abuse lately is gross & for some of us it’s been a reboot of regular anti-refugee abuse from childhood up. But note lots of First Nations, Black & PoC are standing up & speaking up about it. Fellow Asian diasporas, let’s keep getting to be better allies back
With about 37% of California patients identified by race, here is a breakdown of infections statewide: - Latino 30% - Asian 14% - Black 6% Here is a breakdown of deaths on which the state had racial data: - Latino 29% - Asian 16% - Black 3%  …
Reminder: Coronavirus is not an excuse to be racist. Attacks on Asian Americans are happening RIGHT NOW. These hate crimes are expected to increase in frequency. Blame and fear are non-starters. Look out for each other. Lead with empathy. Wash your hands.  …
the difference between lana and fei fei is that fei fei is actually asian—chinese it’s rare for darkskinned asian especially blasians to  idols so ofc people are going to hype her up
Overview of #covid19 fatalities in New York State: (official data screenshot) -In NYC, Hispanic has the highest fatality rate of 34% while Asian has the lowest fatality rate of 7% -Men has a much higher fatality of 60.8% than women -Age of 70-89 take over 51.9% of the fatalities 
how can you be asian and not like asian music?
As a key battleground state, Nevada will be a must-win state in November. We’re majority-minority with a nearly 1/3 Latinx population, a vibrant African  and home to one of the fastest-growing Asian American Pacific Islander populations in the country.
i posted my tik tok on the SWCA fb group and now this guy is acting like people enjoying it even though i’m asian proves star wars fans aren’t racist i’m wtf?????? 
The Mayor’s Commission on Asian American Affairs urges all Philadelphians to act  during this time, put aside fears, and acknowledge our shared humanity. Read more on how to take a stand against hate and bias.  …
marrying an asian girl
Latin@s lead in death rates in NYC from the virus as per @BilldeBlasio Preliminary data: 34 percent Latino , 28 percent Black, 27 percent White, 7 percent Asian. OPEN YOUR EYES.
PSA for those blatantly racist towards my fellow asian brothers & sisters due to the coronavirus. There’s a new virus going around called THESE HANDS and you can catch them anytime b/c unlike you, they don’t discriminate
For example, Black & Asian people are twice as likely to be in poverty. For a number of reasons, this increases their risk (eg higher use of public transport). This should spur us on in demanding a society liberated from these inequalities. Hope that clears it up! 3/3
The evidence suggests Covid-19 is disproportionately impacting Black & Asian people. This will in part be because Black & Asian people are more exposed to it due to higher rates of precarious work, low  overcrowded homes & underlying health conditions. 2/3
I am Chinese American. I haven't experienced any "racism" due to Wuhan coronavirus anywhere: banks, stores, dentists, and post offices. People have been wonderful. What Asian people need to watch out for is the attacks on Asians orchestrated by the CCP for propaganda purposes.  …
this white male kpop stans thing is rlly nagging me....r we rlly letting white men call asian women bitches and tell armys who are majority poc, how to act and how to behave?? is that's what's happening. we need to ann1hilate that demographic immediately.
Apparently, she's mixed. She must be pissed AF that she's so black passing. You couldn't even tell she was part Asian
here y’all go w that racist shit like the reason why no one supports lana is bc she clearly goes to diff. asian countries & attempts to assimilate herself into the culture & music industry bc she’s white & pale. but y’all trying to say feifei isn’t asian? WHEN SHE’S HALF CHINESE?
oh why why I stopped my asian dramas to enjoy this even paid for @PBS for the first time in my tvland life and they would let me hanging like this......they should  to finish what they start regardless of the ratings 
not to get personal but as someone whos also biracial with black and asian, i will accept nothing but seeing my queen thrive, anyone who gets in the way of that will be dealt with accordingly. support zhong feifei, support representation for blasian ppl and black ppl in china xx 
miss zhong is a whole educated funny and talented blasian queen meanwhile lana over their is still raising funds so she can her get eyes done again to look more ‘asian’
Here's the media story on this acid attack on an Asian woman in Brooklyn. Again, if you have info on this attack please contact the authorities:  …
Your ignorant ass ignoring the fact that the Black girl is also Chinese while the White girl not Asian at all but tries to look like she is (hence y she's a Koreaboo)  …
Horrifying. This Monday, a yet unidentified  an Acid Attack on an Asian woman in Brooklyn—on her own porch. She has suffered severe second degree burns across her face, hands, & body. If you have info, please contact the NYPD. Anti-Asian attacks have spiked. 
Set in Hawaii, 'Doogie Kealoha, M.D.' centers on a 16-year-old half Asian, half white girl who works as a doctor  …
It is important we continue to uplift our  during #COVID19. Tomorrow, our department will be hosting a virtual discussion on confronting xenophobia and supporting our  Please join us. #RADDiversity  …
The most ambitious chronicle of the Asian American story  to public media. Renee Tajima-Peña's ASIAN AMERICANS was supported through our Series and Special Projects initiative. [➠ @CAAM ]
Let’s remember our Asian Cup Winners Cup 1996 title, when #AlHilal won over “Nagoya” team of Japan in the final with three goals.. A brilliant night and fantastic appearance by our stars HIGHLIGHTS  #StayingHome #AlHilal_Video
she has a disease where she needs to invades asian spaces and profit off their cultures  …
this only confirms that Edward Yang is the forefather of Asian hypebeasts  …
I think a lot of folks missed the point of @AndrewYang's racism op-ed -- he's basically telling Asian Americans "get involved with the political process or get fucked", in the nicest way possible.
why are people supporting lana when we have winnie zhong or liu meng???? people are giving a white girl clout over actual asian people in the asian music industry i.. no words 
the ones who date white , latina and asian all different. i would explain but i cant without deeply disrespecting multiple ppl (& the dead.) and possibly getting my account taken
thick asian girls might be the most powerful creatures on the planet
#Pakistan's #coronavirus growth rate is slowing. #COVID19 curve is starting to flatten relative to its #Asian peers.  
reasons why Batman should've been an Asian guy: tech genius always trying to make parents proud martial arts master never said "I love you" to Dick Grayson just change his name to Bruce Wang or something who cares
I see #BernieBros is trending. Let me tell you something about us: We are women and men and non-binary, Black, white, Hispanic, asian. We are the most diverse group of supporters of ANY candidate. We are not a monolith you can describe with an insulting, alliterative nickname.
Reminder: TOMORROW April 9 @12 PM EST Confront Xenophobia and Support Our Asian Community During #COVID19 Virtual Panel and Discussion All Are   #coronavirus @BWHRadEdu @MRSRFS @MassMedical @nkagetsu @MGHRadDiversity @KulkarniManju @JimBrinkMD  
@Keir_Starmer @metpoliceuk @DominicRaab . Zarah you do spout bollocks, I'm half Asian, 100% British, this #COVID19 doesn't discriminate on what we are, stay in , shut up , help the NHS, save lives, not cause division.
Cute nicknames for your Asian girlfriend (San Jose Edition) 
the amount of discourse on zhong feifei and lana rn one is actually asian, the other likes to think she can dna bend to be the same
anyway... feifei is congolese/chinese aka a mixed asian while lana is FULLY white. feifei is already getting r*cist shit thrown at her while the worst insult lana gets is "koreaboo". their situations are NOT the same, especially because lana has a thing called white privilege.
"A lot of Asian kids in this country ... literally woke up one morning and suddenly there’s a new thing that they’re being teased about."  …
Geopolitical Lesson #1: Asian Communists, Islamic Terrorists, African Dictatorships, Latin Cartels, and American Leftists DO NOT value human life if it in any way causes them personal inconvenience. Thus their current behavior during an international crisis should't surprise us.
‘Tigertail’s Tzi Ma Transcends Role As Hollywood’s Go-To Asian Father To  Trailblazing Icon  
Asian people have the lowest rates of Corona in NYC of any group. If I see one more smug, dishonest take about how NYC officials promoting the Chinese New Year parade in early February or eating in Chinatown restaurants, I will scream  …
three things going on here 1. There are huge asthma rates in poor Black/ Latino neighborhoods  have been allowed to pollute 2. Black and Latino workers do so many dangerous frontline jobs 3. The idea that Asian hoods were hotbed of Corona is lunatic bullshit  …
Non-ARMY friend: so weren’t your little Asian boys tour suppose to start this week?? Me: @BTS_twt 
Given that a bunch of Asian countries are seeing second waves of coronavirus cases as they pull back on social distancing, where is the evidence that we'll actually be able to really reopen the economy *before* we get a vaccine?  …
This  because one is actually asian. Stop bringing her up 
Sexy Asian Twink Gets Fucked By Government's Barefaced Lies.
Imam Mahdi isn't an Arab, Asian or Islamic saviour; his blessful hands are universal; his healing covers whole the world. #اجتماع_القلوب #ThePromisedSaviour
Name: 仲菲菲 Winnie Zhong aka Zhong Fei Fei Ethnicity: Chinese and Congolese Race: Asian and Black D.O.B: May 12th 1996 ★Uni student ~ trainee on 创造营2020 
all these asian girls doing the mugshot challenge no wonder other POC see us on the same level as the whiteys
finally angry asian guy discover the real rhythm game. 
Of 2.2m domestic workers (house cleaners, child care workers, home care aides) in the United States: 92% are women 58% are Black, Latina, or Asian 35% are immigrants via @JuliaWolfe94 @economicpolicy  
DK, Joshua, Mingyu and Jun were placed 27, 26, 17 and 13 in the top 30 ultimate asian heartthrob ranking! Are we proud or are we freaking proud! 
Asian agent tagged Ariana Grande, her manager Scooter, The Weekend and his manager Sal on @G_I_DLE‘ s Republic records post. 
The Dubai Police has arrested an Asian man after posting a video of a governmental institute edited with wolves howling sound effect for mockery reasons. The man has been referred  authorities for further legal action against him. 
A female-led ‘DOOGIE HOWSER’ remake is in development at Disney+. The series will focus on a 16-year-old half-Asian, half-white female lead who works as a doctor in Hawaii. Kourtney Kang will serve as showrunner. (Source:  
The novel coronavirus pandemic has Americans across the country fearful for their personal health and well-being, but for Asian Americans, the virus has stirred up another threat: a wave of verbal and physical attacks. 
I want to thank @BernieSanders for trusting a brown, South Asian activist to lead his campaign. It meant a great deal to me to see @fshakir at the helm. I can't even imagine how hard today must be for him.
MPs barking on about the virus killing BAME and Asian people, stay silent about Asian people abusing and raping white working class girls . Why is one important and one not? Anyone?
COVID-19 disproportionately kills black & brown people (and probably poor people), while its social fallout increases anti-Asian feeling. Since racists can't tell the difference between Asians & Asian Americans, this means more anti-Asian American racism.  …
It is going to be very interesting to see the number of feminist women including Black, Brown, Latina and Asian that will support, stand next to and ask people to vote for a sexual assaulter. I guess that believe women mantra or Time being Up (Tara Reade) won't count when it
connecting dots with what asian agent said, what jeff said and what this girl said, we getting official reports tonight about idle teamed up with republic records!
For the record, that "Bernie Bro" caricature was made up to create the illusion that his was an entirely white & male campaign. Which was furthest from the truth. Black and Brown people, immigrants, Asian Americans, and more, were central to his movement. Can't erase that.
I think you didn't understand the concept that kpop is a "safe" space for the  Lana is fully white. She could have had a career out of kpop.
"Sober" had a massive success in Asia thanks to Taehyung (BTS member) that  the song in their Twitter, "Sober" then smashed in South Korea, China, Japan and other Asian Countries. 
Hey, @WajahatAli.... I made some butter chicken and aloo matar last night and they were very tasty now I want to make more South Asian dishes. Got a good cookbook?
Anthony Fauci is calling on Asian countries to shut down #WetMarkets due to the "diseases that emanate out of that unusual human/animal interface." Will he join @PCRM in calling on @Surgeon_General to close live animal markets in the U.S. too?  #COVID19
In his WaPo op-ed, Andrew Yang egregiously misused Asian Am history for the sake of model minority patriotism. Here's my take on turning it into an Asian American Studies teachable moment. More in my essay at  …
Learn how Anna May Wong paved the way for Asian-American actors working in Hollywood:  …. #AmericanMastersPBS #Unladylike2020 
Asian Zing. No doubt.
lana is russian and a whole kboo. let me break it down–if you’re not asian and trying to inject yourself into the asian music industry cause is”cool” or something well somethings wrong with you!! zhong feifei is also half asian
NEW w/ @janawinter: Internal DHS/DOJ doc we obtained shows worries that "conspiratorial narratives assigning blame for the pandemic to a Jewish conspiracy or China heightens the risk of retaliatory violence against Jewish Americans and Asian Americans."  …
#Coronavirus is showing us that racial inequality is a matter of life and death. With the disease disproportionately affecting Black and  it’s more important than ever to talk about the intersection of race and economic inequality.  …
In our latest #IFCinsights Newsletter - #COVID19 Special Edition, read the inspiring stories of two South Asian  that are stepping up to deliver essential services despite the challenges. Click below to read
Unlike a war, fighting a virus makes it difficult to find an “enemy”. So people pop off on whatever expert is speaking. But I think it’s also important to name the blunt truth that Dr Tam is an Asian woman & that absolutely plays a part in people’s response to her expertise.  …
because Lana isn’t one bit asian
All the viral media you have seen saying Chinese people eat bats, Chinese culture is barbaric, Chinese people are savage, has portrayed Chinese people as a backward pest that must be expelled from the West. Combine these two forms of racist media and we get anti-Asian violence.
People’s perspectives are informed by what they hear and see around them. Widespread, ingrained anti-Asian hatred in the West is informed by the red scare, racist media that constantly surrounds all of us. Yellow peril media has existed since the 19th century, red scare the 20th.
Even before COVID-19 became widespread in the US and other Western countries, there was already rising anti-Asian violence. There was the man in Sydney who was left to die because no one would give him CPR. Another person was attacked in NYC’s Chinatown for wearing a mask.
The East-West divide on coronavirus is stark:  . Both regions test similar proportions of population, and East Asian lockdowns are looser, not firmer. My analysis? The West still looked to the U.S., while the East, accustomed to dictators, recognized DJT.
Puzzling that the 1957-58 Asian Flu pandemic killed 1.2 lac people in US but one  across much discussion in US mainstream media on how the administration handled things then. What were the health implications or how was economy impacted? No one seems to remember 1957!
An Asian Woman Suffered Burns On Her Face And Body After A Man Attacked Her With An Acid-Like Substance  …
In the US, Asian Americans are the scapegoat for #COVIDー19, while in India, Muslims are being blamed. We need to stop #coronavirusracism everywhere. Racism is the virus. #StopCOVIDIslamophobia
COVID deaths per 100,000 in NYC, by race (data as of April 6): Hispanic: 21.3 Black: 23.1 White: 15.7 Asian: 9.1 And after you adjust for age: Hispanic: 22.8 Black: 19.8 White: 10.2 Asian: 8.4 
Racist dipshit in my neighborhood, whic is easily 40% Asian-American, gets told. 
Why it is important for every African to help make their country great instead of forever migrating to be a burden on other nations. How even people take pride in having flags of Western/Asian nations on their bios is bizarre, let's deal with our political and societal leaders
Asian American businesses saw drops in customers as high as 80% long before U.S. isolation rules, as stigma kept customers out of local Chinatowns. Here's how to help  …
A 39-year-old Asian woman from New York City suffered severe burns across her body after someone sneaked up behind her and splashed her with acid. NY police have reported a rise in coronavirus-related hate crimes against Asian Americans since January 
NEW YORK CITY MAYOR DE BLASIO SAYS 34% OF COVID-19 FATALITIES HISPANIC, 28% BLACK, 27% WHITE AND 7% ASIAN
We are getting preliminary racial data on Covid-19 deaths in NYC. Latinos account for the largest percentage of deaths, but black people are dying at a slightly higher rate. White and Asian Americans are dying at a lower rate. 
In If I ruled the world namjoon changed the lyrics from 'European Asian Caucasian girls' to ‘European Asian Manila girls’ the way PH army won that night 
. @NYCMayor puts out prelim COVID-19 fatality data by race. It shows disparity among black, Latino New Yorkers, though not as stark as other cities: Latino: 34% (29% of population) Black: 28% (22% of population) White: 27% (32% of population) Asian: 7% (14% of population)
Asian Americans Report More Than 1000 Racist Attacks Since Pandemic, Data Finds. In one case, a man yelled, [expletive] Chinese disease and spat on a victim. Someone reported a man threw a drink at the victim's face and shouted, "They should be banned."  …
The #of Asian Hate Crimes in the USA has surpassed the #deaths by COVID19 in the USA. Erasure & silence has been used as a tool to oppress Asians throughout time. Are you participating by being silent?
tell me im not the only one who think its weird that people automatically assume someone is an idol if they are asian,,,  …
We all depend on front-line workers to keep us healthy and safe - including Asian American doctors, nurses, police officers, truck drivers and grocery store workers. I won’t stand for any hate and harassment against Asian Americans. That’s not who we are as Pennsylvanians.
I never pivoted to using term "people of color" or "communities of color" because the experience of blacks in US is very very different than Mexican-americans, Latinos, Asian-americans, or whatever groups are lumped in with that term We are seeing that now with Covid19
1-American Companies R Leaving #China—“As Kenneth Rapoza writes in Forbes,the Kearnsey report revealed a”dramatic reversal”because domestic US Mfg in 2019 outdid 14 Asian exporters in the study.He notes succinctly,“Mfg imports from China were hardest hit.”  …
Need more blasian artists in the asian entertainment industry! Let’s go 
Rose Twitter taught me that the best time to straw man and attack Asians on Twitter is right after an acid attack against an Asian in real life. We need to take anti-racist action such as constantly praising FDR as if the concentration camps never happened.  …
Have you seen these pictures of newly hatched Asian houbara bustards? The eggs were laid by houbaras bred in captivity in Abu Dhabi. The birds were released by Houbara Foundation International Pakistan in the Cholistan Desert to augment the wild population of houbara. 1/2 
"which I guess people find offensive here" EXCUSE ME "he's half Asian" what in the hell, woman?!
Asian American businesses saw drops in customers as high as 80% long before U.S. isolation rules, as stigma surrounding the virus kept customers out of local Chinatowns. 
Calm down. Imagine yourself at an after party in a brooklyn 10 years ago. It's 6am and all my friends by lcd soundsystem has been plying for 45 minutes. A beautiful asian dominatrix shovels cocaine up your nose.
“my list was normal” “his list was Asian!!!” Hmm, I wonder what OP means by “normal”
This is the greatest example of burying the lede. Him being Asian is crucial to the story. She violated in so many different ways.  the infinity gauntlet of racism with 
also, avoiding casually racist stuff from people who think that they're totally not racist would be a great motivator for an asian man to not date a white woman until now
I like gf deciding bf is much more white than Asian. The ignorance & privilege is strong in this one.
This person is TA by FAR. I REALLY thought they wouldn't be by title alone, but calling a half-asian person someone with a "fetish" for dating Asian ppl is bizarre. Claiming they're white bc they grew up in a homogeneous neighborhood is BIZARRE.
“I made jokes about my bf’s preference for Asian women on a cheat list and used a derogatory term, but AITA?” It is TOO EARLY for this, but YIIIIIIKES. And yes, YTA. Ooof he needs a new gf.
Stan kings! Stan AFAB artists and black artists and Asian artists and Latinx artists too! Stan trans kings and queens and drag things and in betweens! If you are a drag stan and your roster of faves is different shades of cis dude mayo, you need to have a chat with yourself
Reading "The Asian financial crisis: Causes, dynamics, prospects" by @WaldenBello. Western Banks make irresponsible lending decisions. In case of crisis, IMF pays their money back by lending new loans to the borrower. The people of the indebted country pay the price of austerity.
would yall revoke my asian card if i said i have a crush on him 
VIDEO: Myanmar's military has joined coronavirus relief efforts by disinfecting streets in Yangon. The southeast Asian country has reported just a handful of cases of COVID-19, but experts say the real figure may be many times higher 
Can non-asian writers PLEASE do some research before writing fic in an Asian setting? No one calls their elder siblings by their names here its blasphemy.
14% of those with the most serious cases were South Asian & the same proportion were black. The median age of those in a critical condition was 61 and of those almost 3/4 were men.
Are they taking this seriously? Not far from where I live in Glasgow, crowds of men who are Black/Asian hanging around street corners, reported in local press. Didn't an Asian councillor attend a couple of big funerals lately? Coronavirus doesn't spread itself, people do.
There are people in this hellhole of a website who still fully believes I'm a facist transphobic natzee for not being left enough and for following certain people, despite being a brown asian transwoman. 
she's asian. not all people in kpop is korean, but asian.
This Asian x King Von is flamesssssss
anyway support actual asian talent 
The greatest camel sculpture EVER! Tang Dynasty, China, c. 800 CE. Look at the detail! And there is so much character in that animal’s face. You can find him @MuseeGuimet - which has one of the best Asian art collections in Europe. 
support ms. zhong feifei!!! CHINESE (emphasize on chinese aka asian aka not a colonizer robbing actual asians of opportunities)/congolese intellectual queen who studied at boston university AND johns hopkins!!!  
White working class were disproportionately abused and raped by Asian people. Where is your outrage? No thought not. Just more virtual signalling without addressing the real problem. As an MP you represent everyone but apparently not. Shameful.  …
Alden Richards makes Top 10 of "Ultimate Asian Heartthrob of 2020" list | Showbiz News | GMA Entertainment - Online Home of Kapuso Shows and Stars - Story  …
TV: Mum worrying about her son (who is living in Australia). She sent him some masks. Asks him if there is anything else troubling him atm? Only that when he went to a cafe (pre iso) someone called him an Asian and changed seats to be far away from him. Awful. #coronavirus 
16 Australians of Chinese heritage, including prominent public figures  together in a joint letter calling out rising anti-Chinese sentiment and escalation in racial abuse towards Asian Australians. This should serve, finally, as a wake up call for Australian society.  …
Hep! Hep! Justin gets the 24th spot on Starmometer's 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 :) -- Screenshot from Koreaboo @SB19Official #SB19 
The novel coronavirus pandemic has Americans across the country fearful for their personal health and well-being, but for Asian Americans, the virus has stirred up another threat: a wave of verbal and physical attacks. 
maybe i'll love her when she gets some talent and stops pretending she's asian 
Yes ! The Coronavirus must be arrested for targeting black, 'asian' and minority ethnic persons.
nctzens and other kpop stans inserting themselves in our business, sht that has nothing to do with them or their faves, acting like they're smart for siding with R*CIST radio djs Your faves are Asian just like BT5, you clowns, so see how good that racism is gonna treat them smh
not you calling a chinese/congolese girl a koreaboo when 1) the show is in china 2) shes chinese and 3) your queen is white trying to pass as asian with her 1% so she’s the real koreaboo
I am surprised with the Asian people. I have read a number of tweets from Muslims who have just attended the Mosque and said Allah will be protecting them.
We all know South Korea got ahead and quite some time ago. Why did you not learn from South Korea and other Asian countries? We did not need to wait for lessons from Italy and Germany? Why?  …
I can’t imagine raising our child in the US, where anti-Asian hate crimes are soaring. Trump’s reckless and unabashed racism inspired violence against Asians & Asian Americans. I’m still shocked to feel this way because for so long I’ve dreamt of going home. #AsianTwitter
no, she shouldnt be a kpop idol because shes white. this is where asian people can have proper representation— why do you think its fair for someone who isnt asian to take opportunities away from actual asian people? sounds pretty wack to me.
[HQ] [191012] Asian Festival #YUNA #ITZY 
Coronavirus does not select people based on ethnicity or social status. Those that fail to follow social distancing are more likely to contract the virus and spread it in  Maybe you should be encouraging "Black and Asian people" to follow the guidelines.
Truth: Systemic Racism & Structural Inequality place Black, Asian & Ethnic Minorities at higher risk of #COVID19 Key to UK BAME disproportionately hit by #coronavirus Govt must be transparent about how it'll address it. Same as US with African 
Whilst we continue to wish the PM well the biggest story now must be that our Black &  are most likely to die of #covid19 Communities & sub groups don’t resonate with one size fits all mainstream messages. We must do more. Care homes too.  …
On Apr. 7, Sinopec refueled the first ship with 25,000 tons low-sulfur fuel oil at #Hambantota Port, #SriLanka. It marks the official operation of its Sri Lanka subsidiary, which will supply oil for countries along the Belt & Road @BRI_SL and European-Asian sea routes. 
We're so proud that @BTS_twt despite not having a western label have been able to get where they are now and be the biggest group in the world, no full english album, no payola, no bundles, no ads, no American label and yet the most relevant asian act of all time 
Congrats again @jah447798 for ranking 24th on 100 Asian Heartthrobs of Starmometer and for being featured in Koreaboo. We are proud of you! JAH ARTppreciationDay #SB19is8inBBS50 
this bitch is trynna colonize every asian country like the british empire did BYEEEEEE  …
Expats in Hong Kong are buying up masks to send to family and friends back home as supplies return to shops in the Asian financial hub and the coronavirus spreads around the world  
Black and Asian people are being disproportionately hit by Coronavirus, reflecting wider economic and social inequalities. The fight against racial injustice must be at the heart of our response to this virus  …
From Laos, Indonesia, Cambodia, to Thailand most Asian countries celebrate their association with Lord Hanuman. Saruta Biko, Anjaneyar, Anjaneyudu, Hanomaːn, Houliman. from Mangolia, Japan, South Korea, ASEAN to India, we all love him as our saviour god. 
I'm your new obsession and I want you to show me your worth with your . Now cum and serve your Asian Goddess. { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme } 
Asian American businesses saw drops in customers as high as 80% long before U.S. isolation rules, as stigma surrounding the virus kept customers out of local Chinatowns. 
Hi, #FilipinxTwitter ! Looking to read more Filipinx Studies or Philippine history texts? Here are some old but great texts that changed my life when I came across them during my Asian American Studies education at UCLA. THREAD (1/18):
New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern used her press briefing to reassure children about the possibility of the Easter bunny not showing up this year. Donald Trump used his press briefing to accuse an Asian-looking reporter of being a Chinese government spy.
Someone tell this exo stan that @RadioShorty is scared of playing exo's songs bc they might infect him with coronavirus, it's not just bt*, it's racism and xenophobia against every asian dvmb**** 
When you consider the scale of our population to the population of  1 native death is the equivalent to roughly 1077 deaths in the  143 deaths in the  61 deaths in the  192 deaths in the 
Horrifying. I don't know if this was a racially motivated attack, but Asian Americans are experiencing a spike in racism (myself included) due to coronavirus & many are afraid. Video: Asian woman in Brooklyn was victim of an acid attack on Monday by a man waiting on her porch. 
imagine how ur asian faves will feel seeing u laugh at asian artists being mistreated by a bunch of white men..... y'all r some losers
I just initiated a petition to add Asian American history in textbooks. Having AsAm history in textbooks will go a long way towards accepting AsAms as Americans and reduce prejudice and racism. Please sign, RT and ask your friends to sign. Thank you! 
I roll out my trash cans every week to the curb. I would never imagine getting attacked while doing this simple chore. I ache and fear with this Asian sister.  …
If the US wasn't so fixated on being xenophobic towards Asian people, we would've given BoA a chance in 2009. 
COVID-19 has been used to justify xenophobia and anti-Asian racism, but a white South African woman’s hoarding behavior illustrates the global anti-black and anti-poor response to crises.  …
asian women ELITE
This will put a smile on your face ⁣ ⁣ Watch Asian Elephant calf Jai Dee have a blast playing and then cooling off with a dip in the pool. Thank you, Keeper Tim, for capturing the magic!⁣ ⁣ #tarongatv #animalantics 
Indonesia sold $4.3 bln worth of bonds, including a record 50-year tranche, the longest tenor U.S. dollar bond issue by an Asian nation. The proceeds are cleverly earmarked to “partially” fund the government’s Covid-19 relief effort, writes @ugalani:  
During a time of increasing hate crimes and attacks against Asians and Asian-Americans, it's reasonable to assume her race was a possible factor in the attack.
Nikkei Asian Review: India lifts export ban of potential coronavirus drug after Trump threat  
On Monday, an Asian woman was attacked by a man on her porch in Brooklyn. HE THREW ACID ON HER. She suffered severe second degree burns across her face and body. 
Ooo.. There will be another time their faves will get the mistreatment and I am gonna laugh out loud cos they forgot that their faves are asian and not on BTS level.  …
Receipt #102829272 of kpop stans finding xenophobia against BTS funny. Crazy how they stan asian artist but will laugh at the racism they face
Finding the asian in a movie. 
Yknow what's telling? ARMYs have been arguing with radio hosts for ages. How many of DJs have we interacted with positive OR negative are Asian? The xenophobic block out of Asians is WAY more engrained in the Western music industry than most think.
The media already labels the fans as obsessive and rabid. The think  from white journalists about an Asian group speaking out against discrimination from the music industry would be disgusting.
BTS V Ranks No. 1 Among 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020  
"her skintone matches  a white person who already has a tan skintone to a lightskin person mixed with asian/black/hispanic who also has days of looking super light/tan makes ZERO sense. nicki looks  to other white people so why only blame ariana 
Ironically, instead of acquitting Muslims, their stunt has only accentuated their role in the spread of the coronavirus, not just in India but in Gulf cities and South Asian countries 
This crap article cites 1 Chinese student who assumed 2 ladies at WalMart were whispering about her, 1 Vietnamese prof who admits she wasn’t victimized but feels paranoid & 1 Asian store owner who wants to recall a local councilman for stating the obvious about WuFlu’s origins.  …
asian ppl rlly snapped with condiments like soy sauce?? hoisin sauce?? siracha sauce? fish sauce?? are u out of ur fucking mind
oh yeah btw guys!!!! in some countries (including here in korea) summer starts at the beginning of may according to the east asian lunisolar calendar so... maybe  back next month....? 
Asian girls love showin a nigga how flexible they are! #lewdrp 
congrats bunso @jah447798 for being #24 on Ultimate Asian Hearthrob TOP30 @SB19Official #SB19 #SB19is8inBBS50 
China has been the ground zero of numerous epidemics over the years, epidemics that have inflicted great damage in terms of life and economy. From SARS to SARS-CoV-2 and the Asian Flu before that, China is a hotspot for the rise of severe epidemics 
Nationality: where you were born Ethnicity a group of people you share a broad culture with (ex: I’m south asian as my ethnicity) Race: a SPECIFIC group of people/ancestors in which y’all share a specific culture in if that makes sense (ex: my race is indian) it has nothing+
When I had pneumonia I dealt with a white nurse who immediately told me lose weight and a male South Asian doctor who refused to speak to me. He would only talk to my ex. A brown nurse held my hand and talked me through everything. This was with insurance.  …
idk why people are goin after what asian people eat when Asians have the longest life expectancy
so the Asian Sheepshead Wrasse huh 
watching an american show where the asian dad is not played by Tzi Ma. i’m confused
A lot of the folk breathlessly bringing us this COVID disparity data have never stepped foot into a public/county hospital/clinic in a predominately White/Native/Latino/Asian or  in America. They don’t know what living on SS/Medicaid/Medicare/county rolls is like.
WE HAVE PUPS! Mum Paddy has delivered six new rare Asian Small-clawed Otters and we couldn’t be more proud of her and Dad Cerdic! 
It’s fine; it’s an Asian report, the West will file it as hearsay and then two months later.. ‘Cats can  infected with Coronavirus -Shock finding!’, ‘SARS2 is aerosol!’ or ‘Asymptomatic spread possible!’. I understand peer review is needed but can we at least consider this?
yup superior yup again we have to stan asian men 
Asian shares step back, oil rebounds in volatile trade  
Maybe @GavinNewsom should change his name to Gov Awesome. 41 million masks have been distributed in California. Now he says he has built a consortia of non-profits plus an Asian manufacturer to source 150+ million N95 masks within 2 weeks. He told this to @maddow - extraordinary
My cousin called me Asian Britney Spears and I’m in to it but like pls don’t hit me baby not even once. 
Retweeted so you don’t need to open it steak Asian (staycation). 
DINNERTIME Basmati w/Bonito Flakes, Crispy Chili Eggplant, Asian Kale Slaw, Malak Eggs. Clearly we took a lil Asian continent trip 
Boom #steakasian (staycation) steak Asian 
Covid is MUCH worse than Asian flu, which some older people have used as an example of why we're overreacting. That said, the current extreme measures have (so far) kept this from getting near the Spanish flu. NYS is still outpacing the 1918 disaster but the curve is bending 
Medically speaking, who has historically (in this country been most susceptible to heart disease)? According to CDC Non-Hispanic black persons were MORE THAN TWICE as likely as non-Hispanic Asian or Pacific Islander persons to die of heart disease in 1999 and 2017.
Agreed so why make an opportunity to inform the public about anti-Asian racist attacks into a hit tweet on Andrew Yang? AAPI civil rights group is tracking hate crimes. FILE REPORTS HERE: 
Latest Fox Sports Football Podcast with ex-Socceroo & former Asian Player of the Year, Sasa Ognenovski. Safe to say he earned his success...  …
if 2020 was an asian boy it would definitely be a hamza
asian moas arriving to the tl just like a mf red carpet byekksks 
Exactly 65 years ago in Rangoon, when Burma was helping lead the newly decolonised world: Pham Van Dong, Sardar Muhammad Naim, Chou En-lai, Ba U, Jawaharlal Nehru, Gamal Abdel Nasser, Chen Yi, and U Nu; on their way to the historic Asian-African Conference at Bandung 
I wish there was a CSA type box but for asian groceries
One thing I still value deeply from my Asian upbringing is the reverence for elders. Old age brings respect, not disposability.  …
I resent the fact that I lost a lot of asian friends when they found out I was questioning Islam. Instead they turned on me and made cruel jokes. I love the friends that I have now, but the friendship  from a shared heritage I always miss.
Tbh I need Asian Americans to be using the same energy they talk about anti-Asian sentiment to talk about how the coronavirus is killing black populations in the U.S.  …
i also loved how nobody had a single question about a black queen, white king and their asian son the prince falling in love with a black cinderella. the 90s were different.
It’s funny how I’ve been hearing that Tik Tok deletes simple and harmless videos that black girls + dark skinned South Asian girls make. But where’s the deletion for the racist tik toks?  …
Can y'all fucking imagine what @CascadianSolo's dumb ass coronavirus tweets would be like. Dude would tweet "just hooked up with a twink Asian who tested positive and am eating at a Mexican restaurant. I love Seattle" then 7 days later post a hospital selfie. IF ONLY!!!!!!!!!!!!
A must read by @mattloff. The novel coronavirus pandemic has Americans across the country fearful for their personal health and well-being, but for Asian Americans, the virus has stirred up another threat: a wave of verbal and physical attacks.  …
The treatment towards Asian Americans is absolutely disgraceful and needs to STOP! #COVID19 #WednesdayMotivation #WednesdayThoughts #bekind #CoronavirusPandemic
we say we want more south asian representation in hollywood and y’all give us the moving definition of the white  i’m tired  …
I heard the word "gooks" from ugly Americans throughout my time growing up in Japan and Korea. It's a disgusting, racist term. Stop this, people, and stop listening to your gangster president. Asian people literally helped build this country.  …
can we stop with the “this is an new time for Asian Americans” thing... there are Asians in America who know what it’s like to be attacked for walking down the street or be blamed for American deaths.. they just don’t fit into your category of Asian... this not new for many of us
An Asian woman was burned with acid outside of her home. This monster sat waiting to attack an Asian woman in front of her home. My fellow Asians, please be careful. Stay safe.  …
No. They are not “Asian” They appear to (UK) Pakistani. We must not be racist towards Chinese/Japanese/Korean etc.  …
I fucking love you @AndrewYang. “I realize that the op-ed fell short. I did not mean to suggest that we as Asian Americans needed to do anything more to prove that we are Americans. We’ve been here, we belong here and will continue to be part of the fabric of America.”
Self Isolation In Leeds Erupts With Asian Gangland Fight... 
As someone who's visibly Asian/Chinese, I'm trying to be generous with people who move away from me because that's what we're supposed to do and not because they're being racist AF. My mental health requires this. Not a'woe-is-me' post...just saying it 'out loud'.
my girl asian droppin @midnight. y’all should be scared. 
“This is for every American of Asian heritage, but one in particular. That would be Andrew Yang, the former Democratic candidate for president. Last week, he gave Asian Americans the worst advice imaginable, advice so bad as to be painful.” My latest:  …
if you’re not asian, it’s your responsibility to speak up when someone says or does anything racist at this time. to laugh along or stay silent is to take the side of the oppressor. be there for for your asian friends, listen & validate them, & stand up for them
Is it my imagination or is there a very high proportion of Asian/ black medics, esp male medics dying of CV19?
If you had the time to roast @AndrewYang on a kebab spit a few nights ago, you also got the time to skim thru this interview with an Asian American news source.  …
Fictional ASEAN rebuttal statement: While China is helping others in its fight against the pandemic, it is also violating Southeast Asian parties' sovereignty and rights in the SCS. We urge Beijing to put the priority on the outbreak response at home.  …
Dr. Charles Yu: Lasallians have fallen(again) • Dr. Ronaldo Mateo, Chief of Surgery • Dr. Mary Grace Lim, ER Medicine in Asian Hospital • Dr. Rose Pulido (DLSU MED Class 97) • Dr Greg Macasaet, LSGH graduate (UP Med 82/83) Why our doctors dying? #COVID19 
As Asian Americans continue to face harassment and assault, here’s my #WashTheHate video for 
The Asian countries that seemed to beat covid-19 are seeing cases rise again. It's mostly because people who traveled elsewhere. This is bad! But when you look closely, you also see signs of how the virus can be contained in the long run.  …
Early research into the first patients critically ill with Covid-19 in UK hospitals indicates that black and Asian people are more likely to be badly affected by coronavirus than white people. UK study suggests  …
I released this statement, with my colleagues at @PHLCouncil, condemning racism and xenophobia against Asian and Asian  amid the rise of #COVID19. We stand by our Asian and Asian American neighbors in the City of Brotherly of Love and Sisterly Affection. 
I'd like to just point out that the top 3 countries where @BernieSanders had the largest wins in the #DemocratsAbroad primary were ALL Asian countries! South Korea Vietnam Japan Great to see UK at the top where big brother Larry helped lead the #Bernie2020 efforts  …
This study  ) is  gold. The US & UK are top-ranked throughout, ahead of obvious East Asian countries. Including for "rapid response to an epidemic", where Austria, arguably fastest is in EU, is #76, after St. Lucia, Tajikistan, and Vietnam.  …
This is catastrophic. Exacerbated by the fact that that institutions (media, government, charity) lack of diversity means they can do little about it. Tragic. Black & Asian groups hit harder by Covid-19 than white people, UK study suggests.  …
Yang: "I went to Brown University" Woke Asian Twitter: "FUCKING RACIST"
. @lapublichealth just released preliminary demographic information on 93 out of the 169 #COVID19 deaths in L.A. County. 19% Asian 17% Black 28% Latinx 27% White 9% identified as belonging to another race or ethnicity. @KPCC/ @LAist
racial breakdown of COVID deaths: 19% Asian 27% White 28% Latinx 17% African-American "When we look at these numbers by the total population of each group, African-Americans have a slightly higher rate of death than other races," said LA County health director Barbara Ferrer.
No bones about it. The WaPo take was off, plain and simple. "I realize that the op-ed fell short. I did not mean to suggest that we as Asian Americans needed to do anything more to prove that we are Americans."  …
Im asian and latino hbu ? 
The Asian Reporter still has a print issue for this month. (We’ll see for next month) Here’s my cartoon for the March issue. 
if 2020 was types of ppl on twitter it would be asian twitter
This is a great interview with Mina, especially if you’re Asian-American. Very glad I had role models like @minakimes, @PabloTorre (but definitely not @jaycaspiankang) working in an industry where there aren’t many faces that looks like  …
#YangGang: A response from @AndrewYang to the backlash his op-ed received from the Asian  Some good clarifications here:  
Asian twitter writing out new words to say after they hear them in dbe and mhuncho songs 
ur fave latinx asian <33 
coming on to twitter and seeing asian twitter embarrassing themselves again  …
I never cared ab "Asian representation in media" bc why would I wanna see a grown man beat tf out his kids ? what do I gain
Forgetting that: 1. The first woman ever to be Veep is also a black woman 2. The first woman ever to be Veep is also an Asian woman 3. Kamala drove turnout among Asians and Hispanics in her own state 4. Kamala's law enforcement background gets you the suburban whites  …
asian girl  of 25% boy problems 25% hair coloring issues 10% "i wanna rave" posts 20% selfies that didn't make reg 20% astrology
This the most asian shit i ever heard in my life and im fully aroused  …
Asian Twitter after they’ve discovered Urban dictionary 
Gotham High: "Heroes" Bruce Wayne - race changed from White to Asian Selina Kyle - race changed from White to Latino Dick Grayson - race changed from White to Black "Villains" Jack Napier (Joker) - White no change >.<
I made a pptx about anti-Asian racism & #COVID19--please share widely. If you'd like a copy of the actual powerpoint, fill out this google sheet and I'll email it to you:  
BREAKING: A new virus has been identified as rapidly clustering in British Columbia. Virus is allegedly related to previous strains of a disease thought to have been cured. Health officials warn females under the age of 17, and females of South Asian ancestry at highest risk. 
The novel coronavirus pandemic has Americans across the country fearful for their personal health and well-being, but for Asian Americans, the virus has stirred up another threat: a wave of verbal and physical attacks. 
We recorded Episode 5 of @LATimes’ Asian Enough podcast with @ESPN’s @MinaKimes when #sports were still game on. Now let it take you back to simpler times... many weeks ago. Korean bat flipping! Mina’s tattoo! Asian athletes making us proud! Listen now:  
. @GovernorTomWolf’s  are calling for the public to remain vigilant against hate after @PAStatePolice reported an increasing number of incidents targeting members of the Asian  due to misinformation about COVID-19. 
it's 20-effing-20, people, if you MUST write an "Asia-inspired" fantasy world despite being white, at least!! try not to!! give characters!! Asian LAST names as FIRST NAMES!!!
The @GOP calling COVID-19 the "Chinese virus" resulted in a surge of anti-Asian hate crimes. This isn't new. Accusations that Chinese immigrants were behind malaria, smallpox, and leprosy helped win passage of the racist Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882.  …
We already have an epic health crisis; we don’t need a racialized social crisis too. Don't miss @HRW’s @SeashiaVang reporting on Trump’s rhetoric and #US racism against Asian Americans:  … #COVID19
which house allows asian people
Here is @sleochiang interviewing me in a gorgeous Hollywood Hills home—the perfect set for the classic Hollywood episode of the @PBS docuseries on Asian Americans. 
So excited to be part of the @PBS series Asian Americans, airing May 11-12. I got to fulfill my lifelong dream to be a talking head on a PBS documentary . Watch me speak on classic Hollywood actors like Anna May Wong, Merle Oberon and Sessue Hayakawa.  …
i’m not like other asian girls on here. i’m from south carolina
I apologize for the language. But, I stand by the anger that I'm channeling for the Asian  Treating Asian Americans as "the other" has had a long history in this nation. We want people to know that this rhetoric hurts.  …
Let’s bring back plastic bags. Plastic is cheap, useful and hygienic. The green fascists want us to feel guilty about plastic contamination of the oceans. But Canada is not responsible. A handful of delinquent Asian countries are.  …
The Dubai Police has recently arrested an Asian man for taunting police officers on duty in an edited clip online. The man has been referred  authorities for further legal action against him. 
Overheard on Twitter: "When is the American public going to realize that it’s not China that the broadcast news divisions are protecting, but the globalist  that own the news divisions, and which need Asian markets for maxxing out entertainment profits?"
Someone doused an Asian woman with acid right outside her home in Brooklyn. Anti-China rhetoric from government, media and social media is encouraging these attacks. We are being targeted to maintain the coherence of the nation amidst crisis.  …
An Asian woman was attacked with acid right outside of her home in Brooklyn, and is now suffering from severe burns. This is horrifying.  …
So much fun to have @minakimes on the podcast this week to talk about Korean bat flipping, being hapa and why Asians stan so hard for Asian athletes. Please give us a listen and subscribe! 
key club is the scariest asian cult to ever exist in high-school
We as Asian Americans must change how we view the current rise in violence against Asian diasporas from viewing it as an isolated domestic issue that's solvable by liberal anti-prejudice narratives to viewing it as an extension of US imperialist aggression against China abroad.
The most effective way a region can rid itself of an invasive plant or animal species is to convince Asian herbalists that a tincture made from them will give men hard-ons.
Yesterday, an Asian woman in Brooklyn was the victim of an acid attack by a man who poured acid on her. She suffered severe 2nd degree burns across her face & body. This is a direct result of the US' increasing anti-Chinese violence domestically & abroad.  
. @espn sports journalist @minakimes sat down with Asian Enough hosts @jenyamato and @frankshyong and talked about the Asian athletes Asian Americans love to root for, identifying as hapa, and why racist trolls don’t bother her. Listen now:  
I’m in the #RadioTimesEaster Edition! Yeah, that’s right- Rishi Sunak is not the hot, successful South Asian you’ve been looking for... It’s been me all along. Buy a couple of copies and send one to my mum, she’s not allowed out. Big love to @BBCLeeds 
Asian Americans are reporting ~100 cases of harassment/assault per day as xenophobia spreads alongside the coronavirus. Social distancing means no rallies to raise awareness, so the fight has gone online or behind the scenes. My latest:  …
You get shouted down and called a racist. Always. Telling the truth is racist? Asking a legitimate question racist? Sickening. What is racist is the industrial scale rape of white girls by south Asian (predominantly Pakistani heritage) men. That’s Racist. Racist Rapists.  …
With @jayoung_choi I made this crowdsourced map to record incidents of #covid related aggression towards Asians and Asian Americans in Boston. We hope to use the data to draw attention to the issue from universities in Boston. Please circulate widely.  …
On @AAJA's Coronavirus Resources page: Resources for journalists and newsrooms Emergency relief funds Member articles covering coronavirus Resources for Asian  ... and more.  …
"It doesn’t even have to physically hurt anyone—which it already has. You have the Asian American population in the United States telling you this is hurtful, that this is painful for us, please don’t do this. That should be enough." --  …
happy tuesday to everyone but especially Asian Americans. it feels horrible to have to be worried about both the virus itself and the subsequent racism. but we were shining before this, we'll shine after this. just remember all those racists probably have chinese tattoos. 
If you try this baby #BokChoy soup with ginger and garlic, I think you're gonna love it Loaded with rice #noodles, this fragrant Asian #soup recipe is easy to make and packed with deep, umami flavor. #easyrecipes #feedfeed #buzzfeast Get the Recipe  
Today was supposed to be my first book talk for The Chinese Revolution on the Tibetan Frontier at GWU’s Sigur Center for Asian Studies. Instead, I’ll shamelessly self-promote by attaching the flyer from @CornellPress with 30% discount code 
Andrew Yang's message to Asian Americans is having a positive affect.  …
People say I’m white despite being a mixed-race Asian, while I’ve also been called an ignorant American despite living in Japan and speaking Japanese. That causes others to accuse me of being an apologist for Japanese war crimes while others say I like North Korea. It never ends.
I'm happy to announce that UNBREAKABLE  to @DriveThruRPG on APRIL 14th! Explore 10 original Asian-inspired adventures for #dnd5e written & illustrated by Asian #OwnVoices creators. Sign-up for our newsletter:  #UnbreakableAnthology 
i’m looking for females with an asian ethnicity, western upbringing and who is familiar with skin whitening products to interview for my dissertation. it would be max 30 min via video chat/call. please reply to this tweet and i’ll dm more info
One of the utter absurdities of the pre-virus global super duper economy was that we both sold PPE to Asian nations, and bought if from them. The only purpose of such trade is to extract money from the transactions and put it in the accounts of the already rich. Same with food.
anyone: *finds asian man attractive* thinkpiece twt: be HONEST do you actually think he’s cute or is it because he’s asian
Two different pieces about the same South Asian politician–one in GQ UK and one in Vogue UK–both written by white women and published in the last week. The former describes him as effectively neutered until he came into power; the  him to a hot premed student.. lol 
SIDEBAR: I always capitalize the words “Rap” & “Hip Hop”. Editors may “correct” them but I do it with everything I write regardless. I don’t hyphenate “Hip-Hop” although some editors might. I capitalize “Black” and “White” too. And “Latino” and “Asian”. Editors may “correct” me.
#COVID19 is no excuse for violence and bigotry. Cases of anti-Asian racism are on the rise and groups like @CAAsanfrancisco and @A3PCON have documented over 1,000 cases so far. Here's a thought: Wash your hands, mind your 6 feet and don't be racist trash:  
First Southeast Asian Group to enter the Top 10 Social 50! #SB19 | 
So wait this is the same guy who won Asian number 1 heartthrob right  …
White media women discovering a south Asian man they can fancy as Tory has frankly been extremely embarrassing  …
Asian Aunty love is telling you you’re getting fat then forcing 3 plates of food down ur throat
