A SHAMELESS MERCH PLUG. OF A HOODIE WITH CHINESE AND JAPANESE TEXT ON IT. ON A VIDEO ANOUT A PANDEMIC WHICH HAS SPARKED A MASSIVE AMOUNT OF ANTI ASIAN XENOPHOBIA AND RACISM. WHAT THE FUCK!! WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS THIS IS DISGUSTING @MatPatGT 
Empty shelves everywhere save the local Asian market, which delivered bigtime. Witness: my new favorite candy bar of all time— matcha KitKat. Find joy where you can y’all. And take care of each other. 
The percent Asian I am is in the negatives, that is how much i am not Asian. Your stank and racism is 110% tho.
i went to an asian supermarket instead. lmao 
Aye...let me tell you what social distancing I'm not participating in: ignoring public racist attacks against Asian fam I already heard too many stories from students...makes my blood boil, want to flatten more than the epi curve....IJS
I hate when people refer to every Asian person they see as “ling ling”
if you’re in portland fyi fubonn on se 82nd is like maybe slightly quieter than it usually is and has everything! walmart was absolutely ridiculous and out of a lot of stuff—support asian businesses especially now!  – at Fubonn Supermarket
Yesterday, I went to the grocery store. All the rice, instant ramen, pasta, flour, dry goods, etc. were wiped out. Today, I went to the Asian grocery store. It  stocked on everything. Welp... 
Companies which have eroded #least value include: Hindustan Unilever, GSK Consumer, Nestle India, Asian Paints, Pidilite Industries, Akzo Nobel India, Sanofi India, Wabco India, Bayer CropScience and Coromandel International. Note: Most of them are MNCs.
Asian & European friends from #COVIDー19 high risk countries: the touristic areas of my beautiful country #Guatemala are extremely vulnerable: chronic malnutrition levels in children and there are no hospitals w/x-rays, or hospitals at all. Abstain from visiting. 
White panic: the same news organizations consistently linking sickness with Muslim, Asian, other populations  …
I'm not a African. I'm not a european. I'm not a asian. I'm not a middle easterner. I'm not a jew. I'm a BLACK AMERICAN. Yeah. I said it. 
also, please support asian owned restaurants at a time like this
We don't tolerate hatred and discrimination against Asian New Yorkers. We didn't before the COVID-19 crisis, we don't today and we NEVER will. Call 311 to report any acts of discrimination. Call 911 to report a hate crime. 
Thank you for sharing this. The racism Asian Americans are experiencing during this time of Coronavirus is an issue I feel strongly needs to be discussed. #CoronavirusPandemic  …
Some mention-worthy points reporting on panic shopping today: -local grocers are less picked over than wholesalers - fewer supply chain fears among grocers that source locally - for those who can’t afford to shop local/organic, liquor stores and Asian markets have plenty of stock
My local asian grocery was fully stocked on everything and ALSO had cute pink homegoods!! I am moving in 2 months and cant wait for everything to be pink 
My local grocery chain  out of necessities and fresh fruit/veggies. Then I went to the Asian market in the neighborhood aaaaannnddd... No panicked people. Plenty of politeness. Stocked shelves. I even bought a fresh egg puff waffle!
. @AOC can't seem to make up her mind. First she called people racists for not going to Asian restaurants, now she wants everyone to "PLEASE" stop going out and "eat your meals at home," instead. Should I stay or should I go? 
Support your local Asian groceries. Not only are they going to have a hard time of it, they're also likely to be well-stocked, because racism. Being Korean or Chinese or Italian doesn't magically make you more likely to have covid, because no one can afford to travel anyway.  …
the whole world: judging us, racial discriminating us, beating random asian people on the street, even accusing us for "creating" the virus us:  …
Due to recent xenophobia against the wonderful  i will be eating asian coochie for absolutely free ladies hit my line
I don’t see the caption being that bad as most people have to stay home and she isn’t making fun of the situation and she is asian..?
I WOULD like to hear from businesses about their anti-racism and anti-discrimination stance. Anti-Asian/Am sentiment is amped up several notches right now. What can I expect to happen if an employee discriminates against a customer?  …
Also go to H Mart or another Asian grocery. They’re pretty stocked and no where near as busy as the other stores. We went there and Winco today, and Winco’s shelves were pretty sparse where H Mart didn’t look much different than normal.  
..NOT okay, one of my mommy peeps of Asian heritage was TARGETED earlier today. She was BORN here. She is an American, same as you. Surely to GOD. We are not going to be THAT kinda STUPID. #BeBetter
Things I did today to spite my depression: -went to the beach -shopped at my local Asian market -ate -got my nails done -read. A lot. -bought MM a special box for all his artwork and mementos -enjoyed the sunshine -ate again -did a whole bunch of calisthenic exercises
Help Us Save The Asian Elephants by Liking and Sharing This Post #savetheasianelephants - Sign the Petition!  via @Change
My bfs ordered a Chinese on their way home and it arrived before they did. We usually have to wait 40-60 mins from this one place bc it's so popular. Pls support ur local Chinese n Asian restaurants/take aways/food stores during this time if u can! This is people's livelihoods
"Coronavirus may have originated in China. But the disease doesn't discriminate in the way that people do," notes Asian-American teenager Katherine Oung 
The Asian groceries are nice and well-stocked. I shall now be surviving the Apocalypse with ALL THE DUMPLINGS. (Keep them alive, you all. But no panic-raiding. Deal?)
regardless of if you think Asian others live in the colonial/exotic past or in an alternative/authoritarian/sci-fi future, you're assuming it's a world that exists outside of the Western present, which viruses clearly disprove
It’s crazy to see how all the yt people in full panic and clearing all the shelves at big named grocery stores but when I went into my local Asian market full of Asian senior citizens, NONE of their carts were extremely full and only got the essentials enough for them
Taken early this afternoon. Local grocery store vs local asian grocery store. 
I am very skeptical about setting up Indic chairs overseas. That kind of money will go farther if spent in India. We know what those South Asian chairs are doing for India and Hindus: not good.  …
Among all the worry around at the moment, I'd like to share some nice wildlife photos & videos. This Asian short-clawed otter was having a good frolic at @WWTLondon on Thursday. It even took a dip in its water bowl. #cute 
Hit up your local Chinatown and Asian markets if you can. These businesses are hurting because people are racist. Plus, AMAZING FOOD. 
i realize coronavirus has basically spiraled into a universal fear now, & that we all need  together...but even when this is all over, i will never forget how people beat, stabbed, & humiliated asian-americans bc they needed a scapegoat. i hope those ppl don’t survive
Did my grocery shopping by supporting a local Asian market which was unsurprisingly the lowest on instant soups and canned veggies & meats but got some fish & beef to portion & freeze to last a couple of weeks, along w/a bunch of other stuff. Not bad.
At Census time, Asian Americans again confront the question of who "counts" as Asian. Here's how the answer got  
Y’all fw Asian food? Asian culture and inspired oriental pieces? into Asian women and men? got Asian friends? Ima need y’all to speak up and help call out racism and xenophobia. This corona virus is spreading quick but racism spreading quicker and It’s sick
hot tip: asian grocery stores are  normal while places like TJs and Safeway are out of canned and frozen food, wipes, and hand sanitizers... if you need to shop, take advantage of white ignorance and go to Hong Phat or Fubonn
Notice how we haven’t seen any public pushback against Asian businesses seeking govt intervention and talking about racism. I have not heard anything about “the race-card”, or folks telling them to work harder, or talking to them about saving money to endure times like this. ijs
 in New York/New Jersey has been most affected? We know in Seattle, seniors were really impacted In California, we're closely watching the Asian population Why no Media curiosity over NY/NJ cases? Didn't they say most affected?
ppl avoiding asian markets are ridiculous... u think costco on a saturday isnt busier and higher risk for u to get sick???? like racism makes people so dumb
Remember when Americans thought Asian people were weird for wearing facemasks everywhere?? Now ya’ll are hoarding toilet paper
Yt ppl suddenly “discovering” el super, tienditas, and Asian markets need to go to caucasia cuz we don’t want y’all here.
See...incels aren’t just asian or white lol Many black men are susceptible to the movement because they feel even more entitled to the best women because of the bbc stereotype. Must suck when your bbc still isn’t granting you sex and respect from women lol  …
H-Mart was fully packed by like 95% Latino and Asian people. Most everything in stock! Even if busy. Shoutout to the white teenager who was on the phone w their mom (I think) who said ‘well if grandma doesn’t want to eat food from the Asian place she can starve’ lmaooo
australia has more documented cases of covid19 from the united states than anywhere else, and yet people will still look at you funny for having the audacity to be asian in public lol
Bro, some Asian shops have increased their prices on stuff, for example a big bag of rice that was £25 now going at £35. How do they sleep at night?
The Racial Life Expectancy Gap in the U.S. Center for Disease Control (CDC) data: Native Americans: 75.06 years African Americans: 75.54 years White Americans: 79.12 years Hispanic Americans: 82.89 years Asian Americans: 86.67 years  …
mine: discourse on colonialism, revolutionary suicide, indigenous people’s history of the us,wretched of the earth, collected poems of audre lorde, assata, south asian feminisms, native speaker, like water for chocolate, foundations of leninism, anything by gabriel garcia marquez
Pro Tip: If you still need Coronavirus supplies, go to Asian grocery stores! They tend to always have stuff in stock long after the major stores are out! This was my secret for hurricane prep supply buying in Florida. 
Out of all the people at Costco, interesting photo choice to go with the one Asian woman wearing a face mask 
Unless you're patroning a Chinese or Asian restaurant...  …
Hope I'm wrong, but judging by the trajectories in Italy, France, Spain, the UK, and the USA, western democracies can't hack the Asian response model until it's too late.
Going to my local Asian market for a snack run. Send for ramen and Kit Kat’s {findom}
coughing on the costco sample lady bc she offered everyone multiple samples and refused to let my asian mother have one<3
This is for free, but in return I ask that *IF YOU CAN AFFORD IT* - Donate to WHO's COVID-19 relief fund:  … - Or order food from a local Asian store if it's safe for you to do so If you CAN afford consulting, many freelancers would appreciate the work
Order Chinese takeout today, go get boba, shop at the asian market, help out your local asian establishments
Try Asian and Mexican or just any cultural market “they” seem to stay out of those places.
must be nice to pretend racism towards south and south east asian cultures is something stan twt made up for attention
shopping at an asian market is a rly good idea right now and i appreciate everyone suggesting it to me , but i do all my shopping at asian markets and i live in LA. they were picked clean before any of the western markets! some places have asian populations lol
all i’m gonna say is that white people wanna panic buy and hurt asian owned businesses when just a couple seasons ago, y’all were having a real giggle about not washing your legs in the shower and using swimming pools instead of bathing in the summer time
THIS IS NOT OKAY. Vandalism found behind an Asian restaurant in Albuquerque. This is xenophobia. This is racism. 
I’m sure this has been tweeted already but just in case; I know the chain grocery stores are ravaged rn but the corner stores are fully stocked (even with toilet paper), also the Asian markets (Koreatown, Lil Tokyo) also fully stocked.
This is true for ALL of the Asian grocery stores in Tucson right now.  …
I’m waiting on someone to cross me with some corona/asian talk to I can have an excuse to rock a jaw clean off someone’s face... Don’t do it.
Reasons to buy from your local Chinese restaurant right now: - supporting local asian-owned small businesses while racists are avoiding them - take out is better for social distancing than going out - lo mein is really good while watching netflix in self-quarantine
Tip: Cut the racism/xenophobia/entitled attitude and support Asian establishments- i.e Japanese stores have tons of rice, a variety of pre-made meals, fresh produce, delicious snacks/perishables, and household items. Most items have English labels, but I can provide descriptions! 
Even though all the dinguses bought all the ramen in most grocery stores, y'all's Asian markets got ramen for daaaays and it's the good kind. Get down and get some.  – at Asian Market
this is also a GREAT time to find & support your local asian market, since many of them have experienced drops in sales since the beginning of the outbreak due to ignorance.
Although highly contagious, 1957-58 Asian Flu was much less deadly than the #coronavirus & had a high % of deaths in younger people, as is typical with flu pandemics (older people often have partial immunity). #COVID19 is MUCH more deadly & affects older people disproportionally.
"Not only do we have to be afraid about our health, but we have to be afraid about being ourselves," says Asian-American teenager Katherine Oung 
spectros on netflix is a brazilian show and the leads are teen girls: an asian girl and a black girl involved in some supernatural affairs. im waiting for szn 2. 
I highly suggest y’all hit up the Asian markets if you’re trying to get supplies . Also larger dollar stores have a lot of dry goods you can stock up on as well as toiletries . Stay safe and be smart !
Just went to my local Asian market and shopped leisurely, picked up as many bags of rice and ramen I wanted, and checked out in three minutes flat. Love to benefit from all the racists (you should too)
Hajra Khan captain women football team & Nargis Hameedullah a Pakistani karateka who won bronze medal in the 2018 Asian Games called on Chairman @BBhuttoZardari and discussed the challenges women face in sports. We must encourage & invest in Women 
AOC, three days ago: “people are literally not patroning chinese restaurants, they’re not patroning asian restaurants because of just straight-up racism around the coronavirus.”   …
the chad internet anon: "Asian countries have dramatically slowed their R0, let's copy them fast." the virgin bluecheck: "but mask effectiveness against COVID has not been schmientifically proven, we need a 4-year 50-million FDA-approved controlled trial to prove masks work."
In search of a few last minutes items for my #covid grocery list. Found many treasures including cleaning products & hand sanitizer @Asian supermarket IJS
i am upset america isnt handling this very well more then anyone but people are extrapolating too much from this asian countries didnt do better because of fucking state capacity magic, they have had to deal with more corona type stuff in the past then we did
AOC tells people to stay home after calling them racist for not going to Asian restaurants  …
This morning I went to our local Asian store to buy some stuff before they lock us down, if they ever will, seeing this country doesn't even have a proper government right now. It was stocked full because people are afraid just because something is Asian, it has the virus.
Asian mom will use that 'universal' for all. As long it's sharp..  …
Just bought like 6 packs of Lucky Me pancit canton at the local Asian market. The white American guy at the counter gave me a knowing look and said "Stocking up?" and I was like uh, this is only 2 days worth of food? I just like pancit canton
I taught @ericnamofficial how to draw...himself! Watch him try to keep up (and struggle) while we talk about asian representation, his new music, and life!  …
“asian silverhaired twink teaches brunette younger brother how to give a h*ndjob in public” 
people who are racist towards asians don’t deserve to get tested/receive china’s suppplies & enter asian markets to buy food lol i don’t have mercy for u ppl & that’s on periodt
Support your local Asian grocery stores They have EVERYTHING. Rice, pasta, veggies, eggs, meat and no lines. (h/t 
Our beloved bagel shop in Walnut, Asian American-owned, depends so much on local business from two nearby colleges, both of which have suspended classes. #SupportAsianSmallBusiness as much as you can, 
Do your best to support small businesses—especially the Asian ones that have already been struggling—in the days and months ahead. And tip generously. 
Crowdsourcing easy recipes out of canned / dried / frozen foods for our @aafcollective zine on care & coronavirus. Dhal, curries, fave ways to prep instant ramen, congee, etc. Reply here or e-mail aafcollective[at]gmail. + recs for shelf-stable food from Asian grocery stores
It’s rough being asian with allergies right now
Fr Mf finna old town road the Asian edition Lmaoooo
My mum, little old asian lady, has some amazing neighbours. Nothing to do with colour, religion or culture. Just good people helping each other out.
Yo not to go there but this toilet paper hoarding is absolutely a white person thing. This is evidenced by the local asian and hispanic groceries  stocked and target and wholefoods being decimated
I’m seeing a lot of people in that Jhene thread who are still conflating her grandparents Asian settlerisn with her right to be a native from Hawaii. This isn’t right and I know it’s hard to see that perspective. Here are two articles that helped me see it better:
*stares in confused Asian*  …
. @AOC can't seem to make up her mind. First she called people racists for not going to Asian restaurants, now she wants everyone to "PLEASE" stop going out and "eat your meals at home," instead. Should I stay or should I go? 
im sorry but if people are avoiding asian markets full of food bc theyre xenophobic then honestly lets let them run out of food from regular stores and let natural selection take its course,,..,..
A reminder to support your local shops, bodegas, and Asian supermarkets 
Far more likely that a white racist throws a hissy fit over having an Asian or Indian ICU doctor. 
So, I've seen a few really disturbing stories about racial attacks against people of Asian descent lately. Stop it. People are saying it's "because of COVID-19", it's not. It's because of racism. Don't excuse inexcusable behaviour. Stop it.
It takes South Asian leaders to do something that the West should have done months ago.  …
Scum of the earth right here in my neighborhood! Asian man, son harassed in possible Queens hate crime  …
Honestly. Leave the poor Asian lady alone.
"..One student spent 6 periods crying in a dept. office out of concern that she would spread the virus to her grandmother living with cancer. Compounding their terror is the racism many of our Asian students are experiencing as  to school.."  …
asian girls post an “i’m horny” tweet and they’ll have like 7 James Whittington’s above the age of 30 with wife n  “Anything i could do about that? ”
me trying to find ppl who didn't bullied with all racism every single Asian human existed like these poor humans responsible for the world destroy 
What about multi- generational families in one household? These experts haven't exactly thought this through very well at all. The  have not been factored in at all.
NYC cop's response to Asian man getting spit on: " it's not a crime." "He was absolutely assaulted," & it could be categorized as a violation or misdemeanor, said Stan Mark, a senior attorney at @aaldef. NYC do better on tracking #COVID related  …
Having issues with grocery shopping? Go to Asian Markets (99 Ranch, HMart, ABC Market) Shop in expensive/rich neighborhoods (there’s less panic there) Avoid popular stores, such as Costco, Ralphs, Vons Asian Markets in high Asian Demographic city might be packed
I literally don't give a shit about a decline in Asian businesses due to Coronavirus xenophobia. They have always been viciously anti-Black Now the same white people they suck up to....have fucking turned on them. Boo-fucking-hoo
Wait, so now we shouldn’t go to Asian restaurants?
South Asian couture**  …
This is true, if you live in Grand Prairie/Arlington the Hong Kong market on pioneer is full of stuff, you get what you want and you also help out the   …
The white woman is correct. Banning women from places because they're menstruating is stupid and should not be respected no matter how traditional it is. S. and S.E. Asian feminists, among others, have been fighting against such practices for a long time.  …
an episode of curb where someone keeps taking larry’s reserved parking spot at his office. larry finally snaps & vandalizes the car only to find out that it belongs to an asian american. larry is then accused of a coronavirus fuled hate crime
Anyways support your local Asian owned food businesses
Queerguru reviews @BlaiseSingh debut doc PRIDE & PROTEST about being black/asian/LGBTG in the UK : World Premiere at @BFIFlare  @lgbtrainbowfilm @RyanLanji @MsLadyPhil @ukblackpride @nintendomad888 @AaronCarty @QueerhanKhan @ManuDhindsa97 
The racism Asian people face due to this pandemic needs to stop!!! The virus doesn’t discriminate between races! Every day there’s news about hate crimes & asians being harassed worldwide because ignorant bigots link them to the Corona virus and it breaks my heart
Because of all the xenophobic morons scared of asian people atm I was able to get a 90 minute massage scheduled with less than an hour notice and there's a discount. Post leg day massage is gonna be
4. India is leading the fight against COVID-19 in the South Asian region, offering diplomatic, humanitarian and medical assistance to its neighbours. #COVID19India
At the Asian supermarket today there were tell tale signs of... not quite panicbuying, but definitely 70 year old Ulstermen making ill-advised choices of instant noodles with flames on the packaging.
You just told us to go to Asian restaurants or we were racist
Coronavirus jokes about Asians: 500k likes, hundreds of racists flocking in  Posts about asian countries inventing something amazing to prevent the spread of coronavirus: 23k likes, 100k likes I see. 
True in the U.K. too. No pasta in Sainsbury’s or Tesco this morning, but plenty in our local Asian shop.  …
If you're having trouble finding things to eat at grocery stores: 1) I hear Asian grocery stores and small stores have stuff 2) Here's a thread of pantry/frozen fruit and veg meals. I spent some time on  support and had to learn to get creative with my non-perishables:
More Asian and Asian American films to stream (thanks to replies) 95 and 6 To Go (Kanopy) @philos0phie 'Empire of Lust' and 'Last Princess' (Amazon Prime) @peoplegetready Minding the Gap (Hulu) @LorenLChen Ms. Purple (Hulu) @kimizzle The Tiger Hunter (Netflix) 
Asian grocery stores still have food, water and yes toilet paper. Go to your H-Mart or what is local to you today to stick up and avoid the panic! And yeah that's Hello Kitty sake 
I think about Beau and her journey a lot; it means a lot to me to see a female character be,,, kind of a dick tbh, rude and violent and messy because esp as asian AFAB, I've been socialized to be exact opposite of that
CORONA VIRUS DOES NOT GIVE YOU A REASON TO RACIST TO ASIAN PEOPLE CORONA VIRUS DOES NOT GIVE YOU A REASON TO RACIST TO ASIAN PEOPLE CORONA VIRUS DOES NOT GIVE YOU A REASON TO RACIST TO ASIAN PEOPLE CORONA VIRUS DOES NOT GIVE YOU A REASON TO RACIST TO ASIAN PEOPLE CORONA VIRUS DOE
Someone collect their uncle man wtf is this?? Can’t even eat that much rice at 25 Asian weddings and they’re stockpiling like they’re going into a nuclear bunker 
Asian American documentaries to stream: Bad Rap (Kanopy, Netflix) The Grace Lee Project (Kanopy) Meet the Patels (Amazon Prime) The Slanted Screen (Kanopy) Slaying the Dragon (Kanopy) East of Main Street: Taking the Lead (YouTube)  …
STILL LOOKING FOR FOOD OR SUPPLIES? Go to Asian grocery stores! Due to ppl being dumb racists, they don’t have much business. My friend went to 2 yesterday: Tai nam on Broadway and Berwyn and Thai Golden Pacific Market had everything #panicbuying #CoronaVirus
Tammy Duckworth is the first Asian-American woman elected to Congress in Illinois, the first disabled woman to be elected to the U.S. House of Representatives, and the first member of Congress born in Thailand. She is an Iraq Wa.. See more pictures:  
America and the world really has a fascination with 1/2 minorities making it. As a full-blooded South Asian, I am proud to represent those go-getters who are full black, full Asian, full Latina, still fighting to go get our dues. Retweet if you’re ready to go get your goals
People are like "Maybe I'll take an online class!" or "I have 15 books on central asian culinary customs I've been meaning to get through." You're gonna watch hulu and eat raw cookie  on.
Media, on a pandemic that has agitated xenophobia, sinophobia, and anti-Asian racism: *uses shots of masked Asian crowds for everything related to pandemic* Media, when a white guy price-gouges during same pandemic: *photographs him with his baby to humanize him*
Asian and Asian American films you can stream (included in subscription): The Big Sick (Amazon Prime) Burning (Netflix) Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (Netflix) The Farewell (Amazon Prime) The Handmaiden (Amazon Prime) Kung Fu Hustle (Netflix) Parasite (Hulu, starting 4/8) 
every asian mom after seeing him literally standing on a chair 
Quick PSA that I would prefer my fiction to be referred to as Southeast Asian and not East Asian, if you must (I prefer Vietnamese but i know overarching categories are sometimes useful). I do not identify as East Asian at all.
You want to be an ally during the covid-19 outbreak: • wash your hands and cough in your shoulder • support Asian friends if you know some. They need the support • support Asian business many of them are feeling dejected right now • call out racists no matter how casual
Latest #Coronavirus update. European countries have to get on the ‘Asian’ trajectory! 
I visited Sunset Park, essentially Brooklyn’s Chinatown, to see how businesses, senior centers, and  are doing, amid fears over the new coronavirus and the rise of anti-Asian xenophobia and racism. My first @voxdotcom  …
I really love that Rian looked at Star Wars as a whole, the entire saga, the whole world that George built, and saw the gaps: no Asian representation no feminine gaze no addressing the Jedi and warfare no balance to the Force, etc... and decided to say what needed to be said.
Congratulations @LouisvilleZoo on the Wild Lights Asian Lanten Festival. What an amazing thing to see. These butterflies are just one of 65 different displays. 
if you’re looking to buy some non-perishable snacks for the weeks ahead then i highly  consulting the answers to this and heading for your local asian supermarket rather than going to tesco’s  …
Dear @ThreeUK - current customer here. I am appalled that you are using the money I’m handing you every month to fund hate-mongering articles like this one. This sort of bile fans the flames of hatred against our Asian students, some also Three customers. Please reconsider.
You got your toilet paper hoarders, surprisingly quiet anti-vaxxers, video conferencing virgins, smug preppers, Costco pandemic profiteers, Asian nerds, Cool Mask Asians, unfriendly Trader Joe’s soccer moms, freelancers who eat their feelings, ruthless terrorists determined to ru
Jungkook, Taehyung, Jin & Jimin are on the final round at 100 Asian Heartthrobs of 2020. Go vote for them! #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
@BTS_twt r the first Korean act to surpass 20M listeners on Spotify! They had already once surpassed it but this time they will stay above 20M. They r the first n the last to surpass this mark for an asian act. RT to congratulate them! #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo 
[ Jungkook Poll ] Jungkook leading Twitter Voting of 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 on 1 hour #1 Jungkook : 5,1k retweets + 7,2k likes #2 Taehyung : 4,7k retweets + 5,9k likes Twitter Voting Period : March 14 to April 6, 2020 Tomorrow Instagram Voting is Open! 
If you want to understand why @BBCNews continues to turn a blind eye to "asian" "grooming" and still persecutes anyone who speaks out - then look no further than BBC employee @DanRebellato  …
@BTS_twt did that with a korean discography, without playlists, without radio spins and Spotify is not even available in their home country (Korea), they aren't the biggest asian act of all time and biggest group in the world for nothing #BoyWithtLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards
Pray for Asian women in Europe...
One of the fastest growing categories in skincare is “essences”. This is an important step in Asian skincare regimes after cleansing to soften and prepare skin for the following serums and creams. Estée Lauder has…  …
Educators profess to believe in equity & inclusion, yet the review highlights problems from  who are: Black Muslim Queer South Asian Latin American Clearly, we’re not equitable & inclusive. Far from it. Read the review  to shedding your wilful ignorance
#JIMIN is now officially nominated as the finalist for 2020 Asian Heartthrobs. The vote this time not only on poll but in several social media platform. The first voting session is on Twitter. Check Starmometer tweet for more info.  …
Love affair between asian embroidery and french corsetry. @voguemagazine #GaultierParis #SS97 #JPGFREAKING50 Photographed by @peterlindbergh. Model 
Diplomatic Sources: Proposed SAARC (South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation) video-conferencing, on tackling #Coronavirus, likely to take place 
This is the time the entire world needs an Asian mum (or Nigerian as I understand it) to say ‘you’re going to that one’s Country, When was the last time they came to yours? Sit down.’
I shaved my beard to make a statement so that people may see that I am ethnically Asian. I also put up a sign in the elevators that I would happily buy groceries for any elderly who can’t or are afraid of going out. It’s the least I can do to prove people wrong and do good atm. 
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 – The Final Battle 
"You're racist against Asians for saying where a virus came from!" > Docks Asian kids' perfect SAT scores for being too smart
My 9yo &  our #census2020 form online. We learned about how the census means roads, schools, equity + representation. “Are we Asian Indian?” was the perfect opener for how Indians have been (mis)classified over decades. #Homeschooling #coronavirus #census 
#OnThisDay in 1999, Wasim Akram took a hat-trick against Sri Lanka in the final of the Asian Test Championship in Dhaka. Pakistan went on to win by an innings and 175 runs. Great bowling from the legend, together with  from Tony Greig 
People raised by South Asian parents who routinely buy massive sacks of lentils/rice/spices and also keep an unreasonably large supply of garlic and ginger and onion at all times... this is our time to shine.
I bet asian girls aren’t telling their parents that unis closed for corona so they can still do link ups with their man
Putting this out there again. Abe wasn’t even asked about Japan’s low testing rate versus Korea at his presser tonight. Coronavirus testing gaps put Asian governments under microscope  …
Our data analysis shows that in some Asian cities normal life is resuming. Foot traffic in Hong Kong returned to standard levels last week 
The irony is that, across the world, there's massive anti-Asian racism springing up, and yet here in Japan, a spike in anti-foreigner racism.  …
STOP using these 4 types of masks as they have severe excessive bacteria when tested. 2 of them are labelled made in Turkey and Nepal respectively and 2 unknown, but believed are made in South East Asian countries. STANDNEWS 
“中国人在韩国唱日文歌” a chinese person in korea singing a japanese song this is still the funniest shit ever wang yibo asian domination 
If you need to stock up, please support Asian supermarkets! The Vietnamese supermarket Long Dan is so great, and there are two branches in Hackney, one in Camden.
The Asian Development Bank’s (ADB) $3-million grant for the Philippines will be used by the Department of Health (DOH) to buy additional emergency medical supplies needed in the fight against the COVID-19 disease. |  …
Ring girls USA Latina Europe Asian Which one do you choose? 
Police and immigration officers being given the power to stop people they suspect of having the virus. What's the betting that when we get the figures, 70% of the people stopped will have been black or Asian?
Observations from today’s grocery run. There is no loo-roll (we knew this), there are no baked beans (explaining the lack of loo-roll), & there’s no yeast (??). Also, NO LINES and plenty of everything at Asian/Chinese supermarkets. Support your local Asian shop #COVID19
*Two Irishmen arrested for smuggling “Asian” migrants into the UK* 
before you direct your anger towards innocent asian people let’s not forget that this virus was brought here by middle class  home from a ski trip so once again i reiterate, eat the fucking rich
Since we're on the topic of supporting your local Asian grocery store... Ventura County people, support Asahi Market on Oxnard Blvd! It's a tiny shop ran by a really sweet elderly couple and their shelves are always stocked with just *chef's kiss* Japanese and Korean groceries:) 
idk maybe I'm being really sensitive but I just feel extremely weirded out by "has your  panic bought itself into a corner? don't worry! you can panic buy from asian supermarkets! capitalism!!"
Jaehyun, Jin, and Jimin Advance to the Finals of ‘100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020’ 
BREAKING: Heung Min Son has been diagnosed with being the greatest Asian footballer of all time 
Asian restaurants after  and criticism by whiitezz: They’ve put chairs outside their entrance where the customer can sit and wait for their order. The employees will open the entrance leave the bag on the chair and you pay with paypal. And leave right away.
Greatest PL team ever Opele said Minamino was the best Asian player in the premier league Firmino is a better baller than Berbatov Van Dijk is the greatest defender of all time the  All these nonsense came to an end Thank You Atletico
Unfortunately, i feel sorry for all Asian people and how many ppl are reacting towards them just for the asian Physiognomy. China now is supporting Italy to recover from #COVID19 China is trying to help the world and fast. Where are others? Respect 
western stans acting brave when western artists only win western award. but bts out here winning both western and asian awards. they’re not ready for that conversation yet.
(Forwarded) Two months ago when the #COVID19 outbreak in #China became out of control, Asian countries who have had experience of SARS, decided not to follow #WHO’s advice, because they have repeatedly failed us during the SARS period and obviously during the COVID19 
why does kpop stans wants to kiss locals ass so bad? THIS IS RACISM WE ARE TALKING ABOUT. did you suddenly forget the people you stanning are asian?? dipshits.
Virat Kohli as Test Captain Test Series Win in WI. Test Series Win in SL. Test Series Win in AUS. Test Match Win in ENG. Test Match Win in SA. Only Asian Captain! (2015 - 2018) Only Fours Years Mid Time! No Doubt India's Best Test Captain Ever.! 
Asian Age. As PM Modi seeks SAARC Nations to join in fighting #coronavirus he must 1st heal political divide at home. Polarisation in liberal democracies is a global trend as per Fukuyama’s book Identity. We must end Islamophbia at home.  …
This one goes out to all my fellow asian americans 
It’s funny because I just had a couple of African American people put there shirts up to their nose and run away from me just bc I’m Asian. It’s both ways.
Kashmir, 1945 Source : Digital South Asian Library 
Myanmar's government is doing some truly heroic mental gymnastics to insist it's almost the only Asian country without Covid-19. Appeals to cultural virtues, absurd denials of the evidence, threats to prosecute "fake news" - I'm getting ferocious deja vu  
mnet asian music awards 2020 via skype 
Stocked up on my essentials. FYI, Asian markets still have plenty of food and supplies 
He didn't realize the News Anchor he interrupted was of Asian decent before he started his tirade, so made sure to clarify: "The Chinese did everything right." 
reminder: if youre not black, you cant say nigga. if youre black and you let your non-black friends say it, youre disgusting. if youre asian, you still cant say it. if your hispanic, you still cant fucking say it. if youre white, im not even gonna get started. just stop.
also go to asian markets! it sounds like they still have plenty of supplies and support your local asians in this trying time  …
"Of course, you can always start teaching English to Asian children" bro wtf
Sheepdog's,Coronavirus Panic Reaching New Levels As Gun Sales SOAR In Asian-American Communities Over Fear of Attacks! Plz RT & Comments R  #TrumpN2020 #Kag2020 #IFBP 100% #209acemaga45  … via @en_volve
Worldwide iTunes Song Chart #1 Sweet Night Sweet Night is the first Asian OST to get #1 in the WW iTunes Song Chart. #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
mom: hey can you move your car? it's blocking mine. me: mm? are you.. going somewhere? mom: yes I'm going shopping me: what? absolutely not! mom: aiya! it's fine me: just tell me what you want, I'll get + disinfect it for you I've  the asian mom to my asian mom #aiya
Eliot Engel & Brad Sherman are both Zionists & big supporters of Israel. Why does this Sikh stooge of Islamists, & South Asian Sunni Islamists beg Zionists for help? Why do you namak harams pretend to be anti-Zionist to Arabs but then beg Zionist Jews for aid?  …
London 2020 This is what Sadiq Khan has encouraged. A lawless city with groups of black and Asian men attacking each other with crowbars and knives (and sometimes guns). This is out of control. And is not solved by a few ping pong tables in  centre. 
the fact that my mom is having my dad and i go to the stores instead of her since we don’t look asian (my dad is hispanic & i don’t look as asian as my brother, we’re mixed ) so people “won’t be rude to us” is just sad... 2020 and racism still exists?
Asian can get it 
A lot of "please eat at Asian restaurants" cope on facebook. 
If there's an Asian or Indian grocery in your city and you haven't visited, you're missing out! Great prices and items you can't get elsewhere. Asian markets have FRESH local tofu, rice, & cheap nori. Indian markets have cheap hot samosas & too many other vegan foods to list.  …
An older woman in front of me demanded her zinger box get remade because her cook was Asian. When I tried to inform her how irrational that request was, she turned and sneered, “are YOU Chinese?” I replied, “no, but your ugly-ass knockoff purse is.” Shut your racist asses up.
How three ASIAN DEMOCRACIES on the FRONTLINE — Taiwan, Hong Kong & even South Korea — effectively MANAGED the EPIDEMIC threat... WITHOUT LOCKDOWN!  …
Laugh if you want, But Tool releasing their first album in 14 years titled “Fear Inoculum” months before a global pandemic is insane. The title track opens with Asian-sounding drums and discusses a contagion, being infected,  the “fear” and then watching it fade away.
I find it ironic that people in my fb from uk kept looking down on war struck countries, judging Asian countries for being dirty etc. but went wild in the grocery with corona. I can honestly say Filipinos “kahit poor sila” take a bath always and at least didn’t fight sa grocery.
When white people move in the neighborhood they call the cops on the black/latinx/asian families doing the same shit lol  …
I don't think you should go to your local Asian grocery store for supplies if you were out here being racist to Asians about Coronavirus in the first place. You made that racist bed, now die in it.
#Pakistan agrees to talk regional Covid-19 strategy after #Modi calls for cooperation, ending 4-year hiatus with South Asian bloc #coronavirus  
"The irony is that, to influence behavior, easygoing Italy has now suspended personal freedoms to a far sharper degree than Asian democracies." Great piece on how countries with two of the biggest outbreaks beyond China coped. @timothywmartin 
Tfw you have an ethnically homogenous neighborhood, making this possible. Imagine if they were alll different races? Some blak some middle eastern, some Asian, some white. Would never happen. Only racially homogenous places can enjoy this type of social cohesion.
GUYS DONT TELL THE RACIST PEOPLE ABOUT 99 RANCH MARKET OR LION SUPERMARKET OR ALL THE OTHER ASIAN SUPERMARKETS LET THEM SUFFER FOR THEIR INSTITUTIONALIZED RACISM
pros and cons of asian felix: pros: almost everything cons: if hes anything like me my eyelashes are practically nonexistent without primer and two layers of mascara and falsies and even then i just look like a "normal" "person" instead of a bald rat
Blk ppl have been impacted by Asian anti-blk racism for YEARS : the rudeness, beating the shit out of our women in nail shops, bullet-proof windows in take-outs & the hurry-up-&-buy attitude when we patronize your establishments. #COVID19 = last  …
Prediction: Asian Markets will be safer to shop at in the weeks  in US wearing masks is normal, and so your air space is more likely to be pathogen free than stores with no one wearing it you're less likely to get stabbed or shot
Protip especially for journalists: all this "look at what ____ Asian country is doing so well" chatter is laughable given the number of cases I personally know aren't being reported as corona cases even though they tested positive.
...on the street, in Costco, in Carnegie Hall, on NYU campus, on the subway, off the subway, by men, by women, for wearing masks, for not wearing masks, for being Asian, for being Chinese. I feel #Thisis2020 isn’t cut out for such rampant racism. #ThisIsNot1920
The sheer amount of verbal assaults my Asian friends recently received is fucking jaw-dropping. Nearly everyday someone  out with a new racist encounters they just had...
How convenient they keep the  and remove the Asian representative while #coronavirus is happening. Let’s talk @PopeyesChicken you got some explaining to  …
In 20 years there will be a Oscar winning movie called “Rona” and it’ll be about Mark Whalberg racing against the clock to find a cure for the coronavirus and in the end he succeeds and hugs his Asian wife (played by Scarlett Johansson)
The white boys that move to Korea/Japan and change their aesthetic to try and look as Asian as possible are absolutely demonic.
sorry for the typos + errors but anyways, armys mocking the og tweet by bringing up billi bc her brother supported it is NOT racist and do not weigh the same bc a white woman will NEVER face the same treatment / criticism asian people have to go thru on the daily bc of the virus
support your local Asian restaurants these store owners are struggling and deserve so much!! it’s not fair 
Being racist to Asian people who live in and were possibly born in the same country as you is racist, not xenophobic.
oh no people think im a big titty asian now... 
Corvid-19 Hack: Go shopping for supplies at Asian run businesses. Not even just the Chinese ones. Racists are stupid they don't know what's up. If anyone's gonna have stock it's the places that the panic buying idiots are avoiding. I found a face mask, humidifier, and face wipes.
To the beautiful  I will see you as clients. I know a lot of you are being exposed to unnecessary racism & I wanted you to know that not everyone feels this way.
the asian-owned bodega across from the street from me in DTLA is hella stocked  …
Do you know why Asian Paints trades at such a high PE being in  biz like paints? 5 year CAGR for market cap is 22.2%, means it doubles your money in 30 months So, you can decide yourself if the stock is expensive or cheap??
We went to Flushing tonight to support an Asian owned business. Many of the grocery stores and restaurants were empty. Please think about what you can do to support the Asian  right now.
Fake woke is hyping up Asian representation from Parasite but then two days later rting racist tweets towards Asians about the Corona virus
Is it racist if they removed the Asian dude from a  that’s been airing since, I dunno, the beginning of this year
Buy from Asian markets y’all  …
[Wuhan Hospital is still overcrowded, and patients in the ambulance are nowhere to be resettled.] Ambulance staff said that all hospitals are not accepting patients. They just went to 161 Hospital to be sent to Wuhan Asian Cardiology Hospital, but they are not accepted here. 
um.....did not expect this to blow up but my point still stands. southeast asian ppl have to deal with not only this virus but also have to face racism and discrimination. the social repercussions from this pandemic are NOT the same for asia and europe.
the representazn activism that blue check asian twitter has always been pushing has no real effect on actual racism that we face. crazy rich asians, fob, mulan, all just white products designed to make asian elites feel good about themselves for being part of white society. 
Yes! Do this! Shop Asian supermarkets, escape lines and  racism and help your fellow citizens!  …
by all accounts, he's not rich, but this is a thing he does often. once, he offered to send money to people to go see crazy rich asians as part of the big cultural movement that signified for asian ppl at the time. my friends and i were some of the people he sent money to! 
as a former directioner i have not forgotten the way the GP dragged them for being a dumb boyband devoted to only their teenage fanbase but NOW y’all using them as a crutch to hide your xenophobic feelings bc you can’t stand seeing asian ppl win......... y’all ain’t slick  …
The #coronavirus is orginated in #wuhan #china . Whats the problem. I am asian and I dont’t think it is racism lol.
Because people don't want to be "racist" they're doing dumb shit like hugging Asian people randomly. Can you literally not.
It’s disturbing that they know blk ppl R more likely than any other group 2make poverty wages but No-1 including the blk caucus has made any steps to fix the problem. Asian legislators immediately sprang N2 action to protect Chinese businesses as they should. No specifics 4us tho  …
It irks me when euro-centric fantasy settings can have grand vistas and diverse weather, but ethnic locales look either mundane or slapped on. Give me a winter wonderland Arabian city, Polynesian islands made of a crashed moon, a South East Asian rainforest themed maze crypt etc
Everyone boycotts Asian restaurant yet does nothing about Olive Garden
Fear of COVID-19 has racist implications, intentional or otherwise—and that includes the wide dismissal of Asian markets. If you find your market unable to fulfill your shopping needs b/c supplies are low, _visit an Asian marlet_. They’re stocked,  & need our support.
Asian supermarkets in the U.S. are full of food ... because Asians in the U.S. are terrified to go in them.  …
Also to mention: many of the cases outside of Asia aren't even Asian folks. It's John Smith who went on vacation or his business trip cuz they can afford to travel wherever the fuck they want. A lot of this is being spread by rich whites.
*hey, psst* If available, try local asian grocery stores for things you need but can’t get right now because of panic buying Most of the same people panic buying are at least casually racist, so asian groceries are currently much better stocked
During this pandemic, Sinophobia is widespread— last Friday at an Asian nail salon it was *EMPTY* I got my nails done, but . I also had to tell my mom to not believe WhatsApp messages saying you can get COVID-19 from Chinatown or Chinese food . STOP BEING RACIST. 
Support your local Chinese restaurants and Asian grocery stores. Saigon Market on Hawthorne got amazing produce and Dat Moi on Van Ness got the freshest seafood yall ever seen. Little Asia on Imperial always a hit, you'd think Mike Will made it.
Y’all know Jay is one of my favorite artists-singers period & my favorite Asian artist hands down next to Villain & Jessi. I think I’ma go ahead & put together a video about this man cause this hate train on him is crazy.. he can’t even breath without somebody losing their shit
We are better than this and we must be. It's not just one anecdote: incidents like this are happening across the country as racism cloaked in coronavirus fears strikes at the personal and physical wellbeing of Asian Americans. Defeating hate and #Covid19 means standing  …
U have no say on this matter because u don't have any idea of how much bull$hit we go through with yall western artist and how much bts is ignored and not properly recognized because everyone scared that an "Asian" band would take over the charts, yall can't see that happening
PLUS, and hear me out on this, the BEST ramyun. Shrimp chips. Asian fruits and veggies. Kimchi. Kimbap. Sūndae.
want to use an Asian country as a shining exam? TAIWAN IS YOUR ANSWER for gods sake read a newspaper and find out for yourself how badly the CCP botched its response. stop sucking up to China and let’s all get on the Taiwan Is Awesome bandwagon
Can we stop with the anti-Asian xenophobia now? As soon as they close the last #Covid_19 facility they are helping another country with equipment and experts - they must be exhausted yet are soldiering on. This is what humanism looks  …
Well, Asian and other minorities always experience "being the black sheep" everyday. Coronavirus or not, people still treat racism towards Asian as a joke. From the harmful representation on media to sneezing Asian got beatings from racist. All the time. It's not the same thing.
And many use “Asian people are racist too” as justification for this.
There is no excuse for racism. The rise in anti-Asian hate crimes and other discrimination linked to #COVID19 is extremely disturbing. Elected officials must immediately condemn all acts of hate against Asian and   …
White woman put her scarf over her face as soon as I stood next to her. Refused to get into the same elevator as me. Not gonna lie, being Asian during COVID-19 is weird
Idk about your city but I found the asian market in mine to be nice and stocked full of a lot of essentials and even with toilet paper
This is great. My neighbors and I all talked about this earlier in the week, and we have some great Asian grocers. Made sure to buy canned goods, soups, and the like.
Banks aren't lending bc we're black, investors aren't investing bc we're black, we're over-policed bc we're black, social systems are in decay bc we're black, Asian businesses exploit & extract  in  bc we're black. #Racism is our 400+ y/o virus.  …
Also, check out south Asian and asian stores  …
My local favorite Thai restaurant is suffering due to the prejudices brought with Covid-19. I was unfortunately surprised since it is Thai rather than Chinese. Then I remembered that Asian is Asian. Anyone in the ATL area, please help support this business.  – at Thai Restaurant Sandy Springs
“What we're seeing here is some of the growing pains of Hollywood wanting to be inclusive in terms of storytelling, and yet behind the scenes are not able or wanting to”—I was interviewed by ⁦ @kimmythepooh⁩ on the lack of Asian creators behind Mulan.  …
Aldi: Barren Trader Joe's: A Wasteland HMart: Stocked to the tippy top So head's up, if you're looking for stuff, check out your local Asian grocer. 
If any of you are hitting up a Korean or Asian market, GET ONE OF THESE! So delicious, can be mixed with soda water or hot water!! 
Portland people, the newish Asian market on foster/82nd has lots of rice, dried noodles, dumplings, SPICES, frozen fish, dried and canned beans, like, please, give trader Joe's and Safeway and Freddy's a break
You're afraid to go to Asian restaurants because you're a dumb bigot I get sanitizing wipes at normal price from the store run by a lovely Asian family down the street We are not the same 
The way I lost followers after telling people who follow just bc of my face and bc I'm Asian to get lost LMAO
Go to your local asian grocery store if you have one nearby! Asian businesses have been hit by covid-related racism lately and the one i went to today had plenty of food to go round
Help reduce the spread of rumors: Let people know that viruses cannot target people from specific populations, ethnicities, or racial backgrounds. Being of Asian descent does not increase the chance of getting or spreading #Covid_19.
not new to nsfw, I just need 420 followers lol (I’m close) ~lyn ~asian ~soft ~switch ~california ~2005 ~rt for moot, like for dm 
EXACTLY. it's only when there's an Asian person in the fancam
* Everybody wearing masks cause of the coronavirus * Asian transfer students: 
Also if I was working at an Asian grocery and a group of determined-looking white folks came in I'd be the fuck out of there so fast. You all think your presence in unusual-for-you places is seen as neutral, lol (it is not)
modern au shimei is the dream son in law every asian mother wants because he’s pretty, smart, well mannered and most importantly is a doctor
I keep seeing news about seniors ignoring the coronavirus precautions, but let me tell you... all the Asian American seniors I know have been following this news for 2 months and are way more prepped than any of us. They actually care about news from Asia.
I'll acknowledge that I'm extremely cranky at the moment but white people saying "go to Asian markets, there's no lines!! Also, this fights racism somehow" isn't hitting me the way it seems to be hitting others
this guy on the tube tonight told my asian friend to “stop speaking chinese” (he wasn’t) and says angrily “no chinese in england”. the sad thing is, i wasn’t that surprised. racism surrounding coronavirus seems  now. pls stop with the ignorance :/ 
This last week has been the most volatile week for the S&P 500 since 1989. The Coronavirus has given us more vol in a 5 day period than the Great Recession, Debt Crisis, Tech Bubble, LTCM, & the Asian Econ Crisis. Never let the market lull you to sleep. Always manage your risk. 
There are simply just too many South Asian Americans on the wrong side of things for me to not think this is an individual thing.  …
if you can’t find what you’re looking for in a big chain grocery store, seek small local markets for some essentials. Now, more than ever those small businesses need the  Especially Asian markets that have taken a hit due to xenophobia and blatant racism.
Everyone is loving the shit out of Italians singing and making music on their balconies, but Australians love detached housing and boring suburban life. It's the DENSITY that makes European and Asian cities vibrant. You can't tambourine or opera alone on a quarter acre block.
“Right now, we've seen particularly troubling instances of discrimination directed at  particularly in  de Blasio said. 
if you need food go to your local Asian market, it's most likely really well stocked and calm
Like the Democratic party running two old white guys after it got rid of the gay guy, the black guy, the black woman, the one real and one fake Mexican, the fake Indian, a Jewish guy and the Asian guy while ignoring that there's a Samoan woman still in the race?  …
if asian people tell you something is racist, offensive to their culture, or xenophobic you have no right to tell them they’re wrong or overreacting.
remember when wayv performed at mama 2019, the only chinese group their, won best new asian artist and performed with no props just themselves and the stage and went viral on literally all forms of social media, yeah thats the tweet 
im sick of asian racism being seen as a joke, ppl calling asians ching chong or referring to our language as so is racist and fkn annoying. or saying we all look the same, we all eat dog/cats. THIS IS NOT FUNNY no1 should have the right to tell asians how to feel about such jokes
Tested out a theory by going down to H-Mart (Asian leaning grocery chain). They had everything- fully stocked! Irrational Racism FTW
Sweden 19:10 bus 502 from Karlskoga to Degerfors. A young Black boy coughs and the bus driver calls the police on him to be removed off the bus. Yes anti-asian racism has increased which is inexcusable but Black bodies are policed 365 days a year  …
Y’all have never been in Asian households and it shows. Majority of Asian cultures don’t even allow outside shoes in their homes and wear slippers at all times inside. They among the cleanest I know. Keep your xenophobia off my TL.  …
Plenty of Asian food left. Thanks, racism! 
Just went to my local Asian/Latin Market and shelves look good, I am stocked with dumplings and ready to make char siu bao, ramen, o arroz con pollo!
giveaway for a signed copy of The Kingdom of Back by Marie Lu to enter RT  with an anticipated 2020 release by an Asian author open to int'l. ends March 15 at 11:59 pm Central Time 
ABC's world collapses: Some Asian women want whiter skin. The ABC says "respect women's choices and autonomy in life", until this happens. Then it wants to control their skin lotions, branding Asian women 'racist'  … via @ABCNews
Constantly joking and associating the C/oronavirus with BTS is racist. The virus started in China and spread GLOBALLY. Yet it’s the one mainstream Asian act, and Asian ppl in the general public around the world, used as the face of the virus’ and the butt of the joke
why whenever armys speak up about xenophobia kpop stans always got sum’n to say....we both stan asian artists but our concerns aren’t valid cause it’s bts....what that all about
If you need groceries, I really  this. The Asian market here had shelves stocked full of everything and tons of fresh veggies and fruits, and it was such a peaceful shopping experience. Definitely worth a try!! (And you might hear @BTS_twt music playing, so...plus  …
Okay! So you wanna go grocery shopping, and you want to support your local Asian grocer, but you don't really know where to start? Let me take you on a tour of my favorite Chinese pantry goods, from which may spring many, many meals. Let's start with MUSHROOMS
Kim Seok Jin advances to the final round of Starmometer's 100 Asian Heartthrobs poll! He got a whopping 1.4 Million votes! (WOW) Congratulations to #JIN and thank you to all who participated. #BTS #Seokjin #진 #방탄진 #방탄소년단진 #ジン #金碩珍 @BTS_twt 
My job is canceled for the next two weeks Please help feed me  me for a narration you can hear samples here:  And request here:  … (Also, please support your local Asian restaurants too!!)
An older woman in front of me demanded her drink get remade because her barista was Asian. When I tried to inform her how irrational that request was, she turned and sneered, “are YOU Chinese?” I replied, “no, but your ugly-ass knockoff purse is.” Shut your racist asses up.
When the little asian girl at costco sneezes on me 
if you're stockpiling and everything around you is out of stock, try going to ur local chinese/asian grocery store because people are still too racist in a panic to want to step foot in there. the 99 ranch i went to had a ton of hello kitty toilet paper
Today I went to my local Asian market and replenished my pantry with a bunch of delicious things I can only get there, instead of joining the hordes currently cleaning out Publix. Can't do much  the stupidity and racism out there, but at least I can do this!
Stops dictating to people about being mad. It’s not funny. Equating them to the virus because they are Asian isn’t a joke. Insinuating that thousands of us would only care about the cure would be if the boys were infected isn’t a joke. It’s in bad taste
Go to the Asian food markets if you need food, shelves still stocked. People are cleaning out the other markets.
we're in the middle of a situation that has made asian people even more vulnerable to racism and mockery and you decide to laugh and play along? then you're either very insensitive, very stupid or just don't care at all
casual racism against asian people is so normalized people don’t know what actual jokes are
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be lesbian its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it is NEVER okay to think Carson Wentz is better than Dak Prescott
trump has cut the microphones for an asian reporter and a black reporter, both women. he also cut the mic for a white man.
Friendly tip: For ppl standing in long lines among empty shelves at Costco, Trader Joe’s, etc. your local Asian grocery store may still be well stocked (ours was). Bonus: you get to support local businesses that may be dealing w racist ripple effects of coronavirus fears. 
there’s an interesting subtle bit of irony bouncing around when we talk about needing to support Asian run businesses in light of the crisis when in  those same businesses are notoriously anti-Black and hostile to Black patrons
Coronavirus jokes that use Asian people as the punchline are never funny. We have been seeing the very real effects the stereotypes have had on them, let’s not feed into that. 
same ppl that celebrated parasite breaking barriers in the west and having asian representation will make racist virus-related remarks about bts
If you have an HMart or a privately owned Asian market in your area, go go go. I'm making a trip this weekend and took tomorrow off work.  …
there are plenty of artists with dedicated fandoms but the tweet decided to connect a pandemic that has encouraged a wave of racism towards asians to the biggest mainstream asian act. even more tone deaf when you consider bts stans have already donated $500k to fight covid19
It has been reported to me that some of our students of Asian descent have been targeted with  I condemn this behavior. There is never a place for racism in  – or bigotry toward any person or group. We must unite to defeat this virus! #COVID19
If an Asian tells you smth is racist to Asian ppl maybe idk listen to them?
do white people have only one joke about asian people
if you usually shop at the metro at college & shaw, whose shelves i hear are empty, the two little asian grocers just up the street are stocked full of all the dried goods and beautiful produce you could need. don't be racist, give them your money. #COVID19toronto
I know you are seeing this @finneas the least u can do is apologize and raise awareness about online bullyin and racist insensitive jokes against Asian Artists :)
Can’t believe I’m saying this but don’t throw BTS’ name in for a “joke” about covid-19. Using 7 Asian men as the butt of your joke about a virus that has  another tool to justify racism & prejudice against Asians is NOT ok by any means.
fuck this, please go get your quarantine groceries from a 99 Ranch now (or any Asian grocery store where there are no lines and still a lot of ramen as of this morning)  …
Call me insensitive or whatever but I hope whatever thing they have as a goal goes down. I mean if they can make jokes about them publicly, god knows what else they have said in private? How many jokes, regardless it’s about them, Asian people, nasty people
And no I don't actually want her to get it and no I don't think it's funny. But if he thinks it's okay to say this about Asian artists he should have the same energy for this kind of tweets about white artists
stop telling white ppl to shop at asian supermarkets instead they don’t deserve this information. wallahi if they start stockpiling my frozen parathas i’ll throw hands
Does your empathy not extend to Asian people?
Yo if you’re trying to avoid lines and panic hit up some of these Asian and Latino markets in Baltimore. A lot of the Asian stores are empty cause’ racism.
Stop associating Asian people w/ the virus.
Oh to go grocery shopping in an Asian super market in Texas suburbia with little to no lines because of racism. Support your local Asian super markets y’all. 
"Stay healthy and empathetic" unless it's an asian group? 
Actually, this practice started in Japan, based on an idea between government officials and Western doctors, as a way  the 1918 flu pandemic and became culturally ingrained in Asian culture over the last 100 years.
this is why nobody  twitter op is asian and happy about rep and then a white  along and calls them “ignorant” for not knowing about agents of shield get people to fall in love with daisy johnson and melinda may don’t say stupid shit like this 
And don’t start telling us it’s not an insult towards bts but a joke abt how dedicated fans are. We’ve seen all the attacks towards Asians multiplying lately bc of the virus. Associating the #1 mainstream asian act with the virus is not fckn cute.
ah yes, stay empathetic but not when  to making coronavirus jokes about asian artists, got it!
Same as Trump, fox&republicans calling it Chinese flu&other Asian flu names.racist all 3
The only place that has toilet paper in the county is H-Mart, the Korean/East Asian grocery store. Amazon is out. Wegmans is out. I'd have to drive 30-40 minutes to the next county over to maybe find some in stock. But Asian grocers? Got it. Because people are racist. #COVID19
stay empathetic unless the target is an asian group with a big fanbase, yup, let’s crack distasteful jokes it’s not like they had to cancel concerts too or been working for months on their performances and can’t even have an audience bc of the virus. but haha bts stans r crazy! 
I shaved. Couldn’t quite go whole hog & risk looking like a 10y old boy. Most importantly: passed FFP3 mask fit test (resit)! Comments incl: Freddie Mercury, all my Indian uncles, Asian Hitler (bit harsh), bellboy from Grand Budapest Hotel #shave4COVID #COVID19 
Asian Food Tip: Buy Kimchi. It's delicious. It's good for you. It'll make a bland dish or soup really pop. Most sold in the area is made locally. ... and, it's gotten Koreans through a thousand years of hardship, suffering, and oppression. Definitely a plus for our times. 
LA!! while you all post pictures of empty shelves at ralph's and trader joes, let me suggest supporting asian american markets that are stocked up and very much in need of your business!!!  …
NOW THE ASIAN COMMUNITY IS WORRIED ABOUT RACISM? WHY NOW WHEN OTHERS SUFFERED THROUGH IT YOU TURNED A BLIND EYE! I THINK YOU SHOULD KEEP THAT SAME ENERGY!!  …
I went to my local Asian market in Astoria yesterday, they had tons of supplies, the real Japanese Ramen packs etc! Go!  …
Donald Trump has focused on coronavirus being a foreign problem, and his party has insinuated it is explicitly a Chinese problem. Asian-Americans have been subjected to racist violence. And Republicans are blocking paid sick leave in the Senate.  …
This! My local Asian market was actually quite busy but way less so than other stores I passed to get there, and they were pretty well stocked with almost everything  …
My local Asian market is awesome, and well stocked. Find yours  …
So sad that my dad doesn’t want me going out because he has seen how many death threats Asian people are getting. Fuck you racist assholes
Our local asian markets, in particular, have not been busy. Get those big bags of rice and flats of ramen packets, folks.
No one: Asian boys at weddings:  …
New York City police are investigating at least 3 suspected anti-Asian hate crimes. Gov. Andrew Cuomo, addressing one of the incidents, said it was apparently motivated by a "bigoted notion" about the coronavirus. 
imagine being a pro-asian activist telling asian women they’re not asian anymore for dating non-asian men, all i hear is pee pee poo poo 
A friend -- an Asian American woman -- just went back to work at her hospital  off maternity leave. She came into contact with a suspected CV case her first day back. Now is self-quarantining for minimum 14 days and her newborn is with her parents. This is awful.
It's ridiculous that people are avoiding Asian restaurants and stores. Unless they're selling pangolin it's no riskier than any other place. Actually, if the store is deserted, it's lower risk...
" @BolanleMartin: Can you imagine what these Kenyans are doing to these Asian tourists?! @Gidi_Traffic #CoronaOutbreak 
our times (2015) 11/10 would  favorite  of age film that tackles mutual pining elegantly follows the story of lin truly reminiscing her first love hsu taiyu raised the bar way too high 4 all men dethrones crazy little thing called love (2010) 
I'm Asian. Tho I'm not living where you are but ...thank you. For being a decent human being.
This bears repeating about the COVID-19 virus and should be repeated over and over: BLAMING CHINA AND CHINESE/EAST ASIAN PEOPLE FOR THE VIRUS IS RACIST
As far as I can tell the UK is ignoring the direct experience of East Asian countries, especially China, and instead relying on an untested and unproven model that draws upon crowd psychology, a super-dodgy field. Fair?
saw someone post the text conversation she had with a guy she'd gone on one date with onto the subtle asian dating fb group and the way this all went down.... damn she really DRAGGED HIM TF OUT. WHAT A QUEEN 
go to Asian supermarkets if you have to get groceries and get some delicious shrimp chips and noodles and great produce, and also check in with your roommates or neighbors and see if they need anything!  …
I recently discovered the joy of Asian market produce sections and it was like getting a glimpse of the promised land. So many kinds of garlic and onion!!
Asian ppl in the Bay Area mad about the xenophobia they experiencing from the coronavirus & somehow made it Black ppl’s fault by every post being “but y’all would get mad when we say nigga! monkeys!” y’all  at Latinos White ppl or the multitudes of xenophobic Asians
| Seven Asian Stars #AlHilal #AlHilal_Video @MOUJ_sa 
Lines are non-existent at a lot of Asian supermarkets right now, and they could use some help. Fight xenophobia while not standing in line for 40 minutes! 
My ongoing effort to write about @BTS_twt + #BTSARMY has me reading across disciplines + my own lived experience, along w that of my ARMY daughter. I'm moving between  education, fandom + participatory culture, Asian Studies, and critical race studies.
A Freind in Need - This article showcases a FB group I am a part of dedicated to helping Asian restaurants in Seattle and the International District in particular.  …
Knowing that Baekhyun is preparing/recording for his next solo is already the BEST WHITE DAY GIFT (화이트데이) for the fans... @B_hundred_Hyun // Today is WHITE DAY/ 화이트데이 in some Asian countries including Korea and it's currently trending%^ 
I guess you want to retroactively rename the Spanish Flu and Asian Flu pandemics too. Maybe even offer reparations.  …
there’s a difference btwn your gf just now losing clients cuz all of europe is in disarray and my asian mother and the entire asian salon losing business since news of the virus began in JANUARY and media framed asian ppl as the problem, you dense shit-slurper  …
In recent weeks, Bible Study Fellowship (BSF) opted to hold meetings exclusively online in many Asian countries. This means 35,000 participants—1 in 4 of whom are over 60 years old—are now tuning in to their Scripture discussions and lectures via Zoom  …
Two Irishmen arrested for smuggling “Asian” migrants into the UK 
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be lesbian its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it is NEVER okay to think Lil Uzi is better than Travis Scott
The ONE time a gay magazine features queer Asian Americans is for when PRIDE is cancelled due to coronavirus.  …
Sweet Night is the asian OST with the most #1s in the history on iTunes  … #SweetNightOST #SweetNightByTaehyung
When is it my turn to be the token Asian republican.  …
Sweet Night has the most #1 for an Asian OST song on iTunes. #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
WE DID IT!!!!! #JIN won the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round Level 3 poll with a 43K lead #방탄소년단진 #BTSJIN 
The sushi burger at The Low-Key Poke Joint chain is your Asian fusion  true 
My Portfolio -1  allocation.(Update) Insurance basket 15% Bajaj Twins 12%* Kotak Bank 6%* HDFC Twins 10% Reliance 5% Pidilite 5% Asian Paints 5% Nestle 5% ITC 5% 3M 3% Britannia 3% Page 3% Honeywell 2% Siemens 2% SBI Cards 2%(IPO) Cash 17%
i got thai food for lunch and the restaurant owner said no one has  in lately the xenophobia in this country is real loud these days. if you can, i highly  you eat at your local asian restaurants in these dark times to show your support
idk who needs to hear this rn but if u need supplies and ur local stores dont have it, go to an asian supermarket. they need the support and the crazy racist people won’t be there, it’s a win-win
To #Woke Idiots (redundant), More obviously racist pandemic disease names... Spanish Flu Asian Flu Hong Kong Flu BTW: Lou Gehrig's disease wasn't Lou's fault, & Alois Alzheimer didn't cause...I forget. #Wuhan #WuhanFlu #WuhanVirus #WuhanCoronavirus #COVID19  …
Thank god for my local Asian supermarket 
Support ur local asian market // corner store // takeout joint // soup spot // etc. now more than ever please!!! 
On this date in 1948, Larry Kwong became the first #NHL player of Asian descent when he played his first and only game with 
But I want to remind everyone that we are all in this together. The coronavirus doesn’t care if you’re black, white, Asian, Latino, Native American, Democrat, Republican, or whatever you may be. It doesn’t care if you came from China, Italy, or France. We must all stick together.
Wow, Asians sure went from "we  about racism like those blacks" to "this anti-Asian racism needs to stop!" Really quickly.
How strange that there’s a renaissance of Asian American literature during a pandemic when anti-Asiannness has spiked. Here are 3 amazing books I’m reading:Interior Chinatown by ⁦ @charles_yu⁩, Days of Distraction by ⁦ @alexandra_chang⁩ & New Waves by ⁦ 
Casual racism in my local Co-Op ‘What awful times. I was in Tesco yesterday & two Asian women had their trolleys stacked up with toilet rolls So selfish’ Me ‘I was in Waitrose where almost everyone is white and they were clearing the shelves of pretty much everything’ Walked out
Here's the piece I was talking about on the @StephMillerShow show, talking about how @realDonaldTrump's response is based on xenophobia and not science, and how his bigoted dog-whistling is threatening Asian   …
Do Asian democracies have an advantage over Western democracies when  to fighting pandemics? Different social contracts, different recent experiences... A tale of two countries, South Korea and Italy, by @timothywmartin and me  … via @WSJ
Recognizing my privilege. I am not in the at risk population for #COVID19. I am not Asian American. I do not regularly attend worship services. I do not have children. I will be fine. Every choice I make during this time is about supporting those who need it. #StrongerTogether
The @IAF_MCC and @airindiain evacuated a total of 723 Indians, 37 foreign nationals from Wuhan. 119 Indians and 5 foreign nationals from Japan. 58 Indian pilgrims from Iran. Total: 900 Indians and 48 foreign nationals. India is supporting fight against COVID-19 in South Asian
Lmao looks like everything good has  to an end lmao My family is literally forcing me to work for free for them or they would disown me and ruin my name and they want me to stop drawing because its "not a great occupation to showoff to people" Asian parents everybody!
Orange County — we are better than this. Racism and Xenophobia directed at our Asian American neighbors is unacceptable and dangerous.  …
During @seanhannity interview on Thurs, @SenTomCotton warned against trusting Joe Biden, to handle U.S. policy with regards to China, especially in the midst of a coronavirus threat that emerged from the  nation. via  …
I was interviewed by @marianliu on why a whitewashed version of #Parasite triggers the feeling among Asian Americans of being excluded and othered.  
After doing everything to subvert #SAARC as a South Asian forum, good still to see Modi wake up to the needs of regional cooperation in a world where borders don’t wait for challenges to overrun populations. SA is at risk not just by pandemics, but by climate stress. #wakeupcall
Due to concern for our vulnerable loved ones during this COVID-19 pandemic, we regret to announce we're cancelling our  appearance at Breakout Con. But you can't transmit C-19 through Twitch, so we'll be streaming our panels on Asian themes in #TTRPG! Stay tuned.
Also, if you are having trouble finding food in major supermarkets, Springdale has a ton of smaller Latinx/Asian markets that will have home supplies as well.
Coronavirus is not a reason for anyone to be racist towards Asian.
𝗟𝗔𝗦𝗧 𝟮 𝗛𝗢𝗨𝗥𝗦 STARMOMETER 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 1. Jin - 1,288,449 2. - 1,280,577 GAP: 7,872  …  …
Happy #FoodieFriday! Let's celebrate the weekend with deliciousness from your kitchen and what could be better than my Asian Style Beef and Broccoli? I promise it will bring smiles to your dinner table! Get the printable recipe here->  #beef 
You have to hand it to Macron--he has just said that Covid-19 is the worst thing to hit France for 100 years. Has he missed WW1, Spanish Flu, WW2 Asian flu, & being taken over by Islam ?? I can see why he is worried though, as his Mrs is in the "Age Frame" --Eh ??
The former head of Medicare under Obama is calling for mass testing for COVID-19 in the US, following what Asian governments have done. The UK is alone in its decision to abandon widespread testing.  …
please support your local asian restaurants/businesses! go and buy quick takeout everyday. it will make them so happy. please, this fear of asians is so heartbreaking. they have family in china who are infected and they need money to send them supplies. i'm begging you all.
#America1st #VoteRedToSaveAmerica Fake Media Want You To Believe This Its Not True Asian Americans Protecting Themselves With #2A4Life Asian Americans facing racism over coronavirus fears are buying guns in droves Vote #Trump2020  …
This is such a good idea! It’s heartbreaking how Asian restaurants/markets are suffering so much for literally the most ignorant reason
The libs haven’t been this vocal about “Asian Xenophobia” since FDR interned the Japanese Americans- wait.
STARMOMETER 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 VOTING: unlimited 1. Jin - 1,252,216 2. - 1,244,624 GAP : 7,592  …  …
tb to the asian lady who would knock on the door the real mvp movie dealer  …
Possibly the most tragic but illustratively ironic  of #DatRona in the U.S. is these fear-driven xenophobic racists quietly clearing the shelves of Chinese herbal shoppers of allllll the TCM virus-fighting herbs by the caseload...but avoiding Asian restaurants.
Coffee leaf rust is the most economically significant coffee pest in the world, but Asian tramp snails can consume large amounts of it 
2 interesting devps: - fmr Jammu & Kashmir Chief Minister & current MP Farooq Abdullah released from detention - Modi govt, which had essentially jettisoned South Asian Association of Regional Coop cuz of Pakistan, is now proposing #COVID19 action through it [watch this  …
STARMOMETER 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 VOTING: unlimited End: March 13, 2020 1. Jin - 1,220,443 2. - 1,215,998 GAP: 4,445  …  …
One of my friends' mom restaurant received a hate letter in UK. PLEASE know that not all Chinese are from mainland China. There are other chinese, like Southeast Asian chinese and so on. Don't be such a racist. I do hope his mom's restaurant is not attacked. She's old. 
If you need/are able to stock up on groceries, consider supporting your local Asian market instead of a Costco? Big bags of rice! All of the beans and lentils you could ever need. Boxes of seaweed. Miso paste. Tofu. Noodles up the wazoo.
criticizing china's response to the covid outbreak is fine; it seems like they took too long to take appropriate measures, surely affecting global spread. but tacking chinese things onto the name of the virus doesn't hold the CCP accountable, it gets asian-americans assaulted
There's going to be a global debate about whether to replace the handshake with the South Asian hands-pressed "namaste" greeting or the Middle Eastern right-hand-on-heart "salam" greeting
. @BTS_twt is now the 16th most viewed artist on YouTube  only Asian act in top 35 #BTSARMY #BestFanArmy #iHeartAwards
REMINDER Support your local Asian restaurants. If you don't want to go out -> food delivery. Support artists online. Reblog their content, buy from their shop,   a patreon. Be kind to retail workers. ALWAYS BE KIND and wash your hands. #Covid_19
Lancet, Oxford... and the Asian media has documented the evolution for two months. Take care health professionals are the needed ones now and the ones with greater exposure. Link to Asian media in January. Think about early triage and facility separation.  …
Zoonotic doesn’t necessarily mean they came from wildlife. Agriculture plays a huge role as well. I’d love to scream “it’s all these damn Asian poachers” but nah...
STARMOMETER 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Please vote for Jin as he’s currently in 2nd place 1. - 1,177,037 2. Jin - 1,173,133 GAP from #1 : 3,904  …  …
Tall Raymond Waites Vase Made for Toyo Trading Co., Black with Yellow Bird, Butterflies, Flowers, 14.25" Tall  … #vintageforsale #etsyseller #FridayFeeling #birds #butterfly #decor #Asian 
I dead ass just witnessed a white lady at Starbucks tell an ASIAN EMPLOYEE TO “KEEP THAT CORONA CRAP AWAY” LIKE???? DO KARENS NOT HAVE BRAINS ANYMORE ???
GIJN regrets to announce that we are canceling this year's Asian Investigative Journalism Conference #IJAsia20, which was slated for Oct 16-18 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The  after considerable work by GIJN staff & our great co-host @malaysiakini  
My buys for today in small quantities everything ended up in green, would call myself extremely lucky Axis Bank Asian Paints ITC TCS Britannia Infosys Bandhan Bank
Oh great another Asian thot is doing the "I'm a conservative now please enjoy these pictures with my tits out" bit. 
Covid-19 was brought to Ireland by young ones on a ski trip to Italy but that won’t stop The Guardian from using an Asian woman as the face of their story 
[ VOTING FOR JIN ] STARMOMETER 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 1. - 1,147,207 2. Jin - 1,146,470 GAP from #1 : 737  …  …
“Right now, we've seen particularly troubling instances of discrimination directed at  particularly in  de Blasio said. “This is unacceptable.” 
[ VOTING FOR JIN ] STARMOMETER 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 1. Jin - 1,137,825 2. - 1,13,487 GAP: 338  …  …
Handshake and Hug greeting are being replaced by the oldest South Asian greeting #Namaste due to #coronavirus safety. People from both countries India and Nepal are arguing “Namaste” greeting as the copyright of their own country. What do you think?
Volatile overnight in #markets gives way to a better tone this morning...at least for now. Several Asian indices turned to close higher; European stocks are bouncing; and US futures indicate a 700'ish point higher open (or up almost 4%). The yield on 10-yr Treasuries is up 10 bps  …
The government has mocked the concept of SAARC so many times, and hyped alternative formations so much, the big question remains whether the PM is serious about reviving the South Asian grouping this time. Would be a shame if false expectations are raised in the neighbourhood.  …
Sorry what? You’re not into Asian, Middle Eastern and Latino men ? That’s a shame for you and more for me nomnomnom
mostly parents didn’t understand their child, especially asian parents. you say friends is nothing. you don’t know what i been through during my hard time. you just busy with you career and business. who i have at the time? only a few friends a have when i through my hard time.
It's mad ironic seeing Asian  about racism because of coronavirus considering how racist a lot of them are themselves
Guys, what a week that felt like a month. Asian close today & markets are looking to next week already: *China data finally on 16 March 2020 - gonna be brutal but at least u were warned *Fed at 2am 19 March & markets off the chart w/ expectations (zero to be hero) *US Fiscal? 
Do not be alarmed by East Asian people wearing masks. Chinese people often wear masks as a matter of course, whether in China or elsewhere. They have done so for years - largely to deal with pollution. It's perfectly normal and you should absolutely not panic or worry.
Dumbasses be racist against asian people while it's rich white europeans on vacation that brought the disease everywhere.
#JIMIN is nominated in 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 poll. The current gap is less than 1k. Mass vote for him because the poll will end tomorrow. The vote is unlimited. If the website crash keep refreshing it. Check the thread for voting method.  …
PSA making glib jokes about Chinese people eating bats and broadcasting them on the internet ultimately leads to Asian people being racially abused and attacked. Don't do it, it's shit
Pleased to inform you that @SwordOpen's launched a petition asking @Twitter to forbid likening national symbols to hate symbols I know this likening has been made mainly by S.Koreans, not Asians in other Asian countries. Sign it if you agree with that  …
southeast asian internet game is ridiculously strong  …
COVIC-14 UPDATE: Western Sydney Wanderers are the only Australian team to win the Asian Champions League. 
i toured in 8 asian countries where the COVID19 actively was. i have nearly 500 hours on site experience of the East vs. West. if any news wants to have a semi-recognizabe rocker school you on how awful the West is handling  holler @CNN @greggutfeld @MSNBC @BBCWorld
[ VOTING FOR JIN ] STARMOMETER 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 VOTING: unlimited 1. Jin - 1,090,425 2. - 1,087,184 GAP: 3,241 (+2,006)  …  …
Prime Minister Narendra Modi: I would like to propose that the leadership of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) nations chalk out a strong strategy to fight Coronavirus. We could discuss, via video conferencing, ways to keep our citizens healthy.  …
A ton of stores still have a lot of vegan food available. Also check out Asian markets! People are avoiding them like crazy for racist reasons, so they are mostly fully stocked still.
Time to stop using random Asian peoples photos to  your #covid19australia articles and start using Dutton’s
I'm approached while taking Asian Studies Journal and he asked, "Do you need to be Asian to learn Asian studies?" Then I asked him, "Do you need to be Caucasian to be a racist?"
FOLLOWING PANDEMICS ALL ORIGINATED FROM CHINA: COVID-19 (2019) SARS (2003) HONG KONG FLU (1968) ASIAN FLU (1957) But Pelosi thinks it xenophobic, racist for us to refer to these pandemics as Asian related
Hisham Al Taher, General Secretary, Asian Chess Federation: As a precautionary measure, all events have been postponed until the end of June. Asian Amateur Chess Championship scheduled for this April in Muscat is postponed until further notice after the end of June. 
Asian central banks moved aggressively to soothe virus-rattled markets by injecting funds 
Remember when the  came out to support Peter liang when he shot akai Gurley in the hallway in BK? Remember they said it was wrong to convict and scapegoat Asians for killing a black Male when white officers had been getting away with it.  …
Sheepdog's, Asians attacked by idiots blaming them 4 Wuhan virus. Asians have been assaulted by ppl for being Asian. Asians R using their 2nd ammendment rights by buying guns.Thank God 4 the 2nd ammendment & how it applys to all Americans!  …
Find out why it was important to showcase ‘hot Asian masculinity' on  …
Kashmir is the living tragedy not only for the south asian region but for entire world. 
#iwilleatwithyou is a hashtag-movement that was started by people to get others to support chinese and asian businesses (restaurants)... it’s not something they personally came up with
In case you are an Asian and you do not want to be misrecognized as a chinese. #WuhanVirus #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak 
Yes this pandemic is frightening but it’s no excuse for the racism that clearly already exists in your heart. Be kind to people, we’re all in this together. Oh and blaming Asian people is just fucking ignorant.. like your ignorant racism.  …
Asian stocks continued to get hammered on Friday, following Wall Street’s worst trading day in more than three decades 
. @BTS_twt is now the 16th most viewed artist on YouTube They're the only Asian act in top 35 ( #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
[ VOTING FOR JIN ] STARMOMETER 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 1. Jin - 1,017,917 2. - 1,015,091 GAP: 2,826  …  …
Someone else is understanding the everyday experiences of being Black in America, especially when we venture into an Asian-owned store. Exhausting, isn’t it. 
now that kq has postponed ateez concert in europe,,, what if,,,,, they decided to add new dates,,, and,,,,,, also,, include,,, south east asian,, i am thinking
Tried to get food and the store is just empty. Except the Asian aisles. Stock up on Ramen, lads, people are fucking stupid.
Recap Thursday VIP VIP Fee R15 Overs goals Frankfurt game Overs goals United game Overs goals Wolfsburg Overs goals Rangers game Rugby League Parra ML Asian handicap 2.0 Many games have been cancelled but lots still on! Big weekend Betway 
Friends, check on your Asian American friends. If we’re friends, you can check on me. All the racist incidents in  right now are taxing. I’m tired. Pretty much all the time for the last 10 days. Making it with a lot  support but so tired.
Everyone else preparing for the pandemic by buying toilet paper and rubbing alcohol. Asian Americans preparing by buying brass knuckles and mace.
We can beat the epidemic while respecting rights. Some Asian countries, esp. Taiwan, are shinning examples in this difficult time which tests our values:  … Human rights = maximized overall well-being in society. END
The fact that emphasizing its point of known origin resulted in widespread acts of anti-Asian racism and muddied the waters on actual containment and prevention means we might think about not doing that with future outbreaks, even temporarily.
Hey guys, coronavirus isn’t a race.... So think a little before you discriminate against Asian people will ya? Thanks! -Some Asian Girl
$ubmit to me. Get on your knees and beg. I'm the Asian Goddess of your dreams and I want you to pray to me. $end to me. You can only find pleasure in sending to me . { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme 
“Right now, we've seen particularly troubling instances of discrimination directed at  particularly in  New York City Mayor de Blasio said.  - @NBCAsianAmerica
It's an Asian session where there's so much red on the screen you almost feel you could warm your hands with it. I can easily understand why a lot of NY traders are hoping circuit breakers will intervene and let them go home early for the weekend... 
USA has a lot of political dysfunction, but having lived in three Asian nations and studied others carefully as part of my career not at all convinced USA bureaucracy is the worst of the bunch. In my experience US bureaucrats often faaaaaar more responsive than Asian ones.
Taehyung's 'Sweet Night" OST for 'Itaewon class' will be out in march 13 @6pm KST! These will be our HASHTAGS: #.SweetNightOutNow #.SweetNightByTaehyung #.SweetNightOST #.우리의_SweetNight_태형 #.태형이의_단밤은_달콤해 Asian armys, we can do this! #SweetNightCountdown 
Among most Southeast Asian countries, the Philippines so far has the highest running mortality rate from COVID-19 at 9.62%. This is more than double the global average of 3.6% and higher than mainland China's 3.91%. Get live updates on #COVID19 here:  
even better go to the small family owned grocery stores, especially ones owned by Asian families, they could use the business and have everything in stock!!
my favorite moment from impromptu asian nigh. I wish all the seniors got the ending they deserved... 
Considering people are being such assholes to them lately, let's  together and support the  wherever you live. Help them keep the lights on and support their businesses because they've been unfairly affected by this.
Asian Woman Attacked In New York City Amid Spread Of Xenophobia Due To Coronavirus (COVID-19) Pandemic  …
Swine Flu 2009, a pandemic, killed half a million worldwide & over 1.2 lakh in US but less than 2600 in India, a minuscule ratio of population. In Asian Flu 1968 1-4 million died worldwide but Indian deaths were about 1500, writes Dr.Shah Alam in IE. Is it Indian immune system?
asian mom will use one for all. as long it still sharp  …
FOLLOWING PANDEMICS ALL ORIGINATED FROM CHINA: COVID-19 (2019) SARS (2003) HONG KONG FLU (1968) ASIAN FLU (1957)
As coronavirus spreads across the U.S., Asian Americans share how racism and microaggressions have, too. 
This is our favorite fast chinese food. We decided to stop and take it home after grocery shopping and a place that is usually PACKED  empty. This CV is harming so many businesses, especially asian run businesses. Please take the virus seriously, but don’t be racist 
please go support asian owned restaurants this breaks my heart  …
Global wipeout: Asian stocks deepen fall over virus panic  
Even discounting Pakistanis, China now attracts as many South Asian students as India. Will this affect Indian soft power in the neighbourhood? How can Delhi increase educational connectivity to win hearts and minds? I write with Aakshi Chaba in HT:  
2020 will go down as the BIG AMERICAN FREAKOUT thanks to anti-Trump MSM overhyping COVID-19. Here is some perspective: The Hong Kong Flu killed 34,000 in the US in 1968-69 The Asian Flu killed 70,000 in the US in 1957-58
Well there was that whole FDR putting Asian Americans in concentration camps thing...  …
FYI, your stupider breed of hoarder is also racist, so if you need pantry essentials, check your local Asian grocery
Japan's Nikkei 225 plunges 10%, many regional markets down about 7% as Asian shares extend coronavirus panic selling. 
GDHDHDHDDHJD they have the highest case of covid outside china... idk if it's pure ignorance or yall just selective towards asian ppl
I mean FDR’s answer to the Pearl Harbor Virus was to forcefully Quarantine a few thousand Asian Americans but you do you.  …
nb moots pls read these (the first one says asian americans, but the message works for all nb people)  …  …  …
Hot tip: all the Asian grocery stores still have toilet paper and ramen
Hey do me a favor: the next time you see an Asian person coughing in public, and you just CAN’T fucking mind your  straight to me with your concerns so I can spit in your mouth
"Conditions are prison like" *shows a picture of the average southeast asian housing  …
Corona is highly targeted to the Asian lung, specifically to ace2 receptors. It’s a bioweapon that stopped the HK protestors & provided a smoke screen for  collapse of the global banking system. It’s an orchestrated tool to stop global movement & facilitate Awakening!
the coronavirus doesn’t give you the excuse to be racist towards literally any Asian you see
many asian restaurants are family run or staffed by immigrants who already struggle to support themselves. racism surrounding the #coronaviruspandemic is going to make it even harder for them. please use this thread to boost asian restaurants in need of #restaurantsupport!
If you are looking for toilet paper, disinfectant wipes, food & other supplies, give some love to our Asian grocery stores. No lines, DH just got TP (1pkg, cause we need it), wipes & some groceries. #yeg #yegtoiletpapersighting
My heart hurts my whole family works in small asian businesses and it’s the only source of  we have and people stopped showing up to asian businesses bc of the virus, so many places are suffering this is so fucked up. please go out and support your local asian businesses
the amount of sinophobia & racism im hearing about is heartbreaking and devastating... please order and support asian restaurants...
Asian markets braced for deeper rout as virus panic worsens  
Serious thread. Having lived in Asia for more than a decade now and travelling to Europe and the US one thing struck me about how each side viewed risk. By and large, Chinese and emerging Asian countries closely linked to China did not ever about the possibility of financial 1/n
Just so we’re clear, racism against Asian Americans didn’t just start happening now because of the coronavirus or COVID-19. United States history is full of examples that reflect racism against Asians. It’s not new. Most people have just ignored it, denied it, or normalized it.
Will someone be asking her what she meant exactly when she said "bow Asian style." earlier today? I was waiting to hear what @AaronBlake thought of it but he never tweeted about  …
Enjoying an excellent family dinner at Grand House in OKC’s Asian District! 
IAF also evacuated 58 Indian pilgrims from Iran on the 10th of March. Total: 900 Indians and 48 foreign nationals. 4. India is leading the fight against COVID-19 in the South Asian region, offering diplomatic, humanitarian and medical assistance to its neighbours.
As #coronavirus spreads, this student in the U.K. is working to raise awareness of racism faced by the  in the West 
please go support your local Asian markets, all the ones I’ve been in are fully stocked up on all the things other grocers are out of now. you’ll be able to get essentials and support  of people really unfairly affected by this
There you go antis You got exactly what you wanted Patreon now considers anything anime to automatically be seen as child/minor/underage despite being the contrary since its fictional & fucking RACIST to assume anything asian = porn & underage Way to fucking go antis  …
[ VOTING FOR JIN ] STARMOMETER 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 VOTING: unlimited End: March 13, 2020 Jin - 906.825  
Well, some idiot just yelled at me on the freeway "thanking" me for the coronavirus because I'm Asian American, so that's doing wonders for my social anxiety. If any non-bigots want to send supportive GIFs, I'd appreciate it. Sort of feel like shit right now.
"[Germany estimating 70% infection rate] suggests, in sharp contrast to East Asia, they don't plan to take reasonable and sufficient steps East Asian countries have taken. If they have such a reckless intention it could leave far more dead in Europe than in China." ~ @NickSzabo4
Hearing that my Asian brothers and sisters are thinking about getting guns to defend themselves due to hate involving COVID 19 BY ALL MEANS DO THAT
Africans, take all the necessary precautions against Coronavirus. Don’t fall for that silly hoax that you are genetically immune to the disease. You are as vulnerable as any Caucasian or Asian from Aberdeen to Zhaodong. You don’t want to experiment with possible death, trust me.
get in loser we’re going to support asian owned businesses
This week feels like the turning point in public perception of the #coronavirus pandemic in U.S. Have we finally moved on from various denial stages vs #COVID19? 1) It's only in China! 2) It's just an Asian thing! 3) It's just another flu! 4) It only kills old people! 
Guy on Jeopardy just answered a "Before & After" question with "What is a Slant Eye Exam", which was wrong-then the Asian contestant next to him nailed it with "Side Eye Exam", and I cringed so hard for the dude.
Today, I was proud to stand with many leaders in our  to speak out against xenophobia and anti-Asian racism in the wake of #Covid_19. In particular, many small businesses have been hit particularly hard by the 
I really really want to drop kick every person I see suddenly breathing through their scarves like a mask when they see Asian people on public transport. Hope you get coronavirus ya racists.
our family is trying our best recently to order from asian places <:-) like we order regularly but now it’s like we’re dedicating to help businesses that are suffering bc of racism especially in this province of mine
Mexico state-owned  Pemex reveals it hedged 2020 #oil exports via Asian-style put options spreads (with protection starting at $49 a barrel for the Mexican export basked — trading now at ~$25 a barrel).  hedged 234,000 b/d, it said in separate report | 
Damn how embarrassing for both parties, is it appropriation or not? I’m assuming they thought it was a case of Asian appropriation which I don’t feel I have the right to say is true or not. 
Donate MONEY to you local food bank, women's shelter and homeless organization. Don't buy rice at Trader Joe's (Key Food and Asian supermarkets will be much cheaper). Listen to  …
Yes I just bought a ton of pasta, 20 cat food things, two chocolate bars and $80 worth of beans. Don't tell me what's a rumor or not. I don't care. Get out of the way of my old Asian lady shopping cart. Friends, it's gonna be a windy quarantine
This also supports Asian businesses hard hit by the same fear-triggered racism. Thank you and hopefully others will see this and do the same.  …
asian people are not a virus, are not automatically contaminated with the corona virus, or are at fault for the virus. corona isn’t new, it has been around since 1925. this is just a very unfortunate, pandemic out break that began in china. which does /not/ mean that ++
I went to tesco today and the shelves for these items were empty. however the south Asian and middle eastern market down the same road had stock piles of these basic necessities. support local small businesses and they will support you  …
Why aren't we calling this the Wuhan Flu and instead of Coronavirus? Isn't this what we have done in the past? Avian Flu, HLN1, Swine Flu, Hong Kong Flu, Asian Flu, Spanish Flu Is the media trying to make is sound worse than it is? Coronavirus sounds a lot worse then Wuhan Flu
I saw so many Asian people make African Ebola jokes. And now the shoe on the other foot and they wanna cry racism? Lmao bitch pls these jokes finna fly
People who still go to asian owned businesses are invited to the next lunar new year party
Our data analysis shows that in some Asian cities normal life is resuming. Foot traffic in Hong Kong returned to standard levels last week 
China is bad. The Chinese people aren’t bad. Asian people aren’t bad. China is bad. This isn’t xenophobic or racist or whatever. It’s just the reality. I’m not sure why this is difficult to say for people who scream “Russians!” all the time. But the Chinese are bad actors.
A3! boys in an Asian dating show 2/4 
racism! towards! asians! because! of! a! virus! they! have! no! control! over! is! unacceptable! if ur one of the people who thinks racism towards anyone is okay unfollow me, if youre making covid-19/asian “jokes” please fucking unfollow me. youre the only one laughing.
Xenophobia is not a plan for public health. @realDonaldTrump wants his base to think Coronavirus is as bigoted as they are. It is not. But we're already seeing people of Asian descent pay the price for our medieval response. My latest in  …
China #AlwaysLiesAboutTheirStats Always. They lie so much they have no idea what their real numbers are. And before you go all “you’re racist” on me, know that I traded Asian markets for 6 years. I know a lot more about these economies than your average .  …
shout out to the guy at the asian grocery store line who turned around, looked me dead in the eyes, and said "i was there when the world ended," sending me into immediate fear. he was talking about final fantasy 14, and i was wearing my ff14 zip up.
Walmart is a hellscape. Most were pretty reluctant about the check out line with the Asian American . Fear is a remarkable thing. #Covid_19
On a scale from 1 to racist, how you rate a Trader Joe's that was out of everything in the frozen foods section except for the Asian foods?
coronavirus my youtube channel grew at an alarmingly rapid pace and has inadvertently resulted in anti-asian microaggressions
apparently being asian is a privilege and jewish people are more privilege than christians  …
Time to leave the apartment and play "which will kill me first, a virus or anti-Asian racism," ah life's rich pageant
As #coronavirus spreads, this student in the U.K. is working to raise awareness of racism faced by the  in the West 
what pisses me off is that people are all of a sudden scared at asians, like a kid i know at school got scared when he saw a asian kid in public sneeze, like not even ironically scared, he actually said he went the other way pretty racist bro
Every asian business suffers from orientalism + sinophobia. Support your Chinatown Koreatown and little Tokyo. Your Viet Lao Thai and Cambodian businesses. Indian, Iranian, Bangladeshi Pakistani businesses. Show support for all asian businesses because we are in this together
Going to the grocery store to find no toilet paper, pasta and canned food, while having allergies as an Asian person during the Corona outbreak: 
imma need y’all to stop calling all Latinx people Mexican, and Asian people Chinese.
It's racism, because people avoid other people because of their "race".  irrational to assume all Asian people are likely to have the virus and a great example of everyday racism.
are we done with these Scary Asian coronavirus lead images yet?  …
As if some young ones with a fuckin baby just gave Terry racial abuse at Tesco like really? That’s how you want to raise your child? Focus on washing your dirty wee legs instead of harassing Asian people ya wee bastards
PLEASE- WE NEED TO BE SUPPORTIVE OF OUR ASIAN COMMUNITY!! THIS VIRUS IS NOBODY’S FAULT!! WE ARE A GLOBAL COMMUNITY AND WE NEED TO BE KIND TO EACH OTHER. WE ARE ALL ANXIOUS!
Lots of talk about democracies vs. authoritarianism and public health lately, but it seems clear that the clear winner is Asian technocracy.  …
mcu stans should stop ignoring the fact that daisy johnson is the first asian hero
Representation matters, and offering a diverse representation for AAPI students includes stories of South Asian people in the classroom library and curriculum. Which of these books are you considering adding to your collection?  …
I am literally "a" Chinese and I am ashamed too. Now you've got two "Asian" people telling you we are not all proud of our government in one day. What a record.
Do your panic buying in Asian groceries and supermarkets. Things are cheaper, there’s a wider variety of international food, and.. no crowds.
Meet our hero Arshad Nadeem who's a Pakistani athlete specialising in the javelin throw. In Dec'19, he won a gold medal with an 86.29-metre record throw at the 13th South Asian Games in Nepal & qualified directly for the Tokyo Olympics. #HamarayHeroes #HBLPSLV 
Sports are suspended. My readers got what they wanted, now they have to suffer from increased posts on Asian Junkie.
Wow. Silk  back?! And written by an Asian woman? Holy fuck. You guys don't know how much this means to me. I'm beyond happy.  …
me pulling up to asian restaurants to support their businesses 
This week the Hindu American Foundation joined a coalition of organizations supporting letters from the National Council of Asian Pacific Americans which call on Congress to denounce racism connected with the coronavirus. Read our statement here:  
yes it is racist abusing asians,  towards them, and not using asian businesses because of the corona virus. just because this whole thing started in china does not give you the right to stereotype.
Great books by #AsianAuthors for #SpringReading2020 @EachStarAWorld's SCAVENGE THE STARS @atangwrites' REBELWING @jesskimwrites's STAND UP YUMI CHUNG @WriterJuneHur's THE SILENCE OF BONES @ElloEllenOh's DRAGON EGG PRINCESS @soontornvat's A WISH IN THE  …
My friend @DiningTraveler is organizing a group that meets for meals at area Asian restaurants, the idea being they're among the hardest hit by by #COVID2019 fears. The firt one is at Wang Dynasty in Bethesda. Info:  …
100 years ago rich white plantation owners had to import asian immigrants for labor and to repopulate the islands bc the disease they brought here wiped out so much of the native hawaiian population bc they had no immunity
Omg really? That's terrible! Today l was with my Korean friend and some lady looked at her so baddly, l had nothing to lose so l just said: "you got a problem with asian people?" Oof! For Real l'a hating some behaviors people are having because of this whole situation ....
If yall are refusing to support chinese/asian businesses because of the virus, please stop using majority of the shit in your homes, stop wearing clothes, and just climb under a cold rock.
Can someone tell the imbeciles in the Squad that much of the loss in trade for Chinese restaurants is from Asian patrons. Stop using this crisis to push race-baiting BS.  …
Niall's #HeartbreakWeather is already available in Oceania and some Asian countries! iTunes (7x #1): #1 Australia #1 Hong Kong #1 Indonesia #1 Malaysia #1 New Zealand #1 Philippines #1 Singapore Buy & Stream:  …
California Gun Sales Soar Among Asian Americans Who Fear Coronavirus-Related Attacks  …
Just because he is of South Asian descent, he thinks he is a doctor.  …
they /did/ reply this to someone so i dont think they'll reveal their restaurant name or reply to anyone else but i think the best thing to do is just to support asian establishments since many are closing :( 
go support your local Chinese restaurant, go get dim sum, stop letting the media make y’all casually scared of Asian ppl
We joined a coalition of over 260 groups, led by @NCAPAtweets, to urge Congressional leaders to forcefully & unequivocally condemn the growing tide of racism directed at the  as a result of fear surrounding #coronavirus:  …
Chromatica is supposed to be  diverse album full of inclusiveness. For example: ft Adele = fat people ft Blackpink = Asian people ft Ariana = Black people ft Sophie = trans people ft Madonna = the victims of Coronavirus Gaga is SO SMART
At least coughing Asian students won't be asked to see the school nurse on Gloria Allred's watch!  …
I got the idea in my head of "what if I were a dragon?" There were a few obvious parts: Asian dragon, teal scales, branching horns. But did a lot of fiddling with the other bits and colors. I'm super happy with the result though! I hope to do and get more art of her! 
I know this is a stereotype but why are Asian countries so efficient & good at things? South Korea is currently testing 10,000 people a day while the US has tested ~5000 in total...  …
While we need to act with caution, there is no reason to believe Asian American businesses and restaurants are spreading COVID-19. Rumors such as this are destroying  small businesses.  …
We have to shut down schools and universities nationwide, the NBA, half the airlines, but Gloria Allred is suing a CA school for sending a coughing Asian kid to the nurse.  …
Sending love 2 all my asian american friends n supporters ! Pls stay safe out here a lot of ignorant ppl are showing their tru colors and it worries me !
Hold up. So white people traveling are spreading coronavirus but it's racist to point their selfish, nasty asses out when last month they were covering their faces with their shirts at the first sign of someone who was Asian??? 
I find it fucking hilarious that people from western countries were being extremely xenophobic towards Asian people and now these same western countries are begging for China and South Korea to help stop the virus I can’t help but think it’s karma to an extent
.Why have you not restricted travel into Canada. Are you trying to kill off all the old people? Close borders to all asian and ME countries now.
When Trump says “foreign virus” & media always use pics of Asian people it’s dangerous & enables racists: At 10am on Tuesday, a man in Midtown #NYC punched a 23yo woman from Korea and asked her "Where's your fucking mask?" h/t @Blackamazon #coronavirus 
It’s been posited that if I, a cis white male, were to play an Asian, Arabic, trans, or black role, in makeup, but did so “with respect,” my fellow Asian, Arabic, black, & trans actors wouldn’t mind. I disagree, vehemently. & I’d never say yes to playing those roles.
This has to be placed in context that the largest Asian nation, and the site of its origin, China, did very badly and is the reason it became pandemic.
The question that everybody should be asking is: Why did Asian countries -- South Korea, Taiwan, and Singapore -- do so much better against coronavirus than the US and Europe? The central question of American politics is: how do we acquire the capacity to do as well?
Check in on your Asian/American friends, colleagues & students. As a gay man, I appreciated when str8 ppl did this after Pulse. As a Black person, I appreciated when non-Black ppl did this after [insert racist story here]. Lotsa anti-Asian racism lately; check on your folx.
This isn’t a cute sound bite . They will be attacking Asian people , mostly women .  …
Unfortunately due to the continued spread of the Coronavirus, all European and Asian dates for the Head Above Water Tour are officially off. I was looking forward to these shows greatly but want everybody to stay safe! Thanks for the support and understanding! Tweet tweet!!  …
Media are bashing Trump for calling COVID-19 a "foreign virus," even tho it's accurate. This coronavirus came from China. So did the Asian Flu. So did the Hong Kong Flu. So did the SARS virus. China & its "wet markets" remain the main source of zoonotic influenza virus pandemics.
Heya @AaronBlake - We need that finely tuned racist dog whistle detector of yours here. Is "Asian style" a problem here or not? 
Why's it every time CHINA sneezes, the world catches deadly flu bugs? Asian Flu pandemic ('57), which killed 70k in US, & Hong Kong Flu pandemic ('68), killed 34k in US, both originated in CHINA too. So did SARS ('03) All sourced to CHINA's primitive "wet markets." Close them!
As #coronavirus spreads, this Chinese student in the U.K. is working to raise awareness of racism faced by the  in the West 
Sit back and enjoy the giant collective shrug from firefighters who passed out at "foreign virus" ignore Pelosi saying "Asian style"
EXCUSE ME? ASIAN STYLE?  …
AOC your racist rhetoric about ppl forgoing Asian eateries because of Wuhan virus. Ppl living in $$uncertainties don’t eat out. How quick you forget what it’s like to live paycheck to paycheck. And no “Free Shits” not the answer. #TRUMP2020  …
At Census time, Asian Americans again confront the question of who "counts" as Asian. Here's how the answer got  
I’m certain that if the coronavirus had started in an African state & rapidly spread throughout our continent, American, European & Asian countries would have put in place a travel ban on Africans ages ago. We treat these foreign countries better than they ever do us.
Wow, @SpeakerPelosi is being incredibly racist, telling people to bow in an "Asian style" to avoid spreading Chinese Wuhan virus  …
Mindy Kaling said for her new YA show that it was important to cast a brown skin South Asian girl because she didn't see thay growing up but then the show cast a light skin black girl for her best friend :/. So I guess caring about colorism only extends so far
Joined @kasie on @MSNBC where I spoke out about @realDonaldTrump’s slow & inadequate response to the #coronavirus & his admin's failure to facilitate more testing. Also continued to condemn the discrimination against Asian Americans & called for these disgusting acts to end. 
This whole “I don’t hate the people, only the government” talking point when talking about Asian socialist states is so infantilising and reeks of orientalism. How can you deny a population that successfully held a revolution their political ambitions and participation?
Just to add: 1. Spanish Flu from WATER FOWL BIRDS 2. Asian Flu from PIGS 3.Hongkong flu from PIGS 4. Swine flu from PIGS 5. Corona from BATS While 4 out of 5 Pandemics that world has ever witnessed came from #China And ALL 5 were caused by Animals (zoonotic) #GoVegan
. @aafcollective is creating a zine on Asian American care work & health justice as a way to make meaning of the coronavirus epidemic. Do you have first-hand accounts of racism & #xenophobia related to #COVID19? Submit:  
Y-day’s Asian/African attack on Europe’s borders. All while our continent should be focusing its limited energy  the #Coronavirus pandemic which is wrecking havoc on our continent. I don’t have patience with these violent attacks on our 
All for the Namaste. But it's not the only non-contact greeting. There's the Adaab (hand towards face, palm inwards, finger tips almost touching forehead, slight bow), also uniquely south Asian. The Salaam, with hand on heart. The more east Asian bow, with or without eye contact.
Is it just me or this "just cancel the Asian swing and play all these tournaments in September" proposal hides a slightly racist subtext? Apart from being an oversimplification that does not take into account booked venues, climate differences, et cetera of course.
Racists: using Corona virus to avoid Asian businesses Me: getting my hair and nails done with no wait time
India has done a good job so far to fight Coronavirus: @peterlee197499, Associate Professor of East Asian Politics, Social Sciences Department, University of Houston-Downtown tells Navika Kumar on @thenewshour. | #IndiaQuarantinesCorona  
I saw this asian guy sitting over at my gate to board and everyone is just glaring at him So i walked up and asked if i could pop a squat down next to him and he told me apparently people have been avoiding talking to him all day just because of his ethnicity Fucking sad world
asian male observing a trail of red ants on his wall POV #OurEnergyBeomgyuDay #HappyBeomgyuDay #빠방한_범규의_빠방한_생일 @TXT_members @TXT_bighit #TOMORROW_X_TOGETHER 
The silver lining of the coronavirus nightmare is that Asian ppl continue to be an inspiration (re last RT, also this which we discussed on  …
Feel bad for all the Asian businesses that are being impacted bc of rona and people’s internalized racism and xenophobia lmao
It is this aspect — the fact that a practice that was once  is now seen as unacceptable— that is at the core of what I was trying to address in my original tweet. I don’t think the white actors in The King & I were intending harm on Asian people. But harm was done.
the local Chinese place in my town is dead. None of the older people go by it anymore, it’s mostly college students, and even they are Asian. It’s terrible because they’re so nice :(
It wasn’t that long ago — 1982 — that I was in a production of The King & I starting Yul Brynner in which many of the Asian roles were played by white (or black) actors in Asian makeup. I was 10 at the time and didn’t think anything of it then. But now it’s unimaginable.
Standing alongside members @AACommission, #AsianCaucus, @MA_BLLC, @BOSCityCouncil, @DARollins, & advocated to speak out against racism & xenophobia ag Asians/Asian Americans relating to #COVID19. This virus does not discriminate, but people do discriminate & it needs to STOP 
[ VOTING FOR JIN ] STARMOMETER 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 VOTING: unlimited End: March 13, 2020 1. - 801.768 2. Jin - 771.061 Gap from #1: 30.707 #방탄소년단진 #방탄진 #진 #석진 #JIN #BTSJIN 
ridiculous how americans are freaking out around asian people & politicians are branding the virus “Chinese,” when in fact asian countries are doing the most to flatten the curve  …
If u do want to stock up, I  your local Asian Supermarket. They're cheap, locally owned, no queues and they could do with your € 
. @SpeakerPelosi just said people shouldn't even elbow bump bc that brings your face close to others. "Just bow in an Asian style." #Covid_19 #coronavirus
I get these types  every time I post about anti-Asian sentiment. The finger pointing & whataboutism is rampant and is just another excuse to remain racist. 
It means @SenTomCotton is inciting hate crimes against Asian people
interesting that a white person says the coronavirus was “funny” only when asian countries were getting sick... call it what it is  …
Friends — your Asian American colleagues, friends, and family members are at additional risk right now. We are not just at risk for Coronavirus, but increasingly as victims of hate crimes. Please help us.
bts stans seriously scare me, like he didn’t not say anything racist or imply that they’re asian, if i were one i’d take it as  like they’re always so fast and organized when  to voting, hashtags, streaming etc.  …
There is word of Chinese students being bullied & discriminated against on college campuses. Especially on the West Coast. This is Racism. Stop that. This #Coronavirus is revitalizing a long history of anti-Chinese and Asian racism deeply seeded in this country’s imagination.
Has the US ever not had some country they didn't allow people from...? For the longest time therecs been a travel ban to/from Cuba and Asian countries have been taking turns getting banned depending on the whim of white dudes.
Asian American businesses (restaurants, etc.) don't present any greater risk to your health than any other kind of business.
Meeting Ambassadors of Central Asian countriesand Afghanistan to discuss EU- #CentralAsia agenda  months, including preparations for several important  events, including EU-Central Asia Economic Forum in Bishkek and 2nd Civil Society Forum in 
Shame on all of you ! This is a horrific display of racism !! School students in Belgium pose for racist Corona Time pic in Asian attire. Internet is furious - Trending News News  …
As a biracial kid, this is one of those times where my mom - who is white - just does not and cannot understand what this feels like right now in terms of fear of how people are treating Asian folks
Solidarity w/  everywhere  …
So #COVID2019 is the 5th Pandemic ever! 1. Spanish Flu, 1918 Origin- #China, 5 crore deaths 2. Asian Flu,1957 Origin- #China caused 15 lakh ds 3.Hongkong flu,1968 Origin- #China, 20 lakh Deaths 4. Swine flu, 2009 Origin- #Mexico, 6 lakh Deaths 5. Corona 2019 Origin- #China
Taehyung and Jungkook Advance to the Finals of ‘100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020’ I love both ! This is just poll don't be fight! Support your favorite #JUNGKOOK #JK 
#LIVE Gun sales surge at some stores in  across SoCal in response to coronavirus fears  
I feel like they making the corona virus a bigger deal than it is because it’s only affecting white and Asian people. If it was affecting black people, they wouldn’t even bat an eye
"2020 brings a slew of...books about the South Asian experience. Some are set in worlds inspired by medieval India, others in the suburbs of Michigan. They include  fantasies, literary fiction, and more.”  …
soo italy is currently the most infected place but i don’t see y’all ignoring italian food and not eating pizzas and pastas like y’all did with asian food hmmm inchresting 
Bigotry & xenophobia against people of Asian descent is unacceptable. Let me be clear: coronavirus does not discriminate & we must unite right now to fight its spread.  …
Waiting on the subway platform for hours, sweat beading down your neck because the NYT Photo Assignment Editor wants a masked Asian for the coronavirus story, despite most/all the infected not being Asian 
#WuhanCoronavirus (racist?) Lassa (Nigeria) Hemorrhagic Fever (1969) Marburg (Germany) Virus - similar to Ebola (1967) Omsk (Russia) Hemorrhagic Fever - 1940s Asian Flu Pandemic - 1957-58 originated in China (2M deaths) Hong Kong Flu Pandemic - 1968 (up to 4M deaths)
Yang when Asian journalists wrote articles about how his Asian jokes offended them  …
PSA: The dry and canned goods at the asian markets I checked were not depleted. All the racists left the good shit behind. Go get it for your quarantine box! 
Calling #Covid_19 the "Wuhan" or "China" virus implies that  from China and Asians are infected - even if they aren't Chinese. That disinformation can put the livelihood and safety of Asian Americans at risk. Viruses don't discriminate. 
I think this is largely connected to fact that publications like Billboard, THR, etc. don't hire enough Asian writers to cover Asian media. Asian representation in Western media isn't just about the fight for air time on the radio or tv but also on the reporting scene.  …
Fox News' "Coronavirus Fallout" graphic uses the same photo of a masked Asian man that the New York Post got dragged for two weeks ago. 
Taehyung and Jungkook Advance to the Finals of ‘100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020’ 
I just had to yell at some old white guy for being racist to this Asian lady at the Atlanta airport. I will not tolerate ignorance in front of me anymore. It's sad that its 2020 and people are still racist.
The UK's supposedly far-right, white-supremacist administration. And important to note how Rishi Sunak was depicted as some sort of characterless token-Asian stooge by the identitarian Left. Delivered an assured performance and a decent budget under challenging circumstances.  …
A friend just returned from Florence yesterday. On arriving in Atlanta, there were no screening measures, no infrared cameras like in Asian countries. Almost 300 people on her plane and they were all let loose in a very busy Atlanta. This is going to spread like wildfire.
After spraying "AXE" deodorant, on the Asian hordes standing right on EU borders for 4 days, Hellenic Army Engineers brought huge metal fans to battle armpit stink. Showers / hammam in Adrianopolis are closed for illegal immigrands. Erdogan please take care your musafirs  …
I call BS on the double standard treatment by HYPOCRITICAL, elitist, self-serving, Leftist political hacks! Hey, ⁦⁦ @NYGovCuomo⁩, is it ok to mimic Blackspeak, or Arabic, Spanglish, or Asian accents, you arrogant putz? No? Then shut your cakehole!!  …
the Asian woman in nyc was punched because she wasn’t wearing a mask. the assailant yelled “where is your corona mask, you Asian b—h.” It was never about the masks after all.  …
As if coronavirus wasn't enough so we've to deal with god awful asian humour  …
If she wanna have Asian eyes I can definitely help her with my foot in her face for free.
The Boss Lady that will cut 95% off your earnings then bust your ass deep-red and left you cring on the ground And this lady dont give a fuck about you • #finD mistress findom asian • 
Sexy Asian Twink Gets Fucked By Government 
I really hate how poorly asian people in general have been treated but my heart goes out to my chinese brothers and sisters. This story really made me smile I bet your parents really made them happy.
Postcards from Asian airports as coronavirus tightens its grip  
Is CA  a red state? Surely, they’ll vote conservatives for they don’t want their new guns to be confiscated #VoteDemsOut #2AShallNotBeInfringed CA Gun Sales Surge as Asian Americans Fear Attacks over Corona Virus  …
This is absolutely bloody insane. The WHO say this deadly virus can be suppressed and controlled, as it has been in several Asian countries. Would the Scottish government please wake up to London's madness before it's too late?  …
What some call bulk buying the  call shopping. #facts
This simply reminds the world that a) Qatar won the Asian Cup and the UAE didn't; b) UAE national football team are neither gracious hosts or gracious losers  … via @seattletimes
. @WasafiriMag has won full funding for a new PhD programme - to explore the material conditions affecting the production, publication and reception of black, Asian and diasporic writing in Britain from the 1970s to the present. Apply now!  …
'I called an Asian woman a slur. She called me racist and then chased after me with an axe. Am I the asshole or is this PC gone mad?' kind of thing.
A friendly note to &: YOU CAN’T SEE #Coronavirus (and it can’t see you)! It does not recognize race, nationality, or ethnicity. Having Asian ancestry–or any other ancestry–does not increase the chance of getting or spreading #COVID19. Please spread the facts–and -not fear.
Kidney failure is five times  in people from black, asian and minority ethnic  and there's a shortage of BAME donors where the best match is likely to be found. Help change this by registering your organ donation decision 
Chevrotains, also known as mouse-deer, are the smallest hoofed mammals in the world. The Asian species weigh between 0.7 and 8.0 kg (1.5 and 17.6 lb), while the African chevrotain is considerably larger at 7–16 kg (15–35 lb)  [gif:  
"I feel I have a duty to do something," former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad says in an interview with the Nikkei Asian Review. 
but we know if you tell us a Chinese individual, they’re Asian. there’s been no mention of those specifics in the other cases, just the nations visited and where in SA they are. it’s not the same
y'all are really walking around assaulting Asian folks.. maybe we do need to start over.  …
Punching an Asian woman in the face won’t prevent #coronavirus, but it IS a symptom of presidentially stoked #racist fears. Wash your hands AND watch out for your neighbors. #CoronavirusPandemic @NBCNews #ThursdayThoughts  …
2/ 2 months ago when the COVID-9 outbreak in Wuhan and other province of China became out of control, asian countries who have had experience of SARS, decided not to follow WHO’s advice (bc they have repeatedly failed us during the SARS period and obviously during the outbreak) 
An Asian woman was punched in the face in New York City on Tuesday in what is being investigated as a possible bias incident. The governor of New York says it was apparently motivated by bigotry surrounding the coronavirus. 
Narendra Modi: How PM Modi won India's elections but paralyzed economy: Nikkei Asian Review | India Business News - Times of India  … #गिरता_रुपया_खस्ता_अर्थव्यवस्था
Reminder that devil is asian and not native english speaker heheh, can you guess from where?
If this Corona nonsense originated from Africa, the western &  would have done series on meetings on how to Nuke Africa out of planet earth..God is not Man.
Very pleased (and relieved!) to share that this article on Sikh ruler Ranjit Singh, and the courtesans and musicians at his Lahore court is finally published in the March 2020 issue of Modern Asian Studies. Please inbox me if you cannot access this.  
S.Korea - again - is ranked as the worst place to be a working woman by The Economist, which notes East Asian women are faced with a ceiling "made of bulletproof glass." (S.Korea has been at the bottom of the glass ceiling index EVERY SINGLE YEAR since its creation in 2013).  …
PILIPINAS! Ready your drafts! We will use the hashtags in 7:30PM MANILA TIME for mentor Lisa on YWY 2. #.DanceMentorLALISA #.0312YouthWithLISA Some Asian countries can refer to the timeline below. Kita kits mamaya! #LISA #LALISA #리사 @ygofficialblink 
When we run out of 10kg bags of basmati and lentils I'll know panic buying has reached the  Bulk buying toilet rolls was already a thing pre Coronavirus.
It means so much to me to see Asian women falling in love on screen I’m so happy to support AND THEN: A Girl-Meets-Girl Short Film Set in Tokyo by @JennRavenna and the team  …
Why are black people more offended by this TRUTHFUL statement than Asians??? Self hate Look at  section Do y’all black ppl realize how little Asian respect black people?  …
The funny thing is asian countries (China , Korea, Japan .. etc) took most hit with the Covid-19 but they handled things way better and now the numbers are decreasing! They acted fast and made the tests affordable meanwhile in the west they keep telling people it’s  cold 
I'm not eating at Chinese and Asian restaurants right now because restaurants are too expensive and beyond my budget.  …
Who is Good looking actor In #Tollywood from both . #Retweet. :- #Prabhas #like. :- @urstrulyMahesh #SSMBBloods #AllTimeBlockBusterSLNWhich #RRR #VakeelSaab #SSMB27 #Prabhas20 #Acharya #prabhas20Firstlook #Prabhas20TitleUpdateSoon Prabhas in top 10 in asian handsome man 
Nancy Pelosi joins Asian American lawmakers in demanding McCarthy apology for 'bigoted' tweet || Via: Politico  …
I also can not visit my family in Germany atm. While people disparage Asian folks and joke about the virus, I am cut off from my family while they’re grieving. I wish people here would take this situation more seriously so we may find a way to contain it, sooner than later.
they were making racist remarks about blinks and tried to say bp only has southeast asian blinks(iblinks).... ok and... is that supposed to be an insult? we have more iblinks and kblinks
Every time I read about anti-Asian racism during this pandemic, I still feel the tingling ghostly sensation of a well-aimed flip-flop from my first girlfriend's mother, for tracking the slightest trace of dust into their house. Y'all don't know, and it shows.
This is where we draw the line [TRANS] “Guys those south east asian monkeys can’t understand what people say... don’t feed the trolls” 
NYC Teen assaults elderly Asian man, spits in his face, and barks “F*cking Chinese corona virus! Go back to your country!” This is the result of irresponsible framing and scapegoating. Let’s do better, people.  …
Egyptians when they see any Asian in the street: 
As an Asian, I don’t think calling #WuhanVirus is racism. Otherwise we shd change the name for Spanish Flu, Ebola, etc. Instead, the Chinese govt wanna shift the blame by encouraging ppl to think that the virus came from the US. They even called “Japan Coronavirus”. 
So far the MOST SUCCESSFUL and proactive responses to CORONA Plague  from... Asian DEMOCRACIES, participatory South Korea and Taiwan, where TRANSPARENCY, collaboration and ACCOUNTABILITY are key policy principles!
Still remember reading how kpop stans on reddit were truly baffled at why ARMYs were setting their own intl goals cause they thought it was a waste of time trying to achieve intl success for a kpop group & that asian achievements should be the only things that should matter.
If this Virus originated from Africa, all European, American and Asian countries would have placed a travel ban on African countries. All. And that's a fact!
I've  (decades of internalized "humility" as an Asian-American woman) that I have nothing to offer in a global fight against a pandemic. I have to keep reminding myself that I have a powerful skill to offer: I tell stories with data. That I can and NEED to help.
*How PM Modi won India's elections but paralyzed economy* In its latest cover story, Japan's Nikkei Asian Review said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi might have won the elections but his policies have paralyzed India's economy. It focuses on how his party's thumping victories
if online class is a thing and i am forced to stay in PLANO until AUGUST... who tryna fr*ck up Yu’s Asian Diner during B lunch
Nikkei Asian Review writes a strange, ill-informed article on PM Modi: Here are some things they got wildly wrong  …
Some gun stores in  seeing sales surge amid fears over 
Corona virus does not give people a reason to be racist towards asian people!!
it’s not about. it’s about associating bts and the virus. you know damn well he’s doing it because they are Asians. the amount of discrimination asian people are facing right now and funny enough it was Europe who spread it everywhere.
Ayubowan! Wannakkam! Namaste ! Prince Charles was seen practising traditional Asian way of greeting amid coronavirus concerns . 
Asian stock markets fall as COVID-19 is declared a pandemic  by 
the relationship between rodrigue and felix is just so painfully "asian parent who wants the best for their kid" and "reluctant kid who doesn't want to be bound to tradition but also lowkey feels obligated to be"
i continually check my privilege as a white passing mixed person but can yall please stop trying to erase the fact that i am ASIAN just to spite me? i love being asian, i grew up only attached to my asian culture, i identify as ASIAN and always will so please stop erasing that
Calling all #BTSARMY around the world to help us vote for #KimSeokJin at Starmometer 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – votings are until March 13 only! Please widen the gap! #iHeartAwards #BestMusicVideo #BoyWithLuv 
italy was doing real damage while people were busy being racist and xenophobic towards asian people. unreal scenes  …
wwx going “just because i asked if he wants it doesn’t mean im buying it for him” is such a classic asian parent move 
Asian have been founded more cases on COVID-19 Westerners : Asians are over panic, just a flu. But get out of my country, Virus!! WHO : Just a epidemic. Westerners are founded more cases on COVID-19 Westerners : Med masks sold out. Toilet papers sold out. WHO : It’s pandemic.
lil Uzi’s bio used to be “Asian on the inside”... he drops his album this week and also corona virus spreads...coincidence
TFW you Asian parent your own parents. 
Applications for @kundimanforever’s Mentorship Lab closes this Sunday, March 15th! NYC-based Asian American writers will receive $1000 stipend & mentorship meetings, writing workshops & master classes from one of the mentors. There is no application fee. 
Jarnail Singh captained Asian All Stars XI twice, in 1965 & 1966, against touring sides like Leicester City FC. He is the only Indian to hold this distinction. 
Pls remember none of this give you an excuse to be xenophobic towards Asian folks like..... what’s not clicking
We want to portray characters on screen who aren’t stereotypes — like Ace. Bess isn't a stereotypical character of Middle Eastern origin. Or George, as Asian American. Our writers’ room is diverse. We just tell stories we're going to tell naturally bc of who we are. @NogaLandau
Like I told my viewers yesterday, I think even if Twitch Con NA is happening this year, I'm gonna skip this one until everyone calms down. The last thing I want is to worry about getting sick (You don't know who you'll meet at the airports) AND being harassed for being Asian.  …
Said it before will say it again - the asian  needs @xanga desperately right now for the exact right level of semi private conversations
My timeline has turned into all my Asian homies clapping back at any racist tweets they see on the TL due to the coronavirus and I’m all for it. drag those ignorant mfers
My @Uber driver just told me “I purposefully cancel trips on Asian passengers because of the coronavirus” I’m sorry, the virus doesn’t excuse your blatant racism Amidst this panic can we at least practice mindfulness Stand for something or be just as guilty with your silence
Why are people letting racism towards Asian slide? What the fuck
Coronavirus is not an excuse to be racist against the   …
choose ur asian ghorlll 
Here’s the latest coronavirus news: Asian markets markets fell after the WHO said coronavirus is a ‘pandemic’ The US suspended travel from Europe Australia launched an $11bn stimulus The NBA suspended its season Follow our live coverage: 
Asian markets resume plunge after Dow enters bear market 
stop! using! pictures! of! asian! people! with! masks! on! for! every! coronavirus! headline!
He still a white  for asian who did nothing to him so move
Y'all know this coronavirus isn't really affecting black people and the reason it's such a mass panic is because it's mostly affecting White & Asian people. The black people who have gotten it have gotten over it within a week. The media doesn't want to tell you that.
Jeremy Lin Battling Anti-Asian Coronavirus Racism, Donates $150k 
[coronavirus] things that are not okay - asking someone who coughs or sneezes around you if they have the coronavirus even if it’s joking - immediately thinking any Asian person has it -telling others not to go to Chinese restaurants bc they might have it - being xenophobic
Support your Asian American friends. We are scared. Stop calling it a China Virus.  …
We just got amazing Chinese food at our local spot. Make sure to support local, and particularly Asian-owned, businesses where you can. They’ve been hit hard by Coronavirus panic. (Obviously take the precautions advised for your region first!) 
Black ppl on here breaking a sweat defending an  that doesn't speak up when we're going thru shit, its wild to see
Asian markets, oil fall sharply after Trump bans Europe travel 
For the people in the back: Cis actors playing trans roles in 2020 is no different from the bad old days when white actors played roles in blackface or with terrible Asian makeup. We are well past having proven that none of that should ever have happened. 
[ 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Jungkook vs Taeyong ] We have one day to vote  … #Jungkook #JeonJungKook #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク
Bangladesh Cricket Board: Events included ‘Cricket Celebrates Mujib 100’ concert on 18 March by the legendary AR Rahman & the two Asian All-Star XI vs Rest of the World XI Twenty20 International matches at the Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium, Mirpur on 21 and 22 March.  …
With all the usual qualifications, Dow futures now indicated 1,000 points lower. Heightened risk aversion is clear in other market segments:Asian #stocks, #oil, fx, #bonds, etc This could turn uglier than today's session #economy #investors #investing @cnbc @ft #wsj  …
i sat next to an asian lady and she slapped me so hard when she was trying to wake me up for the snacks lmao
I wanted to hug him. Then when I saw that people started hugging him and taking off the blindfold and mask, I started crying. Why do people seem more scared of our brothers and sisters of the  than they are of the actual problem, the virus?  …
U.S. futures slump more than 3%, Asian equities extend declines and the yen climbs after Trump bans travel from continental Europe to America 
My fiance was verbally attacked on the subway to work. He is Asian, and sneezed (the 'right' way, into his arm). Things got heated when he stood up for himself. I have since canceled evening plans that involve public transportation out of fear of being attacked. #COVID19 /1
Jeez. Markets in freefall. Losses on main Asian benchmarks and US/European now between 4-7% 
Nancy Pelosi joins Asian American lawmakers in demanding McCarthy apology for 'bigoted' tweet || Via Politico  …
It’s not about letting China off the hook. It’s about not subjecting Asian Americans to racism, bullying, and hate crimes.
the anti asian racist shit y’all got going on w this virus is gross
There is no such thing as a foreign virus. The president needs to stop unfairly targeting immigrants, especially from the Asian American and Pacific  and travelers from other countries. Coronavirus is in the U.S. Blaming other countries will not save lives.
Nah I’m done. Not even gonna load into Asian servers cuz im afraid of the corona virus
China. Iran. The EU. Those are the countries most infected. Despite the high Asian population in Canada, they remain relatively untouched. The EU is collateral damage. The US is for appearance. China and Iran, the target.
So now we have to be mad because people aren't eating chinese or Asian takeout. Isn't that how the Coronavirus began? Eating the food? Aren't you blaming Trump for not preventing the outbreak, yet telling others it's racist to take precautions? 
It’s a huge culture thing too. I noticed that the mom in the original video was Asian and bento boxes are so popular! If your mom didn’t make you a cute bento box for lunch, other kids make fun of you
People should take precautions but they should also know this isn’t the biggest pandemic. (Flu 1968, 1 mill dead. Asian Flu 1956, 2 mill dead). This is causing such panic since it’s the FIRST Pandemic in the age of social media (PITASM, pronounce “pie tasm”). We’ll need the word.
I served w/ @YoungKimCA in the Assembly & I know her heart. She is profoundly proud of her Asian American heritage & fiercely protective of all who share that heritage. This absurd accusation by her opponent shows one thing - he’s scared. And he should be. MM  …
CA Gun Sales Surge for Asian Americans Fearing Attacks over Corona Virus  …
To be an Asian American right now... it’s tiring. I have so many words... I’m going to try to spit them out to prevent an outburst or mental break in a few months from now. On January 30th, I went to a hospital in Burbank, California to have eight vials of blood drawn to have... 
Me: don’t you think it’s strange that there are no Asian character in Mario Kart. Kiki: Toad is Asian. Me: how? Kiki: mind your business.
Leave it to Trump, Miller & Co. being as anti-Asian and racist as possible to deflect from their  and idiocy in getting ahead of a global pandemic.
Trump is taking his queue from Tucker Carlson prime time host of @BernieSanders campaign’s favorite network - Fox “News” - by playing up xenophobia around #COVID19 He will potentially get Asian-Americans killed with this stunt and Democratic leaders must stand up now.
I wanted this interview to address the next gen of Asian American creators. It’s scary to put yourself out there. No one will grant you permission. Just go for it. Learn. Try again. The fear may not fade, but the courage will grow. Thanks @repasianproject @isabelle_khoo  …
with the exception of china, which we did not visit, we went to 7 asian countries during the “height” of the virus there. nobody panicked. nothing canceled. people who felt sick just stayed home. watching the left practically begging a virus to wipe out our people and the economy
This racist bigot is trying to tell people that we’re under attack by PEOPLE, “Foriegn” PEOPLE, instead of a biological contagion! What the HELL is this?? He’s going to get Asian-Americans killed with this crap.
Asian counties were prepared and equipped after having to deal with SARS. The US hasn’t had to deal with anything of this magnitude since 1918. Even if there is an about face in terms of policy/gravitas, mobilization and coordination will be incredibly challenging.  …
Jim @Acosta just now: Stephen Miller was a "driving force" behind tonight's national address from Trump. I think we all know what that means, so I'm going to preemptively say: please call out any and all Asian-related racism when you see it.
Heart and her crazy rich asian vibe is hardly something we should care about... ever.
My Asian students have been sharing significant concerns about xenophobia and racism in the midst of #covid19. It is important for university administrators, professors and student life staff to send a strong message of anti-racist solidarity with Asian members of 
I told my Asian co worker “Black don’t crack” she gone say “Asian don’t raisin” i have never heard that before lmaoooo
Yea we gotta chill w the high key and low key Asian racism.  …
Discrimination against Asian Americans and Asian immigrants must stop. Now.  …
JUST IN: Staff at the Asian Development Bank’s (ADB) HQ in Manila, are temporarily working from home from today following advice that a visitor to the Bank has tested positive for COVID-19. @rapplerdotcom
What this young Asian man and woman SHOULD have done while getting beaten up on the subway platform was take a look at the way they have benefited from their white adjacency  in anti-Blackness.  …
Okay, hear me out... Dems have only gained votes based on identity politics for centuries. Am I the only one thinking that maybe the #coronavirus hype and pinning conservatives to be “racist” towards it , is a way of fearmongering & trying to gain the Asian vote?
Did you know that the sun bear is the smallest of all living bears? It’s nearly half the size of an American black bear! The Southeast Asian species' name refers to the golden patch on its chest, which is unique to each individual—like a fingerprint! 
Most of the customers at Chinese and Asian restaurants are Chinese and Asians! Is @AOC calling them racists? This woman is as dumb as a  …
No, Asian people aren't savages because they "eat dogs and cats". The only difference between cats, dogs, pigs and cows is just your perception. Cows are big dogs and pigs are smarter dogs. Yet you all support killing them by the billion to eat their remains unnecessarily.
Chinese food places prolly losing so much business right now smh I’m still bussin down some Little Namking my asian folks got my support
PEACHZENS let's continue to vote for JAEHYUN on "100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round" poll. you can vote as much as you can. let's work even harder this time for our heartthrob, we can do this! #JAEHYUN  …
Actual First Marvel Asian Superhero says hi.  
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be lesbian its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it’s NEVER okay to think Dak Prescott is better than Carson Wentz.
Re: my last tweet: Your Asian friends are sad, scared, and have anxiety about their safety, while also worrying about the virus like the rest of you. Reach out. Support. Be an ally.
A @ft revealing graph: clear epidemic pattern that Asian technocratic democracies (incl. Taiwin, not featured) are dealing with it better than western liberal democracies. Complex reasons why, but many lessons to be learned. 
I feel bad for all my asian classmates. The amount of things i hear in the hallways are highly unacceptable. I had to  a girl who cried because she was being harassed. STOP BEING ASSHOLES PEOPLE.  …
What you can do during this time of Asian hate in the media: Reach out to your Asian friends and let them know you support them and are there to help. Support Asian business Be loud, SO LOUD, when  across shit like this. If you ever wanted to be an ally, the time is now.  …
Just got on the subway, sat down next to a dude who visibly moved away and put a scarf over his face. Then hilariously another Asian woman got on and stood next to him (he's at the end) and he had to shift back towards me. ASIAN SANDWICH LOL
At an Asian restaurant for dinner and we are literally the only customers here
Rishi Sunak, son of GP and pharmacist,  Chancellor but then nevertheless being portrayed as a doctor on front page of Daily Mail is the most Asian thing that has ever happened 
Summer Walker made some really  about Asian ppl and the Corona Virus and look how quick Black people checked her. Why don’t other races do this when someone in their race says something gross about Black ppl? POC solidarity needs to work both ways.
please try to eat at a local chinese restaurant rn !! a lot of families are suffering bc ppl are racist and dumb !! support asian restaurants
Takumi Minamino vs Atletico Madrid | Home| Goals & Assists | The best asian to ever play in the CL ? 
As concerns rise over coronavirus, racist attacks and discrimination against Asian Americans have increased. We joined @NCAPAtweets and 260+ groups in calling on congressional leaders to denounce the increase in attacks & discrimination targeting the Asian  
I had no idea she was black, Asian, Hispanic or any other color, lol. I do know she is terrible at math... I mean a colossal failure at math. Instead of counting everyone else's money, she should stick to counting her own...she might learn something.
“An unhinged hypochondriac punched an Asian woman in Midtown over coronavirus fears — one of two anti-Asian attacks to in the city in less than 12 hours”  …
would like to read something on why east Asian countries are the only ones that seem to be at all effective in fighting this thing  …
Hey, @timeshighered, what does this image have to do with conference cancellations? According Getty, this is a courier delivering a package in Beijing? All the cancellations you discuss are in North America and Europe? Did you just pick any stock image with Asian faces? 
100 Asian Heartthrobs — 2020 Battle Round Vote for Jimin  … Vote for Jin  … Vote for Jungkook  … Vote for V  … #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
Jeremy Lin Battling Anti-Asian Coronavirus Racism, Donates $150k 
Chinese student on the streets of w/ a sign "I'm not a virus, I am human" PSA the Corona virus is NOT an excuse to be a racist. This virus does not discriminate & at this point can be contracted from anyone. Racism won't protect you Solidarity w/  everywhere 
STOPUSINGTHEC0R0NAVIRUSAS ANEXCUSETO BERACISTTOWARDSASIANPEOPLE STOPUSINGTHEC0R0NAVIRUSAS ANEXCUSETO BERACISTTOWARDSASIANPEOPLE STOPUSINGTHEC0R0NAVIRUSAS ANEXCUSETO BERACISTTOWARDSASIANPEOPLE
disease are weaponized (see Chinese Exclusion Act example above) and used to fracture the relationship between Asian Americans and other  while also promoting ethnocentrism and violent racism, which is what COVID-19 is currently doing.
My final point, and one that isn’t included in the article, is the importance of teaching Asian American history. Learning about Asian American history extensively for the first time ever in my second year at college, I have a more concrete understanding of how things like
Several Wall Street bros incapacitated by Asian Virus today, specifically by this tourist  …
@OC_Transpo Kudos to the operator of 7 Carleton 4435 which I am now on who told a passenger who was saying someone of Asian heritage was responsible for COVID-19 who would not stand for that on his bus. @pepeetovalencia @smwgilbert @maddyeisenberg
Asian niggas when they see white people with facemasks 
An Asian woman was punched in the face in New York City on Tuesday in what is being investigated as a possible coronavirus bias crime. 
“Where is your corona mask, you Asian b—h,” the suspect reportedly yelled as she punched the woman.  …
coughing while asian is illegal now
[DAILY REMINDER] Remember to vote for TAEYONG in STARMOMETER’s 100 Asian Heartthrobs Battle Round LVL 3. Voting ends today at 9pm KST. TAEYONG is currently in 2nd place. Voting is unlimited. #NCT127 #TAEYONG @NCTsmtown_127  
COVID-19 doesn't discriminate. There is absolutely NO reason to avoid our  Now is the time to support each other.  …
At today’s Stand up to Racism meeting in Westminster Diane Abbott warned us: ‘Tomorrow’s headlines will tell us Austerity is over. But it’s not true. It is continuing and as always, it is Black and  who will suffer most’. 
Conversation overheard in  train in Warsaw: "So this Asian guy was sitting for half an hour, and nobody came to serve him. I told him that he should leave as he will not be served in this place. And he left". COVID-19 devastates the moral fabric of our societies.
This is a news story about that racist "Corona Time" photo... but the  photo, of course, is two random Asian women wearing masks.  …
this lady at costco yanked her son in front of my mom & said “I told you to stay with me, there are walking viruses around us” & gave my mom a dirty look bc she is ASIAN bitch I will drag anyone who disrespects my mom like that, ima track down that lady & cough on her
rough time to be an asian girl with seasonal allergies
In light of the recent surge of xenophobia on the streets I just want to remind people that it’s NOT funny to joke to your asian friends about them having the coronavirus Friendship doesn’t excuse racism
I can literally walk into a restaurant and people back up, away from me. No one’s avoiding my father(who is Italian but not part Asian), but they are avoiding my Asian mother. When I was out with a Chinese friend of mine, people kept avoiding us and tugging their kids away.
Emoty middle seat. The Asian man in the aisle seat looked over me and said, “You probably have me to thank that no one has taken middle seat.” I replied “They don’t like sitting next to me either.” We laughed and said at same time “Teamwork” #airlinetravel #southwest
Where I live people are avoiding Asian restaurants, and any place with high concentrations of Asian people. Chinatown and Japantown are almost empty. Italian restaurants are doing fine. People finding out I’m part Italian hasn’t caused issues, but my Asian features have.
Get your COVID-19 information from Asian democracies like Taiwan and South Korea. They've been through it, and have more freedom of information. Also read trustworthy Hong Kong publications like RTHK on how  has mobilized. America's gov't knows little and shares less
there’s so many ways to joke about coronavirus wo being racist to asian people
But like the only reason they were like we're gonna change it is cause it's a famous artist, they still meant to use an Asian person wearing a mask which is
Nancy Pelosi joins Asian American lawmakers in demanding McCarthy apology for 'bigoted' tweet | Via Politico  …
Sweet Asian Chile, Honey BBQ, and Classic Buffalo. I have just named the 3 sauces you can choose to have your 25¢ Boneless Wings drenched in for a limited time. You're 
Even outside of using an artist, why were you looking up “asian male in mask” or some variation for this article? Why did you specifically need to use an Asian face to speak about this virus that is affecting demographics from all over the world?
asians who associate with only other asian people are weird as fuck
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be hispanic its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be trans its okay to be gay its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it's never okay to call me cute
Unpopular Asian opinion: a thread I’ll start, boba sucks
(1/2) Saudi Arabia's monarchical regime and the sadistic society that it has spawned made a human being - in this case a South Asian migrant worker -  a hand sanitizer dispenser. This is at the Saudi ARAMCO facilities, the behemoth  
Don’t tell them about the Asian aisle, Pike!  …
Our Asian  members and businesses have been unfairly targeted by fear in reaction to COVID-19. While anxiety can be expected, now is the time to be kinder to our neighbors. Let us do all we can to support them and their families. 
Asian Americans watching the US weaponize the coronavirus crisis for months to advance US aggression abroad: *dead silence* Asian Americans once it impacts them in the US: This is where we draw the line. We stand against racism, although only insofar as it affects us in the US.
Restaurants are reporting 35-70% decline in sales in San Gabriel Valley. New report by @KristieHang , who talks to multiple Chinese restaurant operators across LA's biggest   …
My family is Asian-American. Don’t tell me this is just some white kids having fun. I was a white kid once. This is not fun. It’s racism.  …
Does anyone know of toddler-focused cookbooks that aren't heavily weighted in Western European, North American, or Mediterranean food traditions? More Asian, Middle Eastern, African, Eastern European, South and Central American things, E.G.
Please remember coronavirus does not recognize race, nationality, or ethnicity. Having Asian ancestry–or any other ancestry–does not increase the chance of getting or spreading COVID-19. Please spread the facts–not fear.
Shocking! Asian streamer coughs on stream, viewers are now rushing to get tested. 
Support freelancers and Asian businesses as much as you can during this pandemic. Freelancers (like myself) will take a hit as businesses/events/etc slow down. Asian businesses ARE already taking a hit because people are racist AF. Be supportive in any way you can.
When I hear people whining about language barrier when  to #BTS, it makes me mad about their hypocrisy. Do they know how many people from Asian countries were inspired by Michael Jackson? None of them with English as first language! Because music is universal! @BTS_twt
U.S. Rep. Grace Meng (R), Vice Chair of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC), criticized House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy (L) @GOPLeader for referring to the #coronavirus as “Chinese coronavirus” and demanded apology.  
The Novel Coronavirus is basically a new strain of  cold. Its serious because: 1) Its new, so nobody has immunity to it yet 2) Seems to have a long incubation period 3) Seems to be worse in Asian men and/or heavy smokers You will probably get it, so quit smoking
Asian activists who push the “proximity to whiteness” idea are doing a disservice to  which suffer from state violence every day. From the Grape Strikes to NY’s Chinatown housing struggles, there’s a long history of Asian resistance we should respect and carry on.
The figure showed the passenger volume to China dropped by 85 percent, meanwhile, the Japanese and Southeast Asian markets also recorded a big fall in volume by 70 and 62 percent respectively. 
I am from Wuhan. 滚你妈的蛋, Lou Dobbs (For Asian Americans, let this be a data point to show how quickly the GOP Right will forget that we’ve been a “model minority” for decades, if xenophobia helps stoke the fires of their ignorant sheep.)  …
@AOC : Americans Not Eating At Asian Restaurants Because They’re ‘Just Straight Up Racist’ About Coronavirus…WOW...Girl, Stupid just Straight Reared up and BIT YOU SQUARE IN THE ASS...sheesus...  … #StopTheStupid 
Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar slams Japan's Nikkei Asian Review over article critical of PM Narendra Modi's policies, says it 'lacks' facts
Me to my barber: “Thanks for another great job. Good to hear your family back home in Italy are OK. Us two aren’t the most popular right now: An Asian guy and an Italian guy....” Man waiting for his turn: *Instantly looks up from his phone at us, and hurriedly walks out*
Sigh ... #coronavirus is bringing out so much racism and anti-Asian discrimination. This photo was posted to a Belgium high school's website. 
& us Americans are either pretending its a hoax, hoarding items that won’t save us, being racist towards people of Asian decent, shutting institutions down without considering classist ramifications, & not discussing healthcare options for people who are the most at risk. Hmm  …
Using my typical food-posting today as a PSA opportunity for my fellow U.S. residents: please continue to support Asian-American businesses especially during this trying time. And to my fellow Asian-Americans, please continue to support each other. [1/3]  – at Dua Vietnamese Noodle Soup
Connecting current conversations around the coronavirus to Asian American histories and politics are crucial. let’s center the voices of those affected firsthand by racism and xenophobia. SUBMIT to aafcollective@gmail.com  …
so apparently a bunch of asian ppl in NY are getting attacked because of “coronavirus fears” but anyone who says it isn’t racism is full of shit. i sincerely hope those evil fuckers get it next
In Australia the majority of diners staying away from Chinese eateries are of Asian heritage.
Gun Sales Soar Among Asian Americans Who Fear Attacks...  …
I'm not going to retweet some of the viral, terrible, racist anti-Asian coronavirus "jokes" like coronavirus piñatas with yellow face, slant-eyed Asian faces & people wearing traditional Asian clothing w/ "It's corona time." It's not a joke. It's racist and incredibly upsetting.
Has the end of apartheid in South Africa meant that more people date outside their race? Data looking at interracial relationships largely focuses on at least one of the partners being white. We explore #Blasian (Black & Asian) love in South Africa .  …
kpop stans be like oh wow asian guy with a hat on? thats the dude from big hero 6 
AOC accidentally calls out Asians for being racist to Asian businesses 
If neither candidate address the violence and racism towards Asian Americans in this general election, I'll vote and write on the ballot, "FUCK BOTH OF YOU"
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be hispanic its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be gay its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it's never ok to not like my tweets
Asian immigrant parenting: Pro — Instills in you an extreme level of work ethic and discipline towards your goals. Con — Influences you to build your self-esteem around the attainment of those goals. Treacherous focus on feeling and looking good at the expense of being good.
. @AOC claimed racist coronavirus concerns were hurting Chinese and Asian businesses in New York. According to Peter Tu, a director at the Flushing Chinese Business Association, many of those avoiding the businesses were the city's Asian residents.  
seeing that cringe asian couple again, all over each other  …
While Bernie was never able to win the black vote, he did manage to diversify his base this time around, winning large margins among Latinos voters (as well as Muslim voters and Asian voters). The left should build on that.
Narendra Modi: How PM Modi won India's elections but paralyzed economy: Nikkei Asian Review | India Business News - Times of India  …
Black is beautiful. White is beautiful. Asian is beautiful. Hispanic is beautiful. Fat is beautiful. Skinny is beautiful. You are beautiful. -Sincerely, God 
From tavern-inspired Korean cuisine to family-style Asian fusion, here's what you should be eating in NYC's Flatiron District! 
The World Heath Organization should declare Abortion a Pandemic Abortion has killed more humans than The Swine Flu The Asian Flu The 1918 Flu HIV/AIDS And the CoronaVirus Combined.!! The Cure..Just stop doing it #pandemic #WednesdayWisdom #ByeByeBiden #BidenLosesToTrump
As usual, my opponent goes straight towards partisanship. If Gil needs a reminder: I’m a proud Asian American immigrant, long-time member of  and a public servant.  are ignorant, insensitive, and racist. (1/4)  …
Too Communist for asian Amerika, too Asian in amerika for asian Amerika This is the real diaspora identity crisis
Do you know most global data looking at interracial relationships involves at least one partner being white? So we scraped our own for black and Asian people. And gatecrashed a lunch when a couple introed their families for the first time.  …
This is not a “Wuhan Virus” This is not a “Chinese Virus” This is not an “Asian Virus” 
before i am muslim pakistani south asian i am a gamer
WHO declares #CORONAVIRUS a PANDEMIC Here's Last 5 Pandemics 2009-2010 FLU/SWINE FLU (100k-400k deaths) HIV 2005-2012 (36 million deaths) HK Flu 1968 (1-4 million deaths) Asian Flu 1957-58 (1-4 million deaths) Spanish Flu 1918-1919 (20-50 million deaths)
Co signed An ASIAN Trans woman.
If you have entertained the idea that being near an Asian person will infect you with coronavirus, congratulations, you are the actual stupidest motherfucker alive. Please keep your eye on your mail for your official certificate.
All the Asian Girls in Tekken! Aren't they all just awesome? 
Breaks my heart. We have @AndrewYang reading and apologizing to tweets all morning. A lot of you guys must really love being Asian parents. Doesn't matter what your children do in life, to honor you, to give you face, to make you smile, you're never satisfied. Good grief people!
This past week has really shown us how: -Capitalism is a detriment to public heath -the inability to  the disabled in work & academic spaces was always a lie - racism against  is still alive & well
@AOC NOT EVERYONE IS RACIST AGAINST ASIAN RESTAURANTS! This woman is sporting Corona protective gear provided by Panda Express To Go.... 
i will single handedly floor everyone in this picture starting with the girl mocking asian people eyes  …
AOC: RACISTS GONNA RACIST AOC says that ppl are not eating at Chinese/Asian restaurants right now bc they're "just straight up" racist about the Wuhan coronavirus. But Dems say we have to take this virus seriously/take every precautions & we need to blame the virus on Trump 
as an asian i am v happy and proud seeing so many asian artists making history and getting recognized globally because newsflash: it is okay for multiple kpop groups to be successful!! that’s what they want to achieve after debuting!! :) i’ll always be proud
With over 260 co-signed organizations, we called on Congress to denounce the anti-Asian racism surrounding #COVIDー19. Read our statement  …
"People are literally not patroning Chinese restaurants. They're not patroning Asian restaurants because of just straight-up racism around the coronavirus." @AOC claimed many restaurants "are feeling the pain of 
and asian people eat weird food huh  …
Is there really no need to wear a mask if you’re well? WHO suggests using face masks only if you're showing symptoms. But Asian countries have asked people to wear masks in crowded places, ill or not. Do those suggestions have merits? (Thread) 
Wait. Is your point that it's not racist to avoid Asian restaurants because of covid-19? Or that it's not happening? An "extraordinary idiot" claim with no context is pretty weak sauce. Or is it the use of patroning? Wikitionary, at least, thinks it's a word.  …
NEW: @civilrightsorg joined @NCAPAtweets and 260+ groups in calling on congressional leaders to show unity and denounce the increase in racist attacks and discrimination against the Asian  in the wake of rising concerns over coronavirus.  
Country with the second most #COVID19 cases is Italy. Third is Iran. Spain, France, Germany, USA, and Switzerland are in the top 10, too. This is not an Asian/Chinese issue. If you are as old as the people in this photo you're old enough to do some critical thinking.  …
For the weirdos and admirers I don’t want...I’m really a fat, cigar chopping, Asian man tweeting from Thailand.  …
No, Mr. McCarthy, nationality has no bearing on your likelihood of contracting or spreading the coronavirus. Misinformation like that leads to discrimination against Asian-Americans. That kind of destructive xenophobia has no place in our society, or our public health response.  …
take care of your asian friends experiencing xenophobia and racism and also your  friends experiencing ableism and eugenics discourse as this situation proceeds
The words she is looking for is not racism however irrational fears of the spread of disease perpetrated by the media focusing on the origination in the asian culture (China). If someone was racist they would never eat at these places regardless of coronavirus or not.
 stan hot Asian men with us!!  …
Asian Americans being discriminated against and physically assaulted is not a partisan issue. You can both defend the  & help Americans get the care they need. My opponent shouldn't brush racist, xenophobic &  aside when lives are at 
People in the West often pathologize Asian & African ‘cultures’ & ask ‘what’s wrong with them?’ Maybe it’s time for the Chinese or the South Koreans to ask why Western ‘cultures’ can’t recognize what has to be done in a crisis for greater good & stop being selfish & stubborn.  …
No one is blaming the  for the Corona virus. Shut up and sit down.  …
“People are not ‘PATRONING’ Asian restaurants...because of straight up racism...” First of all...what is PATRONING?? Secondly...this is the stupidest tweet I’ve seen...since AOC’s last tweet. 
Utopia falls is the biggest serve of 2020 with most actors of color where the main ship is between two black people, the wlw ship is between two woc (asian and Latina), showrunners and cast who respect their fanbase resulting in no ship wars and drama. This should be the norm.
3 books I  My Time Among the Whites: Notes From an Unfinished Education by @crucet; The Future of Another Timeline by Annalee Newitz; Minor Feelings: An Asian American Reckoning by @cathyparkhong. c ya next week, twitter
Asian American friend is dealing with racist boomers in the workplace ("disgusting asians never wash their hands"), and another got spat on repeatedly at a rec center. am I the only one that sees the social implications as a result of the coronavirus?
“To all Asian and Asian-American New Yorkers: Your city is standing with you." — @NYCFirstLady Now more than ever EVERY New Yorker needs to stand together. If you see or experience ANY discrimination related to COVID-19, report it 
. @AOC: "People are literally not patroning Chinese restaurants, they're not patroning Asian restaurants because of just straight up racism around the Coronavirus." Someone this stupid should self quarantine with a dunce cap on her head till the cows stopped farting
“Minor Feelings” is @cathyparkhong’s brilliant book of essays on being Asian American today. It was a vulnerable experience reading her—she articulated so many things I’ve felt but never said out loud. I interviewed her for @SSENSE  …
* 1.7B tiktok views * 15M twitter world record * 3.5 Insta Followers, 4months * No 1 trending on YouTube * 4th Tv personality * 24th Sexiest Asian Man * 1st Runner of BB/Real Winner * 89M Twitter counts overall #PublicKaWinnerAsim #AsimRiaz @imrealasim Our Starboy! #NeujNation
Awkwafina Is Nora From Queens EP says K-drama episode will showcase ‘hot Asian masculinity’ 
The Asian group Z-Girls from Z-Pop label came to India & Talking about how much Bollywood is famous coz of #SRK in their respective Countries... "Oh India? India means Shah Rukh Khan"... - Vanya , one of the Girls 
Please refrain from blaming these countries for the foods listed below, it is racist... @SpeakerPelosi Says so.. Italian Bread Brazil nuts Cuban Sandwich Turkish Delight Belgian Waffles Swedish meatballs Asian Pear Mongolian Beef Out of room. 
Pelosi joins Asian American lawmakers in demanding McCarthy apology for 'bigoted' tweet 
The exceptions are Asian city-states Hong Kong & Singapore, where spread has been relatively well contained through rapid & strict measures. In Singapore, quarantined people’s locations are tracked, and breach of quarantine can mean a $10k fine or prison  …
Well your TWEET needs to be reported since it demonstrates spreading MISINFORMATION! No one is blaming the ASIAN AMERICAN COMMUNITY for #coronavirus BUT it is a fact it came from ASIA, specifically WUHAN, CHINA not #RACIST a #FACT
anti asian racism // seeing a lot of misinformation about this, but  from belgium  …
The  is asking why nobody cares about them when they don’t even care enough to fight for their own civil rights. You’re getting stabbed, spit on and assaulted but nobody’s protesting. Nobody’s organizing. Nobody’s acting like they care so what example does that set 
Saudi Arabia and several other Gulf states are the last few countries in the world that practice modern day forms of slavery, and these forms are largely accepted because the victims tend to be immigrants from impoverished South Asian countries.  …
[GIVEAWAY] 2 GA Asian Sound Syndicate Vol. 2, 29 August 2020
Coronavirus is NO excuse for racism. This assault is disgusting & I am directing the State Police Hate Crimes Task Force to assist in the investigation to make sure the assailant is held accountable. NY stands with the   …
The U.S. has a long history of tying race to disease. Asian and Asian American harassment amid this #Coronavirus is no exception, but as @prof_erikalee tells @GeeDee215 and me, it doesn’t have to be that way.  …
“Asian Descent” is a  about an aspiring musician who sets aside her dreams and pride by moving back home with her immigrant parents and leans on her high school friends to figure out the next chapter of her life. via @Variety  …
I showed this pic to my male family members last year to ask what they thought this person's race was. They guessed, "Asian? Mixed with some hispanic?" I said, "He's white/korean." They said, "That's a guy??? If that's a guy he's the prettiest guy I've ever seen in my life." 
Ocasio-Cortez: People Not Going To Asian Restaurants Because They’re Racist About Coronavirus  
ICYMI: @SpeakerPelosi joins Asian American lawmakers in demanding @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy apology for 'bigoted' 
Big moment as the Budget is delivered for the first time by a British Asian chancellor #Budget2020
Are people staying away from Italian restaurants like they were Asian restaurants at the start of the coronavirus outbreak?
It’s racist to call them “Chinese” or “Asian” restaurants,  …
Is this humiliation? Or is work, work? - a South Asian migrant worker at Saudi oil giant ARAMCO’s offices is dressed as a hand sanitizer dispenser and asked to stand at reception & walk around! To me, this is cruel. It’s an offense against divine human dignity. SubhanAllah. 
Congratulations to Stephanie Balkwill (PhD, Asian 2015) who takes up a tenure-track appointment as Assistant Professor in Chinese Buddhism @UCLA in July 2021. Dr. Balkwill is currently at University of Winnipeg  …
This is what we, the East  are up against. It’s not paranoia, it’s not legitimate anxiety, it’s pure unadulterated racism whether dressed up as ‘funny’ or not. This is offensive beyond belief. Thousands have died and yet we are just the butt of a sick joke.
25. I went as far as engaging the Government to Overturn the Ban, and drawing from policies used in Regulating Asian Ride-hailing Apps. I also suggested, that when the players are back, they provide annual economic impact reports.
According to Nikke Asian review MH and AP stalled projects of  so they were unhappy with Modi government!!! How poorly research article is this ?? India is federal structure and where center has no position in this 
World bronze-medallist #ManishKaushik (63kg) on Wednesday became the 9th Indian boxer to qualify for #TokyoOlympics beating Australia's Harrison Garside 4-1 in a brutal box-off at the Asian Qualifiers in Amman, Jordan. Manish lost to the same opponent in the #CWG2018 
Patronage to Asian restaurants is down. Eating out is down period.
Historic Moment for #TeamIndia Boxer #ManishKaushik earns #Tokyo2020 as he beat Australian Harrison Garside by split decision in 63kg Box-off at the Asian Qualifiers. pugilists pass the #RoadToTokyo, India's best representation ever. #Kudos team @BFI_official 
It’s okay to be white. It’s okay to be black. It’s okay to be Asian. It’s okay to be Native American. It’s okay to be female. It’s okay to be male. It’s okay to be gay. It’s okay to be straight. It’s okay to be YOU. Wash your fucking hands
stop using photos of Asian people when talking about the coronavirus. you are perpetuating racism!  …
if castlevania fandom was like the steven universe fandom they would have speculated alucard's bamboo steamer was foreshadowing taka & sumi's arrival because they too were asian 
Asian's kids' problem when learning C++  
This is how racist Belgium is. Making fun of the corona virus while linking it to the Asian culture. But it’s also a country that hasn’t apologised for their colonial past. What did we expect?  …
You do realize there are different kinds of Asians, right? We’re all not Chinese...lol. And as an “Asian,” I took his statement to mean a virus that originated out of China.  …
. @AOC: "People are literally not patroning Chinese restaurants, they're not patroning Asian restaurants because of just straight up racism around the Coronavirus." 
Just got profiled at Melbourne International airport. I was selected to line up, only with people of Asian heritage, for the sniffer dog check. I told the customs official that the profiling was racist. A guy in front of me - who probably always has to deal with this - thanked me
Dear Asian people: You are loved This is not your fault, a virus is a virus it does not stem from one race Im sorry people are making y'all feel guilty and sad, and are being ignorant and mean
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be hispanic its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be gay its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it's never ok to steal gfx
Arabs are the most ignorant people on this planet, laced with narcissism and a  How derogatory is this in nature, treating a human like that for your convinience and easy to do so because he’s helpless and south asian.  …
Happy @BBCNews are today reporting on a 5,000 signature petition calling for safety action on the A487 Sad @BBCNews still can't bring themselves to report on the 110,000 signature petition calling for the release of findings regarding "Asian Grooming"  …
Asian inspired fabrics like that used by Paul Poiret for this c.1921 coat in our collection were popular with contemporary couturiers. Silk matelassés of similar design and texture were advertised by Poiret's regular supplier Bianchini in 1922 (images @SILibraries @metmuseum 
Channelling action from #CMSCOP13 in #India to Central Asia - @IUCN @SpeciesSavers ready to support implementation of the CMS Central Asian Mammals Initiative (CAMI). Learn more here:  
We all expected China or east Asia to spread the disease in Africa But nahhh, it's them Europeans who saw Singapore and Taiwan in " war mode" & decided to unlook This is why Asian economies have risen the most the last 40 years Pragmatic and realistic to the chore, well-done.
Ocasio-Cortez says people are not eating at Chinese and Asian restaurants right now because they are "just straight up" racist about the coronavirus 
the intro is similar to the ones you see on Asian Food Channel or TLC 
Map and front page of Glasgow Corporation’s Medical Health Officer regarding the Influenza outbreak of 1957 (also known as the Asian Flu). Thankfully a vaccine and treatment were quickly developed. Ref: D-TC7/11/14. 
How Modi won India's elections but paralyzed the economy? Over the past five years, the ratio of banks' soured loans has jumped from around 4% to more than 9%. - Nikkei Asian Review  …
Yorkshire pudding wrap stall opens at Norwich Market. Callum Irven: "I looked around the market at things that weren't available and there were lots of different Asian styles and cuisines from around the world but not traditional British..."  …
You know what I love about @AndrewYang? People from all over the nation on all political parties actually give a rat's @$$about an Asian man's endorsement. I never imagined in my lifetime that people would really care. Respect to this beautiful and smart man! #Yang2024
Kim Taehyung YES! Now off for Final Battle...100 Asian Hearthrob 2020 @starmometer We are getting this for Taehyung 3rd & last battle to enter the Hall of Fame and  again on this crown he owned 2 years in a year (2018 & 2019) THANK YOU ARMY & kimTAEarmy...FIGHTING 
divas there is so much to be said here but i am so tired. please PLEASE support and advocate for asian creators, artists, and experts to tell their own stories especially in spheres of society that LACK the representation in the first place.
#Sanjivani Fame Sexiest Asian Woman @SurbhiChandna Aka #DrIshani With Her Two "Ati Sundar Purush" Means - Two Handsome Dashing Hunk @gauravchopraa Aka #MrSingh @kunnubhan Aka #Drrahil From #Holi Ka Dahan 
Hello, please kindly take some time out to vote for Jin in Battle Round - Level 3 in the 100 Asian Heartthrobs of 2020, as he is still on no.2 You can vote as much as you want by refreshing the page after casting every vote!  … #JIN #진 #석진 
Here's @mosharrafzaidi , writing abt the #AuratAzadiMarch "For the honour of the South Asian man, South Asian women endure fire, acid, bricks, sticks and stones...Unwanted labels in the public discourse. Unwanted proposals in their drawing rooms.."  …
"Literally not patroning." Can someone teach this girl English? She's a freaking US congressman! Also, not going to an Asian restaurant to avoid getting an illness originating in Asia is not racism, you puppet. 
A fresh downdraft in Asian trading hours follows two tumultuous days marked by a violent global selloff and a sharp rebound 
How PM Modi won India's elections but paralyzed economy : Nikkei Asian Review  …
I’m Asian and every time you say racism it makes me sick to my stomach
Ocasio-Cortez says people are not eating at Chinese and Asian restaurants right now because they are "just straight up" racist about the coronavirus 
SM plan for the rest of 2020 (possibly relevant to @RVsmtown) • Solo + unit debuts for existing artists • Reschedule Southeast Asian concerts to after 2nd Quarter 
Where are all the Asian parents?  …
Asian-owned restaurants and businesses in the Las Vegas Valley are hurting as coronavirus concerns grow. @JaclynFOX5Vegas reports from Chinatown. STORY:  
Jun Sung Ahn "There wasn't any big growth until BTS came into the picture, and they just with sheer numbers just destroyed the world market. They actually really made it possible for Asian artist to be seen" 
me: u.s. presence in Asia is gross & the fetishization & dehumanization of Asian girls by americans is violence endorsed by the state wh*te man: that’s very important i saw that happen the 10 yrs i was in the pacific! funny enough, when i was in seoul the locals drank so much—
i miss asian food 
STOCKING UP ON SELF DEFENSE: Gun sales are skyrocketing across the San Gabriel Valley as Asian Americans in the area fear they may be targeted because of their ethnicity amid rising fears about the spread of the coronavirus.  
King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands has apologised for his country's aggression during its colonial rule of Indonesia and formally recognised the Southeast Asian country's independence date  …
How PM @narendramodi won India's elections but paralyzed economy: Nikkei Asian Review In a column, Nikkei Asian Review has discussed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's win in elections and the struggle with the economy.  via 
