I'm at #sihliveevent, an Asian American Christian women's conference, in So. Cal. Loved that the African  got a shoutout from the stage for being great role models to Asian Americans about how to take up space and lead. Thank you!!!
Why are asian people so scared of long hair dude.  …
True story: I once had a white man ask me why Black people can't acquire wealth as quickly as white people or Asian Americans. I couldn't even answer that. I think my brain short circuited.
Yes, everyone should know, but they are not Asian, they are Muslim. This is not a race issue, it is a political ideology issue.
“omg why is everyone calling me an ABG i hATE being called that haha stop im so not an ABG!” -asian girl who secretly loves being called an abg and brings up every abg stereotype she falls into when she gets the chance
do you cauc(asian) people understand how fucking stupid y'all look when you make gang signs lmaooooooooooooo
inexcusable, racist behavior from this radio host @Hot102pr. he thought he could soften his racist remark (calling the members after asian dishes) by saying their names are weird and following it with “don’t boycott me, army”. we demand an apology 
Every Brit. should answer this poll to see if the government have got it right. Do The British People deserve to know the truth about Asian grooming gangs and the crimes they  around our country, should the government release their findings? Answer then RT please
Today is a HUGE test for Biden's theory that he'll do better once this race moves on to more diverse states. In some ways, Nevada is more representative of the increasing diversity of the country than South Carolina - with sizable populations of black, Latino and Asian voters.
US Department of State:  news that wrestlers from Pakistan  in the Asian Wrestling Championship 2020 in India this week. Sports can be an effective tool to build bridges and strengthen people-to-people ties. Best of luck to all the athletes. 
Presented today on how war, migration, and racial capitalism shape Southeast Asian/American health to groups of Southeast Asian undergrads. Blown away by their intellectual engagement, hunger to do right for  and willingness to dig into deep conversations. 
23/ Firtash and Mogilevich Dmitry Firtash is a Ukrainian shadow broker for Semion Mogilevich for the transport and sale of Central Asian gas into Ukraine More
 a Twitter list for Asian American and Pacific Islander political journalists so we can amplify their great work this election year. Please follow and send suggestions (especially of local/regional journalists)!  …
Asian women agree 
I assure you that we did not choose this.....the idea that asian girls appear younger and thus are less mature is a very....uh...yellow fever fetishism issue
I really hope people realize that the implication that 'anime girls look too young/don't look mature' is really insulting and also kind of lowkey racist bc a lot of asian people appear 'younger' to westerners....Like im sorry that we look perpetually under 25?
If the data set in your study and the literature you reviewed didn't include Native Hawaiians and/or other Pacific Islanders, don't use the the term "Asian American and Pacific Islander."
It isn’t lost on me that we’re trying to make history. New York has NEVER had a South Asian Member of Congress. Thank you to the Himalayan Democratic Club for putting your faith in me. 
for this year's AAPA conference in LA, @skyy_mal and I really want to start a South Asian Anthropologists Group (SAAG) and organize a lunch or dinner. We are VERY excited about making this happen and creating a  Is there any interest beyond us?
If you're an Asian caucusing for Yang in NV, please slowly walk over to Pete's section and start coughing uncontrollably nonstop. Thanks
imagine if minhyuk joined tiktok and all you saw is “duet with me oppa”, “pls follow back oppa”, “Oppa asian king” in  
today, i got asked if i was asian...... that’s a new one 
The lack of data on the ethnicity of coronavirus victims/deaths is an infuriating consequence of an "anti-racist" regime. Even if the rumored disparate "Asian" impact via ACE2 receptors is incorrect, it's almost inevitable there WILL be disparate impacts along racial lines
Asian agent streaming maze and senorita..TASTE 
“I look into this crowd of all Asian American women, and feel so refreshed. And then I wonder: Is this what white people feel all the time?” - @HelenLeeBooks Can I just listen to Helen talk all day? 
I grew up in predominately Asian and Latino neighbourhoods and let me tell you, it’s not a joke.
Stopped by one of the participating restaurants of #AsialiciousFest, Saint Germain Bakery, and enjoyed their delicious baked goods. I encourage everyone to continue supporting your local Asian businesses! #ShopLocal 
Hey everyone I’ve had a change of heart and now I understand that the only people allowed to say dyke are white femme lesbians who fetishize asian women And the only people allow to say faggot are racist nazi femboys from 4chan Sorry for all this confusion
At the Lupus Project joining us in our booth is @cvonraesfeld from @LupusMore . Come by and get information on First of three symposiums on How Lupus affects the Minorities, the African American Community, Asian, Hispanic Communities.. #Looms4lupus #Morethanlupus,  – at Art Share LA
been a while since I've made an Overly Edited - watch an asian with low alcohol tolerance even for asians drink alcohol and play a very friendly game of mario party with @WhimsyShrimp @WhimsicalPlush and  …
Mashallah Great To Have @muftimenk At our @mylahore Manchester Marquee...Next Stop Our Home Town Bradford #British #Asian #Pakistan #Philanthropist #Diversity #britishasianstory #Cohesion #Heritage #Community #Mentalhealthawareness #lightuponlight #muftimenk #Ambassadors 
no asian boy hasnt not done shisha  …
@EP_President @vonderleyen @Europarl_EN @donaldtuskEPP @POTUS @anjahazekamp @BorisJohnson @WhiteHouse We urge the western countries to force china to end the dog, cat meat trade. If trading with china or other asian country, demand they stop cruelty and improve animal welfare 
having asian glow is so inconvenient
It is! It basically throws all nuance out the window for shock value....and it essentially ignores the fact that young looking people in asia is...normal? Bc how westerners look at age vs how asian ppl look at age....shockingly uses different measures?
Epidemics killing thousands and being the source of hysteria fueled racism against asian people are and never will be funny
NO ASIAN TRAINS EDC 2020 NO ASIAN TRAINS EDC 2020 NO ASIAN TRAINS EDC 2020
RT @Reuters: China's coronavirus outbreak has devastated the Asian airline industry as they stand to lose $27.8 billion of revenue this year  
Nostalgia piece for me. 2006 when I used to work for Asian Age. Dinesh Lad sir went on to produce more cricketer  years. Apart from Rohit, am happy to be part of few more journeys @imShard @siddhesshlad, Harmeet Singh, Atif. All from Swami Vivekananda 
When everyone hated on SNSD for winning the YouTube awards because they were asian over Justin beiber and drake but didn’t know SNSD are more American than them  …
I hate that this mentality is  in asian culture :T it just always feels like im not allowed to have relationships for fun? The only purpose for relationships is finacial stabilty and grandchildren. All other reasons are indulgent/selfish :-(
time to make a tiktok so i can be the token asian gamer influencer to endorse purses or sum shit
IRAN's Coronavirus Crisis could already have spread through Shi'i pilgrimage traffic. A Lebanese pilgrim returning from Qom tested positive Iran has shutdown all pilgrimages to holy sites in Iraq Potential to spread to South Asian   …
A cleverly worded tweet by an Islamist, but still exposed: south Asian Zeal = Islamization of Asia BJP members calling a spade as spade is insult of Muslims (so used to appeasement) Education cannot change a few things
Alexander the Great integrated Asian cavalry units into his mounted Macedonian squadrons to form the most feared cavalry force in the world by 323 BC Screenshot by Malay Archer. 
 need to talk about Latasha Harlins. Korean people, we need to be talking about Latasha Harlins. stop sweeping anti-blackness in  under the rug.
Listen to Jill. Listen also to all your Asian and South Asian friends. If  to my home and don't take off your shoes at the door we will judge you openly.  …
Asian American  11 percent of the electorate in Nevada and are poised to play a major role in the caucuses  …
Early #NVCaucus Entrance Poll: Whites 66% Hispanics 17% Black 10% Asian 3% Other 3% CNN
I would dare @JunetMohamed to tell the people of Meru next weekend that they should never have elected Hon Rahim Dawoud as MP there or stop over in Ruiru,where the late Gearbox Cyrus Omondi(May he RIP) was elected McA or the Kenyan Asian MCA in Juja? Tell them they shouldn’t have  …
There is no future for young people anymore my advice for young skilled people is to get out while you can.Graduates should actually consider emigrating there is greater demand for skilled labour in many Asian, Europe and western countries as well as Australia and New Zealand.
I must be the only person who doesn't know what BTS look like even tho they're so popular. Any group of Asian dudes can just walk up to me and say they're BTS and I'll believe them.
So are you telling me the people of Kiambu were STUPID to elect the late Gearbox Cyrus Omondi(May he RIP) as an MCA in Juja or a Kenyan Asian? Or the Meru people in electing Hon Rahim Dawoud??? UJINGA is that Narrative from the anarchists.  …
What a Crock of SH!T. America is safer and stronger than ever before. People’s Constitutional Rights are respected again! Sorry we will NOT except late term extreme abortions or infanticide. The Nation is UNIFIED - Black Hispanic Asian White Under TRUMP! #WWG1WGA  …
One of the least examined trends is the shift in Asian voter habits over the last decade or so. Voters from a region affected  trended Republican in some early immigration waves, but have trended Democratic in recent election cycles. @AndrewYang symbolized this  …
Last time man rocked asian 
Dahiya wins gold, Bajrang settles for silver at Asian Wrestling C'ship  …
"What it's like to never ever see yourself on TV." Author Charles Yu on growing up Asian in America 
19 year old #AmulyaLeonaNoronha is not only in prison on sedition charges, but now faces a Rs 10 lakh bounty on her life by a far right terrorist outfit. All for saying Long Live all South Asian nations. Shame on AIMIM which invited her to speak, then threw her to the wolves.  …
aight any interaction with this tweet is a signature to the petition to have more asian and black disney princesses and ONE or more latina disney princess that has her own iconic movie and not just in the cartoons like elena she don’t  on there’s 903 of y’all. LETS GO
Lalisa Manoban is the only asian in the top 20 list of ”Celebrities front row at Milan Fashion Week 2020”… PROUD @ygofficialblink  
COVID-19/Coronavirus &  Asian Fashion Weeks (March 2020) Tokyo Fashion Week is still scheduled. Seoul Fashion Week is still scheduled. Shanghai Fashion Week is postponed. Beijing Fashion Week is postponed. A lot can change in a month, but that's where we are now.
asian girls who think wearing falsies and drinking boba is a personality trait LMFAOOOOO  …
Apples are Asian. They weren’t brought to America until a few hundred years ago.
Want to be a pro golfer? Honda Mon Q edition... In 36 hours a total of... 23 PGA Tour Wins 34 Euro Tour Wins 41 KFT Wins 13 Australasian Wins 10 Asian Tour Wins Over 6,000 PGA Tour starts and over TWO-HUNDRED TWELVE MILLION $'S in PGA Earnings Will tee it up at Honda Mon
Wondering about a career in research? If you are a Black, Asian or minority ethnic undergrad in #STEM, join us on Weds 11th March to discuss, network, and learn about mentoring with researchers at all stages! @BB_STEM @MinoritySTEM @icunion Register:  
why do people think being racist to asian or indian people is ok lmao its still racism at the end of the day
Well said, @SangayMishra. Expertise on India is not the same as expertise on Indian Americans. Surveys over the last decade show that Indian Americans (including Hindus) are among the least Republican of Asian American voters. See, for example   …
Wave of racist attacks against Asian Americans in wake of coronavirus outbreak  …
Remember how the anti-Modi gang was screaming last year that Rupee was the worst performing Asian currency? Well..in 2020 so far, Rupee is among the five best performing Emerging Market currencies in the world! I bet you didn't see or hear anything from that gang
The list includes the Asian Elephant, Jaguar, Great Indian Bustard, Bengal Florican, Little Bustard, Antipodean Albatross & the Oceanic White-tip Shark in the Appendix I & Urial, Smooth Hammerhead Shark & the Tope Shark in Appendix II. 
Congratulations brother @ravi_kumar_60 for winning the Asian championships ..  to the club.. Keep it up 
India's Ravi Dahiya wins men's 57kg freestyle gold at Asian Wresling Championship. #UWW #WFI
India's star wrestler Bajrang Punia settles for silver after losing 65kg final to Japan's Takuto Otoguro at Asian Championships in New Delhi #uww #asianwrestling
I find it amusing how some Europeans still look down on Asians, when in reality East Asian capitalistic countries are already light years ahead of them, in many respects.
This guy gets that establishment trying to cover up the rotherham (et al) "asian" rape gangs simply tars & separates the whole  from UK, i.e. everybody loses. Fair, transparent Justice binds us all together.  …
Had some tasty Uyghur food at Dilara in Finsbury Park - my favourite Central Asian cuisine! 
 1 ano dessa obra de arte, Let's Shut Up & Dance  esquecer o Mark cantando: jamaican girls wanted to blow down and his asian girls wanted to work it out? 
News Flash: Silver medal for India as Bajrang Punia loses to former World Champion Takuto Otoguro 2-10 in Final (FS 65kg) of Asian Wrestling Championships. Earlier also, Bajrang had lost to the Japanese in Final of World Championships in 2018 
Despite their cat-like appearance and behaviors,  palm civets like this one (a subspecies of the Asian palm civet), are actually more closely related to other small carnivores like weasels and mongooses. #Java #civet #hunter #nocturnal #PhotoArk 
Great Indian Bustard, Asian Elephant, Bengal Florican from India among 10 wildlife species added to global Wildlife Agreement at #CMSCOP13
#SarileruNeekevvaru HYD 22/2 Amb 1:30pm FULL inox gsm 2:40pm 80% FULL Forum 4pm FULL Asian uppal 4:30pm 80% FULL Taluri 6pm FULL Prasads 7:45pm FULL Cineplanet 7:30pm FULL Taluri 9pm FULL Super Saturday
something positive we can take from the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 voting is that xiaozhan's international fandom has grown so much. we know his fandom in china is huge (and they didn't help at all in this voting) but we got him nearly 2 million votes with just intl fans alone 
...and the Central Asian Flyway office will be in India, which gets 90% of critical stopover sites for the millions of birds on this flyway! Think cranes, godwits, plovers, flamingos, eagles..  …
News: @BonnConvention meeting in India wraps up with major new actions for #MigratorySpecies - 10 species added to Global Wildlife Agreement including the Asian #Elephant , Jaguarand Great Indian Bustard Info:  
East Asian Cultural clothing and fashion during different dynastys and timelines.. really interesting. 
Let me find out power wasn’t even playing on his account vs me dude had another Asian post the screenshot 
Just in: 18 yr old Gourav Baliyan gets Silver medal (79 kg) in Asian Wrestling Championships; goes down after giving a tough fight to Krygz grappler 5-7 in Final. Its 15th medal for India in the Championship. PS: Gourav is the one for future, without doubt. 
Went to a pharmacy. Got ‘splained by random white woman about why “Asian people” shouldn’t be “panic buying” masks. Came out of supermarket. Got yelled at by random guy for not wearing a mask & spreading virus.
[] Top Ten Awards FINALS Asian ATINY, less than 4 days left!!  • sign up w/ different accounts • scroll down & select ATEEZ • vote up to 30x a day • voting ends Feb 25! See how to collect voting tickets. @ATEEZofficial #ATEEZ 
what if BAEKHO  an actor in: • European Romantic Film • East Asian Neo-noir Film #강동호 #백호 #BAEKHO 
Which means they will be getting more protection under the Convention on Migratory species. Three of them are spearheaded by India; - Asian #elephant - Bengal #florican - Great Indian #Bustard Courtesy: FB page of CMS.
Great News for world #wildlife conservation & the protection of #migratoryspecies! #CMSCOP13 adopted ALL species listing proposals! Asian Elephant Jaguar Urial Antipodean Albatross Little Bustard GIB Bengal Florican OWT Shark SH Shark Tope Shark 
100 top athletes in the country are also being helped. These are the players who are hopeful for Tokyo Olympics. Players who benefit from this scheme have already won over 200 medals at Commonwealth Games, Asian Games, Asian Para Games and Youth Olympics: PM Modi 
#Kolkata Relish the sumptuous flavours of the Far East at the Southeast Asian Food Trail at Mainland China. Come and indulge in a delectable weekday set lunch with your loved ones at just Rs 699. Call us for more details #MainlandChina #SouthEastAsian #FoodTrai 
seungyoun here be looking like those famous asian tiktokers pass him the hype 
YOU'RE PERFORMATIVELY FUMING AT A JOLLY, HARD-WORKING ASIAN MAKING POT OF TEA. WTF is wrong with you?
Congratulations your Royal Highness and @OfficialJohor. Looks super. A game changer in SE Asian football. All the best to Alistair, Jay, @vijhayvick, Martin and the rest of the  …
So, it is racist to highlight a British Asian's ethnic background and insinuate they are not native British but it is not racist to do that if the Asian is a Tory Home Secretary. Is that the latest Decree? Got it! Book marked and filed!
I think the next bond should be a female lbgt transgender black Korean Asian with a disability just in the spirit of equality and all that
PRESS RELEASE: #CMSCOP13 Concludes in #India With Major New Actions for #MigratorySpecies - Ten Migratory Species Added to Global Wildlife Agreement including the Asian #Elephant , Jaguarand Great Indian Bustard  
Concerted Action proposal from #India for Asian Elephant approved by CMS Parties at #CMSCOP13! Actions will improve cooperation among the range countries to tackle barriers to migration and reduce human-elephant conflicts!  
Asian grooming gang victim was raped by 300 men before she was 15 and often 'ten at once'  …
Congratulations our dear Andrea Brillantes and also to Seth EdukCircle Social Media Awards at Asian Center Toyota Auditorium UP Diliman IcanSeeSETHDREAsVoice ctto: 
#JiminToday A day after its release, Filter  the #81 most-played song on Apple Music. It is the highest-charting song by a Korean and an Asian solo artist on Apple Music Global Top 100 today. #JIMIN #지민 @BTS_twt
Great News for world #wildlife conservation & the protection of #migratoryspecies! #CMSCOP13 adopted ALL species listing proposals! Asian Elephant Jaguar Urial Antipodean Albatross Little Bustard GIB Bengal Florican OWT Shark SH Shark Tope Shark 
Remember when tlj made the personification of star wars (everything that it is and all that it represented) an asian woman? I miss Rose.
In NASA's 62-year history, there have only been 100 flight directors. Only 15 of them have been women, and now, the agency has its first South Asian female flight director. 
 & visit STAE’s stall at the @EalngAnimalFair on 7 March. Tombola with great prizes, STAE merchandise for sale & our CEO Duncan McNair speaking about the horrors faced by Asian elephants in tourism and solutions:  
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Mingyu vs Jungkook 
Pls help to vote Shua n Seokmin in 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round Joshua:  … Dokyeom:  … #JOSHUA #DOKYEOM #DK #조슈아 #도겸 @pledis_17
Wow! Amazing day for India in Asian Wrestling Championships: 4 out of 5 Indian wrestlers in action today are through to Final. Ravi Kumar (FS 57kg) Bajrang Punia (FS 65kg) Gourav (FS 79kg) Satywart Kadian (FS 97kg) Naveen (FS 70kg) will fight for Bronze 
Genius Top 40 Trending Songs: Pop Songs Today 3. Filter (Eng) – 63.4K 4. 친구 (Friend/s) (Eng) – 62.6k 19. Filter – 20.9K 20. 친구 (Friend/s) – 20K Filter is the highest-charting lyrics by a Korean and Asian solo artist on today's Genius Top 40 Chart and Top 40 Pop Chart. 
The core of the reigning UAAP girls volleyball champion NU-Nazareth School will banner the Philippine team in the 2020 Asian Women’s U-19 Volleyball Championship. Source:  … #AsianWomensU19
You don’t have to imagine it. Say it. 2008 exit polls: 95 percent of black people 43 percent of white 67 percent Latino 62 percent Asian 49 percent white men 56 percent white women They’re just numbers. Don’t be afraid of them.  …
y’all don’t understand how amazing this show was... it had so many elements of different cultures that was depicted in a respectful way, the character development was crazy big (esp zuko’s redemption arc), good life and moral lessons it had, how did we ever deserve this  …
STARMOMETER: 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round Voting Period: Feb 22nd-Feb 28th at 11pm KST TAEYONG is nominated in LVL 2 of the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round poll. Voting in this poll is unlimited.  … #NCT127 #TAEYONG 
Brilliant start for India in Asian Championships: Bajrang Punia beats reigning World Championships Silver medalist Sharifiv 11-0 to whom he lost in Semis last year; moves into QF (65 kg). Ravi Kumar upsets former World Champion 14-5 to move into QF (57 kg) #WrestleNewDelhi
The construct of whiteness is malleable, but only on our own terms. It's not simply a descriptor of skin tone, for one thing. I have darker skin than a lot of Asian people but they're not white, I am. In the past Irish and Italians weren't widely accepted as white, now they are.
Walked out of the hanok village speaking in English and white dude turns around to look at me and went “that was unexpected” and I was like “what do you mean” and he’s like “oh you know I didn’t expect that it was English!” And I replied “oh yeah. Asian people speak English too.”
CMS adopts a resolution for India hosting an office for the Central Asian Flyway, reporting to the CMS. This means work on this much neglected flyway can begin in earnest, which will include conservation, research, capacity building. Series of range state meetings will now follow 
The 19-year-old man who brandished and fired a gun at Jamia students, injuring one, has NOT been charged with sedition. 19-year-old #AmulyaLeonaNoronha has been charged with sedition, for a poor choice of opening phrase in an attempt to say "Zindabad" to all South Asian nations.
Also...I’ve seen patients who have told me coworkers were suspicious of them because they were coughing while Asian. Don’t be that guy.  …
im an asian man's whore  …
Riz Ahmed's #MogulMowgli is about a British Asian rapper dealing with issues of identity and cultural and religious heritage 
Being racist to asian people but not black people does not make you not racist. Being transphobic to non binary trans people but not binary trans people does not make you not transphobic. If you are racist, you are racist. If you are transphobic, you are transphobic.
this is the asian version of those sorority videos  …
okay but still very confused on how a white man and a black woman make a asian kid ???? someone had to say it
asian parents leave no chance to bring up your studies
why is asian doll ugly to y’all? like on a serious note.
This virus is in New York. How can it not be. Every other person I see is Asian. One of these guys flew there and came back. The aids is in the air as we speak.
Vegan chowfun with 3 meats, spicy crispy beef, and strawberry cheesecake with green tea ice cream from Chef Kenny’s asian vegan restaurant also fried wontons that I inhaled so I didn’t take a pic of it lol 
People really say “all asians look alike” when this guy looks like 4 different  …
Just stood up for this Asian person on the subway that was undergoing coronavirus harassment. This should not be going on. Remember, help out folks if you see this!
Important MEA conference on Asian economies to be held in #Pune every year The 3-day event, rechristened as the Asia Economic Dialogue, would be held at the @PuneIntCentre from Feb 28.  … @MEAIndia @DrSJaishankar @rameshmashelkar @Girbane
#FreshOffTheBoat may have said goodbye tonight, but its legacy will live on as a major milestone in Asian American representation in TV and film. Shout out to @parkrandall @ConstanceWu @HudsonDYang @wheeler_forrest @theianchen @LucilleSoong! Congrats on six wonderful  …
I live in North NJ and I’m white. I feel like a minority where I live. Mainly Hispanic and Asian population. I’ve never seen anyone have problems with white supremacists. However, there was a radicalized Muslim man who’s family owned a Fried Chicken place who bombed NYC and NJ
Happy finale night to @FreshOffABC , aka how I learned that not using the dishwasher was actually an Asian American thing (“dish drying rack”!!) and not just a weird thing my family did!! 
Our president @realDonaldTrump is one of the most inclusive presidents that I have ever seen in my professional life, as a sexual health counselor. He  the gay population,     and women's rights.
told me he doesn’t like asian girls everything is Pain,,,,,,,, 
ASIAN ARMY, OUR TURN TO STREAM “ON” #StreamingPartyON Thank you and Good night Europian Army 
Grateful to have the @NobuWorldwide team with us in our Tokyo kitchen today, as we prepare meals for the quarantined #DiamondPrincess We are cooking up an Asian noodle stir fry with fresh vegetables! 
"ok seungkwan you live here then. mommy’s leaving" only the ones with asian parents understand this joke 
‘Fresh Off The Boat’ Series Finale: Groundbreaking ABC Family Sitcom Says Farewell, Leaving Legacy Of Asian American Representation On TV  
INT'L ARMYSyall can take a rest or sleep while asian armys (and others as well) can take care of the streaming! remember that your health is still important we love you all and thank you for your efforts WE ALL CAN DO THIS! #BTS 
asian men ugly...??? where...??? 
Fun fact: In between the years 2010-2020 ONLY TWO best director winners have been American born (one of them a woman), two of them Asian born, and 3 Mexican born, with two of the Mexican directors winning twice in the decade. We aren’t going backward, we are going forward.  …
. ISLAMIC TERRORISM - MORE GROOMING GANG MEMBERS SENTENCED UK Leftist FakeNews Media Calls these Guys 'Asian' - More 'Asian' (Islamic Terrorists) Grooming Gang (Rapists) Members Sentenced for Rapes of Children .  …
The blood, sweat and tears of Asian women working in sweatshops making her plagiarized clothing tat lines?
it’s been a year since mark’s jamaican girls wanted to blow down and his asian girls wanted to work it out dww mark we can still work it out 
Technological innovation & falling panel prices have made #solar power inexpensive enough  w/ other fuel sources in some regions. That could turbocharge growth of #renewables, especially in fast-growing Asian markets, @WSJ reports  
How asian aunties look at you in public 
I love Twitter. I feel so supported! It’s so great to see so many other Indigenous scholars and also Black, Latinx, Asian, Native Hawaiian, and white allies
european armys, its time for you to go to sleep and rest. And its time for asian armys to continue the streaming party. ARMYYY WE CAN MAKE IT. FIGHTING #StreamingPartyON
New Critic's Notebook by @inkookang: Even as #FreshOffTheBoat slipped in quality, it was instrumental in helping launch a boom in big- and small-screen Asian American representation 
As the series finale of @FreshOffABC airs tonight, we thank the creators, cast & crew for ensuring Asian American representation on TV. We were honored to recognize the show & host actor @HudsonDYang & Exec. Producer Melvin Mar during our API Heritage Month Ceremony in 
one year ago we were gifted with mark's jamaican girls wanna blow it down my asian girls wanna work it out  …
This is a gross and earnest tweet but I’m so thankful for First Sip Cafe in Uptown — sister and SE Asian-owned coffee shop. Spent all day there, connected with so many SE Asian friends, discussed identity, and took too many shots. Wow :,)
SNACK ATTACK!! My old friend @davidchang was also in Korea while I was filming #OlympicDreams. He and I share a life long love of snacks. So we ate all the snacks at his Asian snack market Peach Mart. I’ve been a mess ever since. Full video on IGTV:  
good morning asian armys are now awake we'll take care of the streaming, to our dear european armys you can take some rest now we gotchu 
saw this really cute asian guy on the tl who is he because i’m ready to stan 
European, American and African armys go to sleep Asian armys are going to stream.  …
Asian armys are awake now, we will take over so get some rest  …
Im asian army and I just woke up to continue streaming lets do this!  …
Asian Doll Is Loading ...... 
Asian America is the sick man of Asia
good morning let's get back to streaming asian armys!! #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_7 #BTSComeback2020 #StreamingPartyON #WeONWithBTS  …
Melbourne! Our show Double Delicious—showcasing five Asian-Aussie storytellers’ stories + food—starts next week. We sold out in Sydney, got 4 + 4.5 star reviews, and fans include @kwongkylie + David Marr! Come hungry. Bring fam and tissues. 27 Feb—1 Mar  
These are the real racist crimes happening in our towns & cities, yet no celebrity has have ever uttered a hashtag, let alone an acceptance speech in protest. A devastating take down of the Woke Left's silence on the 'contagion' of Asian grooming gangs.  …
EVERY ASIAN ARMYS RIGHT NOW 
Such brazen and easily disprovable lies from Jason here. Bernie has the most diverse coalition of any campaign. Bernie Sanders leads nationwide among, black, Hispanic, Asian and white voters in new poll  …
Visitors are greeted by the largest Buddha in the mainland United States as they enter the Art Institute's galleries of Indian, Southeast Asian, and Himalayan art. Learn fascinating details about this remarkable sculpture from curator Madhuvanti Ghose.  …
so like,, are you an 88rising asian a travis scott asian an edm asian or a kpop asian
So if anyone is thinking about going out for a meal this weekend, supporting a local Chinese-owned restaurant (or other East Asian restaurant bc American racism is truly that ignorant) would be a nice thing to do.  …
I was just randomly approached and called  by a white man. I feel offended as an Asian American. I do not know who he works for but this echoes the statements made by @MikeBloomberg. I demand an immediate apology from the @Mike2020 campaign. These attacks must  …
I’m racially fluid. When I apply to college, I’m Asian, when I apply for assistance, I’m white, and when a  to the door, no hablo inglés
More ‘Asian‘ Grooming Gang Members Sentenced for Raping Children.  via @BreitbartNews
Criticise Priti Patel on policy, fine. She is a politician and can take it; she might expect it. Let's not stray into mockery on the level of authenticity as an Asian. That hashtag isn't great. Some politicians seem to polarise. Diane Abbott, Priti Patel. But play the ball pls.
I’m slightly confused, can someone explain is the UK now a Majority black and Asian Country ? Can anyone employed in the advertising industry, give me a heads up please ?
I am LITERALLY getting lectured and I didn’t do shit! This is my childhood all over again!!! Why do I feel he’s about to pull over and whoop my ass !!!! This is literally my version of hell. Being asian dad lectured in an hour car ride with no way to escape. IS THIS HELL!?!?
I remember when there was an Asian man running for president talking about these futuristic issues we are facing.  …
team abroad please vote tayo kay dodong ni maymay #MayWard #MaymayEntrata #EdwardBarber @maymayentrata07 @Barber_Edward_ 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Ong Seong Wu vs Edward Barber  … via @starmometer
Mr. President, our country and culture have BENEFITED from Asian artists and the diversity of  Films should be judged on the quality of their content, not their country of origin.
I have literally never been in an accident. I swerve to avoid asian drivers and women left and right all day without a single scratch. Car gets borrowed once and in a matter of hours its totaled
The idea that it's likely any Asian looking person has family in China, and is in contact with them, and therefore at risk of transmitting a virus to *you* is as weird as me saying you might transmit your love of potatoes to me (ugh) because you're probably Irish
UK: “Asian groomer rapist” sentenced to 7 years, will likely be out in 3 years 
Dirty bastards Asian grooming gang victim was raped by 300 men before she was 15 and often 'ten at once'  …
China's coronavirus outbreak has devastated the Asian airline industry as they stand to lose $27.8 billion of revenue this year  
If it’s who I’m thinking, she coordinated harassment of the toymaker and also used terms like “Asian-ness” as a pejorative to describe her dislike of the toy, so she’s hardly the angel you’re making her out to be. Maybe think on why people might’ve taken umbrage with this:  
Asian carp is a real threat to native fish but #Kentucky waters are hardly pristine. As with the rest of #Appalachia abandoned #coal mine drainage, nutrient waste from #agriculture & pollution from inadequate #sewage are enormous problems yet you @Trump & @GOP destroy 
So South Korea is the bad guy now? After we basically hired their soldiers to serve for us in the Vietnam war as mercs & so many POTUS exploited them for their own American expansionism during Coldwar. Wake up call to all Asian American including Chinese Americans to  …
Preparing for makeup: Mardji, an Asian elephant who portrayed the Bantha in Star Wars, A New Hope 
Genesis is a really big project and I'm positive it's the most we've ever done in terms of story narrative and lore. To all our Asian/Japanese survivors, thanks for hanging in there!  …
Survivors, The Asian/Japanese Genesis 1 will be delayed until March due to the increased localization required for this release. This will not impact our 2/25 rollout for other regions. We will keep you updated on our progress.
Invasive #AsianCarp presents a serious danger to Kentucky's pristine waters which impacts anglers, boaters, & businesses. #Kentucky continues to lead the national fight against Asian carp & I'm proud to work w/local leaders & President Trump to protect  & economy. 
I’ve had white people use the theory to invalidate my indigeneity and say that I’m asian rather than Alaska native. people in Alaska use it to delegitimize our claim to our land.  …
Trump’s blatant racism  wrong yet entirely predictable. #Parasite will continue to be a source of pride for South Koreans, Asian immigrants, and all AAPIs.  …
More ‘Asian’ Grooming Gang Members Sentenced for Raping Children in Huddersfield, England  …
No, asian. We have land in Europe, but that was land we had conquered over - it’s not the land where our roots are from (armenian highlands). Also mind that Armenia has lost nearly 80% of it land due to war & genocides, which is why it’s so small and understandable to mix up.
Public panel discussion at the Holocaust Museum about the situation in Xinjiang, persecution and internment of Uyghurs and other native Central Asian peoples.  …
I say this a lot but this was some of the best tv casting ever. Not only did they have chemistry but mother and daughter looked like they could be related. One of my fav shows and I wouldn’t mind a reboot but with the same people. Especially the gay Asian guy. Lol  …
Let’s remember. #coronavirus is not an Asian virus. It’s a human virus. We should all be practicing things we might be forced to soon. Don’t go out if you’re sick. No gym. No school. Not to target. Wash your hands. Cough into your elbow. Reports #COVID2019 contagious as cold
[idm] Asian Armys, let's take a rest, we can't force it. We can continue later in the morning or afternoon. Now it's the turn of the European and African armys to replace us to stream, let's sleep? don't get sick, you have to rest. Remember? Our body needs rest. Let's sleep.
Suspect X should have received an Oscar is we are going to talk Asian movies Easily one of Japan’s finest dramas of all time
#ELCHAPULINSOLO IN INDIA!!!!!!!! SUNDAY 23/2 Calcutta (KOLKATA!!!!) 18.30h RIVER FESTIVAL Princeps Ghat FREE ENTRANCE!!!!!!! #SIBERIEMETAITCONTEEE #MANUCHAO #ArkoMukhaerjee More info about the ASIAN TOUR in:  
while asian ARMYs are sleeping ... the rest of ARMYs around the world are keeping streaming 
Not just Trump and Modi have deepened defense cooperation. Indian Americans are NEW Trump voters in 2020. Last Sept the Howdy, Modi/Trump joint rally attracted 50,000 Indian Americans in Houston, TX. We will win the Asian American Freedom Vote this year.   …
There are over 2 billion people of East Asian descent and less than 0.0001% of them have COVID-19. So no, your Asian neighbor does not have coronavirus. Your Asian neighbor MIGHT have the flu -- the infection which kills tens of thousands and you STILL wont get a vaccine for
Found out that the  of Ghost in the Shell was so dismayed by the whitewashing controversy/box office failure that they are wary of casting any non-Asians in Asian roles ever again. 
China's coronavirus outbreak has devastated the Asian airline industry as they stand to lose $27.8 billion of revenue this year  
Rampant ignorance and misinformation about the novel coronavirus, experts say, has led to racist and xenophobic attacks against fellow Americans or anyone in the US who looks Asian. And the pain ranges from physical to verbal to financial. 
South Asian Twitter can you have a word please I’ll get my popcorn  …
Our wanting to belong and yearning to assimilate into American culture has also caused many Asian Americans to hate themselves and their identity in order to be more accepted among their white peers. It’s all part of the same narrative that the coronavirus is fanning up again.
Feb. 19 Poll Numbers Black voters: Biden 33 Sanders 30 Bloomberg 20 Warren 6 Hispanic voters: Sanders 42 Bloomberg 20 Biden 14 Warren 8 Asian American voters: Sanders 31 Bloomberg 20 Biden 13 Warren 13 Voters of other races: Sanders 44 Bloomberg 18 Biden 15 Warren 8
this brings back memories during bwl where european, american and african armys telling asian armys to go to sleep while asian armys telling them to go to sleep in the morning also  …
we asian armys will appreciate this
From the Chinese Exclusion Act and exploitation of Chinese laborers to build the transcontinental railroad and the wine caves in Napa Valley, to the internment of Japanese Americans in WWII, we Asian Americans have always been suspicious foreigners fit to exploit but never trust.
asian armys go to sleep, we european, american and african armys will keep streaming
I don’t know who needs to hear it today but Hojo is  japanese surname and is fantasy Asian to the point where his name is written in the same characters as the confirmed Wutain characters and Sephiroth is biracial
Coronavirus fears are crushing Asian businesses. Oregon friends: let’s eat out in Chinatown this week! Coronavirus has not hit the state yet. I hope to see you there!
"Race" is a bad feature. I'm not just black, I'm West African. So I have extremely high bone density. And I'm a big dude. I have to warn my dentists and orthopedic surgeons. Every. Single. Time. Unless they've worked on Samoans (who are Asian!) And yet:  …
Fear of the coronavirus hasn’t generated racism against Asian Americans in the United States. The racism has always been there. The coronavirus just gave people an excuse to express it openly under the dangerous but effective pretense of public safety and health.
I’m looking forward to joining @RealCandaceO and other great speakers at #Blexit Fort Lauderdale. With respect to the black, Latino and Asian American vote, the Democrats are in for a real shock in November! 
Asian ARMYs, you can take a rest, because the other ARMYs with different time zones will be taking over the job. Have a tight sleep :)
DAY 41 CINEPOLIS ATTAPUR 10:25 PM Show Adv FULL ASIAN UPPAL 10:30 PM Show Adv FULL MIRAJ KOTHAPET 11:00 PM Show Adv FULL @alluarjun 
Sakshi bags silver, Vinesh settles for bronze in Asian Wrestling C'ship  …
#AlaVaikunthapurramuloo 10:45 Show Asian Warangal House full 
Asian women are not to be outdone by white women
This is great for Kentucky. Asian Carp have taken over the waters. If this helps at all it'll be a good thing  …
Asian Wrestling Championships: Sakshi Malik faces defeat in final, settles for silver Read @ANI Story |  
"One FT bureau, in an Asian nation, felt that security was robust. But then the state bureaucracy started calling to question precise wording in stories that they had never been sent."  …
Racist attacks against Asian Americans are on the rise and should not be tolerated. Our public  and hate crimes laws likely reach much of this racist conduct.  …
The #SALW project: Aims to build capacities of border control, customs, criminal justice officials & legislators to address terrorism-arms-crime nexus Co-implemented by #UNCCT @UNODC @UN_CTED & @UN_Disarmament Geographic coverage: Central Asian region Funded by and  …
This is what the left fears .. our Black, Hispanic,  seeing for themselves how well our President is working for them; producing jobs to get them out of poverty! Do you know how that feels; working and supporting yourself - not being dependent on anyone?  …
New Yorkers: there are no cases of Coronavirus in the City. But our  are suffering. Please support Chinese businesses and stand up against racism and fear. We need to have each other’s backs.  …
To make a long mvthafvckin story short, MOBB is performing at Asian Sound Syndicate and they're gona m*rder that stage. Yall can cry all day but Mino and Bobby still dont know who you are
if you're an asian camilizers say i 
Schools are over loaded, the demand on the NHS is out of control, Benefit System groaning with claimants who don’t speak English, this woman has a point. An Asian Religion is dominating society and even practice an alternative law. This must stop.
Any 2 asian guys could say they’re ARMNHMR n id believe them
ASIAN armys who still streaming, you strong bitch, keep going
My book, Cold War Democracy, is no 2(!!!!) on this list of best selling academic titles in East Asian history, alongside great work by @jeremyyellen and Monica Kim, among  …
Asian Americans are 1 of the fastest-growing racial groups in our country & could be swing voters in many states. I'm pretty sure they won't vote for a racist president, so... keep it up Donny. Please continue to alienate as many people as possible #OneVoice1  …
Fidelity International invests $14 million in Asian crypto exchange operator  …
Let's Call The Day Off With This Beautiful Video Of Divya Kakran From Haryana After Winning Gold Medal In Wrestling In Asian C'ships Dedicating The Medal To Her Father And The Proud Father Smiles With Pride. Look At Their Smiles, A Proud Father Of A Proud Daughter Of India. 
Saw a tweet thanking W*rren for going to Chinatown and not being scared of coronavirus,,,,,,,,,,,Asian card revoked.
Nothing but great admiration for the NHS staff at Princess Royal hospital in Haywards Heath, many of EU, African and Asian origin. All brilliant and caring. 
#MINO and #BOBBY are confirmed for Asian Sound Syndicate Phase 1 Lineup in Indonesia on August 29-30. We getting #MOBB WINKON stans! Are y’all ready? Tickets are available at   … #WINNER #iKON #WINKON #위너 #아이콘 #윈콘 
"The Future is Asian"? Seems to me, especially in light of recent headlines, that Americans own tomorrow--and many tomorrows after that.  to the Second American Century,  …
Asian toes 
Last session before the #kenya7s out for the American leg & I had a little bit of Asia delivered, since the Asian leg might not be happening this time round @OhChaNoodleBar for the lunch. Threw in the ‘OhMbachi’ Special surprise for the boys and they loved 
How to help? Support the nationwide Unofficial South East/East Asian Food Festival this Leap Year Weekend by enjoying a meal at your fave East or Southeast Asian eatery and posting your photos to show you #LoveChinatown  …
[!!] #MINO to perform at Asian Sound Syndicate Festival in Jakarta on August 29-30, his collab with Seungyoon for PLAC SS20 out February 27 & he's expected to make his  this year after XX & Fiancé huge success. Relevant & Busy King 
Had my research on mental health and minority populations whitesplained to me this week. The lady then asked me if I was familiar with the work a South Asian woman out of Harvard was doing bc I could “really learn something from her” — IT’S ME. I’M THAT SOUTH ASIAN WOMAN.
May 2016, (then) Employment minister @patel4witham conned Asian heritage citizens as she launched a Vote Leave campaign to “save our curry houses". Feb 2019, award winning chef @KhanOli makes clear how he &  had been lied to & used by both Patel and @BorisJohnson  
[ #ASSvol2] Where you at, Indonesian Inner Circles and Indonesian iKONICs? #MINO and #BOBBY  to town for Asian Sound Syndicate Vol. 2, so get your tickets now while they're still available! More info:  … Brought to you by 
#MINO_NEW_SCHEDULE #MINO and Bobby announced as part of the line up for Asian Sound Syndicate event vol.2 phase1 in Jakarta, Indonesia. #WINNER #위너 #송민호 
ugh! ddaeng pairing traditional asian instrumentals with modern hip hop beats, savage lyrics, and ridiculous flow
The way Vogue is so excited to post something new coz they keep posting: Lisa Mastered French Style for almost 2 mons! British to French Vogue to Vogue Magazine & Vogue Runway up to their Asian units, wbk they stan the new Face of Prada Lalisa. #LalisaWearsPrada 
USA ARMY GO GET SOME REST. EUROPEANS AND ASIAN ARMY WILL STREAM FOR YOU.
Happy to announce publication of my latest “ #Saudi Foreign Policy Towards #China in the Post-Arab Uprisings Era:A Neo-classical Realist Approach” in Asian Journal of Middle Eastern&Islamic Studies/Routledge. Those interested to read thru Saudi view  …
[ #BOBBYSCHEDULE] BOBBY is confirmed to attend Asian Sound Syndicate Festival Vol2!  … #iKON #BOBBY #아이콘 #바비 #バビ 
[!!] Asian Sound Syndicate Vol. 2 confirms #MINO as part of the additional line up phase 1 with Bobby!! Mino will attend & perform at the festival happening on August 29-30!! King #송민호 @official_mino_  
It's confirmed that MINO will attend Asian Sound Syndicate #송민호 
I got tired of the diversity debate this week, so I tooled together  , a place to discover new books by British-Asian authors. It’s very basic (I’ve got a book to write and business to run) but it’s a start. **Authors, pls check it and send your pub dates**
There are now signs that coronavirus infections are spreading more rapidly within other Asian countries beyond China's borders.  …
Asian food  …
“Whenever I’m asked ‘what do you think the issues are that matter to ethnic minorities or the  and what they care about’, well actually it’s the same issues that matter to anybody." -  …
Late RT but YO #gamedev #gameaudio! Rising SEA is a South East Asian games collab initiative happening over the next 4 month period. Content/games will be made in Malaysia, Singapore, Philippines, Indonesia to be showcased in Australia at the end! Signups are now!  …
Does anyone else who's Asian (or belonging to any kind of so-called  REGULARLY get people saying, a propos of *absolutely nothing*, things like: I visited Tokyo once when I was 20 My son LOVES Japan A marvellous people, the Japanese I love matcha!
Rampant ignorance and misinformation about the novel coronavirus, experts say, has led to racist and xenophobic attacks against fellow Americans or anyone in the US who looks Asian. And the pain ranges from physical to verbal to financial. 
Asian traders are bracing for more volatility as the coronavirus spreads outside China 
traditional asian instruments overlaying a trap beat 
Dear @TwitterIndia @TweetDeck @verified @Twitter please verify Officially @imrealasim account is a Indian Caleb.Right now he is first Runner's Up of Bigg boss 13&4th Biz Asia TV Personality Made it to the list of Asian Sexiest Men 2019 .Got 15 millions trend 
In 88 BC, King Mithridates VI of  a Roman genocide in Asia Minor. It led to the deaths of over 100,000 Roman settlers in the province and became known as the Asian Vespers. The Romans would not forget. 
"Why don't black rappers rap about 'Asian grooming gangs'?" - Jan Moir, the racist. 
Have updated the graphic on my undeclared Asian #Submarines arms race article to include Malaysia. Apologies for the  …
I am delighted to have taken over as Editor-in-Chief of Asian Bioethics Review @AsianBioethics, following the admirable contribution of @CalvinWLHo. My thanks to @NUS_CBmE for their faith in me. Please get in touch with contributions or ideas - very happy to dicuss! @IABioethics
People have called out this video that it is a racist and sexist trash that sexually fetishises Asian women. The  and its white founder refuse to listen, and instead they double down, saying they get good responses  on Facebook.  …
Asian Fairy-bluebird (Irena puella) male & female/ The female lacks the brilliant blues & blacks of the male. #Perak #Malaysia @Avibase 
Trump hates to see the Oscar for best movie being given to an Asian country. He prefers #GoneWithTheWind, a movie about the good old days when white men owned slaves. America, you once liberated us from fascism. You can do better than this. 
News Flash: Sakshi Malik storms into Final (65kg) of Asian Championships; beats Uzbekh grappler 5-4. She is only Indian wrestler today who will fight for Gold. All the other 4 Indian wrestlers (including Vinesh) will fight for Bronze medal. 
Carats let's vote for Joshua here. @pledis_17 #SEVENTEEN #JOSHUA 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Joshua Hong vs BamBam 
Very excited that @arcstockton is the first venue in the North East to host UK Asian Film Festival screenings - looking forward to working with  …
U tell any of these white influencers that are blackfishing and suddenly they start bringing up how they have 3% Asian ancestry
BOJ's Kuroda says watching with 'grave concern' as virus hits Asian economies  
STOP LAWFARE! – Led by former DSWD Sec. Dinky Soliman, former Rep. Teddy Baguilat, former Rep. Erin Tañada, Dean Chel Diokno, Chair Chito Gascon, Council of Asian Liberals and Democrats Chair Jayanthi Balaguru, former member of the Cambodian Parliament Mu Sochua, [1/5] 
After a video of University at Albany students hosting a Coronavirus-themed party circulated on social media, a group of Asian-American students attending the school demand for an investigation.  …
How does Rempel Garner confuse Bison & Buffalo eventhough they are both large, horned & oxlike? Most Canadians know the difference between the American & European Bison and the South Asian Water Buffalo and African Cape Buffalo. 
K’S CORNER BAGI-BAGI ALBUM MAP OF THE SOUL: 7 GRAAAATIIIIISSSS BARENG @armyindonesiaa2 & Asian Fashion Shop AAARRRMMYYYY MANAAAA SUARAANYAAAAHHHH??? 
LRT: I have filtered notifications so I don't see everything, but if you follow me and I see you replying to something about anti-Asian racism and the coronavirus with "that's not racist, it's logic" or whatever, expect a block.
The International Air Transport Authority has warned that the coronavirus outbreak will likely reduce global air traffic by 4.7%, and could cost airlines more than $29 billion, with Asian carriers bearing the brunt of the losses. 
Asem ~ #SidharthShukla tune life mein kia kya hai Sid~Won #BB13 Babul Ka Aangan Chootey Na Love U Zindagi Balika Vadhu JhalakDikhlaja Hosting Won #KKK7 Kitchen Champion Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania Won The Title Of Best Model Of The World & Became The First Asian To Do So
it’s ok to be white. it’s ok to be black. it’s ok to be asian. it’s ok to be hispanic. it’s ok to be a female. it’s ok to be a male. it’s ok to be gay. it's ok to be bisexual. it’s ok to be straight. it’s ok to be you. it’s not okay to like xenoblade 
2) as a reminder, a study earlier today even found that all races have relatively equal gene expression of the receptor of the #SARSCoV2 virus target. So there is no “Asian susceptibility” evidence.   …
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Jinyoung vs Porsche 
How does asian monbebes cope w their us schedules- do yall even sleep? 
Just when Asians are being racially targeted because of the Coronavirus he goes on  about an Asian movie. Coincidence? I think not. Always stirring that racial divide.
LET ME SAY THIS, I AM PARTS CHEROKEE, COMANCHE, CHEYENNE, IRISH, ENGLISH. & i'm sick of hearing White American, African American, Latino, Asian, it is all bullcrap, you're 1 of 2 things, AMERICAN or NOT AMERICAN, good, bad ect, you are either an AMERICAN OR YOU'RE NOT PERIOD
Me to every single theater who wants to program an Asian musical set in the Vietnam Era and its aftermath: 
South Asian model of Pakistani descent Aramish Mangi for Browns fashion 
I had high hopes for Asian Americans - but then I look at their online discourse and their lack of connection to their parents culture - I browse #subtleasiantraits and now I’ve  to the conclusion that most of them are a lost cause #aapi2020  …
This means a lot at this particular moment—not just because she bothered to notice Asian Americans (which many candidates don’t!), but because a lot of people are avoiding Chinatowns and Asian-heavy areas right now out of racist fears of coronavirus. Thank you, @SenWarren.  …
Taken soldiers to war, white, black, Asian, girls, boys, gays, aboriginal. None of that rated one microsecond of thought. We were a team. We had a job to do. We did it well. We celebrate together, as one.
“Asian coaches are blatantly discriminated against under the current model. It’s effectively capped what I can do in Europe. We’re now seeing Australians do their badges abroad. I just think it’s an absurd situation.”  …
Public Health Alert. Attention Asian people: Beware of White people coughing on you. 
Cutest Asian Fortnite players NA (pt. 2) 1) @KreoFN 2) @KariyuOT 3) @Kayuun 4) @thwifo 5) @xMinzu 6) @SeagodFN 7) @koldqt 8) @SeagodFN 9) @slayteXO 10) @Khanada
Wanna sit and read about my latest interview with @asianamericanfilm?  #interview #asianamericanfilm #asian #asianamerican #korean #actress #diversity #representationmatters  
Yesterday, while tabling for @TPUSA with student-activist @KatieDaviscourt at @SouthSeattleCC, a woman openly identifying as school staff can be heard telling international students “they don’t like Asian people, they don’t like Black people”—RIGHT NEXT TO US. Isn’t this slander? 
(Casual lean on podium) The crazy doctor he sews em together. All three. (grin, headshake) You saw it. Head to, well, you know if you saw it. (Whoop) And they put the Asian guy in front. (boos) Isn't that a beauty! I'm not sure there's a good place to be but maybe.. its the front
The top15 kpop queens of dancing-ranked by real dancers! (By The Asian Theory) #leechaeyeon: rank 3 -I coach alot of dancers and you don't see people like that -If somebody like that keep in the studio is like 1 in the million that have you ever 
What's spreading faster than coronavirus in the US? Racist assaults and ignorant attacks against Asians. Rampant ignorance, misinformation about the coronavirus, experts say, has led to racist attacks against fellow Americans or anyone who looks Asian.  …
A South East Asian game-arts  soon. (Art by @crystalnyam from 
Totally on brand for Trump  about the South Korean movie Parasite winning Best Picture at the Academy Awards over a 1939 film like Gone With The Wind. One is about the struggles of the Asian working class. The other is a Confederate sob story about a racist white lady.
Asian Americans : we need more positive representation! Bay Area Asians : Nah FUCK YALL DIS SHIT HELLAA HYPHYYY YADADAMEAN HENNYTING IS POSSIBLE YEEEEEE 
The nerve of some people man. It's just a game chill DAWG I'M NOT EVEN ASIAN! 
Labeling an Asian person as Coronavirus?! This is so screwed up!  …
You think asian mom give permission ha to hang out till at korea?  5 mins late she alr call me thousand times 
biggest regret in my life is discovering Asian-American spheres & having enough  to understand it  …
Yes, @Asian_Tan16 is my actual 
Asian FX getting hammered, esp USD/KRW. The CNH is also going as well but less. In Asia, this corona virus is not just about being infected via China (supply chain, tourism, demand) anymore but literally going onshore, such as South Korea's situation. AUD lost almost 6% ytd 
"The average unemployment rate for my Administration is the lowest for any United States President in the history of our country. The unemployment rate among African Americans, Hispanic Americans, & Asian Americans has reached the lowest levels ever recorded."— 
When asian twitter have the “paki” debate for the 656th time on the TL 
The fact that a South Korean movie won is a source of great pride to Asian immigrants in the U.S. Notably, Asian Americans are the fastest-growing racial group and will be the swing vote in many states. And we don’t like racists.  …
Tonight is my tried and true favorite sous vide #Asian pork tacos. I truly love these and I love more that it’s a regular rotation in my #mealprep. Check back soon for final pics. #tacos #sousvide #reversesear #ThursdayMotivation #foodie #RecipeOfTheDay #pork 
I'm an Asian, this will be a dish. Nom nom nom.  …
Bster is in fact, an asian girl.
Of course the weird bigoted Autism Speaks mom harassing autistic people & calling us dead / lost causes / abnormal as soon as we get our DX is also a creepy white lady Asian fetishist. Like why is this  trait of all bigots on this app. 
It’s so hard tryna make asian clothes look nice with a hijab
「..⃗. thread for appreciation of the mono eyelid of Asian woman ✼ 」 
Why does the weeknd look like every south Asian dad in the 90s 
"Tony Abbott's government, and sections of business, were able to turn what otherwise could have been a rational debate on carbon pricing into a toxic political brew..." - @BenOquist in Nikkei Asian Review. #auspol Great piece by @Jkoutsoukis  …
Swimmer Ernie Gawilan will see action in his second straight Paralympics after a record-setting showing in the Asian Para Games in 2019.  …
Check out @JoeBiden’s Vision For the Asian American and Pacific Islander Community!  …
NEW: Here’s @JoeBiden’s vision for the Asian American and Pacific  according to a fact sheet sent by @a_jan ahead of the Nevada caucuses. Updates  in @theyappie:  
more black, asian and latinx representation  …
Every day it’s more obvious to me that literally 90% of the really articulate strong British East Asian activist voices are female. Not sure what the men are doing frankly (trying to learn how to sing March of the Volunteers?). These two, @dianayeh @tamhauyu , are  …
Exclusive: A new  focused on Asian American content has launched with a majority investment from Valence Media 
Support your local Asian restaurant against coronaracists and “progressives” who “just want to be safe” whether it be Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, Thai establishments etc.
We're jumping into the bandwagon! Rank these Asian books into tiers:  … Don't forget to tag us ( @YearOfTheAsian) & to include #YARC2020 to your tweet! (Template made by 
The judge said the child sex abuses “were planned offences by a large group of *Asian* men”. Asian? But they weren’t of Chinese or Indian heritage. A society that uses false labels will devise false solutions.  …
Long thought what would happen to the UK if all Black, Asian and ethnic minorities and their descendants simply didn't turn to work of one day? Way things are going right now a #MigrantStrike might be just what the country needs to teach some in this country a lesson #Immigration
You know you're at an Asian salon when... 
Name one thing better than asian clothing 
Thread: Mental health in 
Congratulations to BTS - ON for winning Song of the Year Daesang at 2020 MAMA (Mnet Asian Music Awards)
Justin’s ex is the perfect example why asian parents are right when they say you can’t date when you’re a kid! This is why my asian ass never have to worry about an ex sabotaging my career or my future married life 
SE asian Americkan  will claim they are “browner-than-thou” to portray anti-capitalism as anti-progressive. It only shows their true beliefs in upholding capitalism and western supremacy over the world, as long as brown bodies get a seat at the table–“progress”
Australia is undergoing a massive shift from speaking European languages to Asian languages. So what languages will Australians speak in the future? 
I did classics at school and loved it, but maybe it’s about time we didn’t just teach Roman and Greek history as though they are the only classical cultures? Keep it but expand it to include African and Asian classical history.
Turkmenistan is a Central Asian country that sits between Uzbekistan and Iran. Isolated from most of the world, President Gurbanguly Berdymukhammedov controls all functions of state. Reporters Without Borders ranked Turkmenistan last in the world in press freedom in 2019 (7)
Amongst the many #ThingsPritiPatelNeverDid is escape Idi Amin's murderous rule in Uganda. She was born in London six months before Amin expelled the Ugandan  and her family were in the UK before Amin came to power. #Fraud #Liar
Obsessed with how dedicated 80s cyberpunk is to very specific elements, like, HELL YES everyone is ASIAN except they are white, everything is NEON and we all wear PLASTIC and FUCK YEAH women can be deadly killers too as long as they are VERY HOT and sexually available!!!!
Asian armys waking up at 4am to watch the tiktok preview of “ON”— #ONTeaser #ONchallenge #WeONWithBTS #BTSIsComing 
If Andrew Yang was still in the race, he could probably remind everyone about how not too long ago we quarantined many Japanese Americans into internment camps. That same fear and suspicion is happening again. If it gets worse, it jeopardizes my safety as an Asian American too.
Asian ARMYs? Are you there? Especially Malaysia ARMYs? who's there put your hands up hun!
I’m really done with other Asian people saying they’re “more Asian” than me or that I’m “less Asian” than they are. I will do a better job of calling these moments out. I understand we all have different ways we’ve gotten here, but this qualification really rubs me the wrong way.
Some people just can’t accept that black and Asian people can be Conservatives. There has to be something wrong with them. This about @patel4witham beggars belief. ... except this is twitter where no crank idea is too  …
Today, and every day, Boston stands with our Chinese and  They helped make us the world-class city we are today. Chinese Americans and immigrants are our neighbors, friends, and co-workers. They are Bostonians, and they are us.  …
The @realDonaldTrump economy is working for ALL Americans. Lowest unemployment ever recorded for: African-Americans Hispanic-Americans Asian-Americans Veterans Disabled Americans Workers without a high school diploma 
New reconstruction for #BearBrook Allenstown victim. Through ongoing genealogy work performed by Barbara Rae-Venter, @NH_StatePolice have learned the child is primarily Caucasian with a small amount of Asian, Black and American Indian ancestry.  
I just realized, for every Asian kid’s traumatic memory of being teased for bringing Asian food to lunch, there’s an Asian parent’s traumatic memory of their kid saying they don’t want to bring that type of food at school anymore
like is it every day we pretend that the chinese and taiwanese governments do not give scholarships to african students, that black businesspeople and educators don't work anywhere in asia, that there aren't mixed black/asian people living in asia
I love Asian women
lisa is SCARILY popular... she’s the most popular asian celeb for sure now
The idea that Boris (or his government) is racist is RIDICULOUS. We now have people of Asian heritage in charge of the economy, national security, AND the law. That is COMPLETELY UNPRECEDENTED. Leftists really must stop defaming Brexit Britain as a far-right country! 
Conservation: New protections for Jaguar and Asian Elephant.  …
The dragon is one of the most popular beasts in the lore of European and Asian cultures as well as in the Americas. Many believe it was independently created in many places as it has many different depictions.  … @AdamsQuaid #folklorethursday
We need immigrants! Unless they're brown If they're brown, it's a no Or black Black is a no Or Muslim Muslim is a no If they don't speak English Ah. No If they're Asian? Uh. Sir, Coronavirus Oh. Yeah. Hard no Can we recruit from Europe? Sir, they all hate you
We're celebrating a big win for Asian elephants today! For the first time, this endangered species is listed on CMS Appx I—affording it the highest protection possible. This victory helps ensure safe passage during migration, a key safeguard.  …
Frankfurt [4]-0 Salzburg 56’ Over 3.0 Asian Total @2.00 Easy winner in Europa League Like if you got on this bet too!
So super excited to announce my very first cookbook - Dumplings & Noodles When I began cooking Asian food, I struggled to find resources that were approachable for a beginner. My first cookbook is the book that I wish I’d had. You can preorder it now!  
What other female rapper can drop a song (not even an official single), n get other female rappers to praise it & then make their own remix to it.. NICKI MINAJ! “Yikes” has been remixed by: • Asian Doll • Dreezy • Queen Key • Akbar V • Maliibu Mitch (Queen Radio freestyle) 
Check out Vintage Antique Tapestry Hand Made Embroidery Burmese Kalaga Asian Wall Art  via @eBay
Nine people lost their lives to this. "There are lengthy passages in which Rathjen rails against ethnic minorities in Germany and announces that people of certain African, Asian and Middle Eastern origins have to be 'completely annihilated'." 
Divya Kakran won gold medal at the Asian Wrestling Championships. Divya became only the second Indian woman to win a gold medal at the Asian Wrestling Championships! Congratulations.. 
Does anyone know if a presidential candidate has ever made a public appearance/photo op at an Asian restaurant, and if so, which one?
Asian grooming gang victim was raped by 300 men before she was 15 and often 'ten at once'  …
It doesn't matter if he's Black, White, Latino, or Asian, if he's from Texas, he loves seeing a beautiful woman driving a pick up.
As the Democratic field narrows, AAPIs get behind Warren presidential campaign — Asian Journal News (Is this you? Text AAPI to 24477 to join us!)  …
The ‘Ancestral Diet’ says we should *only* eat what our relatives ate 500 years ago. According to a DNA test, I am British, Mediterranean, Scandinavian, NE Asian and SE Asian. So, what do I eat? My piece for @newscientist.  …
People crying about the #ThingsPritiPatelNeverDid hashtag need to chill out it's really not that deep! It's a joke on how far removed she seems to be from the South Asian culture having grown up in Britain, a bunch of stereotypes only South Asians would know having grown up here!
Remember when Vote Leave promised curry house owners that after Brexit it would be easier to bring in waiters & chefs from Asian countries? Well, how many of them earn over £25.5k?  …
I see Thailand flag. Aww. Lisa really be putting Thailand in the map in her own way by making them proud of her achievements. Who would've thought a South East Asian would be the Global Muse and Face of Celine and Prada!? #LalisaWearsPrada #LALISAxPRADA  …
New asian main character
No makeup Asian 
HAVE PEOPLE NEVER SEEN SUNLIGHT BEFORE I AM THE YELLOWEST ASIAN EVER BUT WHEN I STEP IN TO THE SUN, I LOOK LIKE AN ALBINO AND MY JET BLACK HAIR LOOKS GOLDEN BROWN STOP ACCUSING THE SUN OF "WHITEWASHING"
Just a quick reminder that Warren not only had a strong night, but she’s also invested in engaging AAPI voters | Warren Releases Extensive Plan for Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians and Pacific Islanders  … via @reappropriate
Porcelain from the Franz Collection (China). This is a mixture of "Art Nouveau" with an elegant Asian spirit. Each product of the "Franz Collection" reflects the beauty found in nature 
“We find evidence that the euro area is less directly exposed to a China supply-chain shock than the other major countries such as US, Canada, Japan, and all the major Asian countries (i.e. India, South Korea, Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam).” - Deutsche 
Asian low taxes and an Asian work ethic. A tax haven for the rich, a sweatshop for the rest. That is the vision outlined by Patel, Raab, Kwarteng and Truss. 
Reading Asian people’s tweets on 
English food is so so bad man Look at how bland it all is How can somebody look at this and think “delicious” When you could have actual flavoursome Asian or Italian food or literally anything outside of this country ffs 
HIV disproportionately affects migrants, yet only 15 of 52 European and Central Asian countries provide free treatment to undocumented migrants. Restricting access to treatment has dire consequences. Proud to work with @ECDC_HIVAIDS on this report:  
Any views on the Asian grooming gang in court atm up in huddersfield
The Great Indian Bustard, Asian Elephant and Bengal Florican have been classified as "endangered migratory species" by a UN body, paving the way for trans-boundary #conservation efforts.
John Bolton's life in Four Acts: ~Avoided Vietnam with student deferment: "I confess I had no desire to die in a Southeast Asian rice paddy." ~Grew up to be a Warmonger eager to sacrifice other people' children. ~Cowardly enabler to a Fascist takeover of the US. ~Book salesman.
Really outstanding piece here by @NathGbikpi, much the best thing I’ve seen published on the Jamaica flight, Begum & how they're linked Opinion: Under this government, the Britishness of black and Asian people is conditional  …
These MUSLIM animals need stringing up Asian grooming gang victim was raped by 300 men before she was 15 and often ‘ten at once’  …
Y’all are bitching about how offensive native, headdress, tribal tattoos and such are sure I get it but last time I checked no one had the same energy when a non Asian or eastern had a dragon tattooed on them?
Listen back to the intv here.  … Scroll through to 14:43. Or download the BBC Sounds App and go to BBC Asian Network
i really feel like CL's imagine is so important for kpop right now. She's not the typical asian kpop idol. She has a very unique beauty that gives asian girls representativeness and that is so important these day. Girls can see her and be like"oh, it's okay to be different" 
There are lengthy passages in which the gunman announces that people of certain African, Asian & Middle Eastern origins have to be “completely annihilated” within the country. Truly unbelievable that this didn’t warrant a forceful global condemnation.  …
Who's been ignoring Asian fans?  …
See you should have just scrolled by bc the fair & lovely joke is actually about how *Asian* she is... you lack cultural context and google it seems, which is why you don’t understand the joke and are desperate to be offended by it  …
Indian women scored impressively at the Asian Wrestling Championships today, with 3 golds and a silver. Sarita Mor (59 kg) and Pinki (55 kg) won gold while Nirmala Devi (50 kg) won silver. @DivyaWrestler had won gold earlier in the day. @KirenRijiju congratulates 
im not here for ur antiblackness or colorism: dark skin japanese (and asian ppl in general) exist and this picrew ALONE proves that these picrew creators are more than capable of giving proper skin tone options they just choose not to there's no excuse  …
racist ppl: why are u mad that picrew don't have a lot of skin tone options its an asian site get over it unxicrew picrew: nice try dipshit  …
Hey folks ... Asian students, friends and colleagues are getting harassed on the regular because a) people are racist and b) Coronavirus. I reminder ....  …
Asian Wrestling Championships Day 3 Wrap-up: 3 Gold & 1 Silver medal for India today. Nirmala Devi: Silver | 50kg Pinki: Gold | 55kg Sarita Mor: Gold | 59kg Divya Kakran: Gold | 68kg Total: 9 Medals for India so far (4 Gold, 1 Silver & 4 Bronze) 
Proud Moment: Our girl Divya Kakran, who won GOLD medal (68 kg) in Asian Wrestling Championships, on the victory podium 
[VOTE] Vote for Taehyung in the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round Click the link below to vote ☟ You can vote multiple times This poll will be closed on February 22, 2020 Widen the Gap #Taehyung #뷔 @BTS_twt 
India's Sarita Mor wins gold medal at Asian Wrestling Championships beating Battsetseg Atlantsetseg of Mongolia in women's 59kg final. #UWW #WFI
How British Desi is the #ThingsPritiPatelNeverDid thread!! From airport greetings to Sabji in tubs! All things that will  history sadly! #ThingsPritiPatelNeverDid enjoy being Asian
Her father sold langots for a living, her mother was a seamstress, worked hard to make ends meet. Now she is the second Indian woman to win a Gold at the Asian Championships.... The stories of almost all these wrestlers are so inspiring..  …
skz have members that are all korean,, bp & got7 have members that arent korean but still are asian. kpop is an asian market to let asians shine bcs they dont have that chance in the west
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Ong Seong Wu vs Edward Barber 
Not even to mention the fact that mixed raced idols and idols from other Asian countries are dealing with racism
Indian clubs in top tier of Asian Football Asian Champion Club Tournament Mysore State- 1969 Bengal- 1970 Punjab Police- 1971 Asian Club C'ship East Bengal- 1985,1999 Mohun Bagan- 1987,1989,1994,1995,2000 Salgaocar- 1990,1991 JCT- 1997 Churchill- 1998 @TheAFCCL FC Goa- 2021
why does doyoung’s looks like that white bitch who edited her dog to look asian 
This cutie heels would perfectly fit on my sweet feet I want this and you are gonna pay it up for me link on my bio • #finD mistress findom asian indonesia • 
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Joshua Hong vs BamBam 
asian armys, who else waking up at 5am tomorrow for the tiktok preview 
He represented Pakistan at the Olympics and Asian Games, risked his life and won medals. Then he fell ill and they all turned a blind eye. Usmanullah lost his battle against brain tumour today, he didn't get any help with his treatment from the state. Pakistan failed him. 
They don't make anime like they used to anymore *cracks open a ramune that you drove half an hour to buy at that one Asian market*
They gathered for the celebration. Since Asian #Elephants has been added into Appendix I of @BonnConvention, Convention for protection of Migratory species. Elephant being a long ranging & migratory animal is rightly added now. Thanks to Govt of #India for taking 
IUINNA looks like a typical asian mom & daughter here UnMa: Lemme take a picture of you on those plants! They look good.. Jieun: Mom, I don't like to.. UnMa: You'll take the picture or I'll cut off your allowance? Jieun: Shall I pose with this umbrella too? 
We are increasing prize money for #Olympic Games winners and Asian and Commonwealth Games winners from #Rajasthan. Olympic gold medalist will now get Rs 3 crore, silver medalist 2 crores and bronze medalist 1 
She makes me, a Ugandan Asian, feel deep shame. Interestingly, the equally odious attorney gen is also an Afican Indian. So too the parents of the new chancellor. How does this happen?
Yes, of course. I mainly pointed out Asians coz even with the "multi-national" kpop groups with non-Korean Asian origin members have a very limited scope of which Asians can be in kpop.
“The idea that Boris’s government is racist is ridiculous. We now have Asian-heritage people in charge of the economy, national security, the law. That  unprecedented. Leftists really must stop defaming Brexit Britain as a far-right country.” Brendan O’Neill on Sky 
Divya Kakran became only the second Indian women to clinch the gold medal in Asian wrestling Championships after she won all her bouts in the 68 kg weight category in New Delhi on Thursday. Congratulations! @DivyaWrestler  
South Korea has reported its first death from novel coronavirus.  amid a rapid jump in cases across the Asian nation. 
Do y’all know how much I hate living in the Asian continent whenever 5sos announces tour dates? Do y’all understand my hatred for living in the Asian continent at times like this?!
Ive been sexually assaulted at work, physically assaulted at work and last week an Asian Doctor said a man wouldn’t let him catheterise him incase he had coronavirus. If you acted like that in any other workplace security would remove you why should NHS staff endure this abuse?
Considering we're not allowed to describe Islamic terrorists as Muslim, we have to call them Asian.........does this mean we can describe this guy as European and not far-right? That will please staunch Remainers
ok but why did they put the yt girls in the front and the asian girls in the back?
Blackburn Asian women councillors 'forced out' by Labour party 
HONG KONG - One of Hong Kong's most experienced judges has warned that a storm over the rule of law has "broken out in full force" in the protest-hit Asian financial hub, urging people to treasure the system. In a  Justice Kemal Bokhary of t  
China sendin ballistic missile parts to Pakistan & now objecting to Amit Shah visit to Arunachal. A message for Sinophiles in India that CCP cares a fuck for Pan Asian bhaichara & for them u are only useful idiots showing empathy with the Chinese state, espousing their propaganda
@verified @Twitter @TwitterIndia @TwitterSupport pls verify @imrealasim & assign blue tick to him. First runner up #BB13 TV Personality 2019 - ranked 4 Sexiest Asian Man - ranked 24 International Supermodel - Global Icon 15M tweets highest for any celebrity worldwide.
My mom spent her summers in a (far more modest) köşk on Istanbul's Asian shore when they still defined the landscape. One of the last, Ragıp Paşa Köşk has been foreclosed & is for sale. Fingers crossed it's not knocked down to build another block tower  …
Amazing news from Asian Wrestling Championships: Divya Kakran is assured of GOLD medal (68 kg) after winning all her 4 bouts (pinned all the opponents) 3 other girls: Nirmala Devi (50 kg), Sarita Mor (59 kg) & Pinki (55 kg) are through to Final. 
it’s not ok to be white. it’s not ok to be black. it’s not ok to be asian. it’s not ok to be hispanic. it’s not ok to be a female. it’s not ok to be a male. it’s not ok to be gay. it's not ok to be bisexual. it’s not ok to be straight. it’s not ok to be you. Shut the fuck up.
If you ever feel bad about yourself know that there are actual real human beings out there who think asian customization for humans is dumb because we have pandaren.
Divya Kakran  the second ever Indian woman to win a gold medal at the Asian Championships. She beats Japan's Naruha Matsuyuki by fall in the women's 68kg. She's beaten all three of her opponents by fall here.
#PakArmyIsOurSaviour According to world latest report that PAKISTAN has ranked as most Patriotic nation among all Asian countries 89 percent PAKISTANI are ready to fight for their country Proud to be a PAKISTANI @ImranKhanPTI 
Roasted Pork Ribs with home made Asian rub! 
Sunil Kumar ends India's 27-year wait for gold in Greco-Roman at Asian Wrestling Championships Wrestler Sunil Kumar won India gold medal in Greco-Roman category as India finished at the summit in this category for the first time after 1993.  …
"The best part about his campaign, arguably, is the fact that he has inspired the next generation of Asian American politicians. There is a young man or woman out there who, because of Andrew Yang, now believes that it is possible..."  …
. @tamhauyu and @dianayeh both superb last night @5_News talking about the impact of #COVID2019 #CoronaRacism on the UK’s  #IamNotAVirus PS stayed tuned for @BeatsOrg #antiracism Asian food eating protest this leap weekend 
just fingered an asian girl 
I hope everyone watches this. Interesting how Western artists/songwriters/producers are called innovative for taking sounds from Asian cultures. Asian artists, however, are dismissed as unoriginal for using the slightest credited sample of a Western song.  …
Those who sexually abuse white girls are given lesser sentences than those who sexually abuse Asian girls, because according to a UK judge, Asian sex crime victims suffer more! White people are second class citizens in the UK! 
asian girls r slept on
Since it seems only Twitter “young folk” are counted as the younger demographic: I am a 30yo, 1st gen American (paperwork pending), agnostic, asexual-aromantic, Asian woman who supports Mayor Pete for president.
Bravo Vietnam ! The country has kickstarted a solar revolution in only two years. It has gone from almost zero to  Southeast Asian solar leader in record time! 
Is this not over played and over done? Can asian people just love themselves and stop trying to impress yt ppl so hard 
Why y’all do Asian like that, unnecessary 
She would of been dropped from Atlantic if she said Nicki like when Bhad Bhabie did and Asian doll said she says Nicki in private  …
4,000,000 sq miles in China and CoronaV appears in town with bio lab affiliated w/ military? CoronaV appears to bind  with Asian male proteins? China’s largest enemies are Islands in Asia? Taiwan/japan? But it’s definitely NOT a weapon? .  …
cannot believe the words “i thought you were mixed because your eyes are so big” AND “yeah seeing you i understand why white men fetishize asian girls” were REAL words that were uttered to me tonight in total confidence
So happy to have got Asian #Elephant listed in App I of @BonnConvention A historic overlook has been corrected. Thanks @moefcc for proposing and #SriLanka #Bangladesh #EuropeanUnion @action4ifaw @BornFreeFDN @HSIGlobal for supporting. @IUCNssc & @wti_org_india prepared 
And it's a win for Asian #Elephant at #CMSCOP13 as it gets included in Appendix 1. No objection from anyone! @deespeak @vivek4wild 
Asian Fairy-Bluebird another pic of the male who kindly showed his other profile! Taken in Tat Mok NP Phetchabun on Tuesday. This is what a group of them sound like.  … 
Yess! Omg this is one of my pet peeves of television. And even when the lead is black, she can never have a black best friend (No shade to the Asian representation tho) 
Ten new species proposals to amend one or both Appendices of the Convention, will now be considered at #CMSCOP13. The proposals cover aquatic, avian and terrestrial #migratoryspecies, such as the Asian #Elephant, Antipodean #Albatross and the Smooth Hammerhead 
Sera and the Royal Stars “does for ancient Middle Eastern cultures what Avatar did for Asian: provides a magical fantasy world using the mythology and cultures to create an interesting tale suitable for all ages.”  …
Round 2 of this 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle has started pls vote for Guanlin again!  …
#YangIsTheFuture, The path AY decided to take was brilliant. It's going to do this for America. 1)That debate sucked, 2)What's that Asian guy saying? hmm...makes sense, he should run for POTUS. 3)OMGosh, this guy did run for POTUS, how did I miss this? 4) #YangGang rabbit hole.
Hi @verified @Twitter @TwitterIndia @TwitterSupport Please verify @imrealasim #AsimRiaz is 24th in Eastern Eye's Asian sexy list, 4th in BizAsia's TV personality, 1st runner up of BiggBoss13 supported by John Cena, & verfied user with 1.9M followers on Instagram. #UnitedByAsim
Instead of worrying about him finding out about OnlyFans, you worry that he'll murder for going to another accountant. This is true SUBTLE ASIAN TRAIT CONTENT. We are not worthy of you King!
I'd love to hear about Asian American issues, LGBT, issues, children's issues, the Muslim ban. It's a narrow discussion overall #DemDebate
Still going to trustful dad with an OnlyFans side job. Big bold Asian energy. Mad respect.
Dude. Why do asian parents yell at you about the pettiest things and when you start closing yourself off, they start to mope about how their kids never talk to them????
Asian grooming gang jailed for 55 years after girl was forced to have sex with 300 men by the age of 15  …
When I post about anti-Asian sentiment,  at me w/crappy things Asians do: "What about so & so..." Now I'm responsible for disgusting cultural appropriation? Advocating for Asians ≠ promoting racism. Even on Twitter, Asians are held to higher standards... 
Warren announced her “Working Agenda for Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders,” a plan aimed at revealing disparities and helping low  AANHPIs  …
Suggestions have been made whether or not the 'CoVid' strain targets people of Asian backgrounds. Here is what I know. The virus targets a receptor, ACE2 where certain polymorphisms are noted in Asians esp. men, increasing chances of pulmonary and cardiac issues.
my Chinese spot sent a fuckin TEXT out today. this is actually sad. stop being ignorant about this situation. everyone of Asian descent isn’t a threat. 
Asian men when they heard Koomz drop this line 
In today's Asian Age, I write about the burden of proof that digital identities like #Aadhaar have pushed onto citizens. The #surveillance use cases of Aadhaar are clear when the supreme court itself is ordering bio-metrics be used to track potential 
Asian time zone special - $KRW is at a key level, break 1200 and its 1235. 
in hawaii it’s a little different (see Asian Settler Colonialism) and i know some people don’t agree abt other Indigenous ppl being settlers but i’ve had a few Indig. ppl here (hawaii) say they’re settlers and i would say i would be a settler if i were to move back to the bay.  …
Years ago you would hardly meet young South Asian girls who dreamt of  WWE superstars. Times have changed. Meet 10 year old Layla, she has 2 goals in life, to  a teacher or WWE superstar. She can do both. It’s a blessing to inspire our South Asian youth. 
this baby learned how to eat asian food 
Congrats to @FCGoaOfficial on reaching the top spot in the @IndSuperLeague and participating in the Asian champions league. All the best 
Surprise, surprise! @AndrewYang’s first  on #CNN & no mention of #Tulsi being erased & #Bloomberg buying a spot. So much for 3-D chess & speaking up for the oppressed minority candidate & fellow Asian American being blocked #GoDemocracy
Shayna Baszler would be the first Superstar with Asian ancestry to win the biggest title she can at #WrestleMania.Shayna Baszler would also be the biggest, openly lgbtq star in all of Wrestling and WWE's first openly queer top champion. #WWENXT #RAW #SmackDown 
These parent bloggers thought it'd be funny to post a photo of Asian travelers and joke about coronavirus with their 80k Instagram followers. Their names are Brandon and Caitlin, because of course they are. 
Reminding voters of “stop and frisk” reduces Bloomberg’s support with white voters, doesn’t change black voters’ minds at all, and increases support with Asian/Latin voters  
Yo who put tears in my funny chicken show A clip of me as Da Fei from #ScissorSeven! True Asian drama fashion. Shout out to  for making this goofy chicken scene very emotional 
Here’s a nice little history of immigrant solidarity between American Jews and Asian Americans  …
Asian grooming gang jailed for 55 years after girl was forced to have sex with 300 men by the age of 15  …
Not only is @AndrewYang terrible at math, he is now a #fakenews operative. Very shameful, he has very very low standards for an Asian. He lose face for his whole family. Everyone knows smart Asians vote Big Daddy Trump, @realDonaldTrump. #KAG  …
For years, the Philippines have been stuttering to give an answer to Asian Pop And just like an answered prayer, SB19 seems to be our best reply (so far) The rise of SB19 is a statement that we CAN do it too #SB19LiveOnRappler #MORHot10 Alab by SB19 @mor1019 @SB19Official
#DonaldTrump appointed the first woman to head the #CIA.....Now a gay man to be Director of National Intelligence? Oh......The humanity! What's this  to? What's next? An Asian running the DOT?  …
Sri Srinivasan, 52, a prominent Indian-American judge, has created history by  the first person of South Asian descent to lead a powerful federal circuit court considered next only to the US Supreme Court. 
Meet the sisters behind @sanidesigns, the first South Asian brand to offer traditional formal wear on 
Does this make @andrewyang the first Asian American to be a  Always breaking new barriers that guy! Guess I have to watch the debates tonight.  …
By the AUS Government allowing thousands of young Asian women to enter the country to work in erotic massage parlors and brothels that line almost every street in our big cities, they  in human trafficking & money laundering. Prove me wrong. #HumanTrafficking
why does asian twitter ask the same question every day man shut up
Yes I hate it when they say Asian because Asian is a much broader spectrum, the elephant in the room must be pointed out to tackle this mess,people dare not say religion is to blame when its plainly obvious it is.
when i go to the asian massage parlour and have to explain what i want her to do 
two years ago, maia and alex shibutani became the first figure skaters of asian descent to medal in ice dance at the olympic games. 
...also discussed how to tell fact from fiction. I explained  from practice and gave them these tips to get them started. Inalso let them know it is safe to sit by an asian and that they can safely eat Chinese food! 
Someone on NM Senate floor just asked if "coronavirus" would be served at tonite's Senate dinner. The dinner tonight is at a Chinese Restaurant. Here's @AP's story about misguided virus fears hitting Asian American businesses  …
Heads up, Seattle cinephiles. The 2020 Seattle Asian American Film Festival is going down this week, February 20 to 23. 
What is the tea on climate justice? First Daughter @EviSteyer17 is here at Chewy Boba talking to UNLV and the  #TeamTom is proud to support Asian American owned small businesses in the time when racism is hurting Asian American small businesses badly.  – at Chewy Boba Company
I'm working on a piece about how racist coronavirus fearmongering has impacted Chinese & Asian small businesses. Anybody in Houston happen to know an Asian restaurant owner open to being interviewed?
Asian grooming gang who sexually abused two girls including one who was forced into sex with 300 men by age 15 are jailed for a total of more than 55 years Usman Ali, Banaras Hussain, Abdul Majid, Gul Riaz and two other defendants were sentenced .. 
I’m a British Asian and I fully endorse the tweet below, although I think “Tory” should be added into the label. No British Asian Labour MPs are like this.  …
Its Insane to think that this won 4 Oscars, Good to know Hollywood is giving Asian Cinema the shine they deserve. 
lisa doesnt own the jacket. someone gave it to her for like 30 mins bc she was cold. if y’all wanna get mad, direct your anger towards the designer, or burberry  all asian ambassadors for “health concerns” don’t use lisa in your monthly fake awareness blame games.
african parents and asian n latino parents are gonna have a field day
Ominous. FX vol just reached its lowest in 28 years. Similar levels preceded major downturns: Asian Crisis, Great Recession, and the EM meltdown. If only there were a historic debt imbalance somewhere in the world today. 
#Opinion: The next two weeks will be decisive to see whether #Japan would  the next Wuhan. Tokyo must act decisively to halt #coronavirus, or Asian supply chain will shatter. We believe China won’t be stingy in offering help.  
No no, this movie was only set 4 years after decade long conflict with stuff to do with Ireland. It makes sense for the character. Americans need to learn about stuff outside of their cultures for once. That goes for all Americans: White, Black, Asian, ect.
just fyi, before your local chinese food resto  a COVID-19 vector, the virus will have been spreading in other ways too. it’s really silly & racist to take this fear out on the Asian people in your town. go eat some Chinese food.
Priti Patel's own Ugandan Asian immigrant parents would not have been allowed here under these new immigration rules. They came, built a successful business and their daughter became Home Secretary. #bbcnews
i dreamt i was byleth buying cake for my students so i walked into a bakery with signage that read: “MEAN CAKES - we are mean to you” my one brain cell accepts this choice of branding. there are asian aunties lining up- the queue is HUGE. these rly must be some mean cakes.
The angry left! Rant rant shout over you! Talk talk Non stop babble! - what this racist says here is forget the Asian? (Wtf) grooming gangs what about the Whites! #Racism #whataboutary - a Useless non 
"Asian grooming" is media speak for "gangs of sadistic Muslim men who target vulnerable white working class girls then drug, rape and torture them on an industrial scale"  via @MailOnline
Asian grooming gang jailed for a total of more than 55 years 
it’s ok to be white. it’s ok to be black. it’s ok to be asian. it’s ok to be hispanic. it’s ok to be a female. it’s ok to be a male. it’s ok to be gay. it's ok to be bisexual. it’s ok to be straight. it’s ok to be you. but it is NEVER okay to be an entp.
A group of Muslim, Arab & South  organizations signed an open letter to @amprog asking why they censored their 2015 report on Islamophobia & demanding that the missing section be released.  deserve answers. #AskCAP  
Keep voting for Jimin on the semi final of Starmometer's 100 Asian Heartthrobs of 2020. Current gap against #1 is only 16k votes  … Alternate link:  … #JIMIN #지민 @BTS_twt
… and she seems to claim some sort of exceptionalism for the  - particularly her own  to any others that came to the UK seeking to build a life. In short, she doesn't seem to be consistent, just or likeable. That's not a 
But Idi Amin only came to power in January 1971 and announced the expulsion of Uganda's  on 4 August 1972, some four months after Priti was born in London (29 March 1972).
Jennie is the main rapper of the world’s biggest and most streamed Asian girl group. You  with her on the same league just ‘cause you write your own raps.
How Good is the Honda Mon Q field this year? There is: 5 PGA Tour Wins 7 Euro Tour Wins 13 Australasian Tour Wins 8 Asian Tour Wins 2 KFT Wins 1 Sunshine Tour Win 825 PGA Tour Starts 33.7 Million in PGA Tour Earnings... From Players who's last name begins with the letter A
ATTN: paypig, walletslave, humanatm, cashcows Dare to be drained simultaneously by 3 brattyAsian Dommes? Can your wallet handle all the degradation and humiliation? Comment below to be invited in the draining room. Initial tribute is required. {asianfindom canfindomme} 
Having more Asian representation in the media is always good.
It won’t ever happen, look at you know who, they are all full Koreans and still surpassed all the others, many groups with foreign members usually disband, fail, or stay well known in the Asian market but little to be known in the west or other countries
We're looking for an Asian creator to design stickers for us!  …
97 years ago today, the Supreme Court unanimously barred South Asians from  American citizens. Today, I’m proud to be 1 of 5 South Asian Americans in Congress today. Never forget that change is possible—but only if we fight back & refuse to remain silent.  …
Asian grooming gang jailed for a total of more than 55 years  via @MailOnline
More convictions of Asian men of mainly Pakistani descent for ‘vile and wicked’ planned sexual assault/multiple rapes of underage white girls in Huddersfield Victims weren’t believed. Now eating disorders, depression PTSD, drug dependence Has this been prominently reported?
"They all follow the same basic racist and sexist premise: Asian women’s pain is beautiful. In fact, pain makes Asian women more beautiful; pain is what makes Asian women beautiful at all." by  …
In 2012 Patel, Truss, Raab and Kwarteng slandered British workers as among the worst idlers in the world and called for Asian low taxes and an Asian work ethic - a tax haven for the rich, a sweatshop for the rest. Brexit is the gateway to their Tory tax haven. 
Asian grooming gang jailed for a total of more than 55 years  @MailOnline Weak sentences, they should be serving life,minimum 20 years each #Send out a message to Muslim groomers and stop calling them Asian as its insulting to us Chinese Indians Thais
Crazy Asian dude 
Last year Sudama was ranked top three in the world U18. He threw 75.27 and qualified for Asian youth games. During warm up he suffered a bad knee injury. An year has passed and no help has arrived. We need help us finance his surgery. @RijijuOffice @afiindia 
We are disappointed and disturbed by the discriminatory sentiment aimed at Asian Americans in the wake of the coronavirus epidemic in Asia. Statement from the Asian Americans Advancing Justice affiliation:  
'Vile and wicked' Asian grooming gang who sexually abused two girls including one who was forced into sex with 300 men by age 15 300 men, the poor girl must have been abused by about 5% of the towns muslim men But only 7 convictions 
I worked in London in the 1980s. In a supermarket, packing shelves and filling freezers. Most of us in these ‘low-skilled’ jobs were Scottish, Irish, Asian and Caribbean. We couldn’t get a mortgage between us, but we worked hard. What was Iain Duncan Smith doing at that time?
batman twitter smells man poc: wish they would start respecting cass and stop erasing dami’s asian-arab heritage cracker bat stan: GO SEE A THERAPIST STOP BLAMING A FICTIONAL CHARACTER poc: we’re blaming the writer tho but nice mental health joke cracker: pee pee poo
Wish I had abs so I could get a feature on one of those Asian American news sites about how my six pack is solving racism for Hot Asian Men
Asian grooming gang are jailed for a total of more than 55 years for sexually abusing two girls, aged 13 and 14 
The best American Remake of something Asian that I've seen is the Alita Battle Angel movie, because the source material wasn't even a movie it was a two part OVA. And it didn't even just adapt that it incorporated other parts of the manga. It even made me interested in Alita.
apparently the japanese imperial family have Y-DNA D1b1a2 which stems from the very oldest of the Jomon people originating in central asia, despite japan being mostly peopled by descendants of the continental asian Yayoi today 
What happens when the heroes you see  never look like you? In my keynote at F&M, I talk about my career as  book creator, & how I  to explore my racialization as a Filipino/Asian American, undo erasure, & find healing & self-love.  
Jimin is nominated in 100 asian hearthrobs 2020,and he's losing with a huge gap, it only takes a minute to vote Link!!  …
I'm legit looking forward to every single one of Hollywood's attempts at remaking asian films to fail horribly Parasite, Your Name, Akira, all of them Learn your lesson the hard way
The fact that I made a 5 months worth of paycheck on onlyfans within 2 days really tells you a lot about how severe the Asian fetish is
Do you remember that Chappelle sketch, the racial draft? We the South Asian people would like to trade Priti Patel, Sajid Javid, and Rishi Sunak for David Attenborough. His new name will be Dev Attenborough.
The site finally works. Go vote for Jimin. 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Park Jimin vs Wang Yibo  … via @starmometer
China accounts for 70% of Asian bond issuances. But since Corona Virus in China,  have  hot for global investors. In just 2 weeks,  received bids for $11 billion in the Dollar bond market, while they had lined up for just $1.55 bn issues.
"Anti-Asian racism, fanned by the mainstream media, led to major financial losses for many Chinese and Southeast Asian businesses and restaurants, as customers stayed away – with losses estimated at 40 to 80 per cent in Toronto’s Chinatowns."  …
I think putting white girls in a kpop group takes a lot of purpose away from the industry. Asian culture is finally getting attention and appreciation and white ppl just gotta jump right in on that coin. Its just disappointing to me.
VIDEO: As the usually bustling streets of Chinatown in Los Angeles lie mostly deserted amid fears about the #coronavirus outbreak, Asian Americans say they are being unfairly associated with the disease 
Since we’re talking about theft, the African and Asian continents would like to have a word too.  …
ARMY, if you have a moment, please vote for jimin in the “100 asian heartthrobs of 2020”. voting is unlimited. he’s currently losing but we have 4 days left so, let’s work hard for him!  … #JIMIN #지민 @BTS_twt
A letter received by STAE today that delighted us all, from 5 year old Emily who sent us a wonderful £3.19 she had collected for the Asian elephants. Thanks so much Emily, from all your friends at STAE and from the eles. #asianelephants @marcthevet 
. @FCGoaOfficial will play in the AFC Asian Champions League! Read more:  #HeroISL #JFCFCG #ACL 
so what happened last night was: i asked a south asian man what his name was and a caucasion bar patron yelled "ranjeep" i just hoped that his name was actually ranjeep I then continued to ask "hey - so what is your name again? and the south asian man said "my name is adam"
Yall will do anything for retweets. This is a home invasion in Gwinnett county from a few years back. Asian lady shot back. I hate it here.  …
6,000 surgical masks were robbed at a hospital in Kobe, Japan, today while armed robbers stole 600 rolls of toilet paper in Hong Kong two days ago. Are Asian  over robberies of sanitary goods amid #COVID2019 outbreak nowadays? H/T:  …
Whoa Of the top 20 best-selling new releases on Steam last month, nearly half of them *don't have English language support* Really highlights just how massive Steam is getting in Asian regions (and why you should get your game translated asap!!)  
Students say colleges not doing enough  coronavirus-fueled racism: “In classes, people won’t want to sit next to them. If they’re coughing, everyone stares at them,” one student said of his peers of Asian descent. 
Heartiest Congratulations to wrestler #SunilKumar on winning the Greco-Roman goldat the Asian Championships. Nation is proud of you !  
Chef B “ PORK RIBS” Made my own dry rub “ asian style” #grind #cheflife #chefchoice #kitchenlife 
Jake Tapper: now for Yangs thoughts on tonight’s debate Yang: I think we should have an Asian man who likes MATH as our president I am unsuspending my campaign and as a  I am announcing that CNN is endorsing Andrew Yang
AsimGuys copy paste and tweet. Hi @verified @Twitter @TwitterIndia @TwitterSupport Please verify @imrealasim He is the current rank holder of 24th asian sexiest man, 4th TV personality, famous model in india. Please verify on priority #UnitedByAsim
Japan's largest bank is investing more than $700 million in Southeast Asian ride-hailing giant Grab 
baoshan sanren really just let her mountain kids do whatever because xiao xingchen’s first instinct upon a bloodied man in the grass is ‘let’s take him home’ a real asian parent woulda told him ‘let the man die you better study for your kaoshi’
Its footage from years ago where an Asian woman shot at some home invasion criminals. Lol
“People are looking at me strange because I’m Asian." Social media has played a major role in spreading misinformation about the coronavirus and that's "definitely a very dangerous situation"  
Asian Wrestling Championships: Indian Greeco-Roman campaign ends with 5 Medals (1 GOLD & 4 Bronze): Sunil Kumar | Gold | GR 87kg Arjun | Bronze | GR 55kg Ashu | Bronze | GR 67kg Aditya | Bronze | GR 72kg Hardeep | Bronze | GR 97kg 2019: 3S & 1B 
Just in: Asian Wrestling Championships: Hardeep Singh wins Bronze medal (GR 97kg); beats Krygz grappler 3-1 in the medal bout. Its 2nd Asian Championships medal for Hardeep; won Silver in 2016 edition. 
being a bts army and listening to bts doesnt make you look asian. music is diverse 'yes' but i don't get the idea of western white being a kpop idol like errr okay
My asian mom would ask me to keep containers
India  as host for AFC Women’s Asian Cup Read more  #IndianFootball #ShePower #BackTheBlue #AsianDream 
When he was starting out, Alan Yang was terrified to write stories w/ Asian-American characters. “There weren’t many actors who were famous enough to get a show made and there hadn’t been one for 25 years or so.” @alanyang via @thedailybeast  …
All over the country, Fellas are crying out for safe spaces where they can be protected from white people. And they really hate when a white or Asian person asks: “Where is our safe space?”  …
an asian remake of Before Sunrise, but they don’t walk anywhere because they’re eating the whole time
Boris "the racist"... ...backs a black candidate for Mayor ...more BAME than any government ever ...Asian Chancellor ...Asian Home Secretary ...supports right to wear burqa ..argues amnesty for illegal immigrants ..argues for more Indian/African immigration And HE'S the racist?  …
The Asian version of Marriage Story. Remember that this Asghar Farhadi film also won an Oscar + was nominated for Best Original Screenplay. Have watched this movie so many times & never get bored of it. The budget 4 this masterpiece is +/- US$500k.  
"Another myth—that recycling plastic prevents it from polluting the oceans… most municipalities pay extra to get rid of their plastic waste, mostly by shipping it to Asian countries … ends up in the ocean because … high rate of 'mismanaged waste'"  …
Ignoring East Asian privilege in the name of pan-Asian unity is a frightening take. Japan occupied the Philippines in the name of pan-Asian unity and treated Filipinos abominably. Truly  are built by dismantling privilege, not denying it.
Attend HITC by 88rising? His Fanmeeting? Or Asian Sound Syndicate?  …
78 years ago today, and following half a century of anti-Asian criminalization and exclusion, FDR signed #ExecutiveOrder9066, forcibly removing from the west coast/Arizona and incarcerating 126,000 Japanese immigrants and Japanese Americans in concentration camps across the 
From a historical perspective: "The sick man of Asia" justified imperialism; now the Chinese Gov can fight back. From a critical race perspective: white man with no credentials to speak on China writes  3 experienced journalists of Asian heritage lose their jobs.  …
Why those who blindly suck long dead lethal Mughals & glorify & whitewash unmitigated tyrants, destroyers of Hindu temples, who raped looted and killed thousands & thousands of Hindus are called authority of south Asian history? @RituRathaur  …
Asian twitter hate asian twitter more than ppl that aren't part of asian twitter
WE ARE BEHIND AGAIN Vote for #Taehyung for Asian Heartthrobs 2020  Note: ● Complete the Captcha challenge for your vote to be counted ○ This is an unlimited poll ● This poll will be closed on February 22, 2020 at 10:00pm HKG/TPE 
Whoever said it, the Democrats are doing it. And they don't mind taking down black, Hispanic, and Asian middle class folk in the process.  …
Bernie Sanders leads nationwide among, black, Hispanic, Asian and white voters in new poll  …
DNC: Shit. Liz is shitting the bed, the mayor has no chance with the blacks, Biden's in space. Fuck. Get Bloomberg. New strategy. We'll run our own elitist racist NY oligarch against their elitist racist NY oligarch. Maybe it'll work. Anything but that Asian kid.
#BizAsiaRatings Colors' #MujhseShaadiKaroge stayed No.1 for the second day in UK; Star Plus No.1 Asian TV channel with #YHC top fiction #KHKT #YRHPK #KZK next #MereSai & #PatialaBabes top on Sony TV #ZindagiGulzarHai on Hum TV #Ruswai on ARY:  …
Asian Age, Kolkata. First job. Some pages came from Delhi, we replaced with local stuff. One photo was: ‘Arjun Singh, Sitaram Kesri and Jitendra Prasada in deep conversation before CWC meeting’. We replaced it with photo of 3 winners of a dog show. Forgot to change the caption.
This is further evidence of my theory that part of being an upwardly mobile south asian in this country is a harboured resentment of your parents  …
SULTAN IBRAHIM STADIUM INSPECTION BY ASIAN FOOTBALL CONFEDERATION (AFC) DELEGATION More photos at  
[VOTE] Vote for Taehyung in the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round Click the link below to vote ☟ You can vote multiple times This poll will be closed on February 22, 2020 Taehyung is losing #Taehyung #뷔 @BTS_twt 
We're accepting applications for our "First Research Article“ fellowship! Open to graduate students based at Asian, African, or Latin American institutions. Deadline March 15, 2020.  #phd #phdlife #academia #berlin #histsci #histmed #envhist 
. @thewire_in Wins 'Best News Startup', 'Best Use of Video' at South Asian Digital Media Awards 2019  … congratulations @svaradarajan @bombaywallah @mkvenu1
India has been  as the first South Asian hosts for the AFC Women’s Asian Cup 2022 by the AFC Women’s Football Committee  …
Counthill School - run by @OldhamCouncil and in @Debbie_abrahams constituency. Both Council & MP knew white working class girls were groomed at the school gates and taken away to be raped & sold by Asian Grooming Gangs. Both Council & MP remain silent.  …
Asim is more popular than HK he is global star icon 24th Asian Sexiest Man both brothers don't need even a piece of anyone fame #WeAreProud of both brothers @imrealasim @realumarriaz woh jo hain apni mehnat se hyn No one dare take Asim’s hard earned achievement away from 
Exactly who considers her an 'authority' on South Asian History? Alt news?  …
India  as host for AFC Women’s Asian Cup 2022. Stadiums proposed by India are D Y Patil Stadium (Mumbai), Trans Stadia Arena (Ahmedabad) and Nehru Stadium (Goa) #Indianfootball
Join us in the mass voting for Taehyung on 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020. The poll will end on 22 Feb & you can vote unlimited times.  … Drop your voting screenshot & Tag 5 mutuals. 
Hi @verified @Twitter @TwitterIndia @TwitterSupport Please verify @imrealasim and assign blue tick to him. He is the current rank holder of 24th asian sexiest man, 4th TV personality,Top 2 finalist of famous reality show and a famous model in india. Please verify on priority.
Home Secretary Priti Patel, the daughter of Ugandan Asian immigrants has just introduced an immigration system that would not allow people like her Grandparents (poor, 'low skilled') into this country. BTW, I hate the term 'low skilled', they are, IMO, skilled.
Sepoy Arjun of #ArmySportsInstitute #MissionOlympicWing wins Bronze medal in 55 kg category at Asian #Wrestling Championships in #NewDelhi. We continue to promote #SpiritofSports. #Proud 
Asking all Asians: What is an Asian chicken omelette 
Sunil Kumar wins India’s first Asian Championships Greco-Roman gold in 27 years  …
#SunilKumar won Gold Medal in 87Kg Greco-Roman at the Asian Championships after beating Kyrgyzstan’s Azat Salidinov.He  the 1st Indian wrestler in 27 years to win a Gold Medal in Greco-Roman wrestling.Congrats Sunil..Nation is proud of your performance 
Hi @verified @Twitter @TwitterIndia @TwitterSupport, please verify @imrealasim and assign blue tick to him. He is the current rank holder of 24th asian sexiest man. 4th TV personality. Top 2 finalist of @BiggBoss show and a famous model in India. Please verify on priority
Yes, @MiaYim may read full-Asian by some. I get that. We can talk about what that means for her as she walks in the world. BUT, her bio dad is black and she identifies as (is) black because of it. Mix kids too often are made to feel like they aren’t enough. STOP!  …
how asian parents say sorry to their crying child: 
Congratulations wrestler #SunilKumar on winning the Greco-Roman goldafter 27 years for India at the Asian Championships. Sunil defeated his counterpart Azat Salidinov from Kyrgyzstan in the 87 kg category. India is proud of you champion! @KirenRijiju 
Happy to learn that it was the first Asian Championships Gold medal in Greeco-Roman category for an Indian wrestler in last 27 years #SunilKumar
Many congratulations to Sunil Kumar for winning gold at Asian Wrestling Championships held in Delhi in the in 87-kg Greco Roman category. 
As we deal with corona virus, some in the Chinese-Aust & broader  are suffering, with reports of racism & people staying away from restaurants. I joined some friends from local Chinese &  today to show solidarity against racism. 
Yeah, the same 'authority' on South Asian History which found Sita ji saying lord Rama was a misogynistic Pig. Yup, a Pig with a capital P. Great to know such an authority.  …
No offense taken. I understand why people would continue to tell me I’m all Asian. The same ppl who called my sister @MissYim2 an African queen calls me Asian & it’s the features. But using my platform to proudly represent both races & be a Role model for other biracial ppl.  …
Reminder in most Asian countries #.LalisaXCelinePFW is during the wee hours of the day when everybody was supposed to be snoring but we managed to get 3.3M tweets in 24hrs! Let's hope to aim for more on Lalisa's support hashtag in tomorrow's MFW for Prada! 
As an E. Asian - gotta say, denying E. Asian privilege is laughably absurd. We’ve literally been invaders & colonizers & exploiters and take up hella space  … – at Stanford University
Closeups cuz im p happy with this one-- the bros with their beloved Ah Jie, and dad's 1964 Aston Martin DB5 Vantage Coupe. Bc every asian dad gets their kids to pose with their cars, right..? 
I should clarify Kpop stan twitter*** If you reply to tweets with a fan video of a 95 pound asian person dancing for no reason you’re on the nuked list  …
NASCAR driver Candace Muzny found dead one month after being released from jail for 'anti-Asian' attack.  
I can’t tell you how proud I am of my boy @jokoy Sold out Chase Center 2 nights. That is about impossible for  pushin’ JoLove u manShout to @p_lo Shout to the Filipinos! Shout to all Asian, Mexican, Black, Samoan, White, Arab, AllWe all showed out for Jo 
suju were kids during the asian economic crisis in the 90’s. a lot of them grew up fairly poor, and even the ones who didn’t have always been conscious about money.
Great to meet @AudreyTruschke in New Jersey who is considered an authority on South Asian History. Thank you for the lovely Thai lunch, Prof ! 
why do so many asian girls try so hard to talk ghetto this is a serious question
YOOOO PAUSE AN ASIAN LADY IS ACROSS THE ROW FROM ME WEARING A FACE MASK AND COUGHING NOOOOOO SPAM SOME F’S:(
"妖怪 Asian mythological creatures" by bouten abarewanko  
Dear @SenWarren: did you take responsibility for your celebrity supporter Ashlee Marie Preston saying, "Latino and Asian businesses need 2 stop being rude & f--n disrespectful, & I kno its A LOT to ask in CA but speak f--n English 2*  …
Meet NASA's first ever South Asian female flight director!  … via @ABC13Houston
Sunil Kumar wins gold in Asian Wrestling C'ships, ends India's 27-year wait in Greco-Roman  …
Over 200,000 African Americans have moved out of Chicago in the past two decades. At the same time, white, Latino and Asian residents are flowing in, and the wealthier, whiter downtown, West Loop and North Side have been booming. From The New York Times. 
The Mughals had a pretty strong bias in favor of light skin before the British arrived. Much of the Middle Eastern, N. African, & C. Asian Islamicate world had already cemented a relationship b/w dark skin (and a kind of proto-racial Blackness) & negative qualities before Euro  …
WE ARE BEHIND WITH HUGE GAP Vote for #Taehyung for Asian Heartthrobs 2020  Note: ● Complete the Captcha challenge for your vote to be counted ○ This is an UNLIMITED POLL ● This poll will be closed on Feb 22, 2020 at 10pm HKG/TPE 
#OnThisDay in '99, riots in Calcutta after Sachin is controversially run out against Pak in Asian Test Championship match. Spectators were moved away & match was played with empty stands after 3 hour delay. Pak won this  inspite of being 26/6 on Day 1 
remember when people hating how i sound “american” now people hating how i sound too “asian” can i try melayu accent now? and get hate on it too
Metro  lost 10 DAYS in traffic in 2019. The Asian Development Bank also ranked Metro Manila as the most congested city in the region.  
“Invasive Asian carp present a serious danger to Kentucky’s waters and our $1.2 billion fishing industry,” said #McConnell. @SenateMajLdr #MitchMcConnell secured $25 million in funds to help remove the invasive #AsianCarp from #Kentucky's  …
Hi @verified @Twitter @TwitterIndia @TwitterSupport please verify @imrealasim and assign blue tick to him. He is the current rank holder of 24th asian sexiest man, 4th TV personality,Top 2 finalist of @BiggBoss & a famous model in india with over 2M @instagram followers.
This Model Grew Up Wishing He Was White… Now, He’s Redefining Asian Masculinity  …
Your Goddess is feeling herself, and now she wants to feel your fucking money. $end because I blessed you with my face. Want more ? $end. { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme brat Asian } 
They purposely made Prince Naveen's ethnicity vague cuz they were scared to have an interracial couple with their chest but also too scared to make a black couple. His VA is a white Brazilian, he's brown skin, he speaks French, his name is South Asian. Imo anyone can claim him
Hi @men u see this? Actually this is really just for Asian men. If any other men did it, it’d be creepy as fk plz don’t do this.  …
asian clothes >> 
. @RepJayapal: "We organizers who are fighting for justice have to be organizing not only on the outside but also on the inside -- and so now thanks to the 7th District, I'm the first South Asian American woman in the United States House of Representatives." 
how similar are we? 10% black/dark brown hair 10% brown eyes 10% asian (+5 if pakistani/desi) 10% introvert 10% 16 yrs old 10% always stressed 10% procrastinates too much 10% weeb 10% multi 10% ults bts 
Sunil Kumar wins gold in 87-kg Greco Roman category in Asian Wrestling Championships.  …
Eeeeeee very excited to announce that I'm one of @CAPEUSA 's 2020 class of fellows! This organization does so much to uplift the voices of Asian-American creators and I'm so glad I get to learn from them.  …
At last! An Asian inspired Atheist Eatery! Rejoice! 
storms should be named after asian aunties
Stop being sad to our asian whanau over coronavirus yah DOGS!
Alright shout out to my Asian kings... y’all hot af and derserve a lot more from the gay and  than y’all get! 
Seokjin was ranked 1st among 18,000 male faces from 58 countries by a Czech Doll Designer Team and was ranked 1st by plastic surgeons for having the most scientifically handsome Asian male face  …
This annoys me so much as an Asian lesbian, they see Japan and other Asian countries as some anime paradise free from "evil western gays" and actually see that as a good thing meanwhile my country's government is literally cracking down on LGBT people in their own homes
Misinformation & disinformation about coronavirus is impacting Asian American businesses in a very bad way. Today I joined some friends for dim sum to remind everyone that Brooklyn's Chinatown is open for business!!  …
Just published. My paper with Hal Hill in Asian Economic Policy Review: The Southeast Asian Economies in the Age of Discontent  
Gave a well-received talk at Disney Animation on representation dressed (unintentionally) like the distant Asian sister of Anna & Elsa. My power is data! Talk : 
Bong Joon-Ho’s “Memories of Murder” had its U.S. premiere not at Sundance or Telluride but at the San Diego Asian Film Festival, which went on to play nearly all of Bong’s films, from his 2009 “Mother” to his rare 2004 “Influenza.” via @sdut @husbrian  …
Key quote: “The richness of our Caucasian Australian storytelling tradition runs deep, [so] I’m just trying to contribute to the same richness within Asian Australian storytelling.” ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  …
Hidetoshi Nakata... What a moment for Asian male objectification. 
I support the return of the Elgin Marbles because it brings us one step closer to every South Asian getting to play the world’s largest game of Pass The Parcel with the Koh-I-Noor
me: [asian american-ly tries to explain my art career at family dinner] my cousin:  …
why can’t i walk my dog in peace?? has no one on my street ever seen a thique asian mami before
A group that opposes affirmative action has appealed a U.S. judge's ruling that Harvard does not intentionally discriminate against Asian American applicants 
its ok to be white its ok to be black its ok to be asian its ok to be hispanic its ok to be a female its ok to be a male its ok to be gay its ok to be bisexual its ok to be straight its ok to be you but it’s NOT ok to pick Wario In ANY Mario games
Ignoring privilege doesn't erase it. And talking about privilege doesn't invent it. All kinds of privileges exist in AsAm spaces, to include East Asian privilege, and dehumanizing the Asians who speak up on these difficult subjects shows your unwillingness to build true unity.
If you can understand that rich Asians need to listen to critiques from poor Asians, or that light-skin Asians need to listen to critiques from dark-skin Asians, then you can understand that critiques of East Asian privilege do not destroy pan-Asian solidarity, but strengthen it.
This is exactly the East Asian attitude I'm talking about. The fact that any of you believe you're the arbiter of Filipino American identity & that my criticism gives you justification to take away my AsAm identity proves you see Filipinx as beneath you⁠—which proves my point.  …
I've been coughing for 2 weeks now. No one will go near me. It's great! Also not Asian. People need to grow up, honestly. It's disgusting with how they're treating people
Can we just fucking cancel China already? The country bullies a lot of asian countries into submission while doing shady shit.  no surprise.  …
Hi @verified @Twitter @TwitterIndia @TwitterSupport, please verify @imrealasim and assign blue tick to him. He is the current rank holder of 24th asian sexiest man, 4th TV personality,Top 2 finalist of @BiggBoss Show and a famous model in india. Please verify on priority
Burberry decided to not invite asian people to their event this is racisme 
Happy birthday to the Grande Dame of Asian American Woman Artists @yokoono ! You inspire me everyday, to breathe, open my heart and art in all I do. May the universe bless and protect you, today and always.
happy to inform you that Mr. CascadianSolo has been deleted. with hits such as: all asian men are effeminate, teachers are overpaid, and trans people shouldn't be considered trans until they're over 18. 
Lots of doctors are Persian, Arab, Asian etc. This isn’t just a whites’ racism issues. Anti-Blackness runs rampant in  as well and you know it.
After all those aapi for Warren “Asian experts” smeared Yang all year long with their fake dad joke outrage, I’m low key loving how Bloomberg is tanking her momentum.
I have a Chinese exchange student as my roommate and she has been very worried abt being discriminated against. Being Asian myself, I did not think too much of it but apparently ppl actually start normalizing racism to Chineses/Asians now wtf
[VOTE] Vote for Taehyung in the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round Click the link below to vote ☟ You can vote multiple times This poll will be closed on February 22, 2020 ✄ Widen the Gap! #Taehyung #뷔 @BTS_twt 
The Wire Wins 'Best News Startup', 'Best Use of Video' at South Asian Digital Media Awards 2019  …
The media rarely tells these stories or has any empathy for hard working Chinese Americans struggling to make ends meet because there are so few Asian people in the media. And the very few who are in the media survive by sucking up to white people and parroting their narratives.
Every time someone brings up making James Bond black or a woman  out of the woodwork claiming it will somehow ruin the sanctity of a franchise of movies that once had an Asian woman named Chew Mee.
uber driver: [to my Asian friend] you speak really good English man! him: ..well I mean I’ve lived in the US my whole life, I’m from Atlanta and moved to Chicago after college driver: nah you speak really good English tho! Haha like really good him: ........
White people do this but get scared when an Asian person coughs  …
The Asian American Journalists Association asks the media to be mindful of photos, context and word choice surrounding coronavirus. "AAJA warns against blanket use of Chinatown images that reinforce stereotypes and create a sense of 'otherness.'" 
Imagine this: a kpop group with 12 members, all from different Asian countries, each member is a different Zodiac sign, and has their own personal concept of that sign (for solo projects). Their debut song is Ophiuchus, the newest 13th sign, and its about Unity, meaning unity +
TONIGHT in Cambodia Town! Come through and learn about deportation defense strategies for Southeast Asian and Khmer folks from our allies at @AsianPrisonerSC #SanctuaryLB 
And ignore all political messages. Or they're on the opposite side saying to the  themselves, "Your rep isnt good enough" "You aren't doing rep right" And act like they're the beacons of morality and social awareness who must teach asian ppl how to be queer "correctly"
the amount of racism and infantilization I see from the  @Japan and other asian countries is always disgusting to say the least. People straight up think nothing about the country is political in any way just because they watch cartoons ...(1/2)
in case i wasn't clear enough *ahem* burberry is racist and uninviting asian celebrities and burberry workers from areas and countries that are relatively unaffected out of sheer paranoia is not only highly disrespectful but xenophobic
More than half of the top 20 new Steam releases in January were from Asian studios. And nearly half featured no English audio/text. In the past , it was unheard of for a non-English game to succeed on Steam.  …
asian ≠ someone with coronavirus. if you withhold all asian celebrities from attending your event for this reason, you are racist.
one thing is cancelling the shows entirely for safety reasons but literally only asian celebrities are being uninvited? burberry xenophobic bye
blinks can y'all focus on the fact that all asian representation were uninvited by burberry due to the corona virus to "ensure their guest's safety" like how fvcking disgusting of them having to hear "you  you're asian, the corona virus" like...?!?!? 
Weird bad thing: iOS built-in adult content filter blocks all searches with the keyword "Asian,” assuming it's porn-related. Which means a 12 y/o Chinese-American girl might Google "Asian hairstyles" and find out that her culture is blocked as "adult content."
Burberry not inviting their Burberry workers in Asia and also no Asain celebrites because of Coronavirus is literally so disgusting. This balanent xenophobia against Asian people is so ugly 
Me calling my mom when i got suspended for calling the disabled asian kid sum ting wong 
not Burberry known as one of the biggest brands in the fuckin world deciding not to invite asian celebrities to their show during this fw in fear of them spreading the corona virus?? the blatant xenophobia yall they ain't even try to hide it 
If you joke about Asians eating dogs/cats, we actually add your pet’s name, photo, and location to the International Asian Cuisine database for future harvesting reference.
you're telling me jisoo probably didn't get to serve like this again because burberry decided to uninvite asian celebrities to fashion week because of the coronavirus... 
We all know what this means. They can refuse to treat white people. Not a single black, mooslim, jew, asian, or indian will ever be told they are racist, homophobic, or sexist, and be refused treatment. Wake up, white people.  …
Old white man at work: So are you Thai? Me:.... eye...no. Owm: Are you Asian at all? Me: No? But I'm Black and Native.. Owm: that explains why you look Asian. Me: 
please vote for jimin in the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 the vote is unlimited so you can keep voting!  
Increased #LNG  with lower Asian demand is a major recipe for disaster... pushing major operators over the edge" into bankruptcy. Is #CoastalGasLink already dead, praying for govt buy-out?  … #Wetsuweten #bcpoli #cdnpoli @charliesmithvcr
1/ I’m running for district leader in Assembly District 24. It’s one of the most important local positions a person could run for. Right now my district is 30% south Asian yet there’s no south Asian representation.
There is 1 way for Faker to skip his mandatory military service Asian Games in 2022 adopt League of Legends as a legitimate event South Korea national team selects Faker South Korea wins a gold medal If Faker did that, at age 26, he would be exempt from the military
Sunil Kumar wins gold in Asian Wrestling Greco-Roman Championship  …
Have you asked yourself why the judgement of God is over the nations? The Deadly Corona Virus claiming lives in Asian countries. Kenya on the other hand battling with the Locust menance Isn't this the beginning of birth pangs? 
A little 5ft asian girl with attitude: 
"Chinatown is bleeding:" Across the U.S., Customers are staying away from Asian American businesses amid fears of a virus outbreak thousands of miles away. 
Lmao not 
An Asian could tweet hi and people will say asian twitter needs to be stopped
Asian American business owners are seeing a significant drop in customers over fears of coronavirus. Thats why nearly 400 people came out for a "dim sum brunch" to support Boston's Chinatown.  …
A boss once tried to convince me to change my name from Liwag (an indigenous Filipino name) to Li so it "would sound more Asian and we can book you more students since Asians are the best pianists." Don't tell me SE Asians aren't marginalized when E Asian is seen as the default.  …
On Day 2 of #CMSCOPIndia a special seminar was held to highlight efforts made by the Govt of India under #ProjectElephant to ensure long-term conservation of the gentle giants. The Asian Elephant is likely to be included in @BonnConvention 's Appendix 1 of protected 
Sunil  first Indian to win Greco-Roman gold in Asian C'ship  …
Over 50% of Indian restaurants in NYC are actually run by Bangladeshis. But a growing number of South Asian restaurants are working to distance themselves from the generic "Indian food" label and share their own national and regional flavors.  …
Honestly Hollywood casting the same 6 black people people and 4 Asian people.  …
asian armys we don't even have sound to check
While the concept of the Model Minority isn't real, East Asian privilege is. East Asian countries have colonized, subjugated, & exploited Southeast Asian countries, & those attitudes & behaviors carry over into diasporic spaces, whether it's in media, education, or everyday life.  …
Just because all Asians suffer under anti-Asian racism & Western imperialism doesn’t mean EA are incapable of oppressing, exploiting, & harming SEA in the same way. So if you don’t like hearing about EA privilege, stop denying its existence & dismantle its structures instead. 7/7
The insistence that East Asian privilege isn’t real is rooted in the racist belief that SEA are inherently inferior to EA—that being exploited & mistreated by EA abroad or in diasporic spaces is natural & expected, & any objections SEA have are obstacles to pan-Asian progress. 6/
Reminder that East Asian privilege is real & consists of two main aspects: 1) the historical & ongoing imperialism, colonization, & exploitation of Southeast Asian countries by East Asian countries 2) the monopolization of pan-Asian resources by East Asians in diasporic spaces 1/
We're horrified about the appalling abuse being meted out to Myan Prince & Vishwa, captive Asian eles in Sri Lanka, living in constant fear, being beaten & stabbed relentlessly. Pls sign our petition demanding a ban on brutal Asian ele adverts:  
We wish this couple a speedy recovery, but they typify brexit -  because everyone was foreign and didn't speak their English (on their Asian cruise), and wanted an airlift to RAF Brize Norton because they are tory voters.  …
ik its funny but it irritates me that kpop stans will see any asian person on tiktok and instantly go OMG THEY LOOK LIKE [insert kpop idol here] 
Sunil Kumar has  the 1st Indian wrestler in 27 years to win a Greco-Roman gold at the Asian Championships after beating Kyrgyzstan’s Azat Salidinov in the 87 kg. @KirenRijiju congratulates him on this fantastic 
The Wire received two awards – ‘Best News Startup of the Year’ and ‘Best Use of Video’ – at the South Asian Digital Media Awards 2019.  …
A meeting was held with the Asian Development Bank delegation to strengthen the education and health sectors, focusing on building infrastructure in both sectors. Also, appealed to the delegation to co-operate in strengthening social justice & tribal development departments. 
Have been so busy this month I haven't even shared my latest @reason feature yet! It's on the nationwide legal assault on Asian massage businesses & their staff:  … I like to think of this as the 3rd installment in our war-on-sex-work cover trilogy... 
Sunil (IND) Celebrates after a strong Asian Championship. | #uww #unitedworldwrestling #wrestlingislife #wrestling #olympicwrestling #wrestle #wrestlingnews #wrestlingseason #wrestler #usawrestling #russiawrestling #iranwrestling #WrestleNurSultan 
Proud Moment: Our Gold medalist Sunil Kumar (GR 87kg) on the victory podium In last year's Championships, Sunil Kumar won Silver medal. PS: Worth mentioning again that its first Asian Championships Gold medal in Greec0-Roman for wrestler in last 27 years 
A big up to Asian football fans who stay awake till 3/4am to watch football even on weekdays 
India's Sunil Kumar wins gold in 87 kg greco roman category at Asian Wrestling Championships in New Delhi #asianwrestling #sunilkumar
Sunil Kumar wins gold in the men's 87kg GR beating Kyrgyzstan's Salidinov. This is the first Asian Championship GR gold for India in 27 years. 
Will anyone notice that at the #DemDebate, @AndrewYang, the Asian businessman who got there on the strength of his ideas in spite of MSM bias ... has been replaced by the old white billionaire businessman who the DNC changed the rules for? Are you happy with this America?
New blogpost on #BLJapanese pattern books by Hamish Todd, Head of East Asian Collections at @britishlibrary. Some of the images are exhibited in 'Exquisite patterns: Japanese Textile Design Books', a new free exhibition open until 17 May 2020  
News Flash: Sunil Kumar wins GOLD medal (GR 87 kg) in Asian Wrestling Championships; beats Krygz grappler 5-0 in Final. Its first Asian Championships Gold medal in Greeco-Roman category for Indian wrestler in last 27 years (Earlier Pappu Yadav in 1993) 
So sorry, crying White man, but nice Black man will help you get over the Asian lady who dumped you. 
Found this, noah was dancing at hanbins part when iKON performing on asian games closing ceremony 
Malaysian Ahgases, maybe tagging @JYPTHAILAND would help. South East Asian countries are under its care fighting
Don’t Abandon Us, Nigerian Students In Chinese City, Wuhan, Cry Out | Sahara Reporters The young men and women asked @NigeriaGov not to abandon them in the Asian country because their lives were increasingly under threat by the deadly disease. READ MORE:  
way, it’s not just because almost every third gen artists has openly stated they are influenced by them, but also because of how they allowed many Asians around the world to re-claim parts of their cultural identities and be proud that they are Asian.
WE ARE BEHIND AGAIN Vote for #Taehyung for Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Note: ● Complete the Captcha challenge for your vote to be counted ○ This is an unlimited poll ● This poll will be closed on February 22, 2020 at 10:00pm HKG/TPE time  
A wetland isn't just a local place. It can also  an international place, as migratory creatures flock there. How do we conserve wetlands and species across the Central Asian flyway- CAF? We tried finding some answers at #CMSCOP13 - going global to 
At my old high school, my friend (Asian) brought in homemade dumplings for a celebration. Upon seeing her walk down the hall with them, a teacher proceeded to ask “Cat or Dog?”, cackle, and go into her classroom.
As an Asian, this is absolutely correct. 
The Asian #Elephant is an endangered species. Its conservation crucially depends on the cooperation across the Asian Elephant Range States. Side Event: Elephant Conservation Beyond Borders Today, 18:15-19.30hrs, room 5  
hey, pls take a minute to vote for our jimin in the '100 asian heartthrobs of 2020' poll. voting is unlimited! he's currently losing by about 1K votes. let's get this win for him  … #JIMIN #지민 @BTS_twt
Serenely thinking about the  who tweeted that dating an asian is like dating someone with one arm and then she went on MSNBC  about the Bernie Bros
Just in: First medal for India in Asian Wrestling Championships: Arjun Halakurki wins Bronze medal (GR 55kg); beats Korean grappler 7-4. 
Everyone was White in Brampton back then. Now the population is mostly of South Asian descent. It is a hate crime to question the replacement of Whites in Brampton:   …
Vote for JIMIN in 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round level 2-Opening poll again!  … Click this link and read the voting mechanics This is UNLIMITED poll so that we can vote continuously. Pls help him win to advance level 3 Jimin is 49.55% 
Shooting World Cup - x Asian Shooting C'ships - x Commonwealth Games - x Youth Olympic Games - x , x ...and Manu Bhaker just turned 18 today. Happy birthday to India's teenage sensation @realmanubhaker @hanumanbeniwal 
First Asian American sheriff in California vows to protect immigrants from Trump policies | Via: USA Today  …
#AMBCinemas in Vizag AMBCinemas is going to built in Jagadamba Junction in Visakhapatnam Suresh Babu also joined in this venture along with Asian Cinemas & Mahesh #SuperstarMahesh #Namrathashirodkar
In 2020, the world is entering the Asian Century via @wef #Asia #MegaTrends @alvinfoo @chboursin @mvollmer1 @NevilleGaunt @JoannMoretti @DigitalColmer @Fabriziobustama @kalydeoo @kuriharan @AkwyZ @robvank @MHiesboeck @debashis_dutta @DigitalColmer @labordeolivier 
Fat pussy gyal ah walk pon rd: African men: White men: Asian men: West Indian men: MI MUDDASKUNT PUM PUM FAT NUH BLUDCLARTTTT. JESUS CHRISTTTTT
Asian Fairy-Bluebird(M) a nice day out in Tat Mok NP Phetchabun today. There were lots of these about feeding near the road and I also added a couple of lifers too in the form of a Grey-crowned Warbler and Little Cuckoo-Dove. Time for some Netflix and a beer I reckon! 
NPR/Marist Poll Race Breakdown African Americans: Biden 31% Sanders 28% Bloomberg 16% Warren 5% Other Non-White (Latino/Asian): Sanders 34% Biden 21% Bloomberg 19% Warren 8% White: Sanders 29% Bloomberg 18% Warren 15% Klobuchar 10%
JAPANESE GOVERNMENT WORRIED ABOUT BREXIT It has issued warnings on behalf of 1,000  based in UK, saying they are halting investment & moving operations to Europe. Nikkei Asian Review says 70% of Japanese manufacturers “feel a negative impact from Brexit
hating kpop isnt an excuse to be racist against asian people part 2929039
me when i see this asian couple in college all over each other every SINGLE DAY  …
Discussing Diclofenac #CMSCOP13 This veterinary drug has killed 40 million Asian vultures Thankfully it's now illegal in Now it's a threat in Europe & Africa We want Diclofenac banned #SaveVultures @BonnConvention @BirdLifeEurope 
Queer Asian fantasy for ur ears! - A nun joins a group of bandits in a wuxia take on Emergency Malaya - In the Chinese underworld, a girl falls for her husband's robot second wife - A hapless imugi tries & fails to  a dragon, gets a girlfriend on the way Preorder below  …
The Morrison Government’s Pacific Step Up  at the expense of a Southeast Asian Step Down. These cuts directly undermine Australia’s interests in a prosperous, stable and secure region.  …
#STAE is a team of conservationists, lawyers & campaigners dedicated to saving the Asian elephant. Contact us: savetheasianelephants@stae.org Please look us up and maybe donate:  @PeterEgan6 
Asian too
Asian Champions League is finially back...9.00pm(EDT) Fox Sports 505/506 with @fctokyoofficial vs @PerthGloryFC and @FCSEOUL vs @gomvfc @TaraRushton and Alex Brosque.xmb @TheAFCCL
If ur an asian girl from Cal Poly Pomona that went to LED Anni who asked if I wanted to dance and you recognize who I am please message me I’ll invite you to Benefit Showcase and you can meet Jeremy Passion
i think it also bears saying that 1. Asian artists from Asia are not a monolith any more than AAPI artists are: we have a wide range of politics, stories & awareness of AAPI issues 2. Asian artists and AAPI artists do not owe each other things (though it would be nice)  …
MH17 NEW EVIDENCE ASIAN DEAD BODIES NOT DUTCH NO BLOODBODY PARTS NOT FROM LIVING PEOPLE MOST BODIES WERE NAKEDDUTCH EXPIRED PASPORTS WITH HOLES IN IT ?MARK RUTTE  #DCQStaff #Trump2020 
White people telling Asian people about how they’re so upset about racism against Asian people is actually just another form of racism. You’re expecting us to soothe your skinned knee while we deal with our sucking chest wound.
[] Top Ten Awards FINALS Asian ATINY, it’s your time to shine!!  • sign up w/ different accounts • scroll down & select ATEEZ • vote up to 30x a day • voting ends Feb 25! See how to collect voting tickets. @ATEEZofficial #ATEEZ 
Are you interested in: anime-inspired fantasy queer-norm settings Asian-coded characters cute af sapphic romance unconventional sibling relationships murderous roosters themes of colonialism & revolution Then enter to win STEEL CROW SAGA by  …
See the difference in their bio.. #WeMissYouSid bio: Actor and Model Nalla : 24th sexiest Asian man,4th Biz Asia tv personality , BB13 1st runner up...blah blah... Sid's achieved soo much more yet soo humble, Nalla acting like some kinda superstar.. 
Good luck to @PerthGloryFC who take on F.C. Tokyo tonight. Glory will be representing our great State as they make their historic debut in the Asian Champions League. #OneGlory
In case you missed it, the Asian American Journalists Association ( @aaja) published a statement calling on newsrooms to cover coronavirus accurately and factually without further fueling xenophobia and racism towards Asian  Summary in the graphics below: 
Day 2 at #CMSCOP13India Today at #CMSCOP13, India's National Action Plan for the conservation of #MigratorySpecies & their habitat along Central Asian Flyway & its implementation will be discussed along with other Side events 
mfs making a whole ass news about  back to an asian cartoon lmaooooooooo go outside bro  …
See the difference in their bio.. #WeMissYouSid bio: Actor and Model Nalla : 24th sexiest Asian man,4th Biz Asia tv personality , BB13 1st runner up...blah blah... Sid's achieved soo much more yet soo humble, Nalla acting like some kinda superstar.. #SidharthShukla 
the REAL problem is the disgusting fact that most Asian countries are still widely homophobic. THAT should be the conversation we should be having- not “loona is gonna get hate” because someone held up a sign expressing their love
can we please, please give up on 'representation' in politics and billionaires? like idgaf if my oppressors are asian or queer. tbh that makes it even worse. it doesn't make me feel better when my oppressors look like me.
#OnThisDay in 1999 - Saeed Anwar carried his bat for 188 not out in the Asian Test Championship match against India at Kolkata. 
hi Due to unforeseen circumstances, it’s with a super heavy heart that I have to postpone my Asia tour to a later time I am so excited to play for my Asian fans very soon & share our special live experience with them. We are so sorry & will be announcing the new dates soon 
Much loved Chinese & Asian restaurants are at risk of going under. Misinformation and fear about coronavirus has left many eateries losing huge numbers of customers. Can you pledge #IWillEatWithYou & eat at an Asian restaurant to show your support?  …
Sen. Bernie Sanders: "We're bringing our people together. Black and white and Latino, Native American, Asian American, we stand together." 
Fullmetal Alchemist(Bones) 「Rewrite」(music:Asian Kung-Fu Generation) 
Plus! @cyan852 is the first asian woman to direct a superhero film. Screenwriter Christina Hodson is Hapa/half asian (AYYY ), and cinematog Matthew Libatique is also asian! @birdsofpreywb #birdsofprey #bop
parasite is still showing! see, all u have to be is an oscar best picture winner blockbuster all over the world for mall cinemas to have a place for your asian movie!
That Asian guy earned my heart, no
i just overheard this little white girl in starbucks say “china has too many ppl anyways what’s so bad about coronavirus” and i WHIPPED my head just to see she is SITTING BEHIND AN ASIAN GUY WHO HEARD HER AND THEN TURNS AROUND AND COUGHS ON HER!! i swear her soul left her body
I not only miss Taehyung’s warm-versatile voice,i also miss his blond-hair & we aint getting it anytime soon coz Tae loves his black hair (i do too,i just suddenly miss him blond) Also,PLEASE DONT FORGET TO VOTE ON ASIAN HEARTHROB  
EXPOSED! Bloomberg: Many black and Latino males don't know how to find jobs! FACTS! Unemployment rate under the Trump administration; Latinos- 4.4% Blacks- 5.4% Asian- 2.2%  …
when i get my nose and belly piercing ITS OVERRRRRRRRRR y’all gon be like who that lil asian baddie
Voting for STARMOMETER’s 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round poll closes in 30 minutes! Make sure to vote for TAEYONG before the poll closes. #NCT127 #TAEYONG  …
. @BTS_twt hello here are reasons why hoseok and yibo should collab - theyre both very pretty - dancers of the century - their music slaps - best boys - they must do it for the asian representation - they both make cute sound effects so obviously it’s a match made in heaven - pls
2/2 Now go and cry a bucket to gain sympathies and votes from your votebank that so proudly gives the 'Asian Grooming Gangs' which go about defiling your young daughters. Good Riddance, I say.
The fact that Asian Doll changed her name from Asian Doll to Asian DaBrat as if the last name was the issue 
Huey Newton was a friend to all Vietnamese and Southeast Asian people struggling against US and french imperialism.  …
Wildlife authorities are using electricity and sound to drive out invasive Asian carp 
[STARMOMETER 100 ASIAN HEARTTHROBS 2020] Please vote for our bunso JUSTIN on Round 2 of @starmometer's Battle Round! VOTE HERE:  … UNLIMITED VOTING until 12pm of Feb. 24! #SB19Roadto200KTwt #MORHot10 Alab by SB19 @mor1019 @SB19Official D6Til 
asian moms meet your boyfriend for the first time and ask him to take out the trash lmao
Stop telling an Asian girl streamer, they look like another Asian girl streamer. No, we don't look alike. No, I don't like it. No, she won't like it. Your yellow fever isn't adorable.
I find this question offensive. It's like asking a black person how "black they present" or an Asian person how "Asian they act."  …
Happy to report I’m back on the tippy top of my bullshit, i.e., reading a Very Good Asian American novel while drinking a fancy beer in a bar, alone. 
Try out Pots, Tacotarian, chef kennys asian vegan restaurant, soy Mexican veggie vegan and garden grill as well!!
First Asian American sheriff in California vows to protect immigrants from Trump policies || Via USA Today  …
so by some white people’s logic, an asian woman tasing a black man is racist abuse, but a white lady beating a black man down with her stick and watching as he’s electrocuted isn’t? just say that you’re anti asian and go.
Don’t tell me there is not a leftwing bias at the ABC & SBS. If the child of an LNP politician  even half as racist as Osman Faruqi does regularly but instead  were about black/brown/Asian/muslim people do you think the ABC & SBS would ignore it? 
Took DOW from 7900 to 20,000. Saved the Auto Industry. Hit 4% GDP 4 times. Created 15 million jobs. Has had the longest sustained job-creating economy ever. Had a Bi-partisan Trade agreement with 80% of the Asian Economies. Took the Unemployment rate from over 10% to below 4.7%
By the way, a B+ by stereotypical Asian standards really hurts. Give me an excellent A or a rebellious F, but a B+ implies mediocrity.
I DESERVE a latin/Hispanic King in my life...I’m a fuckin Asian who speaks Spanish for godsakes
Fears over the #coronavirus are fueling discrimination against Asian people driving for rideshare apps like Uber and Lyft 
Some people want to sexualize Asian women and children so badly. Already blocked this weirdo 
WE ARE NOW BEHIND Vote for #Taehyung for Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Note: ● Complete the Captcha challenge for your vote to be counted. ○ This is an unlimited poll. ● This poll will be closed on February 22, 2020 at 10:00pm HKG/TPE time.  
"What it's like to never ever see yourself on TV." Author Charles Yu on growing up Asian in America 
#JiminVote Let's vote for Jimin in the 100 Asian Heartthrobs of 2020! He is currently losing Battle Round - Level 2. Time left: 6 days, 14 hours  … #JIMIN #지민 
i went to japan and it was filled with a bunch of fucking asian people and not z-cup titted school girls that have purple hair and fight in mechs this is bull shit what a waste of money
Before some of y'all start spreading that racist anti-Asian BS around the coronavirus, know that white peeps called 'antivaxxers' have been spreading contagious diseases around for years without being called on it. 
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be hispanic its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be gay its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it is never ok to CHEAT
ain’t nobody told y’all to try n find a kdrama boyfriend HDNJDJDJJD stop fetishizing asian ppl n stop letting them fetishize u  …
Asian lawyers be like: Lift the ban or we cough
Bercow here lowkey calling black and Asian Tories Uncle Toms. Stay classy, little man.  …
I hope in the middle of tonight's jersey retirement, the famous Asian  wondering out on to the court. 
“Thank you for beating that niggas as in the studio that day when he called me a bitch”No Bapp need dat Von & Asian luv  …
Don't forget the attempts to destroy the cultures of the non-Russian soviet states like Kyrgyzstan and other central Asian countries, erasing local history and language.
Our #JIMIN is one of the semi finalist in the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 He currently ranked #2 so TeamJimin lets unite & vote. Lets get Jimin that #1 spot. Refer to the photo for poll information & the guidelines to vote. #JIMIN #지민 @BTS_twt Link  
Good grief. I sure do miss that smart Asian guy who only talked about solutions and wanting to move us all #Forward. #AmericaNeedsYang  …
It’s not about diversity! It’s about choosing some groups over others! The left already established their anti-white agenda! They are now rustling their forces against Asian students in NYC schools! (Remember, already happened at Harvard)  …
WHY ARE KOREAN OR ANY OTHER ASIAN MOVIES WAYYY BETTER THAN AMERICAN MOVIES!!
I’m absolutely disgusted in you people that think making fun of Asian people having the Coronavirus is funny. There are families dropping like flies because of a highly dangerous virus and now that everybody else stop reading this are there any bad Asian females that wanna DM me?
Over 200,000 African Americans have moved out of Chicago in the past two decades. At the same time, white, Latino and Asian residents are flowing in, and the wealthier, whiter downtown, West Loop and North Side have been booming. From The New York Times. 
Worked with @bennpackham on this story. Aus has slashed bilateral aid to Southeast Asian countries by 42%. Cuts inevitably mean a Pacific step-up will result in an Asia step-down. Mekong countries - Laos, Cambodia, Myanmar - of particular concern. Related:   …
Hokusai was 88 when he painted this. It’s not too late for any of us, friends. (At the National Museum of Asian Art, Washington, DC.) 
. @ConstanceWu On Asian-American Representation In Hollywood: 'There's A Hunger For New Stories' WATCH:  
All facts!! Only Japanese American internment survivors and their descendants received reparations in 1988, not everyone Asian living in America.  …
The nostalgia for #Holden doesn’t add up with its sales. In January 2020, the market leader Toyota sold nearly six times more cars than Holden. Holden is the Nokia of cars. Also, Australians love Asian cars. #auspol 
Senator McConnell & I took a boat out with @kyfishwildlife to observe the Modified Unified Method of removing Asian Carp from Kentucky Lake & then held a press conference. McConnell was instrumental in obtaining necessary federal funds. #WarOnCarp 
Wasn't there an Asian guy running for president who got slammed as a doomer for saying we should get our people to higher ground  …
remember that since tsukasa will be in the next tbhk episode, do not call him a rat! its really bad to call asian characters rats, no matter if you like them or not! 
DAILY REMINDER Remember to vote for TAEYONG in STARMOMETER’s 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round. He is currently in 1st place but the gap is small. Voting is unlimited so make sure to vote to widen the gap. Voting ends in 7 hours. #NCT127 #TAEYONG @NCTsmtown_127  
.Heads up buttercups.... Email phishing scam saying they are PayPal. Origin Details appear Asian. They said my account had been locked. I said "no it hasn't, and I've reported you to the FBI." Which I did. funny my reply bounced back , unknown. Be safe. Be Aware
The coronavirus is a cause for international alarm. How we manage this crisis must be based on facts and science — not fear and bigotry against Asian-Americans and Pacific Islanders. 
NEW VIDEO! Rice, plums and... a bottled root? YUM! Irish People Try Asian Alcohol:  (feat. @chizmund, Laura Gough, @CiaraODoherty, @LolsyByrne, @jamesmitchelltv, 
Growing up I was bullied and teased for being different. Now I am the first EVER Bangladeshi-American cover star in @GLAMOURMAGUK HISTORY! Plus sized. Muslim. South Asian. Daughter of Bangladeshi immigrants. And now - A COVER STAR. 
The police can't be bothered to arrest Asian rape gangs ,why would they bother with these creatures ,if this was average working class blokes ,or football supporters they would be delt with severely and their passports confiscated.
An Asian woman, the wife of Senate majority leader, and a black Dr running HUD does not equal diversity Look at the US House... 
Today Homo sapiens is primarily southeast Asian (more people live inside the circle in this image than outside it). That is pretty fascinating for a species in which all people are ~92-99% recently (evolutionarily) from Africa. 
Asian parents when they see you smiling at your phone  …
When I got married to the boyfriend I’d been living with, my conservative brother wrote to say he “didn’t support the marriage because of the differences in your races” (I’m white; my husband-to-be was Asian), but he “was very glad the concubinage was over.” Concubinage. 1972.
UW-Madison is ranked 2nd in US for innovative foreign language learning (after Middlebury College & its famous no-English-speaking contracts). Great recognition for our intensive summer language programs in South & Southeast Asian languages, especially:  …
First Asian American sheriff in California vows to protect immigrants from Trump policies  …
remember when asian twitter fought for like a week straight about eating rice with spoons, forks or chopsticks and there was that one group that kept saying eating with spoons is “ghetto”???? I think about that often
hi!!! this is a general reminder to north american/european narrative devs to please, please please advocate for localizers to get credited properly on your game. i've heard too many stories of asian translators on big western games who don't get any recognition.
imagine busting your arse for a lifetime to  a model only to share the runway with someone who calls asian people "yellow" and wrote a book about how much she enjoyed molesting a child  …
Once there is vaccine for the coronavirus, the anti-vaxxers fearmongering about Chinese and Asian people will say it’s no big deal and refuse to take it.
do you really think middle aged white men who travel to asian countries just to see young asian women have good intentions? y'all act like white men fetishizing young asian girls (WOC in general) isn't a huge well known issue. u think these dudes are just into kpop for the music?
“Statistically, you’re more likely to find an Asian doctor that will cure you than to find an Asian guy who will infect you with coronavirus, but this xenophobia is being taken out on all east Asians."  …
What matters most for emotional health for Asian American (+ white) kids is parent-child relationships, not parent expectations. Read my latest here, w @suniya_luthar Mark Chin and Nicole Zillmer  … @TuftsUniversity @InequalityHKS @boston_ssn @SSNScholars
Bafetimbi Gomis ( @BafGomis) was the hero yet again as reigning champions @Alhilal_EN of #SaudiArabia bounced back from a goal down to edge out the #UAE’s Shabab Al-Ahli in the Asian Champions League on Monday  
Imagens com som: Rosa Rosa Rosa Roosa Right there on the floor Is the man you're looking for He is right in front of you A little bit to the left myleft myleft myleft myleft Come on this way He's in the red shirt No, not the asian dude! Talking 'bout a bright red shirt! 
'Traditional nationalists' on social media  about how our women are 'coal burners' & 'race traitors'. As if THAT is the reason why THEY are single... From my personal observations, at least 3/4 of our 'race traitors' are European MEN (w/Afro or Asian wives). BTW: 
Lithographed Qur'an printed in Lucknow c. 1850, new acquisition by @amherstlibrary's Archives and Special Collections! (Bahut bahut shukriya to Mike Kelly, head of ASC, for always supporting development of the library's South Asian/Islamic collections!!) 
My talk with #UBI Activist & Activist @keiko_sono of the #YangGang on the unexplored identity politics of Asian American's during Yang's run. @InclusionismNOW we say "communities are only at their best when they identify all of their individuals".  
Heung-Min Son: First-Ever Asian Player To Score 50+ Premier League Goals. 5th All-Time Premier League Goalscorer For Tottenham Hotspur. 2019/2020: 16 Goals & 8 Assists In All Competitions (24 Involvements). South-Korean King #THFC 
Who else is asian and shit at maths?
LOCATION: Tampa, Florida SERVICES: Corrective Skincare, Waxing & Semi- Permanent Makeup. BOOKING:  … TWITTER: @sheso_asian 
asian scarjo jokes are literally only funny to me when an asian person actually makes it
New exchange for $RVN. Great to have @OKEx adding @Ravencoin to their exchange. A great opportunity for Asian markets. Plus, OKEx is just givin' away money to launch this bird. Sadly not available to the U.S. folks - but fantastic for other countries.  …
pro tip: atm you can call in sick if you're asian because employers think you might have coronavirus
2. #Coronavirus doesn’t ‘come from’ people, and does not  from Asian people. 3. You can’t confirm whether I’m a #COVID19-carrying Chinese person from a photo. 4. I’m a Hongkonger. Obviously, since SARS, I’ve been hyperaware of the importance of good hygiene.
More than half of Black, Asian and minority ethnic (BAME) MPs say they have experienced racism, racial profiling and prejudice from fellow MPs, an ITV News investigation by @ShehabKhan has found. Read more:  
BAME HISTORIANS NEEDEDHi I’m looking to connect with South Asian & Black female historians. Please drop your name & what you specialise in, it’s for an event. If you love history & education get in touch. @Diversehistory2 @RoyalHistSoc @_TheOtherBox Plz RT
99% + of Asian Americans, Latinos, and African Americans have NOT yet participated in the Democratic Primary. We get to hear from them over the next few weeks. Don’t write off @JoeBiden  …
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round level 2 – Park Jimin vs Wang Yibo.  … Click this link and read the voting mechanics This is the UNLIMITED poll so that we can vote continuously. Pls help him win to advance level 3 Jimin is recently 
Son Heung-min is the first Asian player to hit 50 #PL goals  
For many Asian Americans, our great hope at the Oscars wasn’t “Parasite,” it was Lulu Wang’s “The Farewell,” about a young woman who is confronted with the widening cultural gulf between herself and her parents and grandmother. via @nytimes  …
I feel like asian twitter died when all the annoying lonely problematic people met up at a twitter gc meet, got into a relationship with each other, then went to countdown together and are soon saving up to buy tickets to beyond or edc.  …
Support your locally owned Asian businesses! There are no cases of coronavirus in New York City and no reason to avoid these restaurants, unless you hate delicious food.  …
Please vote for Taehyung on 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020. He has currently dropped to #2. Poll will end on 22 Feb & you can vote unlimited times!!!!  … Drop your voting screenshot & tag 5 mutuals. 
UPDATE: Asian Weightlifting Championships moved to Uzbekistan due to coronavirus concerns  
as an asian i've seen so many asians and other minorities be incredibly racist towards black people so let's own up to that & be better instead of going off to attack black women in 
Let’s not pretend like the racism towards Asian folks in PR started AFTER the coronavirus
I was pleased to receive an invitation from #Japanese Govt, delivered by Ambassador Akira Sugiyama, to attend the 26th International Conference on “The Future of Asia” in Japan. I look forward to strengthening relations with PM Shinzo Abe & other Asian leaders at the event 
#ReasonsToSupportBoP • Directed by an Asian WOMAN • LGBT representation • DIVERSITY • Margot Robbie worked so hard to make this film happen, chose the characters herself, had control over the music & did IMMENSE research purely cause Harley is her baby. That’s admirable. 
The Conservative Party has a number of black and Asian MPs. All of them somehow seem to have lost their tongues today. It's almost as if they see their promotion prospects as more important than their principles.
Asian musclegod @Horaciolapo @Phoenix_Patrick @Paul07391964 @hulk_worshiper @Welshmusclefan @quad_uk @RUGODA @BBG19NYC @bodybuildfan @MuscleBBpix @Addicted2Muscl @Muscle_Addict @BumsteadFan @acebannon @braustin1103 @Capital_Bromo @tanakatotaro @cjamesauthor 
National Asian Artists Project will present Rodgers & Hammerstein's Cinderella, starring @AliEwoldt, @AnnHarada, and  …
Task 61: Vote #JIMIN for 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round - Park Jimin vs Wang Yibo [Level 2] 1. Choose Jimin 2. Complete the Captcha challenge for your vote to be counted & again click on Vote Note: You can vote again by refreshing your browser  
I don’t really admire myself but uh I’m asian and I do makeu I guess! 
New Cassandra Cain graphic novel shows Asian American girls can be Batgirl too “Being Asian American, it was really important to me to see her headlining her own book,” says author @sarahkuhn of Cassandra’s   …
I've been telling y'all to keep an eye on Kyrgyzstan.... it's - the first stop on the New Silk Road - where Manafort helped the Kremlin get the US military to abandon their only Central Asian outpost & foment civil unrest - got uranium - (see a & b)   …
What a load of sexist, misogynistic codswallop. Does Sam think all gay people think the same? Does Sam think all Asian people think the same? Does Sam think all disabled people think the same? If not, why not? Then, why does Sam think that about women? #EveryDaySexism #ExpelMe
Number of Tests for 1st Test win by Asian teams #Cricket 2 - Pakistan 2 - Afghanistan 14 - Sri Lanka 25 - India 35 - Bangladesh *Pakistan's Test win percentage of 32.24 highest by Asian Test team. followed by Sri Lanka's 31.83 (Minimum 100 Tests). AFG 2 wins in 4 Tests (50.00%)
Obviously, the one in most familiar worth is the latter. But India's Democratic Socialism was a failure at almost every level. It created more poverty, stunted modernization and progress, all the while other Asian powers with less resources became First World Economic powers.  …
Hueng-min Son became first Asian player to score 50 goals in the Premier League this weekend. He took his tally to 51 later in the match. NICE ONE SONNY! #THFC 
[ #JiminInfo] 8 K-Pop Idols Who Look Mysterious And Alluring With A Blindfold 1. @BTS_twt #JIMIN BTS Jimin is well known for his dance moves and when he had appeared with a crimson red blindfold during the 2016 “Mnet Asian Music Awards”, he had taken the breath away of ARMY 
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Park Jimin vs Wang Yibo 
In 1922, West Asian Greeks were forced to leave Turkey to live in the Greek European mainland Euro Greeks called them dirty, they lived in tents in slums, they had nothing so they did the only thing they could, make music Now all Greeks claim it (Stelios and Marinella 1960) 
smh dirty south: raised  integrated society enlightened north: country club allows membership for Asian physicians
"More than 200,000 black residents have left Chicago in the past two decades, driven out by segregation, gun violence and rising rents, among other factors. At the same time, white, Latino and Asian residents have flowed in."  …
“Tesla teardown finds electronics 6 years ahead of Toyota and VW”—Nikkei Asian Review “One stunned engineer from a major Japanese automaker examined  and declared, ‘We cannot do it’”  …
A Thai man who was violently assaulted & robbed by two British teenagers shouting “coronavirus” at him has warned that the spread of the disease has created “a climate of racism” in the UK. ‘They yelled Coronavirus’ – Asian attack victim speaks of fear  
It was a pleasure to meet H E Abdulla Al Saleh, Under Secretary of Foreign Trade and Industry, Ministry of Economy of the UAE and sign the Host Country Agreement for the 7th biennial UNCTAD World Investment Forum (WIF) and the Asian E-Commerce Week in December. 
#BizAsiaRatings Despite #FilfmareAwards2020 Star Plus was No.1 Asian TV broadcaster on Sunday with #MasterChefIndia & #DancePlus5 next #ndianIdol11 led Sony TV #EhdEWafa on Hum TV #FilmfareAwards2020 top on 
Dear @HumzaYousaf can I ask you why police charged 86 Asian men part of a organised grooming / rape gang,5 had no case to answer,4 were charged,and why 77 were released at least half had previous convictions for same or similar offences ??
90% of streets in rapidly growing Asian and African cities lack basic footpaths, forcing pedestrians and fast-moving vehicles into direct conflict Our Manifesto 2030 calls for viable footpaths on every urban street to protect vulnerable users Learn more:  
Find out more about Tantra in our curator’s blog post:  See more extraordinary Tantric material and find out about this fascinating South Asian philosophy in our #TantraExhibition, opening 23 April. Book tickets here:  
In reality, Russia's Far East is more ethnically Slavic Russian than Moscow. And the biggest Asian influence is Korean, not Chinese. Also, internal Chinese migration patterns skew to the south. They have no interest in a remote, frozen, Russian icebox to the north.
China’s ambitious #BeltandRoadInitiative in Central Asia has created more opportunities for India in the region. Central Asian countries themselves are looking towards new partners like India to balance China, points out @wani_ayjaz:  
"Where's all my latinos at tonight" bro pls led events are 90% Asian
This is definitely the weather for Bowlfood: #RecipeOfTheDay is Chowder with South East Asian Flavours  
Studies expected to show the UK will gain little from post-Brexit trade deals with the US and the big Asian economies are being suppressed by the government. The ERG don't care. They want a deregulated Tory tax haven no matter what the cost.  …
Extreme Asian Triad Metal with huh.. a livestreaming backpack on @twitch LOL. Yes or no? @DragonForce Photo by 
shows that the people actually watch. They won't gain fans in SK if they aren't on every gp watched show. We should all really focus on getting loon recognition in our own countries especially asian countries.
Hey @adamliaw - is there any chance you can convince an Asian condiment manufacturer to make oyster sauce in a squeezy bottle?
Time for an actual WIP thread. Screamed a lot about Asian Acceptance already in other tweets. Spoilers: nothing has changed. ....Okay, well, I've gotten better at Affinity Stuff, so that's something. 
i feel like asian twitter finally died after that one clout chaser wouldn’t stop dragging that story on bout that one slow and sensual dancing illenium jersey girl
European exports of goods to Asian countries - great chart by @nghrbi. Two things are certain in life: - Germany is most exposed to a trade shock - the magic estimate is 0.3% anyway ( 
Why on earth are we even building #GasLink? First Berkley, California banned natural gas hookups in new construction. Now cities across the USA are passing natural gas bans and pro-electric legislation. Asian countries will do the same to cut GHG's 
Asian elephants used in tourism suffer most extreme cruelty. So brutal are the beatings, half will die. The other half live a life of hell. Ask your MP to back STAE's call for new UK law to ban  profiteering from this abuse:  
Tesla teardown finds electronics 6 years ahead of Toyota and VW - Nikkei Asian Review  …
"For any historian of pre-colonial India, the idea that caste as we know it is an artefact of British colonialism is absurd. Its persistence has less to do with empirical merit, than with the peculiar dynamics of the global South Asian academy."  …
Narendra Modi rides high despite Delhi election loss - Nikkei Asian Review  …
India is supporting more than 60% of the global Asian elephant population. 30 elephant reserves have been identified by our states. India has also taken several initiatives and set standards for the conservation of Asian elephants: PM 
thread of asian muas I admire on insta ~ starting w whateveryousay1687 
an asian american writer whose books ive really enjoyed says he’s supporting bernie and im happyyy  …
kpoppies really hating on gerard like he didn’t revolutionize a genre and make world changing art... go back to fetishizing asian cultures and supporting an industry known to abuse minors ma’am
India would be happy to facilitate preparations of Action Plan for other countries in this regard. We're keen to take the conservation of migratory birds to a new paradigm with active cooperation of all the Central Asian flyway countries: PM @narendramodi
India is supporting more than 60% of the global Asian elephant population. 30 elephant reserves have been identified by our states. India has also taken several initiatives and set standards for the conservation of Asian elephants: PM @narendramodi
SMALL GAP Vote for #Taehyung for Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Note: ● Complete the Captcha challenge for your vote to be counted. ○ This is an unlimited poll. ● This poll will be closed on February 22, 2020 at 10:00pm HKG/TPE time.  
I can't remember the last time I've seen a US band endure a grueling Asian tour (flying one from city to another, day after day is hard AF), and still see their vocalist smile the biggest GENUINE smile with supporters and promoters at every stop. RESPECT @powertriptx @riley_c
President Trump’s Administration has achieved the following: 1. Lowest Black Unemployment Rate 2. Lowest Hispanic Unemployment Rate 3. Lowest Asian Unemployment Rate 4. Lowest Women Unemployment Rate 5. Lowest Unemployment Rate for the Disabled Keep the 
boomers after saying “I’m NOT racist... i don’t care if someone’s Asian, black, white, PURPLE, or even GREEN!!” 
Asian markets mixed as Japan’s economy skids, China cuts rates 
New collaborative research paper led by @Tim_Cutajar reveals the call of an Asian Horned #Frog species (Megophrys jingdongensis) for the first time! Read the blog and listen to the call here:  
when your asian friend invites you over for dinner 
Your move. @JoeBiden @PeteButtigieg @amyklobuchar Remember, over 2.5 million South Asian American voters are watching.  …
Two of our previous A.Ds, the powerhouses @nininsky & @magicalmudge, are offering up something truly important at @FactoryToronto. #LadySunrise is a resonant, beautifully written/acted/designed & directed bastion of female Asian talent and an indelible moment in Canadian theatre.
To our Chinese and Asian  - we stand with you and will not tolerate discrimination, racial profiling or any other forms of xenophobic acts and rhetorics.  …
An Asian man who likes MATH ..and Puerto Rico ..and women ..and ranked choice voting ..and ending poverty ..and democracy dollars ..and decriminalizing cannabis ..and gun safety
While the weather & air in Hong Kong improved, can't say the same about Asian economic data in Q4 '19 (if u think it's bad, wait until Q1 2020). Ready? Japan GDP FELL -6.3% qoq saar on well bad policy of VAT hike & contraction of biz spending. Yes, bad idea to tax consumption 
There are many things I'm looking forward to post-quarantine in California, but the wary looks & xenophobia are not included on that list: ‘Are You Sick?’ For Asian-Americans, a Sneeze Brings Suspicion 
California's first Asian-American sheriff, Paul Miyamoto, is well-aware of milestone set in San Francisco.  
Bro Asian dude at bottle blond said I can’t get in cause I didn’t have a belt, this nigga who had got kicked out said “here bro take my belt and get in” I know that door man was mad I got in
The coronavirus threatens to knock Japan into a full-blown recession as Chinese demand for tourism and exports slumps. Other Asian countries are worried, too. Remarkably, Xi Jinping is still calling for China to meet its growth target for this year.  …
Keep in mind that Nevada doesn't just have a high population of black and Hispanic voters. There's a sizable Asian voter population as well. Which could be crucial as Biden has the highest support among Asian Americans.
Similar to how ATLA took inspiration from Asian culture, I want to create a world that has  inspired by Indian culture as well X) Here are my Indian-inspired bbies so far: lotus + white peacock/snow leopard + saffron! I took inspo from Lehengas, a popular indian dress! 
Every once in awhile it hits me that I am watching a teen movie with an Asian American girl wearing beautiful dresses and having boys fall for her and it's really really emOTioNaL and I would have killed for this as a teen. #ToAlltheBoys2
10 Most Reliable N Consistently Outperforming Stocks Of The Decade: 1. HUL > FMCG 2. HDFC Bank > Pvt Banks 3. Abbott > MNC Pha 4. Atul > Chemicals 5. HDFC > H Fin 6. Titan > Jewellery 7. Honeywell > Ele Compo 8. Asian Paints > Paints 9. Pidilite > Adhesive 10. Bajaj Finan > NBFC 
I knocked on doors to canvass/GOTV for Bernie in Las Vegas this weekend! Some observations: *Most everyone we spoke to was black, brown, and/or Asian & supported Bernie *Many people DID NOT KNOW about the many early voting options this week as an easy alternative to caucusing!
Asian shares ease off three-week highs as virus fears return  
Now is not a time for racism. Don't let your FELLOW AMERICANS suffer - visit your favorite Asian restaurant in SOLIDARITY WITH ALL PEOPLE - hang w/your peeps #RegardlessOfRace - Asians are not at any higher risk of Coronavirus in the US than anyone else. #PeaceAndLove
Teapot, Small Teapot with rattan Handle, Asian Teapot, Vintage Kitchen Decor, Vintage Home Decor, Prop, Gift Idea,:)shc*  via @Etsy
Observers said concern over public health should not justify any anti-Asian racism. #COVID19 #coronavirus
First Asian American sheriff in California vows to protect immigrants from Trump policies  … via @USATODAY
Son Heung-min became the first Asian player in #PL history to reach 50 goals in  (51 in total) 
Japan - horrible, horrible, horrible GDP print. China banks on the brink per Bloomberg. Singapore revises sharply down on Coronavirus. Asian supply chain worries flooding in. Es_f green. Thesis intact.  …
I spent less than 1 hour with my family and they've already insulted: Black people Asian people Poor people Feminists The  Some of you have families who are not racists, xenophobics, classists and lgbtq+phobics??? No idea how I didn't end up like em, grateful
- made a latinx character a former drug dealer and cartel member -not only did they turn the asian main character into a featured extra, but they basically made her TECH SUPPORT - presented the STs as enslaved, brainwashed child soldiers, then didn’t free them  …
The genius Asian mechanic was created to sideline the black Male lead and remove him from any plot that could turn him into a Jedi... which I also why she never showed her skills, she just existed to get Finn away from the main plot and Rey. That’s it. And that is very gross.
Nicki has worked with Lil Kim, Foxy Brown, Trina, Cardi B, Fergie, Young Ma, Dej Loaf, Megan Thee Stallion, Diamond, Eve, Lady Leshurr, Ms Banks, and so many other females but people only see what they want to see. Asian Doll even said Nicki was  her for features.
nobody, not a single soul:...... asian twitter:  …
Today, I joined @RepJudyChu, @LAC4Immigrants & @lapublichealth to encourage the public to keep going to #SGV businesses owned by Asian Pacifc Islanders. Since the coronavirus outbreak, businesses in the SGV have seen a 60% drop in patronage & some had to layoff workers or close.  – at The San Gabriel Valley
No one: Asian Twitter:  …
This is where us brown kids hide our haram antics, God forbid asian parents find out about this then we are all screwed  …
on the top of this city , an asian woman walking through an unpleasant street just leaving a tedious meeting that no one seems to know about. Around the place soldiers holding their position being ready for her next move. Is that a farewell sign or the end of a quick battle? 
All the white supremacy in the world didn’t hold back Asian, biracial, multiracial and Polynesian Women from getting what they deserve in life. I’m tired of seeing Black Women piggybacking off of racism to justify their poor choices in life
as a bisexual part Asian army, I cannot express how much this means to me
Lara Jean is such a sweetie, also, It's good to see an asian woman as a love interest without making her race some stereotypical nonsense
People are the absolute worst. “An east Asian man who was violently assaulted and robbed by two teenagers shouting “coronavirus” at him has warned that the spread of the disease has created “a climate of racism” in the UK.”  …
He's such a great fan. Loved the reporter pointed out his last race attended was 20 years ago! Also love Melanie's eyes are still wide open, for two weeks now. Did she finally get a talented doctor or finally decide to drop her Asian-Slovenian bi-racial look?
Meet Ceddy, real name YOLANDA. A white woman who's been pretending to be an Asian with that thick Asian accent to fool his Twitch/Twitter friends. Shame on Yolanda for culturally appropriating what's not hers. 
Settled down to watch Endeaver. The writers have put their vivid imaginations to work at turning a reasonable detective series, set in the 70s, into a fairy story of sympathetic PC police , right-wing activists, and "Asian" victims. What a load of woke bu**it
East Asian privilege discourse is in full swing again. While it’s fun seeing everyone rediscover intersectionality, I’ll tangentially add that it wasn’t East Asians that killed 5 leftist Viet American journalists, indelibly scarring left-wing Asian American political expression.
Ima Florida Nigga But I’m Really A New York Nigga But I’m Really Asian But I Live In LA who am I
Fascinating article about potential Yang mayoral run that points out a few things (and the fact that it probably won't happen) - he has massive fundraising potential, especially in NYC system - name recognition is very good  - respect within Asian   …
There's people in their late 30s older than me who look 10+ years older. Bless black not cracking I suppose the tablespoon of Asian helps too . Do y'all also look way younger for your age?
First Asian American sheriff in California vows to protect immigrants from Trump policies  … via @usatoday
[REWIND] 2 year ago today February 16, 2018 According to Dispatch #JIN was selected as the "Most handsome Asian man" by a Plastic surgeon.  … #진 #석진 #SEOKJIN #방탄소년단진 #방탄진 #BTS 
Though there are only a few known cases in the U.S., the coronavirus outbreak has left some Asian-Americans feeling an unsettling level of public scrutiny 
Being Asian means having neither white privilege nor being able to play the race card. What I loved most about #YangGang is nobody gave a shit that Andrew was Asian. We supported the platform and the policies. It was the most wholesome American experience I’ve ever had.  …
Rewatched Parasite and: • Cinemas packed for an Asian film seven months after release is a beautiful thing. • Kang-Ho Song & Lee Jeong-eun both deserved Oscar noms, Best Pictures don’t act themselves. • RICH DADDY CAN GET IT; 100% deserved his fate; both things can be true.
older gen asian families be so hard to please if ur not a nurse or dentist
oh to be my asian ass families disappointment as I live life off a creative career, painting in my room full of anime trash figures and posters, getting a new piercing on my body + face every couple months, with no plans of getting married or having kids. livin my best life
I’ve always hated identity politics, but had to finally admit and see that it played a role in #YangMediaBlackout and our having to fight and claw for every inch of exposure. The erasure of Asian Americans is a reality I didn’t want to face but I’m grateful it has been exposed.
Hey Asian American #YangGang, can you share the most significant thing about your experience of being involved in the Yang campaign below? I'll try to summarize it in this show, happening later  …
They think this no longer involves #YangGang. But my calls to swing the Black vote to Yang are just as valid and timely now as they were in December. Only now it's about swinging the Black vote (and the Asian and LatinX vote) to UBI. We can still call the shot in this election.  …
Good afternoon to black latino and asian gays only everyone else shut up
Planning another big Crazy Talented Asians show this year... pls send me all the suggestions of all talents and of all Asian/Pacific backgrounds PLZ there is so much diversity and talent within the  we need to celebrate them!!
It was a beautiful moment to be w/the President of @NationalNurses, Zenei Cortez, especially when she spoke in Tagalog. Nothing is more beautiful than hearing an Asian language & how Bernie is fighting for nurses & Filipinos #NotMeUs #NursesForBernie #canvasslaunch 
