An atheist friend once said to me that Asian immigrants only  Christian in the West because they get lonely and church is a place to go. I thought, what a strange way to try and indict a religion—by saying it creates a home where lost people feel  and beloved.
Asian Openbill not a particularly attractive stork in my opinion. I snapped this yesterday as there aren't many about at the moment. On close inspection I noticed the radius/ulna(?) are visible under each wing. Is this normal in Storks? 
Christina Aguilera is really the first Asian, latina, black woman ever and I respect that
Are you even asian if you don’t call yogurt dahi?
MISSING: Nandanie, 17 - Last seen Mar 5, 4:30 pm, Jane St + Finch Av W - Woman, South Asian, 5'2, 150, medium build -  brown eyes, long straight brown hair - Black jacket, black pants, grey top - There is no picture available #GO475257 ^dh
I’ll neverrrrr hate another female over a man yanno cus we all know juuuust how they go
just fucked an asian bitch using hand sanitiser as lube, I ain’t taking any risks today
Meanwhile the mother of this child hasn’t ordered Chinese food in weeks and won’t get on the same elevator as an Asian person  …
Being afraid to let an Asian  to your kid’s birthday party, avoiding Chinatown or other  blaming it on “what Asian people eat,” not letting Asian employees work the booth at festivals for fear sales will drop—and countless other gut-wrenching scenarios  …
The literal only upside to coronavirus is that as an asian woman, you can finally walk freely as the racist dudes with yellow fever will now subscribe to the same asian sick man stereotypes and stay the fk away
Just heard two people talking about boba but they kept calling it tea balls No, they weren’t Asian
Man I really picked the wrong week to be a hypchondriac Asian American in NYC with a cold  obsessive research interests and insomnia
And now this: citing the @NPRCodeSwitch #coronavirus & #xenophobia episode, Brookline (MA) Asian American Family Network launched a campaign to help Asian businesses impacted by virus stigma.   …
Whenever I see people using the Coronavirus to justify their racism toward Asian people, it reminds me of when I was a kid and White kids were saying Black people carried AIDS because Africans had sex with monkeys and brought it to America. My little self-esteem was crushed.
JUST IN: N.Y. Subway Rider Sprays Asian Man With Febreze in Possible Hate Crime. The  has seen an uptick in racist incidents since the outbreak of the #Coronavirus, which began in China. "I don't want him under me!...Tell him to  …
I love the idea that using Comet in bathrooms is seen as uniquely Asian. Or that any group of people before Coronavirus was regularly hitting buttons with elbows.
nah it's because there's a big East Asian presence and people's grandmothers (or their co-worker's grandmothers) were trapped in their house in Guangdong or worrying about masks in Hong Kong  …
And he has an Asian wife. She cooking with seasoning and giving him all the anti-aging secrets lol
"In New Zealand, Pākehā women earn between $3 and $6 more per hour than Māori, Pasifika and Asian women. For as long as 'more women on corporate boards' is the only solution we talk about, the gap will persist."  …
100 Asian Heartthrobs — 2020 Battle Round Vote for Jimin  …] Vote for Jin  …] Vote for Jungkook  …] #BoywithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
#NotAgainSU stands firmly against anti-Asian racism and xenophobia that has been particularly targeting Chinese national and international students. 
If you are interested in leading a workshop to support the well-being of young South Asian & Tamil womxn, apply today! Conference is on May 30, 2020 and will be in Markham. Link to apply to be a facilitator  
Was leaving hospital the other day and got an Asian Lyft driver. He said a lot of people had been cancelling on him as their driver smh.  …
@MayorBowser @_DCHealth my barber made a  about an Asian woman wearing a mask on the @wmata. Pls remind 1. wearing a mask =/= sick & 2. The virus is not an Asian illness. We need to embrace our Asian neighbors & reassure them that they are safe here.
It was this Asian man at Walmart and my mom was having a conversation with him. He thanked her so many times for not being rude to him. People are being rude for no reason
Big thanks to @Bassmaster  to Alabama for its 50th #BassmasterClassic! It was great to get out on Lake Guntersville today to see some of the action and talk w/ Wade White about how we can protect our lakes from the spread of invasive Asian Carp. 
Hahaha, the ‘red herring’ on the table is gone. Yes, Hinduphobia is out now- media, politics, so called South Asian organizations, Wikipedia too many to name ...  …
Really wish the damn media would stop portraying the coronavirus as an Asian thing. 1) It’s mostly white people who are infected in America for one thing. 2) We’re all going to get it sooner or later. Are you eliminating Asian food from your diet forever?
EVERYONE WASH YOUR HANDS, SIT DOWN, AND STOP BEING RACIST TO ASIAN PEOPLE GODDAMN IT
For organisers of #IWD events, please think about the #diversity of women you select. For every female who was inspired seeing @JuliaGillard  our first female PM, some of us were equally proud of seeing @SenatorWong as the 1st Asian woman in cabinet. Diversity matters
asian boys after they slide their crush’s dms with ‘Eid Mubarak’ 
Call her, @nobu_sakakibara. Can't go wrong with a 3x Olympic gold medalist! Nevermind all those World Championship and Asian Game gold medals. 1x ratings grab or not. Do it.  
3rd Act Payoff: George puts on a mask quickly but when he looks up there is a large Asian family and it looks like he put it on after seeing them. Embarrassed, he then chases them yelling "It's for Corona Cough" but runs past people he had previously screamed the opposite, mortir
Maybe they didn't see the first car. Maybe those women weren't glaring but just have intense angry bitch faces. Maybe I'm just being paranoid. At any other time I'd wonder if I smelled or something. But this feels different. I can't help but think they avoided me bc I'm Asian.
At Dulles I head to the train that connects the terminal to the gates. Two older women glare at me. I don't know why. I haven't coughed. They keep glaring. I wonder if I have boogers on my face. There's like 20ish people waiting. I think I'm the only Asian on the platform.
Saw an article about how a lot of #Asian owned businesses are taking a hit due to #COVID19 related racism. It was for my particular city but I don't doubt it's happening everywhere I say those of us who know better up our patronage to help them out & show solidarity
It was only a matter of time until someone yelled that I was spreading disease when I was merely walking down the street. But I admit I did not expect this to happen in...Chinatown. In such an environment, how does one choose which Asian person to insult?
A good friend of mine got shoved by strangers, yelled at, kicked out of public transportations because she is Asian. She did not want to disclose the specific location but it happened near Toronto, Canada. #racism  …
The Brookline Asian American Family Network is encouraging people to visit to the great Asian restaurants in town  the negative economic impacts of Coronavirus. Find a restaurant on the list near you. #mapoli #ma04  
a small win but a win to me nonetheless: darker/tan east asian characters 
Support Asian restaurants in Pittsburgh that are seeing a decline in their businesses due to racist coronavirus fears. Szechuan Express, Ginza, Pho Minh, Thai Gourmet, Taiwanese Bistro Cafe 33, Soju, Nak Won Garden, Ban Mi & Ti, Everyday Noodles are just a few of my favorites!  …
This is heartbreaking. Please read this. Please don’t give into xenophobic anti-Chinese/ anti-Asian / anti-Asian American racism. Please don’t let this public health issue dehumanize people in   …
#GingerPlantOfTheWeek is Alpinia zerumbet — the typical representative of the Asian  known as SHELL GINGERS. It is now flowering in the Tropical Lowlands glasshouse with public access @TheBotanics in Edinburgh   – at Royal Botanic Garden
G2 the worst #1 team EU has ever produced lol Like do they really think that cheese shit where dumb luck is more important than skill will work against the asian teams? Shall we rewatch 2019 and see how they got stomped in the end? That makes me sick to watch lol
Her Asian genes poppin  …
Asian Spunk Face 
The show, that let go of two of its lead Asian actors because they wanted pay parity with the White actors?  …
If you're a news outlet using a photo of Chinatown, Flushing, or just any, unrelated Asian in your coronavirus articles, you're perpetuating racism. Cut it out & start working with us  this misconception causing real harm in   …
Incredible lunch at Golden Palace in Brooklyn today! It's been an unnecessarily tough time for the  and small business owners in particular. Let's be sure to have their backs 
Remembering the less spoken women achievers of India: - Anna Chandy: First Indian High Court Judge (1959) - Kamaljit Sandhu: First to win a Gold in Asian Games (1970) - Bachendri Pal: Climbed Mt. Everest (1984) - Justice M.Fathima Beevi: First Woman SC Judge (1989) #WomensDay
yesterday i decided to take an uber to class..me & my driver made small talk, after we reached my school, my uber driver said thank you for not canceling my ride when i saw he was asian. hes been struggling to get rides due to coronavirus panic. i was devastated cause are yall fr
its okay to be white its okay to be black its okay to be hispanic its okay to be asian its okay to be a woman its okay to be a man its okay to be gay its okay to be straight its okay to be yourself but it is never ok to steal tweets
Amnesty annual report2019 is incredible in context to HR violations in Pakistan. Balochistan is facing worst human rights violations & neglecting it prejudice the report. @amnesty should seriously reconsider its appointees &researcher of South Asian desk.  …
When you look at what has happened to #TommyRobinson daughter being molested by an Asian Man. Is it a bit of wonder why we dont want Muslim or Pakistanis in this country anymore. We have petitions going around so we can see the full scale of Grooming Gangs. #TommyRobinson Hero
Birds of Prey has broken a profit without the majority of the Asian market thanks to the Coronavirus. Anyone saying this film is a failure or box office flop no longer has a leg to stand on. 
i feel so bad for the stigma around this disease and how asian people get treated for it  …
Clark Kent but make it Asian. 
So as the disease slowly fades out of the Asian population and sharply amplifies among Europeans, do we think we’ll see a flip toward caucasians being shunned as potential plague sources? Sociologically curious here, not snarking.  …
Buuut, just because I can't talk doesn't mean I can't control everything you do. I want you wallet, your savings & your entire bank account . $end to be controlled by your Asian Goddess. { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme } 
BBC Breaking Sorry, but @BBCNews haven't got time to mention the petition demanding the UK government release the "Asian" "Grooming" gang review in full. And neither have @itvnews or @SkyNews or @Channel4News or ... you get the  …
Y’all I’m pissed as shit. I’m in the check out line. The cashier is an Asian American woman. No one is behind me and White people are being directed to her line, see her and keep going. She made  to me that it’s been happening to her all day!!! I’m so angry!!!
Just a reminder that if this Sangh affiliate is the South Asian outreach person for @JoeBiden that's unacceptable for a supposedly liberal party. (Note, Obama's first major S Asian appointment also had links to the RSS.) 
hmm weird that people aren’t avoiding italian-owned businesses or italian food. weird? but people are avoiding asian owned businesses? it’s almost like. people just. like to be racist! wow!
You may have it in your spice rack or enjoy it in South Asian meals. But can #turmeric, an ancient golden-yellow spice, be good for you? These FAQs can answer some of your questions about turmeric's health benefits.  
Italy seems to a constant point of infection. China ( as we know) is already seeing a tick down. Vietnam is the worlds model but most of the news stories are showing Asian people. Why isn’t this being animated with shots of Venice?
Three gun store owners--one in California, two in Washington state--told @teamtrace they had seen an increase in the number of Asian American customers buying guns in the past weeks, and citing fears that they might be violently targeted over coronavirus:  …
VOTING FOR TEN EVENT: Starmometer's 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Round 3 VOTING: unlimited TIME REMAINING: 6 days 12h DEADLINE: March 14, 3pm CST LINK:  …
Can we take a hot minute to talk about Matthew? He grew up in La as one of the few asian kids in his area, and because of that dealt with slurs and discrimination most his youth. He was in college to  a phychiatrist for troubled youth when his mom signed him up +
SIX has the following: girl groups, empowerment ballads, Tudor history, a 4’11” Asian queen, VOCALS. Finally someone took some of my favorite things and put them in a musical. I feel so seen.
Boxing: Mary Kom enters quarter finals of Asian Olympic qualifiers, being held in Jordan. @MangteC Will face Magno Irish in the quarters on 09th March #Tokyo2020. 
the asian line will take over the world, so you don’t need them. 
Ten is nominated in level 3 battle rounds for 100 Asian Heartthrobs, let's do our best  …
Made an Asian inspired pork stir fry. Simply Asia for who?? 
Mary Kom advances to quarter-finals of Asian Olympic Qualifiers Read @ANI Story |  
Being Asian and coughing at an airport is not a good look for me right now
If your Asian friends are telling you about their stories of recent racism and xenophobia don’t respond with  to the club” or “I’ve also (as a non Asian) been getting weird looks.” It’s hurtful  off like our problems with racism aren’t valid.
PSA: Please support local asian businesses. Shops are putting up signs reassuring patrons they don’t have coronavirus, a Viet art curator was banned from a fair she curated in London because her presence would “create hesitation”, my mums nail salon has seen a debilitating drop
It will not be in the Asian press but Ki Sung Yueng and Take Kubo giving each other a good hug at the end of today's Mallorca game.  …
My name is Pam, too. I'm a 41 year old Asian American woman who is economically part of the 99 percent. I'm fighting for healthcare, education, human rights, and the future of our planet. I stand with #NotMeUs. Does that make me one of the #BernieBrothers? @PamDubier  …
#coronvirusuk A friend just went to 4 asian countries. He's back now and self isolating.  "In every country we passed through we were strictly monitored at the border for contagion. Including IR fever technology. Except one. The UK. Checks  lacking."
WTH is going on in these cities? The other day, a video of an Asian man being verbally abused on a subway, now this.  …
The article in which Li claims she worked for Biden, and in which Li claims she was fired by Biden. Also note that her claim is that she "helped lead" Biden's Asian-American outreach, not that she was coordinator.  …
i'm sorry but asian american ivy leaguers do NOT deserve rights  …
REHEARSALS are finished! Tune into @olympicchannel tomorrow at 9:45CET For the Boxing Asian/ Oceania qualifiers ! Tune in! So excited to be apart of the Road to Tokyo 2020 
Mary Kom, Amit Panghal enter quarterfinals of Asian Olympic boxing qualifiers, Gaurav Solanki bows out. #MaryKom #BFI
Coronavirus panic sparks rise in racist incidents against Asian Americans  
The Biden campaign fired Li, who was working as Asian American outreach coordinator, two weeks ago.  …
Liverpool’s first Black MP and St Helens’ first Asian female Councillor Celebrating #InternationalWomensDay2020 at Liverpool City Region’s Women First event 
This tweet is getting some traction out of Left Asian twitter, so I should clarify: this didn't happen to me. I'm talking about a viral video going around of two Asian people being kicked on the ground by a group of ppl, that ppl thought was appropriate to 1.) record & 2.) share
Karate player Syeda Falak: I started playing Karate at age of 13. I won international medal within 6 months of starting training. Today, I'm winner of 20 national&22 international championships &first from #Telangana to qualify for World&Asian Karate Championships. 
I'm glad western countries are finally catching up with the concept of stockpiling (tip: there's always room at the top of wardrobes, as a person who grew up in an Asian family will tell you) - but seriously, what's with the loo rolls? Start with chickpeas like a normal person.
I just saw a story about Starbucks making some kind of change due to concerns of the coronavirus and they just chose a pic of 3 Asian ppl walking by with face masks. I...how in the world was that even related? This is like ‘yellow peril’ all over again
The tweet is referring to a viral video going around of two Asian people getting kicked on the ground by a group of people. It's one of many of Asian people getting harassed or assaulted because of escalating xenophobia caused by the Coronavirus epidemic.
UNBELIEVEABLE! 8:00 AM - Went to box for a paper, (Markham area) there are none. No problem, goto nearby Shoppers. The huge parking lot is FULL! WHY? Members of our Asian Community, so desperate to save a 5¢, scooping everything in site, some in PYJAMAS! Scotty! Beam Me Up!
"Tatar vanguard of Ottoman Army", by Polish painter Józef Ryszkiewicz. Asian Camels domesticated by Turkic peoples had two humps on their back and tended to be woolly. Their endurance enabled them to cope with the harsh climate of the steppes: High altitudes and the cold. 
as i grow older the idea of movin to a distant scandinavian country and takin residence at the outskirts of a small village as the village witch sounds very appealing ngl. my brand of south-east asian/tropical magic virtually useless in the tundra, but dressed for the part 
Kamala Harris: won't4 me bc they're racist Julian Castro: won't4 me bc I'm Latino Andrew Yang: won't4 me bc I'm Asian Mayor Pete: won't4 me bc I'm Gay Elizabeth Warren: won't4 me bc I'm a Woman Who want's to tell them it's Dem Voters making these choices?
I think some other African countries should follow suit, the europeans and asian are actually the ones spreading the virus.
Just remarkable, and a snapshot of where we are. A speechwriter for George W Bush, and one of the people behind the ‘axis of evil’ speeches talks about care and respect because of a...podcast. West Asian lives must matter so little to this guy I can’t even fathom it.  …
Yes! I’d love to be the first ever Asian Doctor  …
Support your local Asian grocery stores/shops while there is a lot of racism going on surrounding Corona. I went to get my favourite noodles and the man told me I was the only white person  in weeks. Come on people.
asian gorls . that’s the tweet
A desire to insert an Asian American character into a white-dominated genre. Make the character half-white half-Asian. Kill off the Asian parent. Haven't we seen this formula before?  
tea without milk is terrible being in any arab setting when they try to give you tea that isn't beige & catching the eye of another south asian like 
GUYS HURRY UP AND VOTE Jin is nominated in 100 asian heartthrob 2020 and he's LOSING!! please go vote now, it's UNLIMITED , before the gap increases!!  
How Asian dudes ask for nudes 
this is the same yt people who will refuse to sit next to an asian on public transportation  …
Um. Can we please NOT just use a photo of a random Asian woman in a face mask to illustrate this story? She’s not the presumptive case in Calgary.  …
More 60,000 UK residents have signed the petition since Friday. If you haven't and believe it is wrong for the UK government to cover up "Asian" "Grooming" gangs the you can sign here. When signatures reach 100,000 MP's will have to debate it.  …
I don’t condone beating up Asian people because of this coronavirus nonsense. But I’m not throwing the cape on because they’re now facing discrimination and abuse either. 
The coronavirus hysteria is telling cause other than the fact people are using it as an excuse to be racist to Asian people, it also shows that y’all never really cared about personal hygiene or CLEANING until now huh?
133 run out 121 not out #OnThisDay in 1999, Wajahatullah Wasti joined the club of Pakistanis to score centuries in each innings. Former test opener achieved this feat against Sri Lanka at Lahore in the Asian Test Championship match. 
Ur asian cher charot 
yes this is the “Crazy Rich Asian” vibe we talkin about 
Please listen to this by Tommy Robinson. It is outrageous. Dont let your pre-conceived, media influenced, opinion of this man stand in the way of this sexual assault by an 'asian' man on a little girl influence you until you hear it. Justice must be done  …
Asian gamers are on another level  
Do you remember a few years ago ESPN removed one of their own broadcasters from a college football game in Virginia. Why? His name was Robert Lee. He's Asian. Doesn't that just sum up what the left has 
GUYS HURRY UP AND VOTE Jin is nominated in 100 asian heartthrob 2020 and he's LOSING!! please go vote now, it's unlimited, before the gap increases 
Being an Asian woman who loves martial arts and 'boyish' sports, has been difficult. I didn't love my body when I was younger and wasn't confident in participating in the sports I wanted. I'm glad that @DrLynchPE is changing this narrative for students! #IWD2020 
It’s HYON time fam Helpa me! Helpa me! *Tariq voice* The Chinese restaurants are empty! “Where are all the niggahs!!” “I don’t have money to pay rent” “Business is as low as 90%” ”We’re worried abt the rise of anti-Asian racism!” Full unedited vid in reply 
So much for what we were all told last year about us being the Blitz spirit types, all in it together and no deal being good for us. So far, panic buying, racist attacks, disinviting Asian artists from fairs and stealing sanitiser from hospitals....
It’s racist to tell a black woman she doesn’t “have standing“ to quote MLK. It’s racist to ‘apologize’ to a Black woman by calling her an ‘angry Black woman.’ Black people don’t need an Asian American who used to be a spokesperson for Breitbart to tell them what’s racist.  …
i fucking hate asian family dynamics and how we always sweep issues under the rug. this is how u develop deep traumas because u never got to acknowledge them so now they’re buried in u, forever influencing your actions
Thinking about the sociology of #coronavirus this morning (how it’s linked to inequality, race, mobility etc): 1. The racist search for Asian spreaders in Europe in the first weeks - when actually the virus was spread by the privileged global class (European managers who travel)
[ENG] 200227 The 34th Japan Gold Disc Awards - BTS Wins Best Asian Artist © bts-trans / bangtansubs | @BTS_twt  
Y'all need to stop ! Just coz it was originated from Asia doesn't mean every Asian is infected or only Asians can be infected. Stop using it as an excuse to feed yalls rac¡st & Xenoph0bic mindset. Thank you.
Red by Asian Model 
If you can headcanon a character as Asian, black, trans, gay, straight, pan, whatever, even write fanfiction about them to enjoyable dumb degrees. I'm pretty sure you can headcanon them as fucking 18+
Got a taxi this morning and the taxi driver drove past an Asian man and went “he wouldn’t be getting in my car with eyes like that... with this coronavirus going round” I tackled him on it but @deltataxis ? Do you have a racism/discrimination policy?
#BMJResearch finds no association between egg consumption and risk of cardiovascular disease in three large US cohorts. Although moderate egg consumption was associated with a slightly lower CVD risk in Asian populations  … @JP_Drouin_C et al
i made a joke abt corona virus and aids..... and i'm asian and trans..... which one doesn't involve me, quickly. 
[ #JiminVote] |200307| Vote for #JIMIN on the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020: Battle Round Go to:  … Choose "Jimin" & click on VOTE Confirm captcha & confirm VOTE Voting is unlimited and ends on 14th March
UK schools should just teach honest history. If they do that, then by default Black, South Asian and all the ethnicities the UK colonised, enslaved; brutalised histories will be told.  …
Malaysia has the highest ratio of women on boards - 26.4% - of any Asian country. Malaysia also has the highest percentage of women - 33% - in senior management  with a global average of 29%. So what has Malaysia done right? 
The great toilet paper shortage of 2020 is a good opportunity for westerners to reconsider how much they really need it. Time to start adopting the far more hygienic methods found in Arab and south Asian societies
The racism African and Asian ethnicities exhibit towards each other will forever have me confused. As people of flavours and culture, we should be dragging the raisin-potato salad food group together, reminiscing over strict parent PTSD and driving innovation as is our nature
Scoop : What is in your bag ? Item ที่ #PerthTanapon ต้องพกติดตัวตลอด? #KDPPE Youtube : Hello Asian All Asian Entertainment Channel  
The gang were feared by Asian and white alike. They were punished and sent to jail for murder. like any gang you think you are invincible and you rule by fear and cruelty The point is that the police shut down an operation to disrupt these gangs.  …
Vote for JIMIN in Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round-Level 3  … Open the link&click on ‘Jimin’ Complete CAPTCHA challenge This is UNLIMITED poll so you can vote continuously by refreshing browser. Plz help him win to advance to Final 
These people are increasing the risk to their own lives because the idea that Asian people might actually  and strong scares them more than a major health outbreak
Top 10 @AllenKessler most likely to invite to his house. 1. Asian female #1 2. Asian female #2 3. Asian female #3 4. Asian female #4 5. Asian female #5 6. Asian female #6 7. Asian female #7 8. Asian female #8 9. Asian female #9 10. Host  free everything
Every asian girl has called herself hagrid at least once when they haven’t done their hair
If white, you are arrested so police do not look rascist If asian, or black, you are let go (Paedo who assaulted TR's daughter) so police do not look racist @10DowningStreet @patel4witham If government did more to tackle the bleedin obvious No more  …
He is suggesting that because @patel4witham is asian and her parents were migrants, she is somehow obliged to support open borders and mass immigration. Insulting, regressive and frankly racist to say that your heritage should define your opinions.  …
next development: Asian countries will block flights from the US, where a degenerate and secretive regime has bungled its response to the virus  …
Hi army I need your help please vote for Kim seokjin on 100 Asian heartthrob the gap is just 1 percent fighting army! #KCA #VoteBTS @BTS_twt  …
Other members for the Asian Heartthrob are at a very safe spot. They are killing it, that’s why we‘re posting Jin for now. @BTS_twt #BTS 
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Ten vs Jimin 
ARMY, Just a couple hundreds!!! Vote Jin as Asian heartthrob @BTS_twt #BTS #BTSARMY #SEOKJIN #JIN  
No a lot of people give a shit but I have to say it. Stop using the Coronavirus as an excuse to hate Asian Americans, especially Asian kids!  …
If some hjönqi-ass khrahquer messes with you for being asian in public in this coronavirus climate, i  that you start reciting the navy seal copypasta 
Singaporean Chinese  when western people mistake them for people for the PRC but insist on calling all south Asian people Indians and use Malay and Muslim interchangeably.
The stigma around coronavirus is hurting Asian people I have read stories of Asians getting fired, stared at, judged, thrown out/refused services at hotels & beaten cause they associate #COVID19 to Asians Please for the love of everything sacred, don't let prejudice do that
The burgeoning Black-Asian conflict narrative restricts the terms of the convo to just what can be adjudicated from a few minutes of video. Very convenient for the power structure, as this casts Asians as in particular need of protection from Black people rather than imperialism
This Asian Crispy Sesame Chicken is a delicious homemade alternative to that naughty takeaway!  … #sesamechicken #betterthantakeout #fakeaway #Asianchicken
If you have a problem with Asian people because of the Coronavirus, please unfollow me.
Framing this as an issue of Black v Asian violence based on a few cherrypicked viral videos misses the point. The racialization of the disease provides opportunities for new markets, advances in securitization  with China for international trade. That’s the source.
Vote for #JIN in the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 (Semi-Finals) :  … #Seokjin #Jin ( #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
Sometimes people think I'm Latinx because my features are mostly my Korean & Italian heritage & the mix can look like that. Someone I met tonight thought that & we talked about COVIDー19. "Just imagine if you were Asian. The backlash!" I didn't have the energy to tell him I am
hi! reminder that corona virus does not give you permission to make asian people feel  you’re not funny! just racist! and ugly
Look at this piece of shit waving his stinky feet at an asian woman’s face 
They posted this and IMMEDIATELY BLOCKED ME! White fragility can't handle the WHO consulting with a socialist developing asian nation because it handles health crises impeccably and has developed vaccines and test kits and shared them freely with the world many times, I see 
white people let their kids do this but are scared of asian people sneezing because they’re xenophobic.... hmm  …
I appreciate liberal white NZers' concern about anti-Asian racism at this time. But also, Asians: stop fucking panicking and call up to get takeout from your ethnic restaurants that **you** have abandoned FFS, Sim's Kitchen in Roskill needs your help. Best prawn mee in AKL IMHO.
I won’t hold my breath for anything resembling assistance for the folks who are really hurting, casual Asian restaurants of all ethnicities, many of which here in NY are barely making rent.  …
ASIAN GIRLS ARE PRETTY I DONT FUCKIN CARE ABOUT NO CORONA VIRUS. GET OVER HERE LING LING
i am asian
ok but that literally doesn't mean every asian has coronavirus and to assume that all asians are "carriers" is in fact, extremely racist
As coronavirus spreads, so does xenophobia and anti-Asian racism 
Early in the Covid wave, we had US think tanks criticizing Southeast Asian govts’ management of the outbreak. US management so far has been... inadequate given the level of economic development.
Man Caught On Video Spraying Febreze At Asian Man In Possible Coronavirus Related Hate Crime  …
Why a picture of only asian ppl?
#FlexKoLangSiALDEN and his international recognition. 2018 - New York Festivals, Silver Medal for Best Docudrama 2019 - Asian Star Prize at the Seoul Drama Awards @aldenrichards02 #RoadTo10WithALDEN 
The boy says other students who are not Asian and coughed in class were not sent to the nurse, and says his teacher remained silent when he asked him if he was sent out because he's Asian 
My Asian brother 
The Wife teaches at a large university with a large Asian population. Her Asian students--mostly Americans-- are already experiencing discrimination. Americans are nothing if not consistent in their simmering, knee-jerk racism. #coronavirus #COVID19
These news accounts using pictures of random Asian folks in their coronavirus-related news tweets are VERY telling.
bitch ............. i get he likes his shoes but shoes ??? inside an asian household ??? 
I love when other races genuinely fuck with each other. That shit is beautiful to me. Like when you see two best friends and one Asian and one black, that shit tight!
" 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Jungkook vs Taeyong " The voting distance is very low. If you do not focus on voting, he will lose this vote  … #Jungkook #JeonJungKook #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク
accuse me of havin the coronavirus jus bc i’m asian i’m spitting on u
Great to visit #Hurstville with @AlboMP @LindaBurneyMP @jennymcallister to support local businesses doing it tough. These are not Chinese or Asian businesses. They are Aussie businesses.  …
Looking at how many Indians abroad are acting like twats defaming India I can now understand why many Asian countries had draconian laws to make their people behave when overseas. End of day their actions only end-up harming the well-being of the people still living in India
Craving for Asian, Japanese and Italian food all at the same time. Ughhh
Just putting this out there, but if you see me and my Asian friend getting assaulted and then kicked repeatedly while on the ground by a group of ppl, feel free to quit recording on your phone and intervene. Much rather you do that than upload it on here for 100k likes.
Did you know? The Republican Party was founded as the anti-slavery party. The first black senator and black congressman were Republicans. So was every black lawmaker in the House until 1935. The first congresswoman, Hispanic senator, and Asian senator were also Republicans.
Pro Tip : If your Asian parent  you with other kids,  them with other parents
As COVID-19 spreads to an increasing number of locations in North America, there has been a marked increase in the past several weeks of verbal and physical assaults on people targeted for appearing "Asian." Read what happens when a disease is racialized:  …
Leave our asian woman, trans man, tree alone
asian girls are so fine and then.. BOOM they take their lashes off >< 
‘People treat you differently in public now and that sucks’ — Asian American producer @davechensky shared 4 tips for addressing racism in the wake of the global coronavirus outbreak 
is this the panic where people stopped drinking corona beer or the panic where an asian guy got attacked with windowcleaner  …
Hey @StarTribune @StarTribunePR by using an image of an Asian guy on your lead story about #coronavirus, you’re feeding the racist flames that make people scared to be on an elevator with 
MUST COVER STOMACH WHEN SLEEPING NO MATTER HOW HOT THE WEATHER, SAYS THE 800YO ASIAN GRANDPA 
There are a lot of Asian Americans on here who leverage their identities as POC without grappling with our relative privilege within a system that is not only built on white supremacy but is also distinctly anti-black. Okay, logging out gotta wash my ass.
Congrats and please say something about the mounting violence and racism towards Asian Americans in the midst of the Coronavirus spead.  …
In loving our neighbors, let's also be mindful of the many among us whose  depends on traveling/speaking etc. as events are canceled. As well as many in the Asian  Chinese people specifically, whose businesses have been impacted by racist fear mongering.  …
Never been more proud to be Asian, to be Chinese American! I won't feed racist ignorance & xenophobia by letting them make me feel lesser. The harmful mindset leading to mounting violent attacks & harassment on Asian elderly, even kids, is another disease we should quarantine.
#MarvelADay #ST117 Don’t let anyone tell you otherwise—Ditko absolutely intended Dr. Strange to be Marvel’s first Asian super hero. (LCJS) 
Asian twitter I beg you don’t even think about it..  …
Over a decade @WuDeRpg studied Asien Philosophy, lived in China and brought this knowledge along with the collaboration of Chinese friends to help understand the culture behind each of their creations. If you are looking for Asian fantasy this is it! 
So now that we have our first presumptive coronavirus case here in MN, I’m just bracing myself for the anti-Asian racism and I’m not ready
Your reliably racist press are always gonna push an Asian face  …
15th Osaka Asian Film Festival March 6th – 15th (2020) Today you can't miss "Babae at Baril" by Rae Red at Cine Libre Umeda 4 | 14:40 pm - More info:  … @oaffpress #Osaka #Japan 
seems like a good time for this reminder - anti-Asian racism is real racism, not some lesser subfield of racism but actual, genuine racism.
I have been seeing so much racist fuelled violence against Asian people in western countries. I am  quite apprehensive and borderline scared to be travelling as a visibly Asian person right now. COVID-19 is a virus. Not an ethnicity. Allies it’s your time to stand up.
Today, Mayor @billpeduto joined a host of local leaders for lunch at Night Market Gourmet in Oakland. Asian restaurants are seeing a 20-40% drop due to virus fears. Though @CityPGH is preparing, there is no reason to fear the cultural institutions that make #Pitsburgh  – at Night Market Gourmet
Been telling Asian folks for how many years now to understand what hypervisibility is and why thirsting after the "attention" Black folks get is anti-Black and also just dangerous, these pandemic-related attacks on Asian people are an illustration
Sri Lanka's Shashikala Siriwardene retired after a 17-year career, with a match award-winning performance. Plus she's a wonderful, polite person, who's an excellent example for Asian women holding on to ambition post marriage. ( @Shirsh9 )  …
Asian Twitter is weird that’s the tweet
Asian-American middle school student alleges discrimination due to race amid #coronavirus 
I support my Asian brothers and sisters! Don’t fuck with my Asian friends  members in front of me! My catch these hands! Be fucking kind! We’re all going through this together!!!
Once the Coronavirus dies out, we’ll go back to how old Asian ladies go from the far left lane to the far right lane without using their signal.
Look LOOK Ok, y'all got all weird about Asian people but they ain't the damn problem in the US, ok?? The couple that HAD to sneak and go to the beach The guy that HAD to go to the conference WHY YEW DO DIS TO US WYPIPO
These performers are  to call out the spike in anti-Asian racism that has emerged amid the coronavirus outbreak 
I had to sneeze today, but i held it in due to the coronavirus panic. The fact that I’m asian and in line with worried citizens. These are the looks i would’ve gotten.
Is no one gonna mention how Nigahiga's 'style' was Asian? LMAO
"youths" were responsible for beating the crap outta this Asian guy for reacting to their  Gotta love the media's codewords. Youths. Lmao.  …
The Covid-19 disease outbreak has now affected over 70 countries around the world. Using Asian people as the "face" of the coronavirus is editorially unsound, and perpetuates visual racist tropes: 
This pilot season I have read ONE network show w/ a predominantly Black cast. Save for that, I have read 0 scripts w/ a cast that was not predominantly White. No latinx, Asian, etc. So, actor buds, please save me ur “White people aren’t in right now” narratives. It’s bullshit.
being an asian woman in public is fun right now bc you never know if sexist racists are about to catcall you or move away from you. i'm sure it's confusing for them too!
Can schools tell kids it’s wrong to pick on Asian kids? Please email all the school officials you know NOW! This has to stop!!  …
/9 In a few words of hard-won English he said they were a gift for her, that children love Asian pears, that they are special. So they are. He shook my hand firmly and said thank you. I thanked him, and tried to convey in a how inexplicably blessed we are by these kids.
/8 They had gone next door to the Korean market and bought two huge, perfect Asian pears, and bought a nice fancy box to put them in. Asian pears are amazing -- ambrosial and beautiful and ludicrously expensive. They're a traditional gift.
If you’re eating out this evening- consider supporting your local Asian cuisine. Including, but not limited to: Chinese, Japanese, & Vietnamese. Many restaurants are hearing CRICKETS right now bc of the coronavirus. Don’t let these restaurants suffer due to public misconceptions!
And make it a coronavirus twofer: Make an extra, extra special effort to patronize local businesses owned by Asian folks, because racism and ignorance are real forever, but particularly right now.
When western artists say “Don’t repost my art” they are taken very seriously but when an Asian artist says it, why do people start justifying and brushing it off? Why do western audiences feel ENTITLED to free manga/manhwa? Is it people taking advantage of the language barrier??
People need to cool it with their racism. Some lady on the GO train just yelled at an Asian man wearing a mask and stormed off. I couldn’t even catch what she said, but the fact that she even felt like she could do that pisses me off.
And we let’s talk about how a LOT of ppl act as though it is IMPOSSIBLE for another Asian act to be at the top without cheating your prejudice is showing luv
NYPD is investigating a #Coronavirus-related subway incident as a hate crime. Video shows the aggressor verbally attacking an  and spraying a bottle of Febreze in his direction:  
Asian elephant Debbie walks alongside one of the many ponds in Q Habitat. Access to a diverse and expansive habitat space has been shown to have a positive influence on the health, social, and psychological well-being of elephants at The Sanctuary. 
Everytime a yt person is prejudiced to an Asian person because of the corona virus, show them this video...  …
One day people will figure out that "I knew nothing about rap and found it distasteful and/or vulgar until [East Asian Artist/Group] made it palatable for me" isn't  they think it is for their faves OR the Black people who created the genre they're working with.
VIDEO: Elderly Asian Man Attacked, Robbed As Bystanders Laughed Follow @bluelivesmtr #BlueLivesMatter #BackTheBlue #lawenforcement #law Story  
Police release image of man after 'coronavirus rage' attack on woman Police hunting a racist thug who knocked a woman unconscious in a "coronavirus rage" attack The attacker is described as Asian heritage I wonder which part of Asia he will be from  …
The Asian Working Group for Sarcopenia ( #awgs) provides the 2019 consensus update on #sarcopenia diagnosis and treatment. Read more:  
I feel so sad seeing all the racism that my asian friends and I have to deal with. It’s ridiculous. Dirty looks in public, people avoiding us and covering their faces when we’re near. Even on stream being told I need to be quarantined and the racial slurs are ridiculous now.
People are unnecessarily avoiding Asian businesses because of COVID-19. In response, my lovely friend @KimFosterNYC is rounding people up to support @ChinatownVegas. You should go! And regardless of where you live, support azn business, now more than  …
Asian-Americans Terrified of Coronavirus Backlash Stock Up on Guns  …
"They are us", unless they're Asian, eh?  …
love bein a southeast asian gal thrivin in a creative career, letting my filipina self be more known in a western space. delicious
style: Asian @TheRealRyanHiga
Reminder that Mexico, the US, and almost all states in the Americas have very similar histories regarding Asian immigration, labor and internment. Mexico in particular has a much longer history due to the Manila trade   …
#OtD 6 March 1964 Kowsilla, a striking sugarcane worker was killed in Guyana by a scab, and others badly injured. The British Tate  was using African scabs to try to break a national strike of predominantly Asian workers  
#COVIDー19 update. My local GP practice, which also dispenses drugs, ran out of paracetamol first and then Viagra. Either the Asian supply chain is drying up or people aren’t self isolating as strictly as they should.
The Dem field started off with: 6 women (including a black, a Hindu, and a 1/1,024th Native American) 2 black men 1 Asian man 1 Latino man And 1 gay man Now they’re down to 2 straight white old men Democrats must be racist, sexist, homophobic bigots. Isn’t that how it works?
"I have to stand up & fight back. Being part of @CBECal for a few years, I see the strength & power we have  members—black, indigenous, Latinx, Asian—rise as one  these injustices." Jocelyn Moguel, a young leader born and raised in Wilmington 
.............and it’s the parents of THESE kinds of kids who are scared of East Asian folk right now? Gotta be shitting me. Lol.  …
As coronavirus spreads, so does xenophobia and anti-Asian racism 
If you going to cover your nose when an Asian person is near you, you're racist. 1. Chances of getting COVID19 may increase when you cover your mouth/nose or just touching your face 2. The virus  from ANYWHERE 3. Realize that some Asians have never been to China 4. 
thank god for asian ASMR cooking channels where they have thousand dollar cameras that film in 4k 60fps and play nice soft jazz they've been saving my life the past week or two
We are building a multigenerational, multiracial movement — Black, white, Latino, Native American, Asian American —  together and demanding an economy that works for all, not just a few. Get involved today: 
BEING RACIST AND RUDE TO EAST ASIAN PEOPLE WILL NOT STOP YOU GETTING COVID-19. YOU'RE 100% MORE LIKELY TO CATCH IT FROM YOUR MATE WHO WENT TO ITALY LAST MONTH THAN FROM ME. stopthisnonsensepleaseitfeelslikeshit
It’s saddening & disappointing seeing the rise in Sinophobia, hostility & broader anti-Asian discrimination in conjunction with the coronavirus. I offer solidarity to Asian &  at this time & #solidarity to those affected by 
And the Asian American gone. The youthful candidates gone. There’s an   …
Im not poc so idk if its rly my place to say anything at all but reading this from her- something doesnt sound right when she ties east asian gang violence to an online kpop fandom that rightfully called her out 
Yoh That Asian beat on Gunna’s “Who you foolin”
Hey media, when discussing the #Coronavius outbreak, please stop showing pictures of Asian-Americans in Flushing with masks on when all the confirmed cases in #NYC are non-Asians in Manhattan.
Vietnam was the first country  contain COVID-19 without any deaths out of 16 cases. It's  contained for weeks, now. But a woman just brought it to Hanoi from EUROPE. But please tell me more about how Asian people are the ones who spread the virus
I am asian u fat fucking arab go play with 1 hand or I take out my folder
Bear was insolvent March 2008...the market ripped till August 2008. LTCM cratered the market in late 98 w the Asian Crisis...we had a year plus long rally & then the Recession hit in March 2001 way before 9/11... There are #LateCycle lags & Blow Off Tops that can kill careers.
This is damn not okay & we must stop it. This is a video of an Asian kid getting assaulted on a Philadelphia subway train this week. I understand #coronavirus #COVID19 came from China, but that gives people 0 excuse for their racist & zenophobic 
WATCH- Some students calling an Asian student “Corona”. This discrimination must stop! 
At Bernie's press conference so far theyve asked him two questions about the black vote. Erasing Asian and Latino voices. I fucking hate the media.
Some Asian meme page on Insta keeps rejecting my follow request BRO I JUST WANNA SEE WHAT PEOPLE SEND ME WHY DO U HATE ME WHAT HAVE I DONE TO YOU MAN I DONT EVEN KNOW YOU
The spread of COVID-19 "has been  by a dramatic increase in anti-Asian discrimination across the U.S., and news stories featuring photos of people of Asian descent unrelated to the context of the reporting help to perpetuate this racism."  …
I'm about to give my thoughts on some things. FIRST: Everyone needs to stop telling #JoeBiden who to pick for VP. It's his choice and he should pick someone qualified who has his back and that he can trust. A Male Or A Woman black white Asian or Hispanic.
Is there a reason this story is  by a picture of Asian tourists?  …
Asian teens punched, kicked and spat at in three separate racist coronavirus attacks in Exeter in just one day Devon and Cornwall Police is appealing for witnesses following at least six separate incidents involving Asian residents of the city  …
my honors english teacher after calling me and my friend "asian persuasion" because we partnered for a project 
Asian Americans and Asian Immigrants should feel safe in this country They shouldnt go outside and worry about all the strange looks, or ppl avoiding them or them getting jumped by some hateful mob Im telling you this hate will lead to someone getting killed End dis, sho Love
if someone from an “english-speaking culture” went to an asian culture and adressed an older person by their first name that would be disrespectful, but likewise is it not fair to expect that person to uphold your cultural values in their own culture
For  I wrote about why news outlets need to stop making Asian people the “face of the coronavirus” by using irrelevant and biased photos. MUCH thanks to @kainazamaria, Vox’s visuals editor, for speaking with me about photojournalism  …
Boris Johnson is NOT a racist! And you really should listen to me! If the Prime Minister was racist, would he choose as Home Secretary a woman of Asian origin (whose immigration rules would have deported her own parents)? I don't think so! Checkmate lefties x
ARMY ALERT VOTE FOR JUNGKOOK as one of the 100 Asian Heartthrobs !! the gap is really small and i would appreciate if we get a bigger one the votes are UNLIMITED !! Just vote AND refresh the page  …
‘People treat you differently in public now and that sucks’ — Asian American producer @davechensky shared 4 tips for addressing racism in the wake of the global coronavirus outbreak 
Again, what's with these Asian American YA writers who write half-white half-Asian protagonists when they themselves are not? 
No, Dr. Nye, the future is Asian: Parag Khanna - Nikkei Asian The Future is Asia! ⁦ @PMOIndia⁩ ⁦ @narendramodi⁩ ⁦ @nsitharaman⁩ ⁦ @sanjeevsanyal⁩ ⁦ @SubramanianKri⁩ ⁦ @APanagariya⁩ ⁦ @surjitbhalla⁩ ⁦  …
Praying for my Asian brothers and sisters Who are going through so much hate because of this stupid virus I want to let you guys know that we love you and that even tho we have bad apples in this country they dont represent all of us I love you all so much I am so sorry
ARMYS LISTEN VOTE FOR JIN as one of the 100 Asian Heartthrobs It is UNLIMITED votes ! All you gotta do is  the captcha, refresh etc...  …
I'm a neuroscientist, mom and the first South Asian elected in Glen Rock. As a scientist, I researched diseases, including addiction. Now, I'm after Josh Gottheimer's seat. We've got a growing grassroots movement. Can you RT and follow to get us to 5k? 
Fearful of a Coronavirus Backlash, Some Asian Americans Are Stocking Up on Guns  …
[ #VoteJin] Vote for #JIN on the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Level 3. He is currently in 2nd place!  … #방탄소년단진 #SEOKJIN #진 #김석진 #방탄진 
idk which person needs to hear this but just because the coronavirus exists doesn’t mean you can blatantly be xenophobic and racist towards asian people
NEW: Coronavirus outbreaks in Washington and California have motivated first-time gun buyers —many of them Asian Americans worried about racist attacks stemming from fears about the virus, reports @champebarton in a new piece published w/ @TheDailyBeast  …
Mid Century Premco Kitsch TV Lamp, Green and Gold Asian Gondola Boat Console Light, Cool Vintage Bar Accent Lamp #midcenturymodern #50sKitsch #Asian #BarLamp #TVLamp #Etsy  via @Etsy
been trying to discover some deeper meaning or truth in the anti-asian coronavirus prejudice, but can't really because it's all very stupid 
So the next president will be a old white man Not a woman, not someone who is black or Asian, not someone who is gay Another old white man... So much for being progressive
𝗪𝗵𝗮𝘁 𝘁𝗵𝗲𝘆 𝘀𝗮𝘆: "We need to change Asian media since it has problematic themes" 𝗪𝗵𝗮𝘁 𝘁𝗵𝗲𝘆 𝗺𝗲𝗮𝗻: "Asian media is different than Western media and I don't like that, I'm racist under a woke cloak"
Can we at least test the Asian guy first before jumping to conclusions about "who was in the wrong" here? 
My Asian card has been revoked due to the inability to draw chopsticks. (And my artist card has been revoked a long time ago) 
If I ever get quarantined you best damn well believe I'm ordering from every asian restaurant I can find. God damn food of the gods.
Man sprays Febreze on Asian subway passenger in suspected hate crime that may be rooted in fears over 
CAN ASIAN TWITTER PLS STOP ROMANTICISING THINGS SUCH AS PRAYING SALAH AND GOING ON UMRAH AND HAJJ
February was a good month for ALL Americans —Black American unemployment declined to 5.8%, near-record low —Hispanic unemployment at 4.4%, historically low —Asian American unemployment fell to 2.5%, near-record low —Women’s unemployment at 3.4%, a near-generational low
i don’t know who needs to see this but NOT EVERY ASIAN HAS THE CORONAVIRUS!
@SHEPMJS @LarrySchweikart @DETECTIVE4LIFE  … EMPLOYMENT #s 4 FEB 273k new jobs unemploy 3.5% 6 months of this or 3.6% By groups Asian 2.5% a drop from Feb, Black 5.8% women 3.1%. same. Labor force participation rate same 63.4% & worker hourly rate UP again
Drove past an Uber guy (I presume) driving three Asian men. Baba wore a face mask, and the next thing my friend in the car with me said was “Nah!! This is very racial” I refused blatantly. Mans is just trying to be careful pleaseee!
While the outbreak started in the Chinese city of Wuhan late last year, it has reached every continent except Antarctica. The coronavirus outbreak is not an "Asian" disease. Don't treat it as such. 
A gallery that revoked an Asian curator's invitation to a UK art fair, claiming that their presence might "create hesitation" among attendees fearful of the novel coronavirus, will no longer exhibit at the event. 
Listen. We all agree the world needs more queer content. I specifically need more queer Asian femme content. Go save this KS page, I need this goodness in the world. You do too.  …
From the creepy Indonesian creatures, to a child exorcist in 1950s Taiwan: discover horror games rooted in Asian folklore of different countries, where traditions and history mix with superstition and horror. #Detention #HomeSweetHome Complete article:  
Good morning, @CNN @WSJ and @vulture - the COVID-19 outbreak is global. I noticed your headline images today only featured Asians wearing face masks. Please do better, you are contributing to a global outbreak of xenophobia and racism toward people of Asian heritage. Thank you.
We love an Asian, latina, white queen  …
I wrote about Cathy Park Hong's new essay collection Minor Feelings, which is brutal and brilliant and the most vital, challenging thing about Asian-American identity I've read in some time  …
Happy Friday please check on your Asian friends and try to help out some Asian businesses. The Coronavirus is causing widespread racism that have both economic and social ramifications for Asian folk and it’s really disgusting at how ignorant people are.
Asian teens punched, kicked and spat at in three separate racist coronavirus attacks in Exeter in just one day  …
You know how we all have memories that make us chuckle? Mine is doing a school talk about writing at a school that was majority South Asian. At the Q&A bit not one child asked me anything to do with writing - they only wanted to know how much I earned and whether I was married
Coronavirus latest: NYPD investigating Asian subway rider being sprayed with Febreze. 
The predicament of the Asian-American writer, as Cathy Park Hong articulates it, is to fear that both your existence and your interpretation of that existence will always be read the wrong way, @jiatolentino 
THREAD: Today ARTICLE 19 has published a briefing on how states , the media and  can tackle misinformation about COVID-19 and address #hatespeech targeted at people of Chinese or Asian descent #coronavirus  …
Airline ripple effects. If flights to Asia are shut down there’s no point to this route which is supposed to connect Walmart to Asian suppliers via SFO.  …
Stages of denial; 1. It’s just China 2. It’s just Asian people 3. It’s just the flu 4. It’s just old and sick people Now 5. It's just people above 40 6. The vaccine will be here 7. It's only x number of dead 8. Its only x number of dead in y city 9. Panic 
This is the most asian twitter thing I’m seen  …
As an Asian American, growing up with few role models on the big screen and in the public eye, guys like Al Pacino and Robert De Niro were my screen heroes … To share the screen with Al is  via @Character_Media  …
Is sushi not a study of asian cuisine. One would say you are dismantling the multinational forces of white american greed in food production and subverting the narrative by the support of a cross cultural diet such as sushi.  …
Btw just because I’m not Asian doesn’t mean you can buss racist jokes about the Coronavirus with me.. I’ll tell you to suck your mum immediately.. racism is vile on every level
Suspected New York coronavirus hate crime investigated after man sprays air freshener at Asian passenger  …
Anyone run out of toilet paper? Use one of these. Ask one of your Asian mates for instructions. 
last night this asian kept staring at me from across the table trying to remember where he’s seen me before. then suddenly, with a broad smile, leaving a dash each where his eyes have been said; “yes i knew it. you look like bob marley. you have his hair” ?? how ??
How Ray Dalio’s Bridgewater fund management firm sees the transition in balance of global economy from USA/Europe to Asian bloc. 
BBC Breaking Police arresting more white "Terrorists" than "Asian" If that doesn't make you feel safe I don't know what does.  …
To encourage sports persons who succeed in winning in Olympics, Asian Games and Commonwealth Games, I propose to bring in a policy to designate such high achievers, as Grade-I officers of the state government. #AssamBudget2020
American tourist in Bhutan diagnosed with novel coronavirus in South Asian country's first confirmed case. 
I'm tired of Chinatown businesses down in profits by half. #coronavirus I'm tired of Asian kids getting bullied. #coronavirus I'm tired of ppl walking the other way when they see us in stores. #coronavirus I'm tired of fear-driven reactions. #coronavirus I'm tired.
U r not south asian. U r PLASTIC.  …
#ucusoas Solidarity with Asian and  SOAS UCU statement. The SOAS student who was attacked showed solidarity & didn't want to cross the picket to report to SOAS wellbeing until today as non-strike day. Solidarity! 
Did Dele Alli ever get a ban for mocking an Asian person and joking about the coronavirus or has that been swept under the carpet?
Japan's bid to save Olympics has an air of desperation - Nikkei Asian Review  …
Colonialism re-packaged for the modern day gay. Are proceeds going to trans & HIV+ people? Is the book reflexive about the way colonialism has created conservative anti-LGBT policies in these countries? Do we need another white voice profiting from exploitation of Asian culture?  …
oh dear it just struck me that there will be a movie made about Coronavirus...in which Scarlett Johansson will play an Asian person....
Disgusting racism. This is just the tip of the iceberg. To Asian friends in Western countries( esp. US ) please take care of yourselves.  …
This is a new low for the @guardian. In all honesty, you should be ashamed of yourselves. You virtue signal about racism & sexism, all while participating in a hate filled campaign against an Asian woman, simply for doing her job and refusing to follow your narrative. 
After an amazing 14 years presenting on the Asian Network, Nihal will be leaving The Big Debate on March 27. @TherealNihal has been an integral part of the Asian Network family and we’d like to thank him for his dedication  to the station. 
Labour hate #PritiPatel because she's everything they're not, she's a strong British Asian. They use their politicians as token victims, using race as a crutch. 
Secretary General of SAARC H.E. Mr. Esala Ruwan Weerakoon called on Foreign Secretary Mr. Shanker Das Bairagi this afternoon and discussed matters related to promoting economic cooperation in the South Asian region. @PradeepgyawaliK @bairagi_shanker @PaudyalBR 
I swear only blackness has to exist for EVERYONE just bc of where you grow up lmao can you imagine if we were out here defending our right to speak with an Asian accent Lmao. Y’all have full on languages!! Regional Afflections! I promise you you have options
“The minister said the employees of the China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation, the contractor handling the project, were still in China on the orders of the government of the Asian nation.” We are not in a hurry please, we will wait.  …
A night of glamour and class, paired with golden suede, embroidered with sophistication. Be the best bachelors and bachelorettes as we celebrate the crazy, rich Asian way. 
I hear very soon 2 Bengali TV channels will air two biopics on my great grand mom #KadambiniGanguly. Some of you may know who she was, many don't. Well she was the first Indian as well as South Asian female physician, trained in western medicine, to graduate in South Asia.
Guys, can we like get trendin something like #/ StopXenophobia? We are amazing at trend stuff. I just had enough seeing all this madness getting away with h8 towards 
they gave me: gay i am: bi they gave me: 5'5 i am: 5'11 they gave me: single i am: angry they gave me: 17 i am: 17 they think my ethnic group is: asian i am: a global citizen
This.It’s never OK to ask an Asian-American “what are you” “where are you from” “I mean where are your ancestors from.” It makes us feel like we don’t belong. Instead, ask yourself “why do I feel the need to know this information?”  …
Megan...... we need the Asian doll collab
Okay I know we’re having fun about the news of a confirmed cases of CoronaVirus in South Africa, please do not take this time to make xenophobic remarks towards Asian who are South African citizens or tourists. None of the confirmed cases in Africa are related to Asians.
[Voting Poll #Taehyung #Jungkook] 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round Level 3 Kim Taehyung vs BamBam (4days left) [75.45%]  … Jungkook vs Taeyong (6days left) [58.8%]  … #BTSV #뷔 #방탄소년단뷔 #방탄소년단정국 
Support local Asian food bc people be racist thank you
It's not a “plague” or an “apocalypse”; it's not a “Chinese” or “Asian" disease; and people with #COVID19 should not be described as “spreading the virus”. How to talk about COV-19 without stoking panic or stigma  … via @wef #coronavirus #guidelines
Can’t wait to see the solidarity among the East Asian countries  …
cw physical assault It's shameful how many people are ignorant about this virus and flat-out racist. People avoiding Asian people was bad enough, but now they're being assaulted? What the hell is happening? There are more examples in the thread, sadly  …
Uhhhhhhhh $1.52 per person in case you needed this Asian guy to do the math for you. You’re  @MSNBC... REALLY???
You know, it’s really fucking telling (read: racist) that white people are avoiding East Asian people and food but oh they’re quite happy to eat Italian food and Italy is a fucking epicentre of coronavirus right now the racism is rife
The #SouthSudan People's Defense Forces has ordered UNMISS to suspend rotation of peacekeeping forces from Asian countries, including China, Cambodia, India, Nepal and South Korea. 
my asian friends have guns... just putting that out there  …
British Embassy Hanoi's notice on the incident of a #Vietnamese curator being asked to not attend an art fair in #London, because of their Asian/Vietnamese background. @AAFLondon 
Look @ytcreators I am a Dee, I'm a member of a well established Asian LGBT sub-group. Toms dress like boys, Dee's dress sexy and small. It is how we assert our LGBT identity. Are you going to start policing the gender expression of gay cis-male MUA? No. Then leave Dee's alone. 
Our 40 Best Southeast Asian Recipes to Spice Up Your Life  
asian restaurants in many cities r empty af n struggling bc of the corona flu panic, would u b willing to eat out more often to help them?
friendly reminder to support your local Chinese/Asian restaurants during this time if you can...went to Seattle Chinatown last night with my friends for dinner and the restaurant was empty.
the racism i’m seeing towards asian folks over this coronavirus is disgustinggggggggg
I am not a racist, I just hate illegals because they are dishonest and don't care about America. Why have I not seen one Asian in a free clinic getting healthcare? 100% of the illegals are Hispanic? there is a cause, what is it? educate me why Asians don't use free clinics?
i’m just saying you can’t say all asian people are racists towards black people. i’m not denying that there are but i think it’s wrong to assault asian people and then say “well where were you when cops were killing black people”
Some nights I think I should start a shop or label just so I can help get some of the wonderful Asian games I’ve played onto North American tables. And then  to my senses.
In a primary where over 60% of voters said "beating Trump" and "electability" was their #1 issue, there was no chance that a black man, a black woman, a Samoan woman, a Latino man, a gay man, an asian man, two Jewish men, or three white women would win the nomination.
“nIcKi d0nT sUpPoRt oTh3r feMaleS” Yet she gave Meg a Free verse. Brought Malibu Mitch on her show to do a cypher. Played Dojas music on QueenRadio Showed love to Asian & Dreezy yikes remix. & delayed yikes so Mieka Mill single can shine. The media dont talk about this Nicki tho 
We aren’t asian so why would use asian honorific systems that’s not the only way to show respect
the irony is that im not scared of COVID-19, im scared of being attacked for being asian american. i rmb these girls in my chem class saying “fuck asians for bringing their disease here” i wanted to throw up. DONT BE IGNORANT. KNOWLEDGE PROTECTS MORE LIVES THAN HAND-SANITIZER.  …
Good morning to everyone but especially to the old asian uncle who walked past me in Cabra today, yelled HEY, and pointed straight at my crotch to tell me my fly was undone. Nothing but respect for my real ones G
Also, to all any Taiwanese people (or, for that matter, any other East Asian group) who think that westerners somehow draw distinctions between Taiwanese (or any other East Asian group) and Chinese, you are sorely mistaken.
Also, speaking of Covid19, you can't get it from eating chineese food. Many Asian owned restaraunts are suffering, a sad case of panic and xenophobia. Check out this lists of local  by @ericacbarnett and visit a few  …
imagine being such an idiot/racist, you instantly assume an Asian person has the corona virus.. hard to wrap my head around the fact that people’s brains are really wired like that.
This isn't a great Asian session. In Japan, Topix iron and steel index now at a 17-year low. Reporting on markets begins to feel like rubber-necking. 
wow even better if they were intentionally racist and posted a starbucks with asian people in asia to link the virus wit them whats your point
Disturbing footage shows an elderly Asian man being attacked in San Francisco. Police are now investigating the incident as a potential hate crime 
y’all wanna know what’s spreading faster than the coronavirus? RACISM. there should be no reason why y’all should be attacking every Asian on the streets, trains, stores, OR ANYWHERE. y’all are disgusting
There was an Asian buyer of 500mm 30yr cash bonds tonight (a short covering)....and that is what is driving this rally...no liquidity to fill that order. Normally, the market is liquid enough to fill that order...but not in this environment.
many years/pounds ago. harass an asian for coronavirus n this is what i’ll do to u  
At 5th South Asian Cities and Mayors Summit Goa With fellow Mayors of Pathankot, Patiala, Ludhiana and Srinagar ant others. 
you’re not gonna get the coronavirus from getting asian food so please stop being ignorant and go out and support local asian business owners. it’s really upsetting to see small businesses suffering due to sheer stupidity
if u tweet out racist shit towards asian people i will deadass unfollow u i don’t not give a fuck :’)
I can bet you everyone who’s making a joke about the virus right now has either not been stared at for being asian, experienced racist remarks from others, hasn’t seen how people actually die from the virus, and are really just ignorant and think the virus won’t happen to them
5 Female K-Pop Idols Who Undeniably Exude That “Crazy Rich Asian” Vibe  …
Ugh yeah I remember that. It's funny because when American artists upload their stuff, people are all about "helping content creators", but when  to Asian artists it's like "you deserve to have your shit stolen".
Two ways to be an ally to Asian folks right now as their businesses suffer & people spout xenophobia: 1: eat & shop at Asian owned businesses. 2: speak up when you see folks being asshats to Asian folks. Don’t stand by and let ignorance/hate to grow/flourish.
HAVING THE FEAR OF GETTING CARONAVIRUS IS NO EXCUSE TO BE RACIST TOWARDS ASIAN PEOPLE HAVING THE FEAR OF GETTING CARONAVIRUS IS NO EXCUSE TO BE RACIST TOWARDS ASIAN PEOPLE HAVING THE FEAR OF GETTING CARONAVIRUS IS NO EXCUSE TO BE RACIST TOWARDS ASIAN PEOPLE SAY IT WITH ME
she needs to realize ppl aren’t criticizing her cause it’s nasty... of course ppl spitting on stuff is nasty, ppl are criticizing her for the misleading headline during a time when ppl are attacking Asian people for lies like this.
The fact that most if not all of the confirmed cases of coronavirus in the US are white people and y’all are harassing Asian Americans.... 
Amb @AdelaRaz  Alice Wells, US Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs, to the @AfghanMissionUN & discussed developments in the peace process, Afghan women’s critical role & participation in it & the need for a continued reduction in 
White conservatives using Asian folks against black folks as model minorities = White leftists using other poc against black people when they don't vote for their candidate.
[ 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Jungkook vs Taeyong ] We continue to vote for Jungkook...  … #Jungkook #JeonJungKook #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク @BTS_twt
it is imperative for us to look out after our asian friends and support our local asian businesses in the face of the rampant xenophobia that’s currently happening
Cannot state enough how important it is that our voices in the Asian  were heard.  …
YouTube experiment show on anti-Asian racism in Brussels 
To my fellow members in the Asian  both the ones I know and don't know, please understand that we are still a part of the greater  as a whole. Jetpack_7 is so far removed from the indignant racists that we have had to endure for our entire lives.
The Asian  has been rightfully outraged, worried, and concerned. And I have done my best to talk with the ones that I am in touch with while in talks with Jetpack_7, taking questions from the former to bring to the latter, and bringing answers to the former.
Happened in early #Asian #trading: 10-year US bond yield currently 0.87%. The 16 bps drop since yesterday's US  as closures and travel bans multiply in the context of greater risk aversion (I suspect liability concerns may also be playing a role in corporate  …
THIS IS NOT OK. My co-worker just wanted to use the gym. She says she was interrupted by a person who accused her of having the #coronavirus just because she’s #Asian. Racist and xenophobic assaults are spreading. Remember, these are REAL people. These are you neighbors. Stop it. 
The media needs to stop over exaggerating the virus' effect they made it seem so deadly that Asian ppl are getting harassed 24/7 .. I saw almost 10 vids by now of asian ppl getting beaten inhumanly & that's so so sad
Remember when the Boston mayor was saying less than 2 weeks ago (the incubation period) that Sony was helping to stoke fear of anti-Asian sentiment and not making judgements based on facts when they pulled from Pax East?? Yeah...Sony made the right call. In TN from Boston visit 
Tesla teardown finds electronics 6 years ahead of Toyota and VW - Nikkei Asian Review  …
And now I’m seeing a video of an Asian kid being h*rassed and attacked this is getting real scary. Very middle school Ebola flashbacks. Seek help.
tiny asian girl tries her best pt. 3 | twitter: @rencognito_  
seeing asians being mobbed at school, public, their neighborhoods, etc. bc of the virus is just stupid can’t people just idk, have a sense of mind and stop using this as a card to be racist towards them. yall have no rights to walk up to an asian person and bully them. 
The coronavirus became prevalent and y’all decided to just let ur xenophobia against Asian folks fly right off the rails...... real sadd
[overheard at a McDonald's] old guy: are you asian? manager: I'm filipino. old guy: koniichiiwaaa manager: old guy: *enthusiastically bows*
You released a plan for  Asian Pacific Islander Americans, all the poor & working-class Asians in America who are central to our culture & economy yet are rarely even acknowledged, even by our #AAPI leaders (incl. an AA candidate who instead, wore a MATH pin) (5/8)
Flying above the Wild Lights Asian Lantern Festival at the Louisville Zoo in the WLKY Chopper HD. @WLKYChopperBill 
This piece on ARASHI’s Diary: Voyage uses key phrases that make me go “kings of Asian pop” “music-making machine” “final chapters of their careers” We can agree though on the “well-deserved break revitalizes the pop superstars for another 20 years”  
The implications of #Coronvirus #COVID19 will be astronomical to the economy, especially to Asian businesses. This was posted outside of a restaurant in Los Angeles this week — and this is just the start, it will only get worse. 
Seems like a great time to remind you UWC is NOT an official chart. United World Chart is made by hobbyists and does not count sales from many fields, esp Asian. UWC charts will be always favorable to western based artists and never count BTS' global sales even nearly accurately 
Stop. Publishing. Coronavirus. Articles. With. Pictures. Of. Asian. People. You. Racists.
. @slipknot postpone Asian tour + Knotfest Japan due to  …
"It has always been exhausting to be Asian in America, but at the moment we’re particularly on edge, wary of being the target of the next hate crime or racist jeer." – 
When you eat at an Asian restaurant for the first time 
Narrative: White people more likely to be terrorists Reality: Asian 7.5% population 40% arrest 533% over representation Black 3.3% population 7.5% arrest 227% over representation White 86% population 42% arrest Only ethnic group under represented  …
“Map of the Soul: 7 has now risen to No. 1 on the albums charts in all of the top five music markets in the world. This marks the first time an Asian group has done so,” @BTS_twt #BTS  …
I remember when my best friend asked me if I eat dogs cuz I’m asian.
Which “Ugandan Asian” would you prefer to keep her promises?
Pelosi cites 'element of misogyny' after Warren drops out  via @politico >> yeah. Poor Democrat women never get a real shot in that party. Shame. The Gay person is out too. And all of the African-Americans. And Asian.
@schmangee mentioned that Asian cities aren’t discussed much on Urbanist Twitter. Found this on Tik Tok and I think it’s a good example of urbanism in Asian cities. 
They’ve managed a feat that few artists in any genre have been able to muster. Map of the Soul: 7 has now risen to #1 on the albums charts in all of the top five music markets in the world. This marks the first time an Asian group has done so.  …
Coronavirus has been the straw that broke the camel’s back on westerners' increasingly virulent Sinophobia and broader anti-Asian discrimination. I offer solidarity to the Asian and  in these trying times & solidarity to those affected by coronavirus
Asian Twitter love hating on eachother ennit You lot are worse than the auntiye  about no
Malorie Blackman says she was asked to make black Noughts and Crosses characters Asian  …
Support your local asian/chinese shops! re-posting photos from #Yoonji (Asian Streetfood) in #Hamburg #ichbinkeinVirus #IamNotAVirus 
A stranger mocking a Asian man by spraying Febreeze at him 
Asian Americans: Ugh, this nerdy math stereotype sucks Q: What do you love about Elizabeth Warren? Asian Americans: Data disaggregation, obviously Love you #AAPIsForWarren! @originalspin
There’s no room for me in a party where this person is the head of asian outreach:  …
Lana Condor And Janel Parrish Opened Up About The Challenges Of Being An Asian Actor  …
yes, support your local asian/chinese shops! Meine Lieblings-Restaurants in #Hamburg: - Asian Streetfood: Yoon-ji - Koreanisch: Hanmi  …
Just cuz some unrelated asian people have been seen being racist (which is really disappointing to me as well to see) does not mean that we shouldn’t care that these Asian kids got beat up? Lol? You’re justifying assault by generalizing a whole group of people.
Leave Asian people alone! This is so sad Wallahi 
So there is a shortage of Hand Sanitizer in the Bay Area. I just saw a little old Asian couple filling up a sandwich bag from  hand sanitizer at the gas station Trifling but funny AF!
I don't hear Asian folks talking about protect black kids when  to the cops
..the envelope after 30 - 60 seconds leaving the virus unable to invade your cells! As a vegan I frequent Chinese restaurants regularly. It is a falsehood to think because we heard about this virus in China that all asian people are contageous. They are not. This virus is. 7/ 
The  implication here, that is constantly made and not pointed out enough, is that every [South Asian] Muslim who is a critic of her very clear BJP ties and Islamophobia is Hinduphobic - something Gabbard herself has pushed as a counter-narrative.
absolutely disgusting. corona isn’t a disease asian people get. it just so happened it hit china first it’s always been around.
Hello everyone i am about to do a reveal. Devil is asian. But I won’t tell from where in asia LoL.
Unless your story is about 1) Coronavirus in an Asian country 2) Coronavirus in an Asian neighborhood  3) the origin of the virus there's little reason to use a default stock photo of Asian people for your Coronavirus story. That is all.
Here’s another highschool throwback. That Asian girl could twerk really well. Me and the dude on the left used to freestyle together. The girl on my lap, I wrote her a poem. Not sure why I wore a shirt and tie that day, musta had a presentation lol 
South Asian Arab and Muslim organizers have raised these concerns for years. #Tulsi has always been a pretend progressive domestically & aligned with fascists abroad. Her attempt to shut down debate with spurious claims of #hinduphobia is disingenuous. #Tulsigottago 
Chinaman is not the preferred nomenclature. Asian-American, please.
It’s not about people I like & people I hate cuz they are Blk/wht/Asian/Latino, LGBTQ/straight, nice/mean, rich/poor, rude/polite, old/young, male/female, Biden/Bernie/Warren supporters or whatever. It’s about saving our planet, justice & equality. OCEANS DYING = NO OXYGEN!!
If you are a south Asian person who is interested in working in politics, hmu  …
So I see we're still putting Asian people with masks on as the art on every single coronavirus story, regardless of the facts (and actual content of the story). 
80% of Asian mandem think they're Thomas Shelby init
my asian a$$can't stand this,,,plus I'm literally addicted to tea,,and this is NOT how you make tea mf,,,
If you think every single Asian has the corona virus, fuck you.
Video catches an unhinged man spraying Febreze at an Asian straphanger on a Brooklyn train amid coronavirus fears. 
If you're looking for a candidate who is: a) South Asian b) Muslim c) a Community Land Trust enthusiast d) likely bumping a Kacey Musgraves track rn @MahfuzulFor24 and I have you covered from the South East of Queens to the Northwest. 
OOOOO YOU GONNA BE SURPRISED they gave me: straight i am: Bi they gave me: 5’4 i am: 5’8.5” they gave me: single i am: Married they gave me: 22? i am: 24 they think my ethnic group is: Asian? i am: Latina drop an emoji and i'll tell you what i think based on your profile
this is so heartbreaking :( just because the virus started in china does not mean every asian person in the world has the virus. stop with the ignorance and racism.
The opposite is true of Asian women. How many of you were told “I thought Asians were quiet?” Or, “I didn’t know Asian women could argue?” Bc I’ve been told this many times. It actually happened a few days ago.  …
Straphanger sprays Asian man with Febreze in possible hate crime  
The anti-asian sentiment is real. This guy is spraying people with chemicals!!! Horrific.  …
hello, dont forget to: drink water wash hands eat more veggies and fruits listen to that way by lil uzi and dont treat asian people differently/harshly bc the media decided to fear monger the corona virus
Warren's team reached out to me personally asking how they can improve their policy plan for Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islanders. Not AANHPI. Just NHPI. She was the only candidate who had a thorough policy plan for Asian Americans & Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islanders. That mattered.
Tbh Asian Americans, specifically Chinese Americans, deal with so much surface level racism and no one ever talks about it. It starts with the jokes about them working in mail salons or eating their dogs and it turns into acting like they arent the same kind of human as we are
He's already done that. It's safe to say it wasn't because he is a racist that he refused to work with Obama. Just a power hungry criminal who doesn't understand his job. Upper echelon Asian Mob by marriage.
our usually very busy local chinese restaurant has been dead the last few times we’ve been in for the first time ever. if you’d rather let a local business go under than wash your fucking hands you’re a racist and an idiot. support east asian businesses and people now and always
s/o asian girls, let the lights dim sum 
I noticed the oddest thing from his @maddow interview: she kept trying to get him to talk about his weak support from the African  and he kept talking about his support from the Latino and  Like, the “not white” folk were fungible. It was gross.
Nearly 7,000 Brits have signed the petition since it was released this afternoon. If you think the government should no longer cover up the "Asian" "Grooming" scandal and are a UK resident you can sign here.  …
this is just gonna immediately devolve into karens screaming at asian people.
this lil asian grocery store is so fuckin barren bc of racist ass ppl. GUESS WHO FINNA GO RUN UP A CHECK IN DERE LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO finna bibimbap my ass right on thru dem aisles
117 white & 111 Asian arrests. Now what % of the population is white & what % Asian. Also how much you wanna bet that the Asians represent people from countries of Islamic origin. Don’t be mislead by stats in this way.  …
Anti-Asian harassment isn't new. It just got the green light.  …
The news needs to stop running pictures of Asians and Asian Americans every time they post a story about the coronavirus. They do it when the article is *specifically* about a white woman who contracted it. When it's about *any* pet owners. When it's about NYC in general. STOP.
I grew up with this kind of racist abuse on the streets of Adelaide , South Australia as an Asian refugee . Sad to hear that over 40 yrs later it’s still happening . Seems part of human DNA  …
Warren was not my candidate & I have issues some issues with her strategy BUT I can't help but be so disappointed that after a diverse field including several women, multiple black people, an Asian American, a Mexican American, and a gay man, we're left with two old white men
i want new moots and people to dm. • zai. • fifteen turning sixteen. • she/her. • lesbian. • england. • dom. • poc. (south asian) rt to be mutuals and like for a possible dm. 
Me, in class, every damn time I see a chart that reads “White Black Latino Asian OTHER”  …
"Whether you're black or white or Asian, this story will empower you." Filmmaker @DirectedByKoby speaks to #FocusOnAfrica about directing new TV series, #NoughtsAndCrosses for @BBCOne 
As an Asian immigrant, @BernieSanders reflects my values and hopes for this country. I believe that in a country with the most billionaires, no human being should die because he/she can’t afford insulin. This is a class war. Capitalists vs working class.
Hello Twitter - I’m looking for a South asian/ BAME animator to turn an important story into a reality. Please TAG , COMMENT, RT #animation #AnimationPower #southasian
PSA: The corona virus doesn't give you an avenue to be racist to any asian you see :)
"White people are scared enough of coronavirus to avoid Asian people even if they're perfectly healthy, but not scared enough of coronavirus to vote for Medicare For All" - my sibling Ness going INNN for #PresidentBernieSanders #NotMeUs
Whoever our candidate ends up being, it’s on us to hold them accountable to women and Black, Latinx, Native, Asian, and other marginalized Americans who still don’t get a fair shot at leadership. Old white guy, fine. But the old white guy owes it to the future to elevate others.
Fake News Virus History. 1898 T.M.V. 1954 Polio. 1957 Asian. 1961 Measles. 1976-1996 Swine Flu 2002 West Nile. 2004 Sars. 2005 Bird Flu. 2009 H1N1 2014 Ebola. 2016 Zika. 2018 Measles. 2019  thread: fear. control. vaccines.
the initial gameplay reveal felt much more like they were trying to show off everything at once and also appeal to Asian markets, while all of the following clips are the more standard rounds we'll see  …
As a young boy he also had no eyes. Such an inspiring story to go from all that to being a proud Asian American woman.
Support your local Asian food restaurants during this difficult time. That's the best way  this sort of nonsense.
To those in my mentions who questioned if Asian people were actually facing additional discrimination as a result of COVID-19:  …
I'm waiting to get some blood tests done and in the waiting room an old white lady wearing a face mask asked me if I was Asian before sitting next to me. I said no but what kind of question is that?! At that point she picked another seat. WTF. 
Junaid Qureshi, European Foundation for South Asian Studies at 43rd Session of UNHRC in Genava: The removal of restrictions on internet & social media (imposed in J&K on Aug 5, 2019 after the abrogation of Article 370) is a good step. It will contribute towards more peace&harmony 
May I respectfully draw my peers attention to the fact that if you are going to book me to talk at a conference, my role is to talk about #SmallCharities not my experience as an Asian woman working in a woke brave world of vouyeristic fascination with equality 
Why are there no Asian people on Love Is Blind do we not deserve to date in pods on a reality show and go through the various dramas and humiliations of choosing a spouse without seeing their face and body first
thinking EVERY asian person uses racist undertones against african americans is racist in itself
Every woke woman has 50 from 2012 where she makes fun of how asian people drive and every woke man has 50 tweets from 2012 where he talks about his repulsive fetish  …
We live in a country where people think drinking corona beer will get you Coronavirus and going to Asian restaurants put you at risk. Not surprised at all. This is BS. Stop this crap now.
to add insult to injury, Vietnam has had no corona virus deaths. Unlike the US. not that it matters to white people what country an asian person is from or if we have been there recently.  …
Disgusting isn’t the word. An old Asian man innocently asking for directions when it’s clear English isn’t his first language to be ridiculed unknowingly by an uneducated man thinking he must be funny by taking the piss out of someone who isn’t familiar with the language? 
STARMOMETER: 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round Voting Period: Mar 5th-Mar 12th at 9pm KST TAEYONG is nominated in LVL 3 of the 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round poll. Voting in this poll is unlimited.  … #NCT127 #TAEYONG 
If they think those asian kids had coronavirus, a virus that can be passed on through physical touch, that it would make sense to... physically touch them?
I’m glad to see this tweet gain some more of attention, because it would certainly go more viral if it was a white guy doing this to a black guy. Asian discrimination in America still exists. The coronavirus is just an excuse to let it out publicly.  …
Chile I never said it was ok but all of asian twitter ganged up on the one black girl who opened her own beauty supply with CLEAR racist undertones but you're leaping to their defense for what? They don't care about us and they never have. Put your cape away
"BTS went from being the First male kpop act to being first kpop act to First Korean act to first Asian act to first act to do things and that just shows how big they are. They are in their own league now " 
Hey here’s your reminder to stop racial profiling Asian Americans due to coronavirus scares
My mother works in a doctors office and was telling me that there was a Asian patient who was waiting and he coughed and the entire waiting room started yelling for the doctor and for them to call police.
AOC won her seat through open selection and defeating a long-term incumbent. But the Labour right and the media belittle every person, but especially women and young Black and Asian women, for having socialists. We wouldn’t have a British AOC because you’d scream her down all day
That's exactly how tax audits work,   7x more likely to be audited with $1 mill +  30x more likely to be audited at $10 mill+  US Customs stops more honey from Asian countries to catch dangerous Chinese honey. Etc.  …
I’m tired of everyone freaking out about the coronavirus when ITS NOT THAT SERIOUS. JUST WASH UR FUCKING HANDS. I’m tired of this racist agenda making anyone of Asian background not able to do normal things without being singled out.
yunb really did mess up from accepting the role to the way he handled the backlash but i’m so proud of the things he’s done to set things right because the musical will no longer be tupac x biggie based and nor will anyone be portraying any black characters if they’re asian 
Some of us still have to struggle with issues of identity and disconnect well into our lives and our careers. This is part of the story for Asian-Americans.
This was my dream ticket. But no, most Democratic voters - White, Black, Latino, Asian-American - wanted any one of three 78yo White men. For REASONS.  …
As I make more films that touch on Asian identities I find myself struggling with my name again. I wanted to be Ravenna b/c I thought it would be easier & because Tran is  But now I’m yearning to bring my surname back into my professional life. I think it’s important.
Asian Americans, and Asians around the world, are facing increased racism and xenophobia because of ignorance around the #coronavirus. My latest for @NewsHour  …
bro leave asian people alone. y’all are some fucking losers harassing these people like this....
#TEN is the winner of #100AsianHeartthrobs2020 Battle Level 2 #เตนล์ garnered 131,177 votes or 51.94% and will advance to level 3 and be one step closer to winning the title ”Ultimate Asian Heartthrob of 2020” Thank you very much to 10velys who voted for TEN #VoteForTen  
BREAKING Pocahontas has dropped out of the race, ending her bid to be the first gay asian President
Poor Liz... her minority game was so strong too!! If only she could have been Asian and gay Elizabeth Warren Drops Out of Presidential Race - The Wall Street Journal  …
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 – Xiao Zhan and Ten Advance to Level 3 Battles  …
We had:- 6 women 2 African Americans 1 Latino The 1st openly gay man, & The 1st Asian American But in the end, it still  down to a choice between 2 white men in their 70's. What happened?
katy perry filmed 2 music videos, did live performances all around the world, was on the cover of vogue india, was a judge on american idol, and became an ambassador for the british asian trust ... all while pregnant and without anyone knowing. @katyperry is a 
ELLA ENCHANTED W/ ASIAN ANTIHEROINE Prophet and propagandist Violet divines lies for the king. Tasked w/ spinning a fake fairytale to distract the court, she must gain the hostile prince's trust. But a real prophecy haunts her: the prince will die—by her hand. #YA #F #POC #PitMad
After 4 years of absence, the Philippines will rejoin the 2020 Asian Men’s Club Volleyball Championship! Which club team do you think will represent our country? Match Schedule:  
Every year progressives in majority white countries will publish this shit, and every year we have to explain to them what "per capita" means. Britain is 80% white, and 6,8% Asian (i.e Muslims). Those 2 groups having almost the same amount of terror arrests is disastrous.  …
Fam. the white Italians came on a direct flight from Milan to jfk w notta screenin in sight like lalala while queues for ALL Asian flights was lookin like voting lines in majority Black jurisdictions. We good as dead.
I keep saying this is why Latinx and Asian Americans can’t really get behind this guy with enthusiasm. I remember my deportation proceedings like it was yesterday. First they tried to separate me from my parents, and then from my wife over the course of four years.  …
We are incredibly impressed and inspired by the organizing of South Asian students across the country. Today, students are protesting on 18 campuses and speaking out against #Hindutva  …
If the first case of Cory was in Africa, Africans were gonna be denied entry into most European and Asian countries. 
I can’t believe I forgot to flex this on twitter but my Lola made this wonderful dress for me! I love her so much and she’s that kind of asian grandma who wouldn’t be too affectionate but I saw the time and effort she put just to make sure I’ll look good in this dress. 
This attitude doesn't just stereotype Asians, it also takes Asian support for granted. We win people over to our political alliances by persuading them, not by shaming them. By treating them as part of our coalition, not condemning them as racists because they voted Tory.
Why do Asians or black people join the Tory party? I know a lot of Asian Tories. Some are racist, but some are not. I also know many Labour voters too, and some of them are racist too. Anti-racism doesn't fit neatly into the political divide like some think.
#YasminAlibhaiBrown Defend her, they say, she’s one of them, a Ugandan Asian. Go hang your head in shame,say us. For she’s one of them-a far-wing fanatic-an appalling human being! Shame on @Skypapers, @SkyNews & @BBCPolitics who still employ her! @IainDale @maitlis  …
you think an asian finna cancel another asian making ebola jokes? y’all don’t think
I've talked to my child about why people might say things like this and he said, "It's because we're Asian and they're racist." He insists that no one will say this to him at school, b/c there are teachers & cameras everywhere. He's a confident kid.  …  
I have had a great power bestowed upon me in these trying times, and it is the ability to Cough While Asian Coughing While Asian, when wielded with care, allows me to walk through the world unfettered by the masses, but dangerous use can lead to unwanted consequences
You made the huge, sweeping statement that all Asian culture is corrupt and rife with bribery. You deployed the "goodness gracious me" trope, and made predictable jibes about ghee and onion bhajis when writing about a British asian politician. 
listening to smack a bitch by rico nasty and beat a bitch up by asian doll back to back in the gym >>>>>
I, as an Asian American, have no greater chance of having Covid-19 than anyone else in the United States, yet I see the ways people look at me when I cough. It’s the same racism that justifies racial profiling of middle easterners at the airport or black people in in the street.
The Asian  needs to acknowledge that — no matter how woke some individuals may be — we benefit from anti-blackness, notably through the model minority myth. Dismantling that stereotype is critical to fighting anti-blackness.
Losing followers left and right because I keep calling out deep systemic racism. I wouldn’t have it any other way. While you’re here, here are a few reminders: -Fucking vote. -Wash your hands. Every 30 minutes. -Stop targeting Asian people. -Support POC creators.
Hey fellow NYC Subway riders; stop shunning Asian school kids and making them feel hated. There is no reason to think they present a greater risk than anyone else.
See you in Madhya Pradesh !!!! @NAMASTEORCHHA FESTIVAL #ELCHAPULINSOLO IN INDIA!!!!!!!! THIS SATURDAY, March 7th 21h Free entrance!!!!! #SIBERIEMETAITCONTEEE #MANUCHAO #ELCHAPULINSOLO #AFBohpal #NAMASTEORCHHA More info about the ASIAN TOUR in:  
I had someone have the gall to walk in my ER the other day saying they ate bad Chinese food and had coronavirus. Our Asian doctor who was the only doc on duty was not amused. Literally kicked them out of the ER with a bottle of pepto like 
. @Slipknot postpone Asian tour + Knotfest Japan due to  …
2017 Mnet Asian Music Awards NCT127 Ending Finale Self Cam #태용 
SOUTH ASIAN GRISHAVERSE After Naia betrays her family to steal a magical relic & it results in their slaughter, the priestess must team up with an enemy mage to harness her magical heritage & rescue her sister before she’s enslaved forever by the dark queen. #OWN #F #YA #Pitmad
Please don’t downplay the importance of  of age movie about an Asian-American  to terms with her sexuality just because it might not end the way you want it to. Not when an ACTUAL lesbian Asian-American woman worked so hard on it.
[ 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Jungkook vs Taeyong ] Link vote:  … How to vote Step 1: Choose the name of Jungkook Step 2: Verify that you are not a robot. Step 3: Select " Vote " #Jungkook #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク
[ @StandardSport] | Tottenham midfielder Dele Alli is now planning to appeal against his FA charge for posting a social media video mocking a man of Asian appearance and the coronavirus outbreak. The Spurs attacker has until 5pm on Thursday to make a final decision. #THFC 
oh my god bruh what the hell. Do people really think fighting every asian is going stop them from possibly getting the virus???? This virus got people’s racism showing and it is not fucking cute
These lunatics are calling on Armenian and Greek IMMIGRANTS who left their homelands decades ago for a better future, to take a stand against Asian and middle eastern IMMIGRANTS fleeing violence, poverty in pursuit of happiness today. So shameful.  …
vote for jungkook in this poll please!! 100 asian heartthrobs 2020 ➩  …
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round - Jungkook vs Taeyong! Taeyong has moved on to the third battle round, vote for him here:  … The winner goes to the Final round. #NCT127 
Poland Albums #1 MOTS: 7 (debut) MOTS: 7 is the first Asian album to get #1 in Poland! #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
Map of the Soul: 7 has debuted at #1 in Poland! This is @BTS_twt's FIRST ever #1 album in Poland and first ever for an Asian act. This is also Map of the Soul: 7's 20th country to chart at #1! 
Addressed the 5th South Asian #CitiesSummit at Panaji today which saw a participation of over 200 Mayors from India and over 50 Mayors from South Asian countries. Spoke about the need for engagement among city leaders and sharing of best practices for larger public good. 
Statement on  Asian @FIFAWorldCup qualifiers 
What % of the UK population is white? 87.1% What % of the UK population is Asian? 7.0% How many white people, and how many Asian people were 'arrested over terrorism' in the UK? 117 white, 111 Asian. Now, which group is over-represented in terrorism-related arrests in the UK?  …
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Jungkook vs Taeyong 
The super-talented artist @MrASingh created a colourful Asian elephant here for @WorcsBigParade! @bbcmtd visited us to chat with Amrit about this GORGEOUS piece. Big thanks to the lovely @johnbray69.  … You'd be a DUMBO not to love this! #Art
Takes a special kind of stupid to be like, "Oh, this Asian person sneezed near me, maybe they have Coronavirus, I'm gonna get their blood on me." There's definitely an overlap between racism and idiocy
According to IndexMundi: whites make up 87.2% of the population while Black's make up 3%, Asian/British Indian and Pakistani make up a total of 5.3%. So 87% of the population only has 6 more arrests for terrorism than 5.3% of the pop in 2019. 
y’all gave a lot of passes to Summer Walker & although i hate to see her recent xenophobia, if she has to be cancelled for something it will NOT be that. even to this day Asian ppl still despise & exploit black ppl so,
Minister @abdulla_shahid has sent a message of congratulations to the new Secretary General of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation HE Esala Ruwan Weerakoon on assuming his duties. Press Release:  @SaarcSec
Thank you @lizziedearden you have just shown what everybody is thinking. Approximately 8% of the population (111 Asian suspects) are causing as much trouble as the other 92% thanks for the figures.
“Residents and business owners here...have been bearing the brunt of racist and xenophobic backlash, as the novel coronavirus spreads and Asian Americans are unfairly targeted,” reports @IAmAmnaNawaz from San Francisco’s 
"The South Asian representation was restricted to regional TV & Bollywood movies. @priyankachopra has changed the game. She isn’t the first but she’s definitely a trailblazer in her own right when  to representing South Asians" #priyankachoprajonas 
Asian pupils teach British classmates their nation's greeting in bid to stop spread of coronavirus 
Approximately 87% of the population in the U.K. are white. So yes, we would expect White suspects to be the majority as we are a majority white country. Terror suspects: 117 white (87%) 111 Asian (7-8%) 21 Black (3%) The figures speak for themselves. Not rocket science.  …
I'm confused. Yasmin alibai brown's description of Priti Patel seems to fit Yasmin better than Priti! > "She's one of "them" > a fanatic > an appalling human being > a Ugandan Asian There's only one racist hater in this conversation. 
If Blackpink really are featured on #Chromatica then maybe they’ll be the opening act for Gaga during the Asian leg of the world tour to help bring in an audience. 
#PritiPatel Defend her, they say, she's one of us, a Ugandan Asian. Go hang your head in shame, say I. For she's one of them - a right wing fanatic & appalling human being.
When you're borderline ocd and live in an asian household, repeated hand-washing and bulk-buying are just what I call "life"
The number of white terror suspects being arrested in Britain has outstripped those of Asian appearance for the second year in a row 117 white people were arrested on suspicion of terror offences in 2019, 111 Asian suspects and 21 black people  …
Italian, Asian, south american monsters after reading #Chromatica ball tour 
Here's how Asian governments are spending to fight coronavirus 
Priti Patel is an Asian lady. She is supposed to be a victim, be the Pied Piper of Victims - like @DavidLammy - & bleat about #Grenfell & #Windrush Instead she is a strong woman, tough on crime & rock solid on immigration That’s why they want her 
Dear racists: stop beating up Asian people because of the #Coronavirus we aren’t out here beating you up for your ignorance. But maybe we should.
Native women still have to wait 27 more years to celebrate Asian women still have to wait 32 more years to celebrate Black and Latina women have to wait 40 more years to celebrate  …
#SheInspiresUs Sarita Gaekwad: The girl who once ran barefoot is now Asian Games gold medallist "SARITA GAYAKWAD" golden girl who  the first woman from Gujarat to win Asian Gold Medal. Daughter of Farm Labourers Beat All Odds To Win Asian Games Gold for India! 
Asian man reportedly attacked in London by racist angry about coronavirus  
Be truthful Labour cannot afford for the grooming gangs report to be published! It will highlight the party line to sacrifice white children. To gain the 'Asian' votes. Labour are going to reap what they have sowed for years! Complete hypocrites!
Akzo Nobel is very positive on  explaining the key initiatives undertaken across the group (globally). Started nibbling in the summer of 2019. Asian Paints is a bigger holding in my PF. Not adding either at CMP.  …
From what I've seen in person and on media and SM .... Asian people seem 2 b the ones stock piling toilet paper ? Why ? #coronavirusaustralia
REMEMBER: This kind of thing is only disgusting, cruel and dangerous if you're Asian.  …
just another night watching television, wondering why there are so many Asian people represented  but not in the actual shows (the answer, of course, is that they want our money but couldn't care less about our perspective & stories)
Hey people with Asian parents, have you ever seen them kiss? Trying to see something.
I was off Twitter yesterday, but apparently a lot happened and I got a bunch of new followers! Hello everyone, I am BJ. I'm a Filipino actuary and part-time RPG dude, specializing in researching  Southeast Asian spaces! Find me at 
"Bhaji on the Beach still dissects the lives of British South Asian women with such nuance, knowledge and empathy that it’s the gold standard for art about  - love this essay by @nikeshshukla. Get tickets now:  …  …
SLIPKNOT Postpones Asian Tour, Including KNOTFEST JAPAN, Amid Coronavirus Fears  
I’m sorry but y’all don’t see a problem with assuming a whole group of people got a virus? The fact that Asian businesses are having to clarify that they haven’t even been traveling out of the country...:///
the fact some of yall think using honorifics is being formal is kinda funny asian honorifics dont have the same meaning as 'mrs' or 'mr' kinda like 'hyung' and 'unnie' for example
The Zoldycks remind me of an Asian version of the Addams family for some reason
The U.S. administration will accept a million Covid deaths over a recession. Asian governments will rather put their societies into hibernation. If you were to design this social experiment you'd get in serious trouble with the ethics board.
21st Asian Security Conference scheduled to be held in Delhi on March 12&13 has been postponed, due to the prevailing situation with regard to Corona virus.
Due to the prevailing global situation with regard to #COVID19, it has been decided to postpone the 21st Asian Security Conference (ASC) to a later date: Manohar Parrikar Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses
With fellow Mayors of Jammu, Patiala, Pathankot and Ludhiana at the 5th South Asian Cities and Mayors’ Summit. 
Team at Technisanct with help our AI based solution Integrite identified more than 300K credit card details including CVV belonging to South East Asian banks kept for sale in Darkweb. Multiple CERT’s have verified the details. @InfosecurityMag 
Hungarian Albums #1 MOTS: 7 (debut) MOTS: 7 is the first Asian Album to debut at #1 in Hungary. #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
This Friday I will be speaking about Eslanda Goode Robeson’s 1949-50 visit to China and the linkages between Afro-Asian solidarity and Black left feminism at the 2020 @AAIHS Conference. #afroasia #blackfeminism #AAIHS2020 Thank you @DeniseLynn13 Prof. Lynn for organizing 
Stop fucking harassing Asian folks over the Coronavirus. -The death rate is 3 percent -It mostly only kills old people -Literally 0.000001% of the population has it. Racism is more viral than the Coronavirus could ever hope to be. Wash your damn hands and leave people alone.
Are you saying Priti Patel only got promoted because she's Asian? Aren´t you the racist.  …
Mr. Hitesh Vaidya, Director NIUA addressing the 5th South Asian Cities Summit. He made a call for South Asian Cities to collectively find paths towards addressing urban challenges and future of urbanisation. 
Storied hip hop label Def Jam is snapping up Southeast Asian rap stars. Can they go global? My story:  …
Asian women might be top tier man.
Asian kids were punched, kicked, and stepped on at a subway cart in Philadelphia today. What more is going to happen? Stand up for your Asian friends, and help keep us safe
A few facts: 1) No Asian person deserves to be attacked because of Coronavirus. 2) Not every attack and microaggression on Asians involves a Black aggressor despite what you might be seeing repeatedly on social media.
PROTECT YOUR ASIAN FRIENDS PROTECT YOUR ASIAN FRIENDS PROTECT YOUR ASIAN FRIENDS PROTECT YOUR ASIAN FRIENDS PROTECT YOUR ASIAN FRIENDS PROTECT YOUR ASIAN FRIENDS PROTECT YOUR ASIAN FRIENDS PROTECT YOUR ASIAN FRIENDS PROTECT YOUR ASIAN FRIENDS PROTECT YOUR ASIAN FRIENDS 
This woman actually had the audacity to tell me that I was lucky bc "crowds clear wherever you go" and that she should put tape on her eyes to make it slanted so people think she's asian.. I'm all for the stereotypical jokes but this was just fucked up. Lemme cough on you rq b.
#OnThisDay in 1951, Indian football team began it's campaign in inaugural Asian Games at New Delhi with a 3-0 victory against Indonesia. Goals scored by Sheoo Mewalal, Ahmed Khan & P Venkatesh 
"The global response to COVID-19 has made clear that the fear of contracting disease has an ugly cousin: xenophobia... anti-Asian discrimination has followed closely behind."  …
"I worry...that my patients will refuse to let me examine them just because I am Asian and they think I am carrying the coronavirus." - A med student in Long Island - From Hubei to Ireland, Chinese Readers Share Stories of the Coronavirus Crisis 
It was nice for them to incorporate Bruce Lee into the concept/song since he was a legend to Asians because he was one of the firsts to able to bring the Asian (specifically Chinese) culture worldwide without downgrading or misrepresenting
“There is disappointment with India and increasing caution among investors. The recent political moves and laws have distracted the government from economic reforms", said John Lau, head of Asian Equities at SEI with $352 billion under management.  …
The Asian English import of #NinjaJaJaMaruCollection has arrived from @playasia as my 422nd physical #NintendoSwitch title...  … Featuring 5 classics + 1 new entry, this is a  There’s an update available but not required. 
-Asian stocks -U.S. futures -Yield on 10-year Treasuries at 1.01% -Yuan slips after recouping all losses since virus outbreak -Oil at $47.42  
As the coronavirus has spread, anti-Asian discrimination has followed closely behind — manifesting in plummeting sales at Chinese restaurants, near-deserted Chinatown districts and racist harassment against Asian Americans. 
It’s almost sci-fi: A virus outbreak pushes a button. All “sleeper racists” are woken. The public perception of Asian being “model minority” immediately reverts back to good old disease carriers. And up till now some ppl still think we live in a “post-racial” society.
Disturbing footage shows an elderly Asian man being attacked in San Francisco. Police are now investigating the incident as a potential hate crime 
March 8 is International Women's day. Nikkei Asian Review meets 11 inspiring female leaders in Asia. #InternationalWomensDay #IWD2020 
#BABYMETAL's Asian Tour And KNOTFEST JAPAN Have Been Postponed This includes all 4 solo shows in Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, and Taiwan, as well as KNOTFEST JAPAN. No announcement yet on PULP SUMMER SLAM (Philippines festival in May). More info+links:  
How are you going to see a video of my perfect, beautiful half Asian baby AND STILL BE RACIST? 
"Let us be clear," the county said in its press release. "No one will catch this virus simply from enjoying a meal at their favorite spot in the Jade District or patronizing any other Asian American-owned business."  …
Lots of people, well wishers and friends, were asking for my perception of the Afghan peace accord. Instead of just 240 letters, I wrote this piece in The Asian Age.  …
U seen “YOUNG ASIAN EASTER BUNNY LOVES SUCKING COCK AND GETTING FUCKED” ? crazy ass video
"We're doing very well with the  We're doing very well with the  That is NOT an answer about how you're going to win the black vote. I am sorry.
This is a *great* episode of Code Switch and if you haven’t read one of @prof_erikalee’s other books, The Making of Asian America, fix that immediately.  …
This is absolutely insane that people are actually DUMB enough to think that just bc someone is asian they’re infected. i cannot believe some humans are actually this mentally challenged. this is SAD. Fuck yall  …
Excited to see @NAR spotlight 11 Asian women trailblazers in the  magazine issue, with @hoccgoomusic featured on the cover and a profile of her by @michan_hk.  
MY FELLOW ASIAN SISTERS WATCHING PPL BE RACIST TOWARDS US BC OF THE VIRUS AND YALL STILL WANT TO BE COLONIZED?? WHOSE SIDE ARE U ON
When Xenophobia Spreads Like A Virus The anti-Asian harassment has been reported in the U.S. and other majority-white countries like Australia, Canada, Germany and the UK.  theme: Witnesses and bystanders were slow to intervene. #COVID19  …
Oh my god, @aliwong describing San Francisco as “an Asian Wakanda” just made me guffaw
 sense and calling out xenophobia means I‘m pandering to Asian women now huh? I just know your brain is smooth as hell  …
BINGO. The Asian nations are LYING THROUGH THEIR TEETH just as Communist China has been. This is far worse than being reported so don't trust ANY government from this point forward. They do not have your family's best interests at heart.  …
“People think it’s Armageddon,” said Josh Berkowitz, owner of a kosher Asian fusion restaurant. Most of his customers are quarantined. Employees make deliveries, setting the food outside  into contact with the people behind the front door.  …
Y'all i think black widow should be pushed back since China and asian are a big market for Marvel and due to corona virus it might hurt its chances to reach $1B Natasha deserves that much box office after waiting for sooo long 
This gives me hope in the Asian American electorate.  …
Honestly the best thing (also pretty sad) so far about the coronavirus right now is that there is literally 0 lines at any Asian restaurants That being said... people should stop discriminating against Asians — see post below  …
Name is Asa but people call me Blanco I owned an asian inspired clothing brand called imported from Asa producing dope cultural Chinese satin lined hoodies  hand sewn by muah 
Sheena ( @sheenzj_) and I are purchasing a table for the Indo-Canadian Women's Association annual gala, which this  International Women's Day. Justice R. Khullar is the keynote. We have 8 free tickets for South Asian law students or undergraduate students 
1) i am from california! yay! 2) i also refuse to be the cheery, happy, smiley, asian woman stereotype that the media industry perpetuates by only hiring those women! (but also tbh i just can't act) 
Sexy Asian Twink Gets Fucked By Irregular Sleep Cycle.
Biden wins: Black voters Bernie wins: Latino voters, Asian American voters I care very much about the  and am in endless solidarity with them bearing in mind a uniquely terrible history and uniquely terrible consequences of that history But we're POC too ya know
AB: I'm writing about the toilet-paper buying panic, I'm going to need a picture of an Asian buying toilet paper. Pic Ed: Um, I've checked every picture taken across the Australia and they're all white folk. AB: So search the globe. 
White people afraid to sit next to an Asian on the train but will still wear shoes in their home hmmm
There is something unique and exceptional happening on U.S. multiple campuses tomorrow. #DesiAmericans - Indian Americans/South Asian Americans- primarily of second generation who grew up in the U.S.  out to speak against Hindu nationalist bigotry and violence in India  …
all of your imaginary asian canadian girlfriends voted for bernie today
Kudos to South Asian students who recognize that staying silent in this moment actually means choosing the side of the oppressor. Support students who are organizing #AHoliAgainstHindutva on college campuses on March  …
I love that Sumalee is Soji's mom! Seeing a mixed Asian person have an Asian mom on TV is a big deal and makes my heart so full! Also I get really excited whenever I see someone I know on any STAR TREK!  …
A group of social justice-minded, South Asian students  together to oppose #Hindutva ( @Students_A_H). What is Hindutva? Why is it so dangerous? Check out this THREAD, a primer on Hindutva and its history:  … #AHoliAgainstHindutva
#SonoyaMizuno had conversations with #Devs filmmaker #AlexGarland on Asian representation in film & TV. While she still had to audition and a lot to prove to the Devs team, that influence could have played a role in creating an Asian lead in  …
It's sickening to see that nobody came to the defense of this Asian guy whose bravery I applaud..
5days left nalang fam! #MORHot10 @mor1019 Meant To Be by Edward Barber #MayWard #MaymayEntrata #EdwardBarber @maymayentrata07 @Barber_Edward_ 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Edward Barber vs Porsche | Starmometer  …
He singled out an Asian man, not because he showed any signs of illness, but because he is Asian. And that’s not racist how???
#WomensFootball When India hosted the Women's Asian Cup in 1980, the final between India (South) and Chinese Taipei saw a turnout of 65200 spectators And it wasn't a one-off, here's attendance figures of other IND (S) games - 25000, 30000, 15500, 45050. 25520 and 50000
This goes to all the instances of harassing East Asian looking person around the world allegedly because of #coronavirus fears. That’s not how you act if you really fear #COVID19 infection. It’s just an excuse to act out your racism.
It’s so interesting how people  ignoring Asian Americans in this thread.
i dunno who needs to hear this, but it is not "cute" or "endearing" to see an asian person and even playfully imply that they have coronavirus
I'm afraid more of this  Fellow Asian friends, so let's be ready to respond like this man. As hard as it is, we need to be gracious.  …
It's great that racism against Asian people is really out in the open now. We've always known it was never taken as seriously and so never really highlighted. So we are getting to see how some people really feel about us, and what kind of imams they are.
I was just in the elevator at my building & this Asian girl got in with me. When she came in she stood facing the wall, so I asked if she was okay & she said she wasn’t sure if I’d hit her because she was Asian PEOPLE FUCKING SUCK. She shouldn’t have to live like that.
you don’t know awkward until you’re asian and you sneeze in an airport
A team of Chilean health experts is set to visit China to learn the Asian country's experience in containing COVID-19 outbreak 
Have you ever try to imagine how you would feel if someone is doing that to YOUR CHILD?! Why don’t you treat people like how you want to be treated? I blame the parents for not educating them. Enough is enough. Again not a single Asian in NYC is infected. #coronavirus #racist
seeing black ppl justifying the racism asian ppl are experiencing rn makes my head explode y’all look dumb
#Trailblazers: Midwives are being taught with new technology to reduce mortality rates which are disproportionately high in black, asian and ethnic minority pregnancies 
No, we're not stockpiling. We're just Asian. 
Please talk to your family/friends about the absurdity anti-Asian sentiment when discussing #COVID19
Gonna need news orgs to srsly make good choices about what imagery they are choosing to use in their articles about the #COVID19. That shit is having severe real world impact on the  Stop using exclusively Asian faces when talking about this disease in America.
addressing the prejudice and fear about #coronavirus that is already cropping up in areas where there is a large Asian, especially Chinese population -- @IAmAmnaNawaz reports from San Francisco, a city coping with several cases already @NewsHour
You know asian twitter will be about faizaan and amna today
Today I was called Juan and then a few hours later someone said I don't look like a "Vargas." I'm Latin to some, look too Asian to others. To  I replied with: I'm Filipino. And I live in California, where at least 2 million Filipinos reside. @DefineAmerican
since it’s  a bigger issue, i just want to reinstate the fact that the coronavirus is not an excuse to be xenophobic to chinese and/or asian people.
WDYM ALL BTS CONCERTS IN ASIA ARE CANCELLEDT?!?+")""! WHATS THERE TO CANCEL?????????? THERES NO ASIAN TOUR DATES
hi media outlets! i went ahead and created this free-to-use, ethnically ambiguous image of a person in a mask that you can use for future coronavirus coverage, instead of using photos of random uninvolved asian people and stoking xenophobia 
"It has always been exhausting to be Asian in America, but at the moment we’re particularly on edge, wary of being the target of the next hate crime or racist jeer." – 
Map of the Soul: 7 has debuted at #1 in Hungary! This is @BTS_twt's FIRST ever #1 album in Hungary, and also first ever for an Asian act. Map of the Soul: 7 has now charted #1 in 19 countries! 
That's the song without the ft, iconic the only relevant asian act, now stream 
2020 Motto: Wash Your Hands and Don't Be Racist DO be a good ally to Asian friends, neighbors, and businesses. Call out xenophobic jokes. Taking charge of your personal health is how we're going to beat this virus best, and we do that by looking out for one another.  …
My bosses are Asian and there were these women that walked in and instantly covered their noses near them, but when they came up to me, they magically could breathe the air again. And they wonder why I gave them so much attitude
Apparently this happened: a white couple bulking and harassing an Asian lady; find these fuckers 
This the same bitch that calls Asian people nasty and triflin? This one here????  …
NEW VIDEO! This one's personal. I discuss all the anti-Asian sentiment that's happening around the world relating to Coronavirus and share my own personal perspective on it as an Asian-American living in Seattle. Please watch/share (if the spirit moves):  …
My 250th paper on SSRN 'The Right to Privacy in Asian Constitutions' is at  …> . Strong constitutional rights are the foundation of an effective data privacy law. Pity we don't have either in Australia ... @apf_oz
this video has 0 to do with corona it was literally done years ago. taking false information to make it look like chinese people are purposefully spreading the coronavirus is absolutely disgusting especially when asian people are being attacked rn.
Faizaan and Amna broke up? Watch every Asian girl tweet they don’t believe in love anymore. Aka me.
SOUTH ASIAN AMERICANS: Why do you oppose the violent political ideology of Hindutva? 1. Join Mar 4th 8pm EST Twitter action 2. Use #AHoliAgainstHindutva 3. Tag  …
A lot of the way we talk about Asian people, even in Nigeria here, is very racist, including how we judge their food.  …
this is exactly whats happening in my tl rn, as my fellow asian armys are now waking up ssksjshdksjsk i wish yall could see how chaotic my tl is 
Every time I see someone mad at an Asian joke I remember how no one said a thing when Ebola jokes were a thing
asian men aren't desirable? fuck yeah, we love 2 c it  …
to all the fuckheads in slidell:  to places like sogo and interrogating the asian workers about coronavirus you look like fucking idiots
hi!! idrk what i am but i know i’m some type of asian #pocsos 
We must also confront the xenophobia perpetuated by the response to coronavirus. Reports have indicated reduced patronage at Asian-owned businesses, not to mention  & attacks based on false associations between Asian-Americans & coronavirus.  …
Why do people think every Asian person is “Chinese”?
Asian Katycats are finally waking up. Let's keep on tweeting! #NeverWornWhite 
At worst, it serves as racist fear-mongering that can provoke incidents of physical violence against Asian people in America. 
As coronavirus dominates the headlines, Asian Americans across the country have reported being harassed and verbally assaulted in public. It ties into a long history in the U.S., in which xenophobia has often been camouflaged as concern for public health. 
Hello, please don’t avoid Chinatown / Asian restaurants due to coronavirus fears. Not only is the #yegfood delicious but the prices are also great as are the people. Plus bonus feel-good points for not being racist lol #yegchinatown #exploreedmonton #yeg 
Had an audition today where the creatives behind the table were Asian. Wasnt my best, and I might not be right for the part. But just w their presence it felt like they were genuinely rooting for me, and less like I had to prove myself. Actor life is hard, but that felt good
#NCT127 ( @NCTsmtown_127) are heroes in their own right in the video for #NCT127_KickIt, a powerful and stylish display of Asian identity  …
Latinos are expected to be the largest minority voting group in 2020, and campaigns have taken notice. Asian-Americans are also the fastest growing racial group in the country, and one that leans heavily Democratic. Here's how they voted on Super Tuesday: 
Yesterday, I joined @FrankieHeredia to meet with small business owners in Mesa’s Asian District. Locally owned businesses like these play a vital role in Arizona’s economy  and I’m always interested to hear what can be done to support them. 
The constant erasure of Asian Americans is harmful and hurtful. And sadly unsurprising. After all, the first immigration law that excluded an entire ethnic group was the Chinese Exclusion Act.  …
This is the second video I've seen of a black person acting this way toward an Asian person for fear of the Corona virus.
A #Chinese lawyer is one of two Asian favorites to head the world patent office, a post that would give #Beijing its 5th #UnitedNations leadership role and, according to its critics, an unprecedented level of influence over new  …
I asked about Latinos and Asian Americans. Interesting how so many folks simply erase Asian voters and Asian citizens from the conversation.
just wanna say that it’s really amazing to see the  holding one of their own accountable and defending asians even when the  has a history of ignoring the struggles of black people. it shows real integrity and i hope  can learn from it
I wish this Asian guy was holding a 6 pack of Corona for the next level troll
Combat Fear with Facts! Race and ethnicity are NOT risk factors for the coronavirus. However fear and stigma have significantly impacted Asian and Chinese businesses in Portland and throughout the US. Support our local businesses:  …
TDS563: Self Dronership  … The Death Panel feel the Bern. Pacific Islanders Love the Bloomberg The Asian Question The Feminist Puritan Cenk Triggered Bernie Takes Just Call Them NeoLiberal Voters The Merchant Minute The Buttgig Guys Tend to Stand Over Here 
love that a pic of an asian woman in a mask in bangkok was used for a story about the bond movie premiere potentially being canceled in london 
coronavirus is a cover for anti-asian sentiment that is further spread by bigotry and misinformation. happy 2020 to yellow peril 2020.  …
1. Age 2. Region (Latinx and Asian voters tend to be on the West Coast, Black voters in the South) 3. Biden built long-standing relationships with   
Asian beauty supply and nail salon owners harass and assault black costumers..they set up their liquor stores and quick loan offices in the most disenfranchised black neighborhoods..they’re rarely vocal about the anti blackness in 
I’m disgusted right now. I’m on a train and a white woman started hassling an Asian man wearing a mask. There was shouting and I checked the guy was okay, he said, “yes, we have to respect everyone.” Coronavirus is NOT an excuse to be racist.
My understanding is that this is largely an age effect, that the median age of Latino and Asian voters is considerably younger than black voters.
I want to read the story that looks at why black voters when for Biden but Latino and Asian voters went for Sanders.  …
These "South Asian" activists are trying to control the discourse and history of India, Indian people, and even Indian-Americans. This is a huge problem. They are taking over archives, controlling flow of information, documents, narrative. They are literally writing history.
i think we can all agree that asian doll has the best artwork out of the new rap girls 
Democrats & @JoeBiden camp have NO CLUE how @realDonaldTrump has gained support from the BLACK HISPANIC  He’s helped them. More jobs & small business owners in the last 3 years, than 8 years of #Obama. He understands the people. 2020 @realDonaldTrump LANDSLIDE
Bernie Sanders says "there's no denying that Joe Biden has done very well with the African  But "if you look at California, if you look at people in color in general, African American, Latinos, Asian Americans—we won that big time."  
If u cover ur face cuz u think im gonna give u corona virus bc im asian im literally gonna lick ur face and spit on it lmao
There's not a single confirmed case of an Asian infected in NYC. Stop discriminating cause the virus definitely doesn't. #racist 
Asian women look so beautiful in 
News and Observer using Asian faces to say the International Festival was cancelled because of coronavirus is a great example of why you should have a diverse newsroom, or at the very least examine your own biases more closely! 
Glad to be a part of the Asian Olympic Project 
Uber should really let you rate your pool passengers. Not fun having a guy touch me constantly after telling him to stop then tell the driver “I hope you get fucked”. And yes, I take uber pools because I am cheap af from my asian upbringing
oh to be an asian with a cough right now on a primarily yt campus
The WHO trying to tell us we aren't allowed to refer to coronavirus geographically - as all the past 4 pandemics were named (Hong Kong; Asian; Spanish; Russian)  woke & oppressive. It's none of their business what we call it. BUT...
With all the news of verbal and physical assaults happening to Asians (predominantly East and Southeast Asian), it's disheartening to be reminded of how normalized and ingrained anti-Asian racism is, and how it will continue long after the coronavirus concern goes away.
Many non-Asians are hoping they can ride out the coronavirus health threat until it's under control. But Asians don't just have to ride out the health threat—we also have to endure the violent anti-Asian racism that's been exposed & exacerbated, & there's no prognosis for racism.
ethnicity: filipino race: asian proud to be: 5sos fan <3 
lil brown boi from a little island in Malaysia. always proud to be Asian. 
Tong Tasting #36: Stopped by Shu Restaurant in West Hartford yesterday to encourage residents to support local Asian-American businesses, which have seen a decrease in activity due to unfair and irrational concerns over the coronavirus. Great meeting topped off with great food. 
Two Asian girls just got on the train and some small minded man covered his mouth and nose with his scarf and is giving them dagger eyes. Mate, you could already have the virus from your white work colleague and do not even know it yet. Don’t associate the virus with ethnicity
So far, the district with the highest % of vote for Andrew Yang in CA is Dist 17 in the Bay Area at 2.7%. It is the only majority-Asian American district in the United States outside of Hawaii.
New to nsfw twitter! My Name is Lin and I’m very sweet • 20, in college • Asian • Bi • Sub & Dom • Kinky • Gamer • Always horny Like and RT to be mutuals. I’m very friendly 
asian girls be fine as hell then BOOM they take off their fake lashes
I am an a 5 ft 4 asian artist. Please send help. I get cold hands easily when i draw therefore I need a hot guy to warm my hands asap. I can draw tiddies  Thank you
here’s your asian latina calum stan 
I’m Asian-American. I’ve spent most of my life trying to be as American as possible. But I ended up making a very Asian film. And I felt more whole than I ever have in my life. I hope the film brings you as much meaning and fulfillment as it has for me. (7/7) 
In the meantime, I denied my Asian identity, pretended my heritage didn’t exist, and did everything I could to fit into a world mostly populated by people who didn’t look like me. (4/7)
It's 1p on the East Coast, so let's continue our look at some of the women & POC we'll be profiling in Comic Book History of Animation with IWAO TAKAMOTO, the greatest Asian-American animator of his generation & the hidden hand behind many of your personal toon faves 1/ 
3/4 chinese, 1/4 indian, proud asian and stan #POCSOS keep streaming old me and no shame 
Asian student victim of racist attack in London: "I don't want your Coronavirus in my country."  
‘Working class’ people ARE in the movement. They are Black and Latinx and Muslim and Asian and Women and middle aged. They have been sacrificing their time and resources to stave off Trump. Why not acknowledge their contribution as a VITAL and FOUNDATIONAL?
I think a lot of discussions surrounding the "de-sexualization" of the Asian male rub me the wrong way because masculinity is such a boring thing to desire and also you either find me attractive or you don't and I don't really need to beg and I'm just over it?
I’m gonna 𝘬𝘪𝘭𝘭 you guys I sWEAR // im in target & I notice this asian woman standing a 𝘤𝘰𝘯𝘴𝘪𝘥𝘦𝘳𝘢𝘣𝘭𝘦 distance away from me in the checkout line so I assumed it was just your stndrd racism so I turned & smiled at her & ...
Kane Blackwell worked for Priti Patel for a year and says in that time he never witnessed any bullying behaviour. He claims some in the establishment are out to get the Home Secretary because she's an asian woman with a right-wing agenda on law and order.
Is it impossible to understand multiple concepts at once? Anti Blackness is wrong. Anti Asian sentiments are also wrong. Nobody  the two. They’re both wrong and are fueling white supremacy. Y’all have to expand your world views  …
It would be helpful if you would remove the paywall on these articles so people can actually read them
Trump silent as coronavirus inspires wave of anti-Asian racism  …
Me walking into the library and seeing all the asian couples there 
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Ten vs Wen Junhui  …
The fact the Dr Ferrer didn't get to the mic until two elected officials denounced decreased traffic at LA's Asian restaurants, tells you everything about LA politics. They did that, now they're haranguing us into trusting them. @KFIAM640
name one cali asian dude that dont look like this 
Being an Asian American fan of hers just makes it hurt more :(
Tip for white people: If you want to stockpile dry food, head to a "cash and carry" in an Asian dominated area. You could buy a year's supply and still not dent their stock
If Biden really wants to rebuild the Obama coalition, he must get to work on his outreach to Hispanic, Asian, Native, and younger voters. He also needs to choose a VP, that will attract the youth, and a racial coalitions of voters. And someone needs to write his speeches now.
Artificial roosting sites are much-needed resting spots for the tens of thousands of migratory shorebirds that traverse the East Asian-Australasian Flyway. 
For all my S. Asian followers, both homeland & diaspora, I have joined India's finest podcast to discuss the history, misconceptions, & gospel of LEMURIA. Where is Lemuria? Can whites be Lemurian? Which Indian reply guys are Lemurian & which aren't? All the answers are here.  …
Allow me the pleasure of presenting my first LOL tweet: LOL. It's not that whites aren't being discriminated against in admission to selective colleges -- they clearly are -- but the amount of it at the most prestigious schools is less than that experienced by Asian-Americans.  …
Just gonna put this warning out there for Ole Miss. If I see ya being racist to an Asian bc of this virus, then I’m boxing. Hope your hands ready.
Just sharing some credit where due for last night’s spectacular win for #NotMeUs here in California! Asian-American women are holding it down on the Sanders campaign across the state. We’re grateful both for their dedication and their leadership.  …
“the harassment has been intense for Asian Americans across the country—regardless of ethnicity, location or age.”  …
Unless the Asian person in your header photo for your article about COVID-19 is a physician, policy expert, or elected official featured in the article, pick a different picture my dudes.
We have the first gay superhero, the first south Asian superhero, the first deaf superhero, the first Korean superhero, all in this mainstream Hollywood film - Kumail Nanjiani
And if YOU @BorisJohnson thinks that surrounding yourself with Asian Ministers to do you Thug Work, works in order to look LESS Racist, it will never work with me, or the rest of the more intelligent folks. #Patel clearly loves being your lackey.
when do we get to stop explaining this? when will As/Am political history/context  taken-for-granted; when will we be able to assume readers know it, so “another [Asian] American [researcher] won’t have to write that history?” (Maxine Hong Kingston)? (2/4) 
5 Asian-Themed Board Games made by Asian people that I think you will love: A Thread 
reviewing a paper on asian/americans in STEM. as with any paper i’ve ever read on asian/americans, the lit review explains the MMM, the forever foreigner stereotype, the heterogeneity among those identified as asian/american… on the one hand, yes. important context. OTOH, (1/4)
Two days ago I woke up to a  from someone assuming I have coronavirus because I’m Asian. Today I woke up to someone throwing a tantrum because I do not make the kind of explicit content they want. Please be kind and respectful to content creators/sex workers.
Voices we would love to hear more from include: Latinx, Black, South Asian, South East Asian, Middle Eastern, and their diasporas. Also, Indigenous and especially 2S creators. We would also love to see more voices at the intersection of BIPOC and disability and transness.
After men yelling "Chinese" tried to punch Jiye Seong-Yu off her bike, she started a Google survey for East Asian people in Europe who experienced racist attacks they believe were linked to the coronavirus outbreak. She received more than 100 responses:  …
Austrian Albums #1 MOTS: 7 (debut) Austrian Singles #23 ON Feat. Sia (debut) MOTS: 7 is the first Asian Album to get #1 in Austria! #VoteBTS #KCA @BTS_twt
House Of Commons Live Reporting That Coronavirus Originated Form South Asian Butcheries So Why Havent We Banned Halal Slaughter ? Ban Halal Now 
Sorry, but if I happen to exist in public and someone gives me the stink eye because I'm Asian and they think I might have coronavirus because they are racist, I'm gonna have a coughing fit in their direction. I will chase down racists while coughing.  …
Map of the Soul: 7 has debuted at #1 in Austria! This is @BTS_twt's FIRST ever #1 album in Austria, and also first ever for an Asian act. Map of the Soul: 7 has now charted #1 in 18 countries! 
Hello Asian Interview (9) Staff: Bright, you tweeted that ‘You will take it seriously.’ for the third episode. What does it mean? Bright: I’m gonna flirt with him. #2getherTheSeries #winmetawin #bbrightvc #brightwin #ไบร์ทวิน 
When Asian's ARMY will go to bed No one : Literally no one : Bighit : 
Instead of promoting my own work, I'm going to promote the jam I'm hosting with @BabblegumSam & @TheDovetailor. #AsianMartialArtsJam is for Asian analogue game creators making games relating to Asian Martial Arts. It's running from March through to April.  …
Anti-Asian racism because of Coronavirus is real and many of us are experiencing it all around the country. This breaks my heart.  …
Racism against Asian people gets so overlooked. Some of y’all straight up be saying “Ching Chong nail lady corona virus ” and then follow up with “I was just being silly!!” No love you were being racist.
Anti-Asian violence is breaking out everywhere...media has a responsibility to stop the xenophobia and racism they are perpetuating and we need to speak up too. Every one of us. Or more people will get hurt or worse....please...  …
This controversy highlights how raciolinguistic ideologies can be used as a marketing tool that upholds such things as the white male gaze and the sexual availability of Asian women.  …
If you’re Asian, Black, White, Latino, Native or whatever I wish you good health & wealth. I love good ppl & have surrounded myself with them
it actually makes me so mad when ppl r rude to my friends and i if we cough in public just bc we’re asian. u do Not have to go up to us and say “u better cover ur damn mouth” and then stare at us maliciously jesus christ
The cuisine showcased at Cafe At-Your-Mother-in-Law in Brooklyn, New  the kick of Korean cuisine with the heartiness of Uzbek and Central Asian fare. 
Trump silent as coronavirus triggers wave of anti-Asian racism: In LA, man verbally harassed a Thai American woman, saying how "every disease has ever came from China," and claiming falsely,  from China because they're fucking disgusting."  …
it’s 2020 and people are still calling calum white or asian ,,,,, he’s made it clear what he is and he’s proud. y’all need to get some serious help pls.
A British classic given an Asian spin – sausage roll with duck and plum sauce 
It seems like several Asian countries have implemented effective internal controls to drastically slow the spread of infection but we’re maybe gonna start testing people soon?
this corona virus panic is fueled by racism & hysteria not evidence or genuine concern. NOTHING justifies being rude to me because I’m asian. AGAIN good morning, stop harassing me pLEASE
Dear Democrats, we all look to you for our cues on wokeness. So- help us understand. In your presidential race, the black people were eliminated first. Then the Asian people. Then the gay. Then the women. And in the end,  down to 2 rich, old, straight white men. 
"As I was a minority, @BTS_twt phenomenon is thrilling. Asian grp that doesn't speak perfect English dominating the mainstream music outside Asia. Artists expressed their own way how impactful msgs of BTS." Kang Yi Yun #BestFanArmy #BTSARMY 
Asian & Asian American listeners told us that they've been experiencing xenophobic harassment everywhere, regardless of their age, ethnicity or location. It's been happening on public transit, the street & in schools—and bystanders have been slow to help.  …
Unpopular opinion but I don't think its racist for people to be cautious around coughing Asian people. I think most people are cautious around anyone coughing today, so not sure all these videos of people covering their faces when a sick Asian is present is really a "gotcha"
FIRST LOVE (Japan). A boy and girl fall in love in this romantic movie. Fuck, I lied. This is Takashi Miike’s film where blood and gore are norms + beheadings are like side dishes at McDonald’s. Nominated for Best Asian Film at Neuchâtel. Not for everyone #RekomenFilem 
People of East Asian descent in Europe and the United States have reported racist attacks linked to coronavirus fears  …
Here's your Asian Goddess, I'm tired of you lurkers and time wasters; just get off of findom. If I don't want you here, neither do ANY OTHER DOMMES. Real subs cum and $end to me. { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme } 
As coronavirus dominates the headlines, Asian Americans across the country have reported being harassed and discriminated against in public. "It just reminds me that when people look at us, they don't see us as American," one man says. 
@iHrithik talks about Rado, being the Sexiest Asian and handling success, controversies and attention #HrithikRoshan #Rado #Chennai Last Part of the Interview | 
Actually my response was ‘Well I’ve been Asian for 34 years. How about you?’ I knew I hadn’t got the part at that point funnily enough.  …
saying “idgaf if you’re black/white/purple” and recirculating a decade old video that perpetuates negative stigmas against Asian folk is xenophobia, stop acting purposely dense in my mentions you fucking dweeb.
Coronavirus is not an excuse to be racist to Asian ppl.
@AndrewYang is STILL the most visible Asian American in politics right now  … @karenyuan_ @FortuneMagazine - wait until Thursday and 2024!
Ash Sarkar sees racism in everything. Here she is blaming homelessness amongst the  on racism. Whatever the reason, you can bet it is NOT racism. 
In fact, when was the last time you've seen Asian people lined up to support a Black Business? They want your Blackness with your Black dollars you worked hard for. Time to remove your rose colored glasses.
There's a lot of anti-Asian sentiments and xenophobia regarding the coronavirus.
I can't believe I need to say this but, Chinese-Americans and other Asian-Americans living in the United States are not specifically at risk of COVID-19. They ARE at risk of social stigma. Go to Chinatown. Support businesses. Don't be a racist dickhead.  …
Concerning  KS starts boosting their Orientalist project. Asian professional raise concerns. Fellow Asians make a thread to promote one another's works. Reply guy showing their whole ass...oh wait... it's DungeonD*ning? On an alt account?? Well, I never! 
“Young people from black, Asian or minority ethnic (BAME) backgrounds are much more likely to have unstable employment than white people of the same age – and it’s affecting their mental health.” 
My Chinese partner and I phonebanked for you @chesaboudin. We don’t even live in CA. What happened to that Asian man is a hate crime and elder abuse. CJR cannot be done at the expense of delegitimizing hate crimes against Asians.
Skai Jackson liked this post Sunmer Walker posted in response to backlash. Skai Jackson is 17 & old enough to know better than this. Summer Walker tried doubling down on what she said. Like, nah. You posted a video spreading propaganda & hatred directed at Asian people. 
Exactly . There’s a video going around of a white woman covering her nose when an Asian woman got on the subway. It’s reinforcing this negative stereotype and when she was informed she doubled down and only deleted it for her label.
As #COVID19 spreads around the world, so does racism and discrimination against Ontario's  With fear  chronic xenophobia, causing Chinese businesses  to suffer greatly.”  …
If they drink water in India.. they'll call it spicy too
Okay Sherlock Fam, because of HS2 and road constructions as well as a massive lack of Asian tourists, Speedy's Café is struggling. If you're in London and have time to pop down there for a meal, please do!
Please support Asian people during this time. The increased racism and xenophobia is outrageous and disgusting! The corona virus does not discriminate, Karen.
and everyone else just stared at me and the driver. I asked him does this happen to you often? he said that ever since the COV happend people have been refusing to get inside just because he’s asian. For real the look on his face I felt so bad so I snapped at all of them.
I AM FCKING DISGUSTED RN I HATE IT HERE I HATE IT! there was an asian man who is the bus driver of this certain bus I use to go home. When he came to our station EVERYONE at the stop refused to go inside just because the driver was asian. Well me being me I went inside +
Disturbing footage shows an elderly Asian man being attacked in San Francisco. Police are now investigating the incident as a potential hate crime 
Both Biden and Sanders’ coalitions defy the easy generalizations you see often on this website—both are cross class, cross-racial coalitions with Biden winning black voters substantially and Sanders doing better with Latino and Asian American voters.  
first of all racism towards asians aint funny, not all asians carry covid-19. this is xenophobic. secondly calum aint even asian whats up w some yall you know he doesnt appreciate people poking fun at his bloodline. no ur not funny ur just racist.
Front bench with two Asian women and an Asian man. The people who constantly piss and moan about representation of women and minorities aren’t happy because they’re the WRONG ones. Oh I see. So it’s almost as if not all women and brown people are the same.
This is precisely why I can't with a certain segment of Asian American Twitter lol I am begging some of u to read basic stuff about China  …
Giving you the first look at Wild Lights: Asian Lantern Festival @LouisvilleZoo! It opens  – at Louisville Zoo
and those specific people happen to be Asian thus propagating the false narrative about the coronavirus and Asians
Her face makes me wanna rip my eyeballs out  …
To my Asian followers, I am so sorry for what you’re going through these past few months. I mean I’m especially sorry for East and South Asians. You are loved, and we know that you have nothing to do with this.
So many celebrities  out as Anti-Asians and nobody is doing anything. I mean from canceling their Asian tour to not be around them, to calling them nasty, to making fun of their accents, their culture and their eyes’ shape for East/South Asians. CANCEL THEM TOO.
Joe Biden won NC yes but did you see that state treasurer race?!  Ronnie Chatterji faces incumbent Dale Folwell in Nov. Fun fact: If he wins, Chatterji will be the first Asian-American elected to any NC statewide office. @michaelngraff’s  …
asian kids would never
#SakshiChaudhary advances to the quarterfinals of the Asia-Oceania Olympic Boxing Qualifier in women’s 57 kg after beating #4 seed and Asian Games bronze medalist Thailand’s Nilawan Techasuep 4-1. @KirenRijiju @DGSAI @RijijuOffice @BFI_official @PMOIndia 
Asian countries are either barring Italians to enter their countries or quarantining them. They're doing what we should have done if it wasn't for the mental masturbation of the left . In the name of political correctness they have created a mess! #ItalyCoronavirus
i just watched an RTHK show about the deaf HK athletes and they had negotiated for years and finally got permission to hold the asian (?) games in HK...in 2019 it was canceled due to “social unrest” the movement is so important, but we should also rmbr the marginalized
Apparently Twitter only knows america and recognises europe as a country
stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian  …
Congratulations to the Tourism Bureau for winning Best East Asian Film at #Japan World’s Tourism Film Festival with its promo short. Watch to find out why #Alishan in #Chiayi County is a must-see attraction for foreign visitors to southern #Taiwan.  
Ikr.. like Europe isn't a whole continent with white people that have their own cultures, traditions and foods
Excuse you but I always wash my pizzas first
Paedophile enabling police remain quiet & cover up to protect the ring! They will even go as far as arresting an innocent father, Tommy Robinson, who protected his daughter from Asian Paedos! What's more they never examined their mobile phones, the police just let them go free!  …
I’m saddened that I have to remind people that Asian-owned businesses are safe in our state. Some are seeing a 30% drop in sales since the Coronavirus fears spiked.  …
dear white people, my fellow asian people, and non black people in general, you can be funny without saying the n word bro. it's okay bro. i'll laugh. we'll all laugh.
Map of the Soul: 7 has debuted at #1 in Switzerland! This is @BTS_twt's FIRST ever #1 album in Switzerland, and also first ever for an Asian act. This is also Map of the Soul: 7's seventeenth #1 debut! 
Yungblud has postponed his  Asian tour  
and fried everything
Indian boxer Sakshi Chaudhary (57kg) advances to quarterfinals of Asian Olympic Qualifiers, upstaging fourth seed Nilawan Techasuep of Thailand. #Tokyo2020
What do u expect. They spread some salt and pepper and call it seasoning...
Given that Covid-19 is now on every continent and the WHO says facemasks are only necessary if in direct contact with someone who is ill, we really should stop using pictures of Asian people in facemasks in every news story
So with the 3 fish I was kindly given, I made 2 Asian style dishes - 1. snapper with coriander, chilli, sesame oil , ginger, garlic, soy sauce and honey and 2. Snapper with miso sugar sauce with lime, ginger, sesame oil and spring onion. And 3. a fish mornay 
I’ve eaten red bean many a times, I am Asian. That was defo chocolate. The texture is not the same.
Another reminder. A virus has no race. Don’t treat Asian people like it’s their fault. It’s not. Fox News should be ashamed. Jesse Walters should be fired. But of course Fox should be fired in general.
As the #coronavirus spreads around the world, discrimination against people of East Asian origin is on the rise. Troubling incidents are being reported everywhere from Europe to America. #COVID19 #China  …
BBC Breaking Far right Tommy Robinson arrested after "altercation" We can't tell you the "altercation" involves an "Asian" Who admits sexually assaulting Tommy's daughter But unless we cover up "Asian" sex crimes on kids the problem will never go away  …
their food is unwashed rice, pizza and burgers 
this anti-asian racism is ridiculous and MAD disrespectful. If I see a bitch cover their face when within close proximity of me, imma cough n drop kick their ass. tf. PLS STOP LETTING THE MEDIA MAKE THIS SHIT BIGGER THAN IT RLLY IS. YES, DO TAKE CAUTION. BUT PLS DONT BE A BITCH.
once, someone asked me what my ethnicity was and i said im indian, therefore im asian. and he said youre not asian, youre indian. & i lost it bc theres  misconception that asians are either chinese, japanese or korean. as if darker skinned asians aren't asians ... )-:
On this months episode of “I’m not raciest but....” Being “Aussie” and buying bulk toilet paper Being Asian and buying bulk baby formula this country sometimes I swear...
Nearly 3 months on and athletes who won medals at the South Asian Games aren't even able to meet the PM. Who's fault is it? Surely the Pakistan Sports Board needs to make this happen. Too bad those medal winning athletes aren't local or foreign cricketers.  …
Asian shares struggle despite Fed cut; resurgent Biden boosts U.S. futures  
You know white people aren’t only Americans right
so ur telling me european fashion month is over & a majority of the asian fashion weeks are cancelled..... wtf am i supposed to do now?????? get a job????? have a life????? NO thanks
stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian stop calling calum hood asian
also i‘m not only pissed bc people don‘t respect calums ethnicity but also because it‘s so disrespectful to people who actually are asian. not only that, but also the way some people are genuinely concerned when they see asian people in public and decide to keep distance –
1920: white women can vote 1947: Native folks can vote 1952: Asian Americans can vote 1965: Almost everyone (thanks to Black American leaders) can vote Electoral politics are limited, but shout out and love to the marginalized folks who waited hours to vote today. You're champs.
Racial stereotyping in sport is a huge problem - former bodybuilder @amazinlethi was told she could never be successful as an east Asian woman: 'I felt very unsafe in team sport environments. I was the only Asian kid on my teams - racism had a big impact'  …
While most Asian Markets stabilized or rallied today, Indian Markets see a sharp sell off driven by the belief that neither @FinMinIndia nor @RBI will act Time for proactive action @PMOIndia @nsitharaman
the  faces so much discrimination & their struggles as people of color are by far the least talked about
It takes a certain type of thick to 1. Think someone has #coronavirus just because they're Asian. 2. Think that assaulting them will reduce the chance of transmission. How many stupid #racist thugs have been  …
Later, Africans  that some people are racists..This is totally wrong and nobody deserves to be treated this way. As we preach about protecting yourself from the virus, we should also preach about stigmatization and this stereotype attitude towards asian folks.  …
Let's pause for a moment and consider what an 8-yr-old girl has learned this week. If an Asian man gropes your arse, stay quiet and take it, otherwise the police  protect him and arrest your Dad. Also be grateful he didn't want more.  to England, 2020.
people need to stop making racist jokes about c. he's alrdy mentioned that he doesn't like how people joke about him being an asian. show some fcking respect. as a fan that's the minimum you can do. you're not only disrespecting him but his parents & ethnicity as well.
RT @MillionWomen @WomenandGirlsN @CRASAC @RapeCrisisEandW @centreWJ @womensaid @SBSisters @RefugeCharity @EVAWuk ‘I Am Talking About It Because I Want to Stop It’: Child Sexual Abuse and Sexual Violence Against Women in British South Asian Communities  …
Remember when the whole west coast of Europe invade and colonize Asia, America and Africa for "spices" yet the best they can do are fish and chips, fillet mignon, tapas and bitterballen.
Sorry but as an Italian I have to disagree Our food culture is taken seriously and it IS original.. and we're white But that girl is insane and very stupid obviously
A Chinese student in London has been assaulted in what he calls a racist attack linked to the coronavirus. The  at a time of increasing xenophobia against people of East Asian appearance in the UK and around the world. 
Texas exit polls by race: White (44%): Sanders 32% Biden 29% Latino (31%): Sanders 45% Biden 24% Black (21%): Biden 60% Sanders 17% Asian (2%): Sanders 57% Biden 13% NBC
Swiss Albums #1 MOTS: 7 (debut) #69 MOTS: Persona (25 weeks) + re-entry #72 LY: Answer (7 weeks) + re-entry Swiss Singles #27 ON Feat. Sia (debut) MOTS: 7 is the first Asian Album to debut at #1 in Switzerland Albums chart! #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
Trade Ministry should also help small traders to reduce their dependency on China for the importation of consumables, construction materials, clothing, furniture, kitchenware, and machinery by identifying new markets and negotiating for favourable trade with other Asian nations.
It's literally thousands of white folks doing this for reactions tho
Being Asian doesn’t mean you are from China or sick. The white lady demonstratively shows she opposes the presence of Asians. It‘s like in the 60s the white people would demonstratively get out from the swimming pool where black kids were swimming. Profiling my ass, dude.  …
it's crazy cuz I see dudes walk into the bathroom, piss, and walk right out on the way to the dining hall. But when an Asian cough around them it's red alert time
Some fun facts: black unemployment rate is at an all time low. More than 5 million jobs have been created since Trump’s election. Asian&Hispanic unemployment rates have reached record lows this year. Since the election, 4.6 million Americans have been lifted off food stamps..
Due to be launched on March 8 - International Women's Day - the Women's Party has signed up over 8,000 members, founded as a growing feminism movement has started to emerge in the socially conservative Asian nation. #페미니즘 #IWD2020 #WomensDay  …
Sydney streets with few people. Street after street Asian businesses with no one in them. However did notice Italian & Middle Eastern cafes still trading well despite links to corona virus. Consequences of years of LNP China bashing? Disgraceful.
What’s missed tonight is that @realDonaldTrump has DOUBLED most vote counts of an incumbent President across the Nation. 2016 he got 63+ million votes. His numbers in 2020 are going to be a lot HIGHER! He’s more popular now. More BLACK HISPANIC ASIAN 
i can’t speak for other countries, but it’s interesting how Anti-Asian sentiment in America is so ignored. The first and only time Japanese internment camps like Manzanar were mentioned in class was a brief sentence in my AP US history course. Same w post 9/11 hate crimes. Horrid
seeing the asian/racist jokes being made towards calum makes me so angry, i’ve also heard several jokes in my life about how i look one race when i’m really another or i’m the “calum” of the friend group & that shit is Not funny. how many times do some ppl gotta be told to stop
ch isn't asian. he's been telling people for years, and calling him asian is racist, even if you say it as a "joke" because jokes are supposed to be fucking funny and not just making fun of someone's race
anti-asian racism is very often overlooked, tragically
Amen, my friend. Here in L.A., the Left lies, smears & bullies us ethnic minorities mercilessly! Here's two GOP candidates, Latino & Asian, both native Angelenos, fighting with everything they've got to keep L.A. represented @MikeGarcia2020 
Also I was thinking about Hobi with a veiled bucket hat- JDJWJDJJE a hat + vamp au = veiled hats LMAO But I wanted Hobi in the au have a line for Jin under “Hyung” and it’s more casual and also some traditional Korean (or just Asian) clothing, because they look so elegant 
I worry about the effect the COVID-19 is having on our  I have so many wonderful asian clients, I really hope they’re not feeling  out in public! Can we please start a thread for our gorgeous Asian colleagues who might be struggling! Plz RT
Wear a mask then, covering up suddenly when an asian is spotted ain’t preventative measures.
Why isn’t the  calling her out like they did the black girl with the hair salon  …
My president is Asian goodnight.
just because we like kpop doesn’t mean we find every asian man attractive?? if we find an asian man attractive it’s because we genuinely find them attractive?¿ y’all hype random white boys like nobody’s business but as soon as it’s an asian it’s a fetish? nah y’all gmfu
Danish Albums #4 MOTS: 7 (debut) This is BTS' new peak in Denmark for an Asian Act! #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
my favorite thing about voting demographics is that they really reflect society so well: white men 18-34 white men 35-65 white men 65+ white women 18-34 white women 35-65 white women 65+ college educated white non-college educated white black latino asian
supremacy, but this narrative is actively promoted by the people who live within its structure. This 1500s model of race=ethnicity=culture=nationality was designed to justify slavery and colonization. infighting isn’t going to solve the systematic issues we need to address.
Yeah any Asian moving to Europe for the first time and tasting the local food would instantly understand why the Europeans colonised Asia for the spices  …
by the name I think she’s latina which makes it sooo humiliating, on behalf of the  we don’t claim her the whites can have her
California exit poll reminds me of the result in Nevada: Biden’s lead with black voters much smaller (+20 over Sanders) while Sanders routs with Latino (+34) and Asian (+21) voters. #SuperTuesday
California exit poll. Bernie Sanders wins white voters, Hispanic voters and Asian voters. Joe Biden wins black voters.  
people can like and dislike food without it being racist
the thing is with the guy that's been going viral atm is that he doesn't even show his face and yet everyone's thirsting over him and saying how attractive he is, which makes it seem like it's only bc he's asian...
Asian markets were mixed following the Federal Reserve’s emergency rate cut, Hong Kong’s PMI hit a record low for February and South Korea proposed an extra $9.8bn budget  the coronavirus epidemic. Follow our live coverage here: 
I will worry about Asian representation in US universities when the University of Shanghai worries about white representation at its school, and even then i'll only maybe consider it.
A Chinese student in London has been assaulted in what he calls a racist attack linked to the coronavirus. The  at a time of increasing xenophobia against people of East Asian appearance in the UK and around the world. 
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Battle Round – Kim Taehyung vs BamBam 
Asian Men’s Club Volleyball Championship Pool Composition: Pool A: Thailand A Australia Hong Kong Pool B: Iran Vietnam Thailand B Korea Pool C: Japan Chinese Taipei Kazakhstan Philippines Pool D: Qatar (3rd) Sri Lanka China Uzbekistan Match Schedule:  …
if you’ve been giving any asian person you see side eye, or covering your faces around them, or are associating corona virus with all asian people like a racist piece of shit, please delete me on everything, thanks!!
Summer Walker spewing xenophobia towards Asian folk w a platform of 2.4 million followers is mad disturbing.
Like theres was one video i remember seeing if some girl trying either seaweed chips or green kit kats, and bro she was HURLING, like just the driest most intense gagging youve ever hearf
three steps guide to COVID-19: 1. wash your hands properly and regularly 2. bring a sanitizer with you everywhere you go 3. don’t be racist and xenophobic to every asian you encounter
I find it real funny how summer walker loves the whole anime girl aesthetic but turns around and is racist to asian people and spreads fake ass news to fit her racist narrative she’s a racist 
asian people are so trifling then stop jocking parts of our culture 
2020 #SuperTuesday war room @UCLALuskin with #LPPI policy fellows, founders, & experts downloading data on Virginia, Texas, California, Colorado, & more to track the #LatinoVote & Asian American Vote 
This makes me soft! Imagine someone not from your country, embracing and supporting SB19 and saying that they are the BEST ASIAN GROUP HE HAS EVER SEEN IN 20 YRS!!! Thank you for supporting SB19! #MarchMasayaWithSB19 #MORHot10 Alab by SB19 @mor1019 
You're clearly just a hermit troll, but there's a difference between being cautious by wearing a mask EVERYWHERE, and covering your mouth with a cloth that provides no protection when in the presence of Asian individuals. At this pt ANYONE can have it. Don't be ignorant.
how coronavirus is exposing and spreading anti-Asian racism. i see u.
Summer Walker is so trifling like girl how you openly racist on social media? She didn’t even think about the feelings of her Asian fans and how you that dumb and ignorant at your big age
Anyways : finding an Asian attractive DOES NOT MEAN I'm feeding into a fetish. Some of my irls need to hear this 
that’s not the point. the point is that you have a huge platform and the caption of the video was “people in China seen spreading the corona virus”, and it was a video from 2 years ago. you’re spreading a false rhetoric of Chinese/East Asian people. 
There's a wiki page that's keeping track of anti-Chinese and anti-Asian harassment/attacks related to COVID-19. It's a global problem.  …
if you are asian and don’t like the flavoring styles of lychee, mango and melon you are a disgrace
Covering your mouth around Asian people is racist. Switching to the other side of the sidewalk when you see a black person is racist. Not allowing middle eastern people on planes is racist. Just case you are an actual moron who doesn’t see how disgusting your behavior is.
idk who needs to hear this but if you're genuinely being racist to asian people or people from china/hong kong/korea etc because you think for some stupid reason that they have coronavirus chances are that you are 100% a moron - ditter
“What’s all this asian cartoon stuff? Can we watch a movie instead??” 
Still extremely ignorant to assume that it’s all Chinese/Asian people. Yes it originated there, but just because you see an Asian person cough nearby doesn’t mean they automatically have the virus.
I literally just witness this guy on the bus tell this Asian guy who wore a mask to take it off because it’s super “frightening” I literally had to go off on dude I’m so f*cking pissed right now I’m shaking I had to get off the bus
I was subjected to the #ADG (Asian Death Glare) by my Japanese mother all during my childhood but I’ve always believed the Korean umma #ADG is ten times scarier. @KimsConvenience @SimuLiu @jean_yoon @andrewphung @bitterasiandude 
If you’re afraid of the coronavirus don’t get on the subway. What kind of ignorant dumbass doesn’t even wear a mask and touches the seats with her bare hands (people touch their face several times a minute without realizing it) and freaks out over the sight of an asian woman?  …
It’s racist to automatically assume every Asian person has coronavirus for nothing other than the fact that they are Asian yes, yes it is
Coronavirus has ppl being xenophobic towards innocent Asian people meanwhile there’s a white guy at my office (and I’m sure offices everywhere) who literally doesn’t WASH HIS HANDS after TAKING A SHIT please everyone get your priorities straight and redirect your hatred elsewhere
Hey, Asian folks. Please remember how racist America is being towards you all right now and how racist they were during WW2. Please remember this next time you decide to side with yt folks and demean black folks. Please remember this.
That's not self-preservation. Self-preservation would be wearing a mask for the  not suddenly covering her nose and mouth when one Asian person gets on the train.
Just an FYI to other minorities who are racially attacking Asian people because of the coronavirus, just remember, we’ve ALL dealt with racism before. It’s already bad that we get it from white people, it’s worse that we get it from other  
The funniest shit just happened to me on the train. This Asian man approached towards my direction to sit next to me but when he realised I was black, he left and went 2 sit near dis English lady.....guess what happened next? The English lady stood up and came 2 sit next 2 me
Hey #TTRPG twitter friends! I need more Asian/half-Asian creators to follow. I love you all but I want to see more stuff created by people who look like me. It gives me hope and inspiration and I desperately need more of that in my life. Tag your faves so I can support cool ppl!
really really really getting tired of the blatant racism and xenophobia that chinese/ asian people in general are having to deal with because of this virus........ like...... REALLY tired
It’s so ridiculous because she has so many Asian fans who support her & buy her music. & She’s so disrespectful. People even tried explaining to her how the video is old & not true. She refused to delete the video & even say sorry. YIKES.. I wish she would stfu. Gawd damn. 
Black, Asian, Native, and Latinx women have often rallied for the same rights as white women without the same results. 
East Asian people. You bring your partner home to your parents for the first time. What advice do you give them? I’ll go first: Eat everything they offer you. If you’re full, you tell me and no one else.
Summer Walker posted this video on IG spreading anti-Asian & xenophobia propaganda. The video is literally TWO years old. It has nothing to do with the coronavirus. This is so ignorant & dangerous. Especially with the increased hate crimes directed at Asian people. 
That's the thing though, nobody ever calls finding white males attractive Fetishization because they see it as natural, they might jokingly say "they like white boys" at the most. But when people find Asian men attractive it has to be pinned down to some type of fetish
That has nothing to do with my tweet, it was funny observation also by your logic only Asians are allowed to have sympathy no1 else Not like the  is active in anyone else’s causes but yes Asians had a Field day w/ Ebola i’m sure they’ll thank you for ur tweet 
Ppl saying "she's being cautious not racist" fail to realize that Italy and Iran are among the countries most affected by COVID-19. Covering your face w a scarf (which wont protect you) cuz you are in the proximity of an Asian (you don't even know is Chinese) is racist PERIOD.  …
That's not self preservation, that's racism and ignorance. How many of the 9 who've died on US soil were Asian? How many of those infected in Italy are Asian? It may have started in China, but it's now spread past that and ANYONE she runs into could potentially have it. 1/2
we been knew people everywhere are racist but right now is a time we’re sympathizing with asian people because in current time they’re being targeted a lot due to the xenophobia surrounding the corona virus scare. please don’t make this about us.
It's literally made for anyone who wants to eat it tho
That annoys me so much. Go eat a ham sandwich then since they gotta act goofy
Topical in #ttrpg world : my Asian-identifying #rpg creative folx, let's thread-up and boast our work, our voices. GOGOGO RT &
While Democrats are being criticized for ignoring the fastest-growing voting bloc in the country, Republicans are actively engaging the Asian Pacific  ahead of the November election, spreading the winning message of Pres. Trump.  …
Asian Countries: Preventatively close schools for months due to the looming threat of an international pandemic NYC: Ehhh let’s just clean the trains every 3 days #CoronaVirusNewYork
I’m proud to stand with CT’s Asian-American small business owners to let everyone know #COVID19 has nothing to do with our Chinese restaurants, Italian restaurants, or any other local establishments. Go about your daily lives, be careful, and continue supporting local  – at Shu Restaurant
Once, long ago, Rush Limbaugh barfed up a bunch of Klonopin and Everclear while trying to do a racist impression of an Asian. Nobody knew then that the plucky little puddle of drug barf would grow up to be Jesse Watters  …
I mean skin color really has nothing to do with it, but she did overreact. Mochi is damn good.
How many times Black people told everyone that racism is evil? Now others are seeing what we’re talking about. The more people die from Coronavirus in the US the worse it’s going to get for the   …
New @NBCNews exit polls in 12 of 14 Super Tuesday states say the Democratic electorate is: 13% 18-29 23% 30-44 35% 45-64 29% 65+ ** 62% white 18% Hispanic 14% black 3% Asian 3% other ** 26% very liberal 36% somewhat liberal 37% moderate/conservative
The foundation of European and Asian advancement is based on knowledge they stole from the African civilization of Kemet. Modern medicine, chemistry, architecture, biology, astronomy, mathematics, etc, all have their origin in Kemet. 
Coronavirus misinformation is rampant, and has led to discrimination against  and businesses. Listen to advice from experts. Racism and xenophobia are destructive and only further endanger our public health.  …
These Asian Doll x King Von Songs
Hello food lovers of Twitter; here is a map of your  of Asian- and Asian-American owned places in Seattle (I believe some are international chains). I will be updating as  in; send corrections/omissions via Twitter or email.  …
If shit was based on touring then explain how they treat BTS how y'all want to put Spotify in more Asian markets but you don't put Asian acts on these playlists that have an audience, it's still disproportionately English music dominating playlists even those who are flopping  …
Human jager bomb Jesse Watters says all we need to beat coronavirus is "the power of positive thinking" and then brags about eating Chinese food and sitting next to an Asian man on the subway 
#SuperTuesday Exit Poll (NBC): Voters By Race White: 62% Hispanic: 18% Black: 14% Asian: 3% Other: 3% 
if you think it’s okay for korean artists to make music in japanese and chinese, but mock them and drag them for making english music, you’re being xenophobic. you’re insinuating that asian artists are only allowed to make music in asian languages
A French newspaper did similar and called the coronavirus the :"new yellow fever", French people called 911 because they saw an Asian person cough... Its crazy how viruses show how racist people are
Could be coincidence that the "Asian" male and his mates were at the same pool as Tommy Robinson, could be a coincidence that he singled out Tommy's daughter for the sexual assault, could be a coincidence that the "Asian" is now trying to get Tommy imprisoned. But maybe not.  …
If ur avoiding Asian ppl because of the corona virus I’m here to officially diagnose you with: Racism You sound stupid. Wash your hands. Tip your servers.
Normani opened up to Rolling Stone recently about how Camila Cabello's racist Tumblr posts hurt her. Suddenly, a video emerges of Normani mimicking an Asian accent while her Fifth Harmony bandmate Lauren Jauregui does her nails. I- 
#CAPrimary2020 Asian Americans make up almost 15% of California’s population Shocking that no demoRat candidate has reached out to this potential voter market Great opportunity for #TeamTrump . @realDonaldTrump #MAGASquad . @TeamTrump 
Hearing the craziest racist Asian/Coronaivrus stories from friends and some of you who are texting me. For many of you, it's your first interaction with real racism. In some ways, Asians have been more insulated from prejudice by being white-adjacent, but the tides turn fast..
I'm not trying to make a sale here, but clearly so many people don't understand why "mystic Asia" is problematic and damaging to perceptions of Asian characters in TTRPG spaces. This is the entire reason why we started  …
Apparently they've brought on a cultural consultant. Whoever they hired better just tell them to scrap this product and hire Asian creators to work on it from the ground up. That's what any good consultant would do. This product screams of BOTH versions of Oriental Adventures.  …
Watching the Asian-American grocery clerk _desperately_ trying to stifle a random sneeze in front of some white shoppers was an unsettling reminder of the racist world we live in.
Take a look at this newborn Asian elephant! The baby was born last week at England's Chester Zoo. The zoo released video of her first few days, showing baby eating and hanging out with the herd.  
How many viral videos do you see circulation of Asian  hate crimes against other races? How many tweets do you see calling Asians racist, dangerous, and without human empathy?
Idk who needs to hear this but Asian ppl aren’t genetic fucking carriers for the coronavirus. The virus happened to start in China. U can stop using this tragic outbreak as an excuse to push your racist beliefs onto others. 
A British person: y'all just hyping him because he's a Korean with non-korean features The person: literally not Korean and actually a Southeast Asian
You fucks could have had the young hip Asian professor as president but instead you’re fucking every single young person in this country in the ass. Hate to fucking see it.  …
Ngl sometimes I be scared to express attraction towards a cute guy who just so happens to be Asian bc y’all throw the word “koreaboo” around every five secs
Disturbing footage shows an elderly Asian man being attacked in San Francisco. Police are now investigating the incident as a potential hate crime 
A Chinese student in London has been assaulted in what he calls a racist attack linked to the coronavirus. The  at a time of increasing xenophobia against people of East Asian appearance in the UK and around the world. 
So whether you're Hispanic, Asian, Black, or White; whatever gender you identify as; whatever your sexual orientation/religion, #Trump puts #America1st! His capitalistic policies increase prosperity & opportunity for ALL.RT, Reply with your @, Follow all!
How is it when its black men and black women it’s a “preference,” when it’s Asian men and women it’s a “fetish,” when it’s white men and women it’s just the norm bc we’re suppose to find them attractive right? 
I do think it’s annoying that ppl gave 100k to a hot guy with a caption that makes no sense. However I’m more annoyed that you wrote a thinkpiece on it as if it’s so abnormal to give an ASIAN hot guy 100k likes and that it’s automatically fetishization.
Hi there! Considering this setting is "inspired by Imperial Asia", are any Asian creators involved in this project? Have any Asian people been consulted throughout the creation process of this setting to ensure avoidance of Orientalism and cultural appropriation?
the way no one cares about normani mocking asian people just because 1. she isn’t that relevantq 2. people normalize racism against asian people all the time and it’s so disgusting.
If the best candidate for President is a woman, vote for her. If he’s a gay man, vote for him. If the best candidate is Black or Asian or Latino, vote for them. When Americans can remove bias from their votes, we will finally get the best human for the job. #2020Elections
should have clarified when i asked for more asian representation in media that i did NOT mean "in the photo of every coronavirus article"
stop! posting! pictures! of asian people! with masks on! for your coronavirus! headlines! it’s! racist!
Right! Like if you think an Asian dude is gonna get you sick, leave him tf alone! Keep your fist out his eye lol smh  …
hanging out w my asian friends coughing in public
The other thing that's got me floored is you can now see Cambodian Rock Band, Suicide Forest, The Headlands, We're Gonna Die, and Endlings - FIVE fuckin Asian playwrights off Broadway at once - and I cannot emphasize to you how impossible that was when I first moved to NYC
A 9 YEAR OLD KID!! A NINE YEAR OLD KID!!!! A NINE YEAR OLD KID, MADE A FORMAL DECISION TO SLEEP WITH 20 ASIAN MEN - ACCORDING TO THE POLICE! THIS IS A NATIONAL DISGRACE AND IM GETTING ANGRIER BY THE DAY! RELEASE THE REPORT @BorisJohnson  …
imagine being this pathetic & jobless,,ranting for a whole fcvking day over some dude's selfies blowing up on twt JUST coz he's asian,,constantly degrading average asian features with their words bish I just know you a white racist a$$mf 
White people love calling Asian people interesting as   …
Here are the facts, as you reported them @nypost: a Manhattan woman contracted coronavirus in Iran. She's now quarantined at home...in Manhattan. So why did you use a photo of an Asian man on a street in Flushing, Queens? I'll tell you why: racism. Do better.  …
also, if you put someone's race in the title when it has no bearing on the subject, yeah you're racist. 'no no you don't understand, it's not just his girlfriend- it's his *Asian* girlfriend-!' it literally doesn't make a difference to the situation.
The Last Jedi: Makes its Latino lead look insane and reckless, pushes its Black lead to the side, and writes its Asian lead poorly that she  one of the most hated characters in Star Wars. White Girls On Twitter: Omg it was great, I loved watching my straight white ship.
They keep using pics of random Asian people wearing masks to talk about the corona virus/COVID-19. People's racism is gonna be the MAIN reason the virus will keep spreading. Because they're letting it cloud their judgement. Instead of realizing that viruses don't discriminate.
since some people seem to think that ten can't win that asian heartthrob thing, here's a thread of him looking fantastic
please no more stock photos of Asian people in surgical masks unless they are illustrating a story about racism
