guarantee you if that rat eating video happened in America no one would be calling ALL Americans “barbarians” & “disease carrying” but bc they are asian & you’re a piece of shit, u think generalizing & being racist towards an entire group of people over one video is acceptable.
Victims of CSE that I have had contact with via social media so far this year include: White girls/women Black girls/women Mixed black and white girls/women Asian girls/women Asian boy White boy So why is society still only acknowledging the exploitation of white girls? 
Happy Lunar New Year! While the Gregorian calendar is solar-based, some cultures base their calendars on both the Sun and the Moon. This new Moon marks a new year for many Asian cultures. 
Shaming & stereotyping an entire race of people in the name of veganism, then telling other vegans with Asian family they're the "self righteous twats" for calling you out? Lol. Thanks for the laugh Veganaise.
Can the Nigerian government release a travel advisory for #Nigerians against visiting #China at this time? Particularly our businessmen and co who frequent the Asian region. But no, the government is never proactive.
Yeah. Allies know how and when to fight. I find it fascinating when I hear stories about showrunners who say they can’t find Black, Asian, Native, or Latino writers, when the very union we’re a part of @WGAWest  representing those 
Saw this in my DM's Just so wrong. Why would I go to China?? I'm from S. Korea Sheesh not every Asian is from China 
Y'all joking about this, making chart accounts but this sh*t is actually serious... this disease is mostly spreading in asian countries, sending prayers...  …
Carats, MINGYU & DK are both semifinalists (TOP 50) in Starmometer Asian Heartthrobs 2020. To vote, we should just LIKE their photo in Starmometer's ig & twitter. For ig~ (links) Mingyu:  … DK:  … [ twt links on replies ] 
Only if it’s an all Asian cast otherwise we don’t want it
south asian toddlers with their ears pierced wearing kajal and naturally long eye lashes just a few weeks after exiting the womb: 
The annoying broad next to me in Beverly Hills is  that her lunch “should have more of an Asian tinge of ginger and umami to it” and demands it be taken away. Then goes on to say what an “amazing job” Adam Schiff is doing. F_ck this dumb town sometimes.
My heart has been so heavy for @mocanyc and its dedicated staff. Please help rebuild this invaluable repository of memories of Asian America and of NYC Chinatown:   …
We are not establishment Democrats. We must not ever even a p p e a r to replicate the notion that pushing aside 20 Trans, Queer, Black, Muslim, Arab and Asian people like me in a room is worth chasing 1 straight white man. It is not only dark. It is illogical.
Shout out to all my fellow Asians this Lunar New Years who don’t live near their family or any Asian grocery stores and are just having toast or cereal
Wanted to revisit this aspect of I Wor Kuen, a Marxist-Leninist Chinese Diaspora org active during the 1970s. IWK's experience dealing with the liberal focus on asian american identity crisis politics in 1969 has always been relevant to this day in 2020.  
A new novel by Charles Yu (the award-winning "Westworld" writer) follows a TV actor who often gets stuck playing a generic Asian Man. Yu says he was inspired by shows that set episodes in Chinatown — but keep Asian actors "way in the background." 
Asian privilege is having giant ethnostates in Asia, and demanding special privileges over Whites in the west. Because reasons.
Happy #LunarNewYear! People worldwide of Asian heritage will celebrate the Year of the Mouse/Rat on New Year’s Eve today. Join in on the celebration with these books and events to learn about the customs and heritage. 
Falling into a trench can mean injury or even death for a baby Asian elephant. Here's what can be done to prevent it 
Interesting that  same week that AAPI leaders and celebrities announced Warren endorsement. (Lau is also the first known Asian-American campaign manager of a major presidential candidate)  …
I want to wish a Happy #LunarNewYear as millions of Asian Americans & Pacific Islanders join  around the world to mark a new season of renewal and joy. As we mark this occasion, may we recognize the vitality and strength that they have brought to our nation.
It’s really annoying working at an Asian owned business and conducting myself professionally  the stereotypes just for you bitches  in here and try to steal shit every other day.
[HQ] 200125 Times Square @yejinsouls . . . #fansite #asian #kpop 
Same people that get so loud about Korean celebrities who passed away but go back into bullying every Asian idol
I been waiting for this Asian  back so long !!!  …
Outstanding result by Graham Arnold,his staff & players.This was Arnie's greatest career achievement imo.Reality is different to perception & easy qualification thru Asia is no more.The former Asian minnows have caught up.We need to acknowledge & take action.Congrats Olyroos.
This is "Ganga", a juvenile Asian elephant living her life in solitary confinement at the Gangaramaya Temple in Colombo, Sri Lanka. This photo is all too familiar for far too many elephants in Asia. Here's a good primer on the plight of captive elephants:  
Celebrate the #LunarNewYear with @HRC Foundation and @NQAPIA and read  out guide for Asian and Pacific Islander Americans in simplified Chinese, Korean, Japanese or Vietnamese!  …
At least once a day I see a really old Asian person get a fit off LOL Like why you so saucy granny
TM working at an local history day today. Three Spanish speaking girls, an Asian American boy and a boy wearing a Clan Mac Donald t-shirt dig for artifacts as local Chinese women wait to demonstrate Tai Chi and a Chumash Native American storyteller performs. THIS is America. 
asian food is hands down the only food i need consistently in my life. indian, chinese, nepali, japanese, korean, vietnamese, etc - ALL OF IT.
Asian people who are bad at maths just decide they’re black
I was gonna cook ham tonight but my wife said I had to cook something asian for #lunarnewyear . Is this asian enough for you @rupton21 ? #yearoftherat #happylunarnewyear #udon #pamn #backgroundbeagles 
just realized i am not only the only Asian person at my job, but also the only Black person. i am the ENTIRE minority quota here lmaooo
another asian girl and i have the back row to ourselves and have entered an unspoken agreement to turn slightly toward each other and sleep with more leg room
Happy #LunarNewYear from the Texas Asian Republican Club booth at Houston's Lunar New Year Festival! 
Long  Candace & Blexit for waking up America about the anti American D'Rats policies in general & D'Rat policies working against the Black, Hispanic, Asian, Jewish, Native Americans in particular. The D'Rat policies haven't worked--Trump's do work. Walk Away.  …
Agree. I’m an Asian American, board certified family doctor licensed in all 50 states and DC I endorse @AndrewYang for President because his practical plans for the #FreedomDividend, transforming and transitioning our economy and health care system are #HumanityFirst
I am an Asian American and I endorse @AndrewYang because his message of #HumanityFirst resonated with me. He says that we as humans have intrinsic value regardless of how much money we make and I want to live in a world that believes in this  …
Chúc mừng năm mới! Have a great Lunar New Year friends. It’s time for my yearly PSA that Lunar New Year is celebrated by multiple Asian countries, so please don’t call it Chinese New Year. I will also hunt you down if you do a story about “weird” New Year Asian foods.
Seokmin is nominated for 100 Asian Heartthrobs of 2020!!!! please vote for him by liking this instagram post!!!  #DOKYEOM #DK #도겸 #세븐틴 
we are not better than asian people. we do fucked up shit to animals in factory farms everyday. y’all just ignore it & pretend it doesn’t exist but have the audacity to critique other places. worry about your own country & stop acting like all asian people think and eat the same.
Lmao what a poser. I, as an Asian speaking on the behalf of the Grand Council of Asians, hereby declare ProZD is a shameful to all Asians. He will not be a part of us until he eat rice with soy sauce.  
that horny asian guy on tiktok pops up on my tl every couple months fucking his camera again since he still hasn't fucked a girl I hate it here
Asian gf me
Asian diner calmly dipping a baby mouse in a bowl of sauce before eating it alive as part of Chinese delicacy known as 'Three Squeaks' Can't say what I think Not allowed to say what I think So Sure hope they contain the killer coronavirus I hear it could kill millions~ 
I have Vietnamese & Chinese family. They're Buddhist & my step Granpa was vegan before he died, I never saw him eat meat. This is super racist. A lot of Asian people are veg or vegan, many are Buddhists. This is the epitome of racism & stereotyping.  …
This Asian lady just coughed on the train 
I'm def copping an Asian baby at some point of my life
I am Asian American. As a programmer, I helped create an automation tool that will replace my coworkers I have lunch or gym with regularly. I am also responsible for ensuring data privacy & its hard when there's no clear laws. @AndrewYang is the only one addressing these  …
The only Asian American Pacific Islanders are people who happen to be both. When you think about it there’s literally nothing coherent. When AAs say “AAPIs for” anything they’re speaking for us even when they almost always aren’t speaking to issues that even affect us
#AAPIforBernie I’m going to vote for Sanders too but please realize this categorization doesn’t make any sense. Most Pacific Islanders aren’t even American and didn’t asked to be grouped with Asians. Asian American is a political identity that PIs don’t share in the history of
I assume because they’re all Asian.
I swear Lunar New Year is the only non-Christian holiday luxury stores care enough to promote bc they want that Asian coin. Why I ain’t never get an email from Nordstrom saying Eid Mubarak or anything? kmt
A group of Asian men fight in curry mile in the Manchester area 
Hey @mrbenjaminlaw, I just donated all the money I received in red packets for Chinese New Year to  Do you think we can encourage other Asian Australians to donate in solidarity with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Peoples? #PayTheRent #invasionDay
Just gonna remind y’all that the #CoronaOutbreak should NOT be a reason to be racist towards Asian countries. Many innocent people are dying, and it ISN’T their fault. With that said, stay safe.
Also hi it’s my birthday, I’m 30 and at full asian auntie status now 
Asian girl who rejected me got CoronaVirus 
Because unlike the other curries in the region that closely mirror S. Asian curries, Jamaican Currygoat in particular is pretty much unique in the sense that it’s a slow-cooked stew that bears more similarity to African and European stews.  …
I can’t believe how much food I ate the past few days. Asian grandmas really be on another level
you’re not half korean. and you edit your photos to make yourself look asian which are racist as hell, don’t stereotype us like that. AND you disrespected kyla.
its okay to be white. its okay to be black. its okay to be asian. its okay to be hispanic. its okay to be female. its okay to be male. its okay to be nonbinary. its okay to be lgbtq+. its okay to be straight. its okay to be you. but it is NEVER okay to not say #lunchclub
February onwards I will start my stream at 12PM EST (5PM London time), that way I can catch a bit of US, EU and Asian bitches. It means I get to end stream earlier and sleep.
Lots of news and social media attention to the nearly 85,000 historical artifacts and documents lost in the MOCA fire - please note, too, that the fire has also destroyed the Chinatown Senior Center and the offices of several other Asian-serving non-profit organizations.
idk why y'all bring up gender when we are talking abt racism, yes ts faces sexism but this won't change the fact that she's a white english speaking person who has a lot of  to an all asian group
Long shot but I am wanting to talk to anyone- especially if they're Muslim- whose mother worked at either Imperial Typewriters in Leicester or Grunwick in London during the 70s when Asian women went on strike- it is for something I am working on. Thanks. @Imperial_Strike
Grew up 15mins from Selhurst Park. BNP lived across the road. 25yrs ago Eric Cantona kicked a BNP racist who'd assualted an Asian man w/a spanner in our area. Dad took me to support Cantona at his trial in Croydon. I'm a human rights researcher today thanks to Eric Cantona 
19) Jobless rates and bias crimes were examined separately for black, Asian, Latino, gay/lesbian, Jewish, and white victim groups. The study found no statistical link between rates of bias crime and economic fluctuations.
Asian and latinas rn 
Would my Asian/mixed-race sisters be interested in a newsletter featuring interviews with regular Asian/mixed people on what they do with beauty, what they learnt from family members, how the flip they do eyeshadow looks (i have never mastered this), bushy dry hair issues etc?
Special shoutout to @bwaycon for their effort to hold a panel discussion about Asian male actors in theater, yet can’t even get their Asian men correct 
There is every reason why Yale should offer serious survey courses in Asian art, African art, and so on. There is no good reason to scrap a survey course of western art in the name of ideological progress.  …
Asian Americans are an integral part of our culture, economy, and values. To all who are ringing in the #YearOfTheRat today, I wish you success, prosperity, and health in the new year.
Asian American woman here - I WILL NOT BE CANCELLED. 
Happy #LunarNewYear to all Albertans of Asian origin! During this #YearoftheRat, wishing you a time of progress, breakthroughs and personal advancement.  … 
I refuse to believe a woman that got a Master's Degree in European Studies from Cambridge would ID a Asian Subcontinent nation as Ukraine, a European nation. The insinuation is disgusting. #PompeoMustGo
Kushal Konwar Sarma is a Veterinarian in Guwahati who has devoted his life to the conservation of Asian Elephants. He is known as ‘Haathi ki Saathi’ and will be recognized with Padma Shri for his contribution. #PeoplesPadma #PadmaAwards2020 
Disturbing footage shows Asian man calmly dipping a baby mouse in a bowl of sauce before eating it alive 
. @MauraMoynihan1: China’s global influence and Asian travel domination is a perfect gateway for #CoronaVirus to spread Spread of this throughout Asia is going to  a much larger story over next few weeks #ChinaCoronaVirus Listen & watch 
The fire at @mocanyc has likely destroyed thousands of irreplaceable historical and cultural items—a huge loss to Chinese-Americans AND the larger Asian-American and  If you can, please consider donating to their restoration fund:   …
We are expected to be knowledgeable about all things Asian/American, but they also assume we're pushing an *Asian* agenda. I still remember having to justify why it was important to cover James Iha & an editor said we already did a story...on Yo-Yo Ma. But she also used slurs so.  …
Wishing a happy Lunar New Year to NY's Asian and Pacific  and to all who celebrate! May the #YearOfTheRat bring happiness, peace and good 
For all you subs! If you follow or serve an Asian Dominatrix, it’s your duty to send her a little tribute to wish her a Happy New Year! Tiền vô như nước! I like amazon gift cards: Lucysweetkill@gmail.com Asians #retweet - tag others - add your tribute 
He was born in Minnesota and currently lives in Cali. He knows nothing about asian culture as far as i’m concerned.
I am a writer, Asian, an academic, and I endorse Bernie. Also, I don't like attaching tags to my name and categorize like that.  …
Happy #LunarNewYear! You can now read @HRC Foundation and  out resource for Asian and Pacific Islander Americans in: Simplified Chinese Korean Vietnamese Japanese  …
his mom is typically that crazy rich asian mom 
happy Lunar New Year! today I am immersing myself in asian culture by wishing my chinese coworker a happy new year only for her to tell me to "get back to work"
not new !! just want more mutuals <3 ##15 | 16 on 14/02 :D ##bi ##switch ##aquarius ##poc | asian rt 2 be mutuals | like 4 a (possible) dm 
#PadmaShree for Kushal Konwar of Guwahati . He devoted his life for conservation of Asian Elephants. Hasn't taken a Single weekend off in the last 3 decades. Treated more than 700 elephants /year. 
Disturbing footage shows Asian man calmly dipping a baby mouse in a bowl of sauce before eating it alive - after another diner gorged on BAT 
I find it even funnier that the “sensei” she listed is actually a white woman appropriating Asian culture. Fitting for someone who appropriated native culture to her own advantage for years. The fact that they deleted the tweet is just cherry on top of the shit sundae! 
The thing about "the west" is that it's an invented category that has always been a cover for "white folks except for the stuff from southwest asian and north african antiquity that we've decided we like."
Today is the first day of Lunar New Year! It is one of the most important festivals in several Asian countries!Say some "Blessings" is a well-known custom. Derivative Works Group  #MegaManXDiVE #RockmanXDiVE 
Happy Lunar New Year! The Year of the Rat starts today. The rat is the first animal in the East Asian twelve-year zodiac cycle, marking new beginnings.  
Had a look at Ben (Yeah he does look like a cuck) but for the life of me can't work out if he is a parody account? Ben is worried Muslims might get anxiety if the public get to hear the reasons why "Asian" men were allowed to gang rape, prostitute and murder little girls.  …
The native language of Mughals, Chagatai, was language of Turkic nomads from Central Asian steppe. This primitive language didn't even have its own script. Perso Arabic script was used. Because it was a nomadic language and lacked administrative terms, Mughals adopted Persian
I rest my case. Do not get in a taxi driven by a male "Asian" driver. This one was caught haven driven a young girl down a back alley and got in the back with her .....  …
The hosting rights have been given to us by the Asian Cricket Council (ACC) and we can't hand them over to anyone. We don’t have that authority Should Pakistan stick to this stance ahead of this  #T20WorldCup #AsiaCup2020 
Happy #LunarNewYear! For all those celebrating, I hope the year of the rat brings you prosperity and luck. Let's also take this day to recognize and honor the many ways Asian Americans have contributed to and strengthened our nation for generations. 
ภาพบรรยากาศงาน JUNG YONG HWA ‘STILL 622’ IN BANGKOK   #STILL622inBKK #STILL622inBangkok #JungYongHwa #정용화 
Some how four Asian lady docs got scheduled to work lunar New Years together. So while are taking care of Indy, we will be patiently awaiting someone to bring us dumplings and noodles. Gung hay fat choy! #medtwitter 
when people talk about Asian people they always forget us who are not Japanese, Korean and Chinese......ASIA IS A GODDAMN HUGE CONTINENT PEEPS
Concerns about the disease aside, I think it’s because there’s a pre-existing dislike of PRC among many Asian countries because of how the tourists behave and this dislike has been exacerbated by the reports of sick PRC travelling anyway/fooling airport officials (cont.)
The Diaspora (whether African or Asian) deals with different issues in the West than their peers back home. For the example you brought up, Japanese ppl born & raised in Japan haven’t experienced the same pressure to conform to American culture that Japanese Americans have.
We’re kinda late but choose your asian boy 
its okay to be white. its okay to be black. its okay to be asian. its okay to be hispanic. its okay to be female. its okay to be male. its okay to be nonbinary. its okay to be lgbtq+. its okay to be straight. its okay to be you. but it is NEVER okay to stan technoblade
What should be the "consequences" for the daily hate, anti-India venom & anti-Modi lies that you and @Nidhi peddle on a daily basis @SreenivasanJain?... Some award from "Asian Blossoming Chamelis Club"?  …
There are Canadian players in the NWHL. There are European and Asian players in the NWHL as well. The NWHL isn't US-only; the teams are all located in the US. imo that's an important distinction.  …
#AlaVaikunthapurramuloo Hyderabad Occupancies for Evening and Night Shows PVR - 89.9% - 21 shows Cinepolis - 81.0% - 11 shows Asian - 81.8% - 21 shows INOX - 94.6% - 8 shows AMB - 99.3% - 3 shows #AlluArjun #AlaVaikunthapurramloo
lol most asian dicks can’t even reach there  …
“FIRST ASIAN ACTRESS TO HAVE HER OWN INSTAGRAM FILTER” Super honoured & grateful thanks a billion instagram for choosing me & having my own custom filter for my loved ones ! All Rautela’s followers can now…  …
They probably are. Not all Caribbean’s are black you know. Jamaica has a lot of Asian people.
Asian GPR multiplex 15 th day 4.40 pm shw SOLDOUT 
yt girl really out here photoshopping herself to look asian....... the caucasity 
Well my fellow patriotic white Australians...the Muslims have now joined with the Jewish and Asian block to stand with the Aboriginal WAR movement . If one cannot see this evil pattern emerging from the depths then you will forever be under the great delusion. Time to gather... 
Disturbing footage shows Asian man calmly dipping a baby mouse in a bowl of sauce before eating it alive 
Does she expect gas chambers for the ones who remain? Mind you, an old lady I met assumed they’d be less people from Asian extraction- she didn’t believe me when I explained how they’d be more. Leave = xenophobia & racism
I started watching It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia. Jesus Christ, these people are insane and it’s stressing me out so much. The god damn Asian Cream Pie episode oh my god.
Review: Awkwafina takes the Asian-American entertainment renaissance to new heights in "Nora From Queens" 
Happy Lunar New Year to the Central American/Latinx Asian diaspora celebrating
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 We need to vote for Jungkook at Starmometer Facebook  … Instagram  1 like = 1 vote And don't  for him I vote for #Jungkook #BTS #Kpop at #100asianheartthrobs 
Hi there! I'm Steph, an esports journalist currently covering LCS and OWL! I'm striving to  a prominent Asian-American voice in Western esports media :) SOCIALS discord: stephno_#3720 insta: stephno_ medium:  tgh:  
I'm from India and we've been taught (since I was a kid) that our country is in ASIA but omg why are we never called Asian
Kpopies keep screaming about "asian representation" yet don’t hesitate to support  against BTS and laugh at the shitty treatment BTS get in the western music industry because they aren’t white but ofc it’s not a problem because it’s BTS....
And thats why asian music awards shows are better 
Dude ambulances ARE free in Europe (where I live), and most of Asian and Oceania countries, no one (I repeat, NO ONE) uses them as buses. Jfc, wtf is wrong with Americans
I just found out storing your pots and pans in an oven is an Asian thing. Is that true???
Vietnamese Asian Americans Stand 2 bridge the Asian Anemic Pro American Gap that is felt in our land They proudly warn us of the Communistic Democratic Hand 4 more Terms with an eager laugh Cause they understand the horrors of freedom taken isn’t a gaffe 
Asian short-clawed otters pups, the world's smallest species of otter, were seen dipping their toes into the water at a UK zoo 
So according to my dad, there’s a family of Asian people in New Orleans buying a bunch of restaurants, and essentialy blackfacing the names like “Willies chicken shack” to make ppl think they’re supporting black owned businesses
Y’all don’t care about black issues or even Asian issues. Just be miserable human beings alone in your room and shut tf up for once!
we switched clothes and i felt like a typical asian from idk...anywhere from socal lmfao  …
Bernie Bro - A man or woman, white, black, Latinx, Asian, Native, straight, gay, trans who vent their anger at establishment Blue Checks online when they falsely attack Sanders.
Your faves can't even stay in melon 50 and  for my faves? They still remained the first and only asian artist to be invited, yours can only wish 
[INFO] 200125 Jennie is nominated as Best Asian Act at MUSIC RANK EXTRA AWARDS 2020 Voting time from 10 AM to 5 PM KST, and will end at January 31st. Jennie is currently ranked #1 in her category.  #BLACKPINK #JENNIE #제니 
I am Asian-American. I will not let the corporate media decide who my vote goes to. I support @AndrewYang because he’s thinking of our future while other candidates are bought/living in the past. He has a clear vision, backed by data. #YangGang #AsiansForYang  …
Does anyone know the name of those Asian eye drops that that are illegal in the us but make your eyes really white?
I am an Asian American I grew up with racism all the time I believe in data driven solutions and life changing policies I am here to topple the corrupt AAPI gatekeepers I endorse @AndrewYang for President because he is my trailblazer. #Yang2020  …
Can you deny Soros is known from destabilising Nations? Can you deny his $1 bn bet against baht in 1997 was the epicenter of Asian Financial Crisis?  …
Victoria Song has always been Chanel's Ambassador alongside Jennie for SK and now Heart Evangelista too! I love Heart's fashion! Asian represent! Lisa is the first ever Celine Asian Muse handpicked by Hedi himself. I hope other Asians can join the Global Muse of Celine too 
Ronny Chieng. Asian Comedian Destroys America Hope you get rich. 
all the m*riah wuz  Please spare me y’all are getting blocked if u want a nats champ that bullied a foreign Asian skater out of her rink. Don’t forget it, thanks!!
White friends, Asian friends, non-Indigenous friends... Tomorrow is a great opportunity to show up to support Indigenous protests of Jan 26. There's a protest near you!  …
Why do people want to be Asian so bad. All we do is sleep, cry and eat shrimp chips 
Alice Wells, Principal Dy Assistant Secy of State for South&Central Asian Affairs on her visit to Delhi: Visit offered opportunity to hear more on developments with India’s #CAA, that's undergoing vigorous democratic scrutiny, be it in streets by political 
Preach Kyla. I’m asian and it makes me so 
I see some people photoshopping themselves to look Asian and im sorry but that’s fucking weird. Don’t do it. Smh
An innings that fashioned a stunning one-wicket win, and inspired a series triumph - a first for an Asian Test team in South Africa. Was Kusal Perera's 153* the best in 2019?  
I'm a black, Asian, Middle Eastern Hispanic Jew, therefore if you criticize my tweets you are a racist.
A young man thanks @AndrewYang for representing Asian Americans on the national stage and then presses him on his climate change policies. Specifically not promising to declaring a state of national emergency for climate change. 
Um so who prays in both English and their spoken Asian language to make sure the Asian gods understand?
#DearEastAsians: Are you ever going to learn? Please stop making lists about “Asian American” things that exclude Brown Asians. It’s fucking annoying. Just be real & call it an East Asian American list. Ps. Hire Brown Asians, @NextShark. #BrownAsiansExist  …
White women fuck dogs Asian women eat dogs Black women are dogs
Wait what ever happened with this Asian chick !?
A businessman “connected to Asian organized crime” was allowed by a British Columbia government employee to buy part of a B.C. Lottery Corp. casino, according to a confidential RCMP report obtained by Global News.  …
I am Asian American and I endorse @AndrewYang I am American Citizen since 1979 #AsiansForYang 
I can’t take Scarlett Johansson’s acting seriously like I’m trying my best to pay attention to marriage story but all I can think about rn is how she said she could play a tree if she wanted and I can’t get over it... my Asian queen
“Chinn says she lost many Asian-specific roles to white actors—including Meryl Streep...She still lives in a rodent-inhabited New York apartment...after many failed auditions, she was on the brink of giving up acting altogether.”  …
I first visited the @mocanyc when they hosted the Asian American ComicCon back in 2009. I've been back year after year for fantastic exhibits and events. A tremendous institution. Losing so much of its collection in this fire is just unfathomable. Please do consider donating.
ever since i was a kid ive always been wanted to be an american & i really look up to their country, but growing up i realize how lucky i am to be an asian & i wondered why did i ever want to be in a country that thinks of themselves as superior lol
saying that bts being acknowledged by the grammys is a miracle and that we should be thankful for it is basically saying we should be happy that they were recognized considering they are asian do u realize you are basically degrading them bc of their race
how does it feel to know that asian girls have more of a beard than u?
[world-wide panic due to coronavirus] me, an asian looking person: *coughs* everyone on the metro:
Nooo don't encourage him, we don't need those woke Asians crawling around again with their air of superiority as if they're the only kind of Asian we should all aspire to be
I was thinking that. The Caribbean has mad Asian people. It’s more diverse than people think
[[Music Rank Extra Awards ]] Blackpink is nominated in 4 categories #BLACKPINK @ygofficialblink ✓ Best Dance "Kill This Love" ✓ Asia's Girl Group #JENNIE ✓ Female Group of the Year ✓Asian Act To vote, visit the site:  Let’s WIN this 
Happy new year to all my asian dommes who celebrate the lunar new year (pics of me looking extra wholesome lol) 
BIRTHDAY TREATS: Tricia the Asian elephant celebrated her 63rd  with a specialty cake and lots of visitors at the Perth Zoo.  
So in hospital again, shared room. That's okay but you hear things that make you cringe. Elderly couple, wife visiting. "caught a taxi, lovely girl driver very chatty, my only issue... She was Asian" ??? What do you do?
Happy Lunar New Year all my Asian Pootie Pals <3 ! May this year of the rat bring you tons of fortune, good family time, and growth 
I was expecting: “I’m Asian.” 
@AndrewYang challenges us to think harder. In that challenge I have been pondering ... why do I keep hearing, “America is not ready for an Asian President?”Well, people said America was not ready to end slavery, begin intergrating, give women rights, have marriage equality,
Ben was a metaphor for youth today that was needed. His arc ending in death is cruel. In Asian media we often see redemption arcs where the character gets to atone and find happiness because the metaphor, the myth shouldn’t be broken for the cynical. #BringBenSoloBack
Communities (Asian/Latinx/black/etc) are a DIASPORA. If I write a Jamaican novel, it would not be “ownvoices” Bc im black but NOT Jamaican. Folks must begin seeing  within cultures of color and stop treating ppl from those cultures as monolithic.
Terry Crews said black men are toxic masculine and blamed black men for a white man grabbing his nuts Gabrielle Union supports kids being gay, think women should fuck every dick, and lost her job defending asian people that never defended her. I'm cool on both
old asian ladies be havin the most drip. everything they own be designer. lmfaoo.
I'm mixed (Black/Asian) I'm...over 35 I do market research I'm kinda gay I'm an independent And I endorse @AndrewYang for president, and cannot wait to vote for him in the VA primary.  …
IVE BEEN NOTICED BY AMAZON!! @amazonmusic “Curiosity” is on their “Asian American Mix” playist! Listen to me and a bunch of other awesome artists woot woot! 
We are writing the year 2020, Tesla started 6 years ago in 2014 a GF construction to produce more then the entire consumes together & Daimler calls today for a crisis explaining Asian Suppliers like LG Chem can dictate prices & supply?  …
RE #AmericanDirt: I've been asked so many times on journalism panels whether I can objectively cover Asian Americans as an Asian American. A question I've never heard asked, and one that I often wonder, is why are white people always perfectly qualified to write about everything?
Someone on Reddit made a post about the desexualisation of Nas on #LoveIsland. Really good points, he also  between the experiences of Asian men and black women. Kind of embarrassing how other races have picked up on how it’s a win if we find ourselves desirable 
At the #OurStoriesToTell event on Asian Americans. 
I am Asian American. I’ve advised 100s of startups on growth & work in a VC firm that has invested in autonomous cars+trucks & many other process automation startups (incl legal & HR). I endorse @AndrewYang for President because he’s the only one who sees what I see every  …
The way my mom think my type of guy is asian guy just because I listen to korean song and learn Japanese, sweetie I don’t even like human what you want ?
...the idea that Asian food is dirty or unclean has been kicking around since railroad days. It's interesting to see people react strongly to the idea that people eat civet cat, but not blink an eye at drinking expensive coffee made from beans in civet cat poop, for example.
One interesting side effect of the coronavirus coverage is seeing how quickly folks glom onto the idea that Asian people eat dirty/disgusting/unclean food. Granted, there's definitely some pretty wild stuff, especially in Southern China, but...
reminder: being scared about the coronavirus doesnt give you a free pass to say racist and xenophobic things about chinese people and asian people in general
I’m never buying Corona from an Asian owned store ever again
All other Asian countries are reporting cases of coronavirus but the PH is still in denial despite letting 500 unchecked Wuhan tourists in. Then sasabihin they'll be sent back to a city that's on lockdown? Dutertroglodyte govt not getting news from outside the cave, no?  …
when will people stop pretending to be another race? like editing their eyes and claim themselves to be “Asian”? it’s just unhealthy, please seek help 
Im vegan and I do usualy agree but these creatures are alive thats awful and definitely worth higher criticism! However all cultures abuse animals and western people need to stop thinking they are morally superior to asian cultures when we all abuse animals
If you invite me to a Roaring Twenties-themed party I'm just leaving early and handing out papers that say my property was seized and my citizenship renounced citing the Chinese Exclusion Act which reduced overall Asian immigration from the 1880s until it was lifted in 1943.
psst Take a look at this map. Recognize any other Asian nations that we've been asked to withdraw from because Trump assassinated there since this thread was written? Iraq. And what's that about ending engagement in Afghanistan? Syria? Turkey?  …
I am half Asian I am 30 I am a web designer I am Trans I am Libertarian/Democrat/Socialist somehow And I endorse @AndrewYang for  …
thinking about her* :/ . . . . . . . . . . . *the fetishization and marginalization of eastern asian women by white men who put us on a pedestal as ‘exotic’ sexual objects but still treat us as socially inferior to white women in every other aspect
you can have a little subtle asian, as a trait
Opinions // Body hair has and continues to be a huge struggle for South Asian women because, well, we have a lot of it.  
Yo I was about to quit the modeling thing and nike just booked me. Going to LA the Asian Obama look is in youheard
This is why I can’t get anything done! I get distracted in the kitchen. Asian Garlic Tofu with rice and broccoli . Delicious 
I really need to post my work on here I’ve done Mulatto, Molly Brazy, Cuban doll, Asian doll, Rubi rose, etc..!! I been workingggg in Atlanta 
can officially say that i’ll be graduating this semester with degrees in International Relations and Asian Pacific studies
KNOW HER NAME Katherine Cheung became the first Asian-American woman to have earned her pilot’s license! When she received it in 1932, only 1% of pilots were women. She was also friends with Amelia Earhart. 
I love how all these "establisment" Asian American type groups are all endorsing different candidates, from Joe Biden to Elizabeth Warren to Bernie Sanders, all whilst ignoring the Asian American that's just polled nationally in 4th with the most progressive platform... Weird.
5 South Asian men in detention have surpassed 80 days of a hunger strike. We must keep pressure up so they don't  the next deaths in ICE detention. Call & email Johh Hartnett at ICE NOLA - 318-992-1594; john.hartnett@ice.dhs.gov & demand their release before it's too late. 
Here's an odd picture: Hume's Warbler (Phylloscopus humei), an Asian vagrant species, eating a Harlequin Ladybird (Harmonia axyridis) an invasive alien species from the same part of the world. Carlino (Udine), btwn. Venice & Trieste (NE Italy) today. (photo by Bruno Dentesani). 
Aye aye aye you like asian girls? Rush this frat if you like asian girls !
Looking for some Asian and East African face models (preferably from South London) to create some dope makeup looks. Makeup and photography will be by me (Below are a couple of examples of my work) Slide in my DM’s x 
its okay to be white. its okay to be black. its okay to be asian. its okay to be hispanic. its okay to be female. its okay to be male. its okay to be nonbinary. its okay to be lgbtq+. its okay to be straight. its okay to be you. but it is NEVER okay to not like skittles
it’s ok to be white. it’s ok to be black. it’s ok to be asian. it’s ok to be hispanic. it’s ok to be a female. it’s ok to be a male. it’s ok to be gay. it’s ok to be straight. it’s ok to be you. but it’s NEVER ok to be on your phone. go study bitch
“It’s rare and unheard of for Disney to (put) down this kind of money for an entirely Asian cast. ‘Crazy Rich Asians’ at $30 million, no problem. But $300 million? I don’t think so.” @tzima8 via @variety  …
Thanks to Sandip Deshpande, chair South Asian division @rcpsych for organising reception at historic Calcutta Club which stood up against racism when it was founded in 1907. In the 21st century women were 
Gwen, cause she bought four Asian women cosplayed as a chola AND sampled Black legends and we let her cook cause the music was that good. Love Angel Music Baby still slaps, as does The Sweet Escape and we all wanted to wear LAMB.  …
Andrew Yang support breakdown by race from the Emerson National Poll: 20.6% Latino 26.4% White 28.0% Black 21.0% Asian 3.9% Mixed Geeeesh, “lOoK aT aLl ThOsE wHiTe SuPrEmIsTs” The #YangGang is starting to look like the United States! Now THATS a #YangSurge
Research contained in a new book suggests that Asian American students are just as likely to support race-based affirmative action as are other students of color.  …
kpop twitter is filled with hypocritical assholes who don’t like to be generalized but are totally fine with generalizing everyone else also some of u are racist bc ur all for asian rep when it’s about ur favs and when it’s others, u  but that’s a diff convo
There are many disaffected and angry men and women who don't need others to suffer or who wish cruelty on fellow Americans to feel great and strong again. A lot of them can be voters. Try reaching out to them. Many are black and brown and Asian and female voters in the Rust Belt.
They pinned this tweet. Notice two things: 1. They're bragging about violating US antidiscrimination law. 2. This policy doesn't apply outside the US and Europe. Asian and African boards are already 100% diverse. I hope someone sues them for billions of dollars.  …
Nicki will be bringing inches back this year she just had to wait for the Asian girls to grow there hair out 
Asian really the hardest idk why mfs just now noticing  …
“You can be racist to Asians.” It’s so true. I experienced it first hand at  club in Boston. I had an argument with  who used an Asian slur, and  watched like it was a school fight. Nobody took sides.  …
My boss Andrew Yang just said Happy New Year to all Asian Americans in his Iowa 17 days camapign trail. Go to send a red envelop to him :  
Happy Chinese New Year to all Asian Americans today! 
Fact: Hispanic women care about a babies life! Asian women care about a babies life! Black women care about a babies life! @realDonaldTrump cares about a babies life! 2020 LANDSLIDE
Asian small-clawed otter pups venture out and dip their toes into the water at a UK zoo 
98% white people, 2 token Blacks (one in HR, one in IT), an Asian woman in senior management and a Latin man in accounting.  …
Just some fellas and lovely ladies attacking Asian business owners in Brooklyn. Again. 
hey, the virus is still spreading to asian countries where... *drum rolls* muslims reside. don't use us as a cover up for your lack of empathy thx
If Saudi Arabia a dictator oppressive regime,then why 98% of its own students sent  back after graduations?Why Saudi Arabia doesn’t have minorities live abroad in U.S. or Europe, like Iran or other Asian countries? Would you care to answer? @hrw @amnesty 
The right to eat any animal, living or dead, is the East Asian equivalent of the 2nd amendment.
Lori Tan Chinn lost an Asian princess role to Meryl Streep, was verbally abused on the set of M. Butterfly and almost went back on food stamps before landing the role of Awkwafina's grandma on Nora From Queens  …
y’all better not use this virus as an excuse to be racist to chinese n other asian ppl like y’all already be doing ......also psa: not all asians are chinese like there’s diff kinds of asians pls respect that
Trudeau blackface? Never happened. SNC Lavalin? What? Polar bears? Forgotten. Gretta? 15 minutes of fame almost up. Australian fires? Been there, done that. Iran plane shot down? Yawn. Impeachment? Will never happen but got the T-Shirt. Asian flu? Is it N1H1 or H5N3 this week?
guys seriously im so worried about corona virus especially to my asian folks. please wear masks when you go to crowded places (N95 preferably) and wash your hands!! wash it with antibacterial soap thoroughly! most importantly if you feel feverish or nauseous, go & see the doctor!
Trump Plans To Force Brazilian Asylum-Seekers To Wait In Mexico  … Good, but Russian, Mideastern, Asian, and African "asylum-seekers" are still waved into the US.
John Stuart Mill is much celebrated as a "liberal" but he worked for the East India Company and actively justified colonization as deliverance from "Asian despotism" and as a civilising mission 2/n
in the spirit of chinese new year (even though it’s tomorrow), here’s a cover of one of my all time favorite, yellow by katherine ho (crazy rich asian soundtrack). banyak salah i’m sorry :( 
On this day in 1985, astronaut Ellison Onizuka successfully flew his first mission on Space Shuttle Discovery,  the first Asian American in space. 
[ MUSIC RANK EXTRA AWARDS 2020 ] CATEGORIES: @ygofficialblink ✓ Best Dance "Kill This Love" ✓ Asia's Girl Group ✓ Female Group of the Year #JENNIE ✓Asian Act Voting time will start from 10:00 AM to 5:00 PM KST everday. VISIT THE SITE:  
Why do asian boys drive like they don’t fear death
Y’all need some more asian in this thread 
how do you stan asian artists and don't see the problem with western countries refusing to even give them a chance before they decide that they are not worth it, overrated and inferior just BECAUSE theyre asians  …
new york asian challenge: make it through the winter without seeing a single piece of shen yun promotional material
JENNIE got nominate for MUSIC RANK EXTRA AWARDS 2020 in Asian Act categories. The Voting time will start from 10:00 AM KST to 5:00 PM KST everyday. Hope u guys participate.  
According to McKinsey, AA men are projected to have the HIGHEST displacement rate across men and women... (white, black, Asian) while AA women are projected to have the lowest displacement rate across the entire board... men or women. This is due to the industries both are in. 
take care, oomfs. if you live in big cities (especially asian cities), make sure to go out and get some surgical masks & hand sanitizers. there will be many more cases after the chinese new year weekend, so it doesn’t hurt to be vigilant. you do not want to be short on this stuff  …
@Kaplan4Oakland & @nikki4oakland & have been working to get @samsinger & @JobsatWedgewood to negotiate w/ the @oakclt from day 1. We must ask, why Wedgewood ignored the asks of a queer woman, an Asian woman & all the POC electeds before the mayor.
The Asian elephant is the closest extant relative of the woolly mammoth. Little wonder they escaped from the zoo in Siberia to check out the snow!  …
an army: i wish locals r not selectively accepting of asian celebs and artists while being racist and demeaning to other asian celebs and artists kpop stans: they're a boy group so it's okay if people are racist to them and discriminate them and their work 
Another bloodbath in global energy markets to finish the week: In oil, WTI fell below $55 a barrel, and Brent is just above $61 a barrel In LNG, Asian spot benchmark was assessed at $3.975 per million Btu, the lowest since July 2009 #OOTT #LNG #gas #ClimateChange
I'm Asian American and I endorse @TulsiGabbard for  …
lmao some of u non black folks won’t listen to a rap song unless the person that’s rapping is asian. sounds very anne tie bull lack to me
my mom : also my mom : asian mom is the revolution 
Chinoiserie was a style inspired by art and design from China & other Asian countries in the C.18th. The fanciful style relied more on the designer's and craftsman's imagination than on accurately portraying oriental motifs. This vase by J Peyre is a perfect example of this. 
Prayer circle TXT ASIAN SHOWCASE this 2020 @TXT_members
This time it’s South East Asia & the Asian Pacific! FIP & the Indonesian Pharmacists Association invite #pharmacists to Bali, 1-3 April 2020, to work together on #HealthForAll at FIP's 3rd regional conference on #PrimaryHealthCare Register here  
Rad! I’d had a feeling that Nightcrawler superfan is meant to be Asian, and he is! This young member of the mysterious #ChildrenOfTheAtom, one of our new favorite class of X-kids, is Chinese American! I really can’t wait to meet these kids and read Vita & Bernard’s 
The #of people tweeting snakes at me b/c they don’t like my candidate, or saying I’m racist b/c I’m not supporting the Asian candidate ... I’m voting for the candidate I think is best, and I’ll support whichever Dem gets the nomination. I hope everyone else does the same.
We would like to congratulate Galvanize for conquering this year’s Asian Hiphop Competition! The whole Senior High  roars as one to celebrate our victory 
A psa that other Asian cultures celebrate the new year that's tonight/tomorrow and that calling it Chinese New Year really grates with me (In Vietnam it's called Tết, I tend to translate as Lunar New Year because Jan 1st in Vietnamese is solar new year but I agree it's vague)
Akula Sai Samhitha has already won more than 60 medals in Skating! Not only this, she is also the youngest Indian girl to win a Gold Medal at the Asian Roller Skating Championship. Was very happy to meet this brilliant youngster. 
The story of a group of women climbers stranded on top of an icy central Asian peak in the midst of a terrible storm has been  lost — until now. 
MUSIC RANK EXTRA AWARDS 2020 [ONLINE VOTING] VOTE AGAIN TOMORROW AT 10:00 AM KST REMINDER: Voting time will start from 10:00 AM to 5:00 PM KST everday. @ygofficialblink and #JENNIE nominated: Asian Act and Asias Girl Group. To vote, visit the site:  
Embarrassing. You’re right. Myrdal did not write that book. That was the Asian Drama.  …
This amazing timelapse footage shows an Asian giant hornet queen building its nest: an authentic natural 3D printing process [full video:  
"In his nostalgia for 1960s, Imran often cites a book supposedly authored by Swedish economist Myrdal. In 'The Asian Miracle' Imran claims, Myrdal likened Pakistan’s development to California’s. The problem is Myrdal never wrote a book by that title or made such claim."
Nepal Foreign Minister Pradeep Gyawali: Nepal is not only ready but eager and in hurry, to hand over the chairmanship of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) because we are carrying the baggage since more than 4 years, we were supposed to hand over in 2016  …
We’re working to fill the need for more Asian American civil rights history to be taught in school with our two @nehgov-supported workshops for teachers this summer. They’ll learn how to teach about the Japanese American incarceration.  …
Seven days ago, the EU announced it is considering a ban on blanket uses of facial recognition, which misidentifies far more black and Asian faces than white ones. Today:  …
you’re everywhere like them asian dancing videos
EXO's reactions when they won best Asian style award will still be the most funniest video on the internet ! 
Yo this is like the asian version of getting put in a spliff  …
Tony went on to advise a central Asian dictator with a penchant for boiling his enemies alive  …
Most Overseas International Wins As Captain ( by Asian ): Dhoni - 55 ( in 138 Matches ) Kohli - 51* ( in 80 Matches ) #INDvNZ #ViratKohli 
161202 Mnet Asian Music Awards EXO - Monster remix short ver. (백현 focus)  #백현 #BAEKHYUN #边伯贤 #伯贤 @B_hundred_Hyun #EXO #엑소 #weareoneEXO @weareoneEXO
fuck it rt 2 be in an asian gc :) - be asian lol - be active!! >:( reply with ur age + name to be added!!
I don't know what I am. I've been called Asian. I've been called White-washed. I've been called "Go back to your country". Regardless, my name is Meng, born and raised in the USA and I endorse @AndrewYang for President! #YangSurge #YangGang #Yang2020
Possible Brown-streaked Flycatcher (Muscicapa williamsoni) #Ipoh #Perak #Malaysia This bird is browner that nominate Asian Brown Flycatcher, has a pale buff eye ring (Wells), some pale brown streaks on breast/flanks. Opinions  @Avibase 
Group of 62 wild Asian elephants spotted in southwest China  
Lunar New Year kicks off Saturday as one of the most important holidays in Vietnam, South Korea, China and other Asian countries. These holidays remind us, there are as many ways to track time as there are cultures and languages. 
asian men get one piercing and suddenly their neck is stuck in a side angle forever
Asia has the largest & fastest growing CO₂ emissions. Asia also has the largest population, with per capita emissions just below the global average. But, for the world to stay below 2°C, Asian CO₂ emissions still need to go to zero...  
NEW | "The silence around grooming gangs has gone on long enough. We need to talk about this seriously. As someone  from a Muslim and Asian background, I strongly believe that political correctness does more harm than good." -  …
Chúc mừng năm mới! Happy Tet holiday!!! Best wishes to all of my Asian friends!!! I hope you all will get double the amount of lucky money this year <3 <3 <3 -- Repost is forbidden! #Myart #Bonbon #HazbinHotel #RadioDust 
drinking w me: ★ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ not  super lightweight, bad asian glow after one shot, can’t drink for shit, need coconut water to survive past 6 shots  …
I’m Asian and I endorse  …
Dr. Alex B. Brillantes, Jr., President of the Asian Association for Public Administration, gave the keynote address during the MSU-IIT's 50th Commencement Ceremonies (10th Mid-Academic Year Graduation) on January 23, 2020. 
this but also @every singaporean who visits any southeast asian country outside singapore  …
Many of the zoonotic host hotspots often overlap with centers of high human population density such as in Asian or Europe. Among mammals, rodents are the most abundant, most species-rich & include a greater number of zoonotic hosts than any other order.  …
In this new decade, I would like for the Southeast Asian Diaspora to stop visiting the homelands  back with those "omg i cant believe how grateful i am for having grown up in amerikkka" sob stories–the please fucking stop it you embarrassing clowns challenge 2k20
Western people will call anything with spices "curry". Rendang is Rendang. It's NOT a curry. Fix that in your mind. Next time, don't even bother translating any asian dishes into your own words. Just call the cuisine by its original name.
New figures show that people of south Asian origin made up nearly 30 per cent of medical staff in the NHS in 2019, accounting for 32,308 employees, but this fell to eight per cent in non-medical roles  … a little less spin and a lot more action please
Happy 63rd Birthday to our Asian Elephant Tricia! Here she is enjoying one of her jumbo cakes. Find out more about Tricia:  
Are you planning to go to any of their concert this year? I'm hoping too ! Just hoping for BH to drop asian dates I've been waiting so long so I hope this tour will be my first ! #iHeartAwards #BestMusicVideo #BoyWithLuv @BTS_twt
Last time’s prevote results, left side % other group, right side is Ateez %. PLS vote on the Asian sites too. Ty!  - Japanese  - Korean (use vpn) Let’s get them a cb WIN! Keep fighting!  
I am Asian American and I endorse @AndrewYang because he inspires me and my children  …
THE GENTLEMEN was a ripping good yarn with memorable characters... I just wish it wasn’t marred by tired racist jokes. It’s really painful to hear a theater full of white people laugh at Asian names & accents. I hope none of you ever experience anything like it. #TheGentlemen
This amazing miniature ivory sculpture of the Gopuram of the Sri Ranganathaswamy temple at Srirangam is now stashed away at the asian art museum at san francisco. 
Guide Asia's favorite :tnt boys Asian artist of the year : Morissette Asia's girl group : mnl48 Asia's boy group : sb19 Asian performer: Sarah g or inigo Asian act : kz tanungan Next Big thing : sb19 Top social artist:sb19 CongratsVPChoice SB19xATIN @SB19Official
I love going to Asian parties. Free shoes everywhere
“OMG UR ASIAN?????? HOW DOES DOG TASTE?????? LOL HOW MANY FINGERS AM I HOLDING UP????????? EWWWWWW UR FOOD SO STINKY LOLLLLLLL” my elementary school experience
As a student of international politics and media both, I never take coverage of South Asian countries by western media seriously. The Economist is useful to know about the western world but  on our politics? Highly biased and factually incorrect.
me, yesterday: we should pay closer attention to why we continue to view certain aspects of traditional asian parenting as justifiable & accept them as the norm me, today: filial piety is SO A T T R A CT IVE 
I get it. Because they always cast white folks for asian roles.  …
Putin would be a good Asian because he plays piano. And I would vote for Trump on American Idol.  …
Also nominated are: Inigo Pascual and Sarah Geronimo under the 'Asian Performer of the Year' category. The TNT Boys under the 'Asia's Favorite' category. 
Ten, Lucas, Xiaojun, Winwin, and Hendery are currently nominated in Starmometer's ''100 Asian Heartthrobs of 2020'' Ten and Lucas are top 40 semi-finalists and Xiaojun, Winwin, and Hendery are nominated for the ''wild card'' who can join the finals round
I'm asian, and I can care less that Andrew yang race was. I would've endorsed a penguin if he had that much sense.
I am half Asian and I endorse @AndrewYang because he has a positive vision for our country, understands the impact of AI, great #education policies, a strong  and his wife is Evelyn Yang! 
Just watched @ZachandMattShow livestream of an @AndrewYang event. Two separate supporters donated $888 to the campaign, celebrating Yang at 8% in a national poll. Yang responded by saying 888 is an auspicious number in Asian cultures. This is true. Also, 888 x 2 = 1776! #Yang2020
every time I see “asian-flavored” I just imagine that at least one asian was killed to make the marinade
#HOPE: when i see an asian i floor it 
“White bodies”..... you do realize that “white” isn’t a body type, neither is black or asian..... right? She is tall and skinny thats it. Her body  normal and im sure ive seen more real naked women than you have mr
Proud to be one of 150+ Asian American & Pacific Islander leaders endorsing @ewarren. She has the values & vision we need, proven willingness to listen to & learn from  & practical plans for implementation from Day 1 in office.  …
Sady, did the Warren campaign ever denounce Aslee Marie Preston’s racist anti-Asian views? Asking for a friend.
“European, Asian, Caucasian girls” 
Andrew Yang support breakdown by race from the Emerson National Poll: 20.6% Latino 26.4% White 28.0% Black 21.0% Asian 3.9% Mixed  …  …
My Asian American expo outfits! ig: hakukaze 
Received the Japanese version of #MaitetsuPureStation and Asian #RomancingSaga3 from @playasia as my 397/398th physical #NintendoSwitch titles:  …  … Both support English. The available updates aren’t required to play. 
I'm offensive and I find this Asian  …
NEW College Insights poll has @BernieSanders leading in every race demographic. Amount of support for Sanders among college students: Hispanic - 50% Black - 49% Multiracial - 46% Asian - 39% White - 39% That is what a multiracial movement looks like!
And when she says nobody, she means nobody. Not the other niggers, not the white boyz, not the Latino/Hispanic boyz, damn sure not the Asian boyz and if you didn’t experience this first hand meaning as a black girl you may exit the conversation.  …
to my fellow asian diasporas in the us: stop investing in capitalism, colonialism and imperialism. the us has destroyed so many of our homelands, extracted our resources, and exploited our people. it doesn’t have your interests in mind, so stop trying to be “american”
kinda high, eyes asian 
I’m an Asian American leader and I support Bernie Sanders  …
Among Asian College Students: Sanders 39% Yang 29% Warren 19% Biden 6% Buttigieg 4% Among White College Students: Sanders 39% Warren 23% Yang 12% Buttigieg 10% Biden 7%
I was today years old when I realized @CorderoJeremiah is asian  …
the most successful Asian act in the world. 
Call for artists! We're seeking local Asian/Pacific visual artists to exhibit during Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month in May. Entries are accepted through January 29.  …
In latest @MorningConsult poll, @BernieSanders is ranked second nationally among AAPI voters (Asian American and Pacific Islanders.) Bernie has been polling first in CA which has the largest number of AAPI voters in the US.  … #AAPIforBernie 
I have not seen  that loves M huncho and DBE more than the 
I  on this all day because this endorsement DOESN’T MATTER. @AndrewYang is the only candidate that is moving Asian Americans forward. No  close, especially not @ewarren. This holds true regardless of his race. We march forward  …
Under Kohli #India won a Test series vs NZ #India won an Odi series vs NZ #India won a T20I series vs NZ Kohli is the only Asian Captain to win An Odi Series, A test series and a T20i series. Kohli is the only Indian Captain to win a T20i series v NZ. #INDvsNZ 
Told my mom let’s make a funny video PRETENDING to cut my hair & this lil Asian mf ... 
no chance in hell they'd be asking for "nuance" if gangs of white blokes were trafficking in exclusively black or Asian victims in every city of this country how about we address this specific phenomena which is clearly intrinsically related to race? why don't you like it?  …
If Azeris want to claim Armenia as their historic territory, the least they can do is hide their Central Asian eyes  …
President Trump's story to tell on what we'll call: America’s Blue-Collar Boom • 7 million jobs gained • Record-low 3.5 percent unemployment • More women in employment than men • Record low unemployment of African Americans, Hispanics, Asian-Americans and veterans (cont) 
What Yoongi wants, Yoongi gets. And it is happening on January 26!!! A historical moment not just for a Korean Act but for an Asian Act as well. PS. Yoongi please be specific next time, okay? @BTS_twt #BTS #BestMusicVideo #BoyWithLuv 
not @this babie trended all over asian countries bc of her forehead 
Last week Kendrick Perkins threatened a Nets fan, this week he is calling asian guy "Bruce Lee". It's like he is trying to get fired on his day off lol
ESPN’s Kendrick Perkins Deletes Tweet Calling an Asian Critic of His “Bruce Lee” (Deleted Tweets-Vids)  
Recently put out a casting for an East Asian female actor. 20% of the people who applied weren’t easy asian. 5% were white. One was a white guy.
@ericnamofficial spoke to ELLE Singapore about his #BeforeWeBegin World Tour, being an Asian-American artist, and so much more Check it out!  
Good Morning from the birthday girl! Tricia our Asian Elephant turns 63 today, join us at the Zoo to wish her Happy Birthday. She'll be getting jumbo cakes at 11am and 1:45pm 
Asian marinated steak , sautéed snap peas and Jasmine rice Thank you Viet Kieu Sauce Co . 
This trans legend! One of the first openly trans characters  period and SHES Asian WOC the serve!!!  …
The black delegation waiting for the next 20 something Asian female to drop an article about how much Asians hate yang so we can claim him: 
 to the #Fish Edition of #SeparatedAtBirth showcasing amazing #convergence in fishes. Behold Chaca chaca (left), an Asian chacid catfish and its South American lookalike, Lophiosilurus alexandri (right), a pseudopimilodid catfish. #FishFacts 
Asian guys thay go out with white girls
Twisted and demented.. I try to avoid posting about this person but going silently around a library and zooming in on the names of children of Asian descent is sick. The  on the video are loving it but what sort of freak does something like this? 
There is nothing racist about identifying the type of person carrying out 84% of these crimes , despite making up less than 2% of the population, and being described as 'Asian' in an attempt to conceal that identity. Now, what's your problem ?
Let me be blunt. I am an Asian American and I endorse @AndrewYang for president not because he's Asian, but because it's fucking obvious that he's the greatest modern-day problem solver this country has seen. IDGAF what your race is, I see him representing every single one of us.  …
Are there any #YangGang video editors out there who  an #AsiansforYang video in light of Asian  out to endorse other candidates?...I can't even believe we need this
no one: asian mothers in the family gc: 
“In his nostalgia for the 1960s, Imran often cites a book supposedly authored by the Nobel Prize-winning Swedish economist Gunnar Myrdal. In The Asian Miracle, Imran claims, Myrdal likened Pakistan’s development to California’s.” 1/2  …
Sad not seeing @ssbDuck on the rankings for the first time in years. I'll always see him as Melee's regularly disappointed Asian father
like how the fuck are u going to stan korean men then get mad when they’re seen with other.... koreans??? yall talking about how ur happy about asian representation but drag and  idol groups when they have interactions PLEASE make it make sense
I Heard He Working. Asian we crazy on dis hoe  …
can we please normalize and decriminalize kissing and small amounts of pda in south asian and middle eastern culture pls im tired of sneaking around
“Might change my name to ASIAN DA SAVAGE” 
I am an Asian American, and I endorse @AndrewYang. But I don't speak for Asian Americans, and you shouldn't trust anyone who claims to. Tribalism sucks. Please listen to Yang speak; research his policies; and judge him by his temperament, character, and sick axe-throwing skills.  …
Asian here. I support @AndrewYang. More than half of our local #YangGang are Asian. Many of  leaders are women. And we're growing bigger everyday. This is just one meetup. I assure you we have WAY more than your 100 talents on Yang  …
Yup. These lifelong Asian “experts” hereby endorse #AndrewYang. 
non-asians using the term "asian parenting" to explain characterization I will Pay You to be silent
And yeah, it makes me frustrated that the likes of @DaveChappelle @donaldglover, some of the best talent out there have endorsed @AndrewYang and put their weight behind him. Yet, some of the biggest Asian Am talent out there have not. Like, "What. The. Actual..."
This is NOT about identity politics. Andrew solidly has the most vital message and platform and his biggest hurdle is people not knowing ENOUGH about his platform. Just shocked there are any Asian Americans who haven't done their due diligence to research him as a candidate.
I am Asian American, and I endorse Andrew Yang for President. Pass it on. #YangGang  …
Reminder: The 19th Amendment didn't expand the right to vote to all of us. That right wasn't obtained until: -1952 for most Asian Americans -1962 for most Native Americans -1965 for most Black Americans (And some of us are still fighting for the right to vote.)  …
Asian Doll x Young Thug x Nicki Minaj  soon, bookmark this!
I’ve seen Minamino for 2 minutes today and I’m certain he’s already the best Asian in the league
GREAT NEWS FOR POTUS: ( and us ) (3) National pollsters, Rasmussen, Emerson & Marist ALL have NEW POLLS showing 30% Black, 38% Hispanic & 28% Asian support for Donald J. Trump.! Up SUBSTANTIALLY from 2016! Even FAKE CNN's NEW POLL shows non-white support up to 26%.! Po lil Dems. 
Why does she look like that one IG account that edited monolids on themselves to make them look Asian  …
Asian Development Bank (ADB) President Masatsugu Asakawa met with Pakistani Prime Minister @ImranKhanPTI at the World Economic Forum. President Asakawa reaffirmed ADB's  to Pakistan's development #Finance #Davos2020 #WEF20 #Development #Pakistan 
The inclusion of an Asian man next to a Black woman plays on the “controversial” and half-joking idea Issa shared about Asian men and Black women partnering because American society views these groups as the least attractive. via @MadameNoire  …
That’s great. As an Asian American, I support Andrew Yang for President because I am worried about subjugating the issue of racism against Asian Americans in favor of white feminism.
yet another example of how asian dudes are weird as hell. like just remove the sisters and go about your day?? “i’m not your husband” lmao cornball ass nigga  …
140+ ‘AAPI’ leaders, yet only TWO Pacific Islanders were listed in this #AAPIsWithWarren endorsement. And the policy sheet only highlights Asian Americans. K. An Open Statement from 140+ AAPI Leaders Endorsing Elizabeth Warren by AAPIsWithWarren 
Roof Rage is 70% Off for a week, the price of a cheap coffee. To celebrate Lunar New Year, what's better than a game full of martial  on rooftops and asian sceneries  
im glad woke twitter just rediscovered Tropic Thunder again and are back to being mad about RDJ for the 10th time so they'll never find out It's Always Sunny's latest season had Frank in blackface, Mac as an Asian caricature and Dennis as stereotyped Irish woman 
It looks like love, but they face their own infuriating issues. The cast is seen as a unit at best. Novelties at worst. Good luck getting global awards to recognize individual performances. It’s not happening. Lack of recognition of Asian actors as individual artists continues.
Warren declined  to the AAPI Democratic forum. Only Yang, Steyer and Tulsi came to address Asian/Pacific  Very disappointing. #YangGangFamily #YangGang
One of the greatest curry sauces you can buy. Get them in Asian supermarkets 
tbh i think a big reason for my frustration abt the grammys is bc im asian american. we get virtually NO rep in the music industry and for bts to be such big artists is so incredible to see. it feels like a slap to the face that america STILL isnt ready for an all-asian act
I think they’re not only the first Korean artists but the first Asian artists to perform...is that right?
I flew to SF that day for the fundraiser. Because he took so much ridicules, blackouts  from the media and even from some Asian Americans, I did nothing but defending and supporting him. Punchline: He made feel what mainstream media made him feel. Funny  …
I mean, yeah this is pretty wild and weird and some of us have had a good laugh about it (see stickers etc). I just hope we recognise that Asian and particularly Muslim folks are on the sharp end of Prevent which has real, and often racist, consequences in everyday life.  …
of Myanmar is that the Rohingya people are citizens of Bangladesh, as a result of British partitioning of their Asian possessions. By this law, even Bengali speaking Rohingyas with ancestry dating before Myanmar's Independence is not considered as citizens.
“One of the big things for me...is seeing the Asian  coming out...really appreciate seeing someone who looks like them onscreen“ - @TheIsaBriones on starring in #StarTrekPicard, which streams today on @CBSAllAccess. H/t  …
I was going to make a list of more than 100 self absorbed Asian-Americans who live in bubble and pretend to speak for the  but @NBCAsianAmerica beat me to  …
Spotted in Little Tokyo! LOVE this illustration of @donaldglover. "In DTLA there is a wall of banners called "Snapshots Through Time" with each banner displaying the past 132 years of the Asian  #the46campaign #DonaldGloverXAndrewYang : 
The history of Asian American activists—and the injustices they faced—is essential to understanding the story of the United States. This list can be an entryway into this rich history, too often erased in the classroom.  …
Crazy how yangs Asian jokes are offensive but pretending to be native American for decades for political and financial gang is ok  …
THIS IS WHAT I YELL AT ASIAN AMERICANS!!! THESE SHORTSIGHTED MFers DO NOT SEE THE LONG GAME IT PISSES ME OFF!!!  …
Constance Wu, Celeste Ng, @rabiasquared, & 97 other prominent Asian Americans endorse Elizabeth Warren  … via @nbcnews
A child’s father was told by police 'with it being Asians, we can't afford for this to  out' or the town 'would erupt'. ..THEN THE TOWN DESERVED TO ERUPT..Police in Rotherham who left Asian grooming gangs free to rape girls must be named says MP  …
The biggest white supremacist in the Tory party is a South Asian woman  …
The media gives Andrew Yang more crap about being an actual Asian-American than they gave Elizabeth Warren for being a fake Native American  …
Another year of drag race another year hoping an Asian queen doesn't do an embarrassingly racist caricature to please Ru
Most people I meet always ask me if I'm Asian because of my eyes...But then, their surprised when they hear me speak Spanish. Never gets old! 
The director also agreed to direct a Hindi film for Devgn, which the Tanhaji actor would produce. “But at that point of time, Rajamouli  to doing a Telugu film with Prabhas, so he did Baahubali. But now it’s time to do a Hindi film with Ajay Devgan,” - Asian Age
Mara, a 52-year-old Asian elephant, is trading in her life at the Buenos Aires Zoo for a vast elephant sanctuary in Brazil. 
CM Shri @vijayrupanibjp inaugurated 73rd annual conference of Indian Radiological & Imaging Association #IRIA2020 & Asian Radiology Forum at Mahatma Mandir,Gandhinagar and stressed on the need for application of tele-radiology especially in remote areas for the welfare of mankind 
one case of coronavirus here in my city... it’s worse in asian countries. i hope YG can reconsider sechskies and winner’s schedule in the highly affected areas. or at least make preparations to ensure they’re going about their schedules in the safest way possible.
Meet Mammuthus!  known as the Woolly Mammoth, this beast is a close relative of today’s Asian Elephant, sporting a woolly coat not seen in any of its modern cousins. 
So, I’m glad to join, many, *many* other Americans of Asian or Pacific Islander descent in supporting @ewarren. You see that the list of supporters  …
Learning in progress, my take on Asian food! 1) Ayam Lemak 2) Man, Roti Canai Koyak Koyak Bangir Satu!! 3) Aglio Olio Smoke Salmon Salted Egg Yolk Foam 4) Satay Ayam Burger Still here and there on my Asian fusion, its not easy to mix and match with other cuisine 
I read "An Open Statement from 140+ Asian American and Pacific Islander Leaders Endorsing Elizabeth Warren". There is no mention at all of Native peoples and our concerns. Are the writers and signees unaware of our concerns?
Not this Asian #YangGang all the way.
Also, thank you to our non-Latinx Black & Asian & Middle Eastern folks for your solidarity with the  regarding #americandirt May we all continue to speak out for each other & fight the white supremacy of this industry together
My question is: how bad is this, really? We've seen other Asian flu/virus outbreaks in the past, their dangers were hyped, and their effects, on the whole, seemed less dramatic than predicted. If there's no hemorrhagic fever or zombies, I feel like it's going to be ok.  …
The full list of over 140 Asian American & Pacific Islander leaders who, today, have endorsed @ewarren for president of the United States—as reported by @NBCAsianAmerica. Proud to be among so many amazing creators, innovators, activists, artists and advocates as  …
Proud to be in  of so many amazing Asian American leaders. #AAPIsWithWarren An Open Statement from 140+ Asian American and Pacific Islander Leaders Endorsing Elizabeth Warren  …
Exclusive: More than 100 Asian American and Pacific Islander creatives, activists, and academics have endorsed Sen. Elizabeth Warren.  …
Awkwafina and The Trend of Asian American Creatives Using Anti-Blackness To Enter Hollywood  … via @wearyourvoice
Honored to stand with >140 Asian American/Pacific Islander leaders in support of @ewarren:  … #WithWarren #AAPIsWithWarren
Another way of looking at it is that these meritocratic mechanisms themselves(aided by Asian immigration)became too much even for many upper middle class parents,which brought on the Great Awokening. This was what my American Mind piece was mostly about  …
thinking abt that time in high school a skinny asian boy aka a peeping tom fell through our lockeroom ceiling during lunch- confessed for doing it for a couple of YEARS & didn’t even get arrested
copy+paste this energy when the  asking about who these hot asian boys are at the grammys 
The way some refer to the Asian market puts me off, man. 
Kimono. Netsuke. Shunga. Ukiyo-e. All words you can find in our Asian Pavilion, home to all kinds of Japanese art. In 'Japanese art for dummies', we explain 10 essential terms!  
 news! Huge thanks to  member @IrvineIqbal for instigating the talks that led to this. Better representation is needed on UK stages. We look forward to seeing more South Asian performers (not necessarily in saris or turbans) working in musical theatre.  …
The of choice moon palace, first ballot entry into the #uglydelicious hall of fame & asian american 
the things i got when i tried to interact: - omg you're a baby ARMY? - omg you're asian? - i thought you won't notice/ i'm scared to be your friend what's so shocking about that and why are you scared
Shifting world’s focus to Pakistan for all the right reasons. PM @ImranKhanPTI positions Pakistan as a flag-bearer of peace in the Asian region & the best travel destination for mountain tourism. 
1. @ForeignAffairs Affairs writers @msaltskog and Collin P. Clarke say US should offer to collaborate with PRC on counterterrorism in order to convince CCP to stop persecuting and interning Xinjiang's Central Asian people. This view is naive, mistaken:  …
Clearly not Asian enough to understand the fact that she's swimming isolated with banana trees. GIRL.  …
Her own research shows that 96% of gang-groomers are Asian. 
What does a 15 day old Asian rhinoceros look like? Hint: it’s on the right. Australia’s #newColomboPlan supporting conservation in Nepal. Thanks to National Trust for Nature Conservation and #newColomboPlan who rescued this cutie. 
2NE1's 2015 Mnet Asian Music Awards perf. reaches 39M views on YouTube - still the most viewed girl group performance in MAMA History! #2NE1 @chaelinCL @haroobomkum @mingkki21 
Wildlife Park in US is expanding to Asian elephants, claiming they will “offer an experience unlike any other to see Asian and African elephants in a herd together." ...but they are two different species, and don't get along. This likely won't end well... 
Beyond its health effects, the economic impact of nCoV will be greater, shutting down China's urban centers/Asian markets. We're developing #vaccines, but it's difficult to secure even modest investments to have them ready to go for situations like  …
asian cutie 
No matter what's happening with the #CoronavirusOutbreak, that doesn't mean your shitty  about people of Asian descent, specifically Chinese folks, are now suddenly ok. Keep that garbage to yourself.
I could really do with an asian mate in this shitty sixth form
Oh Woke Is Me! 1) Doctor Who is now a woman 2) The Wokers want James Bond to played by a woman 3) David Copperfield is now Asian. 4) I will be casting Will Smith in the role of "Florence Nightingale" in my next blockbuster movie, and I hope Oprah Winfrey will play "Churchill"  …
Bcs asian moms are even scarier than grim reaper
Today we announce a landmark exhibition exploring Tantra – the radical South Asian philosophy that transformed the religious, cultural and political landscape of India and beyond  
Today’s a new day. Thank you for all your kind words & support. Sadly these occurrences are  than one would hope. Being Asian & disabled means I’m seen as easy pickings but don’t worry, it takes a lot to wipe the smile off my face. #KikaAndMe  
These are all reasons why I'm endorsing @ewarren, and doing so with passion. And I'm not alone. I'm proud to be among over 140 Asian American/Pacific Islander leaders who are collectively announcing our support of Elizabeth Warren today, at this link:  … (17)
And among them, @ewarren has surrounded herself with over 100 Asian American staffers, from field organizers and operations team members, all the way to the very top, with campaign manager @RogerLau and policy director @GaneshSitaraman. (16)
And for me and a lot of other Asian Americans, the fact that she's done that extra homework makes all the difference. So too does the team she's doing it with, perhaps the most diverse of any candidate: 40% people of color. Over 60% women, nonbinary or gender nonconforming. (15)
The SUPER SPIKES Of Asian Men's Volleyball! Check out these super super super spikes featuring various players who played at the @avcvolley Asian #Tokyo2020 Qualification Tournament. For #FIVBCOQT Recap:  
Attending #WUF10 in Abu Dhabi next month? Join our partners from Asia-Pacific as we share highlights from the Future of Asian & Pacific Cities Report on the latest urban innovations in resilience, planning, finance & smart cities from the region.  
Its 2020, how can a book like this be on sale in a London Museum when it omits mention of Lascars and Black or S.Asian crewmen? Why are these still #hiddenhistories of the 
I read this somewhere that asian people should got A because without an A, Asian is just sian.
Suphachok Sarachart is one of Asian players who are chosen to be #PES2020 feature players in this week for MyClub mode. It's time to waste my coins for him! #PES2020 
GD is in Chanel homepage This is what the first asian global ambassador deserves  
Be Bold Be Brave Be Fearless A whole new level of blondness this 2020 @thegreat_bill x @barbieken @_ejreyes #ejeyed #masterpiece #haircolors #blondehair #newlook #newhair #me #smile #love #photooftheday #goodvibes #positivevibes #barbieken #pinoy #asian 
In the early 1960s, some very smart people believed that African nations would be more successful post Independence than Asian nations. After all, Africa had more natural resources. But that didn't happen. Asia had certain intangible advantages over Africa.
I really wish people on food shows would quit saying “Asian flavors” for anything with soy sauce and/or mirin.
The Indian rupee has  one of the worst performers among its Asian peers in the past year, with the exception of the South Korean won and the Pakistani rupee. | Krishna Kant writes.  …
okay everyone says this was So Bad of xue yang but like. this is exactly how asian families give you ‘advice’ we suck. 
What do you think @laurenduca meant? @AndrewYang has a soft power approach? Or just continuing a century long practice of emasculating Asian men in our media?  …
Nepal establishes a health desk at Tribhuvan Intl Airport for screening of passengers keeping views of #coronaviruses outbreak in China and various East-Asian countries 
I am the first nonbinary Asian American the Bachelor. in the first ep I eliminate 6 for being "too obsessed with me." I vomit in terror during our group helicopter date over Borneo. finalists get to meet my family who are like "what is jes doing NOW??"
So pleased to see Anna May Wong as the Google doodle today! She's an icon and one of my personal heroes. Despite stereotyping and racism, she became one of the first Asian American stars. Her life was not an easy one, but she persevered and left behind a great legacy! 
"What it's like to never ever see yourself on TV." Author Charles Yu on growing up Asian in America 
In the 1980s our people were astounded during visits to a West Asian country when they found that the latest capital goods related to dual-use applications had been sourced from Europe with oil money, while India was being denied equipment even a generation behind at that time.
Why does it look like we are all leaning to our left? " Thanks  through Asian Hollywood fam! :) @DEADLINE 
Congratulations to Hung Fut Scotland for their lion dance performance at Ibrox last night. It’s amazing to see some Asian culture celebrated at a Rangers game. Happy Lunar New Year web.  Kung Hei Fat Choi! #ChineseNewYear #EveryoneAnyone  …
What it meant to have Jedha, being pronounced like Jeddah, shown to be an important site for the Jedi. And Bodhi Rook being called a local boy. Show two East Asian men as followers of The Force, but who were not jedi. Hints ar a non-white history of The Force and Force users.
asian excellence we love to see it  …
“Do you have any hobbies?” “My mossarium.” “Your what?!” “I grow a variety of European and Asian mosses, mostly riparium motifs.” “Wait, what?” “It’s a sub-discipline of aquscaping. Really I consider myself intermediate level.” “There’s advanced?” 
Epic shout-out also to @yumichild and the team behind @SBS's 'Is Australia Sexist?' – which won the Asian Television Awards' Best Documentary Program (One-off/Special). (via @Martin_Bonobo) GOING OFF,  …
Asian and  watch out.  …
Whenever I see a brown person dating an asian I’m like “dang check out this Silk Road power couple over here”
Asian shares wilt, oil tumbles as China virus spreads  
Oh you’re Asian? Name every mathematic formula
This is how every Asian twitter dude slides into an asian girls DM 
**MISSING PERSON ALERT** ⁦Carol Chan, 68year old Asian female, last seen in the 13900 block of E.14th St. In San Leandro today at 3:45PM. She is wearing a red, 3/4length coat & jeans. She may suffer from Dementia and is not familiar with the area. ⁦ 
I'll do it if you slash your internet prices and raise your quality to match the South East Asian region's. Deal?  …
Woke Prog. News Media - @ewarren - She apologized about claiming Native American heritage, get over it. @BernieSanders - He fights for us against the establishment, so of course he has only passed a handful of legislation. @AndrewYang - He makes Asian jokes, let's expose him.
Hi all, this applies to other Asian restaurants as well, including Vietnamese, Korean, Laos, and more! Always be kind please :)  …
Book 2 of 12 of my South Asian Authors Interview Project. @tarankhan ‘s amazing 
Throwback Thursday: When Choi SeungHyun curated for Sotheby’s HongKong earning $17.4M which then donated a portion of the proceeds to the Asian Cultural Council, a nonprofit organization, that supports young Asian artists. 
This is such a bad error. So bad. This kind of thing happens to Asian writers FREQUENTLY. We often get our names swapped for each others' or asked to sign each others' books or....it's very frequent. But I cannot fathom pulling a photo that wasn't from the author's website!  …
i 4got what was going on here but i'm pretty sure i was trying to get @LucienDodge @diamondsong @ItsXanthor @deva_marie and @WritingMadness to invest in the south east asian gold market 
Stoked to announce the final season of The Family Law just won Best Comedy Program at the 24th Asian Television Awards! So damn proud we could export this lil'  out story beyond Australia. Thanks for the love, Asia!  
Man, there were a lot of old movies with Asian stars who weren't actually... Asian.
Sharing the ID cards of some of the Asian countries and our neighbours. Bas India ko hi dharmshala banana hai. 
Asian Zac Efron or is it just me  …
I’ve said it once and I’ll say it again, I’d sell my soul (or body) to have a sexy man bring/cook me Asian and Indian food 3-5 times a day.
Any Asian woman on a  show: I'm just here to prove to my parents that I didn't make a mistake to not  a doctor
i love asian snacks <3 
A 18 year old Asian-American stabbed to death in Sacramento by a transient Thank God Asian-American journalists have their priorities straight attacking Andrew Yang’s model minority jokes and Awkwafina’s blaccent  …
Very cool! --> Wednesday’s #GoogleDoodle celebrates one of the first Asian American movie stars, Anna May Wong. By @AsAmNews  
Are you promoting the tour? Can we get the Asian leg of the tour sold out? Lets work hard! Get your tickets now BKK  (Day 2 only) SG  KL  … MAC TPE #GOT7 @GOT7Official #GOT7WORLDTOUR #GOT7_KEEPSPINNING
How the hell did bro find an asian woman that’s 6’3?  …
A policemen has a reason to investigate a house. Finds an underage girl in a room with a group of adult Asian men, she's under the influence of drink and/or drugs, and they don't suspect or arrest? Can anyone be that stupid? No. They are guilty of aiding and abetting gang rape.  …
Those Asian White Supremacists are the worst! They keep trying to force me into wearing white ninja pajamas... 
if u get ur feelings played by an asian dude with a perm, that is On YOU.
bc yknow what? the tour shows? fine. it’s their money, whatever. fine. but the m&g? the signings?? the ASIA SHIT??? there’s opportunities for like what, 3 asian fans to meet him, and they’re TRYING TO TAKE THOSE SPOTS. EVEN THOUGH THEYRE BUDDY BUDDY W HIM. it’s so gross.
Great meeting with @acacstl proud of all the great growth they have had growing cricket in St. Louis. Love some of the ideas on how to partner together! ICYMI the Indian and South Asian population is the fastest growing in #stl. Strong support for #mls4thelou! Thank you! 
New York City Time Square: Ad to support @AndrewYang Go #AndrewYang #YangGang2020 #Yang2020 #sdyanggang Sponsored by Asian Americans! 
The @USCensusBureau has chosen to publicize the  #2020Census to the  by mostly choosing media outlets under the influence of the  …
I can’t believe I’m saying this but i much prefer kpop twitter over woke Asian twitter
Asian girls in the bay personality traits are knowing 2 Mac Dre songs and drinking Boba
LOVEBOAT, TAIPEI made the @nytimes best seller list AGAIN! Climbed one spot to #8! I am blown away—thank you to all who have put this Asian American romcom on the map! 
"Asian American actors are underrepresented even now, so amazingly Anna May Wong was so active right at the beginning of film history, bridging the gap between silent films and talkies." — @sophiediao, the artist behind today's #AnnaMayWong Google  …
Did you know one of the top rookies in the NFL this season was half Asian @trapp07 on the LA @ramsnfl ? Watch him speak Mandarin, talk about his traditional upbringing and why he wants to rep the 
I'm not Asian, so I don't want to get too deep into this, but this kind of stuff has to stop at some point. As a human being, Yang should be able to play the piano without it being an "Asian joke." Am I out of line to say that this is silly when Yang is trying to end poverty.  …
He says nothing about being Asian in his joke. There was a piano there, he knows how to play piano, so he makes a joke saying they came to see him play. What is wrong with you???
JAPANESE GOVERNMENT WORRIED ABOUT BREXIT It has issued warnings on behalf of 1,000  based in UK, saying they are halting investment and moving operations to Europe. Nikkei Asian Review says 70% of Japanese manufacturers “feel a negative impact from Brexit”.
And a portion of the sales went toward the Asian Cultural Council which provides grants for artists. So they can create more art.  …
Interesting how white people really wanna celebrate Parasite and kpop but don't feel like doing any Asian labor such as teaching everyone else how to correctly read our Asian names, by interesting I mean exhausting
You could hear this agonizing from our letter-writer, Amy. Her all-white friend group teased her for being Asian, which she alternately ignored/excused/laughed off. In the raw audio, she was embarrassed, defensive, and at a loss abt how to fix it.
.@BD_WONG on what it means to have a show featuring an Asian family that’s not about how they’re Asian. Watch @norafromqueens tonight on Comedy Central at 
The racism being directed at @Chinese4Labour and the East  today is abhorrent and must be tackled head on. This kind of poisonous rhetoric has no place in our political debate or our society.  …
Something David said that struck me was how they found that the "problems of race" manifested differently in the psychic lives of Asian Am across generations: Gen Xers like him showed up at the clinic with depression. But younger millennials + Gen-Zers present w/ anxiety.
The US is already using coronavirus fear to scaremonger, mistreat, and descriminate against Asian people, and Asian americans, Chinese or not, visiting or local. If the diaspora cares about its “identity”, it would be wise to defend all Asians against these racist attacks.
The shady economist is at it again. They won't tell you that 92% of these immigrants are/were European with the remainder being mostly east Asian. They want to put ALL immigrants under this same umbrella so that you naively support open borders thinking all immigrants are equal.  …
Thank you to the @ComedyCentral PR who sent us Thai dumplings to promote @awkwafina's new show even though they are neither Chinese jiaozi or Korean mandu. Another classic Hollywood Asian mix-up aside, watch @NoraFromQueens everyone!! It's a  – at The Hollywood Reporter
An outbreak of new coronavirus in China has killed at least 17 people and sickened more than 500, and has fueled fears of a deadly epidemic as hundreds of millions of people travel in China, or around the Asian region, for the Lunar New Year holiday 
Isn't woke Twitter meant  collect her for appropriating south east Asian culture?
NOPE is what I say to elitist-woke Asian American “experts” who claim they are speaking for me and the vast majority of Asian Americans by trying to cancel/smear the only presidential candidate who has plans to eradicate poverty. AND PLEASE WAKE UP, STOP HYPING IDENTITY POLITICS
board game twitter on MLK Day: we need to do better about uplifting marginalized voices and making sure we're not disrespecting other people and cultures board game twitter literally two days later: can't wait to get the hot new game from a white dude using an Asian pseudonym
Like I’m not even talking about board games or politics or legalities or whatever the fuck people want to turn this into. Just let it boil down to yeah we are human and if an asian person says “yo this sucks it feels shitty” then like, maybe listen or something idfk. Ugh.
Today's #GoogleDoodle celebrates Anna May Wong, the first Chinese-American movie star in Hollywood. She's just one Asian trailblazer in film worth learning about. #representationmatters 
the Wuhan coronavirus is scary stuff, but i beg you to please keep your biases in check here: if an asian person coughs in public, it does NOT necessarily mean they're a carrier. don't fall prey to this racist fearmongering and don't let it stand when you see or hear it.
These 5 South Asian men are still on hunger strike, still in detention, and two of them are still being force-fed. Call 504-599-7889 ad join us in demanding their release.  …
(G)I-DLE manager Asian  on their Instagram. “Who run the world (GIRLS)” #G_I_DLE 
All those journalists and MP's who appeased these "Asian" gangs and still excuse the torture, rape and murder - you enabled them to operate with impunity - you should be locked up with them and the keys destroyed.  …
Trump Economy: Lowest overall unemployment rate in 50 yrs Historically low Black, Hispanic, Asian, veteran unemployment rates Opp Zones 7M new jobs Cutting regulations Read my thoughts on why the Dems are really trying to impeach here:  …
 … When you write up Pete playing in the same way you all have about Andrew, I will take you seriously. You scrutinize Yang because he is Asian and playing the piano but don’t when a white man plays the piano. That’s not on Yang. That’s on you.
I learnt something new today. The Asian "elite" eat their own, apparently Asian existence is just one big stereotype. Not for jokes at any point in the video, but for simply existing & playing a piano, coz Asians playing the piano is bad. This is why we can't have nice things.  …
First Asian Green Lantern? Um... no? You're 20 years late.  
In which I ask  at the expense of Asian Americans still feels socially permissible for  …
"For much of my life, I’ve been the Asian Guy. Not the Tall Guy. Not the Cool Guy. I’m not the New Guy, or the Guy with Black Hair. Or the Guy in the Striped Shirt or even the Guy Who Is Talking Right Now."  …
Nida Manzoor is the first south Asian woman to direct a Doctor Who Episode She did a great job in Tesla and I can’t wait to see what work she’s done in Sundays Episode ! 
Hmm. I love Lizzo but this is not a look. The Apsara female  from Hindu/Buddhist cultures in many Southeast Asian countries such as Cambodia, India, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand etc. 
Hey Emily. I'm not sure what Andrew Yang playing the piano has to do with him "reclaiming"stereotypes with "Asian" jokes. In the video, he makes a joke about his piano teacher. There's no mention of being Asian or Chinese. The two topics don't correlate.
Where exactly is the Asian joke in here. Are you assuming he is making an Asian joke... An AsAm Presidency would have a huge impact on battling stereotypes used against AsAms. Why do we eat our own to be the "model minority" amongst our friends?
If you ever wanna know what its like to be an asian male in America just look up at the experience @AndrewYang has had. “O I like him but he’ll never make it” an other variations of that. Were constantly marginalized, not taken serious and laughed, at etc. Glad he’s bring it to
The Tokyo 2020 Olympic boxing qualifying tournament for the Asian and Oceanian region has been canceled due to the deadly coronavirus outbreak, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) confirms in a statement. 
[ #WorkOfTheDay] This scar faced statues are antropomorphic snake dragons belonging to Central Asian mythology. Embodying the forces of the underworld, the scar was made to ward off their evil power  
*filling out form* Ethnicity Hispanic or Latino Non-Hispanic or Latino Race Black Native Hawaiian American Indian Asian White Other ?????
. @BTS_twt is #1 on the Billboard Social 50 chart for a 162nd weeks They remain the only Asian act with most weeks at N°1 on the Billboard Social 50
Hey @Oprah, I think you should meet my friend @AndrewYang! He has been called the Asian Oprah, and I think you two would not only get along but see eye to eye on a lot of issues we face as a country. #YangOprah
no one is arguing that lol it’s creepy to say black and asian babies are my favorite “combo”
@emilyngo “Experts?” You gotta be kidding us. @NBCAsianAmerica @MSNBC the same network that smeared him, omitted him from 20 graphics, called him the wrong name & used pictures of random Asian ppl? I don’t trust these “experts” & 1 Asian writer doesn’t represent us. 
I don't know anything about why these people are so called "experts." I'm Asian, I grew up poor and bullied by racist Black, brown and white kids and now I'm a engineer who has worked in the govt, with NASA and now in the automation industry. Yang makes me feel proud to be Asian.
This is the power of #KheloIndia as Ancy Sojan, who won 100 meters and long Jump at Khelo India Youth Games, Guwahati along with Sandra Babu have been picked in the 25-member Indian squad for the 9th Asian Indoor Athletics Championships that will be held in Hangzhou, China. 
I would love to read one piece about Asian American racism that does not reference Sixteen Candles. Just once!!!!
This is the greatest Witch Hunt - this started the day we came down the escalator. What’s driven Dems crazy is record unemployment - African American, Asian American, Hispanic American - tremendous success they’ve never seen before! - 
totally missed yesterday where in lauren duca's psycho 'divine feminine' piece, the example she used of a man with feminine energy is the one asian person running, andrew yang. HM!!!!!! 
President Trump just now 7M new jobs Ave unemployment rate lower than any President in History Lowest African American, Asian, and Hispanic unemployment in history Youth African American unemployment lowest in History Female Unemployment at 70yr low #WednesdayWisdom
Being a stay-at-home mother is white supremacy now? All those Asian, black and Hispanic housewives must hate their own race for wanting to take care of their husbands and children.  …
A rough estimate of Black/White Civil Rights Participation looks like 98% Black, 2% White, 0% Hispanic, Asian, East Indian etc. "People of Color" Sat On The Sidelines While Black Americans Did All Of The Work. Now The Democrats Want To Give Them Unearned Benefits For NOTHING!  …
On the NPF @Chinese4Labour members have made a real impact on policies re: foreign affairs, gambling, mental health, small business and equality in the workplace. We are proud that @SarahOwen_ served on Labour's NEC and is the first woman of E Asian heritage in the HoC. 5/5
I’m Asian, experienced racism my whole life, so fuck it, I’m an expert. I’m damn proud of Andrew Yang. You see a self-hating Asian man, I see an Asian man currently leading a nat’l movement of all races, shaking off the stigma of Asian men as uncharismatic passive non-leaders.
Fella attacks older Asian lady in Vegas elevator: Snake eyes! 
I actually support yang and I’m a republican. I think an Asian president is a great idea.
I told a friend I was looking forward to the Asian version of American Dirt and he reminded me that Memoirs of a Geisha exists, so now I'm *really* looking forward to the American Dirt movie, starring someone of literally any heritage besides Mexican
In the early 1980s, the U.S. announced that the ‘yellow rain’ that had been seen in Vietnam and Laos was a Soviet biological weapon. It is now generally accepted that it was pollen excreted by giant Asian honeybees.
I do this while watching TV. I'm like an Asian spotter. "Look! There's an Asian dude in  "Look! That's a mixed-race family!" I can't help it. It's like seeing a rare bird.  …
Especially Asian twitter.. “Oh Allah forgive me if I’m ever ungrateful ” *insert a pic of African kids*
The @USCensusBureau chose to publicize the  #2020Census to the  by mostly choosing media outlets under the influence of the #Chinese regime, including one that is a registered foreign agent.  …
January is a big month for our Asian small-clawed otters: all 4 are celebrating birthdays! Our boys DJ and Jimmy are 14, Jelly is 9 & Tasanee is now 6. Their keepers thought that since it’s a little chilly and dreary, the otters might enjoy a nice, tropical, beach party! 
When I saw the Google Doodle of Anna May Wong, I thought, "Is that--no, it can't be--they'd never make a Google doodle of--but wait, it totally is!" I was legitimately surprised. Just as I am when I see an Asian in  That's the level of representation we're at.
seeing Anna May Wong as the Google Doodle today made me very happy the first Asian American internationally-acclaimed movie star, who worked in many films (silent and talkies) and stage plays while fighting against the racism and stereotyped Asian roles in Hollywood 
In the CNN poll, Sanders leads among "white" and "non-white," but in Monmouth: White, non-Hispanic Biden 27% Sanders 20% Warren 17% Buttigieg 10% Hispanic/Black/Asian/other Biden 34% Sanders 26% Warren 11% Bloomberg 8% Klobuchar 4% Yang 2%
‘Seven floors, a base and a roof with  this large tower’, Jan van Campen, our Curator of Asian Export Art, tells. ‘Each segment has a round hole in the center that fits onto a long rod, which adds stability.'  
GUESS WHO'S ANNIVERSARY IT IS? Anna May Wong's! She was a true trail blazer for Asian actors and actresses. A woman that lived a life filled with racism, stereotyping and pain. A strong woman that pressed forward, with a life story that should be both admired and learned from 
Theres a huge amount of asian american support waiting  out depending on how well Yang performs in Iowa. Also lots of political endorsements waiting  out based on same performance meassures. I think people just want to know he's viable. Iowa is the test.
Why do you guys keep saying things like this, it is literally xenophobic. So Asian achievements are nothing  to their western counterparts?? How do you think? Stadium is stadium whether in asia or UK  …
Whats with asian dude tho lol
World stocks shake off China virus worries, as the Asian nation endeavored to contain the spread of the coronavirus  
Southeast  looking to list in Hong Kong may be better off staying at home 
The US Census Bureau has chosen to publicize the  #Census2020 to the  by mostly choosing media outlets under influence of the Chinese regime…[&] is overlooking the audience that does object to [reading &] watching regime propaganda.  …
waiting for u guys to realize all asians look different and they’re all valid? like just cos she’s more white passing DOESNT invalidate the fact she’s asian? does it not occur to u that other girls look like olivia?! DOES IT NOT?
if you're not the slightest bit asian, if you have 0% asian in you, i will k word you if i ever hear the word ching chong or  out of your mouth you ugly ass bitch 
ATTENTION--DESIMYS . . . This is our golden opportunity! Visit  -> there's a poll for BTS Asian Tour 2020, pls select India guys! We're already doing pretty decent, let's make it to to the top 
If an individual were an Uber driver and refused service to people of South Asian descent because one "didn't want the car to smell of curry" they would, quite rightly, be accused of racism, probably lose their job, and people would generally be OK with this. 1/(some)
I eat some cassava, because I don't eat your European food and your Asian foods. I eat our food; which is cassava, some bananas, millets and our vegetables - Museveni  …
As to why this is bad - textbook cultural appropriation. Use an east Asian name to get diversity points without having to go through the experience of being east asian. Identities are not a suit you can wear when it fits you. I cannot take my identity off.
Asian tiger mothers please kindly step aside for the Asian sabertooth tiger mother, like mine, who replaced our bathroom art with a handwritten chart of the characters in _Dream of the Red Mansions_ lest we waste time/forget 
A CALL TO ASIAN AMERICANS: All 5 millions of us each donates $20 to @AndrewYang Because of Andrew Yang, for young Asian Americans: * Dreams  bigger * Glass ceiling gets shattered * Future turns brighter  
Love seeing Anna May Wong featured in today’s #GoogleDoodle on the anniversary of her 1st starring role. Born to Chinese immigrants, Wong is considered the 1st internationally recognized Asian American actress. Also a style icon who could rock all sides of the fashion spectrum! 
types of asian girls, tag yourself i'm hannah holding nachimbong, i am who album and chan's fan (but yes fangirling over your own brother!!) 
Under Kohli! India Won a TEST series vs NZ India won an ODI series vs NZ India won a T20I series vs NZ *Kohli is the only Asian captain to win An ODI series , A test series and a T20I series *Kohli is the only Indian captain to win a T20I series vs NZ @imVkohli #INDvNZ
put a finger down asian edition w maggie @kurommei 
MAP OF THE SOUTHEAST ASIAN: NONE
Asian Development Bank President held important meeting with PM Imran Khan in Davos  
Yo, Some creepy shi% right here. You can’t have a teenage Asian anime fetish and see my daughter. Unless you have an good dental plan I would advise against it..... 
cloinoid levi looks like a ハーフ so i stand by my headcanon that levi is half asian half white 
Bangladesh, India and Nepal have finalised the initiative to open a road network connecting the three South Asian nations: Passenger, cargo vehicles to run uninterruptedly; protocols to be finalized on Jan 31  …
The BBC was keen to indulge the notion that Megham has been a victim of racism (many didn't realise she was half black)  ignoring young white girls who were raped, abused or forced fed drugs by dozens of “Asian” (Pakistani-heritage) men.  …
The @SILeedsLitPrize is open for entries. It's a national prize for Black & Asian women writers. Enter here>>>  Pls RT!
It’s a sad state of affairs for Asian Americans that we support ANY Asian political candidates just to get representation, knowing some of them will turn their back on us once they get big. But it’s still so much better than before.  …
My South Asian folks are so chill about me never wanting to get married is coz they gave up on me when they saw me working at a bar at 25 with a Master's Degree they paid for. Once you lower the bar, they lower their expectations.
President of Asian Development Bank (ADB) Mr. Masatsugu Asakawa called on Prime Minister @ImranKhanPTI on the sidelines of WEF Annual Meeting 2020 at Davos. #ImranKhanInDavos 
Good Morning to African, South East Asian, Austrailian and Indian ARMYs only. The rest of you can get your good morning from Bighit
Going Green level: Asian.  …
In 2020, the world is entering the Asian Century via @wef #WEF2020 #MegaTrends @alvinfoo @TopCyberNews @chboursin @mvollmer1 @NevilleGaunt @Julez_Norton @JoannMoretti @sarbjeetjohal @DigitalColmer  @Fabriziobustama @kalydeoo @YuHelenYu @kuriharan @AkwyZ 
asian foods are the best 
Had a Discussion with Delegation of South Asian Chamber of Commerce and Industry and World Book of Records, London about New Relations between India and South Korea. 
Asian parents when their kids lock their door  …
bighit: *drops tour dates* tour dates: * half are in the US, and the other half in japan and SK" european, middle eastern, south asian, and african armys in the corner:  …
Have a nice day for everyone on Twitter, I like so much Asian culture and Buddhist temples, very nice view! Be happy, keep smiling! 
“bts won’t be going to southeast asian countries”  …
My Mum is being peak Asian 
BTS will be the first Asian Act to hold a stadium concert in Canada with Rogers Centre. #BTSARMY #BestFanArmy #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
Listening to piers about sandhurst leaders being resilient and stoic... my dad.. a black man went to sandhurst as did many black and Asian army officers... are they ever mentioned
If there is a confirmed case of corona virus in Cebu &you know there are multiple cases in China.. wouldn’t you think to have all  in from China and other Asian countries suspended?? Or do yall really prioritize the tourism&money over the health of locals that bad?
You know with the  from Keturah, Abraham of the middle east-Jewish progeny.. I feel abit frustrated that these people refuse to accept the reality as it is laid bare.. That South East Asian people are austranasian-indo china origin/native.. They're not proud of that.
Fun Fact: Olympiastadion Stadium is the 3rd largest stadium in Germany (after Signal Iduna Park & Allianz Arena) BTS will be the first Asian Act to hold a concert there! #BTSARMY #BestFanArmy #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt
Shit. It looks like the Muslim Ban might  to South Asian nations. Burma/Myanmar's on the list of potential targets.  …
Google Doodle today is celebrating Anna May Wong. A tragic and much under-appreciated figure in American history. She fought hard for more positive and leading film roles for Asian performers, but the racism of the film industry handicapped much of her efforts and career.  …
I barely perceived race until I went to uni where malicious professors were hard at work pitting every race at each other's throats to prove flaccid ideological points. Had Mexican, Indian, Asian, even Italian friends growing up but they were friends independent of those labels. 
Worse than Asian financial crisis that began with investors being skittish about the handover to the Chinese on July 1, 1997. It looks to be tracking down further than the SARS epidemic and approaching the GFC run rate
A Canadian standing outside the Supreme Court in Vancouver in support of Huawei's Meng Wanzhou said she was paid by an Asian woman to do so.  …
so a wh*te man thought it’d be cute to call me his “asian persuasion” so i called him my “colonizer pollenizer” and now I’m blocked 
"What it's like to never ever see yourself on TV." Author Charles Yu on growing up Asian in America 
worth mentioning: 1. every major south asian historian of note who  on bose's book—namely, srinath raghavan, urvashi butalia, and naeem mohaiemen—have categorically decried its methodology, idealogical biases, and characterize it as, more or less, genocide apologia
BIGHIT: RELEASED MOTS TOUR DATES IN LA, JAPAN AND KOREA SOUTH ASIAN AND AFRICAN ARMYS: 
imagine.... ur an asian.....perpetuating racist asian stereotypes because u want validation..... imagine
This article is a must read because 1) it’s spot on and 2) it explains a large part of the reason South Asian Americans avoid yoga in America and 3) it’s by Wellesley alum @kukzandladders  …
Surya 14th century Nepal (Kathmandu valley) Origins can be traced to Rigveda, & conventional West Asian mode of dress affirms links to solar cults of early Iran. wears a tunic 2 high boots typical of early Iranian imagery & holds 2 lotuses in full bloom—emblems of power of sun. 
Asian countries — including the Philippines — have been on high alert following the outbreak of a new, mysterious coronavirus in China. We help you understand this large group of viruses and how you can protect yourself from it  
New name for West Mesa neighborhood highlights area's growing Asian business presence. @jlumfox10 
Give me more asian movies that are meaningful and make you cry, these are my faves atm 
Had a 6th grade student once who heard that some Asian students were able to access nude photos at school by typing in Japanese. His attempt was a search for "German bobs." It didn't work.
When idiots try to hand off the dirty, white privilege rag onto the  bc they allege we’re not true minorities or POC, and that we “benefit” from white privilege, and AAPI are adjacent to white supremacy... F* off already.  …
How southeast asian armys be looking at their tl and seeing their western moots get all excited for the tour #MapOfTheSoulTour 
An audience with #Asian #elephants from inside #ChiangRai’s #JungleBubbles. Checking in at #Anantara #GoldenTriangle #ElephantCamp’s bubble tent.  
Theyre literally marketing Cassandra Cain as a petty pickpocketer...They seriously casted a filipino for an east asian character and then reduced her to a petty thief??? upset :))  …
"Green Lantern: Legacy" marks the first time the character has been depicted as an Asian American. - @NBCAsianAmerica 
Twins! Lol Had the best time interviewing the most dope @llama_ajol for @amazonmusic thank you @asiansatamazon “Alexa play Asian American Mix” #amberliu #amazonmusic 
Quick check with Flight Risk Tracker App  ) to show likely air travel flows including connections, Jan 21st-28th out of Wuhan - conclusion it would not be a surprise to see new #nCoV cases in Europe, Canada & esp. SE Asian countries. @EcoHealthNYC 
CAN SOUTHEAST ASIAN FEEL THE EXISTENCE OF BTS?BC WE ARE ALL HERE CRYING EVERY RELEASE OF THE TOURDATES NOT KNOWING IF WE R ABLE TO SEE BTS, U KNOW HOW IT HURTS WHEN OTHER ARMYS CAN SEE THEM WHILE WE ARE CRYING WATCHING BTS & ARMYS INTERACTIONS IN OUR PHONE 
The virus is detected in some other Asian countries, and the United States confirms its first case Tuesday.  …
THREAD A  is unlikely to trade at a discount to the market – Asian Paints proves this when looking at past 17 years of data. 
The possibility of ABS-CBN shutting down puts thousands of jobs in peril, but Asian culture and media studies scholars noted that the closing of one of the biggest  in the country will also impact Philippine culture and society.  …
Multiple efforts will be made in Yunnan province to strengthen the protection of wild Asian #elephants. A total of 7,500 hectares of land will be transformed into a new habitat for the elephants, according to Yunnan Forestry and Grassland Administration.
Southeast asian army right now: 
if i had a dollar every time someone thought i was asian  …
If you’re not Asian, then please don’t speak for us or act as if you can misrepresent  and our feelings towards @AndrewYang to fit your bs narrative. And a degree in a form of Asian studies doesn’t cut it.
Things that I love: • Black metal • Various kinds of post-metal • Swedish death metal • Outlaw country • Bluegrass • Meditation • South Asian philosophy • Cognitive Science • (the above with friends = +1)
CONTENT WARNING: Adult Themes We asked five Asian-Australian poets to read for Lunar New Year. Here, @emo_flowers performs her work Baby Bi Bi Bi - The 
SOUTHEAST JAPAN,KOREA ASIAN ARMYS: WESTERN ARMYS 
Have you seen the tour dates for Osaka? wow! Other southeast asian countries can’t relate— i’m okay 
bts aren't allowed to fly over any asian country  …
Looking for EGirl Resume : - im 15 - asian - 5'8 ngl kinda short especially in nyc Pros - - literally fucking nothing, im pretty shitty Cons - - pretty much fucking everything and have no earnings vouches & retweets appreciated!!!
Mixed Asian Girls: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 5/5  they will make ur life better
Appa: Simple math. Innocent racist mistake + Asian lady suggest daughter should win × years of white guilt = Janet win award. Umma & Janet: 
i hope second round in asian
*Bighit dropped the Tour dates* southeast asian countries: #MapOfTheSoulTour 
Let’s make a thread of disabled asian positivity! If you’re asian and disabled, drop your favorite selfies, photos, etc. I’d love to get to know more of us. 
All this time in Japan they couldn’t even add other Asian country like Philippines or something
asian artists, can y’all tour different countries in asia first?
Just leaving this here for discussion: Is Andrew Yang 'reclaiming' stereotypes with Asian jokes? Nope, experts say.  … via  …
Asian, African, Australian, European, S. and C. American, and Canadian armys, lets try to stay calm 
"While China remains the world's largest producer of carbon emissions — where air pollution is still responsible for more than 1 million premature deaths a year — the Asian power is also the biggest investor in renewable energy." So China is changing what it is doing ...  …
European Army crying, American Army are happy.. Asian, African, Australian and South American Army, HOW WE FEELIN @BTS_twt 
OMG MORE DATES ARE COMING ASIAN ARMYS WE GOT THIS!
DC Comics' first Asian American Green Lantern is a boy who fights racism.  … via @GoogleNews
i see asian men are getting less and less creative on this app
When you're from Asia and you just woke up.. It's okay.. Let's all cry together Asian Armys 
Asian, African, some European, South and Central, Canadian and Australian armys its okay we can cry together  …
the amount of dates the united states and japan got are kinda ridiculous considering they could’ve used some of those to tour latin america and other asian countries or even australia
[MAP OF THE SOUL TOUR] Bighit revealed the Tour dates for MOTS Tour! So far, Korea and Japan is the only Asian country included. @BTS_twt 
In order to get on to The Apprentice do you have to see how many times you can say ‘Asian grooming gang’ in one minute? They’re all obsessed. 
nobody ever speaks up about how corrupt hollywood and western media is bc they're too busy demonizing the asian entertainment industry while ignoring that the exact same thing happens in america too.
Bh looking at south east asian countries 
BTS has dropped the schedule guide of #MapOfTheSoulTour which kicks off at the Olympic Stadium in Seoul on April 11! Aside from South Korea and Japan, no other Asian country has been included in the line up. 
im sorry but does asia not exist for u guys anymore @BigHitEnt ???? japan and korea aren't the only asian countries southeast & south asia are where BTS also first became really popular when they debuted...pls give them tour dates too
Having an Asian mom is fun until I have to click “see translation” on all her Facebook posts and still don’t know wtf she was trying to say
Yooo them asian stereotypes are calling. Lmao, but god I love yang . Lmao. Cuz I know it wasnt a setup. He just that cool
legend tings. i want south korean/asian actors from asian countries everywhere in our films the same way british actors are. bcos the talent!!! hollywood does NOT deserve.  …
Just watched most surreal #Newsnight ever. It did a piece on #GroomingGangs in Manchester yet no mention that perpetrators were mainly Pakistani (or even Asian). Casual viewer would be none the wiser over central theme underlying the phenomenon.
Hi guys Our Company is hiring. Min requirements: any bachelors degree + a fluent English accent. We teach English to Asian students. Please email your CV to careers@mpc.co.za Use refferal name “Nosihle Gumbi” as subject line .  …
We are standing for a democratic India, that protects South Asian minorities and those who are most vulnerable to persecution. CAA is an egregious bill and we need international condemnation now. Pass Resolution 31926 
In 2020, the world is entering the Asian Century #Davos #Davos2020 #WEF2020 > @wef via 
Anyone in Los Angeles want to join me at a networking event for Asian Americans in Entertainment tonight? The plan is to Yang them all! Preferable that you are Asian and work in entertainment #YangGang #CaliforniaForYang
Also the whole “Asian men are inherently feminine” trope. I literally can’t think of a reason she would include Andrew Yang there. 
Asian Male representation. I appreciate that he's most likely not there  relief or a martial artist.  …
it's 2020 and we're still equating asian men with femininity? that's a yikes from me  …
We're super excited to share that we’re co-hosting an #AMC2020 network gathering with @aafcollective on building Asian American feminist movements! Details  You can also submit a conference proposal under the general call for sessions, due 2/4 at  
After I mention there's an Asian character in Harry Potter named Cho Chang - @chanelletime: "WHO TF IS CHOO CHOO CHANG? WHAT'S NEXT? Negora Brown?"
Check out the Asian results for the WISC-V. The n is small (89), so mentally caveat them. Even so, a mean full-scale IQ of 108.6 is pretty remarkable. As expected, visual-spatial (VSI) is highest of the indexes at 109.8 but Asians are higher than every other group on every index. 
i want the dates . i want ALL the dates not just the american ones i want the EUROPEAN the ASIAN the AUSTRALIAN the WORLDWIDE DATES MF 
Writing this series with these Asian American superheroines—all their hopes and dreams and triumphs and mistakes—still means so much to me. Thank you for embracing them and making that possible. And look how beautiful these bbs are together. 
Chanels 1st asian Global House Ambassdors return whilst also wearing his own brand. The sheer power. 
APPARENTLY he’s asian so white men please exit my mentions expeditiously  …
Your upsetting story is as sickening as it is familiar to thousands of Asian families. As an antidote to this actor’s mean-spirited ignorance see  for some actual facts, films & stories about WWI Sikhs & the Indian Army #Sikh 
CHANEL FIRST ASIAN GLOBAL AMBASSADOR GDRAGON #GDatCHANEL 
My fave part is where Saira says “I have loads of friends who are not black and not Asian who have helped me” oh were they Chinese? Latino? “white” is not a slur sis  …
They need to throw a petite 5’1” asian ting in for my G Nas cos I’m telling you now, if he leaves without getting a shot, WE RIOT! #LoveIsland
I don’t support Yang because he’s a guy, or Asian, or an entrepreneur. I’m not choosing a friend (although I think @AndrewYang & I would be BFFs )... I’m choosing who I think will construct the best public policy for the future of and the ... it’s LITERALLY all about IDEAS.
This short article describes what it was like for Chinese Canadians in 2003: people wearing face masks when entering Chinatown, people avoiding sitting next to East Asians on public transit, East Asian customers being denied services.  …
my school now has an “asian culture appreciation club” where they celebrate the singular asian culture and for their first meeting theyre doing the fire noodle challenge i hate white people so much it’s unreal
There's another anime that's under everyone's radar. It's an underground retro series. I think it's called, "Dragging Balls"?
this is the second time marvel has used an asian actress twice as diff characters like yall think we arent going to notice or something? theres more asian actresses in hollywood & it’s y’alls own fault for underusing asian characters when y’all have amazing actresses to play them  …
Canada needs to face down China's hostage-taking tactics - Nikkei Asian Review  …
Jiyong change Chanel from women brand into unisex brand and your male faves started wearing it everywhere after him. Jiyong also the ONLY Asian of 30 muses of Chanel HQ. his power
Nah there’s this really good one called Naruto. I know it sounds weird but just trust me bro. It’s about ninjas.
Check  for interesting action movies. Asian, blacks, whites etc.  …
Bro... my dad asked me why I drowned in pools before I even mentioned my results. How do I suddenly have Asian parent expectations on my tourney results LOL.
YANG IS A POLARIZING FIGURE IN THE ASIAN COMMUNITY????????? HE WAS THE TOP PICK AMONG ASIANS IN THE LAST COLLEGE POLL AMD THE MOST DONATED TO CANDIDATE FROM ASIANS  
If it's not All About The T (to the exclusion of all else) it's transphobia. This was about people who share the Protected Characteristic of same-sex orientation. It wasn't all about trans folk, in the same way it wasn't all about Asian people, or pregnant women, or the elderly
I get so exasperated by  assumption that all Asian hair is thick, black and straight. We are not all the same!!!  …
Would like to one day teach a class on Asian American and diaspora erotics
Asian don't raisin
Y'all... #NorafromQueens is dope. And yeah, it's wacky, cannabis-infused, hysterically vulgar and all that, but at its core, it's an Asian American  that has heart. @awkwafina @BD_WONG #LoriTanChinn @bowenyang and the entire Nora team created something  …
. @realDonaldTrump @Davos: WE ARE #WINNING NOW BIG! Retweet! USMCA, China Trade Deals COMPLETED! 7M Jobs Created! Economic Growth at 4.2%! Lowest Black, Hispanic, Asian unemployment EVER! Lowest Women unemployment in 65 yrs! Lowest Youth unemployment in 50 yrs! 
It’s probably only Chinese (/ East Asian) people who can be openly mocked like this in the mainstream. Either we unite in a framework of anti imperialism, anti fascism and socialism: or  enemy western imperialism and fascism will destroy us all.  …
At New Vision for #Eurasia Meeting, emphasized that 21th century is the age of rise of #Asia.Asia is  once again center of gravity in the world. #Turkey is at the center of Eurasia. “Asia Anew” initiative will put our country in the right place in the Asian age. 
A kshawol went to Indonesia to watch Asian game with a shabat and minho was the one who recognise it jdkdksksks 
i know it would take a lot for louis to do signings all over the world but tbh european fans are tired of seeing things happening so close to them but too far to reach. and let's not talk about asian fans, austrialian fans and southamerican fans. when you talk from your -
If abel really casted an Asian in the music video, get ready for the “KiSsLaNd VIbEZ” and side by  to BTTW video
Please, let’s not call them “Asian” and stain an entire Continent. It’s not Japanese, Vietnamiese, Chinese man we’re talking about. It’s Pakistani Muslims. Let’s not be afraid to say it, or else we’re playing their game.
“Awkwafina and The Trend of Asian American Creatives Using Anti-Blackness To Enter Hollywood" by Harley Wong  …
asian and african armys seeing us and europe armys fight each other 
Asian cine Square uppal hyderabad has 2 big screens Both screens allocated to #AlaVaikunthapurramuloo on day 10 and both screens 2nd shows almost HOUSEFULLS I have never seen like this before. #AlaVaikunthapurramuloo INDUSTRY HIT @alluarjun @SKNonline
You haven’t checked the polls. He’s leading with Latino voters and he’s second with black voters. Does incredibly well with Asian voters as well. #FactsMatter
The economy is working for ALL Americans! “We are lifting up Americans of every race, color, religion, and creed. Unemployment rates among African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, and Asian-Americans have all reached record lows.” - @RealDonaldTrump 
I would venture that the opposite of Hillary Clinton is also an Asian man who likes math
i would like to add middle eastern armys next to southeast asian & african armys
The supposition that black and Asian people are too dumb to pass a test in itself is insulting. This manufacturing of diversity is collapsing under the weight of its own hypocrisy. You can’t screech about equality and then brazenly discriminate against another racial group.  …
It’s also insulting. Basically saying that tests need to be dumbed down because black and Asians are too dumb to pass a test, despite the fact African children excel in education, as do Asian children.
prayer circle: southeast asian countries for BTS tour 2020
"What it's like to never ever see yourself on TV." Author Charles Yu on growing up Asian in America 
This morning: we urge @SeattleCouncil to recognize that the human rights abuses happening in India right now are a blow to marginalized people everywhere, particularly #Seattle’s South Asian, immigrant and  by passing @cmkshama’s Resolution 
LOVE this piece by @charles_yu about never seeing anyone like you on TV, and being both the "only Asian" and seen as "only Asian."  …
Two Golds, in a row. Wow! Abhirup Saikia, son of Inspector, Shri Mosco Saikia won 2 Gold Medals at the 4th South Asian Karate-Do Championship, held on 18th-19th January 2020 in Guwahati. You've made us all proud, Abhirup. Congratulations on your much-deserved win! 
Minicab drivers union @United_PHD accuses Met police of racial discrimination after its (mainly black and Asian) members were searched under terrorism powers at a protest but (mainly white) black cab drivers at a similar protest on the same day were not  …
"Since having his first demo track picked up by @DonDiablo in 2017, @kentakano_dj is grown into one of the top Asian dance music talents. His latest release “Antidote” is another example of his growing momentum." - Thanks for supporting,  …
"Too often have Asian American ruminations on identity unimaginatively arrived at the liminal space of neither Black nor white, a phenomenon arguably experienced by most  of color in the United States.” via  …
Asian countries ramp up measures to block the spread of the new coronavirus as the death toll in China rose to six  
Chenle truly asian  …
#UPDATE Asian countries on Tuesday ramped up measures to block the spread of a new virus as the death toll in China rose to six and the number of cases jumped to almost 300, raising concerns in the middle of a major holiday travel rush  
I wonder if she sees the irony in her (rightly) saying that minorities can also uphold racism, whilst simultaneously deciding that she, as an asian woman, is best placed to invalidate & deny an experience of anti-black racism.  …
re: BTS Asia Tour dates from LY's pattern, BH announced US/EU stops exactly 4 months before the 1st show in Seoul then, Asian stops were announced exactly 2 months before the 1st Asian stop. ticket selling happened 2 weeks after announcement (Taoyuan on 10/22 & SG on 10/27) 
Bahrain Japan | Main Group 1 | 19th Asian Men's Handball Championship | Kuwait 2020 
Awkwafina made Golden Globe history recently by  the first person of Asian descent to win the award in a lead actress film category for her performance in The Farewell. Now, the Queens-born star  home in a new TV series called " @Awkwafina is Nora from 
Spectacular imagery of the two cyclones ongoing between Asian and North American continents – twins, and connected to each other! Systems are heading towards NW US and SW Canada today – should bring severe winds and major waves into the coastal areas.  …
I just wanna be shown off like shisha is on a asian boys snapchat story
@tsunderesukotjo and @bungkusleis said "Gojek & Reylo", so  @_afterblossom_ to draw it (In some Southeast Asian countries you can call a @gojekindonesia bike like a taxi to help you beat traffic ) Rough Bahasa translation: "You can hold on tighter, lady"  
If you’re looking for a sign, this is it, Asians! The Glaucus Guild Recruitment is now open! [Utilize your skills in answering quizzes] under pressure and join the the official academic delegation for the Asian Studies Society! 
The #IOTA stronghold in Asian #markets is undoubtedly @BiiLabs including a reach to #Japan. Learn about the #portfolio of #DLT employment. The tangle won´t stay under the radar for much longer! Work at IF from #Nippon!   …
Dear Westerners: "I discourage D&D players from playing monks unless they're Asian" is not the woke statement you think it is.
ALERT Get your DESI music playlisted on my @bbcasiannetwork & @BBCSounds show by emailing it to bobby@bbc.co.uk I'M ALWAYS LOOKING FOR NEW SOUTH ASIAN MUSIC & ARTISTS!! 
Confirmation of a new coronavirus has hit Asian markets, hurting  but boosting makers of face masks and other medical equipment 
"I felt like I didn't belong and I had to be white." Shaz, 18, was in care for four years. There is a shortage of black, Asian or minority ethnic (BAME) foster carers. Read more:  
#DearAlex Our birthday  o. Mine's a week before yours. What's the plan? Are we flying to Hawaii? Cape Verde? Or that mysterious Asian country that you went to last year and refused to tell anyone. 
southeast asian atinys buying the lightsticks but stay on their shelf waiting for kq to announce the asia tour  …
Chery Tiggo’s import — Tatjana Bokan — is legit. She torched Petron while playing for Hisamitsu Springs in the AVC Asian Women’s Club Championship in 2015 in Vietnam. @TribuneSportsPh 
I'm back on my vegan shit and whenever I'm vegan I eat a lot of Asian/African food because I feel like American vegan food is so focused on recreating non vegan food for vegans while other cuisines can just make something original that's vegan and tastes good
Imagine, if (no doubt) GD's the most influential male asian attendee for PFW2020 and Dara's the most influential female asian attendee for PFW last year can we have theeeeeem both at the same time??? 
There were Asian girls in Rotherham too. Why are you tweeting this about white girls and Asian men but not Asian girls and Asian men or white girls and white men or Black girls and white men or all the other variations of men abusing girls?  …
prayer circle: INDIA FOR #BTSTOUR2020 WE DEMAND MORE ASIAN TOUR DATES!
prayer circle: BTS concert in southeast asian countries #BTSTOUR2020
asian atinys: pls.. spare asian tour dates kq: yes we know japan tour dates
used to get bullied for being asian n having big lips but now these white bitches getting lip fillers n in my dms like hi how r u miss u let’s hang xx yah i’ll hang u upside down on the clothes line discriminating bitch
id never see asian fans begging an asian idols for an asia tour untill
Summoning my south east asian countries!!! Indonesia!!! Philippines!!! Vietnam!! Malaysia!!! Cambodia!!! 
If that were really the case how do you explain the fact that black and Asian people are over represented in British prisons 
asian armys listen: BTS ASIAN TOUR DATES TO BE RELEASED
if you're asian army and still not ready for asian tour dates say i
This is the South Asian Muslim attorney who who exposed @IlhanMN’s unethical irresponsible leadership in an oped in the @SunSentinelNews. @IlhanMN embarrasses me as Muslim women leader who’s worked hard to empower Muslims.She makes a sound like victims & losers.  …
【Neeeeews!!】 HEY-SMITH signed to an American legendary punk rock label"ASIAN MAN RECORDS"! "Life In The Sun World Edition" will be released worldwide! To celebrate the release, "Life In The Sun World Edition Tour" will be held in Japan! Special site  
I really hope this works southeast asian countries to be included in the world tour #BTSTOUR2020
southeast asian armys how are we feeling i feel like crying
Asian armys did you see these billboard of bts tours at your country yet? Inform me if you found one i wanna see sumn 
FUCK IT BIGHIT ASIAN ARMYS NEED A TOUR
#2 Philippines Kpop #4 Argentina #5 Italy Entertainment France Aug #2 Chile Music, Argentina #2 Mexico Kpop #5 Canada Jimin is the solo Asian star to top the list yearly since 2016. He set the unprecedented world record for the Top 20 worldwide trends all-kill on his birthday. 
It’s time to have an honest conversation about ‘Asian’ grooming gangs, says Hardeep Singh 
What exactly did you de-escalate? Where were these violent white supremacists that you crated a state of emergency for.. instead Peaceful, white, black, Asian, Latino, Gay, men and women showed up to say “No, we will  
hi, please don't let my asian parent see this, or i will get bebel
lol.. @AndrewYang didnt have to pay me. As a matter of fact, I drove 750 miles and then some to Iowa to walk around -14° weather with 20mph wind for this asian man Ive never met cause I believe he is the best man for the job. Regardless of colour. But I Digress  …
Many Asian countries are highly dependent on Middle Eastern #crudeoil and are exposed to supply risks as the geopolitical situation there remains volatile. This new #PlattsInfographic gives you the big picture:  #OPEC #OOTT #geopolitics 
southeast asian countries deserves to see and experience bts concert. don't skip us please @BigHitEnt
Hi Darwin! How’s your day been going so far? Love this sets #Japanesegirl #asian #myday @PG_Australia 
You’ll never walk alone... Unless of course you’re an Asian who’s spent £2000+ to watch their team play. Proper bollocks how ppl wanna discredit these lads from supporting the team we all love. The ‘support ye local’ gang have the biggest  known to man.  …
Asian GF gained 2 pounds so she lost her eating privileges and has to watch me eat 
“Every news piece u’ve seen on this wknd they’ve always brought up the issue of race as though it’s nothing but white,red necks and hillbillies out here who care for the 2A, when actually black Americans,Asian Americans, Hispanic Americans,Americans in general care about the 2A.” 
australian, south east asian & south asian armys. we move with prayers and prayers and more prayers 
The headline refers to “Asian” grooming gangs. Yet the article is clearly about “Pakistani” grooming gangs. Truth is the first casualty of multiculturalism.  
i feel really thankfully to miyazaki for making animated movies depicting strong women, as a little mixed race asian girl i didn’t have a whole lot of role models to look up to but i could see myself in characters like sophie or princess mononoke :-) i love them
if bighit planned this all along then ahaha leak the Asian tour dates too ahaha cut the cameras deadass your Asia armys are waiting too ahaha
ok idrc what people say about asian greek - yeah it’s toxic at times and it’s a lot BUT BUT BUT it gives you a crazy amount of connections, networks and relationships also what college org DOESNT get toxic at times so like lol
| Seems like #LoverFestAsia  in October, after all. BRACE YOURSELVES, ASIAN SWIFTIES.  …
it’s been a while twitter... so we doing this again ✰Hispanic/Asian✰ ᪥15᪥ ✯5’8✯ ☼Switch☼ ♡ & rt to be mutuals シ 
Instead of preparing for my first day of the spring semester tmr, I decided to take photos in an asian grocery store lol 
Almost 4 million jobs created since the election of Donald Trump. 400,000 manufacturing jobs. Median household  at highest level Black, Hispanic, Asian, Women: All record low unemployment levels Youth unemployment at lowest rate in nearly half a century Winning.
Moneygram signs a massive deal with Luli Financial. Ripple told us in November that the Asian-Pacific region was next on the list - Moneygram will be the catalyst for ODL in APAC  … @boy_xrp #xrp @xxmikecheckxx @gordongekko369 @MackAttackXRP
She’s adorable. And if she wasn’t? It shouldn’t make a difference. And whether she looked more or less South Asian or Indigenous shouldn’t matter either. Neither she nor her grandfather should have been treated this way.  …
 curse as Victory try to  their 0-2-2 Champions League record with me behind the mic Asian Champions League is back on @FOXFootball from 7:15pm AEDT tonight on @FOXSportsAUS Channel 505 - @gomvfc v @BaliUtd #ACL2020
Asian markets #coronavirus healthcare stocks limit  …
Instead of self-congratulatory tweets on review meetings, India's Shipyards (and Indian Navy) shd do self-introspection on why they take 10 yrs to build a DDG/FFG, 13 to build an aircraft carrier, 8 yrs to build corvettes. Tht is the worst performance of any asian shipyard...  …
Asian markets taking a risk-off turn. Worries over China's coronavirus is sending shivers down these markets. Chinese travel stocks are getting hammered, healthcare stocks limit up, and RMB weakens by the most in September. Oh, and HK just said they're on high alert. 
 to The Spike Experience. Prepare to be screamed at about - Circus freaks - The fine and popular arts, with an emphasis  and classical art interpretation - Pornography - Socialism - Kickstarter - Asian cookery, mainly Sichuan, Korean and Japanese - Ancient Egypt  …
This. Is Apu something of  stereotype? Sure. But no more than Ned Flanders, or for that matter Homer. And Apu has been in Springfield since there were almost no South Asian characters on TV.  …
Jesus was West Asian, this lamb of God should have a fat tail  …
This festive season, I hope Asian relatives will stop telling their children to study law if they don't want to. Also, stop telling people to 'do' the following to  lawyers: a. read John Grisham b. watch Suits/other TV shows Tell them to do practical work instead
Australia is a destination country for women and girls trafficked from Southeast Asian nations. We must #EndDemand #CATW-AP 
Dear @amy_harmon of the NYT So "if you are white" you are allowed to contrast your own experience to that of blacks teens ... but what if you are not white? Apparently, the NYT does not allow you to contrast your own experience if you are Asian, Latino, Pacific Islander or Inuit  …
“The sky’s up there” said the Yellow-bellied Prinia. Common in any scrubby areas. This east Asian variety probably deserves splitting. Photo not mine, source unclear...oops/thanks. 
The Asia's Pop Superstar  this 2020. D' Asian Domination!!!!! Be ready. 
MLK dreamt of a guaranteed  to eradicate poverty; over 50 years later an Asian American Presidential candidate inspired a new generation to fight for this dream. #YangGang 
Remembering Stephen P. Cohen (1936-2019): His contribution to U.S.-India relations and South Asian studies Besides video and summary, full transcript now online (thanks to Nidhi Varma):  
Thinking about YEARKILLER 2066, a #Nyonyapunk #ttrpg where you play Southeast Asian rebels working with mythic heroes and ancient gods to fight off evil spirits, corps and the Nian.  …
Lots of problems w/ our party system. But, given the power of multiple groups w/i the Democratic party-black people, latinx people, asian people, jewish people-we actually have much better representation and much less xenophobia than many center-left and left parties in the world
I’ll take it as a symbol of good fortune that my announcement to run for US Congress was, for me, tweet number 2014, which was the year I graduated, Summa Cum Laude, w/ a major in econ & minors in #MATH, psychology & Asian Studies & the same year I moved to China to learn Chinese
The latest research shows that 75% of grooming gangs are Asian. However, the Home Office is refusing to publish its own research report on the topic. Political correctness is alive and well there even under our latest Home Secretary.
All these asian kids on TikTok and not one of them has a personality outside of anti-black foolishness  …
In 2020 the World is entering the Asian century. Led by China and India hundreds of millions are brought out of poverty. The new global emerging middle class is nearly all Asian. 
#Copenhagen #Asian #Film #Festival 2020 #CAFF20 will show 28 Asian movies in Copenhagen cinemas from the 9th until the 16th of February. The Philippine movie #Ulan features the festival. It is going to be the first Asian Film Festival in the Nordics . Congratulations to all!  …
Folks, As you are aware, we started @StratNewsGlobal as a platform focusing on geo-strategic issues from a South Asian perspective. To sustain the effort, we need all-round support from you. Here’s how you can make your contribution. 1/2
I can’t believe asian people invented an omotuo machine before us  …
The number of people known to have been infected with the coronavirus has jumped to over 200 from 62, with new cases reported in China's capital and other Asian countries; WHO has warned the virus is a new strain not previously identified in humans. 
Moneygram signs a massive deal with Luli Financial. Ripple told us in November that the Asian-Pacific region was next on the list - Moneygram will be the catalyst for ODL in APAC  … @RosesOnThaMoon @Lionel46294550 @Danrocky @OneHanSolo @MrFreshTime #xrp
"The Decade in Southeast Asian American Political Resistance" @j_maraan's essential guide to Southeast Asian Community Action and Advocacy, highlighting the most impactful organizations, activists, and artists working for change in America. Isang Bagsak!  …
Asian Doll Making History 
On Bill Maher the other night, @AndrewYang said people have told him that an Asian cannot win the presidency. Retweet if you think those people are WRONG. #YangGang
I've made a mistake writing this touring show about juggling gay marriage, illness, and my Asian family. In 2020 it's clear I should have left the writing to a healthy white straight guy.
Just published, my latest paper with Hal Hill in Asian Economic Policy Review: “ Making Economic Policy in a Democratic Indonesia: The First Two Decades.”  
wish i was an asian e-girl with 0 personality or talent that layered my face in make up before starting my 70% facecam stream.
Let's make the UK transparent. Stop hiding the truth. Stop selling us diversity. Sign the petition. NOW!!!!!!! home office: Full Public Enquiry into Asian Grooming Gangs in the United Kingdom. - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange
Sad to hear of yet another stabbing in London resulting in the deaths of three men. Total is now 6 and we are still in January The only difference is they were identified as Sikhs. If muslims are involved they are identified as Asian Why is that?
Imagine an Asian person looking at a rally in Hong Kong and remarking "so... so Asian" as if there is something heinous about it. 
whats up w asian guys and full ass perms on their head like frl u guys look like u have pubes growin up there just stOP IT.. it doesn’t look good
actually, almost everything that asian parents can grab is a weapon.
Andray Domise: A belief in African and South Asian countries over-breeding the earth into catastrophe has a lengthy history steeped in scientific racism, imperialist arrogance and western paternalism  …
PSA on Asian hair: -It can be straight, curly, wavy, and everything in-between -It's usually dark, but not always -Some have highly photosensitive hair that turns lighter when exposed to sun -Your best haircuts will be from people who are experienced in working with Asian hair
I can't tell if he's a workaholic film maker or just being a camera-wielding Asian dad.  …
Blind Media says Asian Grooming gangs involved in offences including rape, trafficking girls for sex and conspiracy to engage in sexual activity of underage teenage mainly White British girls were : You know this gangs are : Please Vote & RT #GroomingGangs #grooming
I saw a lot of kids die. White, Black, Brown, Asian. Every Damn one of them bled red. Race Hustlers like the disgusting @JoeBiden can kiss my rosy red ass. There is only one race. So says The Word of God  …
G I V E A W A Y RT+F to win a paperback of A THOUSAND BEGINNINGS AND ENDINGS, an anthology of reimagined Asian folktales and myths, written by Asian authors. Ends 1/26. Open INT. 
Can't wait to close out our Asian tour w/ two shows in Tokyo tonight and tomorrow! In celebration of the tour, we're proud to support our local #2abillion partner @VoiceUpJapan1. You can get involved with their work towards gender equality/get help here:  
Jangarh Singh Shyam Shiv Shesh Nag 1990 Poster paint on paper Painting is of the Hindu god  with the King of the Snakes Section - Devotion, Asian Art National Gallery of Australia 
It weird to watch these folks of South Asian descent claim there's no racism in the UK or monarchy, which colonized them, oppressed their ancestors and had to be chased out to gain their freedom, have kept them marginalized as low class and more. But Meghan is the problem...
The number of people known to have been infected with the coronavirus has jumped to over 200 from 62, with new cases reported in China's capital and other Asian countries; WHO has warned the virus is a new strain not previously identified in humans. 
Awkwafina Is Nora From Queens looks to put a new kind of Asian-American family on screen 
man bts do so much good sht and they can never hit local twt for THAT, or for the breakthrough they’ve had as asian artists... it’s always quotes dragging their fanbase for minding their own business cause some insecure men wanted to crack jokes
Me practicing how to show my Asian parents my tattoo 
Sikh awareness society leader Mohan Singh speaking tonight about the murder of 3 young lads in London at the weekend and the hypocrisy of the police and MSM quick to label them Sikh, when labelling Muslim rape gangs as "Asian". Jack Dawkins  via @YouTube
Racial disparities in drug prescriptions for dementia Asian and black patients are less likely to be prescribed anti-dementia medications and have an increased likelihood of being prescribed antipsychotic medications.  …
Nas Majeed • Love Island 2020 highlights • Goals Assist and Grafts • The Asian Ovie? 
Democrats and CNN/MSNBC tried to stir racial divide for the 2nd Amendment Rally in Virginia today. There were many Black, Hispanic, and Asian supporters in attendance. This isn't about race, this is about the Constitution, something the Media & Dems HATE! #VirginiaRally
People like this are the reason I stood outside in 22° weather to show the truth behind who was protesting today. Black, white, Mexican, asian. They were all there to support their God given, 2nd amendment right. This isn’t a race issue.  …
Meet the Asian Fairy-bluebird! It’s native to the tropical forests of Southeast Asia, like those in Indonesia & Thailand. It munches on small fruits and insects and is infamous among coffee farmers for its tendency to snack on the fruits of coffee trees. [: EDDYCUBAUSA] 
If Andrew Yang was an actual Asian billionaire running for president, he would be taken WAY more seriously by the #NYTimes. Why? Because they are seduced by money and power.
The sordid saga of Pakistani-British Muslim grooming gangs. The Indian diaspora has been vehement in their protests against these men being loosely termed as “Asian” in the British media.  …
Who said Asian boys can't cook??? 
**pls share/retweet** CALLING ALL SOUTH ASIAN INDIVIDUALS LOOKING FOR TRAINING CONTRACTS/ VAC SCHEMES: after a year of providing informal application help to friends, I've decided to provide FREE mentoring for all South Asian individuals who are looking to  solicitors. 
don’t y’all hate when yt  into asian restaurants n try to one up u on ur own culture???? lmfao this yt man came in yday n told me the side dishes weren’t “traditional” enough wtvr that means so i said bet -
It’s time to have an honest conversation about ‘Asian’ grooming gangs  …
Today's #Virginia2ARally was the democrats absolute worst nightmare. TENS OF THOUSANDS of #2A Americans - men, women, white, black, Asian, latino, etc. - all show up (many openly carrying their guns) and not a single bad thing happened We are LAW ABIDING CITIZENS!
ICYMI: Last week, we released a 4-part Mini-Series to help listeners understand the early states of the democratic primary process via the eyes & experiences of Asian American campaign staffers. Here are ALL the episodes in one thread
Asian girls after walking to the local Tesco  …
First pictures of three men killed in triple stabbing in Ilford  … via @MetroUK. Now you name them as Sikh men why not Asian like you always do with Muslim crime ? Dosnt fit your narrative and agenda I suppose ?
Yang once described himself as a "younger, fresher, more modern, more Asian version of Bernie." How Yang could be pulling critical support away from Sanders ahead of the #FITN New Hampshire primary Story w/  …
. @GuzKhanOfficial's star is on the rise. He talks about telling working class stories, investigating foodbank use in British  and his trainee scheme to help youngsters into the television industry.... Only inside this week's Big Issue!  …
United we stand! Black, White, Asian, Hispanic, whatever! We are all patriots! #MAGA #Trump2020 #KAG #WWG1WGA #Q #PatriotsUnite #StrongerTogether #2A4Life #1A #StayFree  …
All Asian dads are like this  …
#Parasite star Choi Woo-shik says he hopes the success of Bong Joon Ho's drama leads to more international and Asian films getting recognition #SAGAwards  
Loads of Black & Brown women: "It's racism, we know it, we experience it"  we disagree, we need proof One Asian woman: "This isn't racism, & H&M are dividing the country! " White people: We love you @IamSairaKhan, you're absolutely right & say it as it is"
I honestly don't see how people get mad by kitana's Asian appearance in mk11 meanwhile to me atleast she always resembled an asian warrior princess to me. Uses Japanese war fans the black hair with her skin tone face always looked very Asian inspired to me. 
if ur an Asian person speaking over black people a general reminder that you’re using institutionalised racism to prop yourself up. we have never faced the same level of historical oppression. this is why we need to abolish the term BAME/POC bc some people get TOO familiar  …
Add Manchester to the list of places where the authorities watched mainly Asian men systematically abuse vulnerable white, working-class girls for years – and did nothing. Liberalism is collapsing under the weight of its own hypocritical intolerance  …
Asian gun rights activists hold signs mocking the media and governor’s attempt to smear them as white supremacists. - ⁦ @stockes76⁩ #LobbyDay2020 
I don't know why people think it's hip or cool to use "white" as a pejorative term. Wouldn't be funny if people constantly said things like "That's so Asian" or "That's so black" or "That's so Mexican" and it wasn't from  making fun of their own ethnic stereotypes.
1) This panel is one-sided 2) Where is the Black woman? 3) Be clear that an Asian woman can't be an authority on anti-Black racism 4) ...because BAME and 'Black' isn't the same thing; different experiences 5) This is why many Black people shun term 'BAME'  …
CHANEL EVENT IS TOMORROW. FIRST ASIAN GLOBAL AMBASSADOR OF CHANEL WILL SLAY AGAIN. I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE FASHION KING GDRAGON
Abhirup Saikia, all of 12 years, Son of Inspector Mosco Saikia of @assampolice Won gold medals in the 4th South Asian Karate-Do Championship which was held on 18th & 19th of January 2020 at Guwahati. Congratulations young man. 
Authorities around the globe, including in the United States and many Asian countries, have stepped up screening of travelers from Wuhan, China, as the outbreak of a new coronavirus spreads to more cities  
It's disturbing to see members of the South East  siding with white racists against Harry & Meghan. If you think racism will skip over you because you've sided with oppression...ha.
Hey guys, Sam and Amy rigs are up! This is the second part of my Representation Rigs project: the Asian-American characters. You can find them on Gumroad:  
We need Popeyes in Freeport
its ok to be white. its ok to be black. its ok to be asian. its ok to be hispanic. its ok to be a female. its ok to be a male. its ok to be gay. its ok to be bisexual. its ok to be straight. its ok to be you. but its NEVER ok to say pop and forget the smoke
I’m not surprised because asian people are quite homophobic
I’ve never seen a white or asian person use FaceTime in public.
A full house for the Asian & African Collections #BLopenday #DoctoralOpenDay at @britishlibrary with talks, workshops, viewing sessions and a wealth of expertise from @BLAsia_Africa @bl_eap @BL_DigiSchol @BL_IndianPrint @BL_CollCare. Research ideas in the 
1950s :: Indian Football Coach Syed Abdul Rahim , Under His Guidance Indian Football Team Won Gold In 1951 & 1962 Asian Games and Reached In Semifinal of 1956 Olympic Games 
For left-liberals, the systematic sexual abuse of white, working-class girls by Asian men must be swept under the carpet, the Catholic beliefs of politicians must be suppressed, and the language of students must be monitored and restricted.  …
Why am I out here? I'm out here because the media makes 2A about RACE, as if only whites and hillbillies care about guns, black American's, Asian Americans, Hispanic Americans all Americans care about our 2A rights. #MSM won't report on this so #2ADefenders have to 
SARS-like virus spreads in China, reaches third Asian country Full story:  
The accusations jump around: rats, cats, dogs, etc. They don’t need to be stable (or true) bc accuracy isn’t the point. The point is that establishing “Asian” foods as not-food is a way of establishing Asian people as not-us or not-people.
That’s normal in Asian dishes  …
Asian people are some of the flyest dressers. They be looking like this in the gazebo for no reason and it's just effortless  …
online  are so resistant whenever asian folks so much as suggest that the way yall obsess over this portrayal of sexualized young japanese women & emphasize their youth and cuteness is kinda weird, racist and misogynistic
Iran’s football federation says it has been banned from hosting international matches on Iranian soil. The federation says it received a letter from Asian Football Confederation saying all matches involving Iranian teams will be held in a third country.  …
there should be a special place in hell for people who yell "ni hao" at anyone who looks even vaguely asian on the streets and if there isn't then i will make one for them
Thank you PARASITE for showing Hollywood that films with all Asian casts can win awards & accolades, create hype/buzz + sell tickets. And that Asian  in ALL archetypes. It took an int’l film to demonstrate this. Hopefully American Hollywood gets on board faster.
Atalanta BC - SPAL 2013 Atalanta Over 2.5 @1.76 Over 1.0 Asian FH @1.75 Pinnacle 7u & 8u stakes
 for #feminist illustrators & graphics designers please! Especially those who identify outside of the cishet frame & are South Asian and people of colour. Want to build up a database of people we can reach out to when opportunities for paid work arise
me: *develops creative craft, agonizes over self-doubt, questions life decisions, all alone* asian parent: i cant watch u do this to urself me: *acheives milestone* asian parent: I aLwAYs bELIEveD In U I WaS ALwAyS iN YouR CoRnER i kNEw u HaD iT In U  …
Reminder... #2A are rights afforded to ALL AMERICANS White, black, latino, Asian, Indian, gay, straight, something weird I've never heard of, men, women, other weird shit I've never heard of... Doesn't matter - if you're an American the #2A was made for YOU! #Virginia2A  …
The number of people known to have been infected with the coronavirus has jumped to over 200 from 62, with new cases reported in China's capital and other Asian countries; WHO has warned the virus is a new strain not previously identified in humans. 
Sheikh Hasina may very well turn out to be the next great Asian leader when we look back. The Bangladesh economy is doing very well and her take here is devoid of theatrics. Just plainspeak.  …
Thank you Dr. Martin Luther King for your vision that all peoples can live as one. Your dream is my reality in my Asian American family. Four people, different races, one family. Free at last! 
I'm so glad Pledis and Seventeen decided to wait and not just push Seventeen into the USA market from debut, it's good that they prioritised their Asian/Korean market to gain a stable fanbase and through that they naturally gained international fans! @pledis_17
1973, we are faced with large-scale targeting of Black and  
And why are the Western countries dumping their rubbish in Asian countries in the first place??
Malaysia sent back 4,120 tons of plastic waste to countries like the U.S., France + the UK. It's one of several SE Asian countries now rejecting waste from richer countries. The environment minister said: "If people want to see us as the rubbish dump of the world, you dream on." 
yall are assuming her sexuality, which is problematic af; second ofc yall whites wont understand but in most asian countries being referred to as a lesbian/gay or spreading rumors like that can be tainting to their image. third, half of yall are male stans fetishizing her and+
Notice how it's always groups of Asian fans who get singled out as being tourists. You'll also get big groups of Scandinavians, Americans, Australians etc. attending these games, but it's only ever the Asian fans who unnerve these lads. Can't possibly imagine why that is.
he needs to stop before we end up like “asian man stuffs petite ebony hole” 
Asian listen!! ASIAN BTS TOUR DATES
Asian girls are on another level of beauty
A dangerous virus is spreading rapidly in China, and U.S. officials are worried it  here. China has more than 200 confirmed cases of Corona virus which produces pneumonia like symptoms. 3 people have died, which has spread to at least three other Asian countries. 
Top Cop Involved in Failed ‘Asian’ Rape Gang Investigation Promoted to Chief of Child Exploitation Unit What!? I mean you couldn't make this sh*t up. Unbelievable!!  …
In Europe, the weekday European football nights are something fans look forward to. In Asia we have our very own weekday @TheAFCCL fixtures we can be proud of. While here in Malaysia, we say to Darul Aman:  to Asian football nights. #AsianChampionsLeague 
SEOUL- No dating, no sex, no marriage and no babies: two South Korean YouTubers who vow to stay single have caused uproar in the east Asian nation as it battles the world's lowest fertility rate. The duo have gained celebrity status for their SOLOdarity  … 
Muslim-Asian gangs have taken over the control of Oldham council claims Raja Mia, who is under police protection! He has worked with government on counter extremism, & Oldham council Oldham council officials knew of the child rape gangs, but did nothing!  
Football fan: I hate these Asian fans so much. They don't watch their team at the stadium. A few Asians: *buys tickets to watch a game at the stadium, flying halfway across the planet* Football fan: This is the issue with football now. Foreign fans watching games live.
 … Martin Luther King Jr and millions of Americans White, Hispanic, Asian and Black, transformed America into a better nation for ALL. We all have our purpose on Earth, then God takes us home. This man DEFINITELY fulfilled his purpose! #MLKDay2020 #MAGA
This has now hit 30k likes for an inexplicable reason If you like seeing the process behind creating illustrations and reading about Southeast Asian visual cultures, I have a Patreon: 
Why is this a Sikh gang and not an Asian one?  …
If a benefit claimant said this it would rightfully be considered a racially motivated hate crime. Absolutely odious. DWP investigator denies being racist after calling Asian officer 'PC Poppadom'  …
No one:.... Asian mom: (throw shoes) 
Grooming Gangs = Asian 3 Sikh Men stabbed = Religion used. The interesting portrayal by the media.
home office: Full Public Enquiry into “Asian” Grooming Gangs in the United Kingdom. - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange
So it’s Sikh men reported in the press, but grooming gangs are Asian  …
all i want is a hot asian girlfriend now goodnight
If you've ever wondered 'what's up with all those Asian structured products?' or 'How can something named a Flash Lizard roil U.S. options?' well, this Odd Lots is for you. @TheStalwart and I speak with  …
Three killed in Sikh gang bloodbath: Police arrest two men, 29 and 39, after horrific triple stabbing in clash between rival groups that leaves victims lying dead in east London street Why are they not being called 'asian' 
french definitely hates foreigners and that's final.  to asian countries (japan, for example) not knowing a SPECK of our languages and make us speak english or whatever but you don't see asians treating foreigners badly
Met the U.S, Acting Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs, Ms. Alice Wells. The U.S is eager to increase the trade potential between our two nations. Ms. Wells is of the opinion that agriculture is one sector where immediate progress can be made. 1/3 
Which side are you? ( no war ) Retweet = Nadine Lustre Like = Liza Soberano #agnation #bestfanarmy 
Developing Asian nations find their voice: sort your own stinking garbage  …
10/n Tianzhu or Tenjiku is the ancient East Asian name for  from Chinese transliteration of the “Hindu”, which itself is derived from the Sanskrit Sindhu (Indus River) Source: An Anthology of Chinese Discourse on Translation, vol 1, Pg 179, 181.
The adorable pangolin is the most-trafficked animal On the planet The four Asian species have been all but decimated, so African pangolin species are now being targeted to feed the demand for scales Humanity doesn’t deserve this beautiful world  … via @nypost
Police in Rotherham who left Asian grooming gangs free to rape girls because they were afraid of race backlash, must be named and shamed. It is truly shocking that adults who should be protecting children, left them vulnerable. via  
BTS US Tour dates leaked Asian Countries: 
Asia will have a higher GDP than the rest of the  - 70 years ago the Asian economy only represented 20% of global economy. #WEF20  
#RealityCheck 1 Word for #AsimRiaz RETWEET = 24th Sexiest Asian Boy Like = 4th Tv Personality 2019 #Asim #AsimRiazForTheWin #IStandWithAsim #ISupportAsim #BigBoss13 @imrealasim #AsiManshi #BB13 
Even when predominantly Asian movies earn Oscar nominations, the actors in them don't receive nods for their acting. 
It is such an insane and crazy jump to take MY joke and then it into a “hurr all Asians look same” joke. And that’s *completely ignoring+ the fact that I am a Mixed-Asian woman who was born and raised in Taiwan.
"妖怪 Asian mythology creatures" by bouten abarewanko  
#GroomingGangs To say these paedophilic atrocities are Asian is very wrong, they are not Chinese or Japanese we have to call it exactly what it is. It’s Islam. And the reality is the statistics are a lot worst. It’s Islam not Asian.
More than 25,000 fans attended the two concert nights at Macau East Asian Games Dome Arena, all tickets were sold out successfully, especially #SMGLOBALPACKAGE with costs of $1,580 to $5,500 with meet and greet. Thank you ELF! #SUPERJUNIOR #SUPERSHOW #SUPERSHOW8 
This is what is happening in Telangana, experimenting on the population in the name of development. My opinion in today's Asian Age #AI #FacialRecognition 
Our new masters: For left-liberals, the systematic sexual abuse of white, working-class girls by Asian men must be swept under the carpet, the Catholic beliefs of politicians must be suppressed, and the language of students must be monitored & restricted.  …
Police in Rotherham who left Asian grooming gangs free to rape girls must be named says MP Sarah Champion  …
On my soapbox about the insanity of not having wild fervent Asian American support for @AndrewYang Working in Film/TV, I've been fighting for representation for a long time. I'm baffled that Asians are not fighting for representation at the HIGHEST level @PagetKagy agrees? 
India as the largest source of slaves in Central Asia is borne out in genetics. Peoples like Tajiks who historically engaged in the slave trade have more than double the amount of Indian  to more isolated Central Asian peoples like Yaghnobi.  
hey! I sang the most vulnerable song I’ve ever written at an open mic at a local queer bar/club. (the song is about being misgendered and fetishized as an “asian girl” and have been misgendered and fetishized as a “trans boy” all while being an agender laotian tom...) 
“Other than us, there are so many legends out there in foreign countries. I really truly hope that after this moment, maybe next year, year after, we can see a lot more casts (from other foreign/Asian films).”—Choi Wooshik 
Review: Awkwafina takes the Asian-American entertainment renaissance to new heights in "Nora From Queens" 
I'm not Korean, but I am Asian, and I'm emotional because of what it means for my daughter growing up in this country. Maybe she won't feel different because people who look like her also get standing ovations and awards.  …
Told my coworker Jamaicans nuh trust Asian food too much cause we nuh know a wa minda meat.  today eating boneless chicken, mi just hear “How’s the rat?” . Affi tell him nuh bother wid it.
This will be on the menu Tuesday! Pan seared salmon on top of a bed of crab rice alongside Asian almond shrimp and zucchini. 
Following the success of #Parasite, the cast of Bong Joon Ho's drama hopes to see more international and Asian films getting recognition #SAGAwards  
I love how this author is clearly frustrated by all of the asian chicks fucking white guys instead of him.  …
as an asian do i have the right to feel slightly offended by this?
When I tell you that every single Asian person backstage at the SAG Awards just had the same emotional look on their face when the PARASITE team... even people who had nothing to do with the movie...
Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs #AliceWells arrived in Pakistan for a four-day official visit.  …
Cus when asian moms shopping.. they want it BIG. 
East Asian countries are EXTREMELY uneducated about cultural appropriation. China, Korea, and japan are all homogenous societies with very little exposure to POC. Bc of this, they don’t develop the knowledge and respect westerners have on this topic.  …
Much love to our friends at @SASIinNYC for always repping #Kashmir. They are a model for the South Asian diaspora.  …
those ppl  black swan (movie) to black swan (song) to bs&t are really onto 
Favorite Asian dads in order: 1) Bong Joon-Ho 2) my dad  …
I guess bone broth is like a health trend now and there are plenty of white people making fun of other white people about it. But realize that bone broth has actually existed in various Asian cuisines for ages. Y’all need to go try some seolleongtang for once in your lives.
So, FAKE NEWS QUEEN is sharing a RECYCLED FAKE NEWS site (“Asian  ” kuno ) accusing me of spreading fake news? DESPERATE PATHETIC TROLLS! Unlike your propagandists, we adhere to HIGHEST standard of SCHOLARSHIP and journalism in our formal works :)
Just published, my latest paper with Hal Hill in Asian Economic Policy Review: “ Making Economic Policy in a Democratic Indonesia: The First Two Decades.”  
I'm gonna keep sending petition. Please retweet again Home Office: Full Public Enquiry into Asian Grooming Gangs in the United Kingdom. - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange
#Asian is code for #muslim in British media who fear accusations of #HateSpeech because Britain dedicates more police power to perusing the Internet and #persecution (not a typo) for “islamophobic”—albeit true—speech, than to prosecuting and incarcerating  …
Senior High’s Galvanize wins Asian Hiphop Philippines title for second straight year With the victory, Galvanize will once again vie for the crown in the finals in Hongkong this May. #ThomasianExcellence Article:  
#Prophecy_About_SaintRampalJi #विश्व_विजेता_संत RampalJi Savior of the world is in India ! Savior will take birth in that country in Asian region which has an ocean by its name (Indian Ocean). - Nostradamus shocking Prophecy. "Supreme God RampalJi Saheb 
Black chefs will never get a Michelin Star b/c Michelin doesn’t think African American food is fine dining. Unless we create some kind of fusion w/ French or Asian they will never check for us & even before then tell me how many black ppl are already chefs at Michelin restaurants
Y'all believe anything online not knowing the slightest thing about food, culture or anything really. This "Asian people eat anything" is getting boring and y'all need to leave this bs on Facebook.
Still amused by Nike agreeing to allow Asian players (Li Na, both X. Wangs and Osaka) to wear sponsorship patches on their outfits after years of restricting them from its biggest stars.
In a video released by Ajinomoto, several Asian American figures, restaurateurs, and medical professionals spoke out against the misconceptions surrounding MSG and Chinese food 
Having been in a fair amount of south east Asian hotels, this is actually not as surprising as it might at first seem  …
See how this started by trying to clown an Asian man (who none of you actually know anything about), but quickly descended into black ppl bashing other Black ppl, supposedly in the name of Black unity. And you wonder why we ain't getting nowhere. I call BS on this faux outrage.
a lot of non Black Latinx and Asian people be anti-Black but get their entire persona and slang from Black people. I will never be ok with that......
If you're at all working on/learning abt social issues involving Asian diaspora in N America, you need to follow ppl like @kevinnadal & @ejrdavid. Everyone talks abt issues that Chinese & Japanese diaspora face but pls also learn abt the exp of Filipino diaspora and non-E  …
Police in Rotherham who left Asian grooming gangs free to rape girls because they were afraid ...  via @MailOnline
“i’ve wanted this for a while but i’m a super loyal person” —asian doll 
Today @biwoccookbook_ we tested out recipes from @TheKitchenista Black bean sliders with Asian slaw + sriracha mayo Smoked sausage hash Chorizo, chicken, rice & beans Olive oil cake with a mascarpone glaze Strawberry Guava & cream hand pies Mango Custard Pie 
People agree to things like this but act like they don’t praise nigahiga, mychonny, the asian parody of fireflies, and more as a throwback to asian YouTube culture Don’t worry. The asians who are still prideful in our ethnicities but can take things as a joke are here  …
thinking about how my high school policy debate partner is now an intimidatingly hot rave girl w/ a hypebeast boyfriend & I’m nearing my third caffeine-induced anxiety meltdown of the year while listening to a playlist called “Sad Boy Jazz.” there really are two Asian Americas
In a lot of Asian cultures, you refer to all your parents’ friends (or adults who are basically family) as “aunt” or “uncle” even if you’re not actually related And I could not be more damn proud to call these two my honorary aunt and uncle #YangGang #AsiansForYang 
it's funny how nobody posts videos of the people with no credits who actually pay their way into games and get hospitality tickets, because they're old white men in suits and inherently superior to Asian fans  …
There are Asian and Asian-American men out here looking this beautiful and gorgeous and YT gays really have the audacity to discriminate against them based on race. Could NOT be me.  …
WAIT ASIAN AGENT POSTED THIS??? and look at the location byeeeee 
some of yall need to realize that humility and modesty are a huge aspect of many asian cultures so a bts member downplaying or being modest about their skills does not mean u should take what they say literally and discredit their abilities lmao
Did some more fan art! The Grand Master and his Champion. I have a great adoration for martial arts and East Asian mysticism. MK took everything I love and amalgamated it into one setting. And it’s still the coolest thing ever. #FlawlessVictory 
#YangGang Today a #BernieSanders table was setup next to ours... Bernie lady: So you only like @AndrewYang because he’s Asian & you’re Asian, right? YG woman: Do you only like @BernieSanders because he’s white and you’re white? Bernie lady: ... #AmericaNeedsAndrewYang
DWP investigator denies being racist after calling Asian officer 'PC Poppadom'  …
Just found out that ppl say I act like a white girl and I’m not asian enough I’m sorry guys I will try to be more asian for u Ching Chong  to my nail salon I work hard make money go to school america very good! hehehe i go now I have Kung fu lesson today
I want every single white man who follows Me and has an “Asian fetish” to step the fuck up today and give Me My money. Your place is as a white slave beneath My feet. * findom * asianfindom *
This Toronto-based shop fuses European and Asian baking techniques to make oozing pastries 
there’s this indian girl and indian people are asian
Asian families never give you the sex talk, they just give you a bowl haircut so you won't need it
Members of the South Asian diaspora in Chicago march in protest against the discriminatory policies of the BJP government of India. We stand in solidarity with the people of Kashmir, and in solidarity with people protesting the NRC, CAA, and NPR 
The African rich is no different than the American rich, European rich or Asian rich. They all steal from the state through deals, taxes breaks, policy/laws. Overthrow is the only answer 
doing again for more moots - be kind >< ✮ call me bunni ✮ 16 (17 soon) ✮ bisexual (no lean) ✮ switch (no lean) ✮ pisces ✮ love goth culture ✮ dni -15 or 29+ ✮ she/her ✮ asian & dominican 
Great reporting by @MythiliSk on protests across the U.S. by South Asian Americans against exclusionary Citizenship act in India targeting Muslims  …
I’ve seen asian pre order screen shots on here. I thought it was worldwide now. @JoeManager or @JamesD_Arcy can  …
. @ajpeddakotla on the role of South Asian-Americans in fighting fascism in their home countries and abroad #NoToCAA_NRC_NPR #CAA_NRCProtests 
someone leak the asian tour dates why it always gotta be america
Telling your white mum your hurt vs telling your asian mum 
all asian armys gna wake up and just Thinking abt our non existence tour dates . 
lol why does my cousin have a twitter account??? Why is her camera roll full of asian men??? lmaoooo anyways, HELLO ELENA‘S FOLLOWERS HOW ARE Y‘ALL? I‘M FYNN, NICE TO MEET YA Elena’s currently getting food for us and left her phone here. Dumbass, I’m not surprised. 
me dancing at my asian friends wedding  …
