OFFICIAL: Ghana midfielder Wakaso Mubarak will be unveiled by Chinese Super League side Jiansu Suning following his medicals today. He joins the Asian side from Deportivo Alavez. 
yeah they always use balut egg and cow's tongue which are regular normal food but then u have these western celebrities balking and pretend-vomiting over asian food.....bro tongue meat isn't even that diff from regular beef it's just texturized  …
My detailed Q&A (Sunday Interview) with Jharkhand CM Mr. Hemant Soren. It has appeared in “The Asian Age” today (Jan 19, 2019).  
Lowkey had that feeling that she's one of those Asian girls that are into black guys  …
no one thinks your karen looking ass is asian BYE LMAO 
you think asian men have big noses cause they’re always lying to their parents about being at the shisha bar?
Maajid Nawaz accused this caller of being in "denial" about the reality of South Asian grooming gangs. @MaajidNawaz  …
Infected 2 Chinese citizens now it’s a “New Chinese virus”? Lazy journalism or subtle racism? SARS pandemic originated in China 2002. We never called it “Chinese Severe acute respiratory syndrome”. Asian Flu tho. We’ve been blaming ‘the other’ for years  …
Review: Awkwafina takes the Asian-American entertainment renaissance to new heights in "Nora From Queens" 
If you think that the title "kpop" is a negative or harmful thing then that is YOUR problem and speaks volumes on how you view east Asian culture and music if you think it is such a bad thing to be associated with. HENCE why the btsp*p agenda is xenophobic.  …
this what three crazy asian girls on jameson look like 
While Birmingham is announcing extra millions of $to market Australia as an international tourist destination in the wake of the bushfires, Dutton is rapidly reducing approval rates for tourists from Asian countries. Wonder if Birmingham and Dutton talk to each other? 
This is old but someone just called my attention to it; back in November Asian Americans were noticing #YangMediaBlackout around the time I was being told by editors I couldn't use the word "blackout" if I wanted to get my piece published #AndrewYang 
anime nerds stop wearing ahego shirts especially if ur gonna go to the goddamn asian food expo next door where there are hundreds of children and millions of asian judgmental grannies
Asian Americans for Pete represent!!  …
I live for Asian food. When people say they don’t like it I truly can’t understand
REMEMBER: racism = black and Asian snowflakes talking about racism racism ≠ racists doing a racist
so what i’m getting from this that marriage is equivalent to racism?? just admit that you’re only mad because he ended ur pathetic dream of ever being able to romantically be with him and GO. u are EMBARRASSING talmbout “east asian culture” get out LMFAOOOO  …
Iran football body slams "illegal" Asian Football Confederation ban on hosting international matches  
Diversity is violence Diversity is assault Diversity is Rape By Asian Muslim men of Young White girls. Diversity is stabbings Diversity is bombings Diversity is murder Diversity is genocide Diversity is hatred of Whites  …
Finally revealing what I am! Mexican? Italian? Asian? My answer is in this video... 
Oh! And for the love of God talk to some non American Reylos especially Asian ones.
Our male babirusa, Wrigley celebrated his 15th birthday this past week and Asian small-clawed otter Hana joined the party! Happy birthday Wrigley!! 
Had someone email me as Mr. Dau (when literally typing in my email address with my last name in it) and then had someone assume I teach Asian American Studies because of my last name in the same day.
From metroland, the story of irish, asian & windrush migration, to being the home of football and the lion Jayaben Desai-there is so much to be proud of in Brent. Brilliant opening to @LBOC2020 involving so many Brent 
me practicing how to slip the waiter money so i dont have to fight about the dinner check with my whole asian family 
Asian women.... superior
Black people loose their jobs and get called ghetto for wearing braids, but then white ppl and Asian ppl wear them and just get told they have style. If black people weren’t being ACTIVELY discriminated against for wearing them it wouldn’t be a huge problem +
he's half asian
what's actually worth ranting about though is their choice to go with the supposedly inferior chipset for the Asian & European markets.
In August 1972, Ugandan President Idi Amin ordered that Ugandans with Asian ancestry leave the country within 90 days. 
I saw this rel sweet Asian girl at B-yacht-ch last night and I can’t get her out of my head
UK police ignored child sexual abuse by Asian gangs for decades to avoid racial tensions - report 
"Asian" Going to go out on a limb and say they weren't Chinese...
asian girls are so beautiful ily all  …
Asian Americans are least likely to fill out the census form — and most concerned their answers will be used against them — according to a survey by the Census Bureau. 
Maajid Nawaz accuses caller of being in "denial" about Asian grooming gangs - LBC : in denial about Asian gangs being Muslims from Pakistan, Somalia and North Africa. Even Chief Inspector of Rotherham is in denial? ⁦ @TanDhesi⁩. Is’Phobia in  …
The Asian Football Confederation (AFC) has banned #Iran from hosting international  for no clear reason, in a move which many see as driven by third-party pressure. 
“Slept with over 100 Asian men” Slept.  …
asking for friend: any examples of movies/tv episodes where actors are asked to fake an accent (asian or otherwise) during an audition other than MASTER OF NONE?
Police chief told abuse victim's father that Rotherham 'would erupt' in racial violence if force admitted extent of 30-year Asian grooming gang scandal 
You would think some executive at a Hollywood film studio would think, hey, let's get that good looking Asian guy that makes all the most viewed videos in history to direct a musical. Nope.
So I think I’ve been PRANKED! All the lads from work said they were wearing Asian clothes to this wedding and they’re all in bloody shirts and ties! I’m the ONLY ONE!! 
Men just get 50gh haircuts and are good to go. Meanwhile just one bundle of Asian double drawn wants to break my account
China is the first real  that the US has faced (Even the Soviet Union was never really an economic peer.)” It’s the world’s second-largest economy, the largest trading partner of most Asian countries, and doesn’t rely on American military protection. F. Zakaria
We're looking for Southeast Asian speculative/weird fiction to review in 2020. New or old novels or shorts (and possibly film/television), preferably already published online or in print.   Self-recs OK.
Confucius said that the highest calling for a man is to  a statesman, so that he may take responsibility for the well-being of his people. Modern Asian culture had shed many great ways of thinking. (Analects of Confucius)  …
I'm Southeast Asian. I've eaten goat head soup, chicken intestines, cow brains, palm tree weevils and beating cobra heart with cobra blood mixed with honey. And yet. This... Meal... It disgusts me.  …
Wallah I hope Allah SWT severely punishes asian aunties who gossip and backbite about their nieces and nephews, that shit ruins lives
as an east asian, you are wrong. also, racism is bad EVERYWHERE get some help
“Asian men can’t be leading men.”  …
4 golds in Rome. In a month's time, India and some of world's star wrestlers will be in New Delhi for the Asian Championships. The wrestling will be .  to IG stadium. February 18-23. 
Discussions of Asian white adjacency, of how we have 'penetrated' into elite white circles, only looks at the ceiling. What about the floor? What white adjacency do poor Asian laborers have? They're considered as filthy and alien to whiteness as anyone.
trish: my bf really cheatin on me with an asian girl named anna mae or however you pronounce it mista: wait till you hear about hen tye
She literally looks 22 god I can’t wait to be older and still poppin with these asian genes  …
Salt & Sichuan Squid Asian Slaw .Banging quality from the mighty @welchfishmongers #ondine #squid #seafood #edinburgh #foodphotography 
They may have been "Asians" but more specifically they were mainly (UK) Pakistanis. Why damn all Asian people? Isn't that racist?  …
if you paypigs really wanted my attention, you would send some money lol // findomme asian domme // 
Currently at the largest gathering of APA advocates training for the census cohosted by @MinKwonCenter & @ChhayaCDC This is why this is so important In 2010, the census was advertised in 13 Asian languages, this year it only looks to be 5. #countmeinnyc  …
op is like “that’s racist” but the reason it’s “racist” is because of a much larger societal structure of east asian beauty standards. I can’t even tell the bts boys apart jfc
Lord, thank you. I love you besfrens!!!! @USTGalvanize Your Asian Hiphop Philippines 2020 BACK 2 BACK CHAMPS! SEE U AGAIN SOON HK!!!!! 
the kpop industry is not diverse and only recruits based on one (1) type of beauty. so yes, it’s difficult to distinguish east asian idols not because of racism & “all asians look the same” but bc the industry only values faces that look just like these fire emblem characters.  …
On @BBCLookNorth at 6.20pm: hear from @elharper1400 - a Rotherham abuse survivor, after a police watchdog report into her case found that a senior police officer ignored child exploitation by gangs of Asian men for thirty years.
Having lunch at one of our favorite restaurants at @DisneySprings! @MorimotoAsiaFLA is always a fantastic choice if you love Asian food! 
Andrew Yang to Bill Maher last night: "Early on in my campaign, some people told me an Asian couldn't win the White House. And those people... were my parents." See, that's funny.
"Where is the Asian Black Panther?!" "My culture is not your prom dress!" "Scarlett Johansson!" "I hope my white boyfriend doesn't like other Asian girls!" "I cried about my lunch in 5th grade."  …
Global action needed to stop this evil trade and expose the sick predators preying on children in African & Asian tourist destinations.  … #PaedoTourism #Gambia #Thailand #Vietnam
My cute Asian food girls gang is back in action #OC #originalcharacter #digitalart #cutiesaturday 
4 black people, 2 White people, 1 asian person, and 1 mixed person all standing TOGETHER in the name of BLEXIT at the MLK Parade in Charlotte. All on a mission TOGETHER to help black Americans and ultimately all Americans understand that they are FREE. #BLEXIT 
Breaking News via BBC News: A South Yorkshire Senior Police admit they ignored the sexual abuse of girls in Rotherham by South Asian men, mainly of Pakistani heritage, in fear of accusation of racism. This  as part of a report leaked to the Times.
UK police ignored child sexual abuse by Asian gangs for decades to avoid racial tensions - report 
Asian Americans are least likely to fill out the census form — and most concerned their answers will be used against them — according to a survey by the Census Bureau. 
In 8th grade my teacher said racist asian stuff about my "slit eyes" cause i can't see shit so i told her calmly that hair implant surgeries exist so she can get a husband at 60 before she dies alone.  …
hello cute Asian boy with glasses would you like to hang out with me when i am free tomorrow night i am free to hang out tomorrow night please dm me if you want to hang out tomorrow night when i am free to hang out which is tomorrow night cute Asian boy with glasses  …
I'm looking for one or two #Afrofuturist or #Afropunk authors for a project. Mostly sensitivity and world-building, but I'm also building a stable of writers for future projects. Also... since I'm here, if any mixed Afro/latinx or First Nations/East Asian authors want some work..
Audience in Korea screams <Aaadam, Aaadam, Aaaaadam> #adamlambert, you got lot of Korean Glamberts. Time to held the Velvet Asian Tour  …
It’s not “East Asian” culture, it’s delusional entitled bitches with no self-esteem that get no dick and hate to see other people happy culture. Let’s call a spade, a spade.  …
Funny, Lilly Allen blocked me on here after talking *at* us (British Pakistanis) who dared to raise the issue of S.Asian Muslim grooming gangs in a report we issued from @QuilliamOrg (authored by British Pakistanis). Maybe *she* should stick to singing?   …
UPDATE: Hank Azaria announced he will no longer voice the character of Apu on ‘The Simpsons’ after widespread criticism that the role, played by a white actor, normalized racism toward the South Asian  
WATCH & RT: We must be able to talk about grooming gangs, dominated by South Asian Muslim men, against primarily underage white girls, wothout fear of being accused of racism  …
Maajid Nawaz accused this caller of being in "denial" about the reality of Asian grooming gangs. @MaajidNawaz  …
The real threat to America, Apu has been eliminated. Immigrant South Asian business owners do not sound like that! Now let’s get rid of Homer who portrays suburban white men as dumb and fat. Not true! We do not have a stupid or obesity problem in America! #Apu #banhomer
if you had a tool that didn’t work as well on black people, asian people, women, old people, and young people, but nearly everyone who used it ignored its deficiencies, how valuable would you describe it as being? 
I am looking at the abuse that Black, Asian and Minority Creatives are getting on Twitter for saying exactly the same thing I said and thinking how it exemplifies my point, sadly.
“Hold on. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Did you wait until Kyler Murray had a good year before you claimed him as Asian diaspora?” — @bomani_jones “I believe I called him my Heism-Asian!” — 
At least in one line they clearly mention Pakistani grooming gangs instead of using standard Asian men. However, the next mention reverts to Asian...
Quite interesting how foreign festivals consistently give honors to Asian films depicting poverty and crime: from Avellana’s “Anak Dalita” to Brocka’s “Insiang” to Mendoza’s “Kinatay” to Koreeda’s “Shoplifters” and to Joon-ho’s “Parasite.” The meandering camera is Orientalizing.
ERNEST W. BAKER geometric floral slim-fit shirt € 310,00 2020.01.18 2020 Asian Tour Concert in Seoul Kyung Hee University Grand Peace Palace antonioli eu and studio jay #kimjaejoong #jaejoong #김재중 #ジェジュン #J_JUN #金在中 #LoveSong 
Iranian media reporting that AFC (Asian Football Confederation) has informed #Iran it will not be hosting any international football matches on Iranian soil due to security concerns. Officials here angered, as a result all Iranian teams have pulled out of the AFC champions league
A reminder that 24 Months ago Kurt Kitayama was playing in an Asian Dev Tour event, was ranked 1187th in OWGR and had no status anywhere. 15 months ago he was at 1st stage of Euro Q school and had never played in Europe He's looking for his 3rd win and would move into top 50 OWGR
Yep. Indian Brits are more successful than average too & Sikhs are our richest group. Nevertheless, there is racism against South Asian people. The privilege model is very flawed & simplistic one.  …
A chief inspector said “Paki shagging” - ie rape & sexual abuse of children - had been going on for 30yrs. But it couldn’t be challenged because the perpetrators were “Asian”. 30yrs of multiculturalism has rotted the elite’s ability to govern. Ordinary people know this. 
‘White men approach little boys and girls’ Peadophilia holidays in Africa & Asian have been going on for decades if not centuries, almost exclusively by white perpetrators. But note the absence of the descriptor white in the headline. Think for yourself.  …
Say it again for the people in the back! There are white Latinx, there are black Latinx, and yes there are asian Latinx. 
Clean Asian flavours for lunch 
“Asian”?? I think mainly (UK) Pakistani is more precise. The use of the word “Asian” in this context is racist.  …
Asian cine square Uppal #SarileruNeekevvaru 1st week gross : ₹32.77lks (57 shows, 95.68% Occupancy) #AlaVaikunthapurramloo 6 days gross : ₹29lks (58 shows,99.28% Occupancy)
As a south east asian, I'm telling you to shut the fcvk up, sit on a cactus and rotate at a slow pace  …
Police chief admitted force ignored sex abuse by grooming gangs WHAT WOULD THE SITUATION HAVE BEEN IF WHITE MEN WERE GROOMING ASIAN GIRLS ? WHEN ARE WE GOING TO GET SOME BALANCE IN OUR LAW ENFORCEMENT.. 
Calling Pakistani Rapists 'Asian' is like saying Europeans killed millions of Jews in WW2
gay people are shamed for being gay AND sexualized/fetishized while being depicted as sex-crazed animals asian people, latino people, black people, other people of color all shamed and prejudized against because of racism, but also fetishized, objectified for being """exotic""" 
yall are really out there hating on alyssa chang  her to penelope park just because they are both asian and it shows. they're literally nothing alike... if anything alyssa's personality is more similar to lizzie's
Please retweet. This is disgusting & not an isolated case The grooming gangs are Pakistani not Asian & it's time this was reported correctly. Grooming gangs are being covered up all over the UK incase of being called racist #ProtectOurChildren  …
European, Asian, African armys we aren’t going to sleep now since they going to enter the US air
Harvard Raghunathan Family (postdoctoral) Fellowship for recent PhDs in humanities/social sciences related to South Asia. Stipend for one academic year: $47,500. Priority given to graduates of South Asian institutions. Deadline: January 31, 2020. Details:  …
OUR FUTURE SOUTHEAST ASIAN SPEAKERS Huge huge thanks to everyone for spending the day with us and stepping out of  zone. If not you then who #GDCFPDay 
I'm looking for that article about a South East Asian country that banned Europeans from travelling without proof of  because people has gone there to busk and beg. Does anyone have it? I think it was Thailand or Vietnam but I might be remembering incorrectly?
The Egyptian Vulture is one of the most threatened Euro-Asian vultures. To counteract this situation, our Partner in Nigeria @ncfnigeria launched this powerful campaign to raise the #awareness of 2.5 million people about the threats #vultures face.  
"BLACK SWAN" first 24 hours on YT & iTunes: YouTube - 14.5+M views - 2.5+M likes iTunes - #1 on 94 countries making it the first Korean/Asian act with the Most #1 on iTunes Congrats BTSxARMY + MN Dance Company ( #BTSARMY #BestFanArmy #iHeartAwards @BTS_twt)
Jokowi dinobat Asian of the Year 2019.   …
What I want to see it two dark-skinned black/Asian people in love and centred, two disabled leads, two lesbians, two fat people in love... Progress is not about diluting difference by making marginalised bodies acceptable via mixing/linking them to more socially valued bodies.  …
A splendid Friday night with local So Cal Asian American progressive activists, Bernie Sanders CA Political Director Jane Kim and Dr. Paul Song, champion of Medicare-for-All...talking about how to win the Progressive Agenda for  
Christianity should not be Westernisation. Any 'Christianity' that requires you to change your African, Asian, or Native American name to a Westernised name is not Christianity, but Westernisation. Nothing in Scripture requires you to do that #FreeLeahSharibu #RenosNuggets
For asian and korean artist... For Christ sake... Bcoz of you all putting everything Korean is kpop.. All IU, @drunkntigerjk are classified as kpop... OTHER GENRE SONGS AND ALBUMS ALL ARE CLASSIFIED UNDER KPOP...
Remember the white YouTuber who posted her DNA result and was so upset that she didn’t have any african or asian ancestry? This is the same dumbassery; on steroids. For context; this is the celebrity in question   …
Any Asian food could literally murder English food. That's on periodT.
Rotherham police did not do enough to protect girls from abuse by Asian men, says watchdog. Prosecute Offenders!  …
Who tf is saying that in East Asian cultures it's shameful for celebs to get married? Bitch I'm a whole ass East Asian and that ain't it bruh wtf don't even try to use cultural beliefs as an excuse to drag jongdae, actually don't even use any excuses. Don't drag him at all.
Los Angeles AAPI leaders convening for a Bernie barnstorm with @JaneKim. 1 out of 6 voters are Asian American & Pacific Islanders & could swing the CA primary. AAPIs are poised to  a political force & there's one candidate who will truly empower  
Choose your asian boy 
Asian American super PAC endorses fmr. VP Biden.  - @NBCAsianAmerica
I am asian living in asian country..and guess what in my country biggest celebrities are married and has kids..and all support when their fav start dating and gets married and their kids are literally stars of media and public since their birth..
this isn’t East Asian culture because the vast majority of you guys aren’t even chen fans lmfaooo you want him out because you don’t care about him. simple.  …
“The opposite of Donald Trump is an Asian man who likes math.” -Future #POTUS #AndrewYang #Yang2020 #YangGang #AndrewYangForPresident #billmaher #realtime #HBO #math #VoteBlueNoMatterWho #asian #ImpeachedForLife #Impeachment #IMPOTUS #TrumpKnew #SniffyMcAdderall 
I think every "asian culture" has the same point it's to stand by your family. Taking responsibility to your own action on having a family is the same. Taking away a member to his own group/family is not a culture its your sick mentality. #EXOLStandWith9 #하나란_그_말처럼_엑소9
this “east asian” kpop culture is slowly (like incredibly slowly) changing so that idols are more humanized. i want jongdae to push this “line” and serve as a precedent. show everyone that you can be a flawless idol even with a wife and kid 
DON'T SPEAK FOR EAST ASIAN PEOPLE! DON'T EVEN SPEAK FOR ASIAN PEOPLE! SPEAK FOR YOURSELF AND YOURSELF ONLY!!! IDOL GETTING MARRIED IS NOT BAD. #EXOPLANETofNine #EXO오래오래사랑하자 #EXOLStandWith9 #하나란_그_말처럼_엑소9 @weareoneEXO
I’m chinese my guy and this ain’t “east Asian culture” this is called being psychotic and overly possessive. Get help
Ok but who tf would thing she’s asian btw
Danai Sriwatcharamethakul track record as Thailand’s women’s volleyball national team head coach: 2 SEA Games 2 Asian Championship 1 Montreux Volley Masters 2 Asian Cup 
I gave @brandiredmond the benefit of the doubt and listened to it a second time. But the first words should have been I am sorry for a overweight person impersonation I am sorry for an asian impersonation I am sorry for an insensitive ethnic car wash post @Brightl36034096 1/2
S. Asian men while sending that first, unsolicited "Hi mam" 
I m south asian indian. Grew up on Simpsons. Nothing offensive about apu. He has a phd, is shown as hard working, loyal, smart. 
[]MUB€AT MOAs please take 15-20 minutes to vote. We're behind by 93K Votes. Create more accounts 25+ if possible. This is the last day of voting and 11hours left till it ends. Asian MOAs are waking up soon, so let's keep up the pace and take that #1 spot. @TXT_members
Hi, Rory: Scottish people have literally never faced discrimination in the US or had a hard time finding Scottish actors or characters in the media, unlike South Asian immigrants.
Just watched @AndrewYang on @RealTimers with @billmaher. Funniest joke of the night in my opinion belonged to Yang when he broke the news that some people close to him told him years ago that an Asian-American could never  President. And they were his parents. #YangGang
This go-to Asian dad is one of the coolest humans on the planet. We worked together in LA on Flower Drum Song. We had to do a Beijing opera pas de deux of sorts, and it was easy to trust him with some of the more difficult moves. Love you, Tzi! Can’t...  …
. @BillMaher tells #RealTime guest @AndrewYang that he likes his approach to identity politics: "I don't see color. My staff tells me you're Asian." Not funny. But Yang gives classy reply: "Asian Americans don't usually get into politics; I hope I'm changing that."
Florida's snake hunters are scouring the Everglades for Burmese pythons, part of the state’s efforts to eradicate the invasive Asian snake  
"Early in my campaign, I was told that an Asian couldn't be President. And it was my parents." - @AndrewYang to @billmaher on #RealTime 
Asian americkans when they write their college & art gallery application essays Asian americkans when WaPo & CNN say international students might be spies for China & Vietnam 
Hey I an idea: Maybe Apu can be voiced by an actual south Asian actor?? Just a thought!!  …
[Trans] theqoo: 10 Celebrities who Went Viral on Social Media (WW) in 2019 - No. 4 BTS #Jungkook - the only Asian (and Korean) Source: Weibo 哎一股清流 #JK #정국 
One thing I've noticed. A lot of "blerds" will call out white people for their racism but ignore or outright excuse Asian anti-blackness. I'm in confusion with this
Asian American Movement 1973: No war in Vietnam! Reunify China! Reunify Korea! Nukes out of Japan! End Imperialism! Support Communism! Asian Americkans 2020: War on China! North Korea Bad! Vietnam=Authoritarian! Stan Awkwafina! Winnie The Pooh! Serve our country!
ASIAN MOA YOU GOT THIS RIGHT!?? WAKIE WAKIE BABYYYY @TXT_members @TXT_bighit 
im seeing weathering with you rn and there is a massive group of asian high schoolers who look like tiktok-ers who  filled up my row. not even 2 minutes into them sitting down i hear them drop the n word 3 times. i wanna go home LOL
I've had the same opinion since the beginning: Yang is *Not* entitled to all Asian individuals or entity's endorsements It's better that Yang has sincere endorsements from those with convictions No one should be shamed into endorsing or not endorsing anyone
Latinos: “why do they call all of us Mexicans? Also latinos: He’s asian? “CHINO”
It should be noted that a lot of Hindus fall under the "Asian" category but there are VERY few Hindu cases. Here is the source for the disbelievers  …
420 asians are under investig. from the scandal in #Rotherham, UK Rotherham has a population of 109,691 Asian pop. of Rotherham is 8.3% = 9104 50% males = 4552 420 under investigation = 9.23% of asian male pop. in Rothe. under invest. of sexually abusing minor British girls 
When Indonesia sent warships to the Natunas this week, it became the latest Southeast Asian nation to stand up to China’s maritime assertiveness.  …
The American Council for Southern Asian Art (ACSAA), a CAA Affiliate Society, has condemned the ongoing assault on democratic institutions and intellectual freedoms in India. Read their statement here:  … #CAA_NRCProtests
A senior police officer in Rotherham has confessed that the abuse of white girls by Asian men was deliberately overlooked for decades for fear of increasing ‘racial tensions’. (‘The town would erupt’) What was known as ‘P*** shagging’ had been going on for 30 years. Amazing!
code psalm #ad to unlock asian skin variant
IMPORTANT: "When Asian Americans aren't represented [in the U.S.] and we don't have the opportunity, but you still want to pursue the arts, what are you going to do? You're going to go where you are accepted." 
asian squats ™ 
Asian MOAs will kill European and American(-latin too) for let TXT lose on mubeat GO AND VOTE
[ @SJofficial Schedule] Saturday, 20200118 20.00 Local Time, Super Junior World Tour : SUPER SHOW 8 INFINITE TIME in MACAU, Macau East Asian Game Dome Arena 21.00 KST jtbc-TV, Knowing Brothers (MC HC & Special MC @ShinsFriends) #SUPERJUNIOR #슈퍼주니어 #SS8inMacau
This asshat has two daughters who are Asian that he adopted and rather than calling them his daughters, he calls them China dolls in his Twitter bio. Not surprising that he is so married to racist mascots. 
Call for papers for the 10th @IATISorg Regional Workshop: Reconceptualizing Translation in the Digital Age: Asian Perspectives in Kansai University, Osaka, Japan on September 3-4th 2020. Details at  …
Brilliant and cutting - India foreign secretary corrects Russia about Indo-Pacific. It is more a organically Asian concept then the colonial construct of the Asia-Pacific, he says  …
1. First of all both the "left" and "right" pics are Siyu (Jane), but not that it would matter to you all bunch of clowns. .. After all "every Asian looks the same" right? 2. Please refrain from bringing stuff out from your a**. No one said these were the next Jensoo smh  …
south america fans, asian fans and australian fans almost have nothing but 2 or 3 shows on tours and that in years. we deserve better.
Goodnight MOA it's midnight so european moas are sleeping while we sleep please american and asian moas vote on mubeat, we are loosing moa FIGHTING 
call me an Asian boy but shisha motives with lit friends acc bang idc
As if Asian kids didn’t feel enough pressure, this guy is a Navy SEAL, doctor, and now astronaut.  … What next, Secretary of Energy?
If Meghan Markle suffers online abuse, it holds the front page but if white girls suffer rape and death at the hands of Asian grooming gangs the silence is deafening. Absolutely deafening. Race obsession melts away when it’s white girls being raped.  …
It’s okay to be White. It’s okay to be Black. It’s okay to be Asian. It’s okay to be Female. It’s okay to be Male. It’s okay to be Weird It’s okay to be Straight. It’s okay to be You. But its NEVER OK to hate on our best defender this season 
help im in the white/asian wealthy part of oakland eating at a creperie and i want to tell these ppl i tried the hollandaise sauce & ion like it but i currently look like Eazy E rn & dont want the police called on me
Actual demographics of CA are 39% Latino, 38% White, 14% Asian, 6% Black Demographics of this poll are so far off, it's meaningless: 60% White, 26% Latino, 7% Asian, 4% Black 65% Moderate to Very Conservative 21% Did Not Vote 71% have a child over 18
so italy doesn't want to normalize asian music and still thinks kpop is weird, but then they go and try to copy their formats and also manage to do a pretty shitty job with it. the italian version of king of masked singer is the CRINGIEST thing i've ever seen on our television.
60% White, 26% Latino, 7% Asian, 4% Black* 65% Moderate - Very conservative 21% Did Not Vote 71% have a child over 18 *Demo of CA is 39% Latino, 38% White, 14% Asian, 6% Black. I'm gonna guess they're gonna miss with this one, a lot of latinos will be voting for Bernie in CA
Watch out, CRACKED  your way! 
This stood out in this poll: 60% White, 26% Latino, 7% Asian, 4% Black* 65% Moderate - Very conservative 21% Did Not Vote 71% have a child over 18 *Demo of CA is 39% Latino, 38% White, 14% Asian, 6% Black:   …
She just muted all of asian twitter  …
An idea: Apu now voiced by South Asian person, Homer notices, Apu shares that he spoke that way in an attempt to fit in & sound like what white people expect, isn't gonna pretend anymore. Homer is shocked that things he had done were unintentionally harmful but he gets over it.
2. asked, which is the BC casino that allegedly had an investor connected to Asian Organized Crime. Once we know that, we can look whether political donations have flowed from that casino to politicians, and then its fair to ask some further questions, in the public interest.
In 2012, Texas #HD28 was 47% white, 21% Hispanic, 15% Asian & 15% black In 2018, it was 42% white, 22% Hispanic, 20% Asian, and 14% black  …
Hollywood’s Go-To Asian Dad Tzi Ma Dishes on ‘Mulan’ and Oscar Snub for ‘The Farewell’ 
PLEASE SIGN AND SHARE home office: Full Public Enquiry into Asian Grooming Gangs in the United Kingdom. - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange
It’s okay to be White. It’s okay to be Black. It’s okay to be Asian. It’s okay to be Female. It’s okay to be Male. It’s okay to be Gay. It’s okay to be Straight. It’s okay to be You. But its NEVER okay to use clappers when your team scores.
also SHOUTOUT TO ALL THE ASIAN WOMEN WITH SHITTY SKIN!!! I SEE YOU AND I, TOO, DO NOT LIVE UP TO THEM PORCELAIN, GLOWY STEREOTYPES!!!  …
If it wasn’t for her, I would not have told my husband last night. So many of us keep silent especially Asian women. We rarely see Asian women speaking out. We need some who will and she did. I hope other AA women will now report instead of suffering alone. Have some empathy!
Dear Every Single Asian Parent,  up with a better excuse for all the piano and violin classes you subjected us to since age 3. Thanks, MC  …
I looked at the expanded list. There's one Asian man in it. Good to see that whole #Diversity drive is working.  …
kpop as a genre is already extremely looked down upon even though it’s not more or less fucked up than the western music industry. a lot of the prejudice goes  from stereotypes of asian people being submissive, robotic, all working with the same mind etc
Too often, stories of Asian American survivorship are erased due to stigma in  Evelyn Yang's bravery in sharing her story motivates me to work that much harder to strengthen protections on behalf of survivors, and to center survivor voices in our work together.  …
Aaaaaa! Great time with @APAPAHQ, talking about various Asian American Pacific Islander issues! Thank you @AndrewYang 
Looking for a South Asian writer to cover an Afghan diaspora art show this Sunday in BK. Comped ticket. For @KajalMag priority goes to Afghan writers.
I first saw Song Kang-Ho in 'A Taxi Driver' as a film juror for the 2017 Asian World Film Festival @asianworldff. We gave him Special Mention for his dynamic performance and awarded Best Picture to 'A Taxi Driver.' You can stream 'A Taxi Driver' on Hulu.  
Asian girls when they bring home a black guy and their dad says no:  …
There is a reason why I had never  involved in politics before @AndrewYang. He is the true role model for Asian-Americans everywhere who grew up with immigrant parents. He rejected Asian stereotypes, in order to pursue his passions and help the people who needed it most.
As someone who is Taiwanese-American, I truly do not understand why @AAPIVictoryFund has decided to endorse Biden, and not @AndrewYang. His story, campaign, and leadership  changed the game for Asian Americans. I had never felt seen before in politics before him.
Just got married to my asian wife. Please say nice things about her 
Bake Code fuses European and Asian baking techniques to make oozing pastries 
cole preston is asian you heard it here first 
#China is expanding its “smart cities” surveillance system & #Huwaei’s #5G network into #CentralAsia which poses a threat to not only #HumanRights in the region but also to the Central Asian governments operational security.  …
It starts as denying that there is any racism in the media’s sustained attack against the Duchess of Sussex, it  Fiona Bruce being “neutral” on the question of black people as more dangerous and Asian men as more predatory and that being legitimate “debate”
Asian girls. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I highly 
To repeat for billionth time, Left behind America, or Flyover America, or Rust Belt, or Back-row, or Forgotten America, is everywhere & diverse It is urban, rural, suburban. It is black, white, latino, asian. It is red state & blue state. It is straight, gay. It is everything 
Sarah G on MAMA 2020 please. Sarah G and her Tala must be seen by those talented Korean Artists like BTS, EXO, Twice, Black Pink, and many more. Knowing that she won Best Asian Artist Award at MAMA 2012 so she deserves to perform on that stage with holographics!
Asian Doll 100% copped a feel lmfao
Dude was happy to email 3 pages of an intro, w/ 10 attachments. Me: "We're full up for 2021, focusing on Black creators/artists in tabletop. 2022 is focusing on Asian creators/artists in tabletop" Him: "WOW! This discrimination at its best. I'm sorry, no longer interested." 
A  + Indian doctor walk into a bar... A unique take on the @womensmarch from the perspective of South Asian  & health. LOVE & GRATITUDE to @margaretcho &  My latest in @Forbes  @womensmarchgbal #WomensRights 
Asian child sex grooming gangs were given a free pass over fears of inciting racial tensions in Manchester: UK Detective 
Exclusive: Full specifications of the Samsung Galaxy S20 Series are here! Some interesting details: Exynos 990 for all three phones in European and Asian Markets. 40MP (?!) Front Camera for S20 Ultra! Checkout the image! LINK(Please add link in credits):  
Your level of support, whatever it was, is going to drop massively. This smells like selling out to me be better and have a backbone. Get with the new generation of Asian Americans.
okay but why is asian doll there sjdjdj
Clearly shows how careerist most of these Leftitst leaders were; many are lecturers in DU colleges, South Asian U, & JNU. Some left the Left to join Congress. Some were also expelled for "anti-party activities"!  …
Asian men are the devil
UK iTunes Top Songs: #1. BTS - Black Swan [NEW PEAK] "Black Swan" became BTS' first single to ever hit No.1 on iTunes UK; making them the first Asia group in history to do so. @BTS_twt joins PSY as the only Asian artists to archived.
Britain hit by another Asian grooming gang scandal as report exposes child sex abuse in Manchester | Fox News  
Police failed young girls groomed by Asian gangs over racism fears  via @MailOnline
“There's a lack of awareness of Asian talent in general, and a lack of opportunities for Asian actors to cross over, and...[therefore] there's a lack of interaction between Asian actors and Hollywood actors.” I speculate on why Academy actors are not nominating their Asian peers.
"Although Lum’s award is framed as a triumph for the Asian  she exploited Black culture to reach this milestone, indicating that her career is also in service to white hegemony."  …
Even when predominantly Asian movies earn Oscar nominations, the actors in them don't receive nods for their acting. 
If your mum don't force you to put oil in your hair then you ain't a real Asian
Asian Development Bank's Inflation and GDP Growth Rate Forecast 2020 for South Asian Countries. #ADB #Pakistan 
So I travelled 4 diff South East Asian countries and 1 South Asian country within the last 6 months who wants to pay me, a Black Muslim woman, to write about that experience? Also I was based in one of them (Malaysia)
Finally, I mention @DouglasKMurray. Murray's view is that "London has  a foreign country", because "white Britons" are a majority in "their own capital". Black and Asian Britons, even if born here, don't count, and it's not their capital.  …
I'm very bothered by this, @AAPIVictoryFund. An @AndrewYang Presidency would be the single largest catalyst towards battling the stereotypes used against Asian Americans in order to maintain the glass ceiling. Biden didn't  to your event in Sep, while Yang did...  …
It's only asian representstion when it's their faves but when as soon as other asian artists made it, they are not valid.
Currently imagining how white people would react if I started saying all that in English and expected them to be impressed. "Hi my name is Juni and I'm an Asian girl but I love to speak English. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10"
"On Berluti show, we met Sehun. His unassailable face had let us know what is truly perfect! Sehun is very polite. Even in the crowded show, he has always greeted the people around him and said thank you. He's indeed worthy of being an asian idol" #SehunAtBerlutiPFW 
Bloomington Demographics (home of IU): 83% White, 8% Asian, 5% black, $220k average home Ann Arbor (UM): 70% white, 14% Asian, 7% Black, 4% Hispanic. $392k average home South Bend: 60% White, 25% Black, 15% Latino, 1% Asian. $109k average home. Which one is unlike the other?
good morning i wrote about asian actors and the oscars  …
BTS is now the first Asian/Korean Group to have the "Most #1 on iTunes" with their single 'Black Swan' (90 #1 so far) surpassing Psy's Gangnam Style (86) Record holder got 102 #1 #BlackSwanOutNow #BlackSwan ( #BTSARMY #BestFanArmy #iHeartAwards  …
Pakistan became highest Inflationary-Nation among South Asian countries by PTI Govt. @BBhuttoZardari 
Exclusive : We are bringing to you National Chains Multiplex Data Across Nizam Region. We will be reporting the following Multiplex Chains Data : PVR Cinemas, Prasads Multiplex, Inox, Carnival, Cinepolis, AMB Cinemas, Asian Cinemas Total 37 Properties Data will be reported.
If Meghan Markle suffers online abuse that requires digital analysts at a university to actually go looking for, it’s hold the front page but if white girls suffer rape and death at the hands of Asian grooming gangs the silence is deafening.  …
5 y/o Catholic boy gets hit by a man with a curtain rod, several eye witnesses Trudeau: crickets 11 y/o girl wearing hijab says Asian man w scissors on rainy morning cut hijab 2 times on busy Scarborough street, no eye witnesses Trudeau: tweets, presser  …
Britain doesn’t have a south Asian men problem. It has a Pakistani men problem. From grooming gangs to jihadi terrorism , Pakistan tops the chart in UK.  …
President Trump: "Unemployment numbers are the best they've been in over 50 years -- African-American, Asian-American, Hispanic American -- unemployment, the best in the history of our country. And I've got to go through a hoax." 
Britain hit by another South Asian grooming gang scandal as report exposes child sex abuse in Manchester A detective described the case as men of “largely Pakistani heritage...abusing vulnerable white girls” 
Police failed girls groomed by Asian gangs over racism fears. Grooming gang scandal that saw 97 men left free to rape or abuse 57 young girls because officers feared arrests would 'stoke racial tensions'. Girls were given money along with vodka & cocaine. 
4. A well known fact that isn’t explored or discussed enough is anti- Blackness and racism towards Black people, which is rife in South  and yet the imitation of Black fashion, Black music and Black arts and culture is also rife. The hypocrisy is astounding.
3. It’s also ‘interesting’ because once again it illustrates how quick people of South Asian heritage are to distance themselves from structural and everyday racism Black people in particular face in society but are happy to flip the narrative when they can benefit from it.
With its broad skull and almond shaped eyes, this corsac fox looks remarkably different than most of the fox species we are used to seeing. Also known as the steppe fox, this is a species of Asian fox that appears in the fossil record as early as the mid-Pleistocene period. 
[FACTS] @BTS_twt ' #BlackSwan' is now the most #1 on iTunes single charts for korean/Asian act with 88 #1 surpassing Psy 'Gangnam Style' (86) 
#BlackSwan is now the Asian song with the most #1 in iTunes!! Keep the  up. Let's see how far up we will go up! #BlackSwanOutNow #BlackSwanArtFilm @BTS_twt
Asian fans deserve better.
Seeing BTS dominate the chart easily without even trying so hard with just good music under their belt.... Steve Aoki's "There hasn't been a more prolific phenomenon since The Beatles.... putting Asian faces once again in a powerful image." is perfect
White Privilege in The Industry is knowing you can spout any dickfuckery about any subject regardless of insight and experience in the knowledge it will not affect your career in any way while Black, Asian and Minority creatives fear never working again if they say a word.
Most #1 for a Korean/Asian song in iTunes is Gangnam Style with #1 in 86 countries. @BTS_twt
Jaefans~ Are you ready? After his last visit on 2012 Kim Jae Joong will be back again to Jakarta for his tour concert titled “2020 KIM JAE JOONG ASIAN TOUR CONCERT IN JAKARTA” on 7 March 2020 3PM at Istora Senayan Stay tune on our social media for more detail 
OP, why would you make up a tweet like this? Is this some lie someone told you? Is this you using a random video of Asian people and inserting it into a fanfic? What do you gain by lying about Japan? /end PS. This is tragically hilarious and hilariously tragic.
Everyone talks about the importance of subtitles in Parasite but little is known who was behind it. Prof. Darcy was our Prof. at Busan Asian Film School & he carefully translated subs from Korean to English, keeping in mind context & delivery so a global audience could enjoy it. 
Diane Abbott is a race baiter. I simply tweeted that we have no chance of stopping future sexual grooming gangs, if we cannot admit they were predominately Asian, due to fears of racism She immediately blocked me. Stating facts is not racist 
There were two people in front of him at Mile End. Me and an Asian guy yet he chose to hit me just as the doors were closing on the train. Why? I’m absolutely fuming.
Review: Awkwafina takes the Asian-American entertainment renaissance to new heights in "Nora From Queens" 
As a British Asian professional male in the entertainment industry this is what I've learnt. THEY DON'T WANT YOU NEAR THEIR TV SHOWS AT ALL. *Unless you're presenting the news or  if you're  you better ONLY be talking about being Asian & Male.
I wrote a character reference yesterday for the Summer Palace & gave it to Kim at K2 cafe, the more people who do this the better. The charm, staff, property, & professionalism of the Summer Palace is the benchmark that others in the Asian Cuisine market would love to reach.  …
first of all, the main dancer didn’t need costume or wings etc. to remind us he is the Black Swan (beautifully emotive)! secondly, the MUSIC itself is such a treat. i am blown. traditional asian-sound fused w contemporary. AND WOW I LOVE THE STRINGS! @BTS_twt #BLACKSWAN
‘we would love the opportunity to meet louis’ asif you haven’t met him the most out of everyone in this fandom. let asian fans have a chance to win something ffs stop trying to take away opportunities from fans who don’t get a lot in the first place. it’s disgusting. 
I’m happy for everyone who gets to meet Louis but when you already met him multiple times and will attend a lot of shows don’t take the chance from people who have only one opportunity and chance to meet him. That’s the first and only chance asian fans have. Don’t be selfish.
What I’ve been saying my whole life. It’s like every European, Australian and etc accent are considered “prestige” and “sexy” but once you hear an Asian or Mexican accents it’s a “turn off”
waiting for an asian ateez tour leg  …
asian louies blocking the airport when ***** arrived 
Sanghis and this White Hippie Trash have been trying to tarnish the image of Kerala since 2014. And yet Kochi was selected in the Top 10 cities in the World (2020 Lonely Planet list). Only Dubai and Kochi are the Asian cities  …
Does that include those girls targeted and abused by gangs of predominately asian men in west yorkshire because they were white?
: where u from? Me: the Pacific : I don’t get that. Asian or American? Me: lol. The Pacific is neither of those things So close to blocking this dude
asian fans barely get anything it’s pure selfishness trying to take something you already had multiple times and will have again away from them
Nobody's gonna think you're an Asian hun. You have Caucasians screaming every inch.  …
“asian women speak and have feelings and can have a full existence in life.” HAPPY BIRTHDAY KELLY 
honestly so many people that deserve to meet louis too. asian fans never get ANYTHING and she really had the audacity to take that opportunity too
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Nay Pyi Taw for a state visit to Myanmar. It is Xi's first overseas trip this year, and the first visit to the Asian neighbor by a Chinese president after an interval of 19 years 
Join us as we step up our game and create history! We are proud to announce that we will  for the first time. Watch us go all out on showcasing our skills beyond our capabilities at the Asian Hiphop Philippines that will be held at Tanghalang Pasigueño on January 18! 
They're just inspired by the Crazy Rich Asian wedding  …
What happened to Heeral is abhorrent. However, let’s remember that 53% of female victims in Canada were killed by their partner in 2018. It’s not exclusively a  Asian/arranged marriage issue, and as media we do a disservice by simplifying it as an “other” problem.
I’m eating good today ! My asian side came out with the rice. 
Happy to learn that the satellite would  services to Indian mainland and islands through Ku-band and wide coverage covering Gulf countries, large number of Asian countries and Australia through C-band. #ISRO #GSAT30
When you say Asian, I dont suppose you mean Japanese, Thai, Malay, Philippino, or any other particular nationality? You can only be referring to predominately Muslim people from those Islamic states that do not recognise our laws. Be honest, for a change.  …
this bitch think i’m asian... she heard that i’m Hung
The way this man said roti, I know he’s talking to a South Asian ting  …
I see  saying that BTS fans r annoying due to fancam spam, well, if u recognized BTS u will know that those fancams r NOT abt them, those fancams r abt other Asian artists. If u r curious abt us, BTS fans here u have one of the things we do 
A US based group with other South Asian diaspora groups, is holding a mobilization movement on Jan 19 in 8 US cities demanding that South Asian diaspora divest from Indian govt. They  a plethora of resources, incl a poster as shown here. @MEAIndia 
"lmao it's so weird when people depict siblings calling each other 'bro' and 'sis', you must be an only child" yeah or we're asian?
Yes there are many forms of privilege. But try this Oxford Uni study for starters: "black and Asian people have to send almost twice as many job applications as white British people before they get a response."  …
Louis posted a video on facebook promoting his only southeast asian show in Jakarta, Indonesia happening on April 20, 2020! @Louis_Tomlinson @LTHQOfficial @Vizionvibe @traveloka @SonyMusicID 
Why are kpop stans now crying for asian representation in the west & trynna do the "all kpop groups matter"?? Didn't yall tried to block & sabotage bts when they were starting to enter it?? mocked them & called tsa "paper award" only for it to end up as their stepping ground
And #India is unfairly portrayed as the rape capital of the world with even less than Poland, not even 2 per 100,000. It may be an agenda to blur the identity of "South Asian", telling the world after Rotherham: "see it's not only Pakistanis. Indians are as bad or even worse'..  …
i’m feeling so emotional y’all. i didn’t grow up seeing many who looked like me on TV, so even as i see myself on TV now... it looks foreign and i feel a bit like i don’t belong. not just cuz it’s my own face but cuz it’s an asian face.
“the only show in southeast asia” Me, a southeast asian LITERALLY 1,748km NORTH of indonesia: am i a joke to you??????? 
asian gold around my necc, yea dats what i like to see 
-Asian stocks -Treasuries dip on U.S. plans for new 20-year bond -Oil -Gold steady above $1,500 an ounce -Alphabet’s market valuation hit $1 trillion for first time  
This is the coco de mer plant as seen in the Royal Botanical Gardens in Kandy, Sri Lanka. The seed floats so well it was often found on South Asian beaches long before the discovery of the tree itself in Seychelles, inspiring many origin legends.  
SeulRene Subtle Asian Dating AU — Seeing how SAD can be successful with dating, Joy auctions off Seulgi after hearing one too  about not finding the love of her life. Wendy and Irene are avid post checkers. Then, they came across Seulgi’s very popular post. 
Asian Doll says she asked Gucci Mane to release her from his record label and she’s now an independent artist! “I feel like I owe my fans the truth.” 
Good! We want old Asian back!
Waiting for Asian/Austrailian dates coz we deserve it as much as everyone else  …
Cute asian girl with short hair,spectacles and oversized hoodes always bae OwO
If you're wondering what this means for fossil fuels, ask BC what happened when the CEO of Blackrock told asian investors to buy Vancouver real estate in 2015. It'll probably be like that, but the opposite. #cdnpoli  …
Today, I present to you the culinary future of Modern Australian/Asian fusion: the Snag Choy Bow. DM me for the recipe. 
Those ETFs are of the names of "international" and "Asian", but are mostly China stocks This is more like the trap set by financial workers 
VIDEO: A second person has died in China from a mystery virus that has stricken dozens and appeared in two other Asian countries 
Why buy a sexy nurse costume when all you need to turn a man on is an Asian cough mask  …
The WMAF acronym refers to white men as white men while asian women are referred to as females and that tells me all I need to know about ppl who use this term in earnest
Ante Covic, Asian Champions League 2014  …
Some indie books I've enjoyed recently: -NO GOOD VERY BAD ASIAN ( @crpress) by @lcheuk -WHISKEY, ETC ( @QFPress) by @SherrieFlick -HEZADA! I MISS YOU ( @AwstPress) by @WhatSheMight -HOLLOW ( @softskull) by @Owen_Egerton ...And excited for BESOTTED ( @713Books) by  …
Review: Awkwafina takes the Asian-American entertainment renaissance to new heights in "Nora From Queens" 
sapphics, butterfly soup; it has three lesbians (one is nonbinary!) and a bisexual, and they're all asian americans in highschool just being gay, playing baseball,  arson and finding out what sexuality is. play it. it's free AND gay, what more do you want?
asian dudes trying to win back their EX be like Chinese dudes Filipino dudes Viet dudes Japanese Dudes 
My high school French teacher constantly mixed up Asian students & once even gave us nicknames (Mimi, Momo, etc) when our names were straight-up Karen, Angela, Patty, etc. She also sometimes called me “Wendy,” a student she hadn’t had in like 4 years  …
#FIFAWWC AFC Women's Asian Cup #UWCL Reigning @theafcdotcom Women's Player of the Year Saki Kumagai boasts an impressive trophy case Now she's eyeing @Olympics gold at home this summer:  
Why do people refer to them as 'Asian Grooming Gangs' when they should be saying 'Pakistani Grooming Gangs'. I'm not aware of any 'Indian Grooming Gangs', are you?
My nephew said a Asian joke. Miss 12: alright that's it. We don't do racism in this house, it may be okay in your house but not while your here. Zero tolerance and I've already told you twice. Hand over my tablet. Now you can have it back to research 10 good things Asians have
Bringing this moment back when the boys were so happy to be awarded as Best New Asian Artist. Look at them. I hope from now on, you guys will have many more wins and many more trophies. Take Off and fly high to the moon! #1YearWithWayV  …
Because some ppl actually still wonder...and importantly, b/c “racial dynamics pitting Asian Americans against other racially marginalized people can stymie the development of political solidarity required in the cultivation of POC and WOC identities”  …
A dark skinned, tomboyish girl whose best friend is an energetic, mixed Asian girl and a slightly nerdy black boy whose best friend is a sweet boy with light colored hair 
Looks funny. I don’t think I’ve seen a movie staring an African American and South Asian lead since #mississippimasala.
Lawrence Fox didn't even get a clap when he brought up the very valid & vital point on Asian grooming gangs being left to abuse our young girls even after people in authority knew. Goes to show how affected we have  to be afraid to 'appear' racist! #bbcqt
an asian girl needs to enter the villa to save his ass cause i lowkey feel sorry for him, bachara  …
wow @chrissyteigen is here. finally,,, representation for ME an online asian lady who likes lots of her highlighter on her cheeks #oneteam
“Although I look Asian, I feel Mexican” We ask people who are mixed race what it’s like navigating the world - and the struggles  with it There are more stories out there - send us yours at noise@bbc.co.uk Watch episode:  
#Arianespace’s next mission from French Guiana – Flight #VA252 w/ #Ariane5 – is scheduled to lift off in February. It will orbit satellites at the service of two long-standing Asian customers: JCSAT-17 for @SKY Perfect JSAT and GEOKOMPSAT 2B for @kari2030.
So thankful Meris reached out to me to create a Magic Card celebrating Asian heritage. Thank you so much for including me.  …
Let's face it! The question of whether a woman or a Hispanic or an Asian can or will be President is so over! This isn't even an issue! It's just Pocahontas trying to again be a VICTIM!  …
friendly reminder!!!! you cannot appropriate natural hair. you cannot appropriate “sleek black asian hair” or “blonde wavy hair” because people are born with it on the other hand you can appropriate hairstyles that cultures have created and been opressed for wearing for decades
. @Oprah! #YangGang is such a huge fan of you and so is presidential candidate @AndrewYang! Even @Trevornoah called Andrew the “Asian Oprah”! Any chance you can meet up with Andrew to chat about how you two can help save America?  …
To my fellow Asian berners, some good advice as well to help convert your elders who are currently for Biden to Bernie voters. Also include  immigration plan. Big thing is he'll stop the backlog to speed up the immigration process:   …
Bhakts unfollowing Nikkei Asian Review because I write for it - They should unfollow Twitter because I also tweet on it!  …
After SCOTUS blocked census citizenship question Trump issued exec order that could let GOP states draw districts excluding 55% of Latinos, 45% of Asian Americans & 30% of African Americans from representation. This is racial gerrymandering on steroids 
Nas is such an L merchant. Fuck sake I’m cringing so bad for him. Why does he have to be Asian man
Pablo Torre look asian
Ended up at another hotel where all the Asian employees assumed I didn’t understand Urdu bc of my Glaswegian accent (idk) + it was only 6 months later when someone asked for the time and I casually replied did they realise but by that time I had dirt on everyone. That job was fun
We're white We're black We're asian We're mixed We're men We're women We're Christian We're Jewish We're Muslim We're none-of-the-above We're rich We're poor We're gay We're straight We're none-of-your-bloody-business We don't care about all that. We're British. Stop dividing us
Help us restore Kung fu cinema.... before it is gone! Get in on this campaign to participate and encourage the salvaging of 35mm classic asian martial arts films. Many are falling to the ravage of time and they are not getting released unless by us!  
Has Jamee*a Jami* seen a single movie or? Also the Asian man/white woman romance is actually well-trod cliche  …
Asian boys when they upload their trim videos on social media 
I think I’m the only Asian guy that don’t go sheesha or get a haircut once a week
We love a Nubian-Asian-Latina-Groot Queen
ACTION NEEDED! Five South Asian men have reached the 75th day of a hunger strike in the for-profit GEO Group-operated LaSalle Detention Facility in Jena, Louisiana. Demand their release. @MigrantFreedom  …
My sisters actually a fucking weirdo, how can I find her watching random Asian wedding videos and she’s crying with them at the bidai part
Even Asian Doll knew she went too far
He actively uses  to respect women of color, and often *especially* South Asian women and it's amazing  …
I dont know what (white) author needs to hear this, but if youre describing all your non-white characters based on race eg "hispanic" "asian" "african american" but your white characters are "a tall athletic woman with brown hair", you are implying that whiteness is the default.
Rais M'Bolhi (Ettifaq) had one of his best matches of the season against Al-Hilal in the Saudi King's Cup, making some big saves against the defending Asian Champions League winners ( via @mont2i) 
Played one of the past debates to my 8th grade students. We are focusing on leadership. After Andrew spoke, my students started cheering in excitement. Another even said she'd love to see an Asian president. @AndrewYang your message is spreading even to our youths. Keep it up!
Black British Group Pens Open Letter to Media. Enough is Enough! Say we & our: White Black & Asian supporters:  …… #HarryAndMeghan #RacismIsAMentalHealthIssue #Influenchers
WE'RE HIRING! We're looking for a creative enthusiastic individual to join our team, to manage our socials and help us engage + expand our audience. This is a voluntary role requiring 1-2 hours a week. Apps close 22nd Jan. Come join us to amplify South Asian female voices 
Continuing with the weird ways Irish culture has been tackled in Asian media, there’s a series of anime called Fate that feature a character based on Cú Chulainn himself, except now he looks like this... 
The reason why none of the actors for parasite have been nominated for their performances during this awards season is because american society is still somehow convinced that asian faces aren’t as expressive and emotional as white faces
Love love LOVE doubling with @DominaYuki. Book your Asian Invasion session now, sluts!  …
When Asian parents call their children 'kuttay da puttar'  …
BBC job application. Only black, Asian or non-white ethnic minority background can apply. Hows that for white privilege!  …
Please make time today to read @JustinCChang's important piece about #Parasite. While the film made history with its #Oscars noms, its snubs continue a dreadful track record of recognizing Asian actors & perpetuates a fallacy about Asian people in general  …
Half naked individuals snogging eachother in hopes to find love? On the living room TV? In an Asian household? I'm not tryna die  …
Warangal Today AVPL 33 Shows Extra Show added in Asian Sridevi  …
Find you a man who is Asian. That's it. That's the tweet  …
I just did an Asian good deed in the grocery store and helped a confused person choose the right fish sauce. You’re all 
Indivisible National endorses @Arati4Congress in NJ's 5th Congressional District Thank you @IndivisibleTeam! From reading Indivisible Guide 1.0 in Dec. 2016 to NJ grassroots organizer to 1st South Asian councilmember ... and soon ... 1st neuroscientist in Congress! 1/3  …
The Academy has a dreadful track record of recognizing Asian actors to begin with. And an argument that the coherence of #Parasite's ensemble may have kept a single actor from standing  close to perpetuating a fallacy about Asian people in general  
Labour sacrifices white working class girls to Asian gangs in the interests of cultural diversity. Then are astonished when the working class votes Tory.
I like it for the Asian helpers o darkie bebazom’loya 
Caucasians when their ancestry  back as 0.012% South Asian 
I spoke with @asiaarttours about Fil-Am identity & the legacy of colonization, dealing with abuse from my brother/ex-business partner Jonathan, the Model Minority Myth, institutional pushback from  book spaces & prominent Asian figures, and more.  …
The answer your looking for is " yes Mistress" #QKR @tonybobo3 @rt_feet @rtfindom @DirkHooper @DommeDaily @dickievirgin @FemdomDaily @Femdom__World @FemDomFanatic @Oostwalum @DommesNation @Slave_for_asian 
AUGH MY ASIAN CHILDHOOD  …
the only reason people  Alyssa with Penelope instead of Lizzie even though she’s more like her is because they’re both asian y’all really just-
First illustration of 2020 finally got around to finishing up our goth asian sorceress Nico from @marvelsrunaways ! Learned tons with this piece and got to apply lots of new techniques I picked up over the last few months :) #marvel #Runaways 
Sawasdee ka Bangkok! We are so happy to be back in Thailand... might announce our Asian tour dates soon also I dyed my hair pink to match your tuk tuks and taxis 
Review: Awkwafina takes the Asian-American entertainment renaissance to new heights in "Nora From Queens" 
List of Asian actors who have received Academy Awards: - Miyoshi Umeki, 1954, Sayonara, supporting - Haing S. Ngor, 1984, The Killing Fields, supporting * Jackie Chan, 2016, honorary 9 noms total in 92 ceremonies #Oscars Read also: @JustinCChang  …
We're thrilled to announce our arrival on the Public Administration scene. We are @ASPANational's newest section : South Asian Section on Public Administration. Follow us here to be part of our story as we prepare to launch at #ASPA2020 in Anaheim, CA.
European Parliament reiterated support for Taiwan’s meaningful participation in int. organisations, mechanisms & activities; EP concerned that foreign interference from autocratic regimes through disinformation and cyber attacks threatens Asian democracies & regional stability.
Had to quote @e_alexjung, who nailed that lousy track record w/r/t PARASITE and CROUCHING TIGER: "There’s an old prejudice at work here that sees Asian people as technical workers — hence the praise for Bong Joon Ho — and refuses to see us as fully human."  …
A Black woman and an Asian man in a romantic murder mystery. This is the 2020 I signed up for  …
I wrote about the brilliance of the actors in PARASITE, individually and as an ensemble, and the Academy’s lousy track record when  to seeing, let alone recognizing, Asian actors.  …
Asia Cup 2020 likely to happen in Australia, would be a great opportunity for the Asian teams to get prepared to the conditions before the T20 World Cup.
I don't get the Asian on Asian hate. Can someone explain it to me? Why are so many smear pieces on Yang done by Asians? Is this just the network assigning them to seem fair and not racist?
Now we wanna do it up! Watch and Support us as  in Asian Hiphop Philippines this Saturday, January 18 2020, 5pm at Tanghalang Pasigueño. See you mga daksu 
the four asian girl names are wendy, linda, jenny and tiffany
Asian men with white women is literally a trope at this point what is she talking about sksjdrrcqfq
I'm pretty sure this is the first time I'm seeing the racial makeup of my parents (black woman and South Asian man - my dad is Indian and @kumailn is Pakistani) reflected in a major film. I could be wrong. Still this is super cool. Can't wait to see it! cc  …
Shall we talk about the swastika? A little history 101 (seriously, I go over this in my intro to South Asian history classes): The swastika has two distinct meanings today, owing to history; usually, although not always, the forms are slightly different also.
wait some of y’all couldn’t tell that jaeden is asian? weeeee 
Omg I can’t stop laughing also ASIAN AND BLACK LEADS????? AND THEYRE DATING?? INJECT IT  …
I never realized how much Asian Americans are overlooked in our society till I started supporting Andrew Yang. It really is a travesty. I hope people will start paying attention to him and listening to his message. We are ALL AMERICANS. We all deserve a positive place in society.
Could U get a university analyst to look at why white working-class girls were targeted by potentially a network of nearly 100 Asian men in Rusholme Manchester. Does being raped count as a ‘cesspit of racism, sexism + that nasty intersection, misogynoir?'  …
Cover-up of mass sexual abuse of young white girls by 'Asian' grooming gangs, during Gordon Brown's government, has emerged.... UK msm.. 
Adidas hired an Asian expert in Graphic design to make edits for #Messi PR. Messi called nd told him "I know you're good but relax, I like my football do the talking". The guy resigned after 6yrs of somewhat doing nothing! But here's UEFA, Juve babysitting Aqua Man Ronaldo  
Trump has a new stealth plan to preserve white electoral power that could exclude up to 55% of Latinos, 45% of Asian Americans, and 30% of African Americans from being counted as constituents. @AriBerman on this next front in the GOP war on voting rights:  
[Starmometer | 100 Asian Hearthrobs 2020] Wildcard Round Ken, Sejun, Stell leads the Wildcard Round.Let's vote them to secure their spots. 1 . Ken Suson - 17.21% 2. Sejun - 16.83% 3. Stell. - 16.72 Vote  … 
For anyone saying “Bali isn’t in Thailand” I know ! The wording is probs bad but it was in reference to the thing posh white boys do when they go around diff SE Asian countries and write shit like that. BUT I AM AWARE BALI IS NOT IN THAILAND THANKS
Trump's move could lead to new districts that would exclude up to 55% of Latinos, 45% of Asian Americans, and 30% of African Americans from being counted as constituents. "If they were able to do this, they would take the country back in time.”  
Find an angry blonde Asian woman at #SI2020 and whisper Hail Hydra in her ear. I have 
Muslim Asian weddings always put culture before religion. You see women with red dots on their foreheads and their stomachs showing in front of dozens of men.  …
I hope this changes. Korea has some of the best Asian players. Not to see any representation at #AO2020 would be sad  …
Because ULAN is part of COPENHAGEN ASIAN FILM FESTIVAL 2020, I will watch its beauty again tonight! Congratulations, Team ULAN! #ULANatCAFF2020  …
What's on your #GAMEDAY Menu? When it's time for a game day treat or just to enjoy a weekend with friends, my Blackened Salmon Sliders with an Asian Slaw is delicious and easy to prepare snack! Click this link for a printable recipe->  #foodie 
Another blessing for Team Ulan! The film is included in the 1st edition of Copenhagen Asian Film Festival 2020. Congratulations to Nadine, direk Ayrin and to the whole ULAN Team! More blessings  
"People from Asian and other minority ethnic groups are 1.5 times more likely to go to prison for drugs offences than white people". Terrible. Unacceptable  …
MORE than 42,000 people have called on a prominent Labour MP to resign after she called on victims of Asian sex abuse gangs to keep quiet “for diversity”.  …
Asian ds accounts following me yesss thanks guys for the new bookmark material 
I may get suspended but here goes... The sex slavery and abuse of young White British girls by gangs of Pakistani men is widespread in Britain It's called 'grooming' by 'Asian' men by MSM, UK establishment and the Woke... for God's sake We must push back on this Please RT
Rates of breast, endometrial and ovarian cancers are low in Asian cultures, where the diet is rich in soy isoflavones. #Health #nutrition #Vegan #food #protein  
New Zealand. Castle in the sky. Great scenery. Asian Harry Potter I like more. 
After premiering at the San Diego Asian Film Festival and bagging nominations at the Asia Academy Creative Awards, Ulan has proven once again that it is indeed a masterpiece. Praying for more recognitions this 2020! 
Recently, Shawols from Southeast Asian have beening asked me for a link to buy SHINee color's binoculars SV525 at lazada. Freedom to choose if needed. Indonesia:  …  …?  … #SHINee 
WHATSAPPING WITH | @ukyo_sasahara! 2019 proved to be the most successful year to date for the Japanese driver. He won the F3 Asian Championship with @HitechGP and the GT Cup at the @fiamgames. We had a chat with him (and yes, he send us a  …
Another blessing for Team Ulan! The film is included in the 1st edition of Copenhagen Asian Film Festival 2020. Congratulations, Nadine, direk Ayrin and to the whole Team Ulan! 
Ulan International • Various nominations at the Asian Academy Creative Awards • Won Best Sound in Asian Academy Creative Awards • Included in two film festivals (San Diego and Copenhagen) IT IS JUST JANUARY 2020 BUT ULAN IS GAINING ATTENTION INTERNATIONALLY!!! 
Irene Villamor's #Ulan starring Nadine Lustre is one of the 28 Asian films featured in the first Copenhagen Asian Film Festival. Film screening is on Feb 15, 2020. (Video created by Michael Panduro) Copenhagen Asian Film Festival/ 
Yes. All Asian people are Torys. That whole business of a bunch of guerilla wars fought in the name of socialism there? Fake news. Fun fact: We also hoard gold ingots which we protect with Fengshui spells and dragon warriors.  …
Congratulations Team Ulan!!! Ulan is one of the films featured at Copenhagen Asian Film Festival.. #Ulan #UlanMovie Copenhagen Asian Film Festival 
Hello Twitter friends, a lovely Asian Squirrel poses nicely in Thailand. Happy day all. 
Love the asian beauty of Lou Follow us for more celebrities updates! #LouYanong #AndreBrouillette #LouDre Photo/video credits to the 
Don’t diss anchovies while you lot eat cold jellied eels, but yeah the dish looks sad. Kinda expected from a British airline on traditional Asian cuisine.  …
Try asking your ancestors, they colonized asian countries and exploited the spice trade only to be using salt and pepper in yall cuisines??
In airline, you could choose your meal from western to asian. If you wanted to try Asian's, make researches first. Dont mock other people's cuisines. This is Nasi Lemak and  to serve it with sambal/curry and boiled eggs and fried anchovies and slices of cucumber  …
Hold my kedgeree. It's not about how it looks it's about how it tastes. Nasi lemak is delicious when done right - I would hold the anchovies as I don't like ikan asin - but you have such a world of possibilities with SE Asian food
For those of you in a Central Asian timezone, my latest ramblings and photographs from Tajikistan's less-explored provinces...  …
As an Asian, and a Filipino at that: Recipe: half an onion. 2 cloves of garlic. Me: Got it. *Gets ingredients* 1 whole onion... 5 cloves of garlic...
Every Lunar New Year people  about the Overwatch skins saying they look ugly. They are supposed to represent Asian cultures because it is literally Lunar New Year in these countries. They're not meant to be a westernised standard of beauty.
We see white men and women enough. We don’t want Asian men with white women, we want Asian men with other WOC. I promise, we CAN have POC representation without a poc + white person romance.  …
Had a fruitful meeting with representatives of Asian Development Bank on development of Imphal Ring Road to give easy access of heavy vehicles through this Ring Road and ease the congestion of motor traffic in Imphal city. 
I am very very sorry hear of the death of Prof. Premen Addy, the great Oxford scholar of Modern Asian History. This is a great loss. As someone in the email trail lamenting his death  he was one of those greats, who did not believe in god but was deeply religious.
The rise in sea level due to #GlobalWarming will impact more people in Asian countries than any other region, Moody’s said in a report on the consequences of this inevitability and credit risk to such sovereign nations. 
#SarileruNeekevvaru Day6@Nizamabad -Ashok Talkies Morning show sold out Noon show advance full -Lalitha mahal Morning show sold out Other shows fast filling - Asian usha all shows fast filling #SuperStar @urstrulyMahesh @AnilRavipudi #BlockBusterKaBAAP #MASSMB
asian stops can’t relate  …
The Church is NAILING it with the designs of these recent Asian temples Behold, the Bengaluru India Temple! 
#SarileruNeekevvaru Kama reddy Day 6 status Sangam deluxe morning show sold out ,noon show advance full Asian priya morning show sold out Other shows fast filling Nizam gadda SSMB adda 
You know what K-EXOLs here reminded me of? Abusive Asian parents. They boast and tout your achievements so they can gain pride and prestige with their peers, but once you decide something even slightly against their will, they quickly disown you so the family won't be shamed. 
Gareth Bayley, UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office Director for South Asia: It is absolutely clear that terrorist groups are operating from within Pakistan. They pose a serious challenge to the govt of Pakistan and the South Asian region as well. 
Applications are now open for the 2020 Gerald Segal Research Internship in our Singapore office:  …. I particularly hope Southeast Asian graduate students will apply to work on issues relevant to the politics and international relations of the region.
me: baby don’t leave. is it because i’m asian? her: [packing] NO it’s all the terrible puns me: [under breath] well that’s disorienting
EXCLUSIVE: STAE's brand new video now showing of the devastating impact on Asian elephants & tourists alike when eles, tortured beyond their endurance, finally snap:  Full length version here:  @PeterEgan6 @marcthevet @rickygervais
If you read books from the S. Asian (desi) diaspora, please share your last favorite read? You don't have to be a desi reader/writer yourself, of course. S. Asia diaspora -> people of or w/ origins in Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Maldives, Nepal, India, Pakistan, & Sri Lanka
are these skins really "ugly" or are most people just not exposed to east asian cultural costumes that these look weird for them  …
Imagine speaking with this much confidence and authority about what SE Asian “curry” is supposed to look like  …
Tech Stocks vs Entire Southeast Asian Country Exchanges (Market Cap, USD) Apple 1400B Microsoft 1240B Alphabet 987B Amazon 926B Facebook 625B Indonesia 530B Thailand 530B Singapore 500B Malaysia 400B Philippines 260B
As lawyers of South Asian descent, we express our solidarity with the people of India & #Kashmir who are engaging in peaceful dissent and facing arbitrary arrest and violence. Read our solidarity statement here:  … @thewire_in
Whenever white persons diss Asian food, the butthurtery of Asians is even funnier.
Yang has the most diverse camp with every type of religious background like Jewish, Asian, Muslim, to a political background of Beirne, Obama, Trump, Hillary supporters. I was a trump supporter & I'm Jewish. Let's show the world our diversity. What's yours!?
If @SpeakerPelosi is “prayerful” then I’m an Asian trans man.
May I interrupt your obsession w/ trade-war/markets/Fed/royals to talk about something key to Asian development? LOW SNOW IN NAGANO! Ave snowfall epic low & for the sake of the apres ski industry in Nozawa that it picks up soon! One can only spend so long in a hot onsen! 
ah yes acting emotions on Asian face nothing but Asian technicians making good movie widgets. this fact is WILD  …
We will not be silent as India pursues policies of marginalization, exclusion, violence. We express #solidarity with people of India & #Kashmir engaging in peaceful dissent. Read solidarity statement from South Asian American lawyers:  … @thewire_in
asian women 2020
ATTENTION: @TeamWarren is hosting a South Asians with @ewarren call on Monday, January 20 at 8pm EST! All volunteers & supporters who identify as South Asian are encouraged to join. RSVP at the link below! #WinWithWarren 
I am, in Asian terms, successful enough to be introduced to my parents' friends, but not enough for an arranged marriage.
In a new @ISEAS "survey, the proportion [of SE Asian respondents] distrusting China rose to over 60% from below 52% in 2019. Nearly 40% said they thought China was “a revisionist power and intends to turn Southeast Asia into its sphere of influence”." 
Asian horror movies are a different level lol
My Asian Story: Why I Spoke Up about Lunar New Year  
"I think I'll go play Florida Elite event, mid Jan shouldn't be that good of field" -a player (prob) in Dec when signing up 3 PGA Wins 5 Euro Wins 9 Asian Wins 4 KFT Wins 2 Challenge Tour Wins 877 PGA Starts 26.4 Million in PGA $0 Finished 2nd, T3, T3 at a Dev Tour in FL yest 
"The first act", "the first asian act", "the first act in history", "the first group", "the first artist", "history", "first", and now "one of the best selling albums of the Century". Spell Legends and you will have B T S. @BTS_twt
So I’m told tonight I was the second ever British Asian director at Royal Festival Hall (having also been the first). Seemed to go alright. Dad, that one was for you. 
Y’all love to preach about asian rep when  to Olivia but what about Sofia she’s legit asian too but for some reason y’all want to disregard that
In a 1000 years (perhaps much sooner), there will be no such thing as a black, asian or white person. Humans are travelling and mixing in ever greater numbers. And then getting down with it. It's only a matter of time before we are all an obvious mix of races. A good thing to!
I appreciate other Asians holding awkwafina accountable but there’s such a specific performative “teacher’s pet Asian” cop energy in all the takes I’ve read
Can anyone read?? Olivia is literally HALF, not 1/4. And even if she was you can't just say "she's white" or "her asian is easy to overlook" 
We are spending more on the war memorial while the budget-starved NLA is putting its Asian collection under threat. Is this right?  …
“The language the editors had used in their prefatory remarks had been intentionally polemical and inflammatory. These were agents provocateurs seeking to get people riled up—and talking about—Asian American literature in a style much in vogue in 1974.”  …
there's so much news, so many stories to cover in asian america this year already and i am SO STOKED AND AM APPROACHING IT ALL WITH THE INTENSITY ASIAN MOMS HAVE WHEN THEY'RE THROWING FLIP FLOPS AT US WHEN THEY'VE FOUND OUT ABOUT THAT NEW PIERCING WE GOT BUT TRIED TO HIDE.
#RWBY I might be wrong, but I am thinking Monty wanted Ozma's appearances to look very similar to his own (similar hairstyles and Asian influences). I do remember hearing during an interview that Monty initially wanted to voice Ozpin instead of Ren. I miss him. 
while you’re all here on this lovely evening would you mind promoing me. water is wet fenris is trans and asian no matter what dave gatorade says 
even Chunkz knows classic bollywood bangers yet there’s more bounties in the  
My illustration teacher refusing to accept my or my friends’ work unless we could prove our styles weren’t influenced by Asian artists. We had more pressure to draw realism. We were all Asian Americans but I was the only one who was Japanese so make of that what you will.  …
And THIS -- not Confucianism or Asian culture -- explains why the children of Chinese immigrants evince strong educational   …
As an Asian but not Viet person I found this informative, via  …
Nas is the epitome of an asian boy  …
Asian twitter wouldn’t know how to act 
Check out @CruzKayne’s hilarious stand-up set on growing up Asian and Jewish, raising his two kids and more. 
I swear later in the series we’re gonna see Siannise in a couple with someone not so short and not so Asian as Nas and they’re gonna call her shanice and she’s just gonna giggle lmaooo
Are Asian Americans White? Or People of Color  … I loved working with @NaseebBhangal on this, and seeing how much she's grown since being a M.Ed. student in my classes. Thx @ZenJWar for this opportunity to write for @YesMagazine!
As it turns out he noted the cars registration. It’s my car. I’m apparently the 30 year old Asian male and Beth (22) is the 14 year old girl 
It's #PortfolioDay Hi, I'm Phobs, I'm  artist, I love history, asian cultures, people on horses & my projects 8) _____    
So an asian person is being accused of exploiting black culture to deal with her “lack of assimilation into whiteness?” Or something like that...  
A man walking his dog reported that a young girl, aged 14 got into a car with a 30 year old Asian male. As he walked past their behaviour concerned him, prompting him to report it to the police (understandable given Rotherham’s reputation)
Did you know? The Republican Party was founded as the anti-slavery party. The first black senator and black congressman were Republicans. So was every black lawmaker in the House until 1935. The first congresswoman, Hispanic senator, and Asian senator were also Republicans.
sweet asian chickkk 
THREAD: 5 South Asian nationals at the LaSalle Detention Facility in Louisiana are quickly approaching their 75th day on a hunger strike for freedom. According to medical professionals, day 75 is when vital organs begin to fail. These men deserve freedom.  …
 on the book but the bit about Modi concluding he can't count on Trump because Trump doesn't know South Asian geography is a non-story. It's what a former staffer *thought* Modi was *probably* thinking. It didn't actually happen. But it's good fodder for the media!  …
Are you even Asian if you don't have another heater in your room?
How to tell if someone is Korean Step 1: Find a group of Asian men Step 2: Announce that you're only in HS (even if ur not) Step 3: Scream "you're cute" in Korean informally Step 4: If the guy turns around and scolds you for using informal phrase when you're in HS, it's Taehyung 
When your white friends are talking about what they’re gonna eat for dinner and all you can think is THANK GOD IM ASIAN
Dear British Media, you could not have done a shoddier job, by ignoring these rapist Pakistani Muslim gangs, and now, ffs stop calling them ASIAN MEN. Call them, what they are - Pakistani Muslims...  …
the tatbilb fandom has always been very vocal about how wrong it was to cast lana as lj since it perpetuates the idea that asians are interchangeable but y’all only want to bring this up when we touch your 25% asian lead like this is some sort of contest 
I am a second generation Korean-American woman/mom/ educator/activist who only supports @BernieSanders. Our Asian  needs #Medicare4All, free college and a better world. Please fill out this form to help organize   …
Asian men - none of them following your peaceful religion by any chance Yasmin?  …
are YOU asian ms.parkyoongieahh?  …
Another smooth Asian FF bottom getting punched. @JiosseJ #GayFisting #FistChina 
Jeff Yangworthy: If people notice it more when you are NOT there than when you are ... you might be Asian. Congrats to @AndrewYang for getting a ton of media attention while getting less speaking time in #DemDebate7 than he got in #DemDebate1. #YangGang #Election2020
. @pepsi This looks familiar Didn’t think an Asian fit the role ?  …
I have been getting flack for describing Priti Patel as black. I accept I was wrong and she is of Asian heritage but could still be the first ethnic minority female Prime Minister. Ethnicity or sex shouldn’t matter of course my tweet was aimed at Labour. All clear?
So I showed up to class 15 minutes late in my "FIRST" sweatshirt. My teacher says "oh you're first" I'm like "yeah" (smiling and all) He said "well why  last?" (He's Asian) Me: #J15 #AKA 
The forest was shrinking, but the trees kept voting for the axe. For the axe was clever and convinced the trees that his handle was wood and he was one of them. West Asian Fable
Britain hit by another Asian grooming gang scandal as report exposes child sex abuse in Manchester...  …
When you say Asian. Are we talking Pakistani Muslim?  …
‘I’m Coming To Rape And Kill You’, Asian Neo-Nazi Pleads Guilty To Threatening To Kill All Miami Hispanics  … via @breaking911
you want to watch something you see yourself in? Im a straight asian male. I gotta go to the 57th page of interracial
On the latest Asian America podcast episode, I talk with @KenUyedaFong about #DragonHoops and @DCSuperman Smashes the Klan!  … @01FirstSecond 
UK: Police Told to Look for ‘Other Ethnicities’ as ‘Asian’ Grooming Gang Preyed on Girls  …
Texas is home to the 2nd largest population of Southeast Asian Americans in the US. The state's  has profoundly shaped the Texas that stands today. @GovAbbot  …
Asian men with white women That's liberation!  …
#TheThingAboutWomenIs we contain multitudes. We are tall, small, Asian, Hispanic, Black, White, trans, cis, nonbinary, gay, straight, athletes, lawyers, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs. Some are works in progress. We are all women. No one should control our bodies except us.
Asian men with white women? Are you okay love  …
Totally agree! The only reason to tell someone you're trans is because you want to. Surely it would only be a sexual disclosure item if you're worried your partner's a bigot, but I don't disclose my Asian heritage in case I'm about to bang a racist.
New: CA Assemblyman @Evan_Low, who represents Silicon Valley, endorses @AndrewYang. As a kid, "I didn't really have any Asian American role models," Low tells me. "Seeing Andrew on the national stage gives me a great sense of deep pride." Also cites his future of work proposals
You know it’s working @AndrewYang, when it goes from why is the Asian man on the stage to where is the Asian man and why isn’t he on the stage?
Good morning to Asian women ONLY
Out today; another record high for UK tech investment - £10.1Bn. To note is that 45% of it came from via US and Asian investors, double the previous year, encouraging  to be even more global in mindset & execution  …
We've run out of fresh garlic and garlic paste. This is no way to run an Asian household.
Manchester Cops sacrificed young Girls on Altar of PC. The cover up of the Asian rape gang in Manchester for PC reasons is a disgrace. Top Cops and Councillors should now face trial for allowing these monsters to continue abusing kids. Do you agree?  …
Where would the United States be without slavery? Where would Nike be without Chinese sweatshops? Where would we be without flintknapping? Where would railroads be without all those dead Asian workers?  …
how hard would it be to just add "Middle Eastern" and "South Asian" 
asian armys: *peacefully sleeping* taehyung on weverse: 
"rt if you'll never call the boys oppa" y'all do understand it's usually korean armys who call the boys that and it's a perfectly socially acceptable honorific and yall are in no place to shame asian customs right .....
Priyanka Chopra is out there representing South Asian women & putting India on the global map by working with some of the biggest Hollywood directors & actors.Instead of trolling her for silly things,everyone should be proud of what she has achieved coz it's no mean feat.
no offense but making white[washed] canary (she is asian  a founding member of justice league and not dinah drake & dinah laurel lance is the greatest disrespect to black canary and  
In an asian studies class i took we learned abt "yellow peril" - resenting asians (outsiders) 4 taking over ur space. ive  where ppl insinuate i deliberately came on here to be a big booktuber, try to go viral w/ tweets, etc. Felt weird 2 be described like an invader  …
This was sent to me by a friend who works at a local council. Every council worker in the UK has to take this test, one question being "CSE Gangs are made up of predominantly Pakistani/Asian men", which it claims is FALSE due to media bias. A window into the deceit of this all. 
omfg this boy at my gym is absolutely gorgeous we would make the cutest little asian-italian babies wish me luck i’m going motherhood
“Within the field of Asian American literary studies, ‘Aiiieeeee!’ makes a valuable contribution in its emphatic refusal to accept diminishing, derogative claims about the perceived inferior quality of much minority literature.”  …
LRT difference of kakao & steam kakao - since u can play for free in a pc cafe in korea, if u want a game with koreans, kakao's for u steam - asian server & kr/jp server, europe server etc if u want to play tgt wt users all around the world, it's steam! not for mobile~
It’s ironic that Lum recognizes violence of Asian stereotypes but has not detected the ways Awkwafina shields her at the expense of Black people, making a caricature out of another marginalized racial group...  …
I can’t wait to be in my best Asian drip and make a video with that Tokyo drift song. From my mouth to Gods ears  …
It’s definitely an Asian female driving that car. 
I would love to be on @TheView -- @WhoopiGoldberg and @MeghanMcCain are but either way, they should get an Asian American on there!!  …
Omg @AarikaSamone I do think they could use an Asian American voice. Whether it's mine, idk.
. @Sachin_Chat: Connecting the Northeast India with our Southeast Asian neighbours like Myanmar, Thailand has  an important pillar of India’s Act East policy. Inland waterways, air & road connectivity, ports, Sagarmala, have all  important initiatives 
Meghan Markle is every Asian girl who decided to move out of the in-laws' home and gets blamed for breaking up the family.
"The Asian Mafia now openly rules Oldham. Oldham Council is no longer in the control of law abiding officials. It has been infiltrated by the criminal Cartels." - Raja Miah MBE Don't miss tonight's show. 5PM on the usual channels. 
Since @HuntsmanAbby is leaving @TheView to help her dad...I’m kinda hoping they will consider @PagetKagy to fill her chair. She is smart, an Asian American, and would add so much value to the conversation. What do you think @TheView can she get an interview?
7. @CullenInquiryBC which bank, which employee? 'In one case, in just one year a Vancouver bank employee bought chips with cash at four Metro Vancouver casinos, for a total of $4.9 million.' Which casino connected to Asian Org Crime? Who is the retired gov't employee?
Have you played #MilesAndKilo yet? Our digital release is available for #PS4 and #PSVita from the Japanese/Asian PlayStation Store! • Fast-paced platforming • 36 levels w/ 5 boss fights • Light-hearted story • Chiptune soundtrack • 60fps retro graphics 
Calling it now, Sonny (as he is happy to be called) may be my favourite ‘Inside the Mind’ so far... Brilliant on breaking down his Burnley wonder goal. Delightfully honest on his nerves before the Asian Games final, which meant so much to his future. Coming soon... #COYS 
*t/n: doljabi is the asian ritual held during a child's 1st birthday party where parents put objects that symbolize career choices and they let their child pick on their own
we love to see an asian studies department where most of the faculty is actually asian
Yeah anti-MSG hysteria is rooted in racist anti-Asian (especially Chinese and Japanese) and anti-immigration ideology from a century ago  …
Alibhai-Brown was born in 1949 into the Ugandan  in Kampala. Yes she will not celebrate something that will give other non EU migrants the same opportunity she got in 1972. Ignorance is a bliss.  
In December 2017, Quilliam reported that 84% of grooming gang members were South Asian and that "almost all of the men convicted for this type of sexual abuse are of Pakistani origin". We need to be able to sensibly  denominators. 
UCLA graduate student @angel_trazo's first children’s book is entitled “We Are Inspiring: The Stories of 32 Inspirational Asian American Women.” The book features illustrations alongside brief biographies of the women. via @dailybruin  …
Whistleblowing detective says police chiefs should face charges over Asian grooming gang scandal that saw 97 men left free to rape or abuse 57 young girls because officers feared arrests would 'stoke racial tensions'  
Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, help make Kulfi milkshakes at MyLahore in Bradford. MyLahore is a British Asian restaurant chain which has taken inspiration from Lahore, the Food Capital of Pakistan. @GettyImages / Chris Jackson 
EXCLUSIVE: B.C. government disbanded RCMP unit after report warned figure connected to Asian organized crime bought stake in casino, and regulator allowed it |   … #bcpoli #cndpoli
Did you get no choices? Usually on a 13-hour flight you get to choose a Western or an Asian breakfast. And usually there’s a description of the meal in the menu. So clearly this meal wasn’t going to be a surprise...
We are seeking a highly motivated and ambitious Postdoctoral Researcher to identify novel resistance genes effective against Asian soybean rust, a key challenge for growers in Brazil  
"Awkwafina is not an isolated case, but part of a larger troubling trend of anti-Blackness perpetuated by creatives of Asian descent entering Hollywood, including YouTuber turned late-night talk show host Lilly Singh and Fresh Off the Boat creator Eddie Huang."  …
Dara just set the bar so high. Making history again. A legendary Queen. Have her own twitter logo/ hashflag Most influential celebrity at PFW2019 Most influential Asian celebrity at PFW19 Most influential female at PFW19 1st KR invited in 7 fashion brands 
Quite often we’re the only black/Asian person in the room, we sometimes have to shield ourself from stares. And over time we learn to differentiate between sincerity, genuine curiosity, irritation of our presence and outright hostility.
So, when a black or Asian person claims that something is racist, they don’t necessarily mean, a bad word has been uttered. But the claim  from a place of experience, moving through society and butting heads against invisible barriers.  but real.
Star Wars has countless crazy alien races but the moment a black dude or an Asian woman enters the scene the entire fan base loses their minds  …
but the black child’s hair is the only one that has to adhere to the “length rules”. If hair should not go beyond mid back , then all of our hair (white, Indian, Asian people, etc) should not not have hair going beyond it.
How can anyone say they this is reasonable? Imagine if this was any African or Asian country and out of 20 new homes the Irish were getting 16 of the homes leaving 4 for the natives in the midst of a housing crisis? Can you imagine the outrage? Why is this acceptable here?  …
If you are unfortunate enough to be a young working-class, white girl in a care home, or indeed in one of many towns and cities, and are being raped and abused by groups of Asian men, don’t expect any protection from anyone in authority.  … via @theconwom
Dear Hindus, I just want to put it out there that we (British people) know that these grooming gangs are not 'ASIAN', they are Muslim. Pakistani Muslim for the most part. The BBC may say otherwise, but the BBC= LIARS. We know the truth.
Asian Lakshmi Kala Moosapeta 7.20am show added Tomorrow morning 
Hai hai they must also tell the white and Asian girls with long hair to trim.
#ChildAbuse Girls in care in the north, horribly abused by gangs of Asian men- police and social workers let it happen. Sit tight. Pupils in top public school abused for decades, again, nothing was done. Poor or rich, children are failed. Shameful.
home office: Full Public Enquiry into Asian Grooming Gangs in the United Kingdom. - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange
No mention of the "Asian" grooming gangs on the BBC News webpage nor any of the National Front pages,  … DO OUR CHILDREN MATTER SO LITTLE?
Why do the UK media insist on smearing an entire continent by using the term "Asian grooming gang"? They are Pakistani British. How can a problem within a small  be addressed if we pretend it is within half the world's population. It's unhelpful.
Whistleblowing detective says police chiefs should face charges over Asian grooming gang scandal that saw 97 men left free to rape or abuse 57 young girls because officers feared arrests would 'stoke racial tensions' 
This was deffo an Asian yute, only they have enough time for these kinda things
Before any muslim/Pakistani/asian/leftist  on and shout.. oi, what about shouting about white men paedos? Isn't it the right wanting to shut down the BBC for paedo sex offences that they covered up?
They are not 'Asian grooming gangs' and this is not solely a child abuse issue. They are Muslim rape, torture and pimping gangs. Hindus and Sikhs do not behave like this. They are a key facet of Islamisation + they represent the most extreme racism in the UK generations.
On #ArmyDay, hearty congratulations to #IndianArmy! #FrenchArmy conducts biennial joint exercise “Shakti”, aimed at enhancing understanding, cooperation and interoperability with its counterpart in India, France’s foremost Asian strategic partner. 
Telford girls: the wrong kind of victims. Asian men accused of grooming, rape, drug-dealing, murder & paedophilia are simply the wrong kind of perpetrator. #MeToo prefers accused to be powerful white men: think Harvey Weinstein or Tory Cabinet  …
never differentiate his friends, gave them his tempus brand and super show concerts tickets as his guests even to indonesian artist like Dira (he met her on Asian Games) and Stephanie Poetri bcs she said her mom is Donghae biased. he is that kindhearted idol don't get him wrong 
An Asian grooming gang was free to roam the streets & abuse young girls because police officers were told to “find other ethnicities” to investigate, a detective has claimed.  …
"What had a massive input was the offending target group were predominantly Asian males and we were told to try and get other ethnicities." Once again it is exposed that children are being sacrificed an the altar of political correctness.  …
Police & social services must get on with their jobs & stop the current policy of appeasing a minority religious group. The media must stop referring to the perpetrators as being "men of Asian origin." They're not Burmese, Cambodian, Chinese, Nepalese, or Japanese.  …
#SarileruNeekevvaru Mancherial Asian Srinivasa Matinee,First Show Advance Fulls Tirumala Matinee,First show,Second Show Advance Fulls #SuperStar @urstrulyMahesh @AnilRavipudi @AnilSunkara1 @AKentsOfficial #BlockBusterKaBAAP #MASSMB
Ooh look Dodgy Dave the denier. When will we see an investigation into Pakistani rape gangs in Birmingham Less of the ‘Asian’ & ‘grooming’ They’re Pakistani muslims, gang raping children. Grooming is a nice thing - What these men do is monstrous  …
Asian grooming gang scandal continues. It makes one wonder as to the extent to which (if any) the institutional racism charge laid at the Police’s door by the McPherson report in 1999 has contributed to the unwillingness on the part of so many Police forces to tackle this problem  …
Well done @NickFerrariLBC for saying ‘men of Pakistani heritage//background origin’ @LBC It’s certainly more correct and accurate than ‘Asian men’ #abuse
choose your asian malaysian flying academy edition 
Nominations Now Open for ‘ 100 Asian Heartthrobs of 2020 ’! We will nominate for Jungkook. Link:  … ~Nominate in  box. #Jungkook #방탄소년단 #전정국 #방탄소년단정국 #田柾國 #ジョングク 
literally almost every time i see an asian man as a love interest in a western production they’re paired with white women, jameela imagine how tired we are  
I rlly love Messican boys, Asian boys and Filipino boys Goodnight to them only
“This was a debate that proved how much diversity matters. When black and brown and Asian voices are absent from the stage, the issues important to  don’t get much attention.” —  …
Hello #PortfoIioDay , I’m Fauzia Chang, asian artist who  and illustration. I love inking. And also into superhero fanart and kpop. Now  about mental health, peeptalk, and satan daily life. Hit me up on: fauziaram@gmail.com  
One example among many of Karl Marx’s hatred for India and Asia. He openly supported the “annihilation” of Asian civilization. 
it's very weird to me how y'all will stan an all asian band but still think "a person's intellect = their fluency in english" .... why is english still the standard .... and why do yall use a fucking language as a barrier for poc to thrive and share ideas fuck u
If you wanna be a top Pichu player, you probably got to be either black or asian. Sorry
Asian grooming gang free to roam streets because officers were told to 'find other ethnicities' to investigate, detective claims  … via @telegraphnews
Child molester given longer sentence as victims are Asian. Judge right to give West Yorkshire paedophile tougher sentence as Asian sex abuse victims suffer more than those who are white, Appeal Court rules 
Often we get so caught up in our own "world" that we forget that the real world is actually 60% Asian.  …
This "Dancing Ganesha" is a sculpture full of movement and represents a favorite theme in South Asian art.  …
sad how some (usually white westerners) are so reluctant to accept intellect when  from non western people. somehow the idea of a multi talented asian man - highly intelligent, interested in the arts, philosophy & current events - is one that must be dissected & tarnished
Oh Sehun, Regional Economist of Standard Chartered for East Asian is heading to Economic Outlook 2020. 
i made one before but i wanna remake it so: - 16 y/o - asian - she/her - 4’10 babie -sub - whole ass soft baby - anime and kpop - many kinks retweet to be moots, like for a dm 
Wishing a very happy birthday to Padma Shri & Mohun Bagan Ratna Chuni Goswami. An inspirational captain & fantastic player, he led us to many trophies in 1960s. Captain of 1962 Asian Games gold winning Indian side. #IndianFootball 
I'm Asian and live in Asia all my life and the only headache I get is from overworking and crippling expectations
นึกถึงมุขฝรั่ง.. If you're good at something, there will always be an Asian better at it than you.  …
“i want more asian men with white women” headass 
I talked to my half Asian lawyer tonight...what about I cant say but what I can say is its very bad for people who ignore fair use. I love ya billy
Don't miss out on what the 24th Asian TV Awards hailed as the Best Single Drama or Telemovie of 2019! Catch our Coven of Four in Mystified, for FREE on #iflix:  #MystifiedOnIFLIX @MissIzaCalzado @m_sunshinedizon @anakarylle 
There are only 519 Black owned beauty supply stores  to the 13,762 Asian owned ones
Asian girls are so pretty
Not the same, but I was once into a guy who asked me if my very obviously dyed red hair (like Hayley Williams or Black Widow type of bright red) was my natural hair color. Note that I am Asian. I never understood that. Obviously I didn't date him, not after that interaction.
88rising is the agency of many famous asian artists in US. I hope it’s 88rising woodz collab or they invite seungyoun to their Head in the Cloud festival
FWIW- let me say this loud and clear, once again. There is no South Asian classical music. There is no Pakistani classical music or Bangladeshi classical music. It is all Indian classical music - Hindustani and Karnataka , if you want to split it. But, that's about it  …
i hate to say it i hope i don’t sound ridiculous but i think asian people had a right to make fun of her for getting “barbecue fingers” tattooed on her hand?? not to mention the fact she was slapping japanese words on her merch and selling it way overpriced ?????  
#DemDebate Dunno about ya'll but Id rather let the smart Asian guy with facts and references lead the nation. #AmericaNeedsYang
Lmfao! Pale skin=/= white in anime Goodness they are mostly asian.  …
Time check!!! It's go time....let's do this @DominaFire4u #QKR @tonybobo3 @rt_feet @rtfindom @DirkHooper @DommeDaily @dickievirgin @FemdomDaily @Femdom__World @FemdomDaily @FemDomFanatic @Oostwalum @DommesNation @Slave_for_asian 
It's a huge achievement to captain your football team to an Asian Games gold medal. Can you imagine also leading your state to a Ranji trophy final and taking 8 wickets in a touring match against the West Indies, dismissing the mighty Rohan Kanhai. Chuni Goswami, 82 today! 
What is #Agnation? Who is Agnation? Lmao we are @agnezmo 's fans! The asian living legend AGNEZ MO #BestFanArmy 
Wheres the asian guy next to joe biden  …
Asia is the most populated continent on earth by a country mile. To call these rape gangs Asian is geographically inaccurate. Let's call a spade a spade if 90%+ of the perpetrators are from Kashmir/Pakistan then factually here is the problem. It's not racist it's factual.
Where’s the funny Asian guy #AmericaNeedsYang
My daughter after explaining to her why Yang didn't make the circus show tonight. "Y'all are just racist. That's just it." #AmericaNeedsYang so my asian daughter can feel like she's in a country that accepts her.
If it was white men on Asian girls everyone would be apoplectic, screaming racism ! But no , all the usual ones are silent aren’t they @afuahirsch ? @y_alibhai @thismorning
Yang participates in a tongue-in-cheek "alternative Asian debate" 
When Roddy Ricch said “bitch dont wear no shoes in my house” my asian mom felt that
Happening this weekend! All three of us will be doing a ‘talk’ at @ImagineTalksOrg January 18 at Oakland Asian Cultural Center. Hope to see you there! 
Even now, the establishment’s use of the word “Asian” is to obscure the truth.  …
"Greater Manchester Police chiefs should face charges after a damning new report revealed they left 97 men free to groom 57 young girls by dropping their investigation into Asian grooming gangs"  …
When @ronnychieng just asked @AndrewYang whether he puts raisins in his potato salad... The Asian  collectively breathed a sigh of relief when Yang said he does NOT like raisins in his potato salad. ...phew... #YangGang #AsianAmericans #blacktwitter
Doing an independent study on transpacific & Asian American literature w/7 graduate students & 2 visiting scholars on my sabbatical. Not the first time I’ve done this. Another example of a person of color doing extra work. And I’m still finishing the edits of my novel next week.
PROUD TO BE AN ASIAN WOMAN SENT ME
Some fcking once made a viral hate tweet dragging jk. A ONCE. AND AN ASIAN HIMSELF STANNING AN ASIAN GROUP. But guess racism is fine as long as its bt5.
I have been voting Republican since Obama went stupid...and guess what? This Asian gal has a legal ID Now stop spewing this nonsense.  …
How are you, a fcking ASIAN yourself, making a tweet hating on a successful asian man and getting him dragged by racist locals. Nah and you're fine with it and kekeing with them in the replies like fck off.
Just watched an Asian kid pick up one of my yang stickers I put on the tables at Costco and his face LIT UP. Representation matters. #yanggang
She supported a sexual predator and played a Asian character even tho she’s white as hell yet she’s still getting Oscar nominations and still even getting those roles in the first place
God forbid an Asian artist should chart by selling CDs
Haha that was actually one of my favorite shows we ever did. “We” being the clique of Asian Youtube singers & rappers that was touring a lot between 2010-2013. Super hot & sweaty room, crowd was live af. Energy was crazy.  …
the only thing I could say was alarming about this man was the fact that he hated when I whistled. Also he hated the Kodak black song roll in peace. He was an asian btw. I will never forget him.
so in grad school i told white profs it’d be a good idea to put asian am writers on the syllabus... & one was like “you know, at one point i had to live in my car” & another went “i used to be on food stamps.” & i was like “ok... so... the syllabus?” & they were like “we’ll see”
Today highlighted a profound problem with the elite’s approach to race: • black activist calls out #WhitePrivilege with no evidence. • a report found officials failed dozens of girls because their perpetrators were Asian. Our political class racialises everything. 
George, let me ask you a question. Why are you calling me a racist when I browsed through the people you follow, and they include Steve Bannon, Ben Shapiro, Jordan Peterson....and about 20 different Asian porn accounts  …
I want the confidence of an Asian woman in the pool changing rooms
The truly horrifying human cost of political correctness: 97 Asian men were left free to rape or abuse 57 young girls in Manchester because police officers feared arrests would 'stoke racial tensions'.  …
For the record, I didn't write the word 'Asian', that's the newspapers headline. I call them predominantly 'Pakistani, Muslim, Child Raping Paedophiles'  …
#Newsnight ....you keep mentioning ‘Asian’ men. Shouldn’t you be calling out Pakistani Muslim men, as the child Rapists!
ASIAN ARMYS WAKING UP WITHOUT KNOWING TAEKOOK MESSED UP IN WEVERSE 
Just watched BBC news item on the rape/grooming gangs. Not one single mention of the fact that the groomers were of Asian backgrounds. Isn’t it their duty to report the facts, not just what they want you to hear? Criminal, and I/we have to pay for them to hide the facts.
Amaazing @priyankachopra. From  the 1st South-Asian to headline a US series to foraying on web with an exciting project like #Citadel... You’ve truly painted the Sky Pink with your passion & talent. Super proud of you PCJ!  …
Quick roundup from West Asian shepherding twitter 
Brandi’s little stunt with the chair and tearful and dramatic monologue at this year’s reunion is sooooo cringe knowing that video of her making fun of Asian people exists. Lmfao she really thought she did something. I can’t stand her honestly #RHOD 
Asian grooming gang free to roam streets because officers were told to 'find other ethnicities' to investigate, detective claims  …
When I'm told I'm overrepresented in the sciences because I'm "Asian" but can't find any Filipinos at conferences...  …
Awkwafina was once a viral video creator and rap M.C. Now she’s the first Asian-American to win best actress at the Golden Globes. “My trajectory doesn’t make any sense. I have no idea if this is literally going to end tomorrow,” she said. 
 perceptions of the inefficacy  as a system for promoting growth, it appears that the region’s performance was better than any developing country group with the exception of the Asian miracle countries."  …
RIP Asian kids whose parents are going to use this guy as the standard from now on  …
"Asian Americans have turned to Black cultural and intellectual production to simultaneously cope with the impossibility of assimilating into whiteness, and to reject Asian cultural values that the white gaze marks as foreign or “Oriental.""  …
I was blessed. Second grade. Mrs. Gilbertson. She was Asian. And in third grade I went to a charter school for gifted kids and was blessed to have the late #ElizabethClarke who was Black. Didn’t have my first black male teacher until 7th grade. Mr. Winston taught health.  …
 in every south asian straight ppl wedding the bride looks like the most stunning beautiful gorgeous sexy lady in the world and the groom looks like a barely alive alopecia sewer rat
It's 2020 and #OscarsSoWhite...still. But us Asian-American NYers in entertainment are determined to make a change. Join us. #RepresentationMatters @derekmnguyen Jennifer Hsu @CAPEUSA Toni Wang McNicoll Mary Park @dianason @31philliplim  …
Your raps is cool and all but do you got Asian tryna rap in Spanish we going crazy Ganga out now !!!! 
Isn't Dave's wife Asian?  …
97 predominantly Asian men were interviewed over this young girls death, tells a story doesn't it. Such an injustice that we can't keep our girls safe in what is supposed to be a safe country. Paedophiles 'escaped justice' as victims let down by police  …
Feel free to post a link of white grooming gangs targeting Asian girls.
I absolutely get #ChappelleEndorsesYang 1. Yang's intelligent 2. Yang's young (not ja-ja-jaded) 3. Yang's analytical 4. Yang's views are nor right, nor left, nor middle 5. No one can really hate Yang 6. Yang's Asian and there's never been an Asian-American president  …
a win for the   …
So the 57 girls whose 97 abusers walked free in Manchester because the police didn't want to prosecute Asian men. Can someone please explain to me where the 'white privilege' of those girls was? I'm sure most lefties would argue they have it.
Wish somebody in the media had the balls to stop calling these Muslim rape gangs - "Asian"  …
Asian American writers! This place changed my teaching forever and I'm still so close with the fellows from my two years as faculty here. You won't find more support and guidance  than at Kundiman! Apply today!  …
Chloe Zhao - an asian woman - is about to release one of the biggest ensembles and one of the most biggest & visual movies of the year. 
Merriam-Webster says it will review its entry of ‘Chinese restaurant syndrome’ after Asian American-driven social media campaign launches. 
asian chicks: "I dated this one gu-- internet: YOU DATED A WHITE GUY DIDN'T YOU, YOU SELF HATING ASIAN
Can we all stop calling these vermin “Asian grooming gangs” the reality is that big groups of Pakistani rapists queued up to rape our young white girls after plying them with drink and drugs. enough of the appeasement.
RETWEET if you support our Indian, Chinese, Japanese and other Asian friends being thrown under bus by the fake news media, lumping them in with the Pakistani Muslim rape gangs. You won’t fix the problem if you won’t name the problem.
I find it rather humorous that there's more ethnic diversity amongst the Brexit Party MEPs than in the EU Parliament as a whole. Let's also not forget that Britain is the only EU member state with South Asian MEPs. But, still, 'Brexit is racist', of course...  …
Brexiteers...the grooming gangs issue has hit the fan. Ch4News revealed that there are 43 constabularies's dealing with grooming gangs. Let that sink in...43!! Yet they are still trying to deflect the fact it's mostly Asian/Pakistani gangs saying 3m kids have been abused.
1 Asian victim? longer sentence for the perpetrator because the victim is Asian. Tens of thousands of white victims? Covered up by most politicians, social services & police and the ones who do speak out get fired and hounded as racists. >Why you getting extreme? don't do that 
Calls an Asian woman a ch*nk and other expletives, assaults her and threatens to call the cops, whole time the Asian women are trying to deescalate and the one recording even asks “Did I even hit her?” The white woman ended up getting charged  …
Just for the record: I am not Asian.
I joined a group of South Asian civil and human rights lawyers in a #solidarity statement for Indian lawyers, protesters, and first responders dealing with the abuses and atrocities in India & #Kashmir. Read/share:  … @thewire_in 
"The gang,  of Asian men, hooked their victims on drugs, groomed, and sexually abused them. One girl, aged 15, died after being injected with heroin by a 50-year-old man." Grooming gangs are still acting with impunity across the UK. Why?  …
In film and media I want to see short men with tall women. I want intertrans love. I want dark skinned women with white/light skinned men. I want Asian men with white women. I want thin men with fat women. I want to see able bodied with disabled. Tired of dating stereotypes.
Manchester, UK: A government report concluded that police & social services knew that South Asian Muslim men were grooming & sexually abusing children but failed to act. The negligence lead to the death of a girl who told social workers about the abuse.  …
Excited to present to you our first cover of 2020 @lanacondor interviewed by @gabebergado and styled by @himichelleli for @TeenVogue *yes that’s all Asian Americans thanks for asking!*  
"You're an Asian woman. Do you know how much Bernie has done for  
It was the #BNP who were telling the police about these crimes back then. If the police had acted and done their jobs, many young vunerable girls lives wouldn't have been ruined. Police failed young girls groomed by Asian gangs over racism fears.  …
OUR GREAT PRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP IN 2020 " PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT, UNEMPLOYMENT LOWEST IN FIFTY YEARS, LABOR FORCE HAS GROWN BY 2.1 MILLION, POVERTY RATES FOR AFRICAN, ASIAN, HISPANIC AMERICANS AT RECORD LOWS UNEMPLOYMENT AMONG WOMEN AT IT LOWEST IN 70 YEARS 
Parasite is the 6th film with a predominantly Asian cast to score 5+ Oscar nominations w/o a single acting nod. Last Emperor: 9 wins/9 noms Crouching Tiger: 4 wins/10 noms Memoirs/Geisha: 3 wins/6 noms Slumdog Millionaire: 8 wins/10 noms Life/Pi: 4 wins/11 noms Parasite: 6 noms
Unbelievable on tonights Granada News they talking about ASIAN MEN When will they say it MUSLIM MEN
Much attn to lack of black, Latino & Asian candidates at debate tonight as lacking in diversity—but before the last year, there was never more than one woman on stage,never an openly gay candidate, & other than Sanders in 2016, not a Jewish candidate (also, Steyer is half Jewish)
#PortfolioDay My name is Anu and I'm an illustrator looking for new opportunities. South Asian representation is an important aspect of my illustrations! info@anumation.ca   
Every Asian football fan ever. 
I was one of two Asian kids in my elementary school, in a mostly white suburb. It would have meant so much to have this radiant debut chapter book series back then, and thanks to ⁦ @literarylyla⁩, I hope these books might help some readers feel a little less alone. 
Hi Time Magazine. There's nothing wrong with MSG. That's from some racist stereotype against Asian food back in the 1980s..
UK: Asian (Pakistani) grooming gang free to roam streets and abuse young girls because officers were told to “find other ethnicities” to investigate, detective claims  …
And as an Asian woman in a majority white field, do you know how often I’ve had to have “the talk” to newer students of colour? To advise them on how to deal with microaggressions, tell them which administrators won’t care if  about racism, etc.
@BernieSanders told me (& everyone) that we should run for office bc we CAN win. Women, African Americans, Latinos, Asian Americans, Native Americans, LGBTQ+ folks, all of us. He's building the bench more than any candidate in my lifetime, & it's a diverse bench. #WomenForBernie
The Asian man that owns the record store that Penny and Dijonay work at just called Dijonay “ Queen Latifah”. I cldowoxjcndnsmskskssl
Guys a couple of people asked me about non western media featuring enemies to lovers and I want  a list later please feel free to leave your own suggestions esp all of you who are deep into Asian drama rn
Matt, I love you dude but that makes no sense. We don’t want woman pres just because she’s a woman... we want diversity to be able to run and win on his or her own merits. So if we think an Asian Am shld have a shot at the presidency nobody should run opposing yang. #ohmatt
freaking unfollow me @lovemymarvel, r^cist a$$b!tch.. if you hate muslims, don’t follow me please even block me.. if you support trump unfollow me.. You don’t deserve to be a daisy stan.. you know she’s Asian, right? Do you hate asians too? Disgusting, LEAVE everyone tf alone 
An  normal game of HOI4 being played here by u/Greawis Nothing at all strange about the Confederate States joining the Asian Federation, a faction led by Denmark, right? 
Today @AndyBurnhamGM a report that  on Asian!! paedophiles abusing and raping young girls in Greater Manchester was published but not a word uttered by you on Twitter!! Police and Council officials have allowed untold abuse on defenceless children. Speak up man!!
this whole thread is legit as dark Asian woman myself i had struggled to accept my fLaWs (yep, past tense). now i’m proud of myself! you should too! also HWASA  …
You’re probably right. It has to be Racism. Why else would all these ‘Asian’ people target white underage girls only?  
Where are my beautiful South Asian and/or Muslim fashion designers out there who want to get their threads on the Oscars?!! I want to champion your work and get it out there! Spread the word! Hit me up! #Oscars2020 #stlouissuperman
It’s going to be a great Olympic Games as two top Asian teams will be in #Tokyo2020: Hosts Japan Asian Champions Iran Visit  for all the latest. 
As #WhitePrivilege trends all day we learn of yet another case of 'Asian men' raping, abusing and even murdering white girls  impunity. The term: ''having been administered an overdose'' Is particularly repulsive.  …
Anyone that describes Yang as a Silicon Valley tech entrepreneur, billionaire, venture capitalist, or wall street bro, is perpetuating the Asian Model Minority stereotype. He is not a billionaire, he was never a VC, he never worked in Silicon Valley, and he ran a non profit.
Asian grooming gang free to roam streets and abuse young girls because officers were told to “find other ethnicities” to investigate, detective claims  … via @telegraphnews
So important that we amplify the voices of Carers from Black Asian and Minority Backgrounds who often have worse health  due to their Caring roles please share far and wide!!  …
Don't expect any "South Asian" human rights lawyers or academics to tweet against this. Because limiting the internet by India is "genocide" and genocide by Pakistan, oh well. Eh  …
How can the authorities be allowed to get away with having ignored these atrocities. Young girls being forcibly injected with Heroin and their pleas ignored? Police failed young girls groomed by Asian gangs over racism fears  via @MailOnline
choose ur asian girl 
So if we take another example.... the ‘white’ girls that were, and continue to be abused by Asian grooming gangs. The ones that were referred to by their rapists and abusers as ‘sluts’ and ‘white trash’.... what sort of ‘privilege’ was in play there? What’s it called?  …
Operation Augusta failed to meet its objective of tackling sexual exportation of children. Victoria Agoglia was killed in 2003 by heroin. Concerns were raised about the potential to incite racial hatred as majority suspect were 'Asian'. 68 suspect identify, police FAILED to act. 
The shame of our country.. Police failed young girls groomed by Asian gangs over racism fears 
It really angers me when MSM report that Asian men are grooming these girls. It is an insult to all Asian men who are not Pakistani! Why the hell can they not say it as it is, now that they admit to failings due to a PC climate.  …
not new to nsfw twitter but i need new moots!! - a crackhead - loves snakes - will send memes and reassurance 24/7 - asian poc - ft and call me whenever!! - might quote vines without meaning to- - big scary dom, everyone shush,,, ↺ to be moots (selective, sorry!!) , ♡ for dm 
RT and I'll reply with some @iHrithik ♡♡♡ movies Gifs Slideshow created to celebrate 20 YEARS OF HRITHIK MANIA Millennial Superstar Sexiest Asian Man Hrithik Mania Duggu 24 movies 7 Blockbuster The best actor/dancer/man in the World! 
any way, today you can buy ONE THOUSAND BEGINNINGS AND ENDINGS in paperback! it's a book of Asian stories told by a wide range of Asian authors, and it's one of the projects I'm proudest to have been a part of - pick it up at your local bookstore!  
If you're more offended by the word racist than racism itself... It's not an exclusively #WhitePrivilege, because there are plenty of black/asian people who are rich enough to avoid the adversity racism causes... *COUGH* @KanyeWest... But it is 
The apex Asian findom predator. The top of the food chain. To see you white wimps fall and grovel at my feet, with your wallets and mouths open, pining for just a glimpse of attention... You throb even harder when I ignore you. Try harder. Dig deeper. Give. Me. More. 
'Detectives identified 97 paedophiles who abused at least 57 victims, many of which were in care. But police dropped their investigation triggered by the death a 15-yr-old girl who reported being raped and injected with heroin by a 50-year-old Asian man'  …
u never understand true fear until u see 8 missed calls from ur asian mother when ure out with friends without her knowing
Report into Rochdale's Asian grooming gang reveals police left 100 men free to rape or abuse 57 young girls because they feared arrests would 'stoke racial tensions' Left Wing political correctness caused thousands of girls to be raped 
I was really pleased at last to see them report on TV about Asian males taking advantage of underage kids by plying them with drugs & alcohol, which resulted in the death of a young girl. But these aren’t Asians, they are mainly Muslim Pakistan men, please say that in the report.
People ask whether the descendants of the Scythians are the Slavs, the central asian Turks or the Ossetians. The answer is yes to all.
Police failed young girls groomed by Asian gangs over racism fears  via @MailOnline
for me Asian food is God tier. Those okes can cook
Dropping big news! We're #casting for our first show of 2020... it's a  set on the South London bus, N89 1 black male. 1 white female. 1 South Asian female. 1 white male. 2 any race males. Deets and contact #theatre #castingcall 
Just sold another Asian video on Modelhub:  … 
What’s happening now in Manchester 49 multi victim or multi offender investigations 134 known victims 299 suspects - 40% from Asian heritage However, look in your backyard because you’re not immune Remember most child sexual abuse happens in the family Look and You will find
The ethnicity of the offenders was AN issue but not THE issue It was  & insufficient understanding of “grooming” However, I have never been afraid to call out members of the British Pakistani & South  who have been abusers Without fear or favour
Asian parents will use this guy as benchmark from now on.  …
That’s why tweets from Western vegans telling East Asian people not only what we can and can’t eat, but what our traditional diets are, is problematic. It’s predicated on privilege and ignorance, from those claiming to  *Sips on extremely milky tea*
don’t let asian parents see this post  …
Nah but by far the weirdest part about Joker was when he got taught karate by his Asian neighbor. Those scenes lasted way too long and really felt disconnected from the rest of the narrative. He never even uses the karate he just shoots people
If being Asian was a sport, this guy just won the Olympic Gold Medal - Navy SEAL (Most elite US military force) - Has a Math Degree - Harvard Medical School Grad - Works for NASA - Is an Astronaut - Potentially amongst the first humans to go to Mars  …
LY: Tear ties with LY: Her (78 weeks) for the longest charting Asian Album in US World Albums. Which means Tear will soon break Her's record.... #BoyWithLuv #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
i’m tired man us asian fans get NOTHING. we support and love louis as much as US and UK fans (if not more) yet we get absolutely nothing. no promos, no performances, no tours, no listening parties, nothing. i’m so mad i want to cry this is so unfair.
ATTENTION, ATINYS! We're still finding ASIAN ATINYS out there! WE STILL NEED MORE OF YOU. Please cooperate. Trust us. Kindly leave  if you're interested. Thank you.
*dates an asian girl once*  …
Just To remind U Guys 24th Sexiest Asian Man Looks Like these #PowerOfSid 
1/ While it seems bizarre that there's a fixation in the western imagination regarding the allure of #MissSaigon, white society has to reaffirm their cultural superiority  and appropriating Asian culture and history.  …
Win or lose, @AndrewYang has inspired myself and countless others around the world. But what he has done for Asian American representation is perhaps even more inspiring.  …
It would mean a great deal to the Asian  for this to trend on Reddit! Please help us by upvoting this post:  … Thanks #YangGang  …
I'm sick of the overachiever Asian stereotype. Not because it's offensive, but because it's misleading people about how to achieve real success. The stereotype emphasizes hard work and obeying laws. That's fine, but it obscures the value of being a contrarian who takes risks.  …
5 screens lo 4 screens full ante matalu kadhu adhi kuda morning shows #AlaVaikunthapurramulo #AVPL 1 show for #SarileruNeekevvaru 92 tickets drop for full In Uppal asian
This is the context: “A 2019 study by the USC @Inclusionists showed that in the 100 top-grossing films of 2018, 33 movies were missing Black women characters, 54 had no Asian or Asian American characters, and 70 had no Latina characters.”  …
Found a filter that just makes you slightly Asian 
These are facts: -White Canary is an Asian assassin. -Green Arrow’s mantle belongs to Oliver Queen and his son Connor Hawke. -Black Canary’s mantle belongs to Dinah Drake and Dinah Laurel Lance. -Barbara Gordon/Oracle is the best hacker the world has ever known.
Ali Ghoorchian, the most medalled horse archer in the world, designed a saddle for horseback archery based on old Central Asian saddle trees but with some differences. His asil Persian Arabian, Narmashir, is the model  
I’m an Asian Indian brown skinned guy with a Latina wife @Debber66 who is half-Venezuelan and half-Mexican American. Together the two of us are more diverse than the entire remaining field of a major political party that portrays itself as a hallmark of diversity
Asian cinemas kompally Today #SarileruNeekevvaru 7 Shows #AlaVaikunthapurramulo 6 shows
oomf really said they used to talk to an asian dude that said “nigga” more than they did and even bullied them a lil bit but they liked it so they let it slide 
[COMMUNITY] #Jungkook has been named the TOP Idol in Japan ( @BTS_twt) Not long ago #정국 was ranked 1st as the most popular idol in Japanese media Rank1. The largest Korean/Asian information site in Japan, Haryu, puts Jungkook as the No.1 idol now.  
Asian-American unemployment is at an all time low African-American unemployment is at an all time low Women's unemployment is at its lowest in 65 years Lowest unemployment rate ever recorded for Americans without a HS diploma 3.9 million lifted OFF of food stamps
#SarilerNeekevvaru 4 th day Asian Jyothi RC puram 4/4 shows advance FULL 
I wonder if @DineshDSouza, and Frank Wu still hold the same views 100%.. myself as being a straight Asian/Norwegian male stand by the views of 
He so Asian. Not sure about other cultures but we give money as presents. For Birthdays and Christmas, our entire extended family just exchange envelopes. Lol. Could be just our family. Hey, cash is better than unwanted present you have to return later.  …
-Asian stocks -Yuan extends gains to the strongest since July -Tech shares sent S&P 500 and Nasdaq to records -Treasury yields edge up -Yen fell past 110 per dollar -Oil recovers, gold  
This fool trying to get every Asian kids ass beat
(1) Major KMT argument in #TaiwanElection was more integration with CN economy is necessary for growth. Not clear this is true though. TW weathered the #TradeWar better than nearly any other Asian exporter bc of big surge in direct exports to the US.  
The Asian Development Bank and Norway signed an agreement to expand support for Pakistan's National Disaster Risk Management Fund, further strengthening financing for natural disaster risk reduction and preparedness in the country. 
"As civil and human rights lawyers of South Asian descent, we will not be silent as India continues down a path of abandoning fundamental rights and pursuing policies of marginalisation, exclusion, discrimination, and violence."  …
Morning! Yes to a big hearty breakfast it does not get any more asian than this pose  …
Me, seeking a quiet Central Asian life of reclusion if my master's degree in China doesn't work out  …
Grounded from our roots, we are burning with passion and devoted to seeking greatness by bringing harmony in the art of dancing. Support FDL-Adhoc as  in ASIAN HIPHOP PHILIPPINES January 18, 2020 | 5 PM Tanghalang Pasigueño 
Where’s the freedom for southeast Asian workers in Taiwan? Where’s the freedom for Mainlanders? Give your land back to the indigenous people.  …
College Asian Tries to Bait Non-social Media Gays  
I’m sorry but the majority of these Asian run businesses be so rude .. they really can’t stand US but deal with us because we spend money .
On Bloombergon 20 Jan at 710am - early for Asian hours but just right for some? Will discuss Asian economics w/ a focus on 2020 outlook, distilling b/n cyclical & structural trends, & sub-regional growth prospect. Outlook in 2019: BAD NEWS = GOOD NEWS  …
Praying circle: FEB 25, 2020 WJSN ASIAN TOUR ANNOUNCEMENT
It’s officially over for first gen Asian American children once the Asian parents read about his story on Facebook and share it with their friends.  …
sana all @phamswing w/ asian cutie 
Trotting out a Black woman and an Asian man to announce the (very white) nominations is the epitome of irony, but apparently, that was lost on the Academy. #OscarsSoWhite 
Anyone who uses "South Asian descent" is an imperial stooge. "South Asian" is a term created in cold-war politics, aiming to deny India.  …
Chile, we influence the  You better get your facts straight! 
"WINNER, With Their Thailand Concert of their Asian Tour, Fires Their First Event of the New Year… Enthusiastic Press Coverage + Completely Full Audience" #위너 #WINNER  
I don’t ignore Yang cause he’s Asian. I ignore him because I refuse to legitimize his libertarian inexperienced ableist candidacy  …
SHOW THIS TO YOUR ASIAN PARENTS INSTEAD   …
We will not be silent as India pursues policies of marginalization, exclusion, violence. We express #solidarity with people of India & #Kashmir engaging in peaceful dissent. Read solidarity statement from South Asian American lawyers:  … @thewire_in
Whats funny about this is how often the hip  liked to take from the Asian experience, like its no prob
Powerful statement from south asian american lawyers: Indian democracy has failed to protect fundamental rights linking #CAA #NRC & #Kashmir. But also reminding the Indian state about the lack of justice for 2002 Gujarat & 1984 Sikh pogroms. Present/Past  …
All forms of racism are unacceptable, but in my opinion and only in my opinion the few Labour members who have been accused of using antisemitic tropes is  to the racist language aimed at the Black & 
Why don’t we ever talk about Muslim countries oppressing muslims : KSA: 85,000 Yemeni Muslim children killed Gulf States: Working with Israel Central Asian States: Hijab and Niqab Ban Libya: Selling African Muslim slaves  …
hi an update that i started as the queens borough lead for nyc census 2020 today hit me up with your queens, asian american, immigrant, census needs, questions, collabs. 
Tiger woods was half Asian until he cheated on his white wife
Ngayon ko lang nakita to???? SB19 swas featured pala sa Asian Boss?? Woah. It has 86k views and  Asian Boss has 2M subscribers so this is really a good opportunity to promote them. That "Hello, Negros" did really make a noise. #ALABTopSpotONMYX 
More anti-Hindu, anti-India lies. You don’t speak for “South Asian” lawyers. You speak for .001 percent, in Marxist academia. So many errors in this.  …
hot takes for smp/misfits artists: -draw jay as asian. he isn’t white. -draw swaggers true body type; he isn’t a skinny twink -draw travis’ true body type; he isn’t a skinny twink
Perhaps saying Asian on your college application is strategically unsound. Know of any famous people who said they were another race to get ahead, yet the population doesn’t care that they did? Thanks!  …
I’m not a Yang supporter but this bullshit still chafes. First Asian-American candidate in American history to make it this far in the process and this is the shit he has to put up with? GTFO  …
Blackpink to Eric Tse – the Asian creatives who will lead the 2020s  I vote #KillThisLove by @ygofficialblink for #BestMusicVideo at the #iHeartAwards #BLACKPINK
African oligarchs turn to Asian offshore destinations  …
@VanJones68 17 out of 20 candidates declined to attend the Democratic AAPI forum. Do @TheDemocrats want the Asian vote? Seems like they don’t care about  @AndrewYang @TulsiGabbard and Steyer attended.
award shows refusing to nominate asian women and other woc and only nominating black women when they play slaves is so f*cking transparent
Why did I know naz was the one spending £20 on a first date, that’s where the asian kicks in ! #LoveIsIand
WE are being sukered every day. Black/Coloured/Asian makes a stupid statement; a white person roundly criticises the remark;  the race card; the white person immediately  a nasty person. Dont let these people wind us up!
Parents’ plea for Asian stem cell donors to save three-year-old son  …
. @BTS_twt is #1 on the Billboard Social 50 chart for a 161st weeks They remain the only Asian act with most weeks at N°1 on the Billboard Social 50
Wow, setting the bar high for next generation of Asian kids!  …
With ’The Farewell,’ director @thumbelulu wanted to show the joy rather than the struggle of being Asian American. Many are outraged that Wang and her film were snubbed by the Academy Awards 
Did you see the last Asian spy they apprehended? Young. Looks like my theory that they bring in prostitutes to take care of Trump when he's at Mar a Lago. Maybe that's Grisham's job, too, since she doesn't do any pressers. Saves Melania the trouble & keeps it in-house.
Group of human and civil rights lawyers of South Asian descent have expressed grave concerns about “ongoing legal abuses and human rights atrocities” in India. BJP atrocities in OCCUPIED #JammuAndKashmir #KashmirStillUnderCurfew  …
Amazing how all these idiots screaming about alleged racism and white privilege have absolutely zero to say about industrial scale abuse of white girls by ‘Asian’ men and the daily videos on social media of whites being beaten by BAME people all over Europe..
To be clear: I don’t identify as “Asian,” but I know society categorizes me as such. So I’m forced to exist & navigate systems “under” such identity. But because I’m not a prototypical “Asian,” I don’t enjoy the privileges of that identity. I’m Filipino (Kapampangan & Tagalog)!
Critical letter from US based South Asian lawyers condemning #Hindu #fascism. Our euro centric tendencies would have us look elsewhere for global indicators, but India is home to 1 billion ppl & signaling a scary future for us all.  … #CAA #NRC #compas
South Asian American civil and human rights lawyers release a #solidarity statement for Indian lawyers, protesters, and first responders dealing with the abuses and atrocities in India & #Kashmir. Read more at  … 
ScarJo making history as the first Asian American actress to be nommed twice #OscarsSoWhite
The party of diversity has nothing but Old White candidates and a pasty ass Asian remaining...
"The Social Value of Asian American Comedy--ft. @JoeWongComedy" EFPA ep 143. Joe, Diana & Teen discuss the social value of Asian  What role do our  like @aliwong & @ronnychieng play in an era of social disorder and  …
Now do: Asian women who work in sweatshops making my, plagiarized, clothing and shoe lines are more likely to suffer from oppressive hours, slave wages and dangerous working conditions than the average American worker.
By the way, @CoryBooker’s campaign was the first to reach out to the Asian/Pacific Islander Caucus about doing an event for -us-. Not asking me for a favor. They were first to agree to join us at AsianFest this summer and were wholeheartedly in to plan a Lunar New Year
Are you a senior black, Asian or minority ethnic leader working in the NHS or providing NHS-funded services? The #ReadyNowProg could be for you. Find out more and apply today:  
"As civil human rights lawyers of South Asian descent, we will not be silent as India continues down a path of abandoning fundamental rights & pursuing policies of marginalisation." Proud of our civil rights diaspora @arjunsethi81 @HinaShamsi  …
#OscarsSoWhite but also y’all are forgetting that double #Oscars nominee Scarlett Johansson is an Asian trans man.
Two of my papers that focus on #AsianAmericans are among the top 50, both published w/ @ERSjournal. 1) #WhoCountsAsAsian w/ @karthickr #13 2) Revisiting the #Asian #SecondGeneration Advantage w/ @vantrannyc @tiffjhuang #40 The study of Asian Americans is central to  …
Now that Asian America is entering the 2020s, the time is more ripe than ever to abandon the diasporic practice making of pho-puns altogether, and permanently.
I’m so proud to have introduced the bipartisan #SouthAsian Heart Health bill to take on the rapidly growing crisis of heart disease that is affecting our South  across America. This is something we can tackle together—& we must.  …
I love you if you’re: Black, Asian, latinx, white, gay, straight, trans, cis, bi, tall short, skinny, large and everything in between! I love you all. I hope you can all love me too. Nobody is perfect, but the more love we spread, the closer we get to it.
My Portfolio-1  allocation. Insurance basket 15% HDFC Twins 10% Bajaj Twins 10%* Reliance 5% Pidilite 5% Asian Paints 5% Nestle 5% ITC 5% Kotak Bank 5%* 3M 3% GSK Cons 3% Britannia 3% Page 3% Honeywell 2%* Siemens 2%* P&G 2% Cash 17% (10% for currency cards IPOs)
How does being an Asian-American woman in a #leadership position influence Dr. Wei Zhou's experience as an #academic #surgeon? Read our #Vascular Division chief's story in the latest Quick Snips blog:  @VascularAz 
We've finally reached peak Asian overachiever  …
Even for an Asian, this is excessive
This is an orientalist play that is demeaning to Asian women in particular. It has no place in a school. We need to defend kids from this kind of racism. If they were using this as a source txt to discuss racism, fine. But like this? As a parent and Asian, I'm appalled.  …
As lawyers of South Asian descent, we express our solidarity with the people of India & #Kashmir who are engaging in peaceful dissent and facing arbitrary arrest and violence. Read our solidarity statement here:  … @thewire_in
y'all are so ungrateful and it shows really. asian stans who have been here since the 1d days have waited 10 years and stayed. spare a thought about us.
us/uk  about nOt gEtTiNg enough should really shut up. asian louies get close to nothing. artists think asia has two countries. most of us can't even order the merch because of how expensive it gets when we convert it to our currency and add shipping.
Thank you to this collective of US human rights lawyers of South Asian descent for this impt statement. We appreciate you being cognizant of the difference between the demands of Kashmiris and that of India’s minorities.  …
Assuming Asian parents function similarly to Latin ones, I'm just here hoping to god he doesn't have any siblings. My body couldnt handle that level of stress
Here are the only three Asian acting #Oscars winners in the award's 92 years: Miyoshi Umeki (1958) Sir Ben Kingsley (1983) Haing S. Ngor 
The last time any actor of Asian descent was nominated for an acting Oscar was Rinko Kikuchi in 2007, for Best Supporting Actress for Babel. 
This is Merle Oberon, the only person of Asian descent to ever be nominated for a Best Actress Oscar (1935). She hid her mixed Indian heritage her entire life.  …
NOBODY SHOW THIS TO OUR ASIAN PARENTS  …
Sad trivia: PARASITE is the third Asian ensemble picture to score a Best Picture nomination but as with the previous two instances, The Last Emperor (1987) and Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon (2000) none of its actors were nominated #Oscars
The Farewell getting snubbed while Marriage Story gets all the noms shows that when white men do a domestic story, it's deep and universal, but Asian-American family stories are niche and alien. Also, you can nominate her twice but ScarJo is still not Asian  …
Asking an Asian-American man and an African-American woman to announce *these* nominations is disgusting.
Ok part of this is definitely being raised Asian and it's just not really part of the culture to verbally express affection. But a girl can dream
Sorry I get the criticism but I just really need to know if Scarlett is on the run or not since she is black, Asian, trans and all that
Cory Booker hired senior Asian American staff early in the cycle, and poured resources specifically into targeting Asian American voters in key swing states like Nevada before most campaigns even hired someone to manage AAPI engagement.  …
why i can’t ask my parents if i can go to the @Stray_Kids concert yet: - they haven’t released the price - i don’t know who i’m going with - i need to figure out how to suddenly grow a pair and ask them - tbh i’m just scared - their asian so they might say no owo asian household
Performers of Asian descent were overlooked in all of the acting categories.  …
I'm glad to join South Asian American civil and human rights lawyers in this solidarity statement about the atrocities and violations in India + Kashmir. Pls read/share the statement  …
Cable news’ consistent confusion of Andrew Yang with other Asian men is, uh, problematic to say the least.  …
Damn, don't make me choose between supporting an Irish star in Saoirse or an Asian one in Scarlett  …
Good luck to all the European and Asian stays preparing to fight for tickets in the next few weeks 
and yes, only seeing parasite as a technical/directorial achievement even though it is also an acting one is a bias rooted in the inability to recognize the humanity of asian people
I see the Academy’s finally giving trans men and Asian women the Oscar recognition they deserve.  …
Also when the academy does this it turns diversity into subservience imo. If more poc and women were nominated this would be so cool. But what we got was an Asian dude and a black woman having to read off a list of a bunch of white people all morning. 
Powerful #solidarity statement from South Asian civil and human rights lawyers in the U.S. standing  targeted and marginalized in India & Kashmir, and offering support to legal workers and lawyers on the front lines:  …
As lawyers of South Asian descent, we express our solidarity with the people of India & #Kashmir who are engaging in peaceful dissent and facing arbitrary arrest and violence. Read our solidarity statement here:  … @thewire_in
Here we are.. let’s go check Nadine Lustre ft Sam Concepcion first international performance in Indonesia at Lazada  
selling couple of days after releasing tour dates, i fear for student mbbs who doesn't have savings yet and have asian parents.
Most people in the world are descendants of slaves but only one particular group of people insist on identifying with it as if world history is just a footnote. Today you don’t know the descendants of slaves in most African or Asian countries because they moved on with life.
Proof that attractive wyt people are never really "cancelled" Scarlett Johansson has faced backlash for shamelessly taking trans and Asian roles, publicly defending a child predator and even after multiple failed box office movies she still gets huge roles and TWO Oscar noms.  …
gunna have to say sorry to all european and asian monbebes but by the time we finish us tours, it'll be kim shidae performing at ur stops cuz we all sick
congratulations to the first Asian woman to be nominated for the Oscars twice in the same year  …
And the #Oscars shutout of #TheFarewell is a reminder that excellence is not enough. Asian Americans remain on the margins even as Asian cinema is finally making its mark. 
Asian Moms still want to know why he didn't finish Law School.
The Academy watching Asian, Latino, and black American actors this year 
Between this and Parasite, the  has a lot to celebrate!  …
Quick reminder that if Awkwafina had been nominated for Best Actress, she’d have been the first Asian-American to EVER have been nominated for Best Actress. Oh well, I guess!
After Sandra Oh became the first asian woman to win a Golden Globe for best actress in a TV drama, now we’ll have the first asian woman to win an Oscar for best actress... Representation MATTERS.  …
The last and only Asian actress to be nominated for Best Actress was Merle Oberon in 1935. She's one of a total of only 7 Asian individuals nominated for an acting Oscar in the Academy's 92 years of existence. 
yeah but are they really gonna nominate two asian women in the same category?
Especially when they are also snubbing an Asian-American in the same category who just won the Golden Globe.
They really had an Asian man and a Black woman show up at 4am to read all those white dude names. The nerve. The gall. The audacity.
Another big win for the 
One Black acting nominee ... despite a plethora of chances to reward so many amazing performances from Black, Latinx and Asian actors this year. One nominee doesn't excuse this #OscarsSoWhite lineup.
“I have a friend who is Black/Asian and they don’t think it’s racist!”  …
As lawyers of South Asian descent, we express our solidarity with the people of India & #Kashmir who are engaging in peaceful dissent and facing arbitrary arrest and violence. Read the full statement here:  … @thewire_in
this is the asian parent dream  …
Included in Best celebrity looks together with other HW stars.. #2 in the list for best Korean pop rappers list. Named the most popular member in Japan by Japan's largest Korean/Asian info site. Yep. We all got this in just 1 day. Lisa you're doing amazing sweety. 
NEW: I joined a group of South Asian civil and human rights lawyers in a #solidarity statement for Indian lawyers, protesters, and first responders dealing with the abuses and atrocities in India & #Kashmir. Read/share:  … @thewire_in. #CAA_NRCProtests
17 ปีในวงการบันเทิงของ #กันอรรถพันธ์ @AtthaphanP กับรางวัล Best Actor in a Supporting Role จาก asian television awards 2019  … @GMMTV #GMMTV 
#BLACKPINK's #Lisa has been named the most popular member in Japan by Japan's largest Korean/Asian information site not even surprised tho look at japanese when bp’s performance in summer sonic festival 
Japan's LARGEST Korean/Asian information site named LISA as the Most Popular Member of the Group!  … When Japan dubbed Lisa as Asia's Miracle they mean it. #리사 #LISA #LALISA #リサ #ลิซ่า #블랙핑크 #BLACKPINK 
@imrealasim Achievements :- - 24th sexiest Asian men - 4th T.v. Ranking - - Biggest Individual Trend of 6 Million on twitter - Ten plus 1M trends Unseenwala aka @tehseenp Achievements : - Puppet in congress party & laughing stock of social media #MorePowerToYouAsim
FULL-TIME | United Arab Emirates U23 2-0 DPR Korea U23 DPR Korea are the third East Asian team eliminated from #AFCU23 after two defeats, while UAE register their first win in Group 
So the Catholic Church in India will not host the 2021 Asian Youth Day. Bishop Nazarene  “BJP, has been increasingly hostile to religious freedom for minorities...We had hoped that there would be a change of government in 2019, but that did not happen." So Sad! 
Multi-Domain Task Forces will be deployed by the US Army to Expand Asian Security Efforts This will counter China and neutralize some capabilities China and Russia already possess.  …
After a black Trump supporter helps this Asian lady with her car,she says Go Trump She said she has never seen a President who loves people the way @realDonaldTrump does. He is fighting for Retweet if you love this story cheak my twit 
1. Whiteness is a psychosis of power. 2. White  in lots of different coloured bottles. 3. Anti blackness in the south Asian diaspora is well documented. 4. Patel done.  …
So, I didn't see  but according to this DNA test that I've done recently, it turns out that I also have Asian, Hispanic, Native American as well as the African ancestry... Which explains a whole lot! 
Asian lvl infinity  …
Wild that me and Priti Patel, both British Asian women, were on BBC 5 Live today where only one of us was telling the truth about institutional racism while the other was actively upholding it
Grounded from our roots, we are burning with passion and devoted to seeking greatness by bringing harmony in the art of dancing. Support FDL-Adhoc as  in ASIAN HIPHOP PHILIPPINES January 18, 2020 | 5 PM Tanghalang Pasigueño 
People who have converted to Judaism are Jews. Black Jews are Jews. LGBTQ Jews are Jews. Asian Jews are Jews. Patrilineal Jews are Jews. #JewishPride is about creating an  where every Jew feels  & we can exist together even with disagreements.
India Is Abandoning Fundamental Rights, Say US Human Rights Lawyers A group of lawyers of South Asian descent have asked #US lawmakers to speak up and take action against the #CAA- #NRC and the Indian govt's 'abuses' in #Kashmir. #LetKashmirSpeak  …
Westerners are so fucking weak. They will pass out if they watch every Asian drama and say it's problematic, that's why they only deserve superhero movies.
Ah yes my favorite dnd experience, watching two asian teams intensely staring as they roll dice against each other  minmaxed builds.  …
It’s almost time.. we’ll do a premiere in 2 hours, make sure you’d be able to see Nadine Lustre ft Sam Concepcion on their first international performance in Lazada Indonesia. Here’s the link :  
CONGRATS SKY CASTLE!!! SKY CASTLE WON BEST DRAMA SERIES ON ASIAN TELEVISION AWARDS!! #KimHyeYoon #김혜윤 #혜윤 #金惠允 #마멜공주 
It turns out the Dos Equis world’s most interesting man is Asian:  …
K Media: BTS #JUNGKOOK, has been selected the most popular member in Japan, by largest Asian information site Haryu Korea & Rank1. Media outlet explained JK excel in every aspect of appearance, dance, singing , rapping & personality, which is beyond the framework of idol groups. 
NAVER #정국 #Jungkook ranks #1 among members of BTS in Japan! On the 12th, Hallyu media introduced the BTS member rankings by Haryu Korea and Rank1, the largest Korean/Asian information site in Japan.  , 방탄소년단 정국  
Lol. Asian son of the year award. #효자  …
e.g. Nepal is an Asian country which has introduced a transgender passport; in a recent election in Pakistan trans candidate contested the poll. Transphobia has not been eradicated but it’s important to keep fighting patruravhy’s hierarchy of oppressions, not just misogyny  …
Imminent Sino-U.S. deal signing lifts Asian currencies; sterling slips  
IGFC Major General Fayaz Hussain Shah met and appreciated the players participated in 13th South Asian games in Nepal. #Balochistan 
Dude, you're giving the rest of us basic Asian over achievers a bad rep! Congrats for this amazing achievement!
Every Asian parents wet dream.
So it's 2 days before the #demdebate and it looks like all the social justice warriors who normally cry foul about racism and lack of diversity/representation have all gone to take a nap? Maybe because the blatant erasure of an Asian American doesn't fit the SJW narrative? hmm.
Hey, atinys... we're currently finding for ASIAN ATINYs. We need u right now. So, like this if you're an ASIAN. I'll be recruiting u in our gc. Trust us.
Couldnt decide, so we made both • mini lumpia & asian lettuce wraps 
Do white ppl racially profile Asian men as deceptive tech billionaires I swear
Thick blanket of ash covers the BMX cycling and skateboarding venues that hosted the 2019 Southeast Asian Games.  …
200111 Asian Television Awards @AtthaphanP #กันอรรถพันธ์น่ารักกว่าที่คิด #ออฟก้น 
It is reported that it may just be the continuation of their Keep Spinning Asian Leg Tour. #GOT7 @GOT7Official
[UPDATE] GOT7 is said to do Asian Tour for 2020.  Stay tuned for updates! #GOT7 
Full video of Gun Atthaphan awards acceptance at the 24th Asian Television Awards Link: 
Asian stocks fall after Iran missile attack. 
Folks join me in getting @YarmSchool to boycott this racist white-invented production that continues to rewrite Asian/American history and perpetuate violence against Asian women h/t  …
Shoutout to my 7th grade math teacher who expressed disappointment I wasn’t great at math because I should be since I’m Asian  …
took me just six calls on the dialer to talk to a young Asian woman Bernie supporter who wants to volunteer. get on the dialer folks.
I ordered a large in Asian size and it's an extra small??! Is us americans that big?
"604" This the earliest world's zero and base-10 place value number system. This together with Kedukan Bukit inscription found in Sumatra (from the same 604 Caka year or  Era) are the evidences that Southeast Asian people had known the concept of base—10 since 7th c AD.  – at National Museum of Cambodia
LGBTQ icon Holland! Pls support his music, he’s like one of the bravest ever to be openly lgbtq supporter while being in the homophobic asian industry!   …
For someone involved in Asian American journalism, I find it quite ironic that you'd aid in the suppression of the first Asian American guy running for president as a democrat.
#VinciDa finds itself in the top 20 Indian and South Asian film list of Meenakshi Shedde, the acclaimed and veteran film critic who also works with the Berlin International Film Festival amongst others....  …
As a fellow Asian-American I was aghast by this error particularly with you as the spokesperson for the segment. I appreciate this apology but I certainly hope that an on-air apology and correction are  as most your viewers are not on twitter. Thanks, #YangGang.
American people are crazy they think latinx countries dont have immigrants bc theyre too used to thinking of us as a brown american-alien monolith lmfao you can be mexican and asian headass
When I saw that weird Asian guy on the debate stage in June say he was gonna give everyone 1k a month I laughed at it Literally watched the breakfast club interview to see the guys joke him I never knew he would mean so much to me 
[Allkpop] BTS Jungkook has been named the Most Popular Member in Japan by Japan's Largest Korean-Asian Information Site #Jungkook #JK #정국  …
4 clarity, 1) asian hospital doesnt directly sell them, the drugstores nearby do 2) ive looked up the product and yun orig price apparently but the point still stands, capitalists care more abt the profit of their product thats turning out 2 be a necessity given the situation rn 
If you have asian characters in your name, you automatically scare me 
Asian Sunday roast 
I heard earlier today on Fox news refer to Andrew Yang as a POC... He is whiter than I am! So being Asian makes one a POC also?
when ur school has an east asian studies department but the head of the department looks like this 
i don’t like this pic 100%, but it doesn’t matter because i’m with you. you’re one of the most precious and talented people i’ve ever met! the asian sweetheart right? i love you so much shiv 
not me getting blocked by multiple people today because I think that merchandise that capitalizes on an asian holiday should be modeled by asian people
never trust an asian girl with blond hair fellas
You can’t beat Arab or Asian weddings, look at this pureee littttnesss 
ya girl is going to S. Korea this summer just booked for June!! Trying to go around muster any of my oomfies been or bought tickets before? I need tips & tricks! If not a rt would help to find someone who has my first asian country! I’m beyond excited! 
only asian twitter knows how badly we drag these hoes on the internet for saying the n word. swear last week some guy told a girl to go back into  for saying it in fact, most times we take it too far, so pls shut up.  …
I was updating the press pack for my play Hot Asian Doctor Husband and came across a review that mistook my lead mixed race actors naturally curly hair for a wig that “battles against her Asian roots” bc apparently- asian women can’t have curly hair 
Oil Comes Back to Haunt Asian Currencies as Volatility Increases 
Anyone going to also point out that Leanne didn't step forward for any of the white or Asian guys? Nah, thought not...double standards. #LoveIsland
seeing more asian models being booked for big brands like mcqueen really warms my heart. jeenu, rishi and pratik really are that iconic trio, i am so here for this 
Asian Twitter can hold their own corner. I don’t hear noise from them when their kind uses NIGGA uncensored
That Asian lad’s mum when he leaves Love Island 
Goodness Gracious Me! The celebrated British Asian sketch show debuted on television 22 years ago.  
Now say if an Asian were to say “get this n****a off my screen” there would be an outrage. Selective anger. 
This is what happens when your social media team has no diversity. Stop calling the only Asian, Aladdin. Sincerely, The Asian kid that had to constantly endure Mulan jokes  …
Everybody meet my two nieces Naiomi and Kairi, since I never post them ...yea I know they’re Asian and black 
Nas after he gets voted off the villa first and gets disowned by the Asian population 
one time on a first date a guy told me “you might just be the asian pam to my white jim ” like ok, no. obviously you’re michael scott and i’m one of the waitresses from the benihana christmas episode.
Asian twitter if nas  the punching bag of this season, will u write think pieces?
walk into asian nail salons 3 times a week selling bootleg DVD’s
Asian themes are either: 1) avoided when they should be present in beautiful multicultural worlds inspired by ours 2) reviewed by sensitivity readers like myself, @LulaVampiro, @cysdavis, @heofonkoppe, and others AFTER much of the production  3) handled poorly
He said that he didn't want to bring in Asian creators as consultants for the final product. Daniel wanted Asian creators to work on it from the ground up. It seems so simple, but it's something very few major publishers seem to actually be doing. 
Turned on #Loveisland to see the one Asian already be referred to as Aladdin 
Just because he’s Asian he now looks like Aladdin I love a bit of unintentional racial profiling 
"He looks like Aladdin" = "I have noticed that he's Asian"
So peak - only asian guy in the villa and he had to have an arranged coupling #loveisland
You can already tell Nas is gonna be the Asian Anton. #LoveIsland
I dont care if you are Male Female Trans Short Tall Skinny Big Black White Asian Latino Gay Straight Bisexual You can get the "D" all 2020
ITV producers hitting that diversity quota on the head. Caribbean and Asian brother in the villa. #LoveIsland
“East Asian female scholars were especially penalized if they were seen as not being sufficiently maternal.” | Issue 34 | n+1  …
‘We’re giving you chai the same way that people in India take chai’ — These two brothers opened a chai shop in NYC to reclaim the narrative of the South Asian drink 
Some people are outright racists and have negative view of Asian men for no reasons. Asians are probably the most bullied kids at school, they’re being discriminated against in universities and have bamboo ceiling when  to promotions. No one mentions these stuff.
Knowing this, Democratic presidential candidates have to make a strategic choice: Do they go after the majority of the Democratic party (white people), "undecided voters" (white people), moderates (white people)... Or do they appeal to black, Latinx and Asian voters? 
"Such rises [in Asian coal burning] will offset any drop in coal consumption in the European Union." So Europeans are raising electricity prices on themselves for no reason. The same electricity costs more. But weather is the same.  …
The ones who get the least chance to see exo are the ones best at  Asian exols take notes. 
#itmovie #ITChapter2 beverly but i made her asian because i can 
Niece: *Reads words on pin out loud* “Stand with Black women” Me: Yes... Her: what about White women? Me: yes, anyone can stand with Black women. Her: Black men? Asian men? White men? Me: yes, anyone can stand with Black women. Her: what about the Devil? Me:
woman be dating asian boys and be like “with my niggaa” bitch thats Nii-Chan
Here’s A Tip When It Comes To Asian Girls. The Bigger Her Eyelashes The Lesser The Chances Of Her Being Loyal.
why is there not a single asian person being used to advertise LUNAR NEW YEAR merchandise, please explain @Disneyland 
I'm a white feminist & I'm going to say it as loud as I can: If you dismiss or add to the struggles of Black, brown, Asian, gay, bi, trans, or any kind of woman on earth - you're not a feminist. Feminism that isn't intersectional isn't bullshit - it's not feminism.
Happy Sunday! Here’s a special message from our Blax Seoul family sharing their thoughts on why Asian validation should not be a measure of our beauty or day to day thoughts because we are beautiful and worth it no matter what anyone says! Love, BlaxSeoul 
“I’m very be proud to be the first Asian-American man to run for president as a Democrat,” Andrew Yang tells us. “My father grew up on a peanut farm in Asia with no floor and here I am running for president.”  
LMAO skype sessions are always fun never for free though // findomme asian domme foot fetish // 
I wanna know why people not about Asian getting 21.7% of the SBA loans while only being 5.6% of the population Blacks only got 3.3 % while being 15% of the population If the government stop giving them our loans maybe we can open up businesses in 
After Bangkok, Siem Reap & other South Asian airports with their Samudra Manthan depictions I was rather pleased to see this Shankh at our IGIA. About time & look forward to more creativity.
why whenever straight asian men say they're open minded, it just means they're open minded getting freaky and doing 420, but it's never about transpeople's rights.
Instead using Keep ya head up as a diss metaphor she should of listen to it more closely..... Maybe she wouldn't be Asian today  …
Media: @BTS_twt #Jungkook has been named the most popular member in Japan by Japan's largest Korean/Asian information site. “Congratulations to Jungkook, fans and media alike are saying his popularity is truly unrivalled.”  
Hol up. Pokimane isn't Asian???? 
"shocking attack" Police have appealed for information after a 14-year-old boy was stabbed in the back and shoulder. "The victim stated that he was followed to the shop by a black four-door car" The offenders were described as being Asian men  …
Me texting my asian buyer after conducting all of our business on weChat  …
uniqlo is just asian old navy
Asian Americans are just as American as anyone else. Yet we’re so often asked where we’re originally from. If we say we were born here, they always ask, “Where are your parents from?” Yet nobody asks white people which country in Europe they came from. We’re foreigners forever.
Redrew one of my old drawings from 2017-18. I saw a post from @SOZOMAIKA about people calling her a "non black" artist because she uses Asian aesthetics in her work. I honestly think if you grew up anime you're going make it and it will influence #pplneed2takeaseat 
American MLs will tankiesplain eastern european and central asian history to you because"America bad,therefore USSR good because it opposed America" in eastern Europe there are people who have the opposite tendency.Of"if it opposes Russia it must be good" They're both wrong
Pakistan has at all times kept cricket and politics seprate. Even at this point pak would be ready to play cricket with India. India cricketers would be  open-heartedly in Pakistan. Shamefully same can't be said about other south Asian countries.
Add to that the ableism. A woman, SE Asian dr tried to dissuade me from getting pregnant. You think she would have treated Karen that way?
If you’re an asian boy and never done sisha  to king nation
nsfw twt veteran, just want new moots. -17 -asian -hard kinks -hard/soft dom -he/him -HUGE breeding kink -hetero -send me your favorite degrading names -rt to be moots
Y’all are not gonna believe me when I tell you this... But the dude in this couple is white and girl is asian... Y’all had to be at the show last night to believe it.  …
. @AsianLMS Take a look at these #Ferrari cars that claimed the top four places in the GT class at the end of the #4HTheBend Bravissimi ragazzi! Definetly a good way to start the 2020 #CarGuy #HubAutoCorsa @spiritofrace @T2Motorsports Photo credit: Asian Le Mans Series 
South East Asian countries proudly showcase the Hindu heritage. India started doing it very recently, secular liberals can't tolerate even that. Given a chance they will destroy every piece of Hinduness. Dear Hindus, wake up or perish. Do not tolerate Hinduphobia in any form.  …
Not a racist..certainly not a moron...just your average conservative Asian female who loves the POTUS and thinks this is a stupid tweet from a hysterical, vagina driven man.  …
in secondary school our substitute teacher held back all the asian boys after class and told them they were badly behaved because they were brown and then she got fired
I have a tweet that would break Asian twitter but I can’t too much heat
i feel held by asian!rey she feels like home to me 
no hate to daisy ridley but imagine jessica henwick as rey like ... imagine a star wars  by a lead asian woman, a latino man and black man.. THE POWER 
IRAN DID IT AGAIN! Marouf & Iran have booked their 2nd consecutive Olympic appearance after winning the @avcvolley Tokyo Qualification Tourney. The reigning Asian champions defeated hosts China . READ MORE:  #FIVBCOQT Website:  
Oh so yeonjun and hyuka were on this 50 semifinalist in 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 . Ahh i see 
I want an IG report on why there are booby-trapped caves full of solid gold in the Phillippines owned by East Asian secret societies. See, when people say "Deep State" I think about this kind of stuff, not like, Carter Page or whatever  …
[ALLKPOP] BTS’ #Jungkook has been named the most popular member in Japan by Japan’s largest Korean/Asian Info Site #정국 is one of the most popular idols today, so it is unsurprising when several Japanese media, Rank1 & Haryu Korea have ranked him on  …
Two days left for you to voice your objections to @TomPerez at @DNCWarRoom over having an all-white debate on Tuesday when there are two black men, one Asian man and one PI woman still in the primary. The DNC could have changed the debate rules for 2020 and should have.
Cheteshwar Pujara - 248 vs Karnataka: - 13th FC 200 (Joint-most by an Asian) - 7th Ranji 200 (Joint 2nd most) - 50th FC century (9th Indian) - 2nd player with two 200s vs Karnataka - 3rd quickest to 13 FC 200s (198 games) - 4th fastest to 6000 Ranji runs (104 inns) #RanjiTrophy
This little Asian lady that works at Walmart doesn’t know what gender i am so she always calls me “sir-ma’am” and I chuckle everytime.
7. Zayn is an ambassador for the British Asian Trust 
Isn’t time we have an asian superhero 
Artist Opportunity Are you a South Asian artist in UK? Would you like to have your work exhibited in a prestigious London art gallery for free? I’m curating a special exhibition @WallaceMuseum & would love to hear from you email images/portfolio: contact@momtazbh.co.uk 
Young_Asian_loves_handling_Big_Black_Cock.Mp4  …
A new book celebrating the old cinemas of Thailand. Born from the blog of South East Asian cinemas.  @SEAsiatheater Via 
BTS’ Jungkook has been named the most popular member in Japan by Japan's largest Korean/Asian information site  … via @allkpop
1. The Asian Awards 2015: Zayn won an award for outstanding contribution to music 
asian boys wear a turtleneck and grey pants and call it drip
Good evening, BTS are the first & only Asian artist on Spotify to have exceed 8 Billion streams & 7 has surpassed over 137K pre-orders so far on KTown4U while it took Persona over a week to reach that number.. a good day that BTS are their  
My mom always had her own racial theories so I took to make a map with her help: Red - White Yellow - Asian Blue - Black Brown - "abominable creatures" also a quote: "Americans want to attack the Iranians because they're jealous of their white skin" 
The Burma Railway (also known as the death railway) was constructed by c.230,000 Southeast Asian civilian labourers and about 61,000 Allied prisoners of war. About 90,000 civilian labourers and more than 12,000 Allied prisoners died. 
