let’s start a mixed thread i’m half Vietnamese half Asian 
Coronavirus Diaries: Walking with my father. 1. Dad, let's walk. You need to exercise. 2. But don't go out alone because of anti-Asian sentiment. 3. Wear your mask. 4. Also, wear you gloves. 5. Also, wear your goggles. 6. Also, walk 10 feet away from me. 7. And I love you. 
Asian Americans are delusional if they still (after all of this) think the solution to better treatment is America including more POC in our media, government, and corporations when really the solution to better treatment is to destroy America and not let it exist anymore.
I didn’t grew up with a loving family. I feel like any person  from an Asian family & has more than 5+ siblings & their parents are deadass old school generation would know this. They give didnt give us lovey dovey. They gave us heartbreak & say it’s for our sake.
Nak kata I muda sangat macam tak tapi I tak pernah dengar tentang kewujudan Bank Hock Hua! Thanks to Google, I learned that Hock Hua Bank paired with Public Bank after the Asian Financial Crisis. New knowledge indeed. Thanks!
Asian Flu (Originated in China) SARS (Originated in China) H1N1 (Originated in China) Wuhan Virus (Originated in China) Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. Three times is enemy action. We are now at four times and ignoring the dangers China poses to the world.
The Chinese government is awful but an entirely distinct entity from the Chinese people et large Racism against asian americans is reactionary as fuck and the exact wrong response to have
Dutch East Indies 1915-16. Portrait of Antoinette Westerman and her babysitter in Semarang, Central Java in present day Indonesia. Many European children were raised by native maids in Southeast Asian colonies that they grew up speaking Malay or Javanese Via 
The takeaway from Andrew Yang's piece isn't that Asian Americans are already so American that we shouldn't have to prove it. Instead, it is that the US as a nation and being American is inherently violent. We must divest from "being American" and stop clinging to the US empire.
I was at Acme yesterday with my (Asian) family and when people saw us, they pulled their shirts up over their faces. Don’t tell me calling this the “Chinese virus” isn’t racist. It is.
Like don’t  at us Asian like that & Hispanic too. We don’t mf play
can y’all stop find random videos of asian people eating and use it dehumanize an entire group of people or impose your western ideas about what acceptable cuisine is?
This just reminded me back in hs I had to carpool with these two asian kids and I said something and mans was like “huh oh I forgot to turn on my Ebonics translator”
I still live with my parents bc 1. I’m a female Asian. My family is really cultured. 2. Both of my parents are disable so they have me & my other two siblings taking care of them. I have a job, paying my own bills & also helping out paying what’s needed. +
who tf is out here spreading rumors that asian women are docile and submissive HAVE THEY MET AN ASIAN AUNTIE????
Coronavirus could cost the global economy $4.1 trillion - five per cent of worldwide output - Asian Development Bank warns 
Just got off phone w my Mom & she said she had Asian Flu in '57 pandemic & that I had the Hong Kong Flu in '68 pandemic. Combined, these virulent influenza outbreaks took 100k+ U.S. lives, yet no lockdowns. Why? No 24/7 media hysteria. "We had no idea how many people were dying"
This is the most personal essay I have written and the most angry and upset I have felt about anti-chinese racism for a sec. I think it’s important to know how badly Asian people are hurting right now, and the history of being treated like we are diseased  …
Who is worried about Asian American oh yeah Kamala, Mazie and Tammy   …
Democrats: America is white, black, Hispanic, Asian, and - Me: It’s racist to see and treat people differently based on appearance, right? Would you like to end racism? Democrats: Yes Me: Stop forcing everyone to be white, black, Hispanic, and Asian. STOP BEING RACIST
hello as soon as i walked into the sales floor at my job this white woman harassed me for working at daiso but not being asian and when i told her i was asian she got mad
Did I mention that time I was astral projecting as an Asian monitor lizard and nearly came face to face with a cute American?
Asian doll bf  …
Yellow-footed Green-pigeon (Treron phoenicopterus) choosing a fig. A widespread Asian bird #India #Pakistan #Sri_Lanka #Myanmar #China #Vietnam #Laos #Cambodia #Thailand Debraj 
. @kingarthurflour and their recipes. Today’s test is this beautiful “Pillowy White Loaf” - smells and tastes just like my favourite Asian bakeries! Also, I found yeast at my local Asian grocer so there’s a tip. 
why you should watch agents of shield: unique cast badass asian women who are not treated like damsels in distress. the main couple is two white people that aren’t from america and have accents so like even their white people are diverse.
The western countries resisted this concept of wearing a mask for a long time despite Asian countries embraced this concept. Time to change our habit and perception about the use of the mask in public. Not just during the COVID-19.
its international rat day and if i see yall calling asian characters rats i’m going to tell miku ur racist! i will! watch me! hey miss miku
the barber the 
My mom is getting hoax texts from her friends purporting grocery stores will be close from X to Y dates and to stock up now. It's fucked up people make up shit to scare old asian ladies.
“Turtle remains a popular dish in Asian cultures, especially in places touched by British colonialism” hmmmmmm  …
This is my mood for the day. Who wants  worship this beautiful Asian goddess. I'm ready to use and abuse all of you. Step right up, wallets open, betas. Tributes ALWAYS before DM. Methods in bio. @asiandomnation @rt_feet 
Oriental Adventures was influential in so many wrong ways. Like @DeeEmSteve pointed out in his response, it helped perpetuate negative Asian stereotypes that continue to effect Asian gamers to this day. So, in a way, you're right about it being influential?
Joined @MaulikPancholy, @vivek_murthy & @HudsonDYang for an important & meaningful conversation  bullying and hate targeted at the Asian  as a result of the #COVID19 pandemic. Thanks to @ActToChange for hosting.  #coronavirus
They know the reason why they cannot use the N-word. It was used to lynch and murdered thousands of black people in this country. But white men and women think it’s a bird right to continue to use it. No white man or woman Asian or Latinos should use the N-word.  
What’s up with some of these Hollywood FREAKS lately? Oh ... and Madonna’s Asian clone. I wonder why they’ve been posting all kinds of WEIRD stuff on social media during the #coronavirus pandemic? Check out some their accounts. 
A wonderful tribute to an Asian single father, who lovingly brought up his children, cooked, danced and rose in his profession against the odds. Another sad loss.  …
Asian man's are  exercise consume warm water vegetable are wisdom. Obesity are sin. #DezNat #GeneralConference
Trump wants sports  back. He'll be able to watch European soccer and East Asian baseball much sooner than American sports, and he and his  are a huge part of the reason why. 
Face of Asian Virgin Gamer 
There are three ways we can get our lives and economies back: the Italian way (accept the virus and let the elderly and medical professionals die off), the Asian/Central European way (make everybody wear masks), or the deus ex machina way (wait for a vaccine)  …
The zoo staff teaches these baby Asian Small-Clawed Otters to swim after their mom stops raising them. 
watching kdramas, anime movies, reading webtoons, eating lots of snacks from the asian market. I feel happy :3
barbz being xenophobic on the tl... yall DO know that nickis half asian right? 
#jaewin au: rich kids ↳ typical asian-american grad student jaehyun survives off cup ramen and undergrad friends' meal plans. his world turns upside down when international student sicheng moves into the apartment next door. 
Fellow Asian readers of #HBPfic, I must ask a huge favor. In the next chapter it will be mentioned off-hand that Jess Pava did the frickety-frack with a boy in her bedroom. PLEASE SUSPEND YOUR DISBELIEF THAT HER PARENTS WOULD HAVE LET A BOY INTO THEIR HOUSE AT ALL... THANK U
THE SECRET ASIAN QUEEN OF S12 MISS VISAGE KALOKA
Indian and SE Asian fintechs braced for coronavirus storm FINANCIAL TIMES  #fintech #banking #finance @jblefevre60 @labordeolivier @sebbourguignon @danfeaheny @NeiraOsci @Salz_Er @andi_staub @Fabriziobustama @Stevewal63 @janjaapomvlee @maxjcm 
went for a ride this afternoon, it felt very good! i encourage you all, if you can, to take a walk or ride a bike to breathe and enjoy the sun and the fresh air! now tribute for being so awesome ;) ~ FinD asianfindom paypig findom asian moneyslave goddess human wallet ~ 
Or Asian. Or Hispanic. Man alive I'm happy my wife and I didn't set forth such broad personal edicts before meeting each other. Would have missed out on so many blessings. God knows what He's doing. Skin color is just a packaging. The good stuff is all inside like JC Penney!
So I’ve been watching @TimothyDeLaG forever and I just realized he probably brainwashed me into preferring asian men.
Hey #YangGang! I have some outspoken Asian Americans who want to have a discussion about @AndrewYang and  My YouTube channel is about 300 subscribers from the required 1K needed to livestream Can you help me get there? Thank 
Being Asian-American, specifically Chinese-American, is a huge part of who I am. Despite all the hatred, prejudice, bias, xenophobia, racism, whatever nasty words you want to call it...I’ve never been prouder to be Phenomenally Asian . 
I haven't discussed Yang's essay because A) I'm not Asian B) It's quintessential Yang. "Don't wait for others, smile, go and get it done" That's who he is C) A lot of the criticism I'm seeing is bad faith ad hom attacks like this D) Normies will love it  …
The White House press corps is trying to pressure & shame POTUS into wearing a mask, an unnecessary move that would cause instant panic. Did Eisenhower wear a mask during the Asian Flu, which killed far more Americans? Did LBJ wear a mask during Hong Kong Flu, which killed more?
ATEEZ's first ever performance at Mnet Asian Music Awards just reached 5 Million views on YouTube! It is the 1st and currently the only 2019 MAMA performance by a Rookie group to reach this mark #ATEEZ 
half indian, half asian we love mixed gals 
Today (April 4) in 2014 - Zayn suits up for the Asian Awards 
"You are what you eat" Some asian mf: 
Once again dreadful advice from the caretaker government. For centuries masks have been used to contain and limit the spread of viruses. Asian countries who have much greater recent experience of  use them.  …
#Australia: #Canberra to push #China to ban #Wildlife #MeatTrade - Assistant Minister for Multicultural Affairs Jason Wood said it's an "absolute no-brainer" to close down #Asian #WetMarkets due to "barbaric cruelty to #Wildlife" + major health  …
I’m glad that officials are all in for normalizing conscientious mask-wearing in public but I would have loved to see this energy when Asian folks were being harassed for doing the same (and being way ahead of the game on it)
the south  is actually so uneducated when  to racism, you really hate to see it
Saudi oil is sold mainly in Asia and in any event once you start the tariffs game then others can also play it and what's to stop oil producers from imposing tariffs on US/Canadian goods in favor of Asian and European goods? Nothing!  … via @financialtimes
Risks exist for all POC when  to masks & other face coverings. A black man is much more likely to be stopped by police if he's wearing a bandana than a white man would be. Asian Americans could face discrimination related to coronavirus. It's just important to think about
1. Racial fetishism is fetishizing certain racial stereotypes. Ie. liking asian women because of the stereotypes such as they're submissive, asian men because they're exotic. 2. Aesthetics preference is not racial fetishism. Thin line on thin ice, but they're not the same.  …
Watched 2nd half of #blockz w/BF & FF are  “that was better than I expected.” “how did they know to switch from Eng-Tag?” Ayan kasi, sabi ko magstudy ng Tagalog but ayaw makinig—eh di super confused sya ngayon “They don’t look Asian” #JuliaBarretto
An accurate #2020Census would help Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific  in the United States get their fair share of federal funding and political representation in the next decade. 
I wish you all a lovely saturday! I give you mrs fat asian eating! 
One of my favorite Asian/Japanese starfish.. Plazaster borealis aka the tako hitode or "octopus starfish"!  …
I try to keep my personal life off of here. But I  to speak up. I am in an interracial relationship with an Asian male. Today at the grocery store, a random stranger stopped him and asked, "Are you Chinese?".. to which, he responded, "yes" 1/6
Andrew Yang telling Asian Americans that they need to “show their Americanness in ways they never have before” reminded me of this incident, which I wrote about in my book CONDITIONAL CITIZENS. 
What a great informative “Ask Me Anything” panel #Kweli20Virtual & can I say how happy to makes me to see Asian faces?! Leah is an awesome moderator! 
I’m assuming his next article will demand Asian Americans to each give $1000 a month to non-Asian Americans & apologize.  …
Apparently, the way to turn US cities into 'Asian ones' is... basic hygienic practices? Omg, is this why they've been dragging their feet on masks, because it erodes their 'culture' or something!?? 
In fact, adopting Asian urbanist conventions would dramatically enhance the character of American cities.  …
Have you ever been to a city in a rich Asian country like Japan, Taiwan, or South Korea?
if & when the dust clears if we as black people see any of our people patronizing any Asian business, WE ought to disown them--and if all possible banish them from  a hindrance--
I traveled extensively in Asia last year. African youths need to have an Asian experience. An Asian youth can start a business with $50. Very innovative people. They are prosumers. They produce what they consume. Their work ethic is second to none #FreeLeahSharibu #RenosNuggets
I started my career in the late 90s so have lived through the Asian Crisis, Russian Crisis, the TMT bust, the GFC + all the other bear-markets over the past decade. Towards the end of the 00-03 and 07-09 recession induced bear-markets; most weren't thinking of 'buying the dip'.
The effects of Oriental Adventures didn't end in 3rd edition D&D. The stereotypical association of honour and Asian cultures can still be found in 5e on pg 264 of the DMG. Honour is an optional ability that "fits well in a setting inspired by Asian cultures" 
#DontRushChallenge #StayAtHomeChallenge Turkic Asian edition 
can yall please stop putting asian people eating weird things on my timeline i dont wanna see a turtle's head get bit off
This. Like why tf are people so bent out of shape when an Asian person goes viral. Like they always say it’s “fetishization”. Why can’t people just find Asians attractive cuz they are attractive? This is such a weird mindset fr  …
One of the reasons that I am willing to pay money to watch Mulan/Crazy Rich Asian is cause I know that Hollywood is motivated by a simple concept: money. And @jfwong understood & explained that very well in our last conversation.   
I’m ready to smother your ugly faces w/ this perfect asian ass Wallets out bitch boys, I’m taking everything you have { finD asianfindom finsub assworship } 
Stop attacking Asian Americans over a virus. It’s disgusting and shameful.  …
#AMC2020 is going virtual & so is our network gathering Building an Asian American Feminist Movement! More updates soon as we work with co-host @18millionrising to adapt our gathering. In the meantime, apply to participate by Fri, 4/10:  
asian content creators loveeee to over-exaggerate accents when imitating their parents... go on!!! do more tricks for the white man!!!
King Tutankhamun's sandals, under his feet Kushite (Nubian African (Modern day Sudan)) and Asian enemies of Egypt. Bottoms are decorated with images of bound captives from these enemy nations, so the Pharaoh would symbolically be stepping on, destroying his enemies as he walked. 
Asian Americans are taking lessons from a long history of being scapegoated as they push back against bigotry and “a virus of hate” amid the coronavirus pandemic. 
Man sad to say but people are just looking at me and treating me different because I am Asian. Not a good time to be Asian right now because to everyone we are all Chinese
A South Asian woman attempted suicide because she was confined to her home with an abusive spouse. A healthcare worker came home & was beaten by her husband who said she would spread Corona. Domestic violence is on the rise by  …
Anti-Asian racism was so rarely spoken about that when you do bring it up, ppl are upset. They’re like, “Not you too! Another group claim victim? That’s not true! I said chink as a kid and the teachers didn’t say anything!” Now is the time to change that.
#filipinotwitter and also whoever: i never got the chance to take asian-american studies during undergrad (because my school didn’t..... offer it lol); what are some foundational texts i should read?
THIS "Asian Americans are not responsible — in any way — for anti-Asian hate crimes against  We have not invited or incited violence against our bodies. We have nothing to apologize for." ~  …
That time @Varian_Kaveli invited me for her modeling project. Threw some makeup on my face as quickly aa i could and here is the result. I always use @ABHcosmetics Soft Glam palette for my nude asian male looks and it never disappoints 
i still get chills when i remember that fiery "hard carry" performance at asian artist awards 2019. and then they got the daesang for performer of the year afterwards? KINGS. ONLY. #GOT7 #IGOT7 
You're Asian, you don't even go here.  …
Andrew running for President has done more to move the Asian  forward in representation than anyone ever has in politics. I also disagree with his Op-Ed. Both can exist at the same time. Let’s stop being crappy and purist on both sides just because we’re bored.
I don't even think theres an equivalent term for pro-blackness in the South  I suspect they just call  sense. It's only black people that debate these things you know. lol
Trump's anti-Chinese rhetoric fans the flames of anti-Asian sentiments in the US and hurts the  State and local leaders should speak out, @hrw  …
But  they disappear even without smiling? *cries in asian 
So, what you're saying is there aren't enough people of Asian, European, or Middle Eastern descent dying from COVID-19 to please you. Does that about sum it up? I'll have a Makers Mark neat, thank you.  …
Andrew’s op-Ed piece is a reflection of how he sees the world. It’s clear he has a lot of unresolved shame in being Asian due to trauma growing up. I can tell he’s had this burden of feeling like he has to work 10x as hard as everyone else to fit into American culture.
Sebastian Vettel’s 2012  is so underrated. After retiring in Monza he was 39 points behind and then proceeded to win all four races during the Asian leg of the season to put himself back into the lead of a championship he would go onto win. Master of Asia. 
This is a really good article for everyone to read. @Olivia_Rodrigo touches on diversity and representation in the industry and in HSMTMTS. It's important to appreciate the doors being open in an industry that doesn't have a lot of Asian rep (the rep pertaining to her).  …
Paying homage to the legendary DJ PREMIER @REALDJPREMIER #PremierScratchChallenge Check this out guys @skratchbastid @boogieblind @asian_agent @mykie_edwards #premo #djpremier #takeitpersonal #guru #hiphop #djace #cutlieutenant 
Yang says Asian Americans being attacked over coronavirus is 'a heartbreaking phenomenon' | Via: CNN  …
Ind v SL Colombo, Asian Test Championship 1999: Nayan Mongia brilliantly stumps Hashan Tillakaratne. Not quite same as what Ben Foakes did in Dublin but this was a very smart stumping as well. He waited & waited, then just when the foot went outside the bails came off in a flash 
On his podcast @scrowder and I cover such weighty topics as whether Asian Indians are black, why food shortages and bread lines are not cool, and what distinguishes authoritarian socialism from democratic socialism  …
Circuit Breaking means: • Stay at home. • Avoid meeting friends. • Avoid crowded places. • Only go out for essentials. WELL THAT’S WHAT I HAVE BEEN DOING MY WHOLE LIFE BECAUSE I’M ASIAN!
I am curious to weigh how my personal assumptions on some  play out in biz post #Corona . HUL Nestle Titan DMART Asian paints Berger Britannia And Maruti. All with ardent following, concentrated ownership, institutional imperative- everything going.
I’m not blaming @realDonaldTrump for every  hateful act towards Asian. I’m addressing his poor leadership to bring people together as one. S.Korea isn’t doin better than most because technology &medical systems. People are uniting to fight this together. #love
Farooqi (if its the same chap) is known to be former Lashkar-e-Taiba. He was part of the main IS-K split in 2017, where his section was chastised by other IS-K members (mostly central Asian, IMU) for having strong links to Pakistani ISI.  …
I rewatched Insecure and saw Molly with the Asian guy and it had me questioning if I’d turn down minorities too but shit, they ain’t trustworthy either in reality. Black, for me, is safe. It’s where I can be my most relaxed.
how similar are we? 10% - ot7 & yoongi biased 10% - youngest in the fam 10% - don't have an army bomb 10% - never been to a bts concert 10% - loves reading 10% - capricorn 10% - only have a few friends 10% - asian 10% - cat lover 10% - misses bts :(
Sunkissed Asian - Petite Sensual Disciplinarian | @DominaCaittrin | @CaittrinLee Based in Asia’s cosmopolitan city, Singapore & travel worldwide. Enter Her universe & indulge in Her lifestyle. Begin your first chance to serve Her:  
I keep saying the roots of this are racism in that the West is accustomed to dehumanizing Asian faces and bodies and centering only white suffering.  …
Andrew Yang's call for Asian Americans to go all-out to "prove" they're American in the face of racist violence is very familiar to Japanese Americans. The tragedy of Tule Lake Segregation Center shows how badly this approach fails. 
Half Asian , Half Tree 
The right response to Andrew Yang’s terrible take. By @reappropriate “Our American-ness is not up for debate. Our Asian-ness is not an excuse for racist violence. I am Asian and I am Asian American, and I have nothing — nothing — to apologize for.”  …
Bring everything back to America. Just like Trump has been saying all along. Who cares of COGS goes up! Americans deserve American made goods, not cheap, child labor, Asian crap.  …
I knew it was high but did not know that as much as 47% of junior doctors are BAME. FORTY SEVEN PERCENT. 29% Asian, 6% Black, 4% Mixed 3.5% Chinese - All much bigger than proportions in the general population  …
Congratulations to Wang Yibo. He ranked No.10 on 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Source:  
Reality Check: Europe, Mideast and Asian countries have been scrambling for 3 months to secure adequate supplies for their countries. Were health planners unaware? It’s been happening in plain sight. Not justifying Trump’s statement but must consider in context.  …
It was more aimed towards these particular mukbangs as opposed to East Asian cuisine in general, I am sorry to have offended you, and in no way do I condone that sort of behaviour
#JSR is honored to publish this editorial from @LindseyMZhang @AsianAcadSurg re: the experiences of Asians & Asian Americans during the #COVID19 pandemic Work in the Time of Coronavirus  … We are proud to be the official journal of @AsianAcadSurg
Asian girls are like “you guys are lucky you’re allowed out” okay then?? Is it my fault your parents don’t trust you
Well said ⁦ @SadiqKhan⁩: “This virus does not discriminate in who it targets. It doesn’t care whether you are rich or poor, a northerner or a southerner, a Remainer or a Brexiteer, white, Asian or black”  …
We Asian-Americans are plenty patriotic, thank you very much. I demonstrate my patriotism every day, by defending my neighbors against the travesty of bipartisan corporate rule.  …
Japan offers Avigan for free to countries fighting coronavirus Nikkei Asian Review ⁦ @drharshvardhan⁩ Sir Japan is our friend, pl see whether India can get this for a cure ⁦ @PMOIndia⁩ ⁦ @narendramodi⁩ ⁦ @JPN_PMO⁩ ⁦  …
READ: @HelenZiaReal pens a powerful oped about anti-Asian racism during #COVID19 & what history teaches us: "The similarities between the anti-Japanese racism of the 1980s & the current racially charged response to the coronavirus pandemic are  …
Why do they blur out the minge in Asian porn but you can see everything?
Since the Corona outbreak people having been quoting videos of Asian people eating with some heavy racism
I have a huge favour to ask the #Asian #sikh #muslim  of the west midlands. I appreciate this is a massive undertaking as I can't provide dates/location for identity reasons..
asian films with good soundtrack... a short thread...
are u even asian if you don’t have a vanilla cream cake with all the fruit on the top for big family birthdays
London based millionnaire Sir Keir Starmer QC paid by EU during three yrs of the war to deliver Brexit who campaigned against Brexit so walking all over 5 million Labour voters who voted Brexit in the 2016 Referendum - his core vote is Asian in London forget white working class
Asian artists & writers, submit to Stay Home Diary In true zine form, I’m not selecting, I’m posting everything that gets submitted as long as it meets requirements (~200 words, fitting on a A5 page) so submit your doodles, poems, recipes, draft emails, notes app lists 
For those asking what’s the difference between us eating animal meats and those of Asian cultures, here is me trying to explain the difference:
Happy Caturday! Here are a couple of wonderful photos of some of the big cats at Dublin Zoo! of Amur tiger courtesy of Mark Pollock via Twitter of snow leopard courtesy of Martin Wbat via Facebook of Asian lion courtesy of emily_charlotte.official via Instagram 
Asian families have been doing this for decades. One day a month is just washing, chopping and freezing herbs/chutney. Raised to have minimal wastage when  to fresh food.
Fwrd: Abe says Japan aims to approve Avigan as coronavirus treatment - Nikkei Asian Review  …
If you watch India Pak 1992 on @StarSportsIndia which by the way is a great watch you will see the stadium is half full. Tells you how the South Asian diaspora has grown since and how the South Asian takeover of cricket has happened in the last 25 years. @Sanjog_G @Golty
Andrew Yang's WaPo Oped Is Not A Good Look | Tim Black Andrew Yang's Washington Post Oped about Asian discrimination paints a bleak picture for dealing with bigotry during the Coronavirus Pandemic. ► Join Tim Black's WOLFPACK on YouTube TODAY: … 
Are you ready??? I took an average of all the changes & I exclude parks and here are the rankings of BEST to WORST mobility change from base line (change in chart): #1 Taiwan #2 South Korea #3 Japan #4 Singapore #5 Hong Kong Yay to the Asian tigers, esp TW! 
TYPICAL ASIAN REPLY! 
i’m south asian and muslim, so i guess i get to have a say? one produced the movie and the other one casted in their one and did not talk about/promote it in any way whatsoever i understand that neither of them are perfect but to cancel an actor over a role isn’t the way to go  …
If cooning means being smart to not hate someone else JUST because they’re Asian is cooning then call me tapping Dan 
Probably sensible.  in Asian countries and now mandatory in Czech Republic  …
Anti-Asian incidents in United States appear to be spiking as @realDonaldTrump and @SecPompeo promoted their “Chinese virus” and “Wuhan virus” rhetoric. Comment @Diplomat_APAC, by @hrw's @SeashiaVang:  
@WHO sees #schoolclosures as a backbone of #Covid19 management. 89% of the world's students across 188 countries are shut down. Asian schools staying open had Pandemic Offices, PPEs, daily specialist deep cleaning, temperature monitoring, strict protocols, here not enough soap.
I trust the nationalist racists in the UK have noticed that the first 4 doctors to die in the fight against Covid-19 were black and Asian Muslims.
i love being half asian and half pakistani
It's a sad  from LUTH & who's talking about 5G in Nigeria ??? Buh that's by the way, they left Europe, China or Asian continent & other continents & came with the suggestion of their vaccine (s) to be tested in Africa. It's shows how animalistic they think of us
I saw some liberal Asian Americans respond to Andrew Yang’s gross article with “this is why we need ethnic studies” like what???? Ethnic studies are cool and all but do some people really think that’s all we need?!  …
London based millionnaire Sir Keir Starmer QC paid by EU during three yrs of the war to deliver Brexit who campaigned against Brexit so walking all over 5 million Labour voters who voted Brexit in the 2016 Referendum - his core vote is Asian in London forget white working class
Where was woke Asian Twitter when the first prominent Asian US presidential candidate was getting ignored/dismissed/misidentified repeatedly by mainstream media? Silent. The sudden criticisms of Andrew Yang now are the true convenient Asian submissive conformity. What a joke.
If Andrew Yang didn't write a controversial Op-ed would we even be talking about Asian hate crimes as much as we have been? It could be a bad op-ed, which I still believe it was while being a valuable topic to bring to the forefront to encourage discussion on other solutions.
Hypertension,Diabetes,Dyslipidemia,Obesity,Cancers, Depression,Electronic related disorders,Sitting diseases are some of the LIFE STYLE DISORDERS mentioned in literature. In South Asian countries there may be two more life style disorders, they may be Dishonesty and Curruption.
Here's one thing I definitely know. @AndrewYang makes me proud to be Asian, not Eddie. This conversation says it all. I want Andrew Yang to represent me. He embodies all that is good in this world and the beauty of Asian culture that values respect.
The phrase “wet markets” is used more in Asian nations because there are more markets full stop, so you need to distinguish them. Wet markets in places like Australia with few dry markets are usually just called “markets”. “Wet markets” is therefore a dogwhistle.
I like a bit of dramatic prognostication as much as the next man but I feel there must be middle ground between "aren't Asian folk weird for wearing masks" and "I'm never going to a restaurant again".  …
I’ve got a few questions: 1. What is an “Asian-Australian”? 2. How do you use this term and not be a “racist” yourself? 3. Why are you honing in on this during a crisis when on the whole we are a tolerant nation? 4. Are the police allowed to treat everyone equally in Vic?  …
Yes, and more importantly, everyone talking about the Asian model of "containment" or China model of "suppression" forget that most of us are now just about full-on suppression & not sure what the exit strategy is as containment has led to suppression across Asia. So now what?  …
#IndiaFightsCorona: Asian Games & Asian Sailing Championship medalist K.C. Ganapathy urges fellow citizens to not to go out and follow Government instructions on #COVID19. 
#IndiaFightsCorona: Asian Games Medalist Varun Thakkar request people to stay at home, follow #SocialDistancing and help in containing the spread of #CoronavirusPandemic. #StayHomeIndia #StayHomeSaveLives @DDNewslive 
this is the future asian men right’s activist want 
Japanese Americans speak out against Andrew Yang's call for Asian Americans to display patriotism  … via @nbcnews
I'm a proud South East Asian girl. I shower everyday and I wash my ass with water and soap.
asian boys with curly hair on here be like 
My kids are Mexican/Asian. 
This city official recorded a racist rant blaming Asian people in  for COVID-19 — and at press time, was still employed 
Those excoriating Andrew Yang miss this point: a call to embrace "American-ness" does  at the expense of "Asian-ness." They are not mutually exclusive. It means to find SOLIDARITY in the well-being of the nation and doing something to help. Thanks nurse  …
poor leadership, weak institutions, and public distrust have exposed the fragility of Southeast Asian countries who had embraced democratic reforms such as Indonesia, Thailand, Myanmar, and the Philippines in the time of the #COVID19  …
An aberrant Patiria pectinifera, Asian bat star with 6 rays rather than 5  …
LOOK: Soldiers distribute 6,000 relief food packs from the Asian Dev't Bank to residents in Bgy. Hulong Duhat in Malabon. The village chief says most of the residents are pedicab drivers or fishermen who have no livelihood during the #LuzonLockdown (:Phil. 
Exclusive: Major U.S. cancer center ousts ‘Asian’ researchers after NIH flags their foreign ties | Science | AAAS  …
Our zoo family in Dubbo were lucky to get some rain during the week. Here's Asian Elephant Thong Dee and 20-month-old calf Kanlaya enjoying a dip in the pool during the rain. : Keeper Jackie Cantrell ⁣ #tarongatv 
why are asian girls so fine
200404 • ENG TRANS [ASIAN STREET STYLE] NOA WEARS ASIAN STREET W/ DVRK IN APRIL  
Asian people are being subjected to hate crimes. Black people face historic and contemporary racism in hospitals. Natives are forced to deal with a terrifying health service. Undocumented workers get zero benefits from the stimulus. Coronavirus is no equalizer.
Watch the replay of #MMKNotMyDignity tonight. Finalist at Asian Television Awards, with EdukCircle Best Actress, Irma Adlawan. Thank you 
We’ve had SEVERAL customers ask our Asian team members if they have Coronavirus within just the last week. This is absolutely UNACCEPTABLE. We will not tolerate racism, ignorance or hate.
Fashionably late #dontrushchallenge asian edition with my girls #Montreal 
rt/reply to be in an asian stay gc <3 - 14+ - reply with ur ethnicity !! - skz + ggs free pass - lets get close <3 - selective + starkys are not allowed - pls be funny if this flops im sending mẹ của em 
we got takeout from a local asian place and the text they sent is making me so sad 
#comedy! Chef #e40 teaches you how to make his ramen 
For many citizens in Asian countries, particularly in China, wearing masks has been a part of every day life for a long time, possibly because of high levels of pollution or other reasons. Did it prevent the spread of #COVID19 ? The answer is NO.
★ ★ ★ ★ You are No.1 rock'n roll Asian, THE YELLOW MONKEY !!!!! 
When "The Situ-Asian" took FLIGHT @MartinNguyenMMA #WeAreONE 
i love being half asian and half pakistan 
Asian flu 1957 was a coronavirus HK flu 1968 was a coronavirus Sars 2002 was a coronavirus Swine Flu 2009 was a coronavirus MERS 2012 was a coronavirus Covid19 is a coronavirus Like all others it will disappear in thin air. In the meantime stay safe but plan for an economic boom.
Thank you for waking me up from what would have been a lifetime of political apathy. I appreciate everything you have done for all Americans (and Asian Americans). I wish safety and health to you, @EvelynYang, and the boys!
the asian gc loves you!! 
DIY masks are NOT effective against the virus. East Asian countries know this, and gives each citizen a certain amount of medical grade masks per week. Looks like the USA doesn't care, not surprising. 
1/2 Filipino 1/4 Asian 1/4 Cup of Rice 
an asian person goes viral and it’s “y’all only like them cuz they’re cute” +attributing the attraction to fetishism and trying to explain why they don’t Deserve the clout.... but those white tiktok boys go viral every day n it’s crickets .. im noticing that  …
i really want y’all to stop posting asian ppl eating miscellaneous creatures on my timeline
I’m not liking how asian people that go viral for just posting their pics are being lumped together and being held responsible for getting clout they never asked for. Attacking them for what exactly??
Citrus in Fitzroy is still doing takeaway and it’s the most delicious/best value South Asian food you can get. If you can, chuck them some love 
@lisaling My daughter is Asian.... She was harassed also by an evil ignorant man... Who happens to wear a maga cap... This is a hate crime.... This is so WRONG... EVIL..VILE.. IGNORANT I am so very sorry you also have to endure this harassment  …
they literally eat turtle soup and hog intestines in the US south, in france they eat fish eggs and duck liver and snails, in spain they eat sheep stomach, in northern germany they eat baked pig’s blood, but for some reason this video is weird bc she’s asian lol  …
#Corona is Airborne on the wind and air-conditioning for hours?!? So wait.. all Asian Countries were RIGHT when they're Spraying everything daily to kill #Coronavirus?! Good thing America isnt weren't not Testing much either  …
dont they eat turtles, possums, snakes, and crocodiles in the south? when a white person does it, its using provided resources when an asian person does it, its disgusting and we're savages fuck your ethnocentrism. dont judge another culture based on false, racist accusations  …
With racist attacks on Asians during #COVID19, @MGHRadDiversity @mghcdi @JimBrinkMD will hold a Virtual Discussion: "Confronting Xenophobia and Supporting Our Asian Community During #COVIDー19" Thur(4/9, 12-1 PM).Join us! @RADiversity @arghavan_salles @AliRaja_MD 
I am working with leaders in Congress to make sure Hawai‘i’s farmers,  and homeowners are secure through this crisis, families and workers can afford to put food on the table, and that we stand against the anti-Asian bigotry surrounding this pandemic.
finding asian men genuinely attractive and having a preference does NOT mean you fetishize them some of y'all need to realize-
Thank you to the AAPI leaders who joined me today! In these tough times, I'm especially thinking of our  who have been victims of hatred & racial violence. It's going to take us all working together to recover, and we will not stand for discrimination. 
Been working with @apamsa students at @IcahnMountSinai to connect med students with residents at local Asian senior homes to provide support through 1:1 phone calls, and we're looking for more Chinese and Korean speaking volunteers! 1/n
This is the kind of CRAP the President and his #CoronaVirusTaskForce have to deal with... What a B******...!!!! Who is this asian female person is? Anyone have her network affiliation, her name, and her twitter address? 
okay but hawks would do this w japanese and asian 
Japan to declare state of emergency 'any day': LDP official  (Nikkei Asian Review)
People who are mad at Chinese markets and Asian cultures for eating stuff they aren’t used to are just so ignorant to global cultures. Not every country is privileged enough to have a structured FDA.
worst fucking asian american living except for maybe the one who helped bush justify war crime, am I missing any recent obvious examples  …
I was talking to an asian guy and he asked me what my HUG count was :):):):)
We just brought our APA TVLI to Pennsylvania for the 1st time - virtually! Had great conversations with South  leaders - can’t wait to visit PA soon!  …
This is my son. He's 8 weeks old today. It makes just as much sense to blame him for the #COVID19Pandemic as it does anyone else with any form of Asian background. Stop it Australia. 
"There are a lot of fantastic Asian American writers  out and  out in 2020..I hope that the stories and the poetry and artwork  out can act as a counterweight to the hate." (a snippet of my NBC interview!)  …
Opinion: Andrew Yang was wrong. Showing our "American-ness" is not how Asian Americans stop racism. 
today i learned that the UK government apparently just classifies all east asians as "Chinese" and all south asians as "Asian" 
s/o to all the midwest asian families who only bought american cars in the 80's even though they broke down all the time because vincent chin was murdered less than a few hundred miles away from you. that's how we found out wearing red white and blue don't mean sht.
Eddie used a disgusting racial slur against another Asian. I think that says enough about Eddie right there. #Hypocrisy
you speaking as a creole? Because I am speaking as a creole & my mother not grandmother nor Great grandmother all born and raised in the French quarter 7th ward has never ever cooked a turtle! Bat or dog & it’s not racism to share videos the  creates and shares
"Asian governments that appeared to be bringing the coronavirus under control are imposing new social restrictions as the numbers of infections — many from overseas — continue to rise."  …
I’m grateful to have three poems in this book, THE WORLD I LEAVE YOU: Asian American Poets on Faith and Spirit, alongside lots of poets whose work I admire so much. Here is one of them. 
*Millions of overwhelmingly brown, black and Asian people, of course. The racialised underclass will be cemented in this country after this.
I think it's useful to unravel "anti-Asian racism" into the two categories in which it exists in the spotlight right now: political strategy and interpersonal violence
The two survivors from this case were offered aftercare at the Refugee Immigrant Center-Asian Association of UT. O.U.R. is grateful to partner with and support AAU. As we all stand together, we can strengthen the fight against human trafficking.  …
[ARTICLE]'We Need Hope&Unity More Than Ever':Asian-American Artists Weigh in on Coronavirus Impact Asian-American Artists inclu Jay Park #박재범 voiced their opinions on climate that xenophobia in the age of the Covid-19 has created  … via 
Stereotypes are harmful, even "positive" stereotypes. For example: Not all persons of Asian descent are hyper-intelligent. Some are quite stupid.  …
If the Philippines can contain its local COVID-19 outbreak by midyear, the economy will still grow by a slower 2 percent in 2020, the Asian Development Bank (ADB) said Friday. |  …
R3 Teams With Custodian Hex Trust to Help Asian Banks Sell Security Tokens  … #xrp #XRPCommunity @BankXRP @Kevin_Cage_ @WorkingMoney589 @XRP_OWL @xrp_stuart @Paisan26849860 @digitalassetbuy
I love that so many woke peeps getting riled up about "white supremacy based Asian racism" when nearly every video on twitter of AsAms getting verbally abused, beat up, and hate crimed on is by black perpetrators. Funny that. Doesn't really fit the woke narrative does it.
CBS reporter. She is the Asian American reporter that a WH official used a Asian slur when speaking to her.
This week, I announced a resolution with my colleagues condemning the hateful attacks against Asian Americans and Asian immigrants. We must stand together with our sisters, brothers, and friends.  …
My takeaway from witnesses & trial transcripts--one reason Vincent Chin was killed is because of his "American-ness." He didn't fit Ron Ebens' stereotype of an  Asian male and that fueled Ebens' rage. The problem is racism, not us. 
So, @AndrewYang is catching heat for his op-ed piece and I get that. But really, the man can't do anything to support other Asians without getting shunned by the very Asians he's trying to support. He's either viewed as too white for Asian people or too Asian for white people.
In light of the recent attacks against @AndrewYang’s remarks regarding racism against Asians, I would like to share with you all this video the  made for @AndrewYang after he left the race. We still appreciate you @AndrewYang no matter 
Progressives can call me a racist all they like but if a little black or Asian girl was beheaded in a park by a white person this would be world news and they'd be screaming from the parapet. White deaths are irrelevant, even children.  …
Donald Trump’s reason for not wearing a mask is he doesn’t want to look weak. Which, just like his insistence on being racist led to Asian Americans being attacked, is going to make a bunch of mouth breathing morons act like idiots and end up getting people killed.
Andrew Yang is severely mistaken if he thinks the lesson we should take away from our history is that Asian Americans can, or should, escape racism by appealing to racists.  …
respectability politics has not saved black people in this country and it's definitely not going to save Asian American people.
Simple, it’s bc the music industry thinks they’re a niche group geared toward a niche target audience. They just dnt think the mass audience wants to listen to “foreign Asian music” (even though music is universal ) which is highly prejudicial.
Sadly hilarious. Asian Americans have literally wrapped themselves in the American flag in times of anti-Asian racism; worn American flag pins; donated to white victims of disasters; worn “I’m not (relevant Asian ethnicity)” pins; and it doesn’t matter. Never apologize—organize!  …
WHICH ASIAN ARE YOU? 1. THE ASIAN SKEWERING YANG ON HIS VIEWS ON ASIANS 2. THE ASIAN SKEWERING ASIANS SKEWERING YANG'S VIEWS ON ASIANS 3. THE ASIAN NOT SAYING SHIT IN PUBLIC, THEREBY DOING THE MOST ASIAN SHIT EVER
I’m sick of seeing racist remarks be made at Asian Mukbangers. ShE’s PrObAbLy UpSeT sHe’S nOt EaTiNg A bAt Man shut up. You’re racist. Are you proud?
This how asian parents see you black ass niggas when you dating they daughters 
and Q posts. Q tells us that what occurred in SA will occur here and in Europe and Asia. Q later asks in post 118 who is the financial backer for human trafficking and who is the broker? Financial backer...billionaire elites from European, US, Asian and Saudi families... 
Several artists of Asian descent voiced their opinions on the climate that xenophobia in the age of the #coronavirus has created Below, read what they told us, in their own 
don’t perform nationalism out of fear. enact collectivism as human beings going through a crisis together. rise above, educate, remain steadfast in knowing that an asian american is part of the fabric of this nation. so help each other as you would anyhow because you’re american.  …
Oregon leaders  together in support of the Asian  who are our co-workers, neighbors, friends, and family. We have zero tolerance for anyone who would discriminate against  and this is one way we can stand together. Our Call to Action 
Today, I was proud to join @AJCGlobal & AJC Chicago to stand in solidarity with the Chinese-American and  in Chicago, the state of Illinois, and across the country.
The person who is wrong here is @realDonaldTrump who is inciting hate saying “China Virus” but instead of standing up to him youre asking us to bow our heads and fly the colors. Asian Americans deserve a leader that doesnt buy into the feeling that we arent American enough.
A lot of us are VERY upset because you are for better or worse the biggest voice in Asian America today and you advised people to present ourselves as more American when we’ve done nothing to warrant questions of our Americanness.
For anyone interested in the history and overall themes of Asian American psychology broadly, I would highly  this paper.I reference it all the time in my own work. Perpetual foreigner, model minority myth, Yellow peril, mental health stigma, etc  …
Asian Americans don’t have to prove their Americanness to anyone  …
“We Asian Americans need to embrace and show our American-ness in ways we never have before. We need to step up, help our neighbors, donate gear, vote, wear red white and blue, volunteer, fund aid organizations, and do everything in our power to accelerate the end of this crisis”
To every asian mum 
Asian family stabbed in a coronavirus related hate crime. Woke Asians: *crickets* Andrew Yang writes an op-ed. Woke Asians: Yang is an Uncle Chan! #AntiAsianRacism fight racism!!! We’re under attack! Asian family still needs help. Woke Asians: I hate Yang!
and just like that, they forgot all about anti-Asian racism again lather rinse repeat
I am seeing a pattern .I went for a walk alone, lucky for me I live in a beautiful place in the country. Two cars pulled up 8 People got out all Asian Men went for a walk they do what they want.
I honestly don’t know how I got tagged in all of it but my mentions are somehow filled with white people explaining anti-Asian racism to an Asian man. I don’t know how to aggregate the tweets, but if someone could, they’d have a master class in the caucasity of whiteness.
Got the opportunity to speak to @billboard about current times and being an Asian American artist. Let us stay strong, stay healthy, stay hopeful & United Read full article:  
@benraylujan believes in equal pay for equal work, but: For every $1 a man makes, a woman makes $.81 For black women it's $.62 For Native American women it's $.57 For Asian American & Pacific Islander women it's $.92 For Latina women it's $.54. UNACCEPTABLE! 
This city official recorded a racist rant blaming Asian people in  for COVID-19 — and at press time, was still employed 
When I said Andrew Yang was suspect the Yang Gang predictably pushed back. Read  at the end and see if you can keep that same energy. "Andrew Yang: We Asian Americans are not the virus, but we can be part of the cure"  …
Highlights of the two-legged final of the Asian Super Cup 2000, when #AlHilal beat “Shimizu” team away in Japan in the 1st leg, and the 2nd leg ended in 1-1 draw in Riyadh. ENJOY  #AlHilal_Video #StayingHome
Japanese Americans are criticizing Andrew Yang's call for Asian Americans to display patriotism during the coronavirus pandemic. - @NBCAsianAmerica 
I remember when Yang told an Asian American audience that severe economic distress would cause white supremacists to shoot up Asian churches and businesses. And people got pissed at him for it. But Yang is an "Uncle Chan" now?
@AOC, WV started in Communist China, an Asian country. So much for your race-baiting, I can see why you would like to protect  comrades. ”Color carries no moral or political quality-Frederick Douglass.” We are one country, it time you start defending America.
Some Asian-American faith leaders are speaking out to denounce the current rise in overt anti-Asian racism throughout our country: "We invite all Americans to join us  these contagions and work with us for the welfare of all."  …
Breaking: Liberals riot after former Asian-American presidential candidate fails to express sufficient outrage about racism against Asians.
Yang says Asian Americans being attacked over coronavirus is 'a heartbreaking phenomenon' | Via CNN  …
DON’T BE RACIST!!! Two Australian sisters were called “Asian dogs", spat on, and racially abused in a coronavirus-related incident. 
For Japanese Americans, Andrew Yang's call for Asian Americans to "show our American-ness"  COVID-19 racism is reminiscent of what their families were told when they were imprisoned in WWII concentration camps. My latest for  …
You tellin me you though sis was half Asian half veterinarian?
Laundromat Faima Bakar downplays a Real Epidemic of ‘Asian’ Grooming Gangs and cries wolf about invented ‘Islamophobia’, which word is invented by Muslims to protect Muslims from scrutiny of any kind. People who know , cannot be fooled anyway.  …
Tune-in alert: I'll be live on The @MSignorile Show on @SXMProgress (Channel 127) at 4:05 p.m. ET today to discuss Andrew Yang’s call for Asian Americans to prove their Americanness and my thoughts on the Trump administration’s response to the coronavirus pandemic.
The  from China does not mean that those of Asian descent should be feared, targeted & attacked. Rethink your morals. We’re all humans. We’re all fighting this together. If you’re a racist who is afraid and physically attacking other people, why are you out? Go home.
Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. Epidemiologists and public health experts in Asian countries and regions that have handled this outbreak a lot better than the UK have spoken FOR the use of facemasks. Czech Rep. Austria and Slovakia are mandating them.  …
The coronavirus pandemic is fueling attacks against Asian Americans, with more than 1,000 reports of hate incidents ranging from racial slurs to spitting to physical assaults over the past two weeks.  …
the most subversive, stereotype-decimating thing you can do as an asian american rn is just be your regular ass, authentic, multidimensional self. love abundantly & live w/o having to bend to whatever dumb notions of americanness or fitting in or whatever tf there are.
BREAKING - Singapore, the country with the 'gold-standard' response to #COVID19, is now locking down non-essential businesses and schools after 10 weeks of successful containment. The initial successes in the containment of the virus begin to fade in Asian countries.
pssst. i think there needs to be some nuance up in asian america rn. PLAYING the victim and BEING a victim are  different things. if you think asians are PLAYING the victim rn you are out of your gd mind i hope kimchi juice gets in your eyes.
Singapore, which has been widely praised as having the 'gold-standard' response to coronavirus, is now introducing a lockdown of businesses and schools after 10 weeks of successful containment. There is a trend of Asian countries now ramping up measures, after initial successes
WATCH: Two Australian sisters were called “Asian dogs", spat on, and racially abused in a coronavirus-related incident  
I'm prouder to be Asian-American than ever.
You jumped to say how horrible East Asian "meat culture" is, and only brought up that you felt the same way about Western practices when you were probed. Seems like you're a little more enthusiastic about pointing out other cultures' weaknesses than improving your own culture
If I can add any value to this discussion it’s probably this observation: Western reluctance to learn from policy successes in developed Asian countries is a *general* phenomenon and not specific to coronavirus or infectious disease.
10 Ways Asian-Americans Can Prove Their Americanness 
COVID-19 has affected everyone and, in a way, brought us all together. With the fear of the virus, COVID-19 has also brought on more racism and hate crimes against those of Asian decent. In this time of crisis, why cause more division? Stand up for others. Be kind to everyone.
The worst thing about coronavirus (not actually the worst thing about coronavirus) is having to admit your super extra Asian mom was right this whole time  
This response from Andrew Yang about anti-Asian racism is absolutely unacceptable. Show our Americanness in the year 2020? 'Scuze me?  …
1/3 Chinese 1/3 Asian 1/3 ch*nk 
In case you missed it, @PCH_SF who has worked closely with @sfbuild was joined by Dr. Russell Jeung of @sfsu on a ABC news panel discussing the spike in Hate Crimes against Asian Americans. Watch the full segment here:  @SFStateGradstdy @ucsfcvp 
Steven Daines, (R) MT, moved his family to Hong Kong & China for six years opening factories to expand Procter & Gamble's Asian business. In essence outsourcing jobs in the US to China. People of Montana deserve better, Elect Steve Bullock to the Senate #wtpSenate 
I was honestly about to tweet something similar, except swapping out Asian-American with Mexican-American. It's basically what Edward James Olmos said in Selena - we have to be more American than the Americans and more Mexican than the Mexicans.
Final Fantasy 7 was released in 1997, around the same time as Toonami. Together, it was an explosion of Japanese pop in the West. It was steeped in modern Asian culture, and popularized its cyberpunk vision Final Fantasy 7 is the millennial Blade Runner.  …
Eddie you were silent when he was blacked out in the media for being Asian, contributed to the negative dialogue, and then jumped on the bandwagon when he suspended. He denounced “Chinese Virus” term, spoke out against racism, and raised millions towards COVID relief. Step up.
China donated 1.2 MILLION masks to the U.S. while you Americans out here being racist, beating up and stabbing Asians that “look Chinese.” Which to y’all is any Asian person  across. Smfh.
Asian American Twitter only exists when Asians are pissed off at Andrew Yang. Other than that it's crickets and utterly lethargic. Asians need to galvanize and fight racism in any way possible and stop internal bickering.  …
I'm looking forward to finishing my painting of an Asian American woman putting gloves on to treat patients. Asian Americans are Americans. We shouldn't have to wear red, white, and blue to avoid harassment. Shame on Andrew Yang! 
Something this made me realize, we see a lot more footage in the west of how east asian countries raise their animals for food than we do of our own, wonder if that has to do with the billions spent on AG-GAG laws making it illegal to film how animals in the US are treated?
And guess what? All of my misunderstood “racist” patients are some of my most loyal, obedient patients and they respect me. It takes patience, love, tonguebiting & understanding but the end result is another human knows an Asian person that they’re not going to racially hate on.
The ACS strongly condemns recent discrimination seen against Asian members of the health  during the pandemic and offers unflagging support in trying times.  on discrimination during #COVID19:  #ACSCOVID19
On Sunday join @AlbertLee2020, @VoteAshcraft, @donnaimamTX and I for an Asian American Congressional candidate townhall. Where we’ll discuss #COVID19 and xenophobia towards the  during this 
The bitter irony of #maskingwhileAsian in the time of #coronavirus: I wear a mask to help protect those who are most vulnerable to #COVIDー19 yet make myself more vulnerable to #xenophobia & anti-Asian #racism. 
Andrew Yang is Wrong: Respectability Politics Won't Save Asian Americans from Racist Violence  … via @reappropriate
Jeff Sessions, in a primary runoff to be the GOP nominee for his old Senate seat, calls Covid-19 "the Wuhan virus," using the same language his frenemy in the WH used & which provoked incidents of violence against Asian Americans.  …
Imagine being an Asian girl and still wearing bright blue contact lenses in 2020
If you've ever enjoyed the Asian food scene in LA, if you want to keep eating at mom-and-pops when this is all over, pls donate, if you have anything to spare.  …
The US is increasingly stirring sinophobic, xenophobic, and flat out ignorance regarding the world and China's role in it. Hate crimes against Asian Americans is up 100%, and woke liberals parotting these false narratives and racist stereotypes are absolutely responsible 
It's Friday Again! Here is a THREAD of some Asian martial arts, thrilling, tactical and action packed movies over the past 10 years.
. @AndrewYang victim-blaming Asian Americans is not okay. Several people have been physically harmed for literally just existing, and being Asian. Your sentiments ignore & feed into the problem.
so i made a manip out of boredom,, sorry to the asian boys whose heads i replaced 
When the  see’s u with the opposite gender  …
Instead of ridiculing an Asian man for having an opinion on his Asian-ness, why don’t we discuss the arguments for and against the Exposure Method as a way  racism?
After Donald Trump’s inappropriate and racist efforts to “rebrand” this disease, we continue to see a spike in rhetoric and actions against the Asian  because of misguided fears surrounding the #COVID19  …
I reject AmeriKKKa. I reject being AmeriKKKan, and furthermore I reject the desire to be. and this is the most liberating and most ASIAN thing I have ever done.
The cost of the coronavirus pandemic could be as high as $4.1 trillion, the Asian Development Bank says 
1. 32 isn’t old 2. She’s black and asian so she’s going to look like this well into menopause 3. Marry me Jhené  …
He was the one Asian at the all white cookout in the movie Get Out...  …
Here’s my WaPo Op-Ed: Asian Americans and People of Conscience, we are also facing a rising curve of racism, hate crimes and xenophobia. Must also take precautions for THIS virus!  …
there’s a wet asian down the tl getting dragged for being racist we love to see it :’)
Let me just unzip my Asian American skin for Andrew Yang and slip on something that will make him a little  This nice full body white skin at a mint age of 34, and we’ll see if I am American enough for him. 
can i call kavos racist, homophobic, and misogynistic bc he's arguing with an asian gay girl
With the fear and uncertainty of #coronavirus, there's been a spike in disinformation and harassment of Jews, Asian-Americans, and immigrants. Urge your members of Congress to fight hatred and bigotry  …
The Chinese food place on my block had been in business my entire life. They always had more than enough customers. They recently had to close, permanently, due to racism and lack of business. Andrew Yang's solution is for them to act less Asian. I never trusted that dude...
I’m working my way through 1983’s Love Lines, which is a fascinating read, and I came across this image of a cover that stopped me dead. Does this look familiar to anyone? I’m trying to think of anyone writing an Asian male character in the 80s  up blank. 
Scapegoating Asian immigrants and Asian Americans did nothing to save the U.S. auto industry in the 1980s. It won’t provide the scientific advances and government leadership necessary to slow the spread of covid-19 now, writes 
AsAm cancel culture makes me ashamed to be Asian. The way people are so quick to throw others under the bus. It makes me not want to be Asian or participate in politics... but I can't stop being Asian American and not participating in politics means I'm not helping create change.
#HATEISAVIRUS | @sarajbenincasa "If you are Asian American and you are feeling the tension in the air or getting harassed these days, there are plenty of us out here who don’t share your ethnic background but do share your belief that racism is fuckshit." 
I went to the grocery store with my wife. We ran through, safely using hand sanitizer. I helped. It’s sad to say, but I could visibly see people dodge her. In the era of Trump’s bungling and racism, apparently nothing is more scary than an Asian woman in a mask.
“White Bastard” Racist attack at his home leaves a dad of two beaten & bruised in front of his family. Marc White was followed home by a vehicle & then attacked at his home by four men he described as “Asian” & being in their mid-20s.  … 
if you could move to one asian country which would it be? 
@AndrewYang has been smeared and criticized for  on Asian Americans as it relates to their place in this country. I offer some perspective from my immigrant, great grandfather. We are all Americans. We are all in this fight together. #HumanityFirst 
2004 – British Asian Guild Award for Best Actor of the Decade @iamsrk SRK FOR 
7. 2004 – Time magazine selected @iamsrk as one of 20 "Asian Heroes" under the age of 40 SRK FOR INDIA 
No harm on this tweet please . I didn't said tht this leg thingy is Asian thingy. I mentioned Asian at the first place because im Asian. it doesn't matter right if you're Asian or not and you did this. love you all
Oh for FFS Asian Americans do not have to PROVE their worth during a pandemic 
"Now, [Western countries] run the risk of rejecting the best practices  the pandemic as they imagine 'Asian solutions' that can never be replicated in their countries."  …
Consider that on the census, Americans are encouraged to racialize themselves, to balkanize by ethnic group. “American” is not a category on the American census. We can’t ask Asian-Americans to lean into a void, or to “act white” as if that’s what it means to be American. (3/4)
A key issue with Yang’s argument that Asian-Americans lean into American-ness is that America hasn’t developed a non-racialized ethnic identity for all Americans to share. Due to slavery/segregation, Whiteness has  strongly (and wrongly) conflated with American-ness. (1/4)
"My grandmother kisses as if bombs are burning in the backyard" In celebration of Asian-Americans and the diaspora, I'm going to share #30daysofasianpoets for #NationalPoetryMonth, starting with this tenderness from Ocean 
Ngl I thought “herro” was trending for some racist Asian ish .
Why is there Asian twitter beef everyday on the tl bruv, give it a rest man
Follow our latest #coronavirus coverage here:  -- Singapore shuts work and school -- Tokyo governor interview -- Bargain-hunting in Asian markets
Assuming this is referring to eastern Asian culture, it is absolutely justified to be horrified by how they treat their animals, whether you’re vegan/vegetarian/omni, especially when they purposefully make a spectacle of it.
No one: No one at all: Not a single soul: Andrew Yang: ASIAN AMERICANS NEED TO TRY HARDER TO BE AMERICANS SO THE AMERICANS WILL LIKE THEM
‘PeNg fOr An AsIaN’ I’ll fucking move to your dad fuck off  …
Im not even Asian but I do it too 
I'm not Asian, so I'm gonna sit this one out #yanggang. I've had experiences where I felt attacked, but others couldn't relate. But I will say, @AndrewYang is the best man I've never met and probably doesn't feel great about hurting anyone. We know that!! #HumanityFirst
My twin was telling my dad where the evaporated milk was(using my mum’s phone) and she was SOOO sarcastic at describing the fridge cos my dad is a typical Asian dad who never ever steps into the kitchen till the food is all cooked. Is anyone else’s dad as clueless as mine? 
hi! not ʳᵉᵃˡˡʸ new to nsfw twitter, let's be friends? • bleu • she/her, they/them • bi • switch (dom+) • soft dom • minors dni • soft and hard kinks • asian ♡ RT to be moots, DMs 24/7 open !! 
I'm talking about all you Asian celebrities in Hollywood, Social Media, YouTube etc. You're so focus on your own brand that you don't stand up for your own people. Asian people have been victims of hate crimes for months now and all you fucks were radio silent, where is the
How primitive is this country that China and S. Korea and a host of Asian countries are disinfecting the streets, public transport and hospitals, yet we have to carry our own box of disinfectant wipes around with us just to wipe the handle of the chemists door?
Asian BBQ short ribs Ingredients 800g short rib 1 Tb soy sauce 1 tsp oyster sauce 1 tsp Chinese 5 spice 2 Tbsp vinegar 2 tsp meat tenderizer Marinate over night. Grill or fry to your liking on high heat. 
How Asian activists are fighting successfully for a more inclusive and effective feminist movement:  via @ips_journal
Willie and Marley, the small-clawed Asian otters swim in the big pool for the first time. 
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Final Battle 5th Update – V and Jungkook Surpass 6 Million Votes 
Andrew Yang calls for Asian-Americans to "prove" how American they are. For a young dude, he sure sounds like my parents and grandparents generation of immigrants. Also, he's wrong. You can never do enough to "prove" you belong.  …
My Asian American family, you don't have to t prove your "Americanness". The  already traveled down that path of respectability politics so you don't have to, it is harmful to you and won't persuade a racist of anything. Be you and let's walk in solidarity.
UK is the first country in the COVID surge with a significant South Asian population. If there is a signal it needs to be thoroughly investigated as it can be a forebearer to the Indian Subcontinent with 1.8 Billion people @kamleshkhunti @singhak_endo @docanoopmisra  …
Man nobody wanted to help this asian lady jump her car at Walmart dats fucked up lol i had too. This virus got niggas bein inhumane
I talked to @MichelleWKwan about #COVIDー19. "How it was called the China virus, it is very upsetting. A lot of people who have gone to the store right now, if you're Asian American, Pacific Islander, it's like it's your fault, and that is not acceptable."  …
Heartbreaking news: Liyna Anwar, @latimes journalist and @AAJA member who waged a public fight with cancer, has died at just 30. Her #SwabForLiyna campaign raised awareness of the hurdles people of South Asian descent face in finding a bone marrow match.  …
I'm not Asian but I stil do that shhshe
*sigh. Okay. I maybe need to tell you that Andrew Yang lives on an uncritical ahistorical planet of his own mind of internalized racism and conveniently forgets... basically the entire history of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders and other people of color who, 1/
Oxford Prof. @trishgreenhalgh (FBPE type) assumes the 5 dead Muslim NHS doctors/nurse were all South Asian. They were African/Arab/Pakistani. No NHS Hindu deaths yet. This suggests Islam related factors (eg mosque spread) should be investigated. As Trish says, we must act fast.  …
Andrew Yang says Asian Americans being attacked over coronavirus is "a heartbreaking phenomenon"  
It’s really tough being of Asian background right now. All these racist attacks against people of Asian descent are just as harmful as the Coronavirus itself.The National Cabinet should  to States & Territories to legislate against these racially motivated attacks.
I’m reading @cathyparkhong’s excellent and exacting new book MINOR FEELINGS: An Asian American Reckoning. “When I hear the phrase ‘Asians are next in line to be white,’ I replace the word ‘white’ with ‘disappear.’”  …
Apparently East Asian people have a greater prevalence of ACE2 receptors by which the virus enters cells. Men have slightly more too. I’m not sure if the source of this table but it’s worth retweeting to your followers debating this question 
Stop fetishizing asian women
Now I want a film about an asian guy going on an adventure to uncover secret art of Scottish log throwing 
person: I like writing a character who is soft and sweet rando on the internet: oh so ur INFANTILIZING ASIAN MEN
Team in Leicester working on rapid review on ethnicity (most particularly South Asian pop) and COVID-19
why is it always white characters being mentored by mysterious asian martial arts masters and never asian characters  medieval era jousting champions
US CDC data says chronic renal failure the strongest RF for poor  I wonder if this the link? Higher risk of CVD & DM in S Asian people in turn creating higher risk of CRF and therefore poor Covid  
If Cory Booker said this regarding black Americans all hell would break loose. We shouldn't have to "prove" ourselves being American and neither should anyone of Asian ancestry. This was a terrible take, Andrew.  …
Actor Choi Minho' s movie will be released in several territories including The Philippines. What a happy news.! Watch out other Asian countries and Europe, too! After USA, here we go! #BattleofJangsari #Minho 
Honest opinion: Andrew Yangs Op-Ed was a bad idea. I fully believe he had the best of intentions, but I have to disagree with him. You do not need to go out of your way to prove your “Americanness”, as an Asian or any other group. Sorry if that upsets some, I’m still YangGang.
The tragic deaths of docs/nurses from COVID -19 in UK seem to have disproportionately affected those of South Asian ethnicity. Small numbers thankfully so this may be a blip, but has anyone looked at ethnicity as a risk factor for poor  If not a blip, we need to act fast.
I never grew up experiencing such a violent, stupid, aggressive and self righteous Islam. Is this a South Asian version/disease?
I’m looking at Doyeon clips now and rediscovered that some of her 30-second PD101 screentime was standing up for her teammate. As an Asian, she probably had to muster a lot of courage to talk back to a teacher just to defend their leader. 
Unacceptable: “People who experience anti-Asian #racism in Australia during the coronavirus pandemic are being urged to share their stories. This week, a group of concerned Asian-Australians launched a new survey where incidents can be reported.”  …
Suddenly craving a quick & easy Asian dish for dinner tonight? Here's my 𝟏𝟎 𝐌𝐢𝐧𝐮𝐭𝐞 𝐒𝐭𝐢𝐫 𝐅𝐫𝐢𝐞𝐝 𝐄𝐠𝐠 𝐍𝐨𝐨𝐝𝐥𝐞𝐬 with vegetables and oyster sauce! Recipe  … #belgianfoodie #belgianblogger #belgianfoodblogger 
Is anyone else slightly worried that this grocery store has separate shelves for "Asian food" and "Asian"? 
Asian Americans Say Trump Stoking Attacks with Racist “Chinese Virus” Rhetoric  …
Y'all gotta be kidding me. When has an Asian been kicked out of school or fired for having straight black hair
There are rivalries. There are great rivalries. And then there's the #INDvPAK rivalry! #ReLive the very best encounters between the two Asian sides with #MaukaMania all week long, by tuning in! : Apr 4-10 : Every day, 11 AM : Star 
It’s a cultural thing no Asian would be a refuse collector. They would  untouchables in their families. That what they told me at the job centre when I offered to get them an interview.
[ Day6 Jae x Reader ] "I can't believe you know nothing about Harry Potter, you're literally the really tall Asian version of him. Minus the magic, the scar, the tragic backstory, and the charisma." 
Who else have noticed Asian (Chinese) girls have large appetites?  …
I’ve heard this is happening any day now. Also BBC Sounds will automatically switch to the Asian Network if it detects you’re eating a bacon sandwich  …
The remarkable SUCCESS of Asian states such TAIWAN and SOUTH KOREA in preventing and/or containing the COVID-19 epidemic based on TRANSPARENCY, COLLABORATION, and PARTICIPATORY governance only shows that the “Asian Values” claim by self serving regional autocrats is BOGUS!
Sometime in the third week of March, a South Asian woman in Silicon Valley attempted suicide, twice. Under the lockdown, the woman found herself trapped at home with an abusive spouse.  …
Nobody's questioning of the government's vagueness annoys middle aged white English men quite like that of unapologetic British-Asian woman Naga Munchetty. I wonder why that is.
All my life I've wanted to see Asian Americans accepted as core, inalienable members of the American polity. So perhaps it's not actually on people like Andrew Yang to do something about the forces trying to exclude him. Perhaps it's really on me, and people like me. (end)
Singapore, for months a poster child of the fight against #COVIDー19, finally announces a lockdown as cases have risen tenfold in the past month. More on why Asian countries that appeared to have tamed the virus are having to impose tough new controls:  …
THANK YOU for an intelligent and nuanced criticism of the brutality of the Chinese state, with no knee-jerk racism that plays into the risk of violence faced by minority  at home. This is how you do it.  …
The Asian Development Bank says the Philippine economy will only grow by 2% this 2020, but could be slower if the global pandemic or local transmission persists beyond June. 
people think it’s racist that americans can’t tell the difference between asian people but i don’t think they can tell the difference between white people either
CORONA CARE #coronacare Is Lockdown advisable till the onset of Monsoon ? "Asian countries experiencing monsoon may see a slowdown in transmission as absolute humidity is generally high during the season." MIT Study  
Ventura  out a report that provides historical P/BV of Nifty 500 Stocks. Provides nice perspective . Ex: Asian Paints 
Andrew Yang says Asian Americans being attacked over coronavirus is "a heartbreaking phenomenon"  
If you're Asian and you put ur leg like this say 'aye' 
Stocks were modestly lower in midday Asian trading on Friday, setting the stage for a downbeat end to a turbulent week in financial markets 
Wasn't on Twitter today, so I'm late to the Asian party. @AndrewYang, I get it. I grew up in a surf culture on a gentrified island. We bleached our hair, and wish it didn't bunch together in salt water. We all had a bit of internalized racism. But guy, you need to grow out of it.
their names are Brooke Branson and Brent Edmondson. They are seniors in high school and Brooke plans on going to the University of Alaska Anchorage. This is so so ugly, and we should not tolerate an anti asian sentiments, especially when people are literally dying because of it. 
FT Exclusive: The White House tried to force 3M to export 10m masks produced in Singapore for Asian markets to the US — but the Minnesota-based manufacturer resisted  
The cost of the coronavirus pandemic could be as high as $4.1 trillion, or almost 5% of global gross domestic product, the Asian Development Bank said 
Asian American twitter patting itself on the back for hating Yang's op-ed when the most heavily followed of them didn't want to talk about the actual reasons why he had so much white supremacist and libertarian support
Happy #showreelshareday! British East Asian/Singaporean Chinese #Actress EUGENIA LOW, playing age 30-45. Looking for more #film #tv opportunities, #theatre #immersivetheatre #audiobooks experience. Website:  Spotlight:  
This article seems rather relevant to the discussion surrounding @AndrewYang since the release of his Op-Ed. Swap out King with Yang and swap Malcom X with the segment of the Asian  upset with Yang for this.  …
my friend fetishizes asian people... how do i go about this
Coronavirus has exposed the weakness of govts globally esp the “saner” climes. It’s obvious they’re living courtesy of age long est economic systems when Africa was stl being taken into slavery to labor in their vineyards. It just has to be the Asian Tigers 4 Africa to model
Asian markets look to follow Wall Street rally as oil surges  
35-year-old Jamia student Meeran Haider is the head of the Delhi youth wing of RJD. He was adoing his MPhil in West Asian Studies, has MBA and an  degrees. Police have found that he was running Whatsapp groups to incite riots in 
At the Asian Arabic Debating Championship in Kuala Lumpur, @SyedSaddiq, Malaysia’s former Minister of Youth and Sports, spoke about how #QF is amplifying the positive impact of debating and  …
you can’t tell but i’m a 23-year-old asian woman who can’t cook but i don’t give a shit bc that’s men’s job 
Train to Busan is the best zombie movie of all time. It's a perfect film generally. Check it out if you haven't. Korean/Asian cinema is just on another level.
It's not my place  and I'm okay w/that, but I am really heart warmed to watch the Asian Delegation gather Andrew Yang, hold him in accountability and growth, and strongly reject respectability politics and model minority myths at least on Twitter.
ध्यान, philosophical concept of #India, was introduced to #China in ~6th c. CE by बोधिधर्म (Indian Monk). It  Ch'an ( #China), Thien ( #Vietnam), Seon ( #Korea) and Zen ( #Japan) in East Asian countries. One of the greatest spiritual gift from India indeed ! 
I don't log onto twitter for a few hours & @AndrewYang is cancelled, again. What'd he say? Something about grabbing women by their p#$$ies? No? Said Asian Americans should embrace their "American-ness" ? Oh. That's it? Seriously? That's what gets the Asian guy cancelled?
Just watching the shitty biased BBC news and they are doing a Supermarket piece, every staff person interviewed is Asian or Black FFS how biased can you get, like the economy is dependent on non whites. However all the Bin men are white.
Ok I'm tired lol. Still love you @AndrewYang. But consider listening to Asian activists once in a while? You don't need to be all Seattle SJW about it but at least have someone take a first pass to catch the GLARING issues and assumptions in your arguments. Let's do it right.
Asian-American is its own identity, with its own culture, separate from being Asian or from being American alone. Also, I think we will call ourselves whatever we would like to call ourselves, thank you. The onus is not on us to prove or declare our American-ness. It is a given.
UPDATE In fucked news, @AusHumanRights says around 1/4 people who lodged  in the past two months were targeted due to COVID-19. And yep, targets were Asian-Australian. If you've experienced an incident, you can also log it here:  …
This is a really bad take by @AndrewYang No, Asian-Americans don’t need to “show our American-ness”! Like all Americans, we need to care for our families & be aware of how we need to behave responsibly during this crisis. Oh, and calling out racists, we need to do that, too. 
[ABC News pre-prod meeting] "OK, what've we got?" "Racism!" *gleeful hand-rubbing* "Asians reporting racism over COVID!" "Look, a handful out of 3.5 million Asian Australians isn't exactly..." "This is the ABC, dammit!" "Of course. Silly me"  …
I will say this — I have the utmost respect & love for @AndrewYang. Going from 0 to hero isn’t easy. He moved America forward generations ahead. He has changed what’s possible for an Asian America. He’s not perfect, he’s just like one of us. So TY for everything  …
Asian American Twitter does not represent the average real-life Asian American.
Re: @AndrewYang op-ed -I think it’s misguided & harmful to the perception of Asian Americans -I do think he was well-intentioned in encouraging engagement -I hope he digs in & listens to  -I empathize but am sad/frustrated with Twitter’s visceral reactionary culture
wasian check!! i'm 1/4 vietnamese, 1/4 filipino, 2/3 irish, and 1/2 asian
does he like me or does he just fetishizes asian girls hmm
I am also Asian American. And it is racist as hell to call Covid-19 "The Chinese Virus." There is a history to this kind of metaphor, and this young writer's ignorance of that history is both unfortunate & dangerous--to her, and to other Asian Americans.  …
In the wake of overt racism, violence, and discrimination, @AndrewYang just told Asian Americans to be better "Americans". Fuck that. The rest of America needs to be better. Asians don't need to do anything to prove that they're American enough. Source:  … 
To all of the asian americans who are mad at andrew yang.... did you guys actually read the entire op-ed? lol.
Tonight I got the internet we were promised 30 years ago: listening (at home) to @cathyparkhong, Mira Jacob and Kevin Nguyen talk Asian Am lit & anti-racism in NYC, watching Rebecca Solnit read in SF, then cocktails with friends in UT. This is one small pandemic win.
The greatest hazard to public health is official misinformation. Asian countries were wearing masks from the beginning. Even America used to know that masks helped prevent contagion. See below. We need to get past this, and then we need better leaders.  
Another asian-latina relationship in Utopia Falls. Stream it on Hulu for good representation. 
Waiting for a takeaway coffee shop and some random tells me that I should be wearing a mask because I’m Asian. I totally ignored person
FT Exclusive: The Beijing-based Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank plans to lend at least $5bn to help member countries battle coronavirus over the next 18 months, president and chairman Jin Liqun told the FT  
I would add: patronize Asian American grocery stores, restaurants & essential business. 99 ranch has been my go to since the quarantine. No fear of racism there! 
A health crisis is not an excuse to be racist. We've seen some disgusting behaviour directed towards Asian-Australians over the past few months. And it's getting worse.
I found the mask that Asian Americans should wear. 
All the Asian Americans who thought Andrew Yang would bring forth positive Asian representation: 
Should've trusted my instinct. I wrote about @Andrewyang turning his back on Asians in January but deleted it for the "greater good" of the Asian American political narrative. We shouldn't support a candidate just because he's Asian. We deserve a candidate who answer to us.
Running the Dave Chappelle racial draft in 2020, the Latinos hereby select @AndrewYang away from the Asian  And thank you
The implication that Asian Americans need to "work hard" to be accepted in their own country is wrong and deeply hurtful. Every time I get into a discussion with a racist person, this is exactly what they think. Andrew Yang is spewing racist ideology.
You got a new fixation. An Asian Doll Reezy obsession { asianbrat onlyfansgirl findom lipfetish tonguefetish bratworship goddess } 
nigga thats full asian  …
Opinion: Targeting Asians and Asian Americans will make it harder to stop covid-19 
God, Black Magic is a new personal favorite Intricate, detailed depictions of Asian black magic rituals run through the gonzo Shaw Brothers filter - multiple wizard duels, worm exorcisms, voodoo doll murders, just top notch stuff all around 
A third to a quarter of 'dozens of reports' were related to COVID-19. So, one or two dozen reports in toto, whether substantiated or not, out of a total Asian population in Australia of 3.55m. But, yeah, racists everywhere, according to the ABC  …
So asian night is in 2 days omg!!!! So excited !!! Please be there !!! ( i am gonna live stream myself crying) 
i love being half asian and half indian 
Which is why Oman for the Asian Group entitled its letter “Nomination of the People’s Republic of China." 
I'm a multiracial Asian American with a white dad whose ancestors fought in the American Revolution and I still get told to go back to China so LOLOLOLOLOLOL at people who think that there's somehow a magic formula to prove to racists that we belong here.
I grew up being bullied because I was Asian, and it didn't matter how "American" I was. This anti-Asian wave is not new, just like racism isn't new. The solution isn't Asians "stepping up," it's everyone being a kind human being!  …
Asian Americans shouldn’t have to prove shit to anyone, and immigrants of any generation or background shouldn’t have to prove shit to anyone. They’re family. They’re part of us. In whatever way they wish to present. Period.
Long battle ahead, friends. #WuhanVirus will change our lives in more than one way. Asian countries impose new restrictions as coronavirus  roaring back 
Andrew Yang wants Asian Americans to be model minorities. He thinks this will make racism disappear, ignoring other  Don't listen to him. Be loud. Be bold. Be critical. "American-ness" isn't about fitting into the mold. It's about smashing it.
Like, he’s... whatever. He represents the line of thinking of a lot of Asian people who have never actually thought about equality in any way because he enjoyed the privilege of adjacency to whiteness. But to hold him up as some kind of hero on these matters is what makes me mad.
actually, congrats to andrew yang, he did unify the asian 
It’s also funny when white Latinos cry about “invalidation” when you call them white as if they aren’t the literal beauty standard for Latinos everywhere. You want to talk about invalidation? Let’s talk about Afro, Indigenous and Asian Latinos never being represented ANYWHERE.
When I started birdwatching and then ornithology in the 80s I thought the Long-tailed Broadbill was the delusion of a drug induced mind. The #birdoftheday is a south East Asian bird that occurs in the NorthEast in India. 
People who experience anti-Asian racism in Australia during the coronavirus pandemic are being urged to share their stories.  …
I agree with @marinafang. Asian Americans ARE American, and anyone who fails to see that needs to examine themselves. Amidst serious xenophobia, hate crimes, murder etc. I stand with my fellow Asian Americans and call for loudly anti-racist leadership.  …
Andrew yangs response to the covid situation, for me, I feel is a LITTLE demeaning towards me as an asian American. I don’t need to prove shit. HOWEVER... knowing that he is a pragmatic person I know where  from. He’s finding a solution  ignorance (cont)
Asian Americans are American no matter how we look, act, dress, eat, talk, or simply breathe air. We’re American when we eat kimchi, natto, or give red envelopes on Chinese New Year. We don’t have to prove our American-ness to anyone. And we deserve to be safe in our own country.
China’s appointment to the UNHRC’s influential Consultative  of only five nations, was announced in a letter submitted to the Council on Wednesday by Oman on behalf of the Asian Group, and confirmed by a notice on the website of the UN human rights office. 
33k Japanese Americans served in WWII, 800 of them killed in action, yet 120k Japanese Americans were put in internment camps. Asian Americans don’t need to prove that they’re Americans, Andrew Yang. We’ve already proved that being Captain America won’t make people respect us.  …
Andrew Yang is Wrong: Respectability Politics Won't Save Asian Americans from Racist Violence |  … via @reappropriate
Why is the onus on the Asian Americans? They shouldn’t have to go out of their way to prove their “American-ness” so as to not be harassed.
You know how White folks don't have to worry about society thinking that Tiger King represents who they are? Well, Asian Americans don't have that privilege. So with the loudest twitter voice I have, Andrew Yang does NOT represent me!  …
For those who've asked about how to support the folks I wrote about in my last column, this is a fundraiser to support businesses and seniors in Asian American neighborhoods:   …
That’s a no for me, dawg. At a time where Asian diaspora from around the world are experiencing massive racism and discrimination, @AndrewYang basically just told us to suck it up, eat a cheeseburger and buy an American flag.  unequivocally rejects this piece. 
These Asian American activists almost make me miss the trans activists.
Bubs & babes! I’m Danny aka #yourfriendlylocalmeatball. I post fitness, flexing, games, animal crossing, being a newbie to #ttrpg & how all that intersects with being a gay asian American who takes mental health & kindness very seriously. Lets be friends! Tell me 2 good things. 
A serious uptick in anti-Asian racism has already started, and will get worse. 
"Hopefully he's learnt a lot from the days when he coached the national team at the Asian Cup." Socceroos legend Mark Viduka breaks his silence over his relationship with Graham Arnold. Don't miss the exclusive interview on  , 
i am mixed... asian and clown ^ . ^
I know they don't teach yall this in AP American History but making Asian Americans "prove" their allegiance is literally the precursor to Japanese internment camps. Ask George Takei. The U.S. government had him living in a horse stable when he was 5 years old. 
Inspired by @CoachHand Air Fryer Wings Top Left - Buffalo Bottom Left - Asian Zing Top Right - Garlic Parm Bottom Right - Honey Gold BBQ 
Racism of any kind is not acceptable. Racism towards Asian-Americans has no place in  So if you see something, say something. Compassion, kindness, and respect are how we will get through this. Together. 
It is the height of hubris for @AndrewYang to believe he can send a call to action to Asian Americans - especially one that reinforces the racist model minority trope, obscures history, and imposes a "prove you belong here" prerequisite. #YangDoesntSpeakForAsianAmericans
I've never seen asian american twitter so united. lol
The West has long stigmatized mask-wearing, as opposed to many Asian countries, where those who don’t wear masks during public-health crises are the ones who are stigmatized, @UriLF 
Filipinx get left out a lot in discussions about Asian American history & racism. I'm not shocked Yang, who wants to represent Asian Americans on a national stage, neglected to say a word about how our elders sacrificed for the US in WWII. But I am *disappointed.*  …
If you think trump supporters dying from the virus will finally make them turn on trump, that's not going to happen. They will blame anyone but trump, whether it's Obama, China, Asian Americans, the MSM, George Soros, or Nancy Pelosi.  …
tfw u are a different asian woman and not me 
I’ve never loved Asian Americans more than right now.
defying asian american stereotypes by being bad at math and stuffing andrew yang in a locker
Asian Americans Say Trump Stoking Racist Attacks with “Chinese Virus” Rhetoric  …
sino-american politics is about to get real nasty, trump’s insistence on calling the virus the chinese virus is spurring hate crimes against asian people of all ethnicities, it’s so infuriatingly insulting that white folk are like, it’s just a joke, it’s not serious, chill out
. @POTUS admin moves toward promoting broader use of face masks. I've been tweeting this for weeks now... Seems the Asian countries are controlling the spread of C-19 better than other countries. Wearing a mask or a cotton scarf just may do the trick.  …
After you calm down from your hysterics, can you explain why the Obama administration didn't order the N95 masks to replace the 100 million used in the Asian Flu epidemic? Experts advised replacing them but Obama-Biden team failed to buy them.  …
A lot of pseudo-British Asian  (journalists & academics) would publicly claim such behaviour didn't exist (it still does btw). Those connected with  know it's been happening for decades. I hope those  recant.  …
I think Andrew Yang had the best intentions when writing the op-ed but he is wrong. Asian Americans should NOT have to prove our American-ness to be accepted. Period.
Boosting the signal--I'm so proud that the Journal for Asian American Studies is responding so quickly to current events by putting out a call for this special issue of JAAS. Will be tagging #AcademicTwitter friends who have a larger reach than I do-hope many will  …
What do Asian folks call these types? Do they have a cultural equivalent to "coon"?  …
Our Fellow @redrabbleroz and the folk at the Asian Australian Alliance pulled together this reporting mechanism to track incidences of racism during #COVID19au. This resource will be essential as much of this is likely to go unreported. Please  …
Pregnant by the Playboy is up for pre-order, and here is the cover!! #asianromcom *Asian hero + Asian heroine *Accidental pregnancy AMZ:  Kobo:   soon Apple:  
Hit 1,200 followers so to celebrate here’s the asian population map by CD! HI is the state with highest Asian population but CA has the CD with highest population. Also decently high in NY/NJ area. Splotches everywhere. Thank you all so much! I love you all. 
Fellow Neverland Asian Agent ( #GIDLE’s manager) is ready and excited for OH MY GOD. The WORLD is definitely ready! 
How Andrew Yang thinks Asian-Americans should respond to racists: 
I remember primary school days I wanted to be asian cos they could make their hair spiky when it rained
asian girls FELT this one 
here's what i'm talking about. the article is behind a paywall. here's the key screenshot. this is what andrew yang thinks is how Asian Americans should deal with anti-Asian racism during this coronavirus pandemic... 
Former Democratic presidential candidate Andrew Yang said it is a "heartbreaking phenomenon" that Asian Americans have been the target of a growing number of racist and xenophobic attacks related to the novel coronavirus 
Yang is spouting pure garbage on this. Asian Americans have been scapegoated, othered, targeted for violence, and had our citizenship & civil rights stripped away, no matter how much fools supplicate to white supremacists. It never works, and wouldn’t be it even if it did.  …
amazing to see the diverse makeup of asian  together and agree on one thing: that that op-ed is flaming hot garbàge :')
As coronavirus has spread across the U.S., so have reports of violence against people of Asian descent, and the FBI warns a surge in hate crimes could be yet  (From  …
For my youthful Asian American hommies, aged 5-15! 
As a Jew, I'm all too familiar with "If you assimilated better, they'd be nicer to you." That doesn't work. Not for us, not for anyone. The Sneetches On The Beaches just adjust their opinion on belly stars. Asian Americans, you don't have to do a goddamn thing to appease racists.  …
Attention All Asian Americans Please carry pepper spray or something to protect yourselves! Attention EVERYONE please if you see someone attacking or using racial discrimination against Asian Americans let's all stand up to bigotry TOGETHER!  …
RACISM & #CoronavirusPandemic : as 1 of the only Asian kids at school all I wanted was to be white. This way nobody would call me “chink” again. As an adult: I celebrate being Chinese. NOW: racism is on the rise & we need to share our stories. 4PM:  
Also important to note that Yang's conception of Asian Americans acting "more American" precludes active solidarity with  of color. The American project is anti-Black, anti-Native, this administration is doggedly anti-Latinx, anti-Muslim, etc
WhatsApp has also  the home to some of the most damaging disinformation and rumours regarding COVID-19, especially in the South  My latest for  …
this is 10000000% bullshit. this indirect submission to “american-ness” aka whiteness, is the enabling of the disease that has permeated these lands long before covid-19. asians and asian americans, you don’t owe us shit.  … 
LOL it's a trap. Get rid of the Asian in Asian-American, and you're erasing them and their culture under a dominant melting pot ideology that doesn't care about minority cultures. Don't do it, though, and it's racist for using it.  …
I am the original cosponsor of the Resolution Condemning Anti-Asian Racism Related to COVID19 led by @Grace4NY. I also know that our MI AG @dananessel has zero tolerance for this rise in hate crimes & racism towards Asians Americans. Not on our  …
can't believe racist white people are out here stabbing asian kids but andrew yang thinks ASIANS are the ones who need to step up. Asian Americans are Americans, period. It is not on the  to "be the cure".  …
Andrew Yang the Ben Carson of the 
Thailand hit by African Horse Sickness, killing over 100 horses More than 100 horses have died from African Horse Sickness (AHS) in Thailand, government data showed, in the Southeast Asian country's first instance of the illness that only affects animals. Via Reuters 
My parents’ generation of Asian Americans grew up feeling like they had to be “Americans First, Asian Second.” No matter how much they did this, it still did not protect them from racism. They/we are not the problem. Racism is.  …
So, let me not brush it away. I cried after the panel, thinking about how shitty and shaky so many of my Asian friends feel—& how shitty I felt, too. I cried thinking of how this rise in anti-Asian racism is possibly just getting started
Dear Asian folks, I know that some of you know this, but it bears repeating, assimilationist respectability politics will NOT make racists love you. It won’t stop Trump from saying “China” likes its a dirty word. That’s not how this works. Yours sincerely, Black folks  …
Stop spitting on, assaulting & saying racist things to ASIAN AMERICANS. Don't blame Asians living here for the mistakes made by the Chinese Govt. concerning the virus. Blame Asians for high S.A.T. scores, Hello Kitty and American Debt but not this....
the way to address anti-asianness in america isnt for asian-americans to be “more” “american", its for americans to be less anti-asian
Western-style factory ‘farms’ (as well as being cruel beyond describing) are every bit as dangerous as Asian ‘wet’ markets in cooking up lethal pathogens. It’s as if we have a death wish.  …
There's a phrase in that book that stuck with me. It describes Japanese Americans during WWII but it could be about Asian Americans today: "...a traumatic search for an identity to fit the increasingly narrowed parameters of Americanism"
Frankly, I've never seen Asian American Twitter agree about anything as much as they agree about hating this op-ed by  …
I keep thinking of the in-law who recently, when I mentioned the surge in anti-Asian racism, drew on right-wing (also very racist) rhetoric by doubting the racism, saying, "Is that really happening, though?"
Last night, I was part of an otherwise lovely Zoom panel with writers I admire. Two of us are Asian American—one Korean, one Sri Lankan—& a racist troll or two crashed our event 
The increased profiling, intimidation, and hate towards Asian-Americans and Asian immigrants is simply inexcusable. Today, I announced a resolution with @MazieHirono and @SenDuckworth to condemn these racist acts and make it loud and clear that they have no place in America.
Andrew Yang says Asian Americans being attacked over coronavirus is "a heartbreaking phenomenon"  
To Asian Americans who are proud of their heritage. To those who never fit into Americanness. To those who struggle to put food on the table. To those that aspire to keep their families healthy. To those who struggle every day to live another day. Know it's ok to be you. 
I don't know who needs to hear this but Asian Americans don't need to prove anything about our Asianness or Americanness. If you are randomly attacking Asian-looking people because of the coronavirus, you are the problem. Leave us all the f--- alone.
We Asian Americans might be minorities in this country, but we can be models for Americanness. We can be a -- and this is just off the top of my head -- "minority model," if you will. No, wait. That doesn't sound quite right. 
Andrew Yang just held a virtual town hall style event on Asian American racism in the wake of Coronavirus with CNN's Lisa Ling. Full video:  
yea asian twitter is that easy  …
Andrew Yang thinks the way to eliminate racism against Asian Americans is for Asian Americans to be "more American." I've said it before, this man was the whitest candidate running  …
Asian Americans have already been doing all of that. And no offense, but black people did all of that while wearing suits and bow ties and it didn't stop the mass murder and terrorism, so you might as well wear some sweatpants and stop caring about what racists think about you. 
i love being half asian and half viet 
It took the western world a global pandemic to finally figure out that the masks voluntarily worn in Asian countries to prevent the spread of illness actually do work.
CA Sen. Kamala Harris condemns anti-Asian attacks, doubles down on protections for front-liners  … via @asianjournalcom
My grandfathers endured racist abuse, redlining, professional discrimination, and more — and they STILL built lives here. Their Asian American great-great-grandchildren are babies now. That’s American enough. 
The racist rhetoric from the highest level of our government has contributed to a disturbing rise in hate-crimes targeting Asian Americans. Calling the #COVID19Pandemic the ‘Wuhan virus’, ‘Kung flu’, or ‘Chinese virus’ isn’t clever or funny, it’s wrong and deeply  …
this is how asian girls on twitter look like 
. @AndrewYang's op-ed is an awful take that is probably going to harm other Asian Americans. He's endorsing the same "model minority" strategy that the JACL adopted for Japanese Americans in WWII, with zero understanding of the harmful consequences that had for  1/x  …
BD Wong was told Asian people aren't funny early on in his career. Similarly a casting director told me that Asians aren't "expressive." Glad to see Asian American actors breaking through. Wonder how the recent anti-Asian racism will affect AsAm roles.  …
god there's even wh*te people who understand asian racial issues better than yang does lmao 
It is fucking racist that our white media continues to allow someone as stupid and ignorant on matters of race as Andrew Yang speak on behalf of Asian people.
half chinese + half asian 
Andrew Yang's solution for a rise in anti-Asian hate crime: Asian Americans should wear more red white and blue  …
Rest in peace, Reba The Phoenix Zoo announced today that Reba, the 51-year-old Asian Elephant that resided there had to be euthanized. 
The key is to hit up Asian grocers for your bread-making hobby. 
REST IN PEACE: The Phoenix Zoo announces Reba, one of its Asian elephants, has died. She was 51. 
"ONE OF A KIND" [thread] The Phoenix  is mourning the loss of Reba, one of the Zoo’s Asian elephants. She was humanely euthanized this week following a recent and irreversible decline in her health. Reba was 51 years old. 
I stand in solidarity with Asian-Americans in Pennsylvania and throughout our Nation who are experiencing discrimination. We must reject this kind of hate.  …
This. Also, any Asian American who thinks we can respectability our way out of racism and oppression knows literally nothing about our own history as  They have never wanted us for anything other than an excuse to be more anti-black.
An important lesson of anti-Asian pathogen racism is exposing the hollow claims to progress citing Asian Americans as model minorities. The rapid shift from Crazy Rich to Crazy Sick demonstrates that the model minority stereotype is a tool of white supremacy.  …
In difficult times, it’s important that we unite and support one another. COVID-19 has no borders and we’re in this together as a  @Microsoft stands with the Asian American Pacific  
a proud asian american woman
Someone needs Intro to Asian American Studies and it shows
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris, @SenDuckworth, and @maziehirono for this Senate resolution condemning discrimination against Asian Americans & immigrants caused by #COVID19 outbreak (and thanks @RepGraceMeng for introducing in the House). The racism must end:  
And u asian guys need to stop moving like fukn simps and dressing like fukn joke men ffs ur not making it easy are u lolll Dw I got enough sauce for u all
also love how he says "we asian americans" like he has any concept of what the greater asian diaspora is going through or what it even means, I hate this guy so much
Nationality has nothing to do with race or ethnicity. I should never be asked to prove my Americanness just because I have an Asian face.
this was the same dude who ran for president making fun of his own asian-ness and had MATH as his fucking slogan, I don't know why I expected anything else
The biggest difference in US #COVID19 spread and the spread in some Asian nations like Japan and South Korea may be their use of masks and gloves as a societal norm..? Has anyone investigated that factor?
Andrew Yang says  racism, it's on us Asian Americans "to embrace and show our American-ness in ways we never have before." 1. It's not. 2. For generations, we've been asked to "prove our American-ness," yet we continue to be seen as "other."  …
. @KamalaHarris @SenDuckworth & @maziehirono are introducing a resolution condemning anti-Asian racism in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic.  
. @KamalaHarris spoke with the @AsianJournalCom on how Donald Trump is putting Asian American lives at risk because of his racist language  …
A stabbing of 2 Asian Americans in Midland, TX led the brainiac Seattle Police Chief to tell citizens call 911 if they suspect racism. As though 911 is a monitor of feelings. Seattle Police Chief: Call 911 if You Hear ‘Racist Name-Calling’ - Trump Train  …
Disco Deewane by Nazia Hassan, she was 16 years old. It is said to be the best selling Asian Pop album, released in 14 countries. In India it was released by the Gramaphone Co. in 1981. It achieved platinum record status within 3 weeks selling more than 200000 copies. 
Listen to my response yesterday when @CBS_42 reporter asked, "But Mr. Sessions, the World Health Organization is making sure that we don’t call this a Chinese Virus, don’t call it a Wuhan Virus, an Asian Virus." 
Quarantine day 1: Early morning run Intermittent fasting Yoga and meditation Quarantine day 10: Wake up Got high in bed Currently watching a live stream of some meathead doing 5 push-ups at a time for money while his hot Asian girlfriend counts them on a piece of paper.
Arguments like this miss the point. Asian Americans proving their "Americanness" isn't going to stop racism. Respectability politics isn't the solution.  
This is a good piece by @iwelsh. The decadence of Western elites is obvious and chilling, versus the  responses by Asian leaders. Our leaders are incapable of doing anything right except maintaining control.  …
The weekend is almost here and my Blackened Salmon Sliders with an Asian Slaw is the perfect treat for your #QuarantineLife weekend. Why not cook up some deliciousness in your kitchen with these delicious sliders? Get the printable #recipe here->  
The West has long stigmatized mask-wearing, as opposed to many Asian countries, where those who don’t wear masks during public-health crises are the ones who are stigmatized, @UriLF 
No Fly Zone: Black, Asian And Hispanic House Caucuses Form Voltron Against Racists Attacking Asian People Over Coronavirus (Image via Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call)  
Ansarullah proposal to arbitrate two countries to end the Yemen war. Chairman of the Supreme Committee of the Yemeni Revolution: Four Arab countries, four Islamic countries, four Asian countries, plus the United  to judge between us and our aggressors. 
The lowest of low events I hear about these days is abuse against  LOWEST OF LOW. If you do this, i hope one day guilt eats you up. 
Go ahead and volunteer, but don’t do it as a hearts and minds campaign to get folks to stop being anti-Asian. As a Black person in America, I can tell you from experience that all your doing is creating a litmus year for who’s one of the ‘good ones’ and who is not.
#BreakingNews: President Peter Mutharika has announced that Malawi has 3 confirmed cases of coronavirus (Covid-19). Mutharika says the three are a Malawian of Asian origin who travelled to India, her relative and their house maid. Reported by Justin Mkweu #TimesNews
I am both infuriated and supremely embarrassed every time this dude opens his mouth. Being nice to racists has never worked & it's insulting to other BIPOC to act like Asian Americans can be the exception to that bc "we'll just try super hard to convince them we're also people!"
The NYPD says prior to March 10th there had been no bias attacks against the  for all of 2020. Since then there have been 11 anti-Asian bias attacks and they were all targeted because of #COVID19
At a time when we should be united, our experts are seeing a sharp rise of harassment incidents against Asian-Americans and members of the Pacific  Details here:  …
And not the first time during this crisis that a federal official decided that South Korea was the same as China -- apparently because they're both Asian countries.  …
our asian moms 
I think Asian Americans are caught between a rock and a hard place. Given that Beijing subtly and overtly cultivates and influences the Chinese diaspora to its cause, I *do* think it's important for Chinese Americans to make it clear that they reject the values of the CCP.  …
Asian Aesthetics It's All About Me (1998) I Love You (2002) In Those Jeans (2003) Dip It Low (2004) 
That's great but you have a very serious #Virus within the #RCC! Your pope! He is a mouthpiece for the #CCP! He is doing the devil's work! Asian Cardinal: China Has ‘Primary Responsibility’ for Coronavirus Pandemic  …
As an aside my favorite part of all these liberal Asian thinkpieces is how they all start with "I was at the grocery store and someone was rude to me. Then I realized Racism Has Returned" 
take over the moon, south asian fashion edition 
Asian American Christian leaders published a “Statement on Anti-Asian Racism in the Time of COVID-19.” In a matter of days, it has gathered about 6,800 signatures online and launched a collaborative. Read all about it in my latest report for  …
I said years ago that a big part of being Asian Americans is NOT being considered Americans. It's still the case now. This has to change. The virus will go away but the perpetual foreign status and resulting racism won't. Besides condemning racism now, we need to demand change.
Look deeper into the stats and you will find that Asian men represent a disproportionately high proportion of offenders in collective/gang related abuse. This article either deliberately misrepresents the facts OR was written by someone with no analytical ability.
I spoke  leaders who are raising awareness about recent acts of discrimination against members of the Asian-American/Pacific  and who are taking action to fight discrimination. We must stand together and speak out against racism and xenophobia. 
In other, semi-related news, it has been *so weird* to watch how the discussions about how Asian nations have flattened the curve have managed to turn it into “Asians are just good at blind obedience.”
Black, Muslim NHS workers die in service and Britain collectively hits the switch on its ColourBlind button. This country has mastered the art of selectively choosing when to see colour; grooming gangs are Asian but NHS workers are just NHS workers. @JuliaHB1 we see through it
ah you're right andrew yang, it's up to us asian diaspora to perform patriotism for the bare minimum human right of not being beaten and stabbed in broad daylight. gah. fighting back? poc unity? white accountability? WHAT WAS I THINKING????? 
India is working aggressively to flatten the #COVID19Pandemic curve. Addressing Health Ministers of SE Asian region during a VC chaired by Regional Director @WHOSEARO Dr Poonam Khetrapal Singh, I said the #lockdown is an important intervention to reduce the caseloads. 
Asian Hospital reports 11 total COVID-19 recoveries  …
Are Asian niggas just.....like this?  …
SOUTH ASIAN AUTHORS! If you have a  out (or that came out in the last 5 years), fill out this form! I'll share an updated ed. of the response grid tmrw. This is an every growing list of books by people within the  Plz RT.  …
From physical violence to micro-aggressions, Korean-Swedish cartoonist Lisa Wool-Rim Sjöblom's new  series addresses the racism Asian people around the world are experiencing in the age of coronavirus.  (via 
I cannot wait for this Asian American candidate town hall with myself @AlbertLee2020 @donnaimamTX and @NabilahforGA07! Tune  …
Devastating. Asian American 2 year old and her family were stabbed in a virus fueled hate crime.  …
Congratulations to our boys for being part of Top 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020! 46th- Stellvester Ajero 44th- John Paul Nase 40th- Felipe John Suson 36th- Josh Cullen Santos 24th- Justin de Dios 5/5! We are proud of you! @SB19Official 
The Pennsylvania State Police is sending around a letter warning that crimes targeting Asian-Americans are on the rise during the COVID crisis and reaffirming that they take this seriously and will investigate every allegation they receive. 
what @AndrewYang describes of anti-Asian attitudes in light of #COVID pandemic is reminiscent of what Muslims experienced after 9/11 #coronavirus
It’s Time All  together & Make CHINA PAY 4 the DEATHS of PEOPLE CHINA Should Forgive All Nations Debt 4 Due To Their ActionsAsian Cardinal: China Has ‘Primary Responsibility’ for Coronavirus Pandemic  …
In this difficult time, we have been turning to nature  and it’s clearer than ever that we need to protect it. @stae_elephants are working tirelessly to help the plight of the Asian elephant... Please watch and sign the petition. Thanks - RT  
After Dec. 7, 1941, the mere act of walking outside became threatening to Japanese Americans fearful of attacks because they looked like the enemy. Now, many Asian Americans face the same kind of racism because of COVID-19. @NewsHour @PBS  …
This wk I joined thousands of pastors, professors  leaders in signing the Statement on Anti-Asian Racism in the Time of COVID-19! I stand in solidarity with my Asian & Asian-American sisters & brothers! Will you join me?  #aaccstatement
Asian Americans need to “prove” their “Americaness” as a response to increased racism? Fuck off 
This will get buried in COVID news, but this is a really big deal. Saeed was a seminal figure in South Asian militancy circles for many years-and not just because of his involvement in Pearl's murder. Now, he could soon be a free man.  …
I  The fact the CCP is Asian is least important characteristic of the regime.  …
*Looks at the camera in Asian*  
Republicans must be sensitive to racism Asian Americans face. Democrats must not reflexively accuse anyone who criticizes the Chinese government of racism.  … @PostOpinions
Do you realize that if you’re born in the 90s in Indonesia, we’ve basically lived through the: - 1998 Asian Financial Crisis - Fall of Suharto & Reformasi - 2004 Aceh earthquake & tsunami - 2008 Global Financial Crisis - Covid19 global pandemic - etc ...all before turning 30?
Very sad to see how many professionals are  against any kind of mask for "regular people" in the U.S..  flattening of curve to Asian countries in this outbreak who are requiring mask wearing for the population. #coronavirus
i keep  from people saying they dont trust asian people and dont want to be around them or anything asian because of corona but then i go to their accounts AND THEYRE POSTING THAT THEYRE GOING OUT AND LEAVING THEIR HOUSE I CANT WTFF U HYPOCRITES AGHHJDNC
Rape isnt an asian problem. The MO of grooming gangs is and I reject the term asian, when it relates predominantly almost exclusively to a section of Pakistani Muslims. Get real. The solution cant be found in denial.
CHUNI GOSWAMI, the Indian football stalwart is best known for winning the Gold Medal with the national side at the 1962 Asian Games, and also scoring the winning goal against Hong Kong in a 3-1 encounter during the AFC Asian Cup in 1964 #ThrowbackThursday 
Choose your Asian boy 
This is fucking terrible messaging. Asian Americans don’t have to prove shit.  …
Indian sailor and Asian Games Bronze medalist, Varun Thakkar says in the wake of #COVID19, every Indian should follow the guidelines by the government and help contain this pandemic 
Fareed Zakaria did. Days ago, he interviewed the PM of Singapore:  … I'm working on a piece about this. My thesis is that it's not a coincidence that the Four Asian Tigers (known for 'miraculous' development & economic growth) handled the outbreak so well.
I’ve always wanted to have my own cooking show so this was a  true! This week’s menu features a truly Asian dish - Nasi Lemak!  …
OUR PEOPLE IN UK & US ARE ASLEEP, ASIAN 5SOSFam, LET’S KEEP STREAMING AS THEY WILL DO THEIR PART ONCE THE OTHER SIDE OF THE WORLD IS UP. Tagging OGs— @5SOSMYTEAM @5SOS_SGFam @5SOSIndonesia @5SOSPHTEAM @5sosworldalerts @_5SOSjp @5SOSthai CALM  …
how can you openly tweet things like ‘craving a black guy rn’ as an asian girl and think that’s not fetishising. sigh
Wear mask to save lives Universal mask-wearing is the most overlooked #COVID19 lifesaver. Western countries r experiencing higher rates of #COVID2019  to Asian countries. This may be due to West's avoiding wearing masks. #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Saving the Guns at Maiwand! The Battle of Maiwand was one of the largest battles of the 2nd Anglo-Afghan War(1878-80) where Ayub Khan defeated the British army. It was one of the few instances in the 19th century of an Asian power defeating a Western one.  
What this fat asian eating? 
Racist attacks against Asian Americans — spitting, yelling, even stabbing — are on the rise. In just two weeks, more than 1,000 incidents poured into an online reporting tool. My latest for @NewsHour, featuring Cynthia Choi of @CAAsanfrancisco 
Japan scouts for more Asian TPP partners to cut dependence on China 
March 10, 2020 — AOC: “People are literally not patroning Chinese restaurants they’re not patroning Asian restaurants because of straight-up racism around the coronavirus.” April 1, 2020 — AOC: Trump didn’t listen to scientists and act early enough and it’s caused people to die. 
ik this white woman ain't call her lil cosplay "corona chan" while in traditional asian wear and bat wings....... i just wanna go apeshit on her fucking face oh my god 
Coronavirus has been striking for the fact that Asian societies have handled the  Western elites, mostly have not. At the extreme  level are America and the UK. Why?  …
A dictatorship allegedly concealed the real number of patients and deaths linked to the deadly Asian disease, U.S. intelligence has found. 
This is one of the most risky political experiments in modern history. Going against all experience from the East Asian nations which successfully have fought the virus. Not listening to WHO. Sadly Sweden may pay a very high price. 
why do Asian boys wanna be Lebo sooooooo bad??????? Kevin Nguyen you are NOT Moey from da areas STOP
Asian countries face possible second wave of coronavirus infections  …
Asian share markets were pinned down, haunted by the rising U.S. coronavirus death toll, and investors braced for more signs of economic pain ahead of another likely record week of U.S. jobless claims 
tapos na women’s month but id like to point out the power these women hold: risa hontiveros: nobel peace prize nominee sarah elago: youngest law maker in the ph samira gutoc: founder of asian peace alliance imee: marcos
Yup. I am scared for my fellow brown and yellow Asian Americans, but I am also annoyed AF at some of y’all. Time to get our house in order. Racism and white supremacy is fucking trash, take it out.  …
Loving the Asian network choice on this house! Never seen such sleek moves! 
"Now while some Asian countries are dealing with a second wave of Coronavirus, other countries are dealing with a wave of their own stupidity." This is what happens when we have an unelected government that consists of underperforming ministers (and deputy ministers).  …
#UKSingalong Radio 1: “You’ve Got The Love” Radio 2: “Sweet Caroline” 6Music: “Raspberry Beret” 1Xtra: “Toast” Asian Network: “Mundian To Bach Ke”
1/2 Such a one sided closed minded story using out of date figures. I grew up a town over from Rochdale and have twice been racially abused by Asian men. It wasn’t investigated despite having CCTV and one was told sternly “not to do it again” I moved as far away as possible!
Asian Americans: 1. Stand up for yourselves, but stand up for others, too. Solidarity & self-interest are the same. 2. Don’t fucking apologize for your existence or for anything. 3. Don’t prove your Americanness. You are American by what you’ve done & what your parents did.
An Asian man that was treated in Lagos after testing positive for coronavirus says he has fully recovered. The man expressed appreciation to the Lagos state government for having a good recovery hospital. Congrats to him!  …
Cash Conversion Cycle as per @screener_in HUL: -38.5 Syngene: 2 GCPL: 2.5 Dmart: 18 Eris Life: 25 Biocon: 28.5 Jyothy Labs: 34.7 Deepak Nitrite: 41.6 Asian Paints: 44 TCS: 45.7 Atul: 59.8 Solara: 61 Jubilant Life: 67 Pidilite: 72 ITC: 81.5 Divis Labs: 208 | Cash Efficiency
Asian black bear and fried tofu stuffed with rice are trending #4 and #13 respectively in Korea because of Dotae's vlive 
TOP 5 most popular asian sports teams ranked by total interactions on #facebook during march 2020! 1. @persib 3,01M 2. @ChennaiIPL 2,47M 3. @mipaltan 2,41M 4. @lahoreqalandars 1,77M 5. @OfficialJohor 1,49M 
Rembrandt, 'Shah Jahan and His Son' (brown ink and brown wash, with scratching out, on Asian paper toned with light brown wash, c. 1656-1661). Coll. 
Taeyong keeps repeating “asian black bear” in his most cutest way 
there is really a baby asian black bear named "YONG" 
21 Days 21 Stats Day 9 : Only 1 time, 2 Asian Players scored 90s In Odi while chasing Gambhir (97), Dhoni (91*) vs SL In 2011WC Final ----- Please Stay at Home -----
Mixed race thread Half Indo and Half Asian here  
mixed race thread <3 im asian & filipino
This man on Blanco Road and South Main Street in Salinas is an example of the growing concern for hate crimes against Asian Americans in the U.S. during the coronavirus outbreak.  …
Stabbing of Asian-American 2-Year-Old and Her Family Was a Virus-Fueled Hate Crime: Feds  …
Heraldscum just used an image of an Asian man to represent a coronavirus spike in Eastern Melbourne
#Australia has seen a huge rise of racism against Asian  out of #COVID19Aus. This tool was created in collab with @redrabbleroz to report incidents. If you've experienced #COVIDー19 related racism or know someone who has, report it  
Damn I know I’m only half Japanese but y’all be acting like I’m not even Asian
Asian parents be like: Y U PLAY WITH FOOD.  …
Maybe it’s cause I’m asian myself but Asians are literally so attractive idc if you’re Thai, Korean, Japanese, Singaporean, or Filipino you’re automatically hot
~ 18 ~ i’m t (he/him) ~ bi (fem+) ~ switch (dom+) ~ poc (asian) ~ my music taste is pretty much just harry styles, rex, and hozier ~ ♡ / ↻ to be mutuals! 
Racism is on the rise right now, particularly that directed at Chinese Australians and Asian Australians more generally. We have to stop it. And we have to know where it’s happening - this online tool is really important.  …
If you are blaming the Asian population for this virus, then I seriously suggest reevaluating the way your mind works. I’ve heard the most absurd,  from people who *seem* to mean well in other areas of their lives. Please don’t let ignorance rule your mind.
Because police/the government are useless at tracking hate crimes,  have set up this tool — help us monitor anti-Asian racism in Australia  …
"Right now, racism against Asians is a spectacle. It's camera-ready," poet Cathy Park Hong says. "Maybe that will indicate to other people there is actually racism against Asian Americans. These prejudices  out of the blue." 
any asian or latina women up
We've seen a huge increase in #COVID19Aus related anti-Chinese & anti-Asian racism in Australia. An online tool has been set up to help track these incidents of racism. If you've experienced #COVIDー19 related racism or know someone who has, report it at  …
Therapists share the advice they give Asian American clients who are dealing with discrimination during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Lol as an East Asian in America, I won't wear a mask until white folks are because I'm pretty sure wearing a mask as an East Asian is more unsafe in the US than not wearing one.  …
Op-Ed: Anti-Asian American hate crimes are surging. Trump is to blame  …
I am in solidarity with all of my Asian brothers and sisters. There’s no place for anti-Asian racism in this country. As citizens of  we have a responsibility to be part of the solution.  …
I’ve said it before, but I’m still convinced that the 2020 general between Biden and Trump will be a torrent of anti-Asian racism as both blame China for literally every single thing wrong with the world  …
hmm today i will name an asian character in my book series cho chang
The Asian Development Bank unveils a $5 million (about ₱250 million) fund for its 'Bayan Bayanihan' project to deliver food supplies to up to 55,000 poor households in Metro Manila and neighboring areas amid the Luzon quarantine  | @meltlopez
The World's Biggest Girlband 
half asian/half chinese  
Why not just  sense and follow the the smart asian countries that have been able to control the spread of this virus. All western countries are looking to reinvent the wheel and falling on our faces.  …
Goodmorning to my south east asian girlies Wheres my Filipina, Indonesian, Malaysian, Singaporean, Thai, Brunei, Laos, Myanmar, Cambodian, Indian and Vietnamese girlies? Lets make a gc Rules: -must hate this *particular* country (u know) - no racism were all sisters 
"Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon announced that the city government will use Seoul Sports Complex, a major  that was used for the 1986 Asian Games and 1988 Summer Olympics, to carry out screening tests for people arriving on international flights".  …
(just pre-empting the inevitable  from the US government that we should all be wearing masks like they have been doing in asian countries for months now but without actually bothering to provide us with the means to get these masks)
Campaign launched aimed  racism towards Montrealers of Asian heritage  
Asian men could like..... get it
remember literally two weeks ago when a guy stabbed two children for being Asian in public  …
Control Asian countries "have reached is only a life raft, not dry land...Viruses do not remember they were previously under control and will resurge when restrictions are lifted.”  … @mlipsitch
NOT every Asian American has a chip on his/her shoulder like @AndrewYang. Stop playing the race  …
What is striking about this panel describing various risks to Asian EM is the broad band of financial risk to which Malaysia and India are exposed. @FitchSolutions via 
Look for President Trump's new children's book, "Viruses are Asian, Drugs are Hispanic"
u know when i first got on twitter a year and a half ago there were only like 2 asian egirls but now there are so many and in so many different niches and it's beautiful really. representation matters
just @MissVeraX and @goddessslynn, a couple southeast asian dommes, taking out the trash 
"We don't think that the anti-Asian sentiment that we're seeing now is going to go away, and we're going to need to address that as a society."  …
Doctor says he was refused service at Indiana gas station for being Asian in coronavirus-related racism  …
Asian stocks slip as global recession looms  
it's 18+ but it'll be played by every single asian (real ones) so gl
William remembers some Asian American whom he encountered on the SkyLine Drive of the Shenandoah National Park in December 2018. 
Today is #CensusDay. It's so important that we all, including my fellow  in particular, take a few minutes to fill out the census at  . Please, be counted, friends. #CensusDay2020 
ICYMI: Executive Director of @A3PCON @KulkarniManju joined @JohnFugelsang to discuss the hate against Asian-Americans in the wake of COVID-19 and encourages everyone to #washthehate to stop the spread of 
An Asian American 8-yr-old was denied a sample at a Costco. A Filipino man was beaten while being told to "go back to China." Restaurants are vandalized. "Those are just some of the incidents we’ve heard about" in Washington state, per  …
Many internet users on #Istanbul's Asian side are affected by an internet outage beginning ~1:15 a.m. local time. Network operator Turksat Kablonet predicts 10 hours downtime, with parents already worrying how their children might attend online class in the morning 
The Census is giving Latinos an identity crisis. There hasn’t been enough education about Latinidad in relation to race and it’s showing.  in all shades whether it’s black, mestizo, Asian, and yes, white. Latino is not a race and it’s confusing a lot of people.
WATCH TOMORROW: ABC7 is confronting hate crimes against Asian Americans during the COVID-19 pandemic with "Race and Coronavirus: A Bay Area Conversation" tomorrow at 4 p.m. Here are a few of our panelist: @tzima8 @Evan_Low @aimeeallison  
. @RepJudyChu says there are now over 100 anti-Asian attacks being reported per day, and calls the attacks on people of Asian descent amid the coronavirus outbreak 'very, very alarming.'  …
Funny how some irresponsible students go on a Spring Break trip during a Global pandemic and get some backlash then go and play victim meanwhile Asian people are getting harassed and attacked for living their daily lives (grocery shopping, working, etc.)  …
She/him is not OCD, not crazy, not on drugs, not any of that ! Do you people not recognize a foreign agent who is trying to spread disease at one of the most popular and even mention places by the president and his group. I would think the heavily Asian look might be a clue
Since the COVID-19 outbreak, American discourse has shifted to how the country was unprepared for pandemic. But this is often a hedge for parasitic interests seeking bigger budgets. What America lacked, and what East Asian responses had,   …
Holy crap this Asian lady has red cheeks and is handling everything on purpose! Was she sent by the  party or is she acting alone?  …
This type of behavior is exactly what will cause social unrest against Asian Americans. Would like to see posts like this pulled and the person in the video charged with terrorism.
Tell that to Nancy Pelosi who was schmoozing all the residents in SF's China Town in early February in order to counter "anti-Asian" rhetoric. Surely you have seen the video!
Andrew Yang: We Asian Americans are not the virus, but we can be part of the cure  …
This app loves attacking Asian men unprovoked you know
Oh FFS: "Jose L. Gomez, 19, attempted to murder three Asian-American family members, including the toddler and a 6-year-old...he stabbed the family because he thought the family was Chinese, and infecting people with coronavirus."  …
A virus out of Asia that barely hits Asian countries, barely touches Africa & mainly hits Europe & America? 
Many Asian-Americans, especially Chinese-Americans, are being subject to racism from the fear of COVID-19. Please don't be xenophobic & disgusting towards us, and our race/culture. Thank you. 
& it’s funny how y’all only call out black women that wear wigs but what about the white girls, asian girls, arab girls etc. ??? just say u hate black women n goooo pls
"He watched me like I was a spider crossing the road. I was pushing my shopping cart toward the front of the Home Depot, aiming to stock up on hand soap and other supplies"... Moving read by @SeashiaVang Trump Adds to Asian-Americans’ Fears  
WHO SAID ME AND MY GIRLS ARE NOT BAD AND WE GOT OUT LITTLE ASIAN GYAL IN THE MIX !!!!!! PERIOTTT 
As an #Asian woman AND a #nurse, I feel my safety is at more risk than the norm during this #COVIDー19 crisis. I can’t even order a pink taser on @amazon and have it shipped to me while I’m working. @dougducey @kyrstensinema @MarthaMcSally #RN  …
Gotta give a shout out to Bluefim, an Asian restaurant here in Gainesville, GA who has remained open for no contact carryout, has kept all their servers employed, and who gave me a bottle of sake and offered me their personal stash of PPE b/c I work in the ERp 
I’m sorry Andrew, I have to disagree re Asian Americans having to prove their “Americanness”. Instead, maximum pressure should be put on people in leadership positions and the media to take a strong stand against racism. “The standard you walk past is the standard you accept.”
Come fill up on our 25 cent wings in one of three delicious sauces: honey BBQ, asian chile, or classic buffalo. Wash it down with vodka lemonade for just $1. Stand inches from each other. Breathe our air. Taste our Disease.
Plus every Asian person knows the "Asian discount": You have to work 10 times harder to get the same recognition. And here's the kicker: then they dismiss you with a word under their breath, "Overachiever!" If you are quiet about your efforts, you get a "sneaky overachiever!"  …
#HateIsAVirus xenophobia + racism are hurting Asian  - glad to support this campaign  
I’m running low on water and I’m so scared to go to the store... because I’m Asian.
Man Uk girls had a tough 24 hours uno, from going back and forth about ig  with the US babes, arguing this whole hairstylist unprofessional business and arguing with Asian doll about signing that sym babes lmaooo damn
FDR actually, literally, intentionally harmed Asian people.  …
the spike in incidents of violence against Asian-Americans since the onset of #coronavirus @IAmAmnaNawaz reports and talks w/Cynthia Choi of @CAAsanfrancisco @NewsHour now
Today is #CensusDay. Many folks are sharing why it's important to be counted. Here's my why. 42 years ago, my grandpa, High Chief Leuluso’o Fualauto’alasi Leatutufu, was on  that coined the term "Asian Pacific Islander" for the U.S. Census and  Thread: 
BREAKING: Report by @uclalatino @knowledgeluskin found Latino & Asian-American neighborhoods in LA are at higher risk of economic uncertainty during #COVID19 due workforce concentration in service and retail jobs that have been hit. Read full report here:  
I know you think these things harmless, but I implore you: please don't do this to us, not now. Hate crimes vs Asians are spiking. 2 weeks ago a man stabbed an Asian-American 2yo "for spreading COVID-19." Before they attack us, they dehumanize us; these products teach them how.  …
FBI may charge man who attacked Asian-Americans over coronavirus with hate crime: report  
black girls and asian girls are top tier. periodt.
Y’all can tweet “Spanish, Asian, White women, Arab women this woman and that woman are so gorgeous wtf” and black women will sit back and don’t invalidate anyone’s opinion. But a black women can’t tweet “black girls are so pretty” without y’all feeling left out.
A parent, 6 year old, and 2 year old in a family who are Asian American were stabbed in a Sams Club by a guy in Texas because "he thought they were Chinese and spreading the Coronavirus to people." But yeah keep calling it the "Chinese Virus" definitely doesn't influence idiots.
This one is for my Asian-Americans 
Foreign official holders of Treasuries dumped >$100bn in 3weeks, on course for biggest monthly drop on record. Countries reliant on oil exports & smaller Asian economies joined others seeking to unload govt debt globally to raise Dollar cash.  
If this Sydney Talker issue is really a stunt, then this is one of the reasons the government would never rate the youths. The nation & the world is hit with a pandemic but some felt it would be a good time for stunts. No Western or  would do this Emphasis on “if”
We Asian Americans are not the virus, but we can be part of the cure, @AndrewYang 
Friend is experiencing other worker's racism. Makes me want to get on a plane and go verbally cut them down to size. Ie. Handing out masks or gloves, then skip her and say your kind brought this here. You don't deserve these. Please check in with your Asian friends.
I really hate white vegans who make “healthy” versions of asian dishes
Let’s remember our Asian Champions League 2000 title, when #AlHilal beat “Jubilo” team of Japan in the final. A  and brilliant hat-trick by the Brazilian striker “Sergio Ricardo” HIGHLIGHTS  #StayingHome #AlHilal_Video
need to clear out my timeline, some of asian twitter is sickening like you’re 19 why u saying ‘can my  and get me’ the only thing u need to get rn is a jootha bari go do your a levels child
Thinking back on my stay in hospital last week - I didn't see anyone from the Tax Payers Alliance or any Brexit Party grifters nor Free Speech gobshites. I did see Asian doctors & European nursing staff - none of whom had correct PPE to wear & all were risking their life for mine
Wrote an Op-Ed in @washingtonpost about the coronavirus as both a crisis and a call to action for Asian Americans  …
A man who stabbed three members of an Asian American family because he believed they were spreading the coronavirus at a Sam's Club could face hate crime charges  …
Social impacts: - Asian American discrimination is growing, with episodic violence, including murders. - The poorest hit hardest as they are continuing to have to work in jobs that put them at high risk, and do not have resources for adequate care or relief. 5/x
My neighbor planted Asian Jasmine and it grew under my fence. I've had to cut back the bushes, install a steel border, and pull it up by hand because it was killing my grass taking over my lawn. And yes, I was thinking about the political metaphor of these tasks the whole time.
More countries are switching to masks. Yeay! That's the good. If media had earlier dug into the science of masks and the experience of Asian countries that had been successful in containing this epidemic, we could have been here weeks ago. That's the bad.  …
tiny asian takes on big nutty load to the face 
A man accused of attempting to stab and kill an Asian-American family of three because he thought they were "infecting people with the coronavirus" could face hate crime charges, the FBI said.  …
A Man Who Allegedly Tried To Kill An Asian-American Family Because Of The Coronavirus Could Face Hate Crime Charges  …
Here's the Big Question that I don't get. In 1968 the 'Hong Kong Flu' (which like 'Asian Flu' of 1957-8 & Covid 19 came from China killed) killed about 80,000 people in UK. Current epidemic has about 30K cases so far & 2.5K deaths. We didn't shut down UK plc previously. Why now?
I'm not the same domme like the ones you look at; all dommes are different and we all provide different services. Come and serve your Asian Goddess. $end. { find findom finsub asianfindom finslave paypig cashslave humanatm cashcow asiandomme 
From physical violence to micro-aggressions, Korean-Swedish cartoonist Lisa Wool-Rim Sjöblom's new  series addresses the racism Asian people around the world are experiencing in the age of coronavirus.  (via 
Dating seems impossible... I'm 24 short asian looking for a Christian white girl Who likes the anime Neon Genesis Evangelion.. If You are a white girl, Atleast an 8/10 who can do a convincing cosplay of the character "Asuka" Fire me a Dm
A crisis like this one can bring out the worst in some people. Hate has no place in this nation, not now or ever. Xenophobia toward Asian Americans has been rising and this latest attack is heartbreaking.  …
I hate being the one to say this but uuhhhh the way it's done is not wrong? It's how latinos cook rice, and rice is our base food too for every meal, it's obvsly different from most asian recipes rice bc the variety of the grain and the cooking is different  …
One thing that will never change is the racism between South Asian countries so pathetic
"For many in the  this is a new fear," says NBC News' investigative and consumer correspondent. "It is for me." 
In Illinois: (% of pop / % of cases) Black (15% / 28%) White (77% / 39%) Latinx (17% / 7%) Asian (6% / 4%) “What we are seeing in Illinois could be happening nationwide—we just don’t know.” #healthequity  …
The Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus joined leaders from the Congressional Black Caucus and the Congressional Hispanic Caucus to condemn racists attacks against Asian Americans due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Howdy im a cool Twitter Asian post going across the timeline Something something American empire something something China did nothing wrong ever 3k retweets 30k likes
As the rise in anti Asian discrimination continues, @RepJayapal & other Congress members are calling on Trump to stop referring to COVID-19 as the “Chinese 
Exactly, this is not a time to play the ' who experience racism more" game. They we're two young Asian, living in Australia. Not cool .
omfg GUYS.  racism by  engaging in POC media, and interacting, (from a distance), w/those unlike you. MORE NOT LESS dialogue changes minds. ppl should get to know MORE of us what i'm tryna say. asian ppl, you really need to start smashing, plz.  …
Media blaming Trump for the rise in hate crimes against Asian Americans is a way of absolving themselves of responsibility. For months, they ran orientalist, hawkish pieces about China and now wonder why we're suffering the consequences?  …
C4 news showing the faces of medical professionals who have died. Vast majority black or Asian. Disnae matter what colour folk are when they're saving your lives eh ya racist wanks
New post out in @monkeycageblog today with @realMABarreto. We argue that elite rhetoric in early stages of coronavirus pandemic is activating anti-Asian prejudice and shaping COVID-related anxiety  …
as a historian I find it pretty funny that east Asian countries have gained this reputation for planning  as if that isn't also what characterized the US until the left and the right together gladly dismantled this capability over the course of the late 20th century  …
Yessss @danieldaekim announces he’s recovered while shaving in his Phenomenally Asian tee. 
It is against the law (also evil) for anyone to refuse you emergency or COVID-related treatment because you are *disabled *Deaf *living with HIV *trans *LGBQ *Black *Asian *Indigenous *Latinx *Muslim *Jewish *Sikh *incarcerated
No it doesn’t. This is the pilaf method. There are other ways to cook and varieties of rice. Y’all want people to be so open about Asian food and then bully this lady for cooking rice a different way lol. Make it make sense  …
Asian markets not playing around. 
“Like hotels and airlines, coronavirus has brought Asian elephant tourism camps to their knees. But this may present a golden opportunity to reinvent a controversial industry.” 
stop following asian “activists” who are at best imperialists with a yellow face and actually listen to actual asian marxists
Due to the 19.3% Racial Wage Gap between Asian Men ($1,241 median weekly earnings) and White Men ($1,002), White Men Have to Work Until Today (Apr. 1) to Earn the Same as Asian Men Earned Last Year. #equalpayday2020 @CHSommers @JaniceFiamengo @AsheSchow @IWF @AAUW @benshapiro
half asian/half chinese 
The “Choose Your Asian” TikToks are the worst, give me more options i don’t want to choose any of em’
When I was 22, I lived in San Francisco and my landlord was a working class Asian immigrant in his 60s. He worked all week long, and spent his weekends doing maintenance on his properties. He epitomized the American dream. #landlords
Not only do you know it's a lie, you know  like this lead to an increase in hate crimes against Asian Americans. This is reckless & dangerous. It's not surprising though. Your racist history includes calling @BarackObama a "tar baby" & Confederate yard signs. 
"Blaming an ethnic group, or the  right now for the #COVID19 crisis is immoral." — SPLC's Lecia Brooks We will continue to monitor the hate incidents toward Asian Americans, LGBTQ+ people and immigrant groups during the pandemic. 
Fighting TikTok and trying to get credit is a losing battle sadly. Mostly because of the anti-blackness and ignorance Black people have been subjected to by the  They have made it CLEAR that they prioritize white people.
So I found an app that is hopefully a more ethical alternative to Instacart (Dumpling) and includes people who will shop at H-Mart, but the app fundamentally does not understand Asian foods, and so every food I want has to be entered as a custom item.
lemme see, so pretty much all Latin America, the Caribbean, tons of Middle Eastern and Central Asian cultures use oil for rice and so many other ingredients but because y'all East Asians do that bland only rice and water thing you think it is the one correct way? ok 
Under fascism, you're one of their own until you aren't. One day you're a German citizen, the next day you're a Jew or a "degenerate." One day you're American citizen, the next you're a "contagious" Asian or a "diseased" Italian "papist."
Being a short 148cm asian, studying at a western school do be like 
Every Asian mums line 
Posting this story about Japan mainly for the picture. I really think Asian countries might know something we don't. My wife makes me wear a mask when we go anywhere, and we're often the only ones. Seriously - we could take a lesson here.  …
We have reached 5000+ signatures for the #AACCStatement written by Asian American Christians in opposition to anti-Asian racism! Let’s keep getting the word out! 
Asian doctor barred from Indiana gas station by ‘violent and hateful’ clerk upholding ‘coronavirus prevention’ policy  …
Originally Son would have been required to undertake two years of military service, but as Pochettino gave him permission to play in and win the Asian Games in 2018, he only now requires this basic training which last four weeks.
and this is why we should be having conversations about how a lot of k-pop fans and even ARMYs are racist against asian people. some think bc they stan asian people and they're part of  that they can say anything and still be woke. they're wrong
Just dropped off 400 masks donated by members of the Chinese  in Central Texas and organized by my friend, Grace Chen. I applaud her mission to do good deeds  anti-Asian sentiment by those trying to racialize this pandemic. We are all in this together. 
#LISA's Instagram is the fastest in K-ent industry to reach 31M followers in 1 year, 9 months, 17 days! No.1 among K-celebs No.1 among Thai celebs No.16 among Asian artists  #lalalalisa_31M #LISA31MFollowersParty #LALISA 
Doctor Says He Was Refused Service at Indiana Gas Station for Being Asian in Coronavirus-Related Racism: 'Never Come Back' 
the people in  pissed she's not doing it the asian way...shes not asian so why would she?! asians aren't the only rice eaters in the world lmao  …
Today's pottage addition: Vegetarian mock pork. It came canned in water from the Asian grocery by the ICC offices. Ingredients: wheat gluten, soy sauce, salt, sugar. Pan fried it to crisp it up some. And holy fuck, it is DELICIOUS.
BEST #FIFA20 CAREER MODE ASIAN TALENTS • Takefusa Kubo (RCD Mallorca) • Kangin Lee (Valencia CF) • Hwang Hee Chan (RB Salzburg) • Takehiro Tomiyasu (Bologna) Who is your favourite Asian talent to use in Career Mode? 
People who don’t know the difference between the words oriental and Asian are not my kind of people.
"Coughing is now a doubly serious concern for Asian Americans. Like everyone else, we’re afraid of contracting the coronavirus. As a racial group, we have an additional fear: being profiled as disease-carriers and being maliciously coughed at."  …
every middle eastern person I know, knew turkey was lying about their #’s every asian person I know, knew china was lying about their #’s every non-leftist person I know, regardless of nationality/ethnicity, knew these countries were lying
Between anti-Semitic "Zoombombers" & racist attacks on Asian Americans, bigots are trying to seize on our fears during this crisis. But we cannot allow them to divide us in a moment when we need to be united against this public health threat. Let's fight this virus together.  …
You realize Asian people arent the only ones that cook rice right??????  …
We already have an epic health crisis; we don’t need a racialized social crisis too. @HRW’s @SeashiaVang reporting on Trump’s rhetoric and US racism against Asian Americans:  … @realDonaldTrump #IamNotAVirus #COVID19
In this time of crisis, we need to stand together against bigoted scapegoating, no matter your race, religion, or ethnicity. We’re proud to join 180+ Jewish orgs in calling for an end to the singling out of Asian-Americans, Jews, immigrants &  during this crisis.  …
Can someone show me what the Asian/Hispanic Causues have done to support BLACK people? And THEN tell me why we should have a Congressional Black Caucus when they bootlick the same people who undermine us?  …
Rice isn't eaten alone in the asian case, unless it is a dish of its own— and in THIS case it isn't. Rice cooked like this (w/out oil&salt however) is supposed to be eaten with a viand. You won't need oil if you know how to measure water properly anyway.
Asian doctor barred from Indiana gas station by ‘violent and hateful’ clerk upholding ‘coronavirus prevention’ policy  …
Do your part to speak out against racist language and ideas that associate Asian people with COVID-19 stigma. #WashTheHate 
May is Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month. Telling you this now because every May, a lot of folks, including Asian Americans -- hell, especially Asian Americans -- are surprised to learn that this official observance exists. Consider this your 30-day heads up.
Asian girl’s Asian men are toxic and trash
Op-Ed: Trump's  are fueling hate crimes against Asian Americans. It's time for state leaders to step in  … (via @latimesopinion)
COVID-19 targets us all. That is why we led a coalition of over 180 Jewish orgs calling on political leaders & all Americans to reject the singling out of Asian Americans, immigrants, Jews, or any  at this moment of crisis. Our statement:  …
From Jim Crow to anti-Asian hate, race has always been a preexisting condition in American epidemics. So I wrote about it.  …
Woke up and found myself immediately inspired by this amazing list of  organizations courageously witnessing against anti-Asian bigotry, xenophobia and anti-Semitism. #gratitude  …
I spoke to @cathyparkhong about racism against Asian-Americans during the time of covid, her new book MINOR FEELINGS, and society's perception of Asian-American identity in the US for @guardian. These questions are important now, as ever. Read her  …
oh one last thing: Americans have gotta stop thinking that Asian countries can't POSSIBLY know what they're doing when  to science and medicine. they lived thru SARS yo. we gotta get over our american exceptionalism bullshit bc this is why we  unprepared.
We already have an epic health crisis; we don’t need a racialized social crisis too. @HRW’s @SeashiaVang reporting on Trump’s rhetoric and US racism against Asian Americans:  …
Austria's chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, has said he is following Asian countries in introducing stricter measures to fight COVID-19, adding that the example of Wuhan in China shows the virus can be beaten.  …
CBP ag specialists in Baltimore continue to protect America's vital agricultural resources; they recently discovered an egg mass of the highly destructive Asian gypsy moth on a coal ship hatch. More via @CBPMidAtlantic:  
“Asian Americans need allies who will intervene when they see racial profiling happening. We need to learn from American history and have the courage and leadership to counteract fear and anxiety in this time of crisis.”  …
(I also don't believe for a minute that the majority of mask hoarders were Asian Americans. the folks who wear masks on a regularly basis probably had them lying around at all times like you do Kleenex or toilet paper or floss.) 12/
I was so angry at the way this was used as a way to further anti-asian racism. I was so angry at how ppl assumed when you wore a mask it meant you were either sick or selfish. I was so angry that ppl used the mask thing to feel like they were BETTER than those who wore them 7/
"How asian are you?" You ever watched Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon on Star Plus?
All u “Asian Rappers” Better Not Start Rapping About Black Solidarity Now That YOU are Being Racially Profiled
Shit maybe Asian Americans need to pull a Larry David and wear MAGA hats
FBI says Texas stabbing that targeted Asian American family was hate crime fueled by coronavirus fears 
List of films every British asian knows 
I get pissed off at my fellow South Asian women who lean into our white-adjacency. It’s both illusory for ourselves and so harmful to other WOC.
There's been an increase in hate incidents against Asian Americans, LGBTQ+ people, and immigrants due to #COVID19. "A significant factor fueling the frequency of this trend is the racist rhetoric of President Donald Trump." — SPLC's Lecia 
Asian aunties suffer from believeeverythingyouseeonWhatsApp syndrome
Vintage Sango China Rose Bouquet Large Teapot & Lid, Japan, Asian Decor, Home Decor, Collectibles, Farmhouse Decor, Decoratice Objects  via @Etsy #SpecialTParty #etsyspecialt
[FOR TWEET COUNTS] Magbigay ng Asian country, as many as you can. Game? Game! #SB19RandomPlayDance #SB19_ShowBreak #SB19 @SB19Official
fuck it, bfs r all asian, i can say so bc im asian
Our team at @SwarajyaMag have painstakingly translated recorded sermons at the Tablighi masjid at Nizamuddin. Five days after South East Asian govt's had raised alarm about Tabligh event in Malaysia they're preaching about "not abandoning mosques"  …
If you’re Asian, by law you HAVE to know Amplifier 
Obviously, i dont believe a word China says. But if you look at the other Asian countries, it's truly remarkable how much better their  were than western countries.
This is the worst type of Asian boy I hate them with every inch of my being  …
Hate crimes against Asian Americans are on the rise across the country, and one of the worst occurred here in Texas last month. As we fight this virus together we must  hatred and xenophobia wherever it raises its ugly head.  …
ALL TIME RECORD! Megastar #SalmanKhan  The First Asian Actor, I Repeat First and Only Asian Actor To Hit #10Billion (1000 Crore) Hashtag Views On #Tiktok! He's MOST HASHTAGED ACTOR of Asia & MOST HASHTAGGED INDIAN On #TikTok With Around 1000 Crore+ Hashtag 
“I’ve literally been like, How can I make myself look less Asian when I go out?” Horrifying NYC dispatch from ⁦  …
Also being that she's half Asian and half black. Both races tend to age like we were dipped in the fountain of youth.
It makes me sad to read the replies to Dr. Tam’s tweets. Nearly hostility & non-constructive criticism. I think it’s at least partially driven by racism b/c she is Asian. Why can’t Canadians pull together? Years of Cons dividing us.
stop idolising fanboys. especially asian fanboys. he isnt gonna date you, he isnt gonna be ur kpop bf, you are simply just fooling yourself :)
Yes, every single one whether black, white, Asian. Everyone is west African.  …
I’ll never forget 2 years ago going to a MLK summit on race and an Asian woman stood up and said “I don’t consider myself a person of color and i don’t think other Asians do either” I immediately chirped out loud: “You’ll have your turn in this era too, just wait”  …
Asian #ttrpg creators, there is still a month to join  …
Trump* and his GOP enablers fueled this attempted murder with their insistence on using the term 'Chinese Virus'. Stabbing of an Asian-American family has been deemed a hate crime by the feds. #coronavirus #COVID19 #SigmaResists #OneVoice1  …
MENA countries cook rice like that too and we are technically asian. wow there is another way to eat rice in diffrent cultures that must be shocking
Scapegoating Asian-Americans and Jews for the spread of the coronavirus has a “genuine threat” that will rob America of its civility, World Jewish Congress President Ronald Lauder warned in a recent op-ed. 
2 sisters were spat at and verbally assaulted in an anti-Asian, coronavirus-related attack in Australia — here’s what we know 
In reality there is no shortage (see below)>> Food Security Fears Are Starting to Threaten Asian #Rice Exports Panic buying at supermarkets and hoarding have raised fears over food supplies  
Asian Swifties deserves better. I said what i said.
“I’m kind of parenting my parents.” Journalist @Mobeen_Azhar explains how some Asian TV channels are spreading mis-information to the parent generation. Listen to #CoronavirusNewscast on BBC Sounds  
2012 in Asian music  
'Racism  roaring back with Covid-19': Cathy Park Hong on being Asian American  …
Happy 100 year to the ultimate Asian daddy to rule all Daddies. 
The male Asian American experience is hard to put into words. @davidbfung insightful analysis manages to describe some of  …
Suspect who robbed Asian couple in Bungoma, bombed two cars with IED shot dead: PHOTOS  
Asian American students and their families are suffering due to racist rhetoric and actions surrounding COVID-19. These  by NEA can help you report incidents, and get mental health support and legal aid to affected students.  …
Greatest Asian player of all time 
"Asian virus resurgence portends poorly for recovery hopes"  … This is the PRC's fault. The CCP lied. Never forget that.
Jinnah's challenge in mid-20th century & his contribution to Muslim civilisation can not be understood without a very deep grasp of South Asian history! Many  without that understanding & are stuck in 19-20th century British politics!  …
Who is your favourite Asian World Cup star? @Tim_Cahill @SamiAlJaber Park Ji-sung @kskgroup2017 Alireza Beiranvand VOTE 
I used to joke with friends from other south Asian nations that their Supreme Courts were an extension of their executive. I used to challenge them that any orders can be made. I used to sometimes take bets on specific cases. Now they are laughing at me. Sigh!
It's not paranoia. It's not an "Asian obsession." MASKS WORK. And here's the evidence. by @jgriffiths ht @AdrienYBurch @HKUMed @zeynep @AbraarKaran @Birdyword #COVID19 #COVID2019  …
Japan will ban foreign travelers from 73 countries including the United States, China and Australia in an effort to protect from imported cases of coronavirus. We wrote about the trend towards border controls among east Asian countries here: 
The Racism Chinese and even Asian people will face when this whole Coronavirus pandemic is over will be scary.... Well, they can ask black people for past questions and reaction guide..
Dancing with my mom on Instagram live for my queer Bollywood hip hop night after she surprised me and joined the chat is the highlight of my 2020! - being gay an south Asian can suck but have faith and you’ll find it gets easier and happier #lgbtqia #southasian #desi #gay 
He is not asian he is catfishing and he is himself racist lmfaoooo he is probably white who is talking about asian and black culture istg 
Did you know, if you missed it or want to watch again...you can watch our Virtual Zoo Tour on @YouTube Tune in to learn about our: Red Pandas Rothschild's Giraffes Asian Elephants Butterflies Sun Bears Sumatran Tigers Humboldt Penguins Fish & Sloths  …
This makes me berserk with rage. Please look out after your Asian friends, family, colleagues, neighbors, and even random strangers! No one deserves to be treated like this!  …
This is how Asian man dem turn up for a 1 on 1  …
Essential listening. @TheoHen95302259 covers wide-ranging issues of injustice during the #COVID19 lockdown in LA. Interviews with @LamDemelam and @LinhCo87195253 on anti-Asian sentiments and the City's new shelters.  …
While many Europeans & Americans for some reason still refuse to wear masks, Chinese in my office building wear covers on their shoes A mask can't hurt! I wonder if Asian habit of taking off shoes at home & showering at night has an impact as well on transmission rates 
yup asian men superior yup yup 
If you not Asian.....I’m not watching your tech tutorial
WTF STRAINER? OIL? SAAALT!? THAT AINT ASIAN RICE THROW THAT SHIT AWAY
US teen in Texas tried to kill an Asian family because he thought they were Chinese & thus virus carriers. Yellow peril racism against Asians is awful Blood is on the hands of Texas Senator @JohnCornyn who has spread racist statements about  …
On today’s #CoronavirusNewscast… What can the police fine you for doing? @DrRosena and @Mobeen_Azhar on how  in the UK are responding to coronavirus ‘Nice-olation’ with Nadine from Girls Aloud! 
asian checkered 
So again: Yes, some Filipinos look/are East Asian. Yes, some Filipinos have faced COVID-related racism. Yes, we must fight racism. BUT the reality is Filipinos experience racism differently. Racists may not give a f**k about  & nuance, but we must.
15% of Filipinos report being harassed or threatened pretty much every month, the highest rate among all Asian American groups. 
19% of Filipinos report that they’ve been unfairly denied promotion at their job, the highest frequency among all Asian American ethnic groups. 
Your new Asian route map (more of a no-fly map), from this excellent @NAR story on now #COVID19 poleaxed globalisation in Asia  
On the latest #CoronavirusNewscast you can hear @RavWilding talking about police powers and we discuss what it’s like for some  during the lockdown with @DrRosena @Mobeen_Azhar and @HarjapBhangal take a listen  …
Mexicans can be black, white or Asian but-
Christina Kelman is a vegetable farmer in the Sydney basin and is #keepingusfed with cucumbers and Asian greens. Christina has just planted a whopping 15,000 cucumbers and has 5,000 kale bunches going in every fortnight>  #calmyourfarm 
East Asian public health experts have been warning us about asymptomatic transmission for weeks. But western public health experts didn't listen until an icelandic study revealed a huge number of them. Why do they keep dismissing east asian experts?  …
Jack Ma is China’s biggest and most generous philanthropist. His help to countries across the world including Pakistan is admirable Alibaba Co-Founder Jack Ma Sends Medical Supplies to Seven More Asian Countries to Fight Coronavirus - Sputnik International  …
"Is he Asian?" "He's never mentioned being." 
asian women 4ever elite
"ARMYs have a problem with every Asian act that makes it in the US." No, we have a problem with Asian acts that make it in the US using underhanded tactics. There are several acts I can think of who minded their business and promoted the right way, and ARMYs didn't say a word.
hiii im making a new gc for south asian/brown stans bc i really don’t see any color on the tl! retweet to join, must be: - active - just a little bit problematic - stan anyone - if you let it d word you will d word also if you have south asian mutuals tag them
Given these factors, trying to slowly build herd immunity in a population with a virus with Re~2.5 and CFR~1.5% isn't realistic - especially since we currently don't understand immunity to HCoV-19. We must instead focus on using the Asian model of testing, tracing, and isolating.
The  murder I'm aware of since coronavirus started spiking anti-Asian racism.  …
Don't bring Africans into this. Its not a topic of who has it worse. The topic here is the abuse on the  lets concentrate on that
47% of immigrants to the us in the past decade had a college degree according to census data expect the immigration debate to shift towards high-skilled visas as latinos trend gop and the increasing asian immigrant population threatens domestic tech jobs  …
MARIAH IS HAVING ANOTHER ASIAN TOUR ON DECEMBER OMFGGGGGG 
My anniversary with my girlfriend  up soon and she's Asian and I am so tempted to give her a plastic bat in soup as dinner just because I think it'll be funny. So on a scale of 1 to death by chopsticks, how angry do you think she will be? 
Rep. Judy Chu on the increase of anti-Asian incidents in the US: "These are very, very alarming and they're not helped by President Trump whose been calling this the 'Chinese virus'. Every time he says that, it just fans the flames of xenophobia." 
FBI says Texas stabbing that targeted Asian American family was hate crime fueled by coronavirus fears 
Check out this video from @PBS. Asian Americans, a 5-part documentary, airs next month. I was lucky to take part in the filming last spring and could bring my daughter to the set.  …
Our flagship economic publication, the Asian Development Outlook, will provide an update on the economic impact of #COVID19 on Asia Pacific, & analysis on what the recovery may look like. TUNE IN to the launch at 9:30 AM (GMT+8) Friday here:  
“These horrible stories reverberate through every single  Whether you’re Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Indian, Pakistani, Filipino, Cambodian, Laotian — Asian-focused racism doesn’t bother to differentiate.”  …
Every asian on my ig story feed is growing green onions
Highest unemployment rate recorded in our country was in 1986 at 7.4%. During Asian Financial Crisis in the late 90s and Global Financial Crisis in the late 2000s, ue rates were kept below 4%. We'll probably see ue rate spikes  months  
In 3 days the Czech Republic produced 10 million homemade reusable face masks, mandated the use of wearing masks in public, and reduced the spread of infection. The Czech Republic is the only non Asian country to do this. So far. Wake Up.  …
These KN95 respirator masks are only $5US, 5¢ per refill. Good quality, easy to clean. But not certified outside China. They also don't fit a high nose well. But fine for many Black, Asian, Latinx people. We could never get them through customs. Hospitals would never accept them. 
Asian countries literally have the virus contained and racist ass Americans who can’t even sit their ass at home think they’re superior.
The way black and Asian leaders degrade and infantalise their peoples contributes to the discrimination we face globally. There is no excuse for the kind of public humiliation and summary punishments we've seen from some countries in the last few weeks.  …
Today is #EqualPayDay. The average US woman makes 82 cents for every $1 men make. But it’s 11% lower for Asian women, 22% lower for white women, 39% lower for black women, and 44% lower for Latina women. There is no excuse for this. Even if you work at Fox news.
"My own conclusion: A black man attacked Madame Zhu, and blacks are likely the perpetrators in every other of the story’s attack. Readers never learn the race of any attacker in what we are led to believe is a coast-to-coast anti-Asian rampage."  …
First version of this asian - steam punk mixed background done 
Just as it's not enough to say, "Well, I'm not a high risk for getting seriously ill from Covid19, so why should I care?" It's also not enough to say, "Well, I don't think that way about my Asian American brothers and sisters." Racism spreads unless we take a stand against it.  …
Racism is real, its not just a talking point. Particularly when you have a president called the virus a Chinese Virus. Stabbing of Asian-American 2-Year-Old and Her Family Was a Virus-Fueled Hate Crime: Feds  …
Never give  story. RW gave birth to untouchability in India, Caliphate in Middle East, Imperialism of Europe, that destroyed American, African, Asian tribes through conversion & slavery. RW institutionalised misogyny/homophobia, around world. Tricks to feel SUPERIOR.  …
The wisdom of Western democracy is being seriously questioned now, as the world sees over last few weeks the less democratic Asian countries are more effective in tackling the #COVID19 ourbreak. Skepticism, strong or mild, is brewing now among many circles.
SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL ASIAN BUSINESSES.
FBI says Texas stabbing that targeted Asian American family was hate crime fueled by coronavirus fears. Trump has repeatedly referred to coronavirus as “the China virus,” drawing ire from critics who say the term is dangerous for the animosity it foments.  …
Last thing that feels important (& isn't in the piece): One man told me he'd thought very seriously about taking his family to their second home in California, but ultimately decided not to — b/c they're Asian, & "the county is 85% white, 1% Asian, & in 2016 was 43% Trump voters"
Only the South Asian diaspora, pushing their 40s is pressed by this tweet. I said what I say, now stay mad.
"Jose L. Gomez, 19, confessed to authorities that he attempted to murder three Asian-American family members, including the toddler and a 6-year-old, on March 14" Shouldn't this be getting a little more coverage?  … via @Yahoo
Y’all this shit is getting out of hand!!! Stabbing of Asian-American 2-Year-Old and Her Family Was a Coronavirus-Fueled Hate Crime, Feds Say  …
Having family from the Philippines who lived here during WWII and the "Asian Panic" that came with it. It troubles and angers me that we are repeating this shit again because of the racist in the White House and his Republican sycophants.
Senator Cotton, please read this statement from our Asian brothers and sisters. Think of what they’re going through and refrain from  that could lead to further harm.  …  
This f**ker, Jose L. Gomez (19) stabbed a two-year old Asian American child because he thought they were Chinese and spreading the virus.  …
Emerging Asia's two worst-performing currencies are the Indonesian rupiah and the Thai baht, after they topped the Asian list last year 
Congratulations @RepShakowski for including the HCOP and Centers of Excellence in the CARES Act for Covi-19 - we advocated for more Latino & Black & Native American & URM Asian doctors & health professionals @NHMACYP @NHMACOR @NMA @AAIP1971 @NCAPIPComms @LMSA_National
Singapore is not a real Democracy. More of a mild autocracy. And you  an Asian country of 5 million people willing to place  and society needs over individual liberty to a western democracy of 300 million people with fundamental rights like the US.  …
Today is #EqualPayDay. The average U.S. woman makes 82c for every $1 men make. But inequality varies. According to  to white men, pay is: 11% lower for Asian women 22% lower for white women 39% lower for Black women 44% lower for Latina women 
THIS IS AMAZING. Rooting for Kim’s to get to Season 7 next because I’d like to see an Asian North American family sitcom reach that mark in my lifetime Congrats all!  …
There's  trope that asian american parents like their kids to be doctors bc it's safe In reality it's bc immigrants recognize that working hard and successfully being a doctor is the most discrimination-resistant path to social mobility  recognition
funny how asian parents say we’re wasting our time on the internet when they’re the ones that get fake news from facebook to spew back at us LOL
Should this grub  to the Asian people being subject to abuse thanks to him and others in the bigot cheer squads?  …
Worth noting who the China watchers are who decry other people for not being critical enough of the CCP but have said almost nothing about extensive reports of discrimination & racism against people of Chinese (& East Asian) descent across the globe or framed it as China's fault
CRAZY LADIES - PART 2 "I Though Asian Women Were Submissive!" "Oh Yeah? Well, SCREW YOU, Sister!!" Crazy Women In #TheOffice Clash While Solving an Old Mystery! Amazon Worldwide US:  #FREE on #KindleUnlimited #ASMSG #IARTG #Bookboost #WriterLift 
I swear asian boys with perms all look the fucking same
u btches think what hes saying is "corny" bc hes trying to translate a korean idiom into english for a western audience shows just how far off the grid y'all are.. stanning asian artists .. KOREAN artists and yet cudnt understand that hes translating a korean saying .. dmbfks
The claim that Chinese and Asian descent are synonymous is far more racist than referring to this virus as even the Kung Flu The claim that it is designed to stigmatize people of such is a brazen lie I think Rice believes herself to be more popular in Asia than she is.  …
American friends, I encourage you to read and sign this Asian American Christian Collaborative statement - organized by leaders I trust - to  anti-Asian racism in the time of COVID-19  … #aaccstatement
Just submitted a paper w/ one of my trainees...we are both women w/ South Asian names- she asked if she should request double-blind review and I said YES!!! So glad this is an option now (not our usual subject anyway so reviewers can't guess)- minority women face tougher reviews
Solidarity w the family who was severely wounded in the attack who is now recovering & soli with the worker who took it upon himself to intervene & is now recovering. Soli with the  around the world who is facing similar attacks. Stand against racist terror!
A racist attack occurred at a Sam's in Midland,TX- 3 Asian family members, including a 2yr old & 6yr old were stabbed.The attacker declared he stabbed the family because he thought they were Chinese,& infecting people w the coronavirus. An employee intervened & was also stabbed
The vicious stabbing of an Asian-American family, including a 2-year-old girl, in Texas earlier this month amid a global coronavirus pandemic has been deemed a hate crime by federal authorities.  …
For every $1 a man makes, a woman makes 81 cents. For black women, it's 62 cents; for Native American women, it's 57 cents; for Asian American and Pacific Islander women it's 92 cents; and for Latina women it's 54 cents. It's unacceptable.
Today's awesome #frog is the Southeast Asian Fanged Frog Limnonectes dabanus! Males have very large, odd, heads & a strange call (I was expecting something scarier for such a beast frog!). 1/3. 
As Asian-Americans across the U.S. face increased harassment during this pandemic, let's remember that everyone deserves respect. Bigotry does not belong in  We’re all in this together as Americans.
Rep. Judy Chu, head of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, said about 100 hate incidents a day have been directed at Asian Americans. 
There's no actual shortage, but fears about food security have some Asian nations moving to secure their supplies of rice 
Representation matters bt I  u push for inclusiveness when we're talking abt access to hlthcare, edu, emplymt etc & not a tiktok video tht was made in fun & among friends most likely & also when we're in a room full of white pple & we're lump'd in with the Asian region  …
Proud to join the @aaja @washthehate campaign  discrimination against people of Asian decent during the #coronavirus pandemic. Spread the love & #WashTheHate. #AAJAFamily 
Did you know that wet markets are still open and operating in #China and some East Asian countries amid #coronavirus 
Asian MUAs on snapchat are trying the hardest to convince people they can cook when we all know they can't. Baked beans salan? Adding spices to baked beans does not count as cooking and it definitely isn't salan. Tuna pasta salad? Really? What next - a jam on toast tutorial?
Always use an Asian 
We hear you. The Census considers Latino an ethnicity but not a race. This is because  in all shades (there are white Latinos, Afro-Latinos, Asian Latinos, etc.). Both questions need to be answered. If you need help, check out this guide:  …
These 5 Female Idols Give Off The Biggest “Crazy Rich Asian” Princess Vibe  …
shocking: racist man uses token asian man as a token. more at 12.  …
If you have flour + water, you can make my Basic Asian Dumpling Dough. Here’s how ⁦ @SplendidTable⁩  …
Got yelled at when I went outside today lol so reminder that 1) masks have been proven to reduce transmissions 2) masks are very normally worn anyway for many folks in Asian countries 3) don’t be a racist
I signed this statement addressing the recent rise of anti-Asian racism in our country. In the name of Jesus Christ, we must denounce racism & xenophobia & stand w/ our Asian brothers & sisters. Consider reading, signing, & amplifying this  …
"We, the undersigned, join together as Asian American Christians  leaders to denounce the current rise in overt anti-Asian racism throughout our country. " Glad to stand in solidarity with my Asian sisters and brothers. Please sign.  …
People of Asian heritage across the world are facing an uptick in bias, discrimination & hate. Trump has made the problem worse by repeatedly calling Corona the Chinese Virus. Please support all those who are struggling & let’s be sure to vote the hater in chief out of office.
In the wake of the coronavirus outbreak, Asian American Christians release a statement denouncing xenophobia, standing in solidarity with victims, and directing Christians to speak out and make changes in their churches, schools,   …
reading about the 1957 H2N2 "Asian flu," which killed 2 million people worldwide and ~70,000 people in the US, and it's pretty crazy that we basically didn't shut anything down and just allowed to it to pass through the population 
If you’re concerned about the recent rise in racism toward Asian Americans, please read and sign this “Statement on Anti-Asian Racism in the Time of COVID-19,” written by Asian American Christian leaders across the country—and get involved. #AACCStatement  …
Just as it's not enough to say, "Well, I'm not a high risk for getting seriously ill from Covid19, so why should I care?" It's also not enough to say, "Well, I don't think that way about my Asian American brothers and sisters." Racism spreads unless we take a stand against it.  …
If you don’t think the Coronavirus is causing an increase in hate and violence against Asian-Americans, block me. If you don’t see why changing the name to “Chinese Virus” is xenophobic and problematic, block me. Just say you don’t care about Asian-Americans and go. I’m tired. 
I stand in solidarity with 
BE NICE TO ASIAN PEOPLE.
Coping With COVID-19 Crisis: Hollywood’s Asian Community Calls On Allies For Support As Coronavirus Misinformation Spurs Hate  
i haven’t been on asian junkie in months and i decided to go through the bts section no words
Asian men out-earn white men but  everyone's earnings to what white men earn.  …
How do the trajectories for the rate of confirmed cases differ between world regions? red = Asian countries blue = European countries green = North American & Caribbean countries [Here is the interactive chart for all countries:  
"What's scary is you wear a mask, you get targeted. You don't wear a mask, you get targeted. It doesn't fucking matter. I've literally been like, How can I make myself look less Asian when I go out?"  …
Racism against Asian Americans is on the rise in the time of COVID-19. On the last day of #WomensMonth, let's celebrate and uplift Asian and Asian-American women who make this country great. Who are some Asian and AAPI women you'd like to shout out?
Sign the #aaccstatement. Asian American Christian leaders speak up against the anti-Asian racism that is rising due to Covid-19. 
The vicious stabbing of an Asian-American family, including a 2-year-old girl, at a Sam’s Club in Texas earlier this month has been deemed a hate crime by the feds 
Some real experience: 1. The paramedics that took me to the hospital: South Asian 2. All the nurses taking care of me 24/7: South Asian 3. The Xray doctor: African 4. The doctors: Egyptian and South Asian Instead of hyping Kuwaiti response, be proud Kuwait is a 
jsyk April Fool's Day isnt an excuse to make racist jokes yall dont have rights to joke about it just because yall stan bts or like kpop and is fascinated by the culture, or have asian friends
wrote about the new anxieties Asian-Americans are dealing with when going out in public. thanks to everyone who shared their stories here  
there are two wolves inside me. one wants to make my island a gothic hellscape, the other wants to make it an asian bamboo sanctuary. i am broke.
Every voice that attests to the imago dei present in all people, must therefore also detest the lies trying to detract from the humanity, dignity, & welfare of others. Would you stand with Asian Americans and sign this? #aaccstatement #aacc #iamnotavirus 
The Asian girls from Stockton woulda killed this bitch....twice  …
Asian girls are so pretty wow
