#antiAsianracism Really appreciate this town hall. Recognition of institutional racism and intentional attacks on Black, Brown, Indigenous and Asian, queer and people with disabilities as a problem for all of society. Thank you presenters and team!
Report: More Than 650 Racist Attacks Against Asian-Americans Over Past Week  … 
Public health experts in Asia  different advice on mask wearing than western public health experts. I suggest we listen to those who have been more successful in controlling the outbreak. That means asian public health experts.  …
IM SUCH A PROUD SISTER !!! my little brother has been having online classes and there was this little white boy who told his Asian classmate she was the reason they can’t go to school and my little brother goes “Connor didn’t u get sent home for lice”
160329 KU Asian Music Awards 
“Are we demanding that asians face a little less racism? Or are we demanding that we can all live and be free? To be fighting anti-asian racism, we need to be fighting for the most vulnerable populations amongst us, and they may or may not be Asian as well”-Timmy #AntiAsianRacism
"Are Asians going to ask to feel just a little less racism? Or can we dream big, fight anti-Asian racism, and fight FOR the most vulnerable amongst us, whether they are Asian or not?" asks @timmyhlu in the #AntiAsianRacism town hall
Timmy Lu of AAPI-Force on the #antiasianracism townhall: In this time can we dream big and ensure that while fighting anti-asian racism we are also fighting for the most vulnerable among us to be free? #multiracialjustice
“Racism is a structuring force, that continues to colour our assumptions...At the same time, it gaslights the experiences  in the margins and intersections — Māori, Pacific, Muslim, Asian, queer, disabled. People denied access to meaningful representation and power”  …
Approximately 2K people on this call right now from around the world including non-Asians. Solidarity has always been a challenge within the  but what are we - am I - doing to be anti-racist to build solidarity with other people of color? 
"This is an opportunity for Asian Americans who have been used as a pawn to ask ourselves which direction are we going to lean? Are we going to lean into being white and continue to be a pawn? How are we being used in white supremacy?" @kabzuag #AntiAsianRacism Townhall
Asian girls really out here tho
Here's where to get unreal Asian food delivery in Toronto #Toronto 
I am an Asian American student at @USC majoring in Communication. I submitted this photoshopped image for a @USCAnnenberg class project. Created it back in February but it seems to be  more and more relevant. @NextShark @mayleeasia #CoronaLockdown 
Non Asian Australians were also on Xmas Island. Asian Australians are in hotels. But rescue flights from China were pretty much the only ones the government did. Your faux racism tweet is a disgrace.
Thankful to my dear friend @gregorycendana for helping organize this Anti-Asian Racism townhall and for leaders like @msladyjustice1 for the solidarity #RacismisaVirus #CoronaVirus 
The South Asian nation with the world's second largest population. RT From India: Experts Say Anti-malarial drug currently only remedy for COVID-19  …
Breaks my heart to see Asian-Americans, like us, but passengers on this American soil, subject to racist attacks for nCoV-blame. Sickening, disheartening, evil.
New Speed Build:  I built a Japanese dream mansion on a 40x30 lot in Sakura Hills: It's part of @nando_aze1's Asian Adventures World Mod. The build is CC free & unmodded! ID: KateEmerald Lot: Japanese Dream Mansion (No CC) #ShowUsYourBuilds 
but when we moved away from an asian person due to legitimate health protocols we were in the wrong? I’m confused  …
the response to this video should be cries for education and solidarity across races, not joining in the project of racism. racism, anti-Black and anti-Asian, is an international tool of imperialists. buying into the division strengthens that tool and furthers the project
hasan is the only non embarrassing south asian man  …
The number of people r quick to tell me that we should tell  to directly contact the policy or other authorities if they are the target of anti-Asian racism are forgetting the historical context of systemic racism against Indigenous, Black, Latinx & Asian Americans.
Grateful for everyone, including @lsridaran from @SAALTweets, for pushing us to think about the interpersonal attacks Asian folks are experiencing AND look at the source of the pain which is state violence. #AntiAsianRacism
Nikkei Asian Review: ‘Apple Weighs Delaying 5G iPhone Launch by Months, Sources Say’  …
support @goldhouseco and asian small biz. some good discounts here too. i just bought 3 cases of kombucha  …
in the name of pan asian solidarity i am asking you to follow one of my fellow hapa kings who is new to this site. unfortunately they hail from one of our more backwards brother races but bringing forward such peoples is central to coprosperity and the yamato spirit  …
On the #VarietyAfterShow, @wongbd gets emotional about facing stereotypes early on in his prolific acting career: "Casting directors and producers would say to us, 'Asian people are not funny'"  
2/2 @DePaulU denounces anti-Asian and anti-Asian American bigotry. We stand together as a Catholic,  that values human dignity. Read more from our president at  
Recognize that some Asian's are being used as pawns within the US society to continue patterns of segregation and racism. Helping  to recognize these moments can help to build bridges  #AntiAsianRacism
Hello twitter I’m your host, a Vietnamese ladyyyy! Harassing Asian people over COVID-19 is, guess what, super uncool!!! Racism is NOT cool!!!
Had to go do some more grocery shopping today. Highly  checking out your local asian markets— still a lot of meat and packaged foods left. It was nice to see ppl following the distancing rules and it wasn’t crowded. Stocked up on kimchi for the month too lol 
Asian girls that whisper when speaking on the phone or sending vns, do you live in the library? Speak up lol
As Asian Americans, when we fight for people to be released from ICE detention, we can't turn around and support pushing other people of color into those same systems through criminalization, through calling the police. - Kabzuag Vaj of @AboutFreedomInc #AntiAsianRacism
The town hall on #antiAsianracism discusses how we can keep our Asian siblings safe from hate crimes *without* involving the police and further criminalizing Black &  Tune in here:  …
•BIGBANGs first Arena Tour in the states sold out in 2 Hours. Huge  considering it’s the first time an Asian Act is doing this. •BTS’s first American Stadium tour sold out in 15 minutes. This is historical because even western artists don’t sell out this quick. 
“This is a crisis of capitalism, even though it’s a health challenge... The impacts we’re seeing aren’t just bc the virus is new, but bc our social safety net was not as strong as we need it to be.” Angela Peoples on the Town Hall on Anti-Asian Racism #solidarity #Covid_19
A store in Tokyo’s Okubo neighborhood that serves the Southeast Asian  put up a sign in Japanese to let residents know they had masks for sale. The owner said, “Japan’s in trouble and I want to do what I can to help.”  …
// @DrDoom122 Yeah, no. Keep your gross follow. As an "ugly" darker skinned asian, I'm saying you're racist, ignorant, and immature. This isn't to say you cant learn or get better, but it's nobody's job to educate you. That's something you need to figure out yourself. 
What's outrageous is that Andrew Scheer knows the Chinese have returned the favour, but is pleasuring his ghastly base with anti-Chinese/Asian bigotry that is  a real problem.  Why does the Ugly American hate Canada so  …
3 ninjas is wild because these kids are supposedly part asian that’s them and their Japanese grandfather last pic 
Low/cancelled factory orders from US and Europe bad for Asian industry, but remember that (a) 60% of Asian #trade is internal to the region (b) most Asian #jobs are in the services sector. This is not the 70s or even 90s as I explain in "The Future is Asian". #economics 
yall wanna fight against racism until an asian person speaks up about how it’s done to them. and it’s always disregarded and belittled. if u wanna fight against racism then fight for everybody.
Charting the devastating impact of the revolution and civil war on Central Asian agriculture 
quarantine is hitting my parents hard, they’ve started talking in rly racist asian accents, they snapped
Some Asian-Americans in the Twin Cities and across the nation are facing hostility as the U.S.  the country with the largest number of cases of COVID-19, caused by a virus that President Donald Trump controversially dubbed the "Chinese flu." 
Every asian boy thinks they’ll look like this when they shave their heads, boy were u wrong  …
Surely you’ve seen this circulating. Don’t prolong the #COVID19 pandemic. Life in Asian countries is returning back to normal. We can too if you take the right steps. Fix the guidance on masks now. 
White guys be like “asian people are are DISGUSTING ” and then proceed to fantasize about getting cucked by his sweaty beer belly jaundice eyed Dirty ass hole best best friend joe railing his girlfriend before his very eyes?? LOL
Kenapa white people dipanggil white people sedangkan asian people lebih white daripada white people.
for DIY mask-makers. don't @me with lectures. scroll on by if you're still convinced no mask is better. i'm not. never have been. spent too much time in asian countries where  considerate practice when one is sick. i trust them more.  …
There are many things we will need to examine and change post-pandemic. One of these things will be to change how many Asian nations treat animals. We can't look the other way on this any longer.  …
Those Asian massage places are still cool to go to?
Swaminathan was always a congressi. He was tasked by indirag to bring about green revolutuon. He did it by importing rice varities from Manila from Asian rice research institute, funded by Rotschilds resulting in the death of 100s of indigenous rice varities.
The likes of Cambridge Analytica should microtarget the meme "not wearing masks is anti-Asian racism" at the Blue Tribe and "wear a mask to own the libs" at the Red Tribe. Only then we'll all be saved.
US terrorization of Asian Americans, 2016, colorized 
if you're white and your first reaction to asian queer media, be it danmei or A-grade movies or shoujo manga, is contempt laced w disdain I don't want u interacting w me
The West is going to decimate our elderly population because we’re too pig-headed to learn anything from Asian countries that’ve already beat this. Please don’t go shopping in the midst of a respiratory virus pandemic without covering your mouth and nose!  …
I had to reassure the checkout lady at the Asian market like 5 times that I wasn't planning on EATING the borax I was buying which leads me to wonder: which one of you cracker ass portlanders did something stupid and freaked out all the Fubonn employees
I hope @Kroger on 7505 N. MacArthur Blvd is making sure that charges are brought against the lady who spat at an Asian family this afternoon and blaming them for the coronavirus. This is unacceptable. My niece could not even finish her Shopping because she was so upset.
Thank you for all the love so far of our latest zine Asian American #FeministAntibodies: Care in the Time of Coronavirus (in collab w/ @bluestockings)! We now have printable b/w versions of all our zines  Instructions: 2-sided + short-edge 
RIP Ambika - a loving gift from India. Elderly Asian Elephant Ambika Dies at Smithsonian’s National Zoo | Smithsonian's National Zoo  …
Yup. This has been clear from the get-go & everytime I hear white ppl blithely talk about how they can't wait to be able to go outside in public groups again. For Asian Americans, esp those who appear to be East Asian, being out in public won't be safe again for a long time.  …
COVID-19 can’t discriminate based on social status, wealth, age, gender, or ethnicity... But people can. It’s demoralizing when patients request reassignments on their cases and accost me out of ignorance. Online or offline, my East Asian heritage is an asset - not a liability.
Please sign to ban the sale of Asian #elephant tours! A @stae_elephants UK govt petition  … They are trained by torture as babies and it never ends @RickyGervais @Ivy_MiddletonUK @Protect_Wldlife @PeterEgan6 @marcthevet @zbleumoon 
Y’all remember when a black lady promoted her black owned beauty supply store and said support black business and stop shopping at Asian owned beauty supply stores? A whole bunch of Asians called her racist but failed to address the anti blackness in   …
It is vital that the Department of Health and Human Services is taking seriously the rise in coronavirus-related violence against Asian Americans and keeping records. We’re investigating.  …
Inequality will murder more Americans than #COVID19 could ever do on its own. “Among the American workforce, just 16.2% of Hispanic workers and 19.7% of black Americans are able to work from home, while about 30% of whites and 37% of Asian-Americans can.”  …
If you’re an Asian American journalist right now make sure your voices are heard because you’re likely among a handful of people making editorial decisions, people who don’t have your life experiences nor have moved toward understanding nor appreciating them
What do Asian cannibals eat? Raw-men. I’ll see myself out. #Humor
Here's a lil' animation for SUIKA Seattle's mentaiko kimchi udon I was a chef at before the restaurant lockdown. Going through the international district is harrowing. If you are going to order take out, I highly suggest ordering from your local asian food restaurant. 
Asian women are top tier  …
Naperville people: if you know who these women are, call the police to report them for assaulting an elderly Asian man.  …
In the dream I was shook cuz my babies looked Asian af. They looked like two lil Buddha babies. Babe showed me a pic of him as a baby, STRAIGHT ASIAIN.
aren’t you the guy who filmed himself following an asian woman around yelling “corona” and coughing in her face repeatedly??? you are in no position to judge someone, you loud annoying humourless racist fuck.  …
FBI reportedly warns hate crimes against Asian Americans "will likely surge" during coronavirus outbreak  
The legislation stipulates that the House would condemn all forms of racism and scapegoating and call on public officials to denounce any anti-Asian sentiment, as well. 
Tiger King is an in-depth portrait of a specific subculture that white people in general can mostly separate themselves from. Meanwhile because of "Chinese virus" all Asian diaspora folks- not just Chinese people- have to watch our backs
First Asian American woman named to the Georgia Supreme Court  … 
Looking east, California can envision its coronavirus future in the overflowing hospital wards of New York City. Looking west, it can draw hope from the disease’s swift decline in Asian nations that quickly imposed strict physical-isolation measures  …
Sourcing issues aside, the proper way is how certain East Asian countries do it- EVERYONE wear masks in situations like this. And especially as a courtesy to *other people*, a concept utterly foreign to Americans.  …
Asian twitter stays beefing during Exam Szn but wanna be on mute now??? Fkinn fight eachother I’m bored
Not understandable at all in the Indian/ South Asian socio political context! It is why IK has not done so in Pakistan but is allowing provinces to decide and handle the situation incrementally instead. I told you it would be chaos the day it was announced!  …
Nah which Asian ting broke your heart because this one is foul  …
@SocietyofBAS condemn all forms of Racism and discrimination. We stand strong with our friends and colleagues @AsianAcadSurg and the entire Asian   …
Ch Chandgiram singh was a legendary wrestler , standing 6'4 he won all national events and successfully vanished the iranian dominance in 1970 ,when he defeated iranian champ Amvani abuifazi in asian game of 70s. 
“I like them black, white, Puerto Rican or Haitian./Like Japanese, Chinese, or even Asian.”- Chingy
• 24th Sexiest Asian Men • Rank 4 TV Personality • Only Indian personality who hv record 15 millions tweets on any hashtag • Only BB Contestants whose pic upload by cena • Only BB Contestans with 2 Billion +views on Tik Tok • Fastest 3M insta followers 
Widespread mask-wearing would slash the R0 of the virus (as seen in dense Asian cities) by making it far less likely for asymptomatic carriers to infect others.
Chemicals - Paints business ~ Asian Paints ~ Akzo Nobel ~ Kansai Nerolac ~ Berger ~ Shalimar ~ Sirca Would suggest to study the entire sector  Asian Paints & Akzo specifically. Find your own pick. Research, learn & be independent.
Asian Hospital: 5 COVID-19 patients recover  …
Ngl Jasmine is pretty much the only one out there for all us Asian girls  
Minority Business Development Act coverage: groups include, but are not limited to, African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Native Americans, Asian Pacific Americans, Asian Indian Americans, and other minorities; ...... @TheBlackCaucus
Women's History Month Spotlight Patsy Mink was the first woman of color elected to the House of Representatives and the first Asian-American women to serve in Congress. Let's celebrate her legacy and continue her work towards justice for all, click here:  
Niggas tweet about ass and titties all day just to turn around and date asian women.
Misbah-ul-Haq has been NOT OUT 6 times in successful run-chases for Pakistan in Test Cricket (joint-most by any Asian batsman), everytime he hit the 'Winning Runs'. 4 off Price, 2011 6 off Elias, 2011 6 off Peterson, 2013 1 off Eranga, 2014 6 off Mubarak, 2015 6 off Bishoo, 2017
. @statedept should lead effort! World’s diplomats must team up w animal rights groups/zoos/scientists 2 force shut down of Asian animal markets responsible 4 #Coronavirus #SARS @johncalvelli @wcs @danashe Asia's Meat Market!Dog, Cat, Rat, Bat  @YouTube
Which team uses the DRS best? (It's an Asian side) - via ESPNCricinfo app 
Racism hurt Americans because flights from Asian countries were heavily screened while those from Europe were not even after Italy was in crisis. And because nobody wore ppe until it was too late because “Asians wear face masks bc they’re weeeeeeeeeeeird.”  …
If they were predominantly Asian there would already be a NYT opinion piece titled Should Asians Be Allowed To Own Cats
SPRINGTIME AT PAWS' ARK 2000 #SANCTUARY Born wild in 1967, Asian #elephant Gypsy spent nearly 40 years performing in circuses before arriving at PAWS in April 2007. Today she spends quiet days in a natural habitat filled with tasty grass, ponds for swimming, and shady oak 
Sorry if you get off on seeing  Asian women demeaned this way. It doesn't make it any less misogynistic or objectionable that she's a Republican. But this was my point: many liberals like bigotry and misogyny when aimed at their adversaries. Thanks for proving it.
This trash message was sent to TONS of Chinese parachute students. Just an example of the DAILY harassment parachutes face, which I chronicle in my YA novel PARACHUTES. This is not ok! Pls check in w your Asian American students & intrnl students to see how they’re doing! 
What's ironic is that the nerdy black guys rarely even go for the black girls. It's usually the white or asian girls.
#Iran is the only Asian country in Global Top 10 in-terms of Active Cases.. (Not Total Cases) #USA and 8 other European Countries take the other 9 spots.. #CoronaVirusPandemic
PSA: This virus is not an excuse to be racist toward Asian people. Don’t follow the white supremacist playbook.
Across the U.S., Asian Americans have  the target of xenophobic and bigoted attacks as the pandemic wreaks havoc in American society.  …
We’ve seen Irene endorsed a number of brands and products from the local ones and now, to being the First Asian Muse for a luxury jewelry brand I couldn’t be more prouder Only wish for her happiness and success #TheOnlyIRENEDay #이시대_최고의여성_배주현 
The lack of empathy for Asian victims of racism is a form of racism.
Anybody notice how the Asian countries seem to have a better handle on coronavirus Singapore is doing a phenomenal job.
All the introverts showing off about how they're primed for lockdown but it's the African and Asian kids who grew up on lockdown all summer holiday who are they real dominant ones rn.
The need to wear masks was obvious from the start to anyone paying minimal attention to how the Asian countries that have successfully rolled back Corona virus have operated. How many cases could’ve been prevented if the CDC had said this when the first cases were found?  …
BREAKING - America might potentially  a face mask-wearing society like Asian soon amid #COVID19! New CDC mask-wearing guidance (or  in 10  …
I theorize that racists will continue to blame anyone who looks East Asian for the coronavirus even after the pandemic wanes because the world will be in grief/mourning for a long time. Meaning the threat of anti-Asian racism will outlast the threat of the actual pandemic.
The sad thing is that shit like this actually does appease Asian Americans. Asian Americans are out here begging the US & Trump—a fascist nation & its leader—to affirm their "innocence" & inclusion into the US. In exchange, they tacitly or explicitly endorse US war on China. 
This is tremendously sad news. The India Abroad has been a staple in our home throughout my life and an important source of news and inspiration. It created a needed sense  for New Americans of South Asian descent. 
*It’s What really pains me is the BS  had to go thru from the start. Ppl I know are attacked for a variety of reasons including: - wearing masks - not wearing masks - believing in masks - donating masks (cuz “you must’ve been hoarding”)
@rita_gayle endorses this message. UK media must end its @NHS erasure of the contributions of African, Asian and Caribbean health and social care professionals who have kept this service running since its inception in 1948 up to today. Stop the propaganda. #stopthewhitewash  …
Ambika, the oldest elephant at D.C.’s @NationalZoo, just died. She was 72. Female Asian elephants in captivity typically live to their mid-40s. 
Sad news: Ambika, an elderly Asian elephant at the @NationalZoo, has died. She was 
The funniest thing is it's not black people who have a fetish for East Asian women. We all know which demographic hi as that fetish. We all know....  …
Beloved Ambika, eldest member of our Asian elephant herd, has died at 72 y.o. It’s impossible to quantify the millions of people she inspired to care about conservation in her 59 yrs. at the Zoo. All who knew Ambika loved her. We miss her dearly. More:  
Because Asian lotuses can’t be cut flowers!!!! Once cut, they only last for a couple hours before dropping petals because the stems self-seal!!!! They open each morning in the sun and close up at night!!!! Each bloom only lasts for a handful of days!!!!
That’s the most mixed family I’ve ever seen. Is that a random Asian woman? Are those Latino kids? Lmao is this Modern Family?
Face masks  in many Asian countries, but the U.S. has advised people against wearing them. As coronavirus cases spike, more experts are starting to question that wisdom: 
NY State Sen. John Liu on Feb. 2nd: “There's no need to panic and to avoid activities that we always do as New Yorkers. We are hardy people. As an Asian-American, I’ve been disturbed if not outright appalled by some of  or gestures that I have seen." (via FNC) 
Forgive me for all the #JosephLowery posts but I’ve benefitted too much from his life. Some perceptive: if ANY person of color like me (black, Asian, Latino, etc.) is teaching at any non-HBCU college in America, you’re seeing the fruit of Lowery’s blood, sweat, & tears.  …
Again if you never saw an Asian girl in Renaissance paintings, here it is. Bless thy eyes. Finished my Renaissance inspired self-portrait entitled "Lilith, Mother of Rebellion.' I didn't came from Adam's ribs, I'm here to break Adam's ribs. 
There are cases of anti-Asian racism daily in New York and across our country. I worry for my family & for all Asian people @realDonaldTrump has put in harms way with his bigotry and hateful language. @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor speak & act  …
"About 40% of the $11.4 trillion in bonds issued by  will mature before the end of 2021, including about $23 billion of stressed dollar  due this year.” Rolling this under current circumstances will be tough! @DeniseWee1  
When asked by Asian reporter what he was doing to protect Asians from hate crimes our Protector in Chief said he “didn’t know”. Then quickly added typical campaign diatribe - Asians doing “fantastically well” and, of course, he loves Asians. He’d love dogs if they could vote
 that all open-borders libtards (including Asian-Americans) call Trump racist for identifying the origin of coronavirus but say nothing about Mexico calling ALL Asians "chinos" ("Chinese"). They also have derisive names for dark-skinned Hispanics. But US is 'racist.'
sis we’re asian lmfao the only time we leave home is when we’re married  …
Any thoughts about asian barbie and asian cutie? — yall need to chill out & stop getting urselves involved  …
where the asian or Latinas at?
the people turning on him cuz he didn't live up to their east asian dream boy fantasies...we have you on camera!  …
♪ . “Life In The Sun World Edition” is out today, 27 March 2020 worldwide from Asian Man Records. . Asian Man…  …
EXACTLY how the Nigerian Police behave. British colonialism set up police states, where brutality was deployed to "maintain law and order". Most African and Asian former colonies are yet to rid themselves of this legacy, "democracy" notwithstanding.  …
If you want to study into chemicals sector, take following stocks as case study Vinati Aarti Atul Asian Paints Pidilite SRF GMM Research well on their last 10-15 year of growth, challenging times & relate them with numbers. Find &  that can perform similar....
Do I send this to my East Asian history professor? 
"In African and Asian families there's only four choices of career; doctor, lawyer, engineer, disgrace to the family". Humour aside, why the lack of black faces in stories about brave NHS carers? @DailyMirror @Metro @DailyMailUK and other British newspapers??  …
Arshad Nadeem is a Pakistani athlete specializing in the javelin throw. In December 2019, he won a gold medal at the 13th South Asian Games and qualified directly for the Tokyo Olympics. Here is his story in today’s episode of HBL PSL #HamarayHeroes Powered by 
IMPORTANT REQUEST: a crucial new petition just launched by STAE calls for UK law to ban adverts for tourist resorts & practices that brutalise Asian elephants. If numbers rise fast a Parliamentary debate & Bill could follow. Pls sign & share:  … @marcthevet
An excellent piece by @Perseus852 Remember, it is the #CCP regime that is to blame, for lying and suppressing the truth, not ordinary ethnic Chinese or Asian people Say no to racism. Say no to CCP propaganda. Say no to #XiJinping's brutal, corrupt, dangerous  …
I feel like I’m a time traveller because I’m following the Asian news and then the west hears about it a month later.
my non asian friend asked me why i lie to my parents about where i’m going (festivals/vegas/etc.) Like hello, I miss the streets, but I ain’t tryna live in them ok
As India and other South Asian nations brace for the spread of the coronavirus, they face another battle: misinformation. Social media are rife with bogus remedies, tales of magic cures and hazardous medical advice. 
End of an Era at Asian Paints KBS Anand retires Fondly called KBS,he joined AP in 1979,served  in various capacities for nearly 4 decades.He was head of sales,was promoted to GM A decade later,he was made the CEO,AP went on to be India’s biggest in decorative paints 
I'm sorry Asian children who can barely walk still understand to wear a mask to protect their classmates from illness. It's hard to have much optimism for  that fights every single basic proven measure needed to save their own lives with such enthusiasm.
It's head scratching to see some Asian Americans go after "white people racism." Yes a white person named Trump helped egg it on, but 95% of the attacks on Asian Americans you see in these viral clips are not by white people. Probably too hot of a topic to really examine.
FIRST ASIAN ATE MY ASS BETTER THAN ALL YALL .... bye 
when you say that you support women, it means that you need to support all women. that includes black, asian, indigenous, hispanic, trans, queer, muslim, jewish, religious, non-religious, able bodied, tall, short, tall, old, young, big, small, poor women etc. every woman.
China is rewriting coronavirus history and nobody will stop it - Nikkei Asian Review  …
This dude is out in my neighborhood coughing on Asian people for fun. I don't go out much but if I do and I see this motherfucker... 
At long last! Asian games begin again for #OWL2020! We've missed these teams  
Morning all, up early with the kids. Yea, fantastic. Got this little treble I like the look of today. The top one is the main fancy and I'd even consider a single on that or the -1.0 Asian but the other two boost the price a bit and look straight forward. 2pts. at 2.32 
#OTD in 1999, Korea Republic edge Brazil 1-0 in a friendly match. The first-ever Asian nation to win over Brazil in history! : KFA 
“Toxic tweets are using explicit language to accuse Asians of carrying the coronavirus and blaming people of Asian origin as a collective for spreading the virus.” 
An Asian American couple in Woodbury, Minnesota came home Wednesday and found this note taped to their front door. 
*the world is ending* Asian twitter bagging on Justine Biticon:  …
You know how Asian cultures use ^_^ (eye emoji to indicate smiling) while Western cultures use :) which focuses on mouth? Do you think once face masks usage  more ubiquitous we’ll start using ^_^ more ? And that we’ll develop new fake smile tactics w eyes?
Arrived back in Korea last week and was surprised at how... normal everything is. No widespread lockdowns. Most retail establishments open as usual. But 95% of the population wearing masks at all times in public. Same as other East Asian countries who have flattened the curve.
Asian men are Top tier
Please please please mixers! Buy the song I know we want another historic moment. Let's give @LittleMix their 2nd #1 on itunes WW #BuyBreakUpSong #BreakUpSong #LMBreakUpSong #LittleMix iTunes Worldwide #2  …
the absolute fucking irony of white vegan friends using the virus to share articles about exotic meats in Asia to shame people for their dietary choices whilst also telling others to mind what they post in "this climate" in case it fuels anti asian sentiment like bruh
asian barbie's "career" really said:  
that’s it Asian women r elite
The most disgusting part is bats are consumed in most parts of d world, though largest consumption is in few Asian countries. Looks like this tradition dates back even before 10000 years. Video not  for weak hearted! It's a part of a wet market. 8+ 
Back to back Asian djs let alone Asian women. You LOVE TO SEE IT
You Need To Listen To This Leading COVID-19 Expert From South Korea | ASIAN BOSS"  This is a good interview that touched on the usage of mask, the possibility of having vaccine or ending the pandemic. How they approached the situation in Korea.
since I reached 2.2 k today and got some new followers here's some basic bio: -I'm 20 and asian -I like anime / Manga -favorite animes are Fate, AOT, and FMAB, and K-On -a nerd for medicine and science -born and raised in Europe, in US (Cali) now. -an extovert weeb 
Felt the need to share this here since this is the most well-informed, transparent & detailed explanation about COVID-19 that i've seen & it just got posted today. "You Need To Listen To This Leading COVID-19 Expert From South Korea | ASIAN BOSS" 
This is a Korean drama. This person saw asian and Coronavirus and got excited
asian girls are elite
& while I’m at it, stop with the racist and xenophobic attacks against our  during this crisis. It’s so harmful and unhelpful.
Here’s an Asian Journal article on 2012 talking about @EdselSalvana stellar achievements. It’s a good read and serves an inspiration for Filipinos. Doc chose  back because of a noble mission. The title says it all “The Outstanding  …
I really want some Asian food
. @wongbd is hilarious as @awkwafina's dad on #AwkwafinaIsNoraFromQueens, but early on in his career, the Tony Award winner says he was told "Asian people are not funny" 
I had a friend SPAT ON TODAY because she’s Asian. This is horrible and going way too far. All because of an ignorant man’s words.  …
rt to be added in asian gdm -be asian -15+ -dun be dramatic -kind and nice
Ngl being Asian-American the past three months felt like the Dreams and Nightmares intro lmao  …
if you see my developing a slight obsession with asian girls because they are the coolest, most unique and stylish girls.. mind ur fucking business
one thing i have been hearing all college season from my asian peers is “if i was black/latino/etc i would have gotten into this college” im so disgusted. please do better. u know who u are.
Leading infectious disease expert in South Korea on Asian Boss talks about the #coronavirus. Good lessons for the U.S. If you're not sick but just want the test, it's $140 in South Korea. If it turns out you have #COVID19, their gov't refunds you  …
Tablo received only 1 Valentine’s Day chocolate in elementary school… from the only other Asian kid. How was your elementary school Valentine’s Day experience? Find Ep. #34 on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, and everywhere else! #TheTabloPodcast #EpikHigh #Tablo 
A 1st gen Asian American Buddhist, whose father is a vet and former  activist and a mom who was a teacher...that’s WHO. Don't be a btch. It's  and petty.  …
I need help! What are the  & egregious myths everyone’s been hearing in their family Whatsapp groups surrounding COVID-19? We’ve got a task force intent on fighting those myths w/ good ol’ infographics in 10+ languages to keep MENA & South  informed!
Do you really think he’s cute? Or is he just Asian?
Everyday I read about more asian americans getting attacked in the street, especially women :( some of them people I know. I have pretty much stopped going anywhere alone for almost a month now. I get anxious about just existing rn. 
asian men with perms do not exist. i simply do not believe in them
my girl brushes my curls and cooks Asian food. I cannot lose
Went to the dollar store today and these Polys really bullied the Asian lady working the Reg into giving them 4x the alotted amount of water purchases per family. They made a scene & accused her of being “racist” bc she “assumed” they were all apart of one family
Far-right groups have used the opportunity to peddle conspiracy theories and incite racial abuse against Asian  
Some Asian-Americans in the Twin Cities and across the nation report facing hostility, insults and more as the coronavirus outbreak worsens in the U.S. 
Asian girl magic 
Dear “51% of Americans” 21 million Asian Americans are now subject to Hate b/c @realDonaldTrump trying to re-brand the #Coronavirus #COVID19 #becool2asians  …
Asian Economic Policy Review conf is still on, but via zoom 
I don’t think you realize.. most anime characters are... Japanese.. and Asian people can be different skin tones.
y’all only like asian women online
it’s ok u know this is ok if there’s not going to be an asian millie i will Be the asian millie and do a one person show on zoom
Please please bring TMM for next season I still want Asian Millie please please please  …
Toyota to make face masks in US to aid coronavirus battle  (Nikkei Asian Review)
asian women so mf fine dawg
Thank you @amazonmusic for featuring me in your “Asian American Mix” playlist. Please give it a listen and check out all of the incredible Asian American artists in this mix!  …
Friendly reminder to America that there was an Asian guy running for President who wanted to give all of you $1,000 every month, for life, no questions asked, and you said no in favor of an 80 year old with mental decline.
"You fucking Chinese, spreading the coronavirus." An Asian man was spit on and threatened while standing on a subway platform in Brooklyn.  …
I wana take a walk with my hands behind my back at a local park and just enjoy the breeze like them old ass Asian men be doing.
#Breaking News: Don Jr. posts anti-Chinese video as racist attacks on Asian-Americans spike to 650 in one week 
You know what’s mind blowing? Just LAST month we were celebrating a huge win of PARASITE for the  and now the entire  is under attack. Feels like 3 steps forward and 10 steps back.
Not being glared at for being Asian
Low self esteem, no self worth having, wanting acceptance from nonblacks at all costs kewns: “sToP bEiNg xEn0pHoBiK sUpP0rT AziAn BiZnesEs dUriNiG tHis cRisiS” Asian people: 
I spent 72 hours straight with these hotties smoking pcp and still never got the Asian flu 
Asian moms with Whatsapp: 
I work at a healthcare facility and an employee refused to accept my help bc she was scared I carried the virus but accepted the help of a white coworker. this is the most significant time racism has occurred to me, stop being a racist asshole to asians and asian americans
"The virus is a virus. It does not have a race or ethnicity." Michigan lawmakers encouraged people to report anti-Asian discrimination due to #coronavirus, as people across the U.S. document rising abuse and rhetoric. New York, meanwhile, has set up a hotline: 
I continue to be very thankful for all the terrific Asian grocery stores around our city. All of the ones I frequent have plenty of fresh produce, great customer service, and careful attention to health and safety by all the staff. Yum, salad tonight! #covidvancouver
Went to Asian market while staying in Orlando for WWE TV!!!  #KanaChanTV #youtube #EZPZ
Thank you for your question, Katherine. One way we diminish this fear is by educating people about the history & power of moral fusion organizing—when black & white & Latinx & Asian & Native  together to fight for  good.  …
I was a Chinese major in college with a double minor in East Asian Literature & History. CHINA / CCP CAUSED THIS PANDEMIC by not learning from SARS I & II and tolerating the ingestion of filthy vermin as a cultural tradition.
A new website is tracking cases of harassment and discrimination against Asian Americans amid the coronavirus pandemic. In the site's first 8 days, it received more than 650 reports. 
Congrats to both, enough with the "ended  y'all realize BTS did that without bundles, playlisting and without a western label that can help them with better promo and radio spins right? Geez an asian group got y'all this threatened? Tragic 
Alright so I'm making a new pinned so I can find some new moots. I'm not new to nsfw twt :D -kenny -16 -CALIFORNIA HEADASS -asian -soft af dom -he/him -straight -i'm not sorry if I call you dummy ↻ to  moots ♡ for a possible dm!
Stupid betas. You want so badly to please your Superior Asian Boss.  with the right attitude: $end, submit, & serve. @asiandomnation { walletdrain humanatm asianfindom asiandomme finD 420dom humiliation ballbusting footfetish footworship FootParadise sneakerfetish } 
Why are most of the people who were being caught and recorded doing this are either white or Asian 
Rep. Grace Meng proposed a resolution this week for the House to condemn all forms of racism and scapegoating and call on public officials to denounce any anti-Asian sentiment, as well. More than 120 lawmakers have co-sponsored the legislation  …
GET EXCLUSIVE DISCOUNTS WHILE SUPPORTING ASIAN BUSINESSES! 1. Shop online from your home and get delicious goodies ( #StayHome) 2. Get yummy drinks and snacks delivered to your door ( #SocialDistancing) 3. Support Asian Business that are being stigmatized right now ( 
....SOOOO. Today I went wild with a RACIST customer. I was scanning a young, cute and very polite asian girl, who was doing her food shopping CORRECTLY (which mean: no excess, but a lot of everything, so she wouldn't have to go out again in 3 days ya know)
Do you want to know what I did when the grocery stores were packed full of panicked people? I went into an asian grocery store. Chocked full of rice, noodles, steamed buns, fuck, EVERYTHING you could possibly ask for in terms of staples. No line.
Saint Paul Public Schools @SPPS_News cares deeply about our students and families. We celebrate our diversity and will not tolerate discrimination. All of us must standup against xenophobic rhetoric related to #COVID19 targeting our  @mnhumanrights 
@EuniceHEun and I wrote this to draw attention to the spike in pandemic related racism affecting  and to create an opportunity for solidarity as we face the challenges of this moment together.  …
Zazi, is a fashion brand that mixes modern attire with famous Central Asian textiles 
1/ #masks4all flattens the curve of coronavirus spread The Asian countries that have stopped local transmission of the coronavirus are also those where everyone wears a mask, regardless of whether they are sick or not.  Please RT!
Pretty much everyone of these “implicit biases endemic to whiteness”- objectivity, quantification, perfectionism, paternalism- would’ve been fucking helpful. Turns out Asian countries pulled off these qualities of “whiteness” better than we or Europe  …
White people Stop paying your TV License !!!! The BBC is only for Black ,Asian or Ethnic backgrounds !!!! let’s get rid of the BBC  …
My mom texted and asked how I am. I said I'm sad but okay (I'm day 8 alone in quarantine). She called and among other things told me that everyone thinks I'm a hypochondriac and that I have lost my mind because I like queer Asian boys. Thanks, Mom, not sad anymore. Send tweets.
The big Asian airports screen for temperature if there's a local sniffle outbreak. Isn't this @PeterDutton_MP's whole raison d'etre? I'd expected him to have them pinned down with MP5s by now & crowing on the telly about it. I know he's sick(!) But WTF? #auspol  …
Good essay by @madelesque on the need for an anti-racist Asian American solidarity in the #coronavirus moment, one that needs help from allies and one that demands that Asian Americans must be allies to other people of color.  …
In many Asian countries the public are wearing masks. It's a key part of a strategy that allows life to maintain (or return to) some normality. How will other countries reverse position, having told people that masks don't work? Where will they find the masks? 
CAN YOU DIG IT? The show goes onLINE tonight as our archive recording of Memoirs of an Asian Football Casual is now available to watch until next Fri 3 Apr. Watch now  … #ACESupported 
idk which asian boy needs to hear this but no you don't look like discounted jungkook
can my fyp go back to funny videos and not shirtless asian boys with perms it’s appreciated but i do not want it
There is a direct line from Trump’s racism to the lived experience of Asian Americans during this pandemic. Shameful.  …
In no way am i defending Justine. She deserves all the backlash but most of the people going after her are the same people that praised her. Its crazy how people are so quick to switch up when they have the opportunity to shit on someone. Asian twitter/cancel culture is a disease
#facts The data show that Asian American women appear 3x more likely to experience hate incidents than men.  …
. @lisaling, you absolutely nailed this. And @MeghanMcCain, your question finally addressed the nuance that’s been missing from the conversation; that Asian Americans do NOT = the Chinese government.  …
2020 has really shown the true colors of some people huh being xenophobic toward asian people being vile to medical staff just trying to help people hoarding supplies when you have more than enough already what’s UNITED about any of that? makes me fuckin sick
Asian Racism is still Racism
This is by far the most worrisome thing abut #COVID2019 I know of. The Asian countries touted for their excellence are all seeing the growth rates turning up again. 
#HongKong leader #CarrieLam banned public gatherings of more than 4 people on March 27, hours after the Asian financial hub reported 65 new cases of #CCPVirus infections—its biggest daily increase so  …
"The heightened racism experienced by  is surprising to many people because beliefs in racial progress are widespread in American society." @YaleSOM's @mwkraus and @EuniceHEun  #COVID19 #RacismIsAVirus #StrongerTogether #AsianAmericans
The US is pushing war on China while Asian Americans remain dead silent and peddle their self-serving "condemn China, just don't be racist to Asian Americans" campaigns as somehow progressive. You and your self-centered, anti-prejudice "organizing" campaigns 
If you need a respite from everything, please check out this lovely photoshoot and story written by @nayantaradutta on how South Asian Muslim artists, activists, and other creatives view themselves and their identity in this moment.  …
This is HORRIBLE! As research  with Paul Ong found, without affirmative action Asian American owned businesses suffered greatly even in a metro area like San Francisco where there are plenty of highly qualified Asian American businesses. #Opportunity4All  …
If it hasn't been made clear enough, I deeply disdain every single Asian American individual and organization that continues to remain silent on or even actively supports US imperialism against China as they push their self-serving "don't be racist to Asian Americans" campaigns.
The People’s Collective for Justice & Liberation presents a Townhall on Anti-Asian Racism: Race, Struggle & Solidarity in the Time of A Global Pandemic Sat 3/28 from 3-5pm PST/6-8pm EST Still time to RSVP Here:  … #Coronavirus #COVIDー19 
In 2003, I joined hundreds of fellow @SFSU students on a walk-out/sit-in to protest the was on Iraq. I didn’t know about this picture until my Ethnic Studies and Asian American Studies professor @ericmar415 showed me in class. @GGXnews published this on my birthday 17 years 
As COVID-19 cases rise across the country, so have racist attacks against Asian Americans, the Asian Pacific Policy and Planning Council ( @A3PCON) 
We condemn the use of the phrase "Chinese virus" by Donald Trump & others + violent attacks on Chinese & East  Saving lives must be the priority. Instead of racism towards China we must learn from China’s experiences in fighting Covid-19  
#NEW data shows Asian Americans have reported over 650 racist acts over the last week. “The deliberate use of terms like ‘Chinese virus’ has definitely fanned the flames of racism toward Asian Americans in this country,” says @johncyangdc of  …
Who HAS been keeping America open: it is always about race, class & gender: Among the US workforce, just 16.2% of Latinx workers and 19.7% of Black Americans are able to work from home, while about 30% of whites and 37% of Asian-Americans can.  …
This got me thinking about some of the interesting women from Southeast Asian history and folklore. It's by no means exhaustive but these are the ones that came to mind off the top of my head  …
Ralph Macchio, or William Zabka, which one is the Asian? 
Right? No one in Asia really refers to themselves as ‘Asian’ The same way no one in Europe really refers to themselves as ‘white’ except  …
He's never seen Karate Kid Both characters are white Also by his own logic he is the racist for assuming everyone who does karate is Asian 
Actually - wouldn't this make you the racist for assuming everyone who does karate is Asian?
The coronavirus pandemic has fueled a surge in racism against Asian-Americans around the country. CNN's @drsanjaygupta hears from some Americans who've personally experienced racism and talks about why there's no place for hate in our 
Life doesn’t have to make sense it just has to make you happy #FridayFeeling Asian frogmouth living his best life 
trying times sometimes call for  solutions. therefore, here is a massive @vittleslondon guide to buying snacks at east asian supermarkets 
Asian Americans report over 650 racist acts over last week, new data says  … via @nbcnews
Alarmingly, this trend of attacks appears to be growing: Asian-Americans reported 650 racist incidents in just the last week. This is unacceptable. We all need to stand up for each other -- and against all forms of #hate.  …
Mexican Albums #3 MOTS: 7 (debut) @BTS_twt gained a new peak for an Asian Act in the Mexican Albums chart.
LIVE TWEET Situation: Experiencing heavy racism at job due to the “China Virus” and being Asian. Idea: Show positivity and have fun by doing fun things that will get on their nerves. Their Issue: They are short staffed and I don’t care if I’m fired.
A new website is tracking reports of harassment and discrimination against Asian Americans during the coronavirus crisis. Its founder says "maybe three times a day" they get reports of people being physically assaulted, hit or pushed. 
Online witch hunt of Chinese celebrities with foreign passports. #BoycottMulan Liu Yifei in trouble with the red masses for saying she is proud to be ‘Asian’ instead of ‘Chinese’ and because she has American citizenship. You chose poorly.  …
I asked @joyofnapping what she thought of all the anti-Asian racism sweeping the country right now. Here's what she said. I should probably take more cues from her. Listen to our whole convo:  
Racism in broad daylight courtesy of @realDonaldTrump’s son @DonaldJTrumpJr ... this is not ok. This is not a joke. Asian Americans are under increasing racist threats and attacks because of disgusting rhetoric like this. 
It’s fucking me up emotionally how one day a Korean film with subtitles can sweep The Academy Awards and the idea of inclusivity/progression is in the air. A month and a half later, I’m being told I eat bats and Asian American hate-crimes are on the rise. #COVID19 #Covid19usa
AAJA is proud to join the @WashTheHate campaign  the rising tide of coronavirus-related discrimination and violence against individuals of Asian descent. Record your video and share on social, let’s #WashTheHate 
The king of Asian pop , the biggest Chinese breakout artist of all time , a global phenomenon with immense success who's name is recognized beyond just Asia a multiple record breaking prodigy HAPPY BIRTHDAY LEGEND #BlessedToHaveJackson 
NJWF proudly endorses @Arati4Congress (CD-5)! Arati is a neuroscientist, mother, and activist. In 2017, she became the first South Asian elected to Glen Rock's Borough Council. She  to fighting the climate crisis & pursuing healthcare for all when elected to Congress. 
Over the past week, Asian-Americans across the U.S. reported nearly 700 incidents of discrimination by coronavirus-inspired bigots who have attacked them online, spat on them, screamed at and physically assaulted them. 
only $7.50 to see this sexy asian slut in action! Check her out @lilslutlaceyyy  or check out her free page  
Asian Americans report over 650 racist acts over last week, as others wrongly equate them with the Chinese government. That the dictatorship in Beijing censored the Wuhan doctors' early warning about the coronavirus is nothing ordinary people could stop.  
Bringing Southeast Asian languages to the internet  …
The Sims 4 Asian Adventures World Mod is now up for early access on my Patreon! Ever wanted to live in a Japanese-inspired world? #AsianAdventures Get your EARLY ACCESS NOW:  
Boston stands with our Chinese and  today and every day, no matter what. Let's continue  together in a spirit   and not let fear or misinformation divide us.  …
Might be a stupid question. Why not? Is it possible those Asian countries that are doing very well, on top of using masks, etc., are quite a bit healthier than western nations? They definitely seem trim. Their diets seems much better.
100 Asian Heartthrobs of 2020 Rankings :- #51 BEOMGYU #58 TAEHYUN #71 SOOBIN Ranks from #1 to #50 is not released yet. We'll update ASAP it's updated ©TXTCHART_KR #TOMORROW_X_TOGETHER #투모로우바이투게더 #TXT @TXT_members 
VC with the 5 Central Asian and Russian Health Ministers on #COVID2019: Harmonizing policy measures Increasing medical supplies @WHO_Europe expertise #UnitedActionforBetterHealth #LeaveNoOneBehind 
not these boys that used to like me finding some other asian twinks to stick their dicks in... all these white men do is cum too fast and have yellow fever
Are prominent Asian-American celebrities speaking on this regularly? What’s the website?  …
Some good news as a break from all this! As of today I am joining the Asian American Studies program at Purdue as a faculty affiliate (my main base is in the Dept of Anthropology also at Purdue). Excited to support Asian and Asian American students and co-plan with AAS faculty.
Multicultural marketing agency IW Group launched an organic, in-house social campaign to #WashtheHate, addressing discrimination currently faced by Asian Americans. 
Asian Americans reported over 650 racists acts last week on website launched by @A3PCON & @CAAsanfrancisco  … Join a townhall on Anti-Asian Racism tomorrow, 3/28 from 6-8pm EST. RSVP here:  … #RacismIsAVirus #coronavirus #COVID19
It's here! Lotus STEMM is proud to announce the release of the #COVID19 video series! For our South Asian, Arab &  - myth-busting videos in 11 languages! Tired of COVID-19 myths? Use our videos to dispel myths!  
Are you an essential service? Are you taking daily temps of employees and sending home anybody with a fever? If not, you are doing it wrong and endangering your team amd customers. This is part of how Asian countries successfully fought coronavirus.
As fear surrounding #coronavirus increases, we have seen a disturbing rise in #racist incidents targeting Asian-Americans. Our experts have been tracking this surge in #hateful  …
NEW: Federal law enforcement is warning of an increase in hate crimes against Asian Americans as the coronavirus crisis continues to grow, according to a new FBI analysis obtained by @ABC 
"The model-minority term is one of American white supremacy’s most successful campaigns, simultaneously driving a wedge between Asian Americans and other people of color and alienating us from our own right to dissent."  …
It's not hard. Here are some concrete measures to take: - Stop calling it the "Chinese" or "Wuhan virus" - Translate federal #COVID19 resources into AAPI languages -Collect data to document anti-Asian hate crimes - Stop spreading xenophobia & attacking immigrants  …
As a White woman, I stand in solidarity w/ Asian-Americans & Asian folx world-wide in disrupting the racism & xenophobia connected to COVD-19. I know people are scared, but we can’t let fear fuel ignorance & hate. I invite you to stand with me.  …
Asian Americans report over 650 racist acts over last week, new data says. “The deliberate use of terms like ‘Chinese virus’ [eg, by Trump] has definitely fanned the flames of racism toward Asian Americans in this country.”  
Hearing on @NPR right now that 3x as many Asian-American women have been attacked over the Covid hatemongering as men. The horrors of white supremacy are always so tightly wrapped up with misogyny.
The Alt-skull guy - neonazi who was posting murder fantasies about jewish people - turned out to be 1/4 jewish with Asian wife. xD 
Did you tell him how you put Asian Americans in danger by deeming it the “Chinese virus” and did you discuss how your Turd Reich toady @SecPompeo stalled crucial discussions because of his insistence on calling it the Wuhan Virus? Did he congratulate you for your 
Infectious viruses have no nationality. I’m disturbed by nationwide reports of violence against the  I can assure you we won’t tolerate that in Michigan during this outbreak or anytime.  …
If Adam and Eve were Asian.. 
"For Asians and Asian-Americans there’s an extra burden. They also have to worry about being targeted for harassment, even hate, for a disease they’re no more responsible for spreading than anyone else."  …
According to Gregory Clark, Asian countries having greater resistance to epidemic disease than Western ones due to poor western hygiene has some pretty deep roots. 
650!! Thats the number of racist incidents reported by Asian Americans over the past WEEK.  …
Whenever one believes our society reached peak stupid, we innovate beyond that. The disgusting mistreatment of Asian-Americans over COVID is especially ironic given the obvious reality that hundreds of thousands of AA health workers are a huge part of the army fighting this thing
It’s vital that Black, Asian & ethnic minority women have their voices heard & their needs met during #Coronalockdown. How have you been affected? If you’d like to share your story to inform our campaigning pls sign up here  & share with your 
I’m not pro-kpop but fighting over facial hair and age is just dumb, even without plastic surgery, gong yoo have a low chance of hving full beard like zayn even if he doesn’t shaved for 20 years thanks to his pure asian heritage, while zayn is half middle-eastern.
For y’all that missed out on my “quarantines got talent “ go crazy share it around as long as it doesn’t go back to my asian mum 
We will never forget! Exactly two years ago, The Azkals beat Tajikistan, to advance to Asian Cup for the 1st time. 
I'm really curious whether people wearing masks outdoors is one of the secrets why many Asian countries (SK, Japan etc.) do so much better at containing COVID-19 than we do in Europe and in the US... #Masks4All  …
black, middle eastern, south asian etc. boys: h— white girls on twitter: I LOVE BOYS WITH CURLS the curls: 
VOTE FOR TAEHYUNG in Asian Heartthrob and lets make him on the Hall of Fame FACEBOOK GOAL: 100 SHARES  INSTAGRAM GOAL: 50 COMMENTS  "I vote for #KimTaehyung of South Korea in the finals of 
Trump Crumbles When Asked What He’s Doing To Prevent Hate Crimes Against Asian-Americans #Racism #wtpTEAM #wtp2020  … via @politicususa
World Cup-winning cricketer @jogisharma83, CWG gold medallist boxer @Akhilkumarboxer and Asian Games champion kabaddi player Ajay Thakur are playing a key role in the raging battle against #COVID19  …
Infused platter Asian style 
day 10 of quarantine i am now putting chick fil a sauce on asian food
when are we gonna get rid off middle aged moms who don't stan bts for their music but use them to fulfill their fantasy about younger asian men
President Trump responded “I don’t know,” when asked what is being done about Asian American hate crimes amid the coronavirus crisis. 
✎ reposting my pinned! new to nsfw twitter and looking for mutuals & friends!! ♡ 18 ♡ she/her ♡ sub ♡ asian ♡ shy n soft — rt or like if you'd like to be mutuals! (minors dni pls) 
Trump kept calling it the “Chinese Virus”, his followers heard the DOG WHISTLE loud and clear. Asian Americans report over 650 racist acts over last week, new data says  …
@Y20 and some of the Asian game's biggest stars advise you how to #BreakTheChain and tackle #COVID19 
The US now has more coronavirus cases than any other country, including China. The Asian countries on the West Pacific, where the virus originated, have barely been impacted, yet it’s ravaging the West. We need to cut short any dealings we have with China and take a stand.
약속 (Promise) By JIMIN is the 4th most played song of all time on SoundCloud! #Jimin is the only Asian artist in the top 4 #BTSARMY @BTS_twt #BTS  …
You can tell the difference between African and Asian elephants by the size of their ears. Asian #elephants ears are relatively smaller. 
I don't buy it. 1. Only reason provided is that it leads to a false sense of security (?) & increases infection risk if used incorrectly (simple fix) 2. Most carriers are non-symptomatic so you could be protecting others without knowing it 3. Asian countries have much lower rates  …
Great news for all those interested in pre-20th C East & Inner Asian humanities & social sciences: All Harvard Journal of Asiatic Studies content is now available for free on Project Muse through June 30, 2020 
Both Asian Women and White women out-earn Black men but for many, this empirical reality doesn't configure into existing patriarchal understandings that endorse a dichotomous view of power relations along the gender binary: man/woman ; power/disempowered ; privileged/oppressed.
>Not new to twitter nsfw but I need more moots... ¥ mj ¥ 16 ¥ Asian aff ¥ bi ¥ switch (depend ) ¥ Anime ¥ bombass taste in music ¥ call me nickname I’ll choke u jk Like for dm/rt for follow 
Regardless of politics Rishi Sunak seems like what would result if  generated the answer to the question "Who would Asian parents want their daughter to marry?"
Asian-Americans have faced an unforgivable and intense spike in hate crimes over #COVID19. The #CoronavirusPandemic is being weaponized by many different forms of white supremacy, against many vulnerable and  Don't ignore  …
SE Asian @eugeniusuk watch party starts in 2 hours!! Will you be joining me? Press the link and set a reminder!  obvs available to anyone staying at home right now too! 10am Uk time, 5/6pm SE Asia time-gather your snacks and let’s go to space! 80’s 
So all the Chinese and Asian owned factories here in Nigeria are still fully functional and they are making  to work regardless They aren't observing the stay at home order the government passed Not sure what FG is doing bout it really.
But aren’t Asian democracies, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, Singapore and Hong Kong the first ones to get on top of this? Is this not telling us more about geography of coronavirus than politics? Aren’t you seeing what you are looking for?
Don’t forget today’s virtual tour of Chester Zoo from 1000 to 1630. 10:00 Red pandas 11:00 Rothschild's giraffes 12:00 Asian elephants 13:00 Butterflies 14:00 Sun bears 14:30 Sumatran tigers 14:45 Humboldt penguins 16:00 Aquarium* 
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) on Friday (March 27) said a bigger financial assistance package worth at least $1.6 billion will be provided to the Philippines in  weeks to help in the fight against COVID-19. |  …
China: This virus is serious. Get prepared Asian countries: we are prepared US: LOLOL make murica great again! Those Ching chongs harhar! As if we're gonna get the virus lolol *2 months later* Asian countries keep infected to a minimum US have overtaken China in rep cases
Chinese President, Xi Jinping, has reportedly spoken to US President Donald Trump via a phone call - requesting that the two countries unite to fight #COVID19. China is already sending help to several European, Asian and African countries 
so this ugly ass asian boy really used my friends pictures to catfish and scam people? this dumbass is vile and says the n word. Bitches get caught and next thing you know “tweets arent loading right now” 
#Asian_Paints #Advertisement Justifying #Domestic_Violence against 
It's interesting how certain folks in the  want to find a way to latch onto Blacks now... We all in this together!!!  …
RBI shows India has a bazooka too . After the crisis passes we will see Asian currencies gain vs $£€...
white ppl love to say they're bilingual after saying merci to their asian waiter at sushi moon
any asian or latina women up
When you’re having an online instrument lesson but your asian mum is vacuuming and you don’t dare tell her to stop 
My child asked questions about the pandemic, especially why her parents are so nervous about going out in public as Asian Americans. We had an in-depth convo abt the so-called "Chinese virus" and racial scapegoating. She calmly said "Donald Trump is a LIAR! Vote him out!"
Promise by @BTS_twt's Jimin is now the 4th most played song of all time on SoundCloud! Is the Only Korean/Asian artist in the Top 4 #BTSARMY #BestFanArmy 
Bet y’all didn’t know Johnny Bravo was asian 
Statements like these also imply that anti-Asian racism didn’t exist before COVID-19. COVID-19 was not the birth of anti-Asian racism, it simply exacerbated it.  …
Dear SJW’s, You’re putting your #PencilsDown because you supported targeting an Asian owned  to block the sale of Jawbreakers, which cost LCS’s sales they would’ve made which could’ve helped them survive this crisis. I feel bad for LCS’s, but not you. 
any asian or latina women up
Asian Americans report over 650 racist acts over last week according to the online forum Stop AAPI Hate. H/t  …
But Asian's are screaming RACISM???
First world country my ass and they call Malaysia and other Southeast Asian countries hellholes and undeveloped. Tu la bodo sombong lagi.  …
Again, anti-Asian racism is not new. It didn’t just pop-up with COVID-19. US history is of full of examples, & a 2010 study found that 99% of Filipino Americans experienced racism recently. Americans have just ignored it, normalized it, or denied it.  …
I’m so sick of how African, South Asian, and Southeast Asian migrant workers are treated in the gulf countries it’s literally modern day slavery. These are human beings no one should have to go through this dehumanization.  …
Prime Minister @ScottMorrisonMP How is he so poorly advised? If we #shutdownaustralia this will be over sooner. Look at Asian countries #earlyandhard open now CMO telling him if we lockdown we will need to do this for 6 months. It is the opposite #COVID19au @normanswan
Not that simple: successful Asian countries also practiced: 1) testing, 2) strict quarantines of the infected 3) contact tracing to target testing of people at high risk of infection.
I’ve seen people say that anti-asian racism will “go away” after COVID-19. news flash: it won’t. maybe physical attacks and likewise will go down, but as for the racism “disappearing”, no.
Why have most Asian countries managed to control #COVID19, while the West scrambles? Watch #thepointwithlx 
read a BBC article that rly just claims that east asian ppl wear masks bc (in part) "one key difference between these societies and Western ones, is that they have experienced contagion before" I swear to god I'm going insane how has everyone forgotten that diseases arent new
The media is reporting how many Americans (with Asian descent) have been attacked in the last few weeks, but this same media has refused to report how many Americans (of all backgrounds) have been attacked for supporting President Trump. #WalkingHypocrite
YOU FILTHY STINK BASEMENT DWELLING WEEBS THIS IS THE ASIAN SQUAT. IT CAME BEFORE L. TIRED OF THIS!
Hey media if ur gonna keep talking about Asian discrimination and attacks especially acts of physical violence then PLEASE post the pictures and names of the suspects and let's shame these people collectively as a country. Somehow I doubt you'll do that and we both know why
a hall-of-fame struggle meal from the asian delegate is boiled spaghetti with soy sauce and vinegar. thats legendary as-is, but add some peanut butter and sesame oil if you got it and youre in chef’s kississippi, population: you
donald trump’s defaulted template Trump: "Well I don't know. All I know is Asian Americans in our country are doing fantastically well. I am very close to them as you know." Depending upon subject matter he replaces Asian with another race.
On this day two years ago @TheAzkalsPH made history as they beat Tajikistan in Manila to qualify for their first ever major tournament (Asian Cup). I was there, screaming my lungs out with the joyous crowd. And I’m proud to present the story of that team in @FootballClub_cz 
I always feel sad for my Filipina friends who feel they can't rely on Asian America as a coalition and support system. I get that we have  history (and continue to have  relationship) with other AsAm groups, but the support & love is real.
chink is a slur used against chinese people, and there is a general misconception that it is a slur reclaimable by any asian, when in fact, it’s not. it’s literally chin(ese)k lmfao and even google and wikipedia states it’s referring to chinese people 
native informants unite to destroy south Asian food 
Let us pray for our Asian American neighbors and reach out to them today with an act of kindness! The rhetoric from the President is cruel and hateful but we can counter it through love #ChristiansAgainstHate #ChristiansResist #COVID2019  …
Reimbursement opportunity: Boba + groceries were $45. { findom asian feet soles paypig } 
China joins Asia's rally after the U.S. passes a $2 trillion stimulus to counter the impact of the coronavirus. Asian stocks now look set for their best week in nine years  
Asian Americans report over 650 racist acts over last week, new data shows. - @NBCAsianAmerica 
About 3/4 of those reporting anti-Asian incidents are women. It's not exactly clear why. But @KulkarniManju who helped set up STOP AAPI HATE says: “Perpetrators may feel that women are easier targets and that they might be more physically vulnerable.”
In response to the #coronavirus pandemic, Asian banks moved quickly to shore up their operations and implement new approaches to mitigate operational disruptions. Here's what we can learn from them:  #covid19
Just a friendly and fierce reminder: The term “Chinese virus” is racist, xenophobic and puts our Asian brothers and sisters in harm’s way. Discrimination and hate is spreading faster than COVID-19 itself. Enough is…  …
On a brighter note, Asian leagues have a new market for foreign players to explore next winter.  …
“You are filthy, filthy people.” These are just two of 650+ incidents of hate submitted thru a reporting center started by @SFSU Asian American Studies & civil rights groups. I asked Asian Americans to read these stories. They’re heartbreaking. #washthehate 
[ Voting is Now Open for the Finals of ‘100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020’ ] 1. Comment in Instagram:  I vote for #JeonJungkook of South Korea in the finals of 
An no I'm not blaming every Asian nation and looking at everyone differently all of a sudden. This conversation needs to be had though.
Valerie Chow was mobilizing her tv production co, Thirsty Tiger to launch #becool2asians  anti-Asian COVID-19 hate when she was attacked for being Asian. She’s now channeling fear + anger into producing positive messaging about the Coronavirus. Stay tuned for our videos! 
A gentle reminder to all to be kind to each other and stick to the facts, not prejudice. Asian-Americans are part of the fabric of our country, but too many have expressed fear for their safety in the face of more racist harassment, verbal abuse, and physical assaults.
It’s NOT the “Chinese virus” or the “Kung Flu.” There are Asians scared to get groceries in fear of being spit on or attacked. UCLA’s @NatalieChou1 personally describes the racism and fear Asian Americans + Asians are facing with the coronavirus right now  …
Stuck at home? Here’s five Asian LGBT+ films you should watch 
Where you “outraged” over the number of black women being attacked by Asian beauty store owners?  …
It's Pearl Harbor & 9/11 again. The pandemic got this far because Trump fired/dismantled the pandemic response team so he could give his rich friends a tax break. Asian Americans report over 650 racist acts over last week, new data says  … via @nbcnews
1-2-3 month TBills at deepest negative yields in history threatens all UST money market funds existence . At same time Libor rates are blowing higher by huge amounts . I smell EU or Asian bank on ropes . Never mentioned once on @CNBC today
The COVID-19 crisis will not make us lose sight of who we are –– fellow human beings, in this together. We can never accept xenophobia toward Asian-American-owned businesses or immigrant neighborhoods. That's not who we are and that's not how we'll get through this crisis.
now that they deactivated. ex oomf who is asian called a black person an ape and justified it by saying that it’s okay bc they’re an anti
Attacks against Asian-Americans are up in Wisconsin. In the Wausau area there have been incidents of vandalism, verbal attacks and physical aggression. @mirandarsuarez and I wrote about how some people are  …
Replies are a good example of S. Asian racialist idiocy: Pakistani Muslims claiming he "looks like a Hindu" and can't be Muslim, Indian Hindus claiming he looks Pakistani and can't be Indian, and others more carefully trying to suss out his ethnicity from his facial features.  …
my parents sent me a care package of asian goodies, random pairs of chopsticks & a channel perfume, literally the only good thing that has happened so far this entire quarantine 
I’ve had many conversations with other Asian Americans about this. One line has stuck with me. “We are fighting two diseases: #coronavirus and bigotry.”  … via @nbcnews
Asian American doctors like my wife, sister in law and brother in law have to deal with this bullshit AND then expose their lives to work with #COVID19 patients, with a shortage of masks and  …
FOLLOW & RETWEET to win an EARLY-ACCESS for The Sims 4: Asian Adventures Modpack! 
Here’s my fav bit of an email our senior producer Liyna sent, upon the launch of our Asian Enough podcast: “Teenage Liyna would flip out if she knew she would one day get to be a part of making this .” Our hearts are breaking today! You’ll be sorely missed. @teamliyna @latimes
A certain movie has been picked to stream this month. What movie does this description belong to? “What starts off as a  about an Asian family’s dysfunction  a violent  on how society’s monsters are made.” NAME THAT MOVIE!
Asian AM have reported being physically and verbally assaulted, passed up for Ubers and coughed and spit on. Those are among the hundreds of racist and xenophobic incidents that have been reported against Asian Americans. As Trump continues to use “Chinese virus” #NBC
I feel sorry for anyone of Asian heritage as they are now going to have to deal with being initially blamed for a pandemic and now the fact that the govt actually stopped stockpiling PPE years ago. Racist Australians will be out in force now.
Everyone else: | Asian people:
. @realDonaldTrump I understand you believe you are very close to Asian-Americans. Feel free to identify the food in this photo of my dinner. 
As we discussed: A world with less friction would be a problem if you don't wear shoes indoors. The Asian delegation votes NO.  …
Trump whips up hate against Asian-Americans by referring to the coronavirus as the Chinese virus. when he is asked about endangering Asian-Americans, he responds by blowing off the question and retreats into his usual racist grandpa rhetoric.  …
ryan higa cheated on arden cho and justine biticon has been scamming people for years. which asian person is getting exposed next in this quarantine
[52/327] "She has perfect control of her body. She can take a move that would look awkward on anybody and make it look amazing." - Professional Dancer, The Asian Theory #327WishesForLalisa #LalisaManobanDay #우리의_별_리사_생일축하해 OUR PRIDE 
WATCH: New Jersey Gov. Murphy denounces coronavirus discrimination against  "There is a special place in hell for the very small minority that do that."  …
Racism is never the answer. We are proud to stand firmly against anti-Asian racism.  …
making asian jokes when you’re white it’s getting weird 
Trump Crumbles When Asked What He’s Doing To Prevent Hate Crimes Against Asian-Americans  …
Trump was asked what he is doing to prevent hate crimes against Asian-Americans. He answered I don’t know then proclaimed himself close to Asians.  … via @politicususa
also i hope all u asian americans are as active in deconstructing social problems with  (black, brown, LGBTQ, etc) as u are in ours!!!
I’m Asian American. I am not close to trump. I feel no affinity for him, his values, his politics, his lying, his corruption, his racism, his putting corporations over people and the economy over greater good. How many Asians have already been abused b/c of his careless words?
Not only do AsianAmericans have to deal w the threat of coronavirus, but we also have to put up w ppl's expert opinions on why Asian countries are so much better at containing it vs the US bc of their "Confucian values" & "respect for social hierarchy" Pls keep us in yr thoughts
So asian cosplayers can tell y’all to stop face taping cause it’s racist but when we say don’t blackface y’all wanna pretend we (THE PEOPLE WHOSE ANCESTOR’S BLOOD IS ALL OVER THIS PLANET) don’t know what’s racist. Just say you hate black people and go!
Great to join @GOP & @EstherZLu tonight for a #LeadRight mobilization call with over 100 leaders of the Asian Pacific   is helping to #SlowTheSpread & it was an honor to speak with supporters who donated N95 masks. Together, we will prevail! 
Another East Asian friend of mine abused in a threatening way in the street today. And it’s extraordinary how much this seems to happen to East Asian women particularly #CoronaRacism #WeAreNotVirus
Trump and Birx have said the US had done more testing in 8 days than South Korea had done in 8 weeks, but that ignores the fact that South Korea has a much smaller population. The U.S. lags behind the Asian country, and others, on a per-capita basis. 
Trump flops after being asked what he’s doing to protect Asian-Americans from hate crimes: ‘I don’t know’  …
Asked by a reporter what concrete measures he is undertaking to protect Asian-Americans against hate crimes, Trump says, "Well, I don't know." The Trump administration's racist use of "Chinese virus" to describe coronavirus has contributed to increased threats. 
How is DJT calling coronavirus "China virus" protecting Asian Americans in the midst of the highly racially tense environment that he has promoted? #DJTfail
Pres. Trump: "I talk about the 'Chinese virus.' And I mean it. That's where it came from...But I don't have to say it if they feel so strongly about it." Trump's use of the term came under scrutiny amid reported incidents of bias against Asian Americans.  
Reporter: You tweeted the other day about protecting Asian-Americans Trump: "They’re very important to me, we have to protect our Asian Americans, that was a very important tweet to me." Reporter: What concrete measures are you taking? Trump: "I don't know"
Once again, Trump said Asian Americans need protection. Asked what he’s actually doing to stop hate crimes aimed at  Trump said, “I don’t know...All I know is Asian Americans are doing fanstastically well.”
Trump had  bolt after blowing the question and answer on Asian-Americans. That, and I think he was ready to pass out. I'm no doctor but he looked unwell, very winded, and really confused. #TrumpLiedPeopleDied #TrumpPandemicFailure @realDonaldTrump
Why did this fool Trump say he's "very close with them" in reference to Asian Americans? Sizjdjdjdjsisi you're close to the entire country's Asian American population? 
Trump: “I’m very close to Asian Americans!” I’ll take bullshit for $800, Trebek.
He gets a question about discrimination against Asian Americans, and stomps out of the room. Pence at the podium and hopefully soon Fauci.
“I’m very close to them, as you know,” Trump says to reporter who is Asian asking him a question about how  abusiveness toward Asian-Americans.
What the heck is Trump talking about? “ I had friends who had it, the virus, and never went to the doctor, I knew they had it and they’re fine...”. And “We have to protect our Asian Americans....”
Trump says Asian Americans "are doing fantastically well." He says he's very close to them, as you know.
When I think of his mom, I seriously admire the fact that she supported him in his dream. Like for a parent with a son of 148 IQ and supported him in  a rapper. I’m not sure if it’s cause of Asian upbringing but for me, that means a lot
New data: Asian Americans reported more than 650 racist acts over last week. "The deliberate use of terms like ‘Chinese virus’ has definitely fanned the flames of racism toward Asian Americans in this country.” -  …
If you’re still eating take-out, please consider supporting local restaurants and not chain brands. Those are the ones that are being hit the hardest—especially Asian-based restaurants due to the ignorance and racism.
If you're a news outlet and you're DYING to use a stock photo of an Asian person in a mask for an article, just use this, me as Sub-Zero when I was 8: 
if i was a famous asian instagram model i would simply not scam the people that support me
I've seen a lot of shameful "Asian foods rebranded for white people" but calling this "organic" really takes the cake 
When you go to the Asian market in the Asian area, EVERYBODY is wearing mask and gloves. When I go to Ralph's....nobody's wearing a mask. The irony.
Me in a few months when it’s finally ok to be asian again 
In Taiwan, the Govt ramped up mask production on 1/24, making sure everybody has one. In other East Asian countries, masks are  by health officials also. We’ll find out what happen to countries that follow your advice on masks. @who should be held 
my RA sprayed Lysol in my face for coughing
A contentious debate erupted among scientists about a coronavirus strain: can it survive in high humidity? N. Korea got a sample at 10am. At 10:30am they announced: "it can't". Stunned Asian scientists asked how they got it so quick. "It confessed," was the laconic answer.
Lisa is the ONLY Asian celebrity and one of 3 woman in the world to receive 1BILLION likes in a year on Instagram (2019) Her global power is unmatched! OUR PRIDE LALISA #327WishesForLalisa #LalisaManobanDay 
WE’RE LEICESTER. WE’RE ALL LEICESTER The show must go onLINE and from tomorrow, you’ll be able to enjoy our 2018 Made at Curve drama Memoirs of an Asian Football Casual online. Kick off 7pm, Fri 27 Mar Watch  
I got the logic of advising Americans not to buy masks in the beginning. But now that they're back in stores, shouldn't US authorities be telling us all to wear them when we go outside? Or are we still too pig-headed to learn from Asian countries that have contained this?
On conference call with reporters, @RepJudyChu days there have been over 1,000 hate incidents directed at Asian Americans in the “last five weeks” per three incident reporting sites
Asian mums when their son does the bare minimum 
Had to hit the Asian market for the toilet paper 
ur fave asian model is actually a horrible person you hate to see it
got yelled at for sneezing by mine
Why did you use this photo? It’s not a party. It’s not in Kentucky. It’s borderline racist to illustrate US coronavirus stories with a group of Asian people. Please be better.
My wife is Asian but she just made me the whitest lunch ever. 
Journalists, Media People: Why are y'all using unrelated photos of Asians and Asian Americans to  your COVID-19 stories? Stop it.
This is an incredibly misleading photo. Is this the photo of the partygoers in Kentucky? It sure doesn't look like it. Thanks for contributing to the further harm of Asian Americans.
I just had a COVID 19 patient, who was Asian, kept calling me a nigger, an ugly nigger this why I don’t feel bad that their getting stereotyped. It’s fucked up and isn’t fair, but Black ppl been going through this for years.
Most German seqs fall into European clusters, but some fall closer to root, with Asian seqs. The new Italy sequence is at the base of a European cluster (zoomed view). (2/2) 
I only  through cash. Get to $ending uglies. #FinD findom asian domme Brat 
Walz: We're getting a lot of calls from Asian Americans and Pacific Island Minnesotans reporting  and discrimination because some call it "Chinese Virus": "We cannot tolerate discrimination against our neighbors."
Gov. Walz said they are getting a high volume of calls of reports of discrimination against Asian Americans in response to the virus. "They are part of who we are, they are part of what we are, we cannot tolerate discrimination of our neighbors."
Reasons I’m crying: -Our journeys to America are filled with so much hope while lined with so much devastation and loss -asian love will never not be stunning and validating -never thought I’d see an arranged marriage on screen 
The rise of anti-Asian racism & xenophobia related to COVID-19 is a stark reminder of the shared history of Asian Americans as  perpetual foreigners. I talk to @AngryAsianMan @DevinCabanilla about this & what we can do on #LongDistanceRadio:  
We are grateful to artists like Kayan Cheung-Miaw for creating powerful imagery such at this one  the rising racism against East Asian people in the midst of COVID-19. via @APEN4EJ 
Hey everyone - Steven here. Wanted to announce my new podcast, which shares the stories of Asian Americans who have been deeply impacted by the coronavirus. Our first story is about a restaurant that had to shut down in 24 hours. Please listen & share:  …
I stand with @RepGraceMeng and 120+ of my colleagues in supporting this resolution to say loud & clear: xenophobia and discrimination is absolutely unacceptable. We must continue to condemn and denounce all forms of anti-Asian sentiment, now more than ever  …
The xenophobic & hateful attacks—both in person and online — targeting Asians are horrifying & saddening. I stand in solidarity w/ @RepGraceMeng & Asian Americans in #WA & across the nation. We must summon the best of who we are as Americans & not succumb to fear-driven  …
okay but i seen my mom make this for her youtube channel but i myself never had no Asian lobster with asparagus?????? 
Anti-Asian bigotry is on the rise. I’m highlighting this important joint resource by @APANONews and Portland United Against Hate. Share broadly. Thank you @tedwheeler and #Portland Commissioners for helping to protect ALL of our residents.  …
Saying Asian racial slurs is bullying. Schools should pay attention to that.
NEW free teaching resource from OU History by @AylettSamuel with a bit from me. Biographies of Notable Female African and Asian figures from the 19th and 20th centuries. Details below. Work in progress, wanted to get v.1 out now given 'pivot' to online teaching  …
I’m just going  out and say it: Asian and Asian American poets REALLY know how to pick the best covers for their books!!!
I go back and forth on this in my head. I know it’s doing a lot of harm to Asian Americans and the people using it now in the US are just trying to be racist. On the other hand, Global Times and Chinese embassies are convincing people across the world that it’s a US bioweapon.  …
Sean Miyashiro of the Asian music collective @88rising can handle a canceled festival. Racism was another story.  
Philippines iTunes (#2 at debut!) is usually a good indicator of overall popularity ... we're looking good ... ! Also Singapore at #10 already, I'm so happy Asian mixers are still going strong @LittleMix please don't forget us #LMBreakUpSong
Mmmmmm, lunch, sautéed ginger and veg on noodles, sort of Asian! 
Asian Americans who face hate crimes, discrimination, or xenophobic attacks deserve a safe place to report to. Other state attorneys general should do the same.  …
Stigmatization and discrimination are always dangerous, and even more so during this public health crisis. We are all in this together—let's act like it. Read this important op-ed from the Virginia Asian Advisory Board:  …
At work, an Asian guy mistakenly hit me with his cart, and this Spanish guy says ‘you already killed half the population, you want to kill him too?’ HR going to have a long day.
I'm looking for freelance writers to join the team at @RiceDigital! Ideally you'll know about at least one of these: Anime Asian Video Games Manga Fighting Games Visual Novels Details:  … RT's appreciated! #gamesjobs 
why she gotta be asian
Proud to join @RepGraceMeng and +120 of my colleagues to denounce the anti-Asian rhetoric emanating from the Trump White House. With this resolution, we are taking a strong stand against sickening intolerance, bigotry, and violence during this unprecedented public health crisis.  …
NYC’s Chinatowns need your love to survive! Please donate to help small businesses through Asian Americans For Equality’s Emergency Small Business Relief Fund:  
List of deadly outbreaks of the last 100 years Pandemic Name - Year • Spanish Flu : 1918-19 • Asian Flu : 1957 • Hong-Kong Flu : 1968 • HIV/AIDS : 1980 • SARS Flu : 2002-03 • Swine Flu : 2009 • MERS Flu : 2012 • Ebola virus : 2014-16 • Corona Virus : 2019-(at present)
2018 Netflix extract of "My Secret Terrius" shows Asian/Chinese clearly talking of Corona Virus developed to attack lungs, and no cure. Scary 
Updated list: These #asiatowncle restaurants are open for takeout or delivery! + don't forget your Asian grocery stores! @us with your food choices! 
So many amazing things in the new Asian American Feminist Collective ( @aafcollective) zine on COVID-19, but I loved this part so much! It’s a US timeline of its history of racialization of disease + how disease outbreaks disproportionately affect 
Robert Shaw , the first Britisher to visit #Yarkand and #CentralAsia. He was arrested and put in a dungeon by the Khan of Yarkand , Yaqub Baig. Before his release , he posed for a photo in Central Asian garb. He was basically a tea planter and uncle of Francis Young husband. 
BTW - I have this list of Asian pubbed writers here. If you aren't on it, please let me know and I'll add you!  …
Asian dude in the video was groovin
currently fighting racism by being hot and asian-pacific islander :) xx 
Did someone really  somali men to Asian men ??? What state of delusion are you in??? Literally every country in South Asia practices honour killings??? Killing women because they brought shame to the family and your saying Somali men are worse looooooool WHAT
if ur practicing good social distancing and cross the street when someone approaches on a sidewalk (a good move!)... may I suggest smiling or even saying hello to the person as u do so? Especially if they’re asian?
A warm and humid weather is linked to slower spread of the novel coronavirus, according to a study which suggests that Asian countries experiencing monsoon may experience lesser transmission of the virus #Covid_19  …
I’m excited to share my article “‘How I show up for Brown and Black students’: Asian American male mathematics teachers seeking solidarity” with @professorteds in Race Ethnicity and  …
THREAD: Today, @dananessel, @PadmaKuppaMI41, Asian American groups across the state and I joined together in calling for respectful dialogue toward Asian Americans and urging Michiganders to not attack or discriminate. #COVID19
Amid rising anti-Asian racism in the U.S. tied to coronavirus, State Sen. Stephanie Chang of Detroit said today to reporters she fears another incident similar to Vincent Chin's hate crime murder in metro Detroit in 1982.
Lisa a gorgeous multi-talented thai woman doing the most to represent south east asian women in world music. Thank you for paving the way for present and future SEA artists! OUR PRIDE LALISA #LalisaManobanDay #327WishesForLalisa #우리의_별_리사_생일축하해 
Ram Ram ji China started #WuhanVirus to finish its own population in Wuhan & through them spread virus to South Korea, Spain, Italy, US, UK, Asian countries. China at start said #CoronavirusOubreak doesn’t travel by human transmission ? Now blocking transparency at UNSC 
Need some mutuals (not new to nsfw) ✞ 16 turning 17 ✞ Switch ✞ He/Him ✞ Asian ✞ Straight ✞ Quarantine? That’s me everyday. Rt to be Mutuals Like for a Dm 
I wrote a little prose something about a small sadness—for Stay Home Diary (over on @bittermelonpoem), a collective archive of Asian artists’ day to day reflections during this crisis (now through April). Here’s the beginning of my entry. Read the rest:  … 
"We Can't Be Silent": Asian Americans in Hollywood Denounce "Chinese Virus" and Racist Incidents  … via @thr
Natalie Chou of @UCLAWBB explains how she is finding her voice and why she's using her platform as a student-athlete  anti-Asian racism brought on by the coronavirus.  …
Vietnam: Health Ministry reported an additional seven Corona virus cases taking Southeast Asian country's tally to 141, though it reported no deaths. #CoronaVirusUpdate #CoronavirusPandemic
Reminder Jack Ma has donated: - 1m PPE kits and 500k tests to the US - 6m+ PPE kits and tests to Europe - 100 tonnes of PPE plus 1.5m test kits to Africa - 3.8m sets of PPE, 400k tests to Asian countries  …   …
U.S. Navy Launches Southeast Asian Live-Fire Missile Tests in ‘Warning to China’ 
Mr Secretary, Kindly rethink your attempt to rename this horrific virus. Consider the 21 million Asian Americans,, including my own children & grandchildren whom you expose to bullying and physical harm. The correct official name is coronavirus/ covid-19. #BeBest
Me, an intellectual: I'm 1 of the 2020 New Generation Thinkers from @BBCRadio3 @ahrcpress! 1st East Asian in the decade of NGT. (?) Here from the colonies for >2 years & killing it #NGT2020 Pay attention to these emerging (mostly Black) scholars too 1/  
Americans have almost no privacy protections vis-a-vis the almighty god of targeted digital advertising, but our *public sector* privacy restrictions seem much too stringent to do Asian-style case isolation no matter how many tests we do.
It was an honor and pleasure to work with @NatalieChou1 on this powerful essay about anti-Asian racism related to coronavirus for @espn @espnW.  …
Is Chinese a race? No, it’s a nationality. Asian is a race, but that’d only matter if it was called the “Asian virus”.Since China nor Chinese are a race, no, so calling it the “China virus” isn’t racist.  …
Remember the Chinese Communist Party line that Trump is racist for saying the  from China? Well, the SPLC took it one step further and blamed the president for harassment against Asian Americans. It said “Chinese virus” is an epithet...  …
Why am I so good at self isolating ? Because I’m Asian. We weren’t allowed out. Be more asian during this time!
Thankyou @fatbeauty_leung for the #ThreeBullChallenge #3bullCallenge nomination !! Now I nominate some Asian flavours to spread the challenge out !! @YAMADASANDMAN @toru_darts @BBaby180 Stay safe everyone and take care! 
#AsimRiaz RECORD LIST 5 MONTH Vs 10 YEARS INDUSTRY . @asjadnazir 24th Sexiest Asian Men . @BizAsia Rank 4 TV Personality 2019 .1st India Person #AsimForTheWin 15M Tweets . @JohnCena uploaded pic on instagram! . 2.1 billion viewa on TikTok . 2 songs 1million likes!
Ppl say i look like asian ariana grande but watever 
People are really upset by that Olympics article, but I don’t think you should let banal racism from white and Asian people at such a time be your problem. These people are looking for shreds of familiarity in this chaos, and what’s more familiar than being anti-black racists?
Sarah Geronimo's UNFORGETTABLE film on @netflix is the best asian film to binge during #Covid19 Lockdown period. It's full of heart, friendship and it's for everyone. This is the 3rd time I watched the film and it still gets me everytime. *warning: prepare your tissues* 
Tbh I really do hope that after this is all over we follow Asian countries' lead and just normalize wearing a mask on the subway if you're sick or afraid of getting sick What good reason is there not to do it? What pro-social spirit of subway cheer are you trying to preserve
"Not every Asian is a member of the Chinese Communist Party, you racist!" -- someone who thinks all white people are, by definition, racist
Ok so...you guys DO KNOW is NORMAL for families to shower together in S.K and Japan (idk other asian countries tho). U know in animes when the school goes to a place and they all take a bath together? Well, that's normal in close friends as well for whar i gor
Some of you know my book tour was cancelled. This is rubbish! I'm not alone. I wanted to talk to you about some other Asian Diasporic peeps who would be promoting their books now. (I narrowed it down to Asian people in particular because of the anti-Asian hate at the moment.)
hella disappointed about justine biticon and the whole scamming thing :( looked up to her too as an asian model rip
14-year-old Harry Ding, an eighth-grader at Buist Academy, has been working with several Asian-American Charleston-area residents to collect personal protective equipment for hospital workers. 
This whole scene is what every asian family is in a nut case 
Warning: Violent & Graphic Asian Gangs Stab Each other In #Leeds Instead Of Staying Indoors. #coronavirus It looks as though the young man at the end didnt manage to escape serious injury or possibly death When all is said and done we must take our street back. 
The audit report also noted that the department supply chain for PPE supplies was via a few Asian [ie  operators of uncertain reliability. /5
Vote #Jungkook di 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020: . 1. Vote Twitter  … (like & rt) 2. Vote FB  … (like & share) 3. Vote IG  … (like & komen) 4. Vote Web  … Fighting @BTS_twt
The Asian Hospital and Medical Center has announced that it is currently unable to admit confirmed #COVID19PH patients or patients under investigation (PUI). The hospital said it has exceeded full 
short  announcement! If you're an unpublished South Asian writer, our friends at @BurntRotiMag have launched a  Prize includes face time with our editorial team More details  …
Are you outraged at Asian - Americans attempting to dismantle Affirmative Action or are you totally okay with that?  …
Asian experts are advising people to wear homemade masks if need be, and telling people that a paper towel mask is 90% as good as a surgical mask. Meanwhile, in America 
"A couple from Hurstville called after they walked past an Asian couple with suitcases and were worried they had been exposed to the virus" - Stupid calls to 000 clogging up system  … via @smh
Quick poll: Who is your favourite Indian brand mascot? 1. AIR INDIA’s Maharaja 2. ASIAN PAINTS’ Gattu 3. AMUL’s girl 
As I think through it, I wonder if our sense  is different from the Asian sense  We claim Ubuntu but the Asians were the ones who really practiced it. The Chinese bureaucrat had boundaries and beliefs that made him obliged to grow  We didn't
i need Asian food soon or I’m gonna freak tf out
Asian tycoons are gung-ho on share buybacks at a time when industry leaders in the U.S. and Europe are holding back because of the coronavirus outbreak 
This hit me like a ton of bricks. Very very true. Our rich African man flex was having houses abroad and sending kids abroad to school. They assumed wealth was a birthright. The rich Asian flex was owning factories to continue to build real wealth for generations.  …
Also note the names of past pandemics.. Spanish Flu, Asian Flu, Hong Kong Flu... can we at least call it the 
Remember when Donald Glover has a tumblr account where he pretended to be an Asian teenage girl  …
My recent hosp 3hr trip involved 7 staff 2 African, 2 European, 2 Asian, 1 Middle Eastern All  & professional Facing #COVID19, racism isn't just immoral it's plain stupid
Warsaw people: a shoutout for a few small businesses working despite the lockdown: — @tajfunypl for Japanese and other Asian literature in EN/PL (shop online) — bakeries Rano (open) and Cała w Mące (order by email) — Winny Przystanek (sells wine to take home) Which would you add?
Kashmiri silk rug depicting Tree of Life, one of the popular themes of Turkish, Central Asian and Kashmiri rugs, depicts flowering tree with ever-growing branches that sustain animal life. Design symbolizes bridge between paradise, world of men and the world above. 
Oahu people! If you’re in the Waialua area and need some fresh produce/fruits, support local and visit Waialua Fresh! They also have some Asian goods as well! 
Investors left Asian markets mixed in early Thursday trading as they awaited news of the fate of a huge coronavirus economic rescue package in the United States 
I had looked into the history of "hawaiian pizza" and it turns out some non-Hawaiian white guy in Canada invented it to make fun of Asian food, so now I hate it.  …
Asian Hospital and Medical Center declares it could no longer admit more COVID-19 patients. ( Asian Hospital and Medical Center Facebook page) | via 
Vote for #JUNGKOOK in the Finals of ‘100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020’ while streaming My Time Target 1: 100 shares/person 1 Share = 5 Votes  … Target 2: 50+ votes/person  … Show your proof of all 3 down below
Asian 'poster child' sends coronavirus economic impact signal 
NEW "In the end, the only pivotal role Singapore played in British imperial defence... was to put the final nail into any notions of sustaining an Asian empire by any European power". Great article here.  …
Growing up in Honduras, gringo to me just means American and you can be Latinx, Black, Asian and be VERY gringo. You know what I mean.
She’s Asian first of  …
Asian markets cautiously await U.S. stimulus, jobs  
"It was called 'racist'? But ... how could banning travel from an area known to be the epicentre of an extremely contagious novel virus have *anything* to do with race? And didn't a bunch of Asian countries do it first?" - confused future history student
The POINT is that black culture is not a JOKE. Every single idol profits from black culture and then so many turn around and mock it. It’s not a damn joke. It’s like someone wearing a hanbok and smearing kimchi on their face & stretching their eyes to look Asian.
Why all the Asian parents attending WeChat medical school
pisay bardalugan shows us how a national asian parliamentary debate format semifinalist renders himself helpless and lose all his cool pagdating sa trashtalkan. Weird flex but ok
hey are we ready to have that conversation about how asian "baddies" r just girlies who appropriate Black women for the aesthetic???
Yes, they "fought back against discrimination" -- by encouraging thousands of Asian-Americans to march in the midst of a pandemic  …
Smallest of inconvenience? Getting segregated because they’re Asian is not a small inconvenience. Attacks against elders who are Asian is not a small inconvenience. UNIVERSAL xenophobia is NOT. A. SMALL. INCONVENIENCE.
I WONT A BOND THATS TIGHTER THAN ASIAN PUSSY
For over two millennia, many East Asian countries used a type of coin known as "cash." 
a question for @nytimes and @vox and @washingtonpost @CNN Asian countries with high mask usage seem to be doing quite a bit better with respect to their #COVID2019 case count who told you to spin the tale that masks don't work do you not trust the american public?
#ICYMI: Earlier today, #CAPAC First Vice Chair @RepGraceMeng introduced a congressional resolution to denounce anti-Asian sentiment related to COVID-19. Read our full statement  
any asian or latina women up
Not as outraged as I am the treatment blacks receive from the  And aren't the Chinese the one dismantling affirmative action on behalf of whites? I'll save my outrage for a worthy cause. In the mean time  …
Remember when we got Asian representation on TV in 2010? 
WAIT HELP I WENT RUNNING TODAY AND I GOT THIS EXACT RESPONSE FROM MY MOM IS IT THE ASIAN 
9/10 Asian parents  Tiger Balm for COVID-19.
It looks like those asian dramas about tragic romance 
IS AOC A RACIST? She said “CHINESE RESTAURANTS” One day she also said Chinese Food So how are we racist for saying Chinese Virus? By the way I love Asian people and AOC Lied when she said no one is eating Chinese Food! I LOVE MY CHINESE FOOD! 
Getting turned down by an Asian girl and muttering "the mysterious orient"
If only we had some clue why disease spreads differently between Asian and North American urban centers. I guess it will remain a riddle wrapped in an enigma contained within the unknowable 
In the season finale of #NoraFromQueens we followed @awkwafina to Beijing — and it was fun ending to a fantastic first season! I chatted with EP @teresahsiao about the episode, the importance of Asian representation in the current climate and what to expect from season 2!  …
“Data scientists from the Asian Institute of Management estimated 26,000 COVID-19 cases in the Philippines by end-March. Many, if not most of these cases, will be in Metro Manila.”  …
In my African history class, we've spent a lot of time talking the power of visual representation to shape how we understand people & events. Tomorrow we're going to talk a little about how Asians became the face of COVID-19 & how deep anti-Asian racism runs. 
Y'all, "Claudia Kishi Club" is so good! Makes me wish I got to include @cblee_cblee @robochai and @NaiaCucukov in my episode of @Asian_Americana to join @angryasianman @yumisakugawa and @sarahkuhn, but I'm so glad and proud @suedujour_ got them all and created this awesome  …
Asian boys are so gae I can’t
“This is the perfect moment for Asian Americans to acknowledge our debts to other people of color and show that we care just as much about anti-blackness, anti-brownness and ongoing colonialism as we do about what happens to people who look like us.” Very important read!  …
#wings are down in the @InstantPot with my Asian #marinade. Don’t knock this technique. I always do high fat proteins and then pop it in the broiler. #staytuned #StayHome #WednesdayVibes #Dinner #Cooking #keto #chicken 
‘Nora From Queens’ Season Finale: EP Teresa Hsiao On How Awkwafina Comedy Brings Fresh Perspective On Asian Identity And Plans For Season 2  
Homeless Asian 
Less cultural essentialism, please. East Asian countries have been preparing for 17 years for a SARS-like pandemic.  …
Asian or not, a heartfelt message from me to you during these challenging times. 1/4 
quarantine cooking...the asian boy w the aave better count his mf days 
so the beauty supply store isn’t an essential service which means black women are suffering and so are Asian store owners and y’all SEE what demographic ISNT effected.... seems a little racist to me 
You know what we should do  the narratives resulting in racist attacks against Asians? Not post pictures of Asian people or Chinatowns with every COVID-19 article. Do better  …
I am outraged that we are seeing an uptick in violence against Chinese Americans and also other Asian-Americans because of the horrible misrepresentation by the President calling the coronavirus a Chinese virus and by others “Kung Flu”...
These Asian  needa stop calling me sis in the emails.
*US pushes regime change as Chinese people die of COVID-19 in China* Asian Americans: *silent* *US calls for sanctions & invasion of China* Asian Americans: *silent* *Americans start being racist towards Asian Americans* Asian Americans: Now THIS is where we draw the line.
Lemme put this is the SIMPLEST TERMS POSSIBLE. If black and brown people get shit on and get called “inaccurate” for doing a cosplay (BY HWYT COSPLAYERS) white and Asian cosplayers SHOULDNT get away w being worshipped as paragons of cosplay when they paint their skin darker.
Just had my first online therapy session and have truly never been more thankful to have an Asian American therapist. It is so scary out there for so many reasons, and I did not have to spend half the time convincing her racism is real or explaining what it feels like.
NY Attorney General launches hotline for Asian Americans to report discrimination  … via @nbcnews
"On TikTok teenagers joke about running away from Chinese exchange students or their Asian-American peers, while (mostly) older men defend their decision to call it the “Chinese virus.”"  …
To my Asian friends, how you are being treated now is how Black people are treated all the time. Please remember that when COVID-19 is no longer news.
We #BoycottMulan because #LiuYifei supports #PoliceBrutality in #HongKong Now many in #China want to boycott #Mulan as well Because LiuYifei described herself as #Asian not #Chinese I guess everyone’s boycotting Mulan now serves you right Liu 
Asian Americans are reporting mistreatment as COVID-19 spreads in the U.S. One Minnesota hotline for asking questions about coronavirus is still getting a high volume of  about Asian Americans. 
Join us for A Townhall on Anti-Asian Racism! Asian American organizers, and other people of color we're  with, will facilitate a conversation on race, struggle, and solidarity in the time of #COVID19. Saturday, March 28 from 3-5 pm PST. RSVP:  
If you know of someone of Asian descent that has been recently accosted or harassed because of the current climate, please DM me.
Xiaozhan Fans Charity Initiative Day 4: Help farmers everywhere, Yunnan is taking action! Introducing Yunnan Ximeng honey. Ximeng Va Autonomous County has many forests filled with traditional Asian honey bees that produce this fresh honey. 
interested in the anthropology of secularism & that of Islamic law? feminist anthropology? South Asian studies? If so then Dr. Katherine Lemons' _Divorcing Traditions: Islamic Marriage Law and the Making of Indian Secularism__ is a must-read. thread on some of her key points 
How has the coronavirus pandemic affected the lives of Asian Americans? The LA Times’ new podcast “Asian Enough” tackles coronavirus and its cultural impact in a bonus episode. 
You don't want to miss @aafcollective's new zine CARE IN THE TIME OF CORONAVIRUS! This zine is packed with contributions exploring Asian American feminist practices, politics, and histories of care:  
I'd love to be an ally and promote some amazing Asian and Asian American children's authors and illustrators on my blog. I'm thinking a nice big book list for readers to share! Who would you suggest? @kellyyanghk @gracelin @maerespicio @MGBookVillage #kidlit #mglit
I am proud to be an Asian-American Organizer
Join Asian Prisoner Support Committee ( @AsianPrisonerSC) for a conversation on the violences of deportation, how it has affected deportees, and  can organize to bring families back from deportation. Friday, March 27 from 1-2 pm 
Endangered Elephant 11"x15" Watercolour on Paper @winsorandnewton Source Photo: Thanks to @ParveenKaswan Asian elephant population has been declined by 50% since 1930s. It is threatened by habitat loss, degradation & fragmentation Time to make serious efforts to save them 
This little Asian lady really pissing me tf off . You don’t get to abandon your baby . Then take the baby from a good upbringing to live in some trash ASS Apartment #LittleFiresEverywhere 
Rep. Judy Chu, chair of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus warned that the legislation could put Asian Americans in harm's way. 
The regular supermarkets are bare, but the Asian markets ain't 
Sending my thoughts out and structuring my behavior to support Asian-Americans facing racism — a form of violence — during this time of crisis.  …
In addition to dealing with racism, Asian students are being disproportionately affected by remote learning at US universities. Many were sent home, to countries that are 12-13 hours ahead of EST. I've heard stories of some trying to stay on EST to keep up with Zoom classes (!).
I wholeheartedly agree. So many Asian small businesses owners in #NY10 were disproportionately impacted by xenophobia and anti-Asian racism in the wake of #Covid_19. Now we need immediate action- business continuity grants to help get the lights turned back on once this is over.  
#TiffanyYoung shared a post  on escalating racism towards Asian people during  …
Xenophobic attacks against Asian Americans have spiked during the #coronavirus pandemic. In response, NY has launched a hotline to report hate crimes or biased incidents: : Civil.Rights@ag.ny.gov : 
Yes. And a racist. Most fetishizers at least pretend to like the Asian culture. DUMP HIM.  …
This is what it's like to be an Asian American in 2020. Thank you to everyone who shared their stories with me. (What's sad is, the anecdotes I included here are only about 10 percent of the stories I received from our callout.)  …
Although COVID-19 has killed more than 20,000 people and affected countries around the world, Donald Trump’s fixation on its origins in Wuhan, China, has encouraged a rash of anti-Asian bigotry in the United States. 
Though the Coronavirus is an enormous issue in Asian and European countries, the American government has taken timely measures to thwart the pandemic and vastly saved citizens from the humanitarian crisis and currently striving to protect the public from economic drawbacks. 
i miss being a kid and getting asked “are you asian or Chinese” those were the good ole days
Carolina is steadfast in  to the values of diversity, equity and inclusion. As a University, #UNC denounces and condemns any anti-Chinese, Chinese American or Asian prejudice, particularly as it relates to the COVID-19 pandemic. Read more: 
Health and Human Services should be keeping records on the reports of coronavirus inspired anti-Asian violence. To make certain that they are, we’ve asked for records.  …
Yeah asian weddings are definitely the best weddings >>>>>  …
U.S. Navy Launches Southeast Asian Live-Fire Missile Tests in ‘Warning to China’  …
I wrote for @washingtonpost about why the "Chinese virus" should radicalize Asian Americans (if you ain't radicalized already)  …
Abbott: Refuses to issue statewide stay-at-home order Patrick: Advocates for sacrificing seniors to save the economy Cruz & Cornyn: Discriminate against Asian Americans w/ racist rhetoric Texas, we’ve GOT to vote these guys out of office. ASAP.  …
Calling #coronavirus Chinese virus, Wuhan virus, Kung-flu is not only disgusting, it threatens the safety of Asian Americans. Congress must take a strong stand against the rise in anti-Asian sentiment & today I’ve intro’d a resolution that would do that. 
Right now, Asians and Asian Americans are experiencing targeted racism by people who see Asians as synonymous with the coronavirus pandemic. It's a scary situation for a lot of folks here in the Bay Area and all over the country. 
Why y’all use a picture of Asian people in masks? Just curious? Like if it’s Kentucky I’m assuming they were whit
Asian girls don’t glow up they just shave their moustache
Increased threats to Hindu Americans, temples from hate groups seeking use of #COVID19 as bioweapon. According to sources, white supremacist groups have urged infected people to spread the disease to Asian Amerians and other minorities.  
It’s not the ‘Chinese Virus’; it is indiscriminate in who it affects. Act responsibly. We are all humans. #StayAtHomeSaveLives. No excuse for racism. 'Coughing while Asian': living in fear as racism feeds off coronavirus panic  …
As the #COVID19 pandemic intensifies, we're paying special attention to the impact on Chinese and Asian Pacific Islander residents who have experienced increased acts of bigotry and discrimination. #VirusesDontDiscriminate based on race or 
"World Bank approved" then "Asian Development Bank approved". Look! "Approved", "Submission", "ngemis". Tidak punya power, tidak punya poin, bukan power poin, tapi power bank, the power of ngutang.
RT GAME 2/2/2 for 30min  max what’s better than a little rtgame before going to bed? ~ walletdrain moneyslave rtgame asian goddess FinD findom ~ 
Made with love, our zine CARE IN THE TIME OF CORONAVIRUS. With the #COVID19 pandemic neither behind or ahead of us, this zine looks to Asian American feminist practices, politics, and histories of care:  
I hope the  remembers this in November. 
Some people need someone to hate, not just an invisible enemy. Trump pointed them to Asian Americans, and people responded with hateful and even criminal behavior 
I see we have gotten to the part of the movie Contagion where Matt Damon starts yelling about why the  won’t let him call it the “Asian Death” and also about how the New York Times just won’t let him be thirty, flirty, and thriving
I'm on the latest episode of #LongDistanceRadio, talking to @paolamardo about the disturbing rise of anti-Asian racism and xenophobia amidst COVID-19.  …
Online @nature A genomic and epigenomic atlas of prostate cancer in Asian populations  
We strive to enrich our animals lives everyday and what is a better way than bubbles! This is the first time our Asian small-clawed otters, Turnip and Otis got to play with bubbles. (We use bubbles that are toddler safe and non toxic) credit: Aquarist Brittany 
You Asian’s following the crowd make me sick
I talk about “casual racism” and hostility against Asian Americans as a result of #COVID19 and how we can teach kids and teens to be responsible w words in my free writing class on Instagram Live today. Let’s inspire kids to rise above hate! #coronaracism 
Apparently we've already had a recession caused by a global pandemic - Asian Flu in 1957. The economy recovered almost immediately.  
This virus doesn’t have a race, a nationality, or a legal residency status. #CA17 is the sole Asian American majority district in the continental US. We are always going to stand against xenophobia and intolerance, at home and across the country. 
Y'all don't: 1. Fire an Asian employee because you think they might have or catch COVID-19. 2. Don't let your employees harass an Asian co-worker with  about having/spread COVID-19. I really, really shouldn't have to tell y'all this, but here we are.
Thankyou @goodevans180 for the #ThreeBullChallenge nomination !! Now I nominate some Asian flavours to spread the challenge out !! @seigo_asada @MIKL396 @momo_wengweng Stay safe everyone and take care! 
Thanks @vanitaguptaCR. There is no medical/scientific benefit to using the language used by Sen. Cotton. The cost? Physical violence, verbal assault, and bullying of Asian Americans. It should not be this hard.  …
The American  includes Southeast Asian Americans. I know Muslims in Metro Detroit from Chinese, Indonesian Mongolian and Malaysian ancestry. Anti-Asian hate increasing in America isn’t totally separate from 
Trying to explain to a republican why using “Chinese virus” is inherently wrong and is connotatively racist due the fact it came from bats and not Asian individuals is extremely frustrating. He reasoned he could call it that bc it came from China. I just sashayed out
#NEW: New York launches a hotline to report "bigoted & hateful behavior" against Asian Americans during the coronavirus pandemic.  …
This entire presser is racially coded and IMO -  from leadership in THESE specific states. I also want to lift up that CURRENTLY, 16.2% of Latinx workers and 19.7% of Black Americans are able to work from home, while 30% of whites & 37% of Asian-Americans can.  …
25k for this 24k. Half a kilo of Asian gold, never thought I would spend this much on gold one day. But I’m invested in a few things. 
After repeatedly using the term "Chinese virus", US President Donald #Trump tweeted Monday that people should "protect our Asian  by adding "the spreading of the Virus ...is NOT their fault". #COVID19 Was it an apology?
Be a minority in an Asian owned shop if u wanna see racism. Outta here w that.
Question: Is the Asian box art for Vortex awesome? Answer: 
Support local! Today, we're giving away $25 gift cards to Eggs & Jam and Heavenly Asian Cuisine! RT to enter to win, and support local restaurants during this tough time by ordering takeout/delivery or purchasing gift cards to use later. #DSMLocalChallenge #DSMStrong 
I'm seeing a spike in black people harassing, berating, & turning a blind eye to the way Asian Americans are being treated right now due to the fact that "Well they don't like us why should I give a shit?" And it genuinely makes me sick to my stomach...
Salesforce stands with their  "during this unprecedented time". Because there's never been a time in history when a global pandemic started in China. The only part I suspect is unprecedented here is the racialist handwringing. 
Young black men are stereotyped by law enforcement all the time. Thats why so many of them are killed by police officers. Its ok for an Asian cop to kill Akai Gurley and get 5 years probation but everyone is up in arms about an Asian cop being called Jackie Chan? 
"White and Asian workers have the highest rates of access to remote work, but the rate of  access plummets among black and brown employees." #coronavirus  …
White non native writers writing sci fi fantasy: Imagine human zoos? Gasp! People of color or Indigenous people: We dont need to imagine jackshit cuz you did it to Asian Black Hispanic & or Indigenous people up until the fucking 1950s!
Hair appreciation tweet This is what you get when you mix black and asian and bleach LOL. Sadly due to stress and excessive bleaching from a modeling stint left me with my hair falling out so I had to cut it and dye it darker and I haven't taken a selfie since :') 
Hundreds of Central Asian migrant workers are stranded at a Moscow airport with nowhere to go as borders are sealed to limit the spread of #coronavirus. Similar scenes are being reported across Russia, including Ekaterinburg in the Urals and an airport in Siberia's 
Urgent appeal to all Asian Lads!! Hai meri mummy!! #CoronavirusLockdownUK #CoronavirusLockdown #CoronavirusIndia #desi #indian 
It’s been WILD to me how many black people are supporting Trump right now because he made the racist ass “Chi-NUH” joke. Like y’all know this man is racist as fuck right? It’s only funny when he’s racist to Asian people? Please wake up.
The video of the virtual launch for the Sir Lenny Henry Centre for Media Diversity is now live! Please watch the whole video but a major highlight is a report by @publicradionerd for @EquityUK on E. Asian representation.Jump straight to it by clicking here  …
#COVID19 #racism I am floored by the outpouring of support. I’ve been thick-skinned all my life. I’ll be fine.I AM fine. But now I worry for the safety of others not in my position. I told my Asian post-docs to not walk “alone”, to go back before it gets dark.  …
NY thugs arguing with cops by yelling racial slurs and calls Asian cop Jackie Chan... NYPD cop tells thug SUCK MY DICK because they get sick of this daily abuse. Holy Mary Mother of Jesus we need Rudy Giuliani back. Who agrees? 
Comic book fans are too smart to tolerate snubbing  publisher of @ALTERNACOMICS @petersimeti , who is thriving in the indie market in challenging times. Add him to your list, please, @PREVIEWSworld , and try not to over look him in the future.  …
2nd Lieutenant Pamela Dorothy Donovan, U.S. Army, died of a rare Southeast Asian virus on July 8, 1968. Born in Ireland, she was assigned to the 85th Evacuation Hospital in Qui Nhon. Her name is remembered on Panel 53W, Line 43. Today is her birthday.  
“They just see that you’re Asian and you are horrible”: How the pandemic is triggering racism  …
Again, for the cheap seats: this has no policy implications. It will not help anyone or change anything. The ONLY thing it will do is ramp up discrimination & violence against Asian-Americans. Republicans just love racism for its own sake.  …
Asian Flu was in the '50s. Believe he's referring to swine flu which was in 2009. FTR N95 masks expire after 5 years. Delete your account Newt.  …
moe why is yu holding the jay like an asian  …
Despite president’s rhetoric that the US would not rely on foreign nations for help, the administration has approached European and Asian partners...  …
JUST IN: New York AG launches hotline to report coronavirus hate crimes, xenophobia against Asian Americans  
This para from NYT: "But unlike in 2001, when President George W. Bush urged tolerance of American Muslims, this time President Trump is using language that Asian-Americans say is inciting racist attacks."
John Lennon wearing a £1,000 coat made out of human hair “I wanted a fur coat, but I didn't want an animal fur coat, It looked like a had tons of Yoko's heads on me, just all this sort of black Asian hair.” 
#RepublicVsCorona | The rise in numbers that we will see is because of better testing. Over the next 3 weeks, stay at home and the cases will go down: Padma Bhushan Dr Ramakant Panda- Vice Chairman & MD, Asian Heart institute  
We stand with our colleagues & the  Racism, xenophobia, a/o discrimination of any form should not be tolerated. #DiversityandInclusion  …
The crisis in Ireland is being managed largely through  & control management style/structure Instead as Asian countries have shown you need a massively distributed effort Speed is everything Decisions just can’t wait for HQ approval. I think we’re realising that now
This was one of my favourite stories whilst editing @sacha_dhawan's @rule_exception ep & it features @iNikeshPatel Sacha talks about building more solidarity within the S. Asian  When this is all over, I need to figure out how to get into this WhatsApp group 
An Asian man waiting for the subway in Brooklyn was spit on, blamed for the coronavirus. The victim, 26, was spit on, confronted with a gun-like gesture by a crazed man's fingers at the Barclays Center station. “You f---ing Chinese," the assailant said.  …
Rep. Grace Meng: "Are you kidding me? President Trump spews xenophobia about Asian Americans and now, after an increase in threats and attacks, says he wants to protect the Asian  ... Too little, too late."  …
Hello Twitter friends, here is an Asian Squirrel poised for landing, it's got that uncertain look that I am feeling at the moment. Taken in Thailand last year. 
True. What makes it worse is the  is known for sticking up for  of col..... oh, wait.
At the beginning of his press briefing, Sec. of State Mike Pompeo refers to coronavirus as "the Wuhan virus" despite serious concerns about attacks on Asian Americans. 
Dear Asian Americans: I’m sure it is earth shattering to go from being viewed as a model minority to a contagion, but it’s not legally actionable. Trust Black folk on this one.
Black guys saying “bye Jackie Chan” to an Asian-American cop is the type of casual racism that Asians have received long before the coronavirus. But SJWs never cared about stuff like this. 
Blasians whole personality be that they asian
Went from accusing them of being racist to being racist towards the Asian guy.
This is the scum that festers in NYC. Racism against the Asian Officer calling him Jackie Chan. This is New York. These are the dregs of society that police have to deal with. Humans that do not contribute anything to society.  …
JUST AN OBSERVATION: Due to Coronavirus Asian people are being treated, exactly how they treat their Black customers in the beauty supply store & in the nail shop. 
Not to be dramatic, but saying "Bye Jackie Chan" to an Asian is actually pretty racist  …
Jackie Chan is trending for all the wrong reasons because one group of angry black guys were racist to an Asian cop and picked a fight with armed authority figures with no basis for it, the wrong methodology and mindset. It's not even funny, it's just cringe. 
What @AndrewYang means to say: Congress. You geriatric fucks. I said 1,000/month for EVERY person. What the hell is a means tested, $1200 one time payment going to do? Should have listened to the Asian man who likes MATH and did the MATH for you. Useless grifters fucked it up.  …
New York State Attorney General Letitia James announced on March 23 that New York has launched a hotline dedicated to reports of hate crimes and discrimination against the Asian  
One thing I really don’t understand is that the western world seems very hesitated for wearing masks - I mean for all the ppl not just for medical workers. Masks played a very important role in containing the virus in Asian countries, try learn from them!
The same people who insist the influx of racism against Asian people is all in our heads are literally calling the state health department hotline  about us existing in public  
Y’all see some random cute Asian kids and immediately link them to BTS y’all are truly weirdos that need help  …
NY attorney general launches hotline for Asian Americans to report discrimination  …
Animal Update The snow leopards, Amur tigers and Asian Lions are enjoying their lunch al fresco today! 
This is the most asian thing I've ever seen LMAO I rate the gesture tho  …
If you’re in Toronto, are in need of know of anyone in need— share this, get a free meal, be supported  Proud to see South  opening its doors right now. 
“If Asian Americans can thrive in this great country, then so can we”, is my personal motto..
#RacismIsAVirus aims  the rising xenophobia against Asians and Asian-Americans amid the global coronavirus pandemic.  …
The People’s Collective for Justice and Liberation presents a Townhall on Anti-Asian Racism: Race, Struggle and Solidarity in the Time of A Global Pandemic Sat 3/28 from 3-5pm PST/6-8pm EST RSVP Here:  … #Coronavirus #COVIDー19 #RacismIsAVirus 
renjun’s that asian mom who threatens to take away or confiscate whatever youre playing with bc youre not listening 
As I'm reading the experiences of fellow Asian Americans during this pandemic, it breaks my heart but there's also weird moments of healing. I was hesitant to share mostly because of fear of retribution, people dismissing my experience, or just overall, more hate.
a problem I have as an illustrator is definitely non-asian  me for drawings of asian people and then telling me they dont look asian 99% of the time ends up being because I dont draw their eyes thin and slanted enough? im chinese. LMAO
The racism being directed towards Asian  must end immediately. Xenophobia isn't going to get us out of this public health crisis. To all Asian Americans: this is your home and we stand with you against this kind of hatred and bigotry.  …
Since the outbreak of the WUHAN CHINA CORONAVIRUS, these mythical “anti-Asian” attacks have occurred, like, 3 times. Each one was caught on video. Each time it was a young black male, probably mentally ill. But leave it to the SPLC and Democrats to manufacture non-existent hate  …
are you telling me that my mom had it right with her asian sun visor this whole time o_0  …
Good Morning y’all! I’m featured in @i_D today, discussing my powerful South Asian aesthetic in Beauty & Fashion.  …
Asian Bookish Creators Directory I know this lockdown has made it difficult for both authors & creators, so I've revamped my Asian Book Blogger Directory into this new, expanded directory! Register at  … RTs very much appreciated! Thank 
somali dons move just like them abusive asian ones loool weirdos  …
I DONT KNOW HOW TO PROCESS THIS VID IN MY HEAD ITS JUST THAT JAEM IS LIKE THAT ASIAN MOTHER WHO TELLS U TO USE YOUR EYES FOR SEARCHING NOT YOUR MOUTH 
It Happened to Me: Racism in the Time of Coronavirus. On today’s new #LongDistanceRadio episode, I share my experience & talk to @AngryAsianMan @DevinCabanilla @FANHS_Seattle about the rise of anti-Asian racism & xenophobia.  …
"I wanted to bang an Asian woman but now she's insisting on talking...AITA?"
How about some love for the Asian creators? So many greats through the decades up through today. We are indebted to you. Comic book fans are too smart to tolerate any ignorance against you. Let's lift those creators up in a thread. We'll go first. #ComicsAndQuarantine
Uh, what about all the videos circulating of Asian men and women spitting on produce, door handles, elevator buttons, etc.? Or what about all the videos of blacks going around coughing on food at grocery stores? Why do only White people make the news for this?  …
great thread on digital sources for South Asian history that researchers and students can use these days. Please do visit  as well that @tareekhdaan and I launched  …
Who raised these tiny racists in Toronto? 1. Yelling at random asian strangers about coronavirus 2. Not practicing social distancing 3. YELLING AT RANDOM ASIAN STRANGERS ABOUT CORONAVIRUS #Toronto  
This will fuel racism and violence toward Asian-Americans. This is appalling.  …
Yes, I’m Asian. And yes, I have coronavirus. But I did not get it from China . I got it in America ’ — Actor Daniel Dae Kim shut down anti-Asian racism related to #coronavirus in this Instagram 
“This resolution puts American lives in danger," said Rep. Judy Chu (D-Calif.), who chairs the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus. “I would like to say to my Democratic colleagues, ‘Please do not sign on to this resolution.’”  …
At at time when Trump is fueling racist "Chinese virus" rhetoric + Asian Americans are being spit on and attacked, some House lawmakers want to pass a resolution blaming China for causing a pandemic + calling on China govt to say COVID-19 started there.  …
The last time an Asian man went so viral across countries, people danced to Gangnam Style.
BURNT ROTI SHORT FICTION STORY COMPETITION International South Asian writers - submit your short stories! Deadline 26 May 2020. Judges: @nikeshshukla @iamemmawallace @peatreebojangle CASH PRIZE & face time with @MerkyBooks editorial team Details:  
asian check (acne skin version ) 
asian parents when their kid hurts themselves 
VOTE FOR TAEHYUNG in Asian Heartthrob and lets make him on the Hall of Fame FACEBOOK GOAL: 100 SHARES  INSTAGRAM GOAL: 50 COMMENTS  "I vote for #KimTaehyung of South Korea in the finals of 
#KallaSohnaNai ke charche...this is real success #BhaluDunga Fake Views Like  Promote But Not Show Worldwide Most Viwes Song List #KallaSohnaNai Day 5 Most Watches Asian Song No 2 Its 22.7M views now...c'mon guys Make 25M 
Asian check 
Torrontés is an ideal wine to match with Asian and Indian cuisine due to its sweet floral aromas of rose petals and flavors of white peach and lemon zest.  
Hot take: the people who are being racist towards Asians were already racist towards Asians before the pandemic. But the people fighting back against this online not in person are fighting against people who are calling out CCP propaganda, and aren't anti-Asian racists.
WTF TWITTER?! You're gonna suspend the legend @RealJamesWoods for saying stuff like Asian people are barbaric, or sharing photos of drugs and sex and wishing civil war on liberal America?! Oh Im sorry TWITTER I thought this was America!!!!! Is this not AMERICA?! #FreeJamesWoods 
Do all African elephants have tusks?elephant's tusks are both a blessing and curse.All African elephants, male& female, have tusks whereas only some Asian males have tusks.About 50% of Asian females have short tusks which have no pulp inside. #Ivorybelongstoelephants(Photo 
Am getting viral whatsapp messages imploring us to ‘Ban Asian shops for 5 days’ from 27th March. Apparently we are all greedy profiteers. Go figure... If only 1% of this energy in a time of crisis was spent helping others, instead of spreading racism.
National Park @Leopard_land in Russia's Far East is a wildlife sanctuary protecting many endangered species. Leopards, tigers, Asian black bears roam these magnificent forests. Hidden cameras provide short glimpses into everyday lives of otherwise reclusive animals 
The first batch of masks, protective suits and face shields donated by @foundation_ma and Alibaba Foundation have landed in Bangkok's Suvarnabhumi Airport. These are part of a larger relief effort to help Asian countries fight against Covid-19. Read more:  
Except for Kerala in India, is there a single South Asian region whose government has laid down a clear plan for establishing and securing food supply chain for extended periods of economic inactivity?
Chinese Netizens Are Mad At Liu Yifei For Calling Herself “Asian” Instead Of “Chinese” At The Mulan Premiere  
I think it's time for @mtvasia to revive the MTV Asia Awards. Lots of Asian artists are creating names in the industry especially in music. Petition to revive the MTV Asia Awards! It's the right time! @SB19Official #SB19_MissionInCebu 
[HQ] 151202 #KAI #엑소카이 @weareoneEXO at Mnet Asian Music Award 2015 cr. BlueJeans 
The fact that the neutral viewers are loving #KallaSohnaNai and it being in the top 2 asian trending song speaks volume about the love #AsiManshi and the song is getting. Tiktok, Instagram is full of it. So kindly keep streaming it on YouTube and keep showing more love
Ghana has received its consignment of Personal Protective Equipment (PPEs) and COVID-19 test kits which were donated by wealthy Asian businessman, Jack Ma. #AMShow 
Letter from “latchdown” London: my first post-FT piece for Nikkei Asian Review  …
@MuradAliShahPPP, CM Sindh received the donations from @EhsanSaya, MD Daraz on behalf of Jack Ma Foundation ( @foundation_ma) & @AlibabaGroup Foundation on 25th March at Jinnah Int. Airport. The shipment is part of the donation of medical supplies to 10 Asian countries 
They monitored 53 weeks of UK TV dramas (BBC1, BBC2, ITV, C4) and found: 1. No recurring roles for east Asians on continuing dramas. 2. Only 15 appearances by east Asian actors out of 491 episodes of continuing drama. 3. Only 8% of leading roles are played by non-white actors
A video of the virtual of the Sir Lenny Henry Centre for Media Diversity will be broadcast soon. It will feature the new report by @publicradionerd for @EquityUK looking at east Asian representation on UK TV. I won't give too much away but three highlights are...
Dear @Twitter @TwitterSupport @TwitterIndia please verify @imrealasim official Twitter account. @imrealasim is #BB13 1st runner up, 24th sexiest Asian men. 4th TV personality of the year 2019 #AsimForTheWin most trending hashtag of world 15M+ tweets record #AsimRiaz #TeamAsim
So far Chinese and other Asian Americans, Italians and Italian Americans&Jewish Americans have all faced hyperbolic bigotry as "disease spreaders." Hey #StephenMiller you really enjoy taking us back to 1910 huh? #coronavirus
Anshul's insta post.  … On 25th March #KallaSohnaNai song Is 2nd most viewed video on you tube in Asian Chart. #AsimRiaz #HimanshiKhurana #AsiManshi @imrealasim 
East Dorset Beekeepers have set up a Facebook Live that we can all watch about preparing for Asian Hornets on 27 March 7pm-9pm. It replaces an Asian Hornet Conference they were going to hold. Just find their page on FB, follow and click on the link to watch! #bees 
#OnThisDay in 2016 @SAfridiOfficial played his last international match for Pakistan, He made us World champion in 2009, Asian champion in 2012 and made us proud in many occasions through his magical bowling and thrilling batting #ThankYouAfridi for all memories. 
I appreciate Ricky boy for not wearing his shoes in an Asian household lol 
Tired of all this "Chinese Virus" bullshit. You know where the virus originated? On EARTH, motherfucker. We're all humans and we're all affected by it, Asian or not. Fucking wash your hands and shut the fuck up. And leave Asian ppl the fuck alone.
#RRR #RRRMovie distribution in #Karnataka by Vaaraahi Chalana Chitram and Asian Films through KRG Studios #RoudramRanamRudhiram #RoudraRanaRudhira #SSRajamouli #KomaramBheemNTR #SeethaRAMaRajuCHARAN Jan 8th, 2021 release
Fact @priyankachopra was the first Asian to ever present an award at the Oscars. #Oscars2016 Also, the most-searched dress in Google’s end-of-the-year lists in the Oscar fashion category. 
Asian shares jump after Dow sees biggest gain since 1933 - Breitbart  @BreitbartNews Thank God For Japan Rise After America's 2100-Pt Rise Yesterday! Make No Mistake It's Because We Have A Winner In Whitehouse PresidentTrump GodBlessUSA KAG2020
Here list of most viewed asian videos and no sign of bhalu dunga I think something is fishy for sure #KallaSohnaNai 
fascinating to see so many people  to the realization that the united states is an empire fundamentally driven by capitalist and racist conquest. if you took, say, an asian american history class, this would’ve been clear from the get go
Asian economies may ride out the coronavirus crisis better than the West, analysts say 
There is a ton of racism and xenophobia against Asians & Asian Americans right now. This is fact. It is also true that Asian Americans have not always been, and are not always, super stand-up about racism against other Americans. That's what we're seeing bubble up right now.
So proud of Tiffany!! It's good to see a celebrity using their SNS platform to speak up about the racism that Asians around the world are currently faced with! Tiffany is an inspiration to many Asian Americans (and Asian youths around the world) 
It seems like a good time to repost the article @uche_blackstock and I wrote 10 years back (also known as January 2020) about triangulation of Asian Americans and Black Americans:  …
fuckin Trump intentionally naming it "Chinese Virus". SHARE THIS. I just saw a new video of an Asian boy attacked walking on the street in LA being called "Corona bitch". @nytimes "Spit on, yelled at, attacked: Asian-Americans fear for their safety"  …
LIVE NOW FULL MATCH REPLAY: POLAND VS IRAN! LIVE LINK:  Asian Champions and World Champions face each other in one of the most exciting matches of the 2017 FIVB World League. 
“If you go through life, at least in the U.S., as an Asian American woman, you  really hyper aware of how people are perceiving you even before they may even say something to you,” the author said. 
If you haven’t seen all the fake news about the coronavirus in family group chats then are you even asian?
I’ve been hearing about FAR too much racism regarding COVID-19 If you’re really out here treating Asian people as if they’re going to give you the virus for being Asian, you can unfollow me. I’m not here for that nonsense, and would rather not be connected to it in any way
Kurt Bardella is a national columnist and  who left the GOP to  a Democrat and is leading the fight against Donald Trump’s overt program of racial discrimination against Asian-Americans during the #coronavirus crisis.  …
Bay Area, is there a way to get Asian grocery food delivered?
really miss when cyberpunk dealt with anti-corporation/government themes and personal identity before  “white man meets android girl and falls in love while living in futuristic Tokyo feat. Asian woman in a qipao w/dyed hair using a katana”
any latina or asian women up
Will #CoronavirusPandemic diminish by summer? A research paper by MIT says Asian countries experiencing monsoon may see a slowdown in transmission as absolute humidity is generally high during the season.  …
Alrighty. It’s time to get into some excellent Asian films. Let’s face it.. America has been biting Asian films for DECADES. So why not get into some greatness?? Here’s a thread on my favorite Asian films that I  checking out: 
Happy to join @AtlanticCouncil as a non-resident senior fellow, and look forward to working with @irfannooruddin, head of South Asia center, on South Asian issues. Our primary affiliations with our respective universities, Brown and Georgetown, will of course remain.
NY attorney general launches hotline for Asian Americans to report discrimination. “No one should live in fear for their life because of who they are, what they look like, or where  from," Letitia James said.  …
Despite Trump's rhetoric that the US would not rely on foreign nations for help, the administration has approached European and Asian partners  …
America needs leadership during the #CoronavirusOutbreak Instead, we're stuck with the Racist-in-Chief. @kurtbardella started fighting Trump's attempts to incite violence against Asian-Americans from day one.  …
The racist rhetoric against Asian Americans. We won’t forget.
Why is Trump trying to incite violence against Asian-Americans while the #CoronavirusOutbreak threatens to break America's healthcare system? MSNBC's @kurtbardella just revealed the REAL reason behind his newest lies. #TheResistance  …
Everyone today after watching the Asian girl shoving a dead fish inside her coochie & a white bitching shoving a pineapple inside her coochie  …
After my Radhe YouTube video, film people asking me about new villain in Radhe. He  & actor from Bhutan,SangayTsheltrim. NDA (Pune)-trained & IMA-Dehradun. Former officer from EliteForces who served King & BhutanRoyalFamily. Former Mr.Bhutan & twice Asian Gold medalist
That’s the thing about “Asian-ness”. Being Asian doesn’t mean you think and act the same way as all other Asian people. Side note, I know 2 Asian Arnold’s. The nickname Kimchee is explained in S4. Coming to April 1st!  …
I remember this. I don't remember any racism hotlines set up though. Oh my bad, that's available only when we're in the middle of a #pandemic that allegedly originated in Wuhan & Asian ppl here in the US r being victimized & bailed out of their businesses.  …
People out here running their mouths about east asian diets like they didn't eat that taco from burger king
My brother is looking for a latina or Asian queen he got two Lamborghini’s and a heart full of faithfulness  …
NY AG announces hotline to report hate crimes and discrimination against Asian-Americans. Trump’s hateful rhetoric referring to COVID19 as the ‘Chinese Virus’ has dangerous consequences to people and his re-election. #wtpEBRC #wtp2020 ⁦  …
asian parents / grandparents everynight be like : 
The now-famed N95 mask owes its function and design to a precursor mask invented by Penang-born Chinese-Malaysian doctor Wu Lien-teh to fight a pneumonic plague outbreak in Manchuria in 1911. Then too he confronted anti-Asian racism.  …
Waiting for Aquarius like  
Conservatives:”OK boomer” is the speech against a vulnerable population Also conservatives: *spats on someone of Asian descent in public because COVID-19 originated in China*
Good. NY Attorney General launches hotline for Asian Americans to report discrimination  … via @nbcnews
US markets see historic rebound as stimulus deal nears Dow up more than 2100 points , up 11% Dow notches biggest one day gain since 1933 US lawmakers closing in on fiscal stimulus bill worth 2 trillion $Asian markets like Japan soar over 5% as investors await US stimulus
#COVID19 #Racism Someone spat on me. Last week. Didn’t tell anyone. Thought must be isolated incident. Then saw front story in NYT about anti-Asian racism. Now #Silence= #Complicity My husband offered to take subway with me tomorrow. No. I believe in a better tomorrow. 
And for my Asian and Asian-American colleagues, coping with all of the above AND an odious dose of racism, I'm sorry. You deserve better. Fear brings out our best, but also our worst. To better times, as we push against such ignorance.
Conclusions actually worth drawing from Asian experience: wear masks, bow, namaste, test-and-trace, improve health surveillance tech Conclusion people are really eager to draw: democracy doesn’t work! Find the One True King!
Full The Sims 4 Asian Adventures Reveal  tomorrow! Get ready! Set your reminder!  
[D-235] #기다릴게_동우야_잘다녀와 5 years ago today at the "9th Asian Film Awards" ㅋㅋㅋ #인피니트 #동우 #장동우 (cr. 
As you wind down at the end of today, we wanted to leave you with something inspirational. Listen to Governor Andrew Cuomo’s message about love for everyone: “Black and white and brown and Asian and short and tall and gay and straight.”  … #AndrewCuomo
I'm never spending money at no Asian spots, hotline that bitch
As the coronavirus upends American life, many Asian-Americans face a double threat. Not only are they grappling like everyone else with how to avoid the virus itself, they are also contending with growing racism in the form of verbal and physical attacks. 
I said this a few weeks ago. I think some people (somehow) still beloved he was not a true sociopath, and couldn’t be ‘that’ cruel. That he wouldn’t go ‘red state blue state.’ White state, Black, Latino, Asian state. He gets a thrill of wielding power. Extinguishing lives.  …
Updated  Southeast Asian countries with positive counts since hitting 100 cases. Most concerning thing is how closely Indonesia is tracking Malaysia and Thailand, both of whom have done **far** more testing. Data source: The excellent Wiki Corona per country pages. 
To say we have no precedent for #covid19 is  true we have a lot to learn off our Asian neighbours (exl Indonesia) with what they are doing and have done. And done & in past outbreaks of other contagions. Testing testing  isolation seems to be key.
Leadership matters. Words matter. The president's rhetoric is ramping up fear and discrimination against Asian-Americans.  …
Asian nations that responded most effectively to this pandemic may be hit hardest by its long-term economic fallout, as the criss hastens decoupling between the U.S. and China and accelerate the decline of globalization. — me, in  …
“I am not a virus!” Grateful to be on @SomedayPodcast (hosted by @vivmabuni) - highlighting the voices & leadership of Asian-American women. In this episode, @HelenLeeBooks, @seanareavis, @judydominick & I discuss anti-Asian sentiment in COVID-19 pandemic:  
in recognition of the growing racist animus towards asian-americans, we have changed the name (effective immediately) to the SARS-CoV-2 sissy ray  …
Specificity -- NY attorney general launches hotline for Asian Americans to report discrimination  …
A lot of radio stations are talking about @LittleMix's new single 'Break Up Song' Looks like @RCALabelGroupUK really doing their job. Looking forward for a worldwide promo. #BreakUpSong FRIDAY 27.03.2020 #LMBreakUpSong 
Vote for Kim Taehyung. Make him get the Hall of Fame in the final round of 100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020  share: "I vote for #KimTaehyung of South Korea in the finals of #100AsianHeartthrobs2020 FACEBOOK:  INSTAGRAM:  
We condemn and denounce the "Asian Virus" rhetoric. We condemn and denounce the racist, anti-Asian attacks on  We condemn and denounce HATE.  …
see you get bitchy girls, then you get asian bitchy girls and they’re the worst
i got posted on subtle asian dating and i want to DIE thank god my twitter wasnt tagged 
Featured in @cinematoday .Thank you Harumi Nakayama san for the interview. :) on the occasion of Asian premiere of @Kontora_2019 at Osaka Asian FIlm Festival 2020 
Report from DC: As friends have suggested, Asian stores have ready supplies of almost everything. Just returned from Korean Korner in Silver Spring, where they had full shelves, many people wore masks, and most practiced good social distancing. Plus plenty of TP and water!
TOMORROW on #LongDistanceRadio: @AngryAsianMan on the rise of anti-Asian racism in the time of coronavirus @DevinCabanilla of @FANHS_Seattle on COVID19 effects on  including @HoodFamousBS my experience with anti-Asian racism  
Whenever I go to asian resuaraunts and the staff jus be yelling at each other Ik the food gone be good
Most South Asian countries locked their borders down last week or even earlier, but the number of confirmed coronavirus cases keep rising, particularly in Pakistan and India. From our South Asia Brief, by FP's @RaviReports:  
The trailer for The Sims 4 Asian Adventures World Mod  out tomorrow! Are you ready to see some live-footage of the world transformation? 
That being said - this should be a reminder to people, especially Asians/Asian Americans, to call out racist BS when you see it before, during, and after this COVID-19 pandemic. Call out the antiblack, anti queer, classist, colorist, etc. behaviors w your fam, friends, & self.
calling out “problematic content” in fandoms? in this pandemic?? there are irl asian  being attacked because right-wing nationalists decided to use a virus as an excuse to be racist why don’t you send some of your anger their way and defend actual asians
It’s important to honor the very real reactions of myself and other Asians & Asian Americans to this racism, but also want to acknowledge that this is the kinda shit Black & Brown folx have been experiencing for ages. Even more so to those of queer &/or trans identities.
A message from the SAAS Executive Council addressing the recent increase in Asian American harassment.  #AAPI #AsianAmerican 
Family Style: An AAPI Food Anthology is now available online!  …Pay what you want, all donations go to a mutual aid fund run by Asian Americans for Housing Justice to support the Los Angeles  affected by COVID-19. (see thread for more info!) 
California, 1974, March Fong Eu gets elected to the Secretary of State office by over 20 percentage points not only  the first woman to ever hold that office in CA but  the first Asian American woman to EVER win a State Constitutional office anywhere in the US. 
An asian boy in brum who did business studies defo thought of this  …
My former co-host on Oxygen and award-winning journalist @mayleeasia was on the show today talking about her new podcast The May Lee Show, and about the horrifying xenophobia Asian folks are experiencing during this #COVID19 pandemic. Here’s the 
When did madonna turn into an 25yr old Asian? Weird Al's 'Like a surgeon' parody is more true than madonna's original, that's very clear now
asian bitches with fat asses >>>>
For those asking: here are @minakimes and me talking to @lebatardshow about the terrifying increase in bigotry against Asian-Americans in the time of the coronavirus 
“If you go through life, at least in the U.S., as an Asian American woman, you  really hyper aware of how people are perceiving you even before they may even say something to you,” Ng told NBC Asian America. 
 around 180 degrees about masks. We were too quick to dismiss East Asian practices in favor of quick take assessments from CDC, etc., with a lot less experience at these diseases and their social implications. Masks maybe don't protect you--but they protect OTHERS.  …
Asian woman in Australia was spitting on fresh produce after testing positive for covid. 
The story of Asian and Asian American women in the acting categories at the Oscars is one of absence. Here's a basic overview. NEW EP 
The rise of racism & violence towards the Asian  must end. Now is the time  together, not place reckless blame &  As a proud member of @CAPAC, I'm joining @RepJudyChu in the fight to stop these racist attacks on the 
We are standing with our colleagues in the Asian  in demanding that the Justice Department deal forthrightly with hate crimes against Asian Americans. This must be a priority for @AGWilliamBarr  …
Regional organizations will be represented by #Vietnam the Chair of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, #SouthAfrica the Chair of the African Union, the #UAE the Chair of the Gulf Cooperation Council and #Rwanda the Chair of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
NY Attorney General launches hotline for Asian Americans to report discrimination amid coronavirus  … via @nbcnews
We’ve joined @OCANational & over 180 organizations in calling on the Justice Department, the FBI, and the White House to publicly recognize and denounce the increasing racist attacks and discrimination against the Asian  linked to 
As a Chinese American & Asian American working to help respond to the critical needs of  in MA during this #COVID19 pandemic, I'm disgusted by @sethmoulton's unproductive & xenophobic dogwhistle. MA needs to do better @maura_healey @AyannaPressley #bospoli #mapoli
Hey everyone, please head on over to @hobartpulp for 5 brand new poems by @chenchenwrites. It's an honor to publish your work, Chen. I love publishing poems as a set, and here's my personal favorite, "Every Poem Is My Most Asian Poem."  
Why wasn't the news & global response like this during N1H1, Zeka, SARS, Ebola, Aids, or dating back aways... Spanish Flu 1918-20, Asian Flu 1957-58, Cholera Outbreak 1961-75, Hong Kong Flu 1968-69, London Flu 1972-73. We never shut down the world, we worked through it together.
s/o to asian girls let da lights dim sum 
Digital resources for South Asian Studies? See Sneha Krishnan's growing list. Adding that the University of Heidelberg has a great collection of digital newspapers and you can search in English:  … and splendid visual materials at   …
Just yesterday the @nytimes ran an article about the rise in hate speech and hate crimes against Asian Americans thanks to Trump's racist rhetoric surrounding the coronavirus' origins:  …
Former Obama admin official @ChrisLu44 is on my @SXMProgress show to discuss the Defense Production Act. Plus we talk the spike in hate directed against Asian-Americans due to Trump's use of "Chinese" virus. LIVE 7:30PMET on @SIRIUSXM channel 
Listen now to Episode 3 of Asian Enough with @viet_t_nguyen. We talk about SO MUCH. Inherited trauma and otherness. Americanness and going back. The Parasite/Crazy Rich Asians effect and writing as if you are the majority — i.e. why should he have to explain what pho is?  …
We were told in 1997 that Avian Influenza (HPAI Asian H5N1) would  a global pandemic and kill us all. It emerged again in 2003 and 2009. Globally, 916 cases have been confirmed.
Daily reminder that most influential adults cannot pass elementary school math. Difference in math literacy is why East Asian countries are handling the pandemic far better than Western countries.  
I feel like every Asian family has that one vegetable they associate with wartime scarcity. My Poh Poh wouldn't eat kangkung (water spinach) because it was the one thing she could get easily in wartime Kedah. Whereas I love kangkung belacan.  …
Racist rhetoric targeting Asian Americans is abhorrent. Discrimination and violence are crimes. To file a  call 3-1-1. In an emergency, call 9-1-1.  …
Let’s call it COVID-19 or Coronavirus, that’s it. Recent discrimination against Asian-Americans is xenophobic and shameful. Let’s find strength in our humanity and kindness during this difficult time. We are all in this together.
"New York loves all of you. Black and white and brown and Asian and short and tall and gay and straight...And at the end of the day my friends...love wins always and it will win again beyond this virus!" - Andrew Cuomo 
What  hypocrite and racist denier into the bargain. Does he never look at the many many times images of grooming gangs have been published? 90%, if not more, ALWAYS show Asian(Muslim) men in them. @NazShahBfd I thinks its time YOU educated your electorate in  …
Thank you ⁦ @NewYorkStateAG⁩ for being proactive  the rise in racism against Asian Americans.  …
ASIAN BL SERIES YOU SHOULD WATCH ~ A Thread ~
Kecap manis, a sweet soy sauce, is just one of the ingredients that distinguishes Indonesian fried rice from its other Asian counterparts.  …
Well this is a first. Went to my usual Asian supermarket and customers were required to wear a mask and gloves. We lined up outside a few feet apart and they provided the protective gear at the door if you didn't have it like me. The cashiers also had on Tyvek suits  – at Jmart 新世界超市
i promise that you don’t have  anti-Asian behavior with anti-Blackness — especially since  already portray anti-Black caricatures on a daily basis. let me know if you need any clarification.
Attention Journalists in Bangladesh, India and Pakistan: CPJ Safety Advisory on the #coronavirus outbreak are now available in 9 South Asian languages বাংলা:  … हिंदी:  … اردو میں:  … #COVID19 (1/n)
If you’re having trouble finding food you need to the next few weeks don’t forget to try your local Asian market!!!! I went to one of mine today and the shelves are FAR from empty. People are overlooking/avoiding them during the crisis but they have EVERYTHING you could want! 
This is a time for unity & for all of us to work together as one. Fear is not an excuse for racism — not now, not ever. Any discrimination against Asian Americans is unacceptable and must be condemned in the strongest possible terms.  …
Remember the Mormon families  disregarded the quarantine/social distancing directives to  home their quarantined missionaries returning from Asian missions?Check out this sign. CORONA AIN'T GOT NOTHIN' ON US! Brazen stupidity & irresponsibility... 
Hey @BiatchPack any  on LA-based Asian female indie filmmakers I can connect with for an interview for a major news story?
When I talk about racism against AsAm’s people’s attitude is “Not you too!” Anti-Asian racism is not even acknowledged as a thing. Asian slurs are pretty well received at  shows. It’s so exhausting to fight it every time it happens.  …
FDR ruled like a dictator through executive order: putting Asian Americans into concentration camps, seizing gold from the American people, and instituting heavy-handed economic policies that prolonged the Great Depression. To say #BernieIsOurFDR is not 
Oh.... #StephenMiller So when this is all over we want you to self deport. This current anti Chinese/Asian and now anti Italian bigotry... This retro era turn of the century racism...is not what we need. Just pack your bags man and go. America is just not right for you.
I REALLY JUST SAW A VIDEO ABOUT THIS ASIAN BITCH SHOVING FISH INSIDE HER COOCHIE & MOANING WHILE WEARING A MEDICAL MASK NO WONDER NIGGAS ALWAYS SAY, EATING A ASIAN GIRL IS LIKE EATING SUSHI SINCE ITS ALWAYS FISHY
A Second Wave Of The Coronavirus Outbreak Could Hit Asian Countries In A Matter Of Weeks Due To Citizens Returning To Their Homeland From Abroad  
This is a scary time, but it makes it even more important  together as  Recent discrimination against Asian-Americans is despicable. Fear is never an excuse for racism.
#BernieIsOurFDR. Looking forward to the moment he imprisons Asian Americans in concentration camps without due process, excludes African Americans from the Green New Deal, turning away refugees at the shore, and concealing his frail health in a time of war.
 Hope you/we are assessing how to use this moment as a means to self-educate on cross-racial solidarity, including on dismantling our racisms and anti-Blackness. Because we gotta all pull for each other no matter what, not just when the zeitgeist is against us  …
Asian mums favourite line is when I die then you’ll realise
"New York loves all of you. Black, white, brown, Asian, short, tall, gay, straight . . It always has, it always will. And at the end of the day, my friends, even if it is a long day, and this is a long day, love wins. Always. And it will win again through this virus. @NYGovCuomo
Trump’s tweet about Asian Americans and coronavirus failed to acknowledge his own xenophobia  …
why do white passing mixed asian kids act like they’re so oppressed n also make being mixed their entire personality JSJSJSJD
me @my white professor with an anime obsession and a PhD in asian studies 
This is heartbreaking. We need to be supporting each other during this crisis, not using racism & xenophobia to divide us. Chien, know Colorado stands with you & all of our Asian-American neighbors.  …
So...this attempt to encourage Asian Americans to report racist  in various languages, but disregards Filipinos & Indians - the 2nd & 3rd largest Asian groups in the US & who  almost 50% of the Asian American pop. #BrownAsiansExist 
I have this shirt, and every time I wear it at least one fellow Asian (often a stranger) says YEAH IT IS! Order for socially distanced bonding with   …
Last night President @realDonaldTrump speech notes looked a little different. Chinese was crossed out by hand and an extra paragraph about protecting Asian Americans was taped in. #trumpnotes #trump  – at The White House
Duplicity or Dementia? Faustian choice... Trump calls on U.S. to 'protect our Asian  hours after referring to 'Chinese virus'  … via @nbcnews
#BernieIsOurFDR So does that mean that Black people will be purposefully left out of social programs and he's going to throw Asian-Americans in internment camps. Or can we finally stop pretending that FDR was jesus. ffs
This is just so wrong. It’s lazy scapegoating, hateful fear mongering, & just flat out dangerous. Asian Americans have been victims of hate crimes that have been incited by ignorance like this. This is a global crisis & we’re all in this together. We’re better than this!  …
Myth: 'Asians & Chinese will replace Muslims as the new geopolitical enemy.' Reality: Asians have been demonized in the US for centuries Asian nations among the most populous Muslim countries (eg, Indonesia) 'Asian Muslim' is a  than 'Arab Muslim'
The clientele of these stores was overwhelmingly Asian before the virus. Which means that if they are empty now it’s because Asians already hoarded and are avoiding them. 
Who HAS been keeping America open: it is always about race, class & gender: Among the US workforce, just 16.2% of Hispanic workers and 19.7% of Black Americans are able to work from home, while about 30% of whites and 37% of Asian-Americans can.  …
There were once 100,000 tigers across the Asian continent. Today, fewer than 4,000 are left in the wild. Join Discovery’s #ProjectCAT to help double the number of tigers in the wild by 2022:  
"It is very important that we totally protect our Asian  in the United States, and all around the world. They are amazing people, and the spreading of the Virus is NOT their fault in any way, shape, or form." ~ Donald Trump, FINALLY saying the right thing
Thank you @DinoRay @DEADLINE for always looking out not only for me, but for all Asian-Americans in Hollywood. (And  my movies to Richard Linklater's WOAH.)  …
China inflicted on the world #Asian Bird Flu in 1996, #SARS in 2002 and now #Coronavirus in 2019. It must be held accountable at the #UN Security Council for all the havoc it has caused. #USA should take the lead.
Asian American martial artists need to do a video about "kung flu"--maybe one in which they beat up racists? How about it, @TheLewisTan? Would the cast of Wu Assassins be up for  …
In the USA, it is always about race, class and gender: Among the US workforce, just 16.2% of Hispanic workers and 19.7% of Black Americans are able to work from home, while about 30% of whites and 37% of Asian-Americans can. h/t @SonofBaldwin  …
Naw they def don’t worship us.. a lot of Asian countries racist af they just love our culture.
Been dealing with a rise in racism towards those who appear of East Asian descent. We need to normalize Asian narratives. Boosting authors of Asian descent via @88cupsoftea platform. Tag those authors whose books released during this time&events/tours were cancelled. Let’s go
I just guy beat up by a gang of kids for sneezing. I’m Asian and have seasonal allergies but they wouldn’t listen to me. I’m so terrified I thought America was better than this 
Look at what Madon looked like before it was turned Asian . 
asian americans address anti-blackness within the  challenge
SARS or the new COVID19,resembles the old SARS virus of 2003 that was used as weapon against South East Asian economy; 2001 Anthrox attack was another bioterrorism one week after 9/11. There is always a probability of ethnic and biological warfare.2/5  …
The rise of anti-Asian racism during this time of crisis — fueled by reckless political rhetorics — is dangerous, immoral & unacceptable. We join our partners in remaining #UnitedAgainstHate & demanding that our nation's leaders  …
It’s a difficult time to be Chinese-American--to *look* As-Am--in the US right now, easier to be angry than to feel hopeful. This book, unapologetically Asian & angry & quietly hopeful, has been something I’ve turned to a lot in the last two weeks. It’s out today. 
Chinese restaurant hangs a huge banner to CELEBRATE the coronavirus epidemic in the US and Japan 'Huge congratulations to the American epidemic, Long live the epidemic in little Japan' I gave up Asian food years ago learned to make it myself Amazing how cheap/better it is~ 
If we survive covid-19 all white people are banned from asian restaurants for a year
I had a blast on the Asian Enough podcast with @jenyamato and @frankshyong. It all seems so innocent now. If this had happened today, we would have been really angry Asians versus bemused  …
Calling all Filipino / SE Asian media/news outlets. Need your help with something that might help put a smile on lots of peoples faces at this strange time. DM me! Thanks. B x #Philippines #Singapore #Indonesia #Malaysia #Thailand
PLEASE NOTE: That while many of y'all talk about a #CoronavirusLockdown, just 16.2% of Latinx workers and 19.7% of Black Americans are able to work from home, while about 30% of whites & 37% of Asian-Americans can. This issue is impacting us differently, across race.
It doesn’t get much cuter than Bubbles our 11-year-old Asian small-clawed otter enjoying a delicious fishsicle. 
current moots rt this hey, technically new to nsfw twt .. - she/her - 15 - queer - switch (dom++) - softie - asian rt for mutual and like for dm 
What is a patriot to me not white not black nor Spanish or Asian just red white and blue shows love for her or his country it’s what’s in the heart that makes the patriot if we do not have acceptance then we are no better than the left who hates this country God bless America 
Slots Turning Day starts now! 24 hours to play any Slots and share success (use "Share" in Account Tab/Game history/Slots) players will share 1500TRX + 15 000BTT equally Can't decide which slot to play? Try 88 lucky fortunes Let all Asian lucky symbols help you 
Hi if you are not Asian and you see someone harassing an Asian person, please can you from a safe distance yell at them to go fuck themselves. Thank you for your service  …
writers: now is the time to write your king lear haha me: ....i did the homework wrong.... me: pulls out gay, half-asian robin hood manuscript me: hear me out tho me: the sheriff is his ex
Lady Liberty speaking herself, @NYGovCuomo unites all of us to save lives: #NewYork loves you. NY loves all of you, black & white & brown & asian & short & tall & gay & straight; NY loves all of you. It always has and always will...love wins, always. We are #NewYorkTough 
This election cycle, our @dccc organizers are connecting with Asian American & Pacific Islander voters in a brand-new way. The  will be a crucial voting bloc in November and play a huge role in our mission to fortify & expand our Majority.  …
"So is it going to be lockdown until we starve, or dance in viral hell hoping the economy survives?" "How about wearing face masks." "What!? And look like an Asian nerd?"
“Black and white and brown and Asian and short and tall and gay and straight—New York loves everyone, that’s why I love New York” says Governor Cuomo.
President Trump: “It’s very important that we totally protect our Asian  in the United States and all around the world." 
And it is driving me up the fucking wall seeing Asian-Americans STILL say "we need more positive representation so this doesn't happen again" fuck you. Our people have been dying and continue to. The whites will never see us as equals. Time to move on.
Not  about the representasians again but now that Asian-Americans are also being the object of hatred for racist whites around the country more so than usual why the fuck did u think that media representation was a necessary step in Asians fighting oppressors
Folks, all back issues of @FemMediaHist are now available without a subscription. Fantastic issues on Activism, Archives, Asian Media, Celebrity, Comedy, Data, Found Footage, Games, Middle Eastern Media, New Materialism, Useful Media & more. Thank you  …
In need of #QuarantineActivities? We suggest reading the heart wrenching, funny and always thought-provoking work of @viet_t_nguyen. Then listen to the Pulitzer Prize winner on the latest episode of Asian Enough. @jenyamato  …
President Trump defended Asian-Americans in lieu of reports of discrimination, stating that the coronavirus crisis is "NOT their fault in any way, shape, or form."  …
first asian woman to star in a hero film fashion and talent icon stan gemma chan for clear skin 
OTOH if Canada *does* make it so our universities and colleges can open in September, and the criminally omnishambular public health responses in UK and US keep them in the red zone until XMAS, our institutions are going to have the mother of all Asian student dollar bonanzas
I noticed that most of the tweets I tweeted during those times are around 3 AM KST. They were attacking and flooding fancafe around that time where most Asian were sleeping 
NY has adopted the Asian approach. Using antibodies to save the infected Tested people for antibodies to see if they had already been infected. Aggressive social distancing to flatten their curve. Every state should be watching what Cuomo is doing. Pandemics cross state lines.
Anti-Asian racism is so tired and hacky. Yeah, I know it's also just morally wrong, and hurts people, but it's also so aggressively boring. Jesus, find a less shitty way to work out your unresolved childhood trauma and lack of success. You know, like the majority of us do.
Really praise the Asian Americans and then infer they are spreading the virus. So you have no morals to call out one group of Americans? You are but an Asshole!  …
Tokyo last held Olympics in 1964 when it became the first Asian city to hold the event 
Find me on Facebook.. I'm struggling tho. I havent been working at my day job for weeks but even before then was avoided because i was asian.  
38 followers left and @QueenYakos_sub will send 400.- for my 400 followers. let the magic of ours do its job and make him pay :) ~ FinD asianfindom paypig asian goddess findom moneyslave walletdrain ~ 
I’ve been forced to think about my embodiment as an Asian-American in these times. In my essay, “Orientalism in the Age of COVID-19” @LAReviewofBooks, I analyze today's newly activated Yellow Peril hate speech through longer histories of 
one good thing about being Asian is that my food section is always fully stocked at Whole Foods (because apparently white ppl are eating nothing but frozen food & toilet paper)
To the Black and South Asian people joining in and calling Coronavirus the ‘Chinese’ disease and talking about what ‘they’ eat need to have a word with yourselves. Even if you get the ‘Model Minority’ status you’re seeking it can be snatched back real quick as we’re seeing.
For Gen Y, we were still kids during 1997 Asian financial crisis. We were either in or just got out of high school during 2007-08 global financial crisis. This coronavirus emergency is our generation's first financial crisis that we have to face as adults.
FUN FACT: The FAILED Obama admin was advised by experts they needed to order 100 million masks to replace the ones used during the Asian flu epidemic! Did anyone hear about this in the MSM? Did anyone hear them ask VP Biden why he & Obama ignored the experts? Yeah, me neither.
President Donald Trump tells reporters he hopes to reopen the U.S. economy soon and that Asian-Americans are not to blame for the coronavirus outbreak that has shut down the country  
“Among the American workforce, just 16.2% of Hispanic workers and 19.7% of black Americans are able to work from home, while about 30% of whites and 37% of Asian-Americans can.”  …
Just b/c something isn't a problem for you, that doesn't mean it's not a problem. "If one part of the body suffers, all suffer together." (1 Cor. 12:26) That means we can't ignore the racism too many of our Asian brothers, sisters, & neighbors suffer in these pandemic days. [1/]
That asian was also dressed in urban wear using urban slang. I mean there are too many fouls at play here to be technical.
Asian people finding out that they aren’t as accepted as they thought they were has been a very interesting read on this app as of late...
not to be racist or anything BUT ASIAN PEOPLE
This Asian woman is always addressing me as girl. I don’t know her so I told her to stop calling me that. She says then should I call you “Bitch”? Then blocks me. This is what I mean
Need immigrants ...Priti Patel and Sajeed Javed were going around to mobilise the brexit vote amongst  saying less EU workers meant there would be a lot more visas and passports for your family members on sub continent. This isn't new  …
Also, if y’all don’t care about anti-Asianness happening to Asian people, nobody’s forcing y’all to care. Why do y’all need to announce these things? It’s so weird.
Racism and xenophobia against our Asian American brothers and sisters is on the rise, and there is a surge of verbal and physical assaults. That is unacceptable and all of us must step up to stop it.  …
Trump says he doesn't like the "nasty language" used against Asian-Americans around coronavirus, even though he spent a week calling it the "Chinese virus." 
When Black Americans were over here getting murdered, robbed and left in abject poverty, NO ONE SAVED US. So Asian-Americans can pick themselves up by their bootstraps, like we were told we had to. 
I grew up in South Central Los Angeles and I'll never forget the day the asian store owner shot 15 year old Latasha Harlins and littlerly got away with murder!!  
Someone in Trump’s world must have persuaded him to stop renaming coronavirus in a way that puts anyone preceived to be Chinese American in danger. Elections  There are 21 million Asian Americans  …
"ThIs AsIAn GiRL iS aLoNe AnD wAnT yOu To AcCoMpAnY hER"
I love us foreal. But y’all say how disrespectful it is for non Black women to use the n word, wear box braids & force a stereotypical Blaccent. But have nothing to say about influencers saying Ling Ling, dressing in clothes inspired by Asian culture & calling Asian people ch*nks
100 Asian Heartthrobs 2020 Final Battle – V and Jungkook are Neck-and-Neck in 3rd Update 
I told you she got that “Crazy Rich Asian” vibe 
AIFF condoles the death of Abdul Latif who passed away in Guwahati, Assam following a heart ailment. Midfielder Latif was part of India’s 1970 bronze medal-winning Bangkok Asian Games squad: All India Football Federation
Ah, I see it's time once again for the world to be racist and shitty toward people of Asian descent. Shout-out to my Asian brothers and sisters in this time of crisis. I can only imagine how hard this must be. Please know we aren't all horrible. Stay safe.
Anti-Blackness is very real. The same way anti-Asianness is real. Non Black people cannot tell Black people what is & isn’t anti-Black. The same way non Asian people cannot tell Asian people what is & isn’t anti-Asian. We all need to stay in our lanes & listen to each other.
It's interesting how these white girl accounts will be like "UMM NO, LESBIANS CANT BE ATTRACTED TO NBS OR MEN NOT EVEN A BIT... brb let me go back to thirst tweeting & sexualizing Asian men on my whole account dedicated to the subject tho cause they don't count as men ahaha"
Using stereotypical names to refer to Black women as Sheneneh, Bonquiqui, etc is a form of anti-Blackness aka racism. Using stereotypical names to refer to Asian women as Ling Ling, Ming Ling, etc is a form of anti-Asianness aka racism.
President Trump called for the protection of the Asian  saying "there could be a little bit of nasty language towards the Asian Americans in our country." The president previously referred to COVID-19 as "the Chinese virus." 
Join me, @prof_erikalee and @RebeccaLuzLuz for a webinar on ‘Countering xenophobia & anti-Asian discrimination’ on April 10th at 10:30am 
innocent asian people, especially east asians, faced/ are still facing discrimination and even assault, both verbally and physically, because of a mass threatening disease. so yes, that tweet is indeed very racist and xenophobic.
You NEVER hear Asians being the purveyors of racial unity when they're assaulting Afrikans in Amerikkka (or abroad). Not a single Asian has ever spoken out against these salon attacks. Not a single Asian has ever spoken out against the senseless murder of Latasha Harlins..  
. @TellyLeung, @AnnHarada, and more have joined the fight to end Asian and Asian-American discrimination amid the Covid-19 outbreak, with the #RacismIsAVirus  …
The church I pastor is filled with Asian people. I would like to take a moment to say how much I love & honor & bless Asain people & denounce any & all racism towards them. Couldn’t even begin to list out the ways my life is better & richer because of my Asian brothers & sisters.
FCK YOU I’ve had 4 idiots out of 13.8K followers and NO ONE harass me IRL for being Asian, and I am as “yellow” as you media idiots are stupid.  …
Long before Covid-19, New Yorkers convinced themselves that living surrounded by filth is a necessary consequence of density because Americans refuse to try to learn anything from high  Asian countries.
Let's multitask and make Taehyung in Hall of Fame for Asian Heartthrob TAG YOUR MUTUALS TO VOTE SHARE ON FACEBOOK:  COMMENT ON INSTAGRAM:  "I vote for #KimTaehyung of South Korea in the finals of #100AsianHeartthrobs2020"  
Asian countries are extremely cultured. I do not understand why they have to do this. WHY???
Day 1 of lockdown and i have allready seen a group of asian women with their children going to their relatives house
AHHH—I just looked at Goodreads, and SHE WHO BECAME THE SUN has passed 1000 adds! As thanks, what about I give away 2 copies of razor-edged Asian fantasy novella THE EMPRESS OF SALT AND FORTUNE (paper/ebook)? Follow  within 24 hours! 
For some people it’s their 17th day of quarantine, for some it’s their 5th, but for asian girls, it’s just another day
some small nuggets of good news to keep us all going #coronavirus Wuhan  out of lockdown Asian countries are flattening the curve Community spirit rediscovered No one can drink at Wetherspoons Stanley Johnson isn’t on TV I haven’t seen Grant Schapps for days
Let us do #GreatAmericanTakeoutDay right here in the ATL! Gimme your favorite spot for each of these cuisines: - BBQ - Southern - Italian - Asian - Mexican #StrongerTogetherATL #Stronger2gether
Break Up Song streaming party! Friday March 27 @LittleMix #BreakUpSong #LMBreakUpSong #LM6 
some people seemed a lot happier about social distancing back when it only involved avoiding any random Asian they saw in public
Asian stocks bask in best day in 11 years on Tuesday.  
ATTENTION BLINKS Let's support Asian Represent X @agnezmo x @ygofficialblink They fandom always help us to vote on Twitter + Web .. show our sense of togetherness #Agnation #BestFanArmy 
Nice chat with Atleti directors this morning; Anfield sounded like a mad experience behind the scenes. Advised them to sign an Asian player in the next 12 months to expand their brand in an attempt to reverse the decline. Let's see who they  up with...
Ugandans need to understand that we have had so many Asian Community people living and working here. Please stop threatening these people because they too equally want to avoid the Virus and survive. The other day I saw people pointing at some who were buying things.
We are a nation that adores Kabaddi and even more so after qualifying for the World Cup The Kabaddi team qualified for the World Cup after solid performances at the South Asian Games The team gave Pakistan immense joy, are they your team of the year? #PSA20 
Come watch a Snippet of my interview I did for bbc sounds!! About Asian stuff :)  …
 onto this app just to CAP everyday, as if he didn’t put Asian Americans at risk for calling it the “Chinese virus” and now all of a sudden he wants to express his concern for us  …
How does it feel  out as a drag queen if you're from an Asian family? @IsSumTingWong joins @misszing on the latest United Zingdom podcast  
A friend who works at a university in the north of England told me that their Chinese and East Asian students are subject to constant racial harrassment. It is not acceptable. Those inciting it should be called to account.
Shocking video released (& later deleted) on Instagram earlier this month shows a group of black youths pummeling an East Asian couple on the ground of a Philadelphia subway platform. Police say they are aware of the video & are seeking witnesses.  …
Using an Asian face to endorse anti-Asian racism is the best thing right wing fascists can pull now. I'm optimistic the US empire is going down to the drain.  …
They can send menacing videos of Asian child slaves dancing
BREAKING: All Southeast Asian countries have now reported cases of #COVID19 as Laos reported their first two cases this afternoon. More:  
why are people telling me to shut up about that mural artist provoking east asian racism because it's giving him "attention"? i should sit back while seeing east asians getting demonized in pandemic, they're already tired
