Chinese Astrology is going mainstream. Encyclopedia Britannica now mentions people born in Rat years in 2020 the year of the Rat. “Are you a Rat?” We are in the age of Aquarius 100% which is all about esoteric knowledge. 
Chinese medical workers at the forefront of the fight against the #coronavirus epidemic are now  its victims -- 1,716 have contracted the virus, including 1,502 in Wuhan. Six are  …
Something to ponder. In Dec 2019 Chinese people were on the street waiving American flags. Feb 2020, streets are empty & all the protesters are dying.
I’m old enough to note roughly every 7-10 years there’s some virus scare that media pins on E Asian (specifically Chinese) people. Let’s see, I remember Bird Flu, SARS, Swine Flu and now Coronavirus. It just seems weirdly set up to coincide with rising hostility against China...
Chinese Spying is Rampant in the USA. FBI is working on 1000 cases of espionage.  …
“The NBA incident is but one of many similar stories of…being threatened into silence or self-censorship.” A new bill has been introduced aimed at safeguarding US workers’ right to #FreeSpeech against foreign gov'ts—in particular the #Chinese regime.  …
The coronavirus shows the Chinese government prioritizing self-preservation and the censoring of information that is perceived as embarrassing--such as this doctor's early warning of the outbreak--even at the expense of the Chinese people's public health. 
Isn’t it funny how quickly Morrison jumps to act to protect Australians’ health in the face of the corona  to Aus’ Climate Change fires?I guess it easier to victimise the Chinese rather than the fossil fuel and  #insiders #auspol
Had bigger scenes in my house when my mum gets the Chinese takeaway menu out  …
‘This may be the last piece I write’: Chinese professor Xu Zhangrun, who published a rare public critique of President Xi over China’s coronavirus crisis, has been barred from social media, and friends have not been able to contact him for several days:  …
If President Rodrigo Duterte can assert national sovereignty against the US, Sison said, “he should also be able to assert the same against Chinese imperialism.”  …
U.S. officials worried about Chinese control of American drug supply. it’s about time  …
The Chinese government are blockading people inside entire apartment blocks, without any access to food, to enforce #Coronavirus 
Coronavirus bombshell: ‘REAL cause’ of outbreak claim - Chinese scientists break cover.. Coronavirus spread from a science laboratory in Wuhan and not a ‘wet market', a group of Chinese scientists have sensationally claimed.  …
Chinese colonization in SE Asian countries is also a thing. When I visited Laos, many Hmong and other indigenous villages were bulldozed over for Chinese railway and rubber plant construction:  …
. @RepJimBanks calls for the firing of California's state pension fund’s CIO after learning that some of their money had been invested in blacklisted  that make military equipment #NextRevFNC  …
This document, if authentic, appears to be a significant indication that the Chinese government — and military — were well aware of the risks before the outbreak was officially acknowledged (or an adequate response implemented), which is troubling.  …
| Manchester City remain steadfast in their belief that they will win their appeal to the CAS. The club's Abu Dhabi owners – and their Chinese and American partners – are also refusing to rule out the prospect of taking their case to the civil courts. [ 
In my intro to Chinese politics class, I do a simulation of crisis management by the CCP. Students plays roles - General Secretary, Local Leader, Head of Affected Bureau, Propaganda Dept, Head of Social Media Company, Lawyer/Activist, Affected Citizen. 
Fear is our enemy. Yes you can (and should) visit Chinatown, patronize Chinese owned restaurants & stores and everything else you would normally do.  …
Em sure"Kind nd Open Chinese" is like "Water on Sun". Every Chinese get dogs/cats to eat since their childhood. Hence, no Chinese deserves our sympathy coz they did alot cruelty. I can never forgive any Chinese. Dey deserve only haterate f the. Jst 
More Chins than the Chinese phonebook
"This may be the last piece I write" Xu Zhangrun Chinese Prof. after Criticizing President Xi  …
In an interview at the Chinese Embassy, Ambassador Cui Tiankai, says China is working hard to fight the coronavirus and is accepting help from foreign experts. #coronavirus @AmbCuiTiankai  
"We hope the U.S. as a superpower would not lose too much self-confidence or reason," Chinese FM Wang Yi says, dismissing U.S. accusations against China as "lies"  
The 1st death from the #Coronavirus in #Europe—and the 3rd outside of #China—was reported in #France on Saturday. The patient was an 80-year-old Chinese tourist from #Hubei province, the epicenter of the new  …
People, apparently it's rather 900 Excavators (and not 500) and other mining equipment that were seized during the Galamsey fight and over 139 Chinese were deported for engaging in it. See para 801 on page 148 of the 2020 Budget. 
Chinese soldiers on the Burma front during World War Two #China #Japan 
So US gov't & hospitals rely almost entirely on China's gov't for US medicine, drugs & antibiotics. Chinese medicines often fail quality tests & China's strategic dumping policies prevent the US from building a drug-manufacturing workforce & industry. 
maybe not an earth shaker of a Sobriety Unlock, but just picked up from my favorite Chinese takeout which I've been avoiding for months because it's next door to a bar I would regularly get positively incoherently smashed at
CORONAVIRUS spread from a science laboratory in Wuhan and not a ‘wet market', a group of Chinese scientists have sensationally claimed.  …
Getting some Chinese food after a hard day of canvassing! It was fun! We converted one lady who was a Biden supporter by talking to her about why Bernie is more electable. This is fun, social and great! If you can make the journey, we need you! 
On top of that the Chinese media/info is filtered. Then our Canadian media/info gets filtered. Then we absorb it. I like many others assume the real numbers to be significantly higher. The videos & images we do see from China aren’t looking very good.
so i’m sittin here, waiting for my chinese take out,,,,, thinkin bout getting violently throat fucked by hj....... 
Literally my favorite Chinese food in the state  …
Just like the election of @realDonaldTrump revealed the degeneracy of the Democratic Party to the whole nation, the #COVID2019 is revealing the tyranny of the Chinese Communist Party to the whole world. The #HongKongProtest will soon spread faster in than the #coronavirus
And um, last thing I will add is that as a Hmong person, we were literally an indigenous group from China that the Chinese persecuted and that's why we ended up in SE Asia.
(See thread). I'm a Vietnamese person who lived in Norway for several years before moving to the UK, but I love British, Russian, and American literature, listen to jazz, and the Asian films I watch are mainly Japanese and South Korean, sometimes Chinese. Should I feel bad?  …
China is sparing no effort to curb the spread of the novel #coronavirus, a challenge to both China and the  by adhering to openness and transparency, Chinese Ambassador to the United States Cui Tiankai said 
The contrast between heroic doctors & bumbling political leaders could not be more stark. “The coronavirus epidemic has revealed the rotten core of Chinese governance,” Xu Zhangrun, wrote this month in an online essay that was immediately banned.  …
"Laws control the lesser man. Right conduct controls the greater one." ~ Chinese Proverb
What are you having for dinner tonight? How about Chinese! It’s 100% safe because there are ZERO confirmed cases of coronavirus in New York City. Our businesses want your business, so make a reservation now.  …
How much Chinese money did Bloomberg pay Donaldson for this vote of confidence?
It’s been said that a man can be judged by  he keeps. Sean Hannity. Stephen Miller. Jeffrey Epstein. Jared Kushner. Lindsey Graham. The Chinese hand job lady. Rudy Giuliani. Russian oligarchs. Kanye. Verdict: Donald Trump is an insufferable asshole. #FuckTrump
Chinese woman explaining exactly what we call the Deep State here in the USA. CCP and Deep State as well as Media Lies all systemic to socialism and the defeat of our freedom of speech. Never let them take out guns away. I hope her anger resonates. This is a big risk for her.  …
#BREAKING: Chinese doctors say a patient who has recovered from the #coronavirus and gets it again is more likely to die. Re-catching the virus would increase the risk of a heart attack. #WHO?? #COVID19 #WuhanCoronavius 
If Chinese can build in 5 years, surely we have the ability to match, if not what is wrong with our construction industry?  …
2/15 #CCP #MikePompeo: “Chinese Communist Party presents enormous risk to the center idea, not the place of the west, but the idea of the west. Our idea is about protecting our people...” 70 years ago Chinese were attracted to Socialism idea and paid huge price and lives! 
Gifting her these funny funny Chinese TVs so she knows nothing lasts forever>>  …
Chinese sundial  on rectangular wooden base, with painted Chinese characters, 1880-1910 @sciencemuseum  
What is this condescending nonsense? "The ultimate social contract?" Meaning, rule by fear, deception, censorship, arbitrary detention? Chinese people don't "feel protected," despite rampant censorship and the risks of speaking up, they are voicing their anger en masse.  …
My friend paid over $100 for the  test, only to find out she was 98% Polynesian hahahahahhahahahahaha oh no shit Sherlock, we knew that. No more German, Dutch, Chinese for you
Chinese #mushrooms #dumplings with sweet #chili #ginger #sesamesauce! Better than Takeout, a fun and healthy dinner! #food #recipes #healthyfood #easyrecipes #asianfood  
Vatican inching closer to cutting ties w/Taiwan - where 23 million people enjoy religious freedom - in order to establish relations with China, where the Chinese Communist Party relentlessly persecutes Christians, Muslims, Jews and Falun Gong.  …
TBL Finals starts Tomorrow y’all Who’ll win the Series? Don’t miss out on the entertaining Clash between Spintex Knights Basketball and Nungua Coldstore Basketball. It’s gonna be all Business Tomorrow at 5:00 PM at Tema Chinese Court Community 4. #ColdstoreIn3 
“We also choose this site in solidarity with and recognition of displaced &  We want to recognize the shared history of violence experienced by Indigenous people, and Punjabi and  in so-called BC." Natalie Knight, Yurok and Navajo organizer  …
Watch this film called "White Snake" if you are looking for top tier quality cg feets. A Chinese animated production mixing wuxia and fantasy elements with gorgeous visuals. 
Greentea @1RealJoeyB ft @AmgMedikal Chinese song of the year
Chinese leader reportedly aware of coronavirus earlier than thought  … via @nypost
Railway: 鐵路 (traditional Chinese) includes the radical for gold (金) as in 金山 as in Gold Mountain as in the false settler colonial dream
Chinese tourist in France is Europe's first coronavirus death  …
It's disgraceful that the  have faced increased racism and over 50% business losses since the coronavirus outbreak. We stand in solidarity with the 
Many of the #Coronavirus  out of #China are from citizens such as #ChenQiushi & #FangBin. Now, both are missing and presumably held by Chinese police. As always, #CCP’s top priority is silencing criticism. It’s the #Communist Way.  …
France reports first death from coronavirus outside of Asia after Chinese tourist dies in Paris 
Sanders has also quietly done some outreach on Capitol Hill. @RoKhanna has been an unofficial emissary to more traditional Dems. Sanders hosted dinners at a Chinese restaurant on the hill last year designed to introduce members to his campaign:  …
“The case of Li Wenliang is a tragic reminder of how the Chinese authorities’ preoccupation with maintaining ‘stability’ drives it to suppress vital information about matters of public interest,” says  …
Chinese activities are a legitimate concern but it’s difficult to talk about an international rules-based order when the US is all “America First” and tore up the Iran deal.  …
Chief Rabbi of Tzfat, Rabbi Shmuel Eliyahu, calls in Jews to pray for the Chinese people and to ask of God for healing from the #Coronavius + he is organizing a large prayer rally tomorrow at the Western 
"The Chinese professor Xu Zhangrun, who published a rare public critique of President Xi Jinping over China’s coronavirus crisis, has now been barred from social media, and his friends have not been able to contact him for several days"  …
OH WAIT WHAT. WOAH. THIS IS HUGE. Chinese lore entries featuring Eliskni dialogue actually tell us precisely what the Fallen are ACTUALLY SAYING. 
A Chinese #ArtificialIntelligence system has beaten a team of elite doctors Thank you, @automeme & @Julez_Norton #AI #tech #MachineLearning #HealthTech @mvollmer1 @crjaensch @jrzaranoid @CEO_AISOMA @AshokNellikar @labordeolivier @baski_LA 
Grid management, a core domestic security mechanism, and employed by Chen Quango in Tibet and Xinjiang, ist now at the forefront of the "war" on the virus, as 760 million Chinese are under some form of residential lockdown. As in XJ, this securitization is very labor intensive.  …
If you've not gone out and had a Chinese over the last few weeks, you're a racist.  …
#OTD John Cassavetes' The Killing of a Chinese Bookie (1976) had its stateside release. Ben Gazzara stars as Cosmo Vittelli a strip club owner who racks up debts to a loan shark as a result of his gambling addiction and is tasked with killing a bookie to wipe out his obligation. 
Michael Bloomberg explains how Xi Jinping is “not a dictator” and the Chinese Communist party is “responsive” to its people. The same Chinese government that mysteriously disappears and jails its citizens for posting videos about the coronavirus epidemic. 
Two open letters signed by mainland Chinese professors should be seen as the academy’s boldest challenge to the government since Xi Jinping came to power in 2012, according to experts in the US and the UK.  
Opportunity to express solidarity with China on efforts to fight #Coronavirius and exchange with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi on bilateral EU- China relations, #multilateralism & #climatechange ahead of  EU-China summit. Discussed also china’s important role on 
And no one makes the ignorant argument that because a white man can’t tell the visual difference between a Japanese victim of internment and a Chinese man that came here in 1990 to make it make sense. It’s stupid. 
The Chinese government locked up everyone in their homes and told them to call and pay for the food If they need. What if people who have no money? CCP designed starvation will kill more than a virus 
Scrolling through the menu ordering a Chinese, think I found who the fucking chef is 
Why is it that the Chinese can build a hospital in two weeks but we have roadworks on the M3 and M1 for years with a 50 mph limit even when nobody’s working on it. It really does baffle me. Does anyone have the answer.
Flyer also explains this site was chosen in recognition of displaced  "We want to recognize the shared history of violence experienced by indigenous people and Punjabi and  in so-called BC." 
Nice diagnostic preprint paper, showing distribution of co-infections in patient with COVID-19. Impressive amount of Chinese papers on preprint services  
So terrible and horrible the Chinese government needs to be overthrown
people protest the Chinese Dog festival but hear this and continue to say, “i’m an animal lover ”  …
My heart is breaking for the Chinese people. Where is the useless UN? Where are all the Dems that care so much about human rights? Where is Pope Francis? Ugh.  …
Ancient Romans may have used traditional Chinese medicines  via @MailOnline
Saw my first IRL #MAGA hat wearing person last night. He was Asian and we were in a Chinese restaurant eating with our respective families. Prior to joining #YangGang I would’ve probably been filled with anger/hate/disgust, instead I just wanted to go #Yang him. #HumanityFirst
Huawei says it helps law enforcement agencies intercept  but of course would never intercept them itself. Hardly reassuring, especially when Huawei must follow orders issued by the Chinese government. 
Huawei is part of the Chinese Communist Party Huawei owns 95% of 5G (some say 70%)! This should scare you Silicon Valley makes the software, Huawei makes the hardware via Elemental Servers owned by Amazon!  …
The fire you kindle for your enemy often burns yourself more than him. ~ Chinese Proverb [18710] #proverbs #sayings #quotes
We proudly stand w/ the  & reject fear of the coronavirus. It’s important to treat everyone w/ respect, dignity, understanding.Honored to join @wutrain, @AnnissaForBos, @mfflaherty, @KenzieBok, @LizBreadon, @nina_liang in supporting Chinese restaurants/workers.  – at China Pearl Restaurant
A Chinese tourist has died in France of the coronavirus, the French health minister said on Saturday,  the outbreak’s first fatality in Europe and outside Asia 
20 years ago, many Chinese families couldn't afford  Massive internet cafes cropped up around the country, creating its earliest  One of these cities was Wuhan. @CHYchenhongyu explores the city's esports history:  … 
Chinese researchers have developed a new rapid #testing #kit for novel #coronavirus ( #COVID19), claiming test results can be shown within 15 minutes after collecting a drop of blood, said China's State Key Laboratory of Respiratory 
This is very much worth listening to. Especially: starting at time 7:00, a 5-minute overview of the Chinese health system that will ring true to those who have dealt with it, and will be  surprise to most listeners in the US/Europe.   …
PERSONAL STORIES: Coronavirus fears are hammering Boston Chinatown businesses. @wutrain is Chinese American and says she’s also at times dealing with glances and worried looks on the train. #DINEWITHCHINATOWN #Boston #Coronavirus 
. @nytimes writes: “investment bank Jefferies estimates Chinese buyers accounted for 40 % of 281 billion euros, or $305 billion, spent on luxury goods globally last year, & drove 80% of past year’s sales growth in the sector”- Slump in luxury goods sale & #coronavirus
The woke folk often talk about the MURDEROUS #APARTHEID REGIME. Don't drink the cool aid. They've always unleashed tribalism on themselves. The fucking #coronavirus killed more Chinese in a week than the apartheid government ever did #BlackPrivilege #DeKlerk #DeKlerkFoundation 
Chinese nggas be like "im wit my dawgs" ok bro just don't eat dem
#coronavirus Online screenshots show that the Chinese government have issued internal notifications confirming that β-type pneumonia has appeared in Wuhan, which is mutant II of Wuhan pneumonia Leaked info - Not verified!!!  …β-type-mutant-ii-emerged/
Chinese woman at the end of her tether. “Not a single person can speak freely. No beds, no medicines, all the news from TV is a lie. I can’t live like this any more. We have to speak out for the next generation.”  …
Impressive! Because the people in #Wuhan are not allowed to leave their homes because of the deadly #coronavirus, a Chinese folds banknotes in protest and throws them out the window. #China #COVID19 #WuhanCoronavius 
 to openness, transparency in fighting novel #coronavirus outbreak, Chinese Ambassador to U.S. says  
On another note, about to shoot a pilot for my friend's new show The Fridge Raiders where 2 chefs visit a family to raid their fridge & make a traditional dish. 1st ep. my dad guides them to make traditional Chinese food... And then we judge if it's up to our standards!
Whether you're in corporate America, Wall Street, academia, the media or politics, you are a target. This is not paranoia, it is the way the CCP does business. "the UFWD uses members of the Chinese People's Political Consultative  …
The White House is considering halting deliveries of jet engines coproduced by GE for use on a new Chinese airliner. Trump’s China hawks could be about to cause a huge headache for a major American manufacturer. From @bobdavis187 and  …
Chinese EV maker, BYD, has created a fully electric 45-foot double-decker coach bus that is capable of going 230 miles on a single charge.  …
I thought Brexit was all about how this great country could survive on our own we don't need anyone. Has nobody told Bozo because it looks like the Chinese are going to build HS2. We told you Brexit was a con.
We cant do this & raise the price, because  dictate market value by selling similar products cheaper. So they essentially coerce us to buying  from China or they will put us out of business either way. This is how they robbed US manufacturing.
Bit of trivia for u guys, I just found out that in the chinese translation of this moment gen says "ishigami senku and asagiri gen...will have to fall down to hell together HAND IN HAND" YES U MUST AHHHHH 
Next on the list...New York Chinese Food. Ive eaten at this place since I was 4 years old. Best Chicken and Broccoli dish I'll ever have.  close.  
Chinese Propaganda Attempts to Blame the US for Coronavirus  …
Equal Opportunities Commission warned a pro-protest restaurant that not serving mainland Chinese is discrimination. Restaurant responded by deciding that ppl can only use Cantonese to order - because their staff don’t know any Mandarin  …
This story has been circulating for a while now. If it's true it goes a long way to explain the massive reaction by China to contain the virus. Coronavirus bombshell: ‘REAL cause’ of outbreak claim - Chinese scientists break cover 
Prove it’s bad. I want to see it. How bad are we talking? Dolphin tattoo? Live, laugh, love tattoo? Nautical star? Chinese symbol that you think means “faith” but actually means “table”? Let’s see it.
This app is owned by the Chinese government and scours your phone as soon as you install it. Your entire phone is sent to a Chinese database for them to use!  …
MASSES OF AMERICANS’ DATA STOLEN BY CHINESE MILITARY, U.S. SAYS  
chinese beliebers are a whole different breed omg 
This thread from @T_Inglesby is about the >1700 Chinese healthcare workers revealed to have #COVID19 6 of whom have died. For 6 weeks we have clamored for HCWer data from health authorities, but even after #LiWenliang died, they refused. Now this  …
Quite telling that the tech types defending the galaxy brain VC who screencapped a reporter’s basic request  were nowhere to be found when that VC suggested the city cancel a mass gathering because it brought together people of Chinese heritage.
Chinese patient dies in France from coronavirus, the first death in Europe, French official says  … via @usatoday
Please Keep the Innocent Chinese citizens in Your Prayers All We know is they are suffering ,scared & Isolated from us knowing what’s happening to them there WWG1WGA .. U.S.: Beijing abuses human rights amid COVID-19 battle  via 
White person calling a Chinese-American man a Berniebro. Note that I've never said a mean thing to her. Sad to see Warren supporters acting like this on a beautiful Saturday afternoon.  …
Honestly, if you’re one of those people who moan and think you’ll get coronavirus from ordering a chinese takeaway... You are a total penis and I will block you for being an absolute twat.
Chinese baloney, the whole world bought their claim to build a hospital in 10 days, I’m an engineer, total bull, even a US Army MASH unit takes longer than that! In Chinese culture “show” is everything, all hat, no cattle.  …
Honored to join @Jane_Li911, @MariaRepnikova and @thepointwithlx on @AJListeningPost to talk about Chinese state media’s response to Li Wenliang’s death, the ”managed transparency” & censorship during #COVID19 outbreak.  (first 10 min)
It’s #WorldPangolinDay! The extraordinary pangolin is in desperate need of our protection. They are the most heavily trafficked species because their scales have ‘magic’ curing powers according to Chinese fairy stories. #worthmorealive 
wait also anime, manga, chinese drama, city pop, video games, webtoons fans please be my friend too. i really like the color blue and i like mermaids too please. be my friend. okay i’ll leave now 
It’s the Chinese government pushing to burn down the Amazon.  …
BREAKING: Coronavirus bombshell: ‘REAL cause’ of outbreak claim - Chinese scientists breaks cover Claims it came from laboratory researchers from lab in Wuhan investigating sick bats with CoronaVirus only 260 meters from market where outbreak started.  …
Our story out of the Amazon followed the planned route of Ferrogrão, the "grain train" railway China has expressed interest in investing in, and three  might bid on this year. Belt and Road, alive and well in Bolsonaro's jungle. CC:  …
The formidable @ankeqiang on the dire state of (modern) Chinese #history in French academia & why its near total absence in French history departments needs to be urgentby addressed---the same could be said for much of the rest of 
(1-2) #Chinatown supporters show up by the hundreds after city councilors including @wutrain urge them to buy local in midst of many avoiding Chinese businesses due to concerns about #coronavirus lunch prices reduced for brunch ($10). 400 people packed China Pearl. 
If you are going to be toxic towards my gf and be racist cuz she’s Chinese don’t  nor even like my post I’m here In  to spread positive energy and good vibes only man  sometimes makes me so upset anyway I’ll be live tonight love ya
France reports first death from coronavirus outside of Asia after Chinese tourist dies in Paris 
This is also the first #COVID19 death outside Asia. 80 year old Chinese tourist has died in Paris.  …
When human is learning Chinese in her scarf instead of giving you attention 猫不会说中文! 
As HIV drugs, stem cells and traditional Chinese medicines vie for a chance to prove their worth, the WHO attempts to bring order to the search. 
China has registered 80+ #COVID19 trials, testing HIV drugs, stem cells, traditional Chinese medicines, survivor serum, etc. After all, 1381 people have died. @WHO is trying to set trial standards & organizing their own. My latest #coronavirus @NatureNews  …
Class Act #MariaZakharova blasts xenophobic western journos who disrespected #China and the #Chinese people over the 
Graduates of Western schools typically double their pre-MBA pay. One Chinese school triples it 
For long @swadeshimanch has been raising voice to make efforts for stop Chinese dumping, which has killed domestic API industry and caused dependence on China. We shouldn’t forget that health security is no less important than border security. Sooner we understand better it is.  …
The boasted Wuhan Fire Godness Mountain Quarantine Hospital was leaking water. It is not a good sign for CCP in Chinese culture as “Water” extinguishes “Fire”. How can such a superficial project that  with days work? 
This account is toxic, always breaks the new in a way that makes it sound 100000x times worse. First death case in France is an 80-year-old Chinese tourist, from Hubei province the center of the epidemic, who has been hospitalized in France since end of January.  …
Wangyi: The Chinese market is big enough to withstand the impact of the epidemic, which is temporary. When it is over, the subdued consumer demand will be released rapidly, the dynamism of economy will rebound strongly, and the market will continue to grow. (interview by Reuters) 
Virus could derail Xi Jinping’s dreams of a Chinese century — Confronting an outbreak requires more than just an ability to throw up hospitals in a few days; it needs trust. And from the beginning, China’s public response to the virus has raised questions  …
Smoking Gun? Chinese Scientist Finds "Killer Coronavirus Probably Originated From A Laboratory In Wuhan" | Zero Hedge  …
Some Chinese Armys  forward with receipts of BH doing promo for Ego in China and Japan, but absolutely nothing for Shadow, we are just sharing the info with you guys.  …
Yeah. It would be terrible if China invaded us, all our stores would be full of Chinese made products... Seriously though, you might be too dense to be on my timeline. In fact, you are. Lemme fix that for you. 
While we’re talking Chinese espionage in the US, I’d like to also know what Beijing rec'd from the Trump/Kushner families in return after greenlighting Ivanka’s trademarks in China, and allowing Jared’s sister to do business there.
A Chinese firm has offered to save the government “tens of billions” by taking on the HS2 project and building it within five years. @IanPayneSport asks: isn't this worth looking 
“Mark Esper, US defence secretary, warned that a European embrace of Chinese 5G  technology  the NATO military pact.”  …
Me: "Our dinner reservation is at 6 so we probably can't do another full dungeon run." @MoMAbbieBurger: "You know. We could just not go, order Chinese food, and keep playing WoW." Me: "Yes" ^^^ This is what soulmates look like.
IZ*ONE being one of the idols discussed in a book called “The Water Margin** of Heisei Idol”. “The 30 year period from the ‘idol winter era’ to the abundant era” **Water Margin is referencing to the famous Chinese novel aka Shui Hu Zhuan #IZONE #아이즈원  …
This means the Chinese authorities knew back in January that this disease was contagious enough to warrant printing billions of dollars worth of money to replace contaminated bank notes.  …
And if this tweet is accurate, didn’t she just warn all the Chinese moles at CIA, DIA, and State that the FBI is investigating them?
Mr. Zhao, Can ordinary Chinese citizens open a Twitter account? Will they go to jail if they open a Twitter account? We demand the same rights to every Chinese citizen. Please help me to ask @zlj517 because he is going to hide from this 
As of Friday, China has transported 2,000 tons of frozen #pork reserves to #Wuhan amid epidemic to increase market supply, said Chinese National Development and Reform Commission 
Chinese spying has reached unprecedented levels in the United States. The FBI is now overseeing around 1,000 cases of espionage, with Chinese spies infiltrating the State Department, the CIA, and Defense Intelligence Agency.
For the attention of the “Optimistic Chinese” who propose to build our HS2 in 5 years !!!..... It’ll take you at least that long to get our native “Tree Huggers” down our tree trunks !..........
As of 02.15 23:00 BJT, Chinese BLINKs have collected enough money to purchase 68,535 copies of BLACKPINK’s  album (non-shipping back + shipped back to China). 职业黑粉操盘手吧 
If they are really employees why tf am I hearing people speaking in Chinese in the background? I never heard about TOP Media's staff being Chinese or knowing how to speak in Chinese??? @TOPmedia_Kr GIVE US AN  …
UPDATE: • Chinese tourist in France is first fatality outside of Asia. • U.S. to evacuate citizens from quarantined ship. • U.K. has released all but one patient.
Men's Conference was stopped indefinitely after a Chinese man caughed 5 times 
We are truly humbled to see that over 3 million people have responded to our call to pray for the churches in #Wuhan #China , a lot thanks to over 25K shares on Facebook! God bless you! May the #coronavirus crisis humble the Chinese authorities to seek #God!
中国加油 | Moments before kickoff, Barça showed its support for the Chinese people amidst the #coronavirus crisis. 'TOGETHER, 
While global markets will suffer from China’s Cornavirus induced economic collapse it’s the People of China that will suffer the most as prices for staples skyrocket. Hell on earth for the Chinese.  …
Thank you Russia! Russian spokesperson Maria Vladimirovna Zakharova spoke in Chinese. “At this difficult time, Russia is with China!” 
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TRANSLATE THESE CHINESE WORDS? She is an actress who appeared in Love The Way You Are and Dao Ming Si's ex-fiancee in the series, Meteor Garden. @jah447798 grabe ka ha #SB19PPopRise #SB19 
Birds in Winter Landscape Jiang Hanting 1903–1963 Chinese 
China offers to build HS2 in five years and for less money* *If the people who own the land can be treated like Chinese people who are in the path of new infrastructure  …
Is Messi holding hands with a chinese kid? 
Hundreds of millions of Chinese citizens have been largely confined to their homes since late January, leading to empty restaurants and retail shops, canceled vacations and closed manufacturing facilities that still have to pay salaries and overhead costs 
"My boss asked me to send them a selfie every half an hour, & share my real-time location with them on WeChat. I suspect my manager doesn’t really trust me" Working remotely due to the the Coronavirus, Chinese workers say managers want constant proof they're doing their job, #HR
If #China's ambassadors, government officials, #CCP propagandists and now provincial governments are using Twitter, let ordinary Chinese people tweet too  …
We have a diplomat, a statesman & a peacemaker for a leader. He has elevated Canada's status internationally & is well respected the world over. The CONS prefer a dirty dealing coward who snuck around with the likes of the Saudis, Netanyahu & the Chinese & sold us down the river.
Was this a prophecy ? Extract from a 1981 Novel by ‘Leigh Nichols’ aka Dean Koontz about a mother’s search for answers after her son and a bunch of friends mysteriously die on a camping trip, and the subsequent link to Chinese bio-weapons. It’s uncanny 
Chinese manufacturers shift from diaper to mask-making machines 
Super cute trying to memorise the Chinese words! cr. 搜狐韩娱 
We Chinatown. Standing strong with Chinese Community Leaders and - @SirRichardLeese - 
There have been biocontainment failures in the West too - small pox, anthrax, ebola & dengue have escaped. SARS also escaped from labs in Singapore & Taiwan. Might explain initial Chinese attempt to cover up.  …
COVID-19 is fueling anti-Chinese racism. One joke is that COVID-19 arose from the Chinese penchant for eating “anything with four legs except the table and everything that flies except planes,” while another joke is that the epidemic won't last long because it is “Made in China.”
$tsla 2/15 afternoon, Chinese president xi Jin Peng wanted the big cities to release more car lincenes to boom the enconomy . Currently there are eight more big cities has the car lincense control besides Shanghai. This will be big for Tesla sells in china. 
[INFO] Kim Dongyun Chinese fans prepared ads for celebrate his birthday at Myeongdong #WoollimBoys #WoollimRookie #Hyeop #Yunseong #Changuk #Dongyun #Minseo #Junho 
What if global warming isn’t “a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese?”  …
Hunting feral hogs is awesome, I have a lot more reservations about the nightmarish factory farming of pigs for the benefit of Smithfield’s Chinese shareholders  …
Reasons to be cashless 1, 2, 3 ... Chinese banks disinfect banknotes to stop spread of coronavirus  …
China's vice foreign minister, Fu Ying, says it's the Chinese people who ultimately decide whether the government is serving them or not, as if Beijing gives them any say in the matter. The choice between silence and prison is not consent. 
Cambodian - Chinese 
Smoking gun: Emperor Corona knew #coronaviruschina on January 7 & covered it up. As a result, more Chinese people have been killed & infected by this drop dead virus. It's Chernobyl!  …
Chinese cyber criminals are getting more organized and dangerous - TechRepublic  … #China @cybercrime #CyberSecurity @TechRepublic
When you run the world's most effective surveillance state, you know about people, stricken by disease, collapsing on your streets. And #XiJinping still sent a delegation to sign the trade deal with Prez #Trump.  are beasts. #China  …
Chinese Govt has provided Loans to Pakistan for following Projects: Below is also the nature of the loans. Composit Interest rate of these loans is 2.4% Loans are for a tenor of 20 Years. 
Chinese characteristics protection? 
An elderly Chinese man has died from coronavirus, the first fatality in Europe 
Sat on a long train journey with a cold. Not a  if you look like me, considering the conversation of those on the seat in front of me is all about ‘Chinese taking over British railways!’ May have to stop repressing these sneezes... #EverydayRacism
Correction: the paper was published about 24 hours ago, Chinese state media started talking about the need for stronger biosecurity regulation at about 6pm, then the paper was brought to our attention and quickly deleted when @ezracheungtoto linked to it at roughly 
China Railway Construction Fraud -Remember what happened to this amazing woman for exposing the chinese corruption at the @WorldBank ? She was fired by the CCP member that had infiltrated the WB and became her boss. The US needs to right the wrongs at the WB or stop  …
#XiJinping admitted it is he who covered up the #COVID19 #coronavirus epidemic in #China. In a speech he made on Feb 3(full text in Chinese:  ), he said he started overseeing the disease control campaign as early as Jan 7. #習近平 1月7號就知道 
มาปูเสื่อรอ MBK LED PROJECT thanks to @635491757Vivi and all chinese fc #OhmFluke #โอห์มฟลุ้ค 
Roughly an hour before the paper was published, Chinese state media began talking about the need for stronger biosecurity laws and regulations. 
“start investigating” To date, WHO leadership has simply been part of the Chinese narrative machine. It’s more than a disgrace. It’s a betrayal of the entire world.  …
U.S. Defense Secretary Mark Esper portrays China as a growing threat to world order. He used a speech to an international security conference in Germany to criticize the Chinese government. 
moonbyul is the richest byul stan chinese moos are shaking  …
Two Chinese scientists published a now deleted paper on ResearchGate that we were able to retrieve. It claims #COVID2019 / #nCoV2019 may have originated from accidental Wuhan Center of Disease Control and Prevention leakage due to high risk behavior and bad operational 
(Bloomberg) --A Chinese tourist has died in France, marking the first death outside Asia from the coronavirus, France’s health ministry said. The virus has killed more than 1,500 in China. Japan, Thailand and Malaysia on Saturday confirmed new cases.
Logical to refuse questions—just like @Chinamission2un did when given floor @hrw #UN press conference—when you have no good answers to so many obvious questions ( #coronavirus, #Xinjiang, #Hongkong, @huawei, #LiWenliang, #Tibet, @nba...). @hrw_chinese  …
this is when jisung talked to chenle in chinese to tell him he's handsome just to say he's lying after, and even asked for HIGH FIVE... imagine being THAT annoying  …
Monet called this "The Chinese Painting with Flags" referring to the Chinese/Japanese style he used in it. Garden at Sainte-Adresse (1867) is on display in the @metmuseum. #Art #Painting #Monet 
Chinese construction workers are blockading entire housing blocks, so that nobody can go outside #coronavirus #COVID19 #武汉 #武汉疫情 #Wuhan 
BORIS PLEASE STOP IT - UK is being taken over by Muslims, Russia & Chinese. We left the EU to be independent . I would prefer to be poor but retain my pride. Instead of HS2 & Heathrow - INVEST IN UK MANUFACTURING.
#UPDATE US Defense Secretary Mark Esper and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo fired a fresh broadside at #Huawei on Saturday, warning the Chinese tech giant posed a threat to NATO if allies allowed it to build new  networks  
Let's let the Russians choose our government with the help of American tech, then the Chinese run our  & rail infrastructure. Loving all this control Brexiters.
Remember that video I posted a few days ago from that a Chinese city which had its streets deserted of human but full of ravens? Turns out that there are more of these videos... #Wuhan #Coronavirus #COVID19 
Chinese woman said:Wuhan #coronavirus exposed the evil face of Chinese gov, the system is corrupted, they’ve been lying, abusing powers & repressing people.This evil has to end, I support independence of #HongKong,Tibet,Uyghurs &others. #China Global Television network is a 
When the Chinese traveller Huen T’sang (A.D. 603-64) visited Takshashila, the town had lost all its former grandeur and international character. - Hindu History. @LostTemple7 @TIinExile
Chinese police and HK police are the same. Just uneducated bullies that are political tools
Lovely~ Thank you Chinese Fan #เจ้าเเก้มก้อน ของ #โอห์มไง 
To all those people that belittled me about 10 days ago by saying we should get the Chinese in to help us build HS2.....eat my shorts you Tampons
its not ended yet, this is such a huge ads for a birthday in the middle of building city............ chinese somrangdan really no joke 
"Perhaps deep down, it (the U.S.) doesn't hope to see other countries develop. It doesn't want to see that other countries' enterprises can  big and strong," Chinese FM Wang Yi said of US suppression of @Huawei #5G  
Chinese Communist Party Officials = Bandits #coronavirus #wuhan #肺炎 
Chinese style medical care is cheap.  …
op said ily to yiren in chinese and her reaction is so cute :( 
Watching about the Corona Virus on youtube, apparently there is now some racism directed towards Chinese people. STOP IT, you have more chance of winning the lottery than contracting the virus from a Chinese person, who by the way has probably not been to China since last year or
Come to Sri Lanka! We've got -Warcrimes -Kandy -Battery acid Whiskey -Chinese colonialism -Landmines -Baby powder Cocain -Matara -Beaches  …
I hope that this delightful Chinese family win their case - please support them: BBC News - Cardiff Chinese restaurant in court battle with judge neighbour  …
Chinese police take exception to a street vendor selling food to starving #Coronaviris quarantine patients inside an apartment building More visual evidence of what life would be like for us under an #Agenda21  or socialist government. Let’s not go 
jeno asked what is 아이고 in chinese, then renle answering it, the way chenle answering it is really cute 
Missing Chinese citizen journalists highlight risks of telling Wuhan’s story during coronavirus outbreak  …
#WorldPangolinDay #pangolins nearly #extinct because of #Vietnam & #China The gentle animals are in demand for Hocus Pocus scam traditional medicine. We call on #Chinese #Vietnamese governments to stop the demand for #pangolin PLEASE sign #petition  …
An elderly Chinese man has died from coronavirus, the first fatality in Europe 
jisung trying to converse with chenle in chinese because chenle was still weak in korean...(╥﹏╥) : i think you’re really for real too handsome : thank you : i’m lying to everyone : *corrects him* i’m lying to you 
"This sudden outbreak reminds us once again that we live in a time when traditional and non-traditional security issues are intertwined, when local issues easily go global." – Wang Yi, Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Affairs Minister, on #coronavirus. #COVID19 
chinese people said lift the ban from justin  …
Would Ruth Davidson, or her replacement Jackson Carlaw, care  on the news that the UK Govt is in talks with the Chinese over plans to  HS2? Ruth was very vocal when Nicola Sturgeon signed an agreement in 2016. Perhaps someone at #ColonialQuay can ask 
I'm just going to get this off my chest. In the last 2 weeks, my Chinese heritage has been subjected to a torrent of racist "jokes" from friends and colleagues. This attitude may have been unearthed by #COVID19 and EU politics, but I find it frankly unacceptable.
Wang Yi: Many state leaders note it is admirable that the Chinese government&people show solid resolve in dealing with the epidemic. The high speed&massive scale of China’s response are rarely seen in the world. China’s speed, scale&efficiency reflect advantage of China’s system. 
Very telling that Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi won't take any questions from the audience, unlike most other speakers at the Munich Security Conference. French Pres Macron just took questions for an hour. Propaganda is so much easier when there is no rebuttal. 
predebut jisung trying to speak chinese to get close to chenle back  …
A Chinese  could be about to take over construction of the troubled HS2 rail link. The British gov't is in talks with the China Railway Construction Corporation, which has said it can build the line in just five years at a much lower cost.  …
All those who think that @Facebook @YouTube @Twitter @Google @WhatsApp and others  to Pakistan on gun point and will surrender to new draconian law don’t know that  refused to accept Chinese & Indian dictation they never bothered about big markets
In 2016 the BBC launched a smear campaign against the SNP after Nicola Sturgeon signed a memorandum of understanding with a Chinese group that included China Railway. The Scottish Tories piled in. Will the Scottish Tories condemn this deal?  …
Chinese FM Wang Yi has the audacity to say that 1.4B Chinese people support the leadership of the Communist Party, even though not a single one of them is allowed to voice a peep of public dissent. Popularity is so much easier when it's imposed. 
French health minister says recently arrived Chinese tourist from Hubei had lung infection caused by coronavirus; 80-year-old man had been hospitalized under strict isolation since Jan. 25
Turns out I study Chinese astrology (八子) and what this article says is true, Jin is 陽木 (a big tree) while V is 陰木 (a vineous plant), as both are 木, they are alike, but as one is 陽 (yang) and the other is 陰 (yin)  eo  …
First #coronavirus death in Europe in Paris. French officials say patient 80-year-old man, Chinese tourist, native of #Hubei Province (outbreak epicenter). His daughter also hospitalized due to infection. She is expected to be discharged shortly. #China
Wang Yi starts his speech at #MSC20 by stating that under the leadership of Xi Jinping 1,4 bn Chinese fight coronavirus crisis as one. Says that Beijing's crisis management demonstrates the superiority of China's governance system. - Do 1,4 bn  share this view? 
You couldn’t make it up . . . and you don’t have to . All you have to do is give billions to a bunch of  charlies , wait for them to squander it , make a mess of the environment and then call in the Chinese . Drool Britannia . #HS2  …
Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi on #coronavirusus response: “China’s speed, scale and efficiency all reflect the success of the Chinese system.” Didn’t mention the jailing of journalists and doctors who tried to sound the alarm. #MSC2020
Since GE 2019 Boris Johnson has asset stripped UK -NHS Contract to USA Corp -Royal Navy Ship Contract to France -£700m NE Metro Contract to Swiss Corp -£2bn NHS contract to a German Firm -5G contract to Chinese Firm -£4bn UK Defence Firm sale to USA Corp -HS2 offered to Chinese
UK asks  to build HS2, it lacks engineers, construction capacity. Same for the 5G network & nuclear power plants. UK produces plenty of speculators. Privatization has destroyed engineering capacity in railways, electricity and elsewhere.  …
Chinese Stylist 高仓萌posted a Weibo of Mark: Fearless Boy! It’s second collaboration with younger brother Mark. @mtuan93 #段宜恩 #MarkTuan 
A Chinese tourist in France has died,  the first person to die from the novel coronavirus in Europe. Follow live updates  
The coronavirus has now infected more than 67,000 people globally, the vast majority in mainland China. The death toll is over 1,520 with four people outside China. First death in Europe: A Chinese tourist who tested positive for the virus died in France 
French Health Minister confirms a Chinese tourist in France has died of coronavirus which is the first fatality in Europe (Sky)
BREAKING: A Chinese tourist died from the coronavirus in Paris, France's health ministry said. It's the first fatality caused by the virus outside Asia  
Chinese involvement or not. The Oakervee report into the high-speed rail project exposed the mismanagement, with costs spiralling out of control and predictions of yet further delays. HS2 is likely to now go down as one of the biggest government disasters in British history. 
A Chinese  could be about to take over construction of the troubled HS2 rail link 
Chinese building HS2 is a no-brainer. UK has no experience of this, Chinese hi-speed rail network is bigger than rest of the world's put together.Could take 5 yrs+be much cheaper. This sounds like exactly the kind of collaboration UK and China should have.  …
A Chinese tourist has died in France after contracting the new coronavirus - the first fatality from the disease outside Asia  …
Exclusive: #Chinese doctors say #coronavirus reinfection even deadlier Instead of creating immunity the virus can reinfect an individual and hasten fatal heart 
Virus Outbreak: French Health Minister confirms a Chinese tourist in France has died of coronavirus which is the first fatality in Europe
Coronavirus: Chinese tourist dies from infection in France, health minister confirms  …
This is NOT China nor Chinese cuisine. But @peta knowingly tweets this without context in times of #COVID19 and its  “may #coronavirus strike them dead” tells you enough about these people. Also Sinophobia affects all East Asians since people ignorant  …
#FCB | FC Barcelona will show support to the Chinese people affected by the coronavirus crisis before game against Getafe. 
First coronavirus fatality in Europe as France confirms death of Chinese tourist 
Chinese tourist dies in #France,  first #coronavirus fatality in Europe - French health minister  
us: have proof that chinese moos alone bought 35k copies threatened gg stans: 
BREAKING - Chinese tourist dies in France in first coronavirus death outside Asia  
If you have a problem with people being gay, trans, bisexual, lesbian, black, muslim, chinese, immigrant, or have any other kind of prejudice, please unfollow me. And read this. #mentalhealth #MentalHealthAwareness #transphobia #LGBT  …
The death of the doctor who warned of the risks of the coronavirus and was reprimanded by Chinese authorities is the greatest threat to President Xi yet  via @BW
Distressing Dogs are being beaten in Bengbu, Anhui Province, China. Feb 14. Although according @WHO there's no evidence that pets can get #COVID19 they're being killed as a means to tackle this health issue. If able & speak Chinese pls call Bengbu Mayor Hotline 0552-12345 
China has quarantined used bank notes to contain the spread of the COVID-19 coronavirus, the Chinese central bank announced on Saturday.  …
2/ Rule of law, free flow of information, checks & balances  & give way to Xi’s Chinese Dream. The Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak precisely explain this argument. HK, given its proximity to mainland China, is highly prone to infection and spread of disease. 
When race warrior Tim Soutphommasane calls people racist for avoiding Chinese restaurants & coronavirus, who is he calling racist? Muslims? Aboriginals? Islanders? Vietnamese Australians? African Australians? Chinese? Of course not. That would be racist.
 are adjusting their work patterns and production structures to strengthen their "immunity" against the #coronavirus 
Dear Twitter I am a young entrepreneur. I have a food truck where I specialize in Pizza Burger Shawarma Noodles Chinese Rice Smoothies 100% Fresh Juice Just 1 like or Rt might change my life & find me more customers! Call/WhatsApp: 07087767750 to place your order. #Abuja 
"Do you think the democratic system is so fragile that it could be threatened by this single  of #Huawei?" Chinese diplomat Fu Ying responded to @SpeakerPelosi's #Huawei accusation at #MSC2020. Her argument won applause from the 
Chinese gymnasts pull out of World Cup in Australia due to coronavirus travel ban  
Chinese military medics have taken over another hospital treating #coronavirus patients in Wuhan 
A medical team from NW China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region turned a corner in the lobby of a makeshift hospital in #Wuhan into a dancing hall. The video has gone viral on Chinese social media. CGTN's Zhou Jiaxin has more.  
M: Just dropped him off at his condo krub FC: Are you kinda clingy to Nong? M: Not at all krub *smile* FC: Did the Chinese-stewed duck taste good last night? M: *smile and nod* FC: It tasted kinda sweet, right? M: I ate a cat... A very big one too #MewGulf Me: Why I'm hungry
This is the Chinese hospital built in 10 days—and now it’s flooding. There’s a metaphor in there somewhere. #NCOV19 
Yes. I'm sure there are some praiseworthy aspects to the Chinese response. But this uncritical and highly political applause  inappropriate and damages the WHO.
As a Chinese, I really enjoyed your masterpiece Hellsing. And I feel really sorry for what you have encountered in the pic, cuz whatever political opinion you hold, I don’t think you deserved that attack.
An elderly Chinese couple refused to sign an agreement allowing their house to be demolished for a new road 
#OpenScience tools are getting less monolingual. Volunteers just translated the #TransparencyChecklist to: Arabic Bulgarian Catalan Chinese Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Hungarian Indonesian Italian Japanese Norwegian Polish Swedish ... others underway!
With efforts of the Chinese and firm support from all parties including Serbia, it's only matter of time before battle against novel #coronavirus is finally won, Chinese FM tells Serbian president @avucic "We are proud of having a good friend like Serbia"  
the 7days bulit propaganda hospital in #wuhan shows its true color now. after all its Made in Chian by Chinese Gov #WuhanCoronavirus #coronavirus 
She says: #Wuhan #coronavirus exposed the evil face of #Chinese government, the system is corrupted, they’ve been lying, abusing powers & repressing people. This evil has to be end, I support separation of #HK, #Tibet, #Uyghurs & others, it’s not separation, it is 
The prevention and control of the #cornavirus outbreak is currently at its most crucial stage in China and Wuhan remains the main battlefield, says a senior Chinese official 
MEDIA BLACKOUT - Silence From Hard-Left @RutgersU! Rutgers University Professor, Mohammad Abbasi, preached the coronavirus Is divine retribution for China’s so-called treatment of Uyghur Muslims... "It Is the Least the Chinese Should Suffer, May Allah Punish Them Further" 
"Do you think the democratic system is so fragile that it could be threatened by this single  of Huawei?" asked Chinese diplomat Fu Ying in response to @SpeakerPelosi's Huawei accusation at #MSC2020. Her argument won a round of applause among the 
I think my firm is going to begin taking large short positions on American publicly  that have a reliance on Chinese manufacturing. If the coronavirus situation doesnt resolve in 2-3 weeks, we will soon be past the “tipping point”, bc many co’s can’t import goods
Meanwhile @POTUS just whacked their 2nd  All you Canadians would be speaking Chinese if you didn't border the USA. You're delinquent in paying your share for your protection all the while kissing up to terrorists. Shame on the works of you who voted for this mutt  …
To those of you who think I am wrong asking @HouseofCommons what is fact not fiction with Coronavirus, but last evening the Chinese government stated “people returning to Beijing must self isolate for 14 days or be punished”! So it’s the fcuking flu then?
So Ambassador Wu Peng claims that Chinese nationals on connecting flights (KQ Flights are suspended) self quarantine upon landing in Kenya! Hahaa! Happening when our Kenyan students have been denied evacuation from China! GOK ought to be serious with coronavirus global emergency 
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese to make U.S. manufacturing  —Donald J. Trump, Nov. 6, 2012 Trump applied for permission to build a seawall to protect his golf course in Ireland from sea-level rise.  …
FirstTories led by a half wit want the Americans to run our NHS at a great cost to the British public,now they want the Chinese to build the HS2 rail link in 5 yrs at great cost of jobs to the British public,well brexiteers wanted a free trade deal now you have the Tory loyalty
2 Chinese video bloggers posted heartbreaking images from Wuhan. Now, both of them have gone missing. 
Plum blossom is highly appreciated in Chinese culture. The five petals symbolize happiness, good luck, longevity, and peace In Mount Huangshan, east China's Anhui Province, the plum trees have already started to blossom attracting many birds.  
According to corbyn its Racist to swerve Chinese areas because you are worried you might get corona virus and die. My god he's not real is he  …
I saw White Snake (2019) A chinese animated movie. Visuals are great but the story is alright. It doesn't explain or establish things too well. Still had a great ending and action. The demon girl in the image below is gonna be everyone's favorite. 
The new coronavirus has restricted millions of Chinese people to their homes and towns, and now old bank notes are being quarantined. - it‘s just a flu.
#US military flies a P-3C anti-submarine aircraft to the south of #Taiwan It's the second day in a row that the US Air Force has deployed aircraft near Taiwan after #Chinese jets earlier this week flew missions that circled the nation  …
An artisan drew a pair of mandarin ducks in a Chinese snuff bottle, which indicates double auspiciousness and prosperity for Chinese. 
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi: The epidemic can't stop #China from keeping pace towards national rejuvenation more:  
Well, looks like being owned by a  has allowed standards to slip, who'd have thought?  …
Chinese modern day imperialism in the Philippines, thread:   …
Actress Lucy Liu paints erotic lesbian art- Liu began making art as a teenager, and had her first show in 1993 under her Chinese name Yu Ling 
league twitter wholesome/funny content 17 55 girls selfies 8 455 horny tweets 421 1.2k edrama 782 3.8k stolen reddit/chinese memes 2.8k 12.5k
Open letters “Chinese academy’s strongest challenge” to Xi: professors ride a wave of “public anger” over coronavirus outbreak in airing anti-government views  
"You are the first FM who sent sympathies to the Chinese people since the outbreak of the novel #coronavirus, which fully reflects the profound friendship between the people of the two countries," Wang tells Iranian FM  
This isn’t first time China has offered to build HS2 ‘cheaply.’ China’s railways minister offered to me 10 years ago to build it for ‘half the cost of the French & Germans.’ He was later jailed for corruption after the terrible Chinese high-speed rail crash of 2011
The Chinese 1993 Golden Palm award-winning film #FarewellMyConcubine will return to cinemas in Korea on April 1. The  leading actor Leslie Cheung Kwok-wing, as it will be 17 years since his passing. #GoldenPalm #movie 
This is how the novel #coronavirus that has claimed over 1,500 lives in #China looks like under the scanning and transmission electron #microscope (Source: NIAID's Rocky Mountain Laboratories) Chinese scientists also revealed a image of the virus in January 
Chinese gymnasts pull out of World Cup in Australia due to coronavirus travel ban  
Not Many people know that in 1951 ... China broke off all diplomatic ties with Vatican .... as Vatican was interfering in Chinese affairs
Egypt's health ministry on Friday announced the first confirmed case of the novel coronavirus in Africa. Meanwhile the infected person is not an Egyptian but a Chinese. The only thing we have in Nigeria is to PRAY o. We can't trust people who cannot contain Lassa fever,
Latest developments on #coronavirus outbreak in China: - The overall confirmed cases on the Chinese mainland hit 63,851 - Wuhan: traditional Chinese medicine will be used in treatment - 1,716 medical staff had been infected #Xinhuafactbox  
The coronavirus outbreak has raised new worries about prejudices against those with Chinese ancestry 
Arthur, you don’t have to be utterly oblivious sometimes. The Chinese students that returned were those outside the epicenter- Wuhan. Students inside Wuhan aren’t permitted to leave because the government said its better to have them there.  …
Fact that is a #coronavirous free country - despite CPEC / such a sizable Chinese population / global epidemic - is an endorsement of this govt’s well thought through policy making on this issue. Kudos to @zfrmrza for using his WHO experience brilliantly in service of 
 visit beautiful Chitipa, home of the Msukwa, Lambia & others. Come see the grand hills before the Chinese log it all away and it looks as bare as most of the central & southern parts of Malawi  …
This was the week Chinese industry was supposed to stir back to life. "One day before reopening, we got a notice from the government that the policy changed," says one Shenzhen car parts factory owner. "There is nothing we can do." 
"Before anyone was quarantined for coronavirus, the Uighurs were quarantined by the Chinese government."  — #AJOpinion, by Omar Suleiman
In visit to Chinese embassy, @DiazCanelB reiterated #Cuba's support & solidarity with brother people of #China, affected by coronavirus Covid-19. He emphasized effective response by gov. of China to that difficult situation & his strong belief that they'll win battle vs. 
A video widely circulated on Chinese social media alleges that people are spitting in public in a bid to spread the coronavirus in the affected country. 
We should not repeat the same mistake of treating Corona suspects and chinese citizens the same way we treated Aids suspects ... please
Most of the cases in MY are Chinese nationals (with the exception of the guy who went SG for meeting). Either means we are nipping the bud to  spread. Or it hasn’t appear yet  …
From the frontlines to the lines on their faces from wearing masks and goggles, Chinese nurses are right there taking care of patients in Wuhan.  …
Chinese gymnasts pull out of World Cup in Australia due to coronavirus travel ban  
Chinese husband escorts his doctor wife to work by driving behind her to ensure he doesn’t catch coronavirus from her 
LMFAO this video depicts the Chinese nationalist demonstration at UQ yelling at me to apologize for holding pro-Hong Kong rally 
All of us, Democrats & Republicans, are urging Germany and other allies not to allow Chinese state  like Huawei to build our 5G infrastructure. That  our security, privacy, and ultimately  …
Is anyone paying attention to this? 5 million evacuated from a city of 8 million. This guy is saying the government killed them.!!! CORONA UNMASKED: Chinese Intelligence Officer Reveals True Magnitude of China’s Fake “Coronavirus” Crisis  …
What inspired a group of Chinese Americans to donate supplies to #Wuhan amid the #coronavirus outbreak? “We still have family and friends in China. We all feel for the people there,” says Andy Chau from the Jacksonville Chinese Association. 
Chinese people express a sigh of relief as infected cases nationwide, except Hubei, decline for the 11th consecutive day #COVID19  
"The Eyes of Darkness, a 1981 thriller by bestselling suspense author Dean Koontz, tells of a Chinese military lab that creates a virus as part of its biological weapons programme. The lab is located in Wuhan, which lends the virus its name, Wuhan-400"  …
I WAS WONDERING HOW THEY KNOCKED HER OUT. COULD IT BE THEY KILLED HER? SHARE: Woman‘s neck broken by Chinese Police after refusing a random forced confinement amid Coronavirus Outbreak in China. #Coronavirus  … via CitizenFour2020 03 #FridayThoughts
Last Valentine’s Day hubby & I got shit faced, I drank an entire bottle of tequila trying to forget about our second angel baby. This Valentine’s Day we walked the Oregon zoo, napped, ate Chinese, strolled Target, and now cuddling in bed feeling our rainbow kick. My fav glow up.
By the end of Friday, the overall confirmed cases on the Chinese mainland have reached 66,492. 1,523 people have died while 8,096 people are discharged from hospital after recovery  
In 1977, a volcano erupted in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The result? Thetans flooding out into the atmosphere, eventually settling in China, and culminating in Deng Xiaoping taking power in 1978, reversing all the gains made by the Chinese Revolution.
Chinese diplomats always go for subtlety  …
Health tip for Trumpers. Eat less of the Chinese food. Get it yourself. Walk your own dog.  …
Wow "Executives say large container ships are leaving Chinese ports as little as 10% full, and sailings are being canceled as carriers brace for a financial retreat"  …
If she really cared about racism, as a Chinese Citizen she should be more concerned about the Uighur Genocide than going on a cruise. Ask her about the Organ Harvest. #Chinazi
Senator Victor Oh and I visited a couple of grocery stores to encourage our neighbours to shop at their local Chinese restaurants and stores. The risks of coronavirus in Canada remains low. Canadians should be aware of misinformation and rely on credible sources  – at Oceans Fresh Food Market 龍翔超級市場
Richie and Eddie order take out a lot from the same Chinese place so now all the delivery people know them. So when Eddie orders when richie is on tour it’s like DM: nothing for richie? Eddie: oh no he’s on tour... DM: :( [gives Eddie a few extra fortune cookies]
Wang Yi: Who threatens whom? US Congress kept passing acts to blatantly interfere in China’s internal affairs. US kept sending warships or aircrafts at China’s doorstep. It spares no efforts to batter  It’s US, not China, that threatens others. 
Wow What Ms. Wong says in this clip must be translated into English. It's a #coronaviruschina induced battle cry 2 unite all oppressed Chinese people, includingers/Taiwanese/Uighurs/Tibetans/other minorities 2 defeat the New Evil Empire4 independence & freedom! God bless her!  …
Found this enigmatic portrait of Tinguian girl in the photography collection of a Swedish ethnographic musuem. She wears a fully beaded armband called "tinali" made from Venetian, Bohemian and Chinese trade beads, a prestige symbol that only the upper-class could have afforded. 
People know that Chinese restaurants outside China are staffed by ... people who don’t live in China, right? Sigh  …
Exclusive: How many Chinese frontline medics are infected with coronavir...  via @YouTube
So, the Chinese are mostly gone from Parramatta. And now there's a glut of unsold formula at Woolworths. Makes you think, huh. 
CalPERS CIO with alleged ties to CCP increases $TSLA stake by 18% in 4th Q to 306,000 shares. California's CalPERS Public Employee Pension Fund Invested in Blacklisted Chinese Companies  …
Wang Yi: Preaching clash of civilizations attempts to reverse history. Nations are equal in the  & enjoy right to development. Socialism with Chinese characteristics is the Chinese people’s choice. It’s so successful in China. US should respect this choice. 
Yeah, I’m a GROWN-ASS woman who loves pandas. DON’T JUDGE! ••••••••••••••••••• Say hi to “BaoBao.” (Baby or darling in Chinese) Eric totally outdid himself this Valentine’s Day. And yes, #babyyoda…  …
#BREAKING Chinese, Vatican foreign ministers hold rare meeting: state media 
A diary from Christmas Island: A Chinese mother shares her experience as a coronavirus evac… A grateful evacuee.The first positive article that’s about something our Feds have done well. First time ever an unbiased story. I shouldn’t have to say that.  …
California's CalPERS Public Employee Pension Fund Invested in Blacklisted Chinese Companies  …
Ling Li, a lecturer in Chinese politics: China's tear-jerking "hero" stories distract from a "rational understanding of the causal link between the mess of a crisis and the origin of the crisis."  …
Tried to type Happy Valentine's Day to a friend in Chinese (情人节快乐）but sent off "Happy Poor Person Day" instead (穷人节快乐). In Chinese, "lover" is an almost-homonym to "poor person." The latter is what I'm celebrating today.
Wang Yi: With Chinese speed, we race against time to save lives of every patient. With our strength united as one, we fight against #COVID19 and stop its further spread. With its efforts and sacrifice, China won international respect and recognition. 
Probably travelled in a Japanese vehicle, walked in with American shoes wearing some Multi-branded denim and shot this “Heroic act” in a Chinese phone! Wanting to ban Valentine's day by spewing Hate!! Will these clowns ever understand the diversity/inclusiveness of dis country?  …
Thanks for making this na @635491757Vivi & chinese fan so cute #เจ้าแก้มก้อน ของ #โอห์มไง #OhmThitiwat #fluke_natouch #คุณหนูขี้อายกับคุณชายเจ้าชู้ #UWMAseries 
For all them single folks out there for Valentine's Day, [the Chinese version of] TikTok has a AR Boyfriend Filter 
It's happening. The US-Taliban agreement would provide for the release of 5,000 Taliban terrorists (for starters). This will leave Afghanistan to the mercy of the Pakistan & significantly bolster Chinese & Russian influence in the region. Unless ...  …
Right, the pleasure of ummah is when Imran says he knows nothing about Uigher Muslims in Chinese concentration camps and doesn’t want to talk about it because the Chinese don’t like it.  …
Moscow Mitch likes being a rich white man so he doesn’t care for other races to enjoy a good life as he has. Most people who have multi racial families are more tolerant toward other races, not him. The irony is Racist Mitch infact is a very rich man because of his Chinese wife.
A new teahouse opened in DC today. No bubble tea on the menu, only high-end loose leaf tea from China. A cup (500ml) costs $5. I asked the owner, a Chinese having lived years in US, whether Americans will buy their tea. “Everyone who has asked this question is Chinese,” he said. 
A medical worker in a protective suit takes a break during her night shift at  health service center in Wuhan. More images of the Chinese workers fighting the coronavirus:  
Rui Zhong, a #Wuhan native and China analyst, joins the @NuVoices podcast to discuss tactics employed by the Chinese central government to co-opt the narrative surrounding the #coronavirus #COVID19 outbreak.  … @rzhongnotes @c1ndygao @supchinanews
So a  that's involved in SCS island building just won a bid to build a giant airport on reclaimed land around Cavite, which happens to be the Philippine Navy HQ.  …
Last week @Chinese market: White woman pushes to the front of the queue because she ‘only wanted to ask a question’. WW: ‘Excuse me I have a list of things I need to get, could you help me find them?’ *thrusts long list at new cashier who looks confused*
New confirmed cases of #COVID19 outside Hubei Province in the Chinese mainland have dropped for 11 consecutive days, from 890 on Feb 3 to 221 on Feb 14, according to the National Health Commission. 
China’s coronavirus outbreak has sent Beijing’s diplomats into overdrive in a bid to keep other countries from adopting measures that imply  in Chinese efforts to contain the crisis. It generally hasn’t worked. 
Chinese authorities tightened their coronavirus quarantine rules for Beijing on Friday, saying that all residents returning from outside the capital city would be required to isolate themselves for 14 days 
The eurozone is no place to take shelter from trouble in the Chinese economy. Sadly for Europe, the epidemic  just as Germany had put itself at China’s economic mercy 
Is Emperor Corona issuing a shoot to kill order against #coronaviruschina victims? Why this Chinese cop is carrying a AK47 if there is no such an order?  …
 are in for a supply-chain shock. Their heavy reliance on Chinese factories leaves them vulnerable 
A planned visit to the UK by the Australian Parliament's intelligence and  has been abruptly cancelled amid a diplomatic row over Boris Johnson's controversial decision to allow Chinese telco Huawei into its 5G network |  …
Lion Dairy was recently bought by  China Mengniu for $600 million. The Lion brands include Dairy Farmers, Masters and Pura milk; Dare and Farmers Union iced coffee; Big M, Dairy Farmers and Pura Classic flavoured milk; Vitasoy soy milk and coconut milk....  …
Wait what?!? The Wuhan Coronavirus is an escaped from the laboratory Chinese military grade manufactured weapon? Coronavirus: United States Senator Tom Cotton Says China Has Been Lying ...  via @YouTube
Chinese government media celebrating the official decline in new cases  …
“Chinese medical workers at the forefront of the fight against the coronavirus epidemic are often  its victims, partly because of government missteps and logistical hurdles.” They don’t have enough masks, goggles, gowns.  …
A video show you the #Chinese adulterated food. It's horrible that the Chinese people eat these things every day. 
Opinionby @MichaelLedeen There are countless Chinese plots and schemes to steal US methods and know-how. College presidents like to boast of the openness of the system. But academic research isn’t intended to be shared. Certainly not all of it.  …
Daily Digest 2/13 – Chinese doctors say Wuhan coronavirus reinfection even deadlier, Alibaba CEO warns coronavirus is a ‘black swan’  
#LATEST on #COVID19 outbreak in China, as of Feb 14: - 66,492 confirmed cases in Chinese mainland, another 56 in HK, 10 in Macao and 18 in Taiwan - 1,523 deaths - 8,096 discharged from hospital 
On Monday, the Department of Justice blamed Chinese military hackers for stealing the personal information of millions of Americans in the the 2017 Equifax hack. @adschina rounds up the cyber news you need to 
The Australian Human Rights Commisson says it does not have adequate funding for anti-racism work. Meanwhile, race  Chin Tan is also concerned about increased racism towards Chinese people as a result of coronavirus @smh  …
Chinese Communist Government Treat Chinese people like slaves ! Can you believe this is 2020!?! #Coronavirius #china #Wuhan 
The Beauty of Chinese Animation: Donghua Reviews Video Essay  …
Preach! I went to UH Law & remember my prof saying that if a person in HI had to choose between 2  attorneys, one Chinese or Japanese & the other Filipino, that person would most likely choose the one with a Chinese/Japanese surname due to implicit racial bias.
when that kpop girl said she doesnt have a lot of fans in china now her chinese fans are making history as they currently raised over $200k in less than a week to support her 
World reaction to China's battle against #coronavirus leaves much for the Chinese to ponder. We shall resolutely guard ourselves against ugly rhetoric like racism; but for those who have shown their support and kindness, we have the utmost  
This is a German-trained Chinese geneticist that I know and trust, he carefully examined the genes of the coronavirus and concluded it is highly likely to be designed by man. The efficiency of infection has been greatly increased through gene modification. 
CHINA COULD BUILD HS2 “The China Railway Construction Corporation has told the Government it can build the high-speed line in just five years at a much lower cost than is currently forecast” How long before we have an ISC report into ‘Chinese Influence’ in UK politics...?!?  …
To you who have the Chinese and Vietnamese flags in your bio: how do you reconcile this? They're anti each other. The Chinese have been trying to fuck with Vietnamese islands for years. Oh? You just saw red flag? Gotcha.
The #coronavirusoutbreak has laid bare the failures of Xi top-down, repressive approach for all of Chinese society to see. In @yuenyuenang's view, that fundamentally changes the power dynamic in China  #Coronavirustruth
Boston officials launched a campaign to support the city's Chinatown as business there drops and anti-Chinese sentiment grows. City leaders are hosting a dim sum brunch and made bingo cards highlighting local activities. New York and Chicago launched similar measures. 
Wang Yi about #Coronavirus: “We’re not just defending the life, safety and health of Chinese citizens, but also making our contribution for global public health, and that should be recognised.” 
Singing makes my heart fly! Finale: Here's another snippet of me singing at last weeks #ChineseNewYear #sing #singer #singing #highnotes #voice #love #voiceofanangel #soprano #aerialsilks #aerial #talent #show #corporate #corporatesinger #showstopper #Chineseevents #Chinese 
What do you call a chinese billionaire ?.... CHA CHING ! 
Hahaha I'm sitting in my car waiting for my Chinese take out and I dozed off. I just woke myself up with a snore. If anyone wants to know how my Valentine's night is going Ffs.
Chinese officials confirmed that more than 1,700 medical workers have been infected with the #coronavirus. Six of those cases have resulted in death. More:  
Imagine being locked up in a Chinese prison for 432 days. You cannot see your family. No justifiable reason has been given. That is what our Canadian friend and colleague Michael Kovrig is facing. #FreeMichaelKovrig.  
After Egypt suspended its flights with China over the coronavirus, concerns are emerging about the supply of Chinese products and raw materials in the country as well as the impact on prices 
U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi appealed Friday to an audience in Germany for countries to steer clear of Chinese tech giant Huawei as they build their next-generation cellular networks, adding her voice to pressure from the Trump administration. 
Masks are so scarce in Wuhan that doctors and nurses are using tape to patch them up. Chinese medical workers at the forefront of the fight against the coronavirus epidemic are now  its victims -- 1,716 infected, 6 dead. w @chubailiang 
It’s “apocalyptic,” Shanghai-based photographer Nicoco says about the desolate Chinese streets amid the coronavirus outbreak. Our special report airs tonight at 7 p.m. ET.  
Just to remind @jeremycorbyn why he lost an election, imagine putting Coronavirus and Racism in one sentence. You’re the racist here, because when I hear about Coronavirus I don’t think of Chinese people because this is now a global threat.  …
Is there a easy-to-follow Chinese cookbook named Lo Mein’tenance? Just throwing that out there if not.
Wow, @RoundRockISD. FYI, #Coronavirus is not caused by being Asian or Chinese. Would RRISD find the need to “disinfect” after a non-Asian festival? Stand with your #AAPI families against unfounded 
Our top people have repeatedly offered to go but the Chinese will not let us  …
5) - “I’m here to announce the indictment of Chinese military hackers… for breaking into  systems of the credit-reporting agency Equifax, and for stealing the sensitive personal information of nearly half of all American citizens.”—AG Barr
1) This week: -Chinese  Conglomerate Huawei and Subsidiaries Charged in Racketeering Conspiracy and Conspiracy to Steal Trade Secrets -Jussie Smollett indicted with 6 charges for his Hoax of hate crimes.
Ordering a Chinese the night after a heap of pink gin and regrets 
(Bloomberg) --Wuhan, the Chinese city where coronavirus outbreak is centered, further tightened its already-strict quarantine on residents, and Egypt confirmed its first infected patient. China’s Hubei province reported 2,420 additional cases The number of deaths rose to 1,457.
Pond Heron(non-breeding) probably Chinese that was hanging out in the stream near were I took lunch on my last visit to Tat Mok NP. They ought to be showing signs of breeding colours about now. 
the biggest hero in recent memory was the Chinese grandma who used a bunch of filters to make herself look like an e-babe and made tons of cash on her gaming stream.
Ming Yang is a permanent resident of Canada (15 years) & hasn't visited China in six months. She currently cannot board a Norwegian Cruise Line vessel because she holds a Chinese passport. A Canadian passport holder -- in her exact situation -- would be allowed to board the ship.  …
This is why allowing  to do business in western markets is not only anti-market, it also enables widespread surveillance. Bring back COCOM.   …
At the request of many people, we have added back a breakdown of the Chinese provinces which are most affected by coronavirus  
“Do you think that the world knows everything that the Chinese government knows about this outbreak?” asks @jaketapper about the coronavirus. “Probably not,” says Rebecca Katz, director of the Georgetown Center for Global Health Science and Security.  
Man, Bloomberg, I just don’t get the appeal. Conservative racialized  with liberal nanny-statism and shilling out to  It’s like the Neapolitan ice cream of bootlicking, and I say that as someone who’s neither a leftist or libertarian.
BREAKING: #OWL2020 moves cancelled Chinese matches to South Korea due to Coronavirus. 
RECODE: Also does not discuss: - tech the Chinese are using to fight virus - hardware implications of supply chain disruption - what biotech is doing: antivirals, vaccines, diagnostics This obvious omission was *also* predicted in advance!  …
RECODE: Calls tech "terrified" and "paranoid" CONTEXT: Omits in-depth discussion of: - Sheer scale of Chinese quarantine - Hospitalization & fatality rates - Contagiousness estimates - 100X growth in non-China cases across 25+ countries - Confirmed transmission at conferences 
RECODE: Implies flu is a "greater threat" CONTEXT: Omits - Columbia's Ian Lipkin: "I reject that soundly" - 100X increase in Chinese cases in 3 weeks [JHU] - 100X increase in *non*-Chinese cases in 3 weeks [JHU] - Again, pandemic threat is based on math of tail risk 
Chinese Propaganda Attempts to Blame the US for Coronavirus  …
61.7k upvotes on Reddit for a couple of making fun of the Coronavirus situation. Reddit’s hate of Chinese people just has no bounds. 
I’ve seen a lot of racist BS about people refusing to go to Chinese restaurants because of the Coronavirus, so now is probably a great time to support your local Chinese eateries. I will be stuffing my face with Wojia and Shan Dong as soon as I get back to the states.
Chinese woman who intruded at Mar-a-Lago sentenced to six months  
I'm hearing, from a chinese source, that the #coronavirus is much bigger than what is being disclosed to the world by the Chinese. #auspol
Is the DEEP STATE & China influences within YOUR own State Government? @SecPompeo warns governors of Chinese infiltration into US: 'It's happening in your state'  … “You know who you are that sold out to China, & I know who you are. I have the List.” 
something amazingly fits a rough description for the current corona v in Canada from october and around that time a bunch of Chinese nationals who worked there were escorted off the level 4 bio lab also a Chinese was detained for trying to smuggle bio material out of canada
There is more info about this university here (in Chinese): 
Thailand and Cambodia, who depend on Chinese tourism, have declared solidarity with China—and imposed no travel ban 
On opium & tea: "The Chinese mind had to be dulled so the English mind could be sharpened." You truly have a way with words @michaelpollan. Listen to the latest interview about the audiobook Caffeine, now available on @audible.  …
A second Chinese citizen journalist has disappeared in Wuhan as authorities tighten control of information about the coronavirus outbreak. 
Chinese medic in hazmat suit teaches coronavirus patients martial arts to keep them active during quarantine 
Anyone going out for Chinese food this Valentine's day.
Chinese buyers accounted for roughly 40% of the 281 billion euros, or $305 billion, spent on luxury goods globally last year. Then coronavirus-related travel restrictions hit. 
The level of discrimination towards (perceived) Chinese and Asian-Americans on the subway is absolutely appalling. People covering their face. Walking to the other side. Not giving space to sit down. Don’t ever let NYC ever convince you it’s “post racial”.
Russian Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Maria Zakharova expressed in Chinese her country's support and blessing to China and its people. 
Distressing video! Shared at the request of Chinese activists. A worker of Tianjin warehouse hits the cat that is hanging from the neck because "it ate the cat food"! Both the abuser & the person who filmed are guilty of this atrocity. #China desperately needs 
In many ways, the best Chinese business schools look a lot their Western rivals—but they are growing more distinct 
This @GEETFO staff is still smiling in our #RedForEd because we know we have public support. Hoy’s Chinese Cuisine of Simcoe offered a Teachers’ Special each day of the #ETFOstrike. It really warmed us up after day 5 of picketing to have some #Solidarity Soup 
China did build 35,000km of high speed railway in a decade (accounting for 2/3 of the world’s entire network) - but aside from the obvious labour and rule of law issues Chinese lines are quite different to HS2 - none of this tunnelling under Chilterns, it just runs on viaducts  …
Known unknowns about Coronavirus:  Chinese data •Flaws in a key medical test •Lack of global antibody data •Virus incubation period (now re-estimated to be 24 days) More in  …
Huawei is a powerful tool of the Chinese state to expand its influence, prosperity, & surveillance capabilities. Yes, Huawei devices  infrastructure will siphon your info. No, Huawei will not protect your data. It will  China's property. Do not buy Huawei devices.
Seeing a lot of chatter about Huawei & its alleged ties to the Chinese govt. Let me make this very clear: Huawei's ultimate goal is the advancement of China. There is no distinction btwn Huawei & China.  & US allies have no business getting into business w/ Huawei.
Waiting on my Chinese Food delivery! I ordered Sweet and Spicy Vegan soup without MSG or Coronavirus 
If East Asian privilege doesn’t exist, then why is it that out of the Asian farmer workers in plantation era Hawaii (Chinese, Japanese, Filipino), Chinese and Japanese are at the top of the Hawaii’s socioeconomic ladder now while Filipinos remain at the bottom  …
Big step in #tradewar: #China and the #US officially cut #tariffs on each other’s goods on Fri for the first time in nearly two years; however, Chinese experts say the #coronavirus epidemic and the US crackdown on #huawei will delay phase two talks.  
At least 1,716 health workers in China have been infected with the new coronavirus, or COVID-19, Chinese officials say. Six have died from it. 
me chinese, me really fkn tired of your coronavirus-related racism. asian people do not inherently have it but we do all look really fire in the face masks bc hypebeast culture
The Race Discrimination Commissioner says he doesn’t have enough funding to push back against the rise of anti-Chinese and anti-Muslim sentiment.  …
it's been two weeks since i wrote that it's racist and dehumanizing to say chinese people deserve to die from the novel coronavirus because of what they eat, and i continue to get angry emails and messages from people who somehow think that's still up for debate
What's Chinese for 'Screw You'?  …
Taxi driver diagnosed with coronavirus after driving Chinese tourists 
Chinese health officials have revealed for the first time the number of frontline workers who have been infected by the novel coronavirus. 
Its time for the Chinese People to stand up against the CCP Bolsheviks. No Coronavirus outbreak justifies inhumane treatment like this. Rise up dear Chinese People and send  straight to hell.
"…only greater fools are blind to the potential for this uprising to extend to Apple and the rest of Corporate America's greedy exploiters who've been delighted to profit from the protection of the [Chinese Communist Party]."  …
White people: ‘Chinese people are filthy, unhygienic virus spreaders.’ Also white people:  touch my piss hands.’  …
According to the Washington Post,  is heavily invested in China  the Chinese government, even if that means turning a blind eye to its realities. This closeness reveals a huge weakness in his bid to be president of the USA". #Trump2020 
Chinese experts said that there may be a surge on #COVID19 confirmed recently as more cities outside #Wuhan in Hubei include clinically diagnosed cases and medical staff may face more pressure.  
CHINESE & VIETNAMESE citizens arrested illegally entering the USA through southern border. @TomCottonAR We need our military deployed to the border! Anyone sick will want to get into the USA for best medical care. #Coronavius #CoronavirusOutbreak #pandemic #china 
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi says the U.S. travel ban amid the coronavirus outbreak makes it difficult for China to implement the phase-one trade deal between the two countries, Reuters reports.  …
. @justinbieber makes donation to Chinese charity as coronavirus continues to spread 
CA's CalPERS CIO Yu Ben Meng is a graduate of something @FBI calls "a non-traditional espionage" program, and he's quoted in a Chinese-language newspaper saying he has "roots in China" and feels a sense of "honor and responsibility" to "serve the motherland." 
A Chinese woman who was acquitted of trespassing at President Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort was sentenced to six months in prison for resisting an officer during the incident in December. 
Now that IPL is declared a Chinese copy, Pakistanis have every right to copy from it like any other Chinese product. Infact they're already doing it. Here's how PSL copied decade old IPL Virgin Mobile ads scene by scene! #Cricket  
Stuck between wanting to dress up and go out to eat vs stay home with Thai or Chinese take out
Lawsuits against sanctuary cities RICO against Huawei Crackdown on Chinese espionage Shakeups in DC US Attys office + review of Flynn case + Stone case 70 NSC positions eliminated + Vindmans + Sondland Despite all this naysayers will say nothing's happening. But  
Being Chinese- or Asian-American does not make you more likely to carry the #coronavirus. Recent and prolonged travel to impacted areas does. The risk of spread in  is low - and prejudice does not  …
Even the Wash Post says: “Bloomberg’s business in China could create unprecedented entanglements if he is elected” He is literally COLLUDING with the Chinese govt. on his business dealings. Will be a problem for Democrats: #bloomberg  …
“In my next book, set on the Titanic and centered around the eight Chinese men passengers that history forgot, I get to focus more on the guys.” @staceyleeauthor via @BookRiot  …
UK Prime Minister @BorisJohnson needs to rethink his recent decision to allow #Huawei,  known for assisting with Chinese espionage efforts, to build critical tech infrastructure for their country. Check out my latest in 
Nancy Pelosi has warned European countries they will ‘choose autocracy over democracy’ if they let Huawei take part in rolling out 5G technology, in a sign of the bipartisan US political pressure over the  
Love on the Silk Road #ValentinesDay depicted on the sarcophagus of a Sogdian couple from Central Asia L: Getting married in NW China. R: Embarking on their journey from NW China to Chang'an in Chinese heartland. Husband died in 579 at the age of 86, wife died a few months later 
Chinese see red at the Red Cross over Wuhan outbreak  
Chris and Steph make the popular Youtube series "Chinese Cooking Demystified," so when the markets & stores closed and they were quarantined to their apartment, their pantry was already pretty well stocked for a lockdown  …
ASMR: You are on a Valentine date with Kathy Zhu. For the past 15 minutes you've been rambling about politics. As she loses interest she fails to notice that portions of her meal are escaping. You ignore it and begin to wonder if it's true that Chinese women have sideways vaginas 
Tackling #coronavirus using drone technology! Brendan Schulman @dronelaws from China tech firm @DJIGlobal discusses #drone use to disinfect 1000+ Chinese counties amid the outbreak, regulating drone technology & protecting data and content. 
Trump's daughter works at the WH Her husband works at the WH Rudy's son works at the WH Barr's son in law works at the WH Barr's daughter works at Treasury Trumps sons do foreign business His daughter is getting Chinese patents and Saudi grants THE GANGS ALL HERE 
Using mind-bending visual effects, this Chinese man can turn anything into a 'magic' trick. 
#Coronavirus outbreak: Everyone returning to Beijing must self-isolate for two weeks or face punishment, Chinese state media reports 
The Chinese Communist Party has a strategic plan to make sure there is no place on earth where its voice isn’t heard. The plan envisions a future where it’s voice drowns out and silences all others. Finally, there’s own one voice left. The CCP calls this narrative dominance.  …
And I don’t mean that lightly. Amazons selling system has been so broken down that asking whether it has been weaponized by Chinese infiltrators to destroy american manufacturing is now a perfectly valid theory on why Amazons selling system is so broken...
As we watch Chinese FP today, it's useful to remember why the US was able to take Hawaii--US business interests co-opted the Hawaiian monarchy, started informal settler colonialism, and declared a sphere of influence to block Japan and the UK. Flag then followed trade
@BorisJohnson In 1979 there were four fully owned British Bus Companies. They were sold off by that great patriot, Margaret "Buy British" Thatcher. Today, there are three UK bus manufacturers. They are owned by Canadian, Chinese and Irish Companies.
Subsidized shipping directly from china to US customers at a loss. This also allowed chinese manufacturers to avoid the establishing a “nexus” in the states as the product wasn’t even warehouses in the states. Imagine being an american manufacturer and having to pay...
Egypt has recorded the first case of Coronavirus in mainland Africa. Back here in Kenya, the government is  the Chinese without quarantining them for the  two weeks saying that they will quarantine themselves. Who bewitched us? @MOH_Kenya
"Early lessons from the frontline of the 2019-nCoV outbreak" published on Lancet  … BTW, The Chinese translation of this article has been taken down on most Chinese sites. Let's see are we learning anything
A Chinese woman who was acquitted of trespassing at President Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort was sentenced to six months in prison for resisting an officer during the incident in December. 
The UK was a net contributor, Kevin. Every Euro spent by the EU on the UK was UK money being returned to us. And, we didn't even have a say on where / how it would be spent. As far as living or learning in the EU is concerned: we can do that anyway. Just like Americans & Chinese!  …
I apologize for getting so personal It’s what I do It’s what we do I’m always probing. I must know more What color r the walls in your living room?? Do you like Chinese food?? Do bugs bug you?? If u see a bug do u go into attack mode?? What say U my peeps
As Chinese proverb warned about perils of getting whatever you earnestly wish for i.e. Congress Mukt Bharat.  …
GOP senator offers bill to restrict US sales to Chinese tech giant Huawei  
MASSES OF AMERICANS’ DATA STOLEN BY CHINESE MILITARY, U.S. SAYS  
UPDATE: Wuhan has tightened its quarantine on its citizens. Residents of the Chinese city where the outbreak is centered must now stay home, except to provide key city service or receive care 
Given the Chinese government's track record of suppressing information, should we be taking its coronavirus numbers at face value? 
Evergreen - Depopulation - Coronavirus Hillary Clinton, in 2014, played the NUMBER ONE role in allowing Chinese vaccine manufacturers  bypass US vaccine testing requirements  …
Annie’s post pruning reward 31 years ago was a Chinese takeaway. Then in 2008 we had the celebration in China! Since , it’s been the ⁦ @Rick_Stein⁩ Stein ⁦ @TheSeafood⁩ and food and service were brilliant. 
In case you missed it: Chinese “students” i.e., spies, caught at Logan Airport, trying to smuggle 21 vials of biological samples to China. Chair of Harvard Chem & Bio Chem Dept busted in coverup w/China  …
‘Anti-epidemic masks as we know them today were invented in China more than a century ago, during the Chinese state’s first effort to contain an epidemic by biomedical means... Some wearers would first stamp them with a seal from a temple’  …
Oh dear! What does he think we're going to do when the Americans, the Chinese, the Japanese, Canadians and Australians insist we accept their rules! Ah, I forgot, we're British so we don't have to follow anyone's rules do we!
Chinese woman dons an inflated giraffe costume to hospital as a way to protect her from coronavirus 
The transmission station has now  for the 800 Chinese buses that will run on solar energy. Madin Diab, the director of the Syrian Investment Agency, stated that the buses are expected to run and activate their lines during this current year.  
Mao is also an expert in killing Chinese people 
Goldman Sachs estimates "peak" loss in Chinese #oil demand due to coronavirus at ~4m b/d. Wall Street bank cuts global demand growth forecast for 2020 to 600,000 b/d, down from pre-crisis forecast of 1.1m b/d growth "assuming gradual recovery" | 
DAP have so far ruined the country..DAP driven policies have devided our society..its DAP that cause hatred n fear..its DAP that angered the malays n muslim..Its DAP giving problem your  STATUTE ARE DAP DRIVEN...NO DAP...NO PROBLEM ma!!  …
Who knew! We thought #JoeChina did quite a number when he pulled $1.5B for his son #HunterBiden on Airforce Two—but That  to @MikeBloomberg’s cut from $150 Billion! & #Bloomberg2020 hosting #Chinese Commie elite in his own home kitchen! What a crooked cabal @DNC 
A second Chinese citizen journalist has disappeared in Wuhan as authorities tighten control of information about the coronavirus outbreak. 
Am I gonna catch the Coronavirus? Y are people dying? Is  here? Should I wear a mask? Can I still eat Chinese food? I’m sacred =some of the things that ya kids might b saying. Tune into @bbc5live tomo at 8:10am & Ill suggest how we can talk 2our kids about Covid-19
Chinese netizens are now talking with morse code to avoid censorship... The last pic after decoded: (we want) freedom of press and freedom of speech, end the one-party dictatorship It's really creative but also pathetic...  …
I fully agree that some discussions really erase chinese and korean suffering esp. their suffering under US imperialism. but it’s not fiction that they do hold certain privileges as east asian. it’s more than obvious that privilege depends on class, gender, etc.  …
Chinese couples are sending each other 'bouquets' of masks and other essentials to celebrate Valentine's Day as the coronavirus outbreak continues  …
Also it feels like we just skimmed over the "Chinese app with weird anti-privacy wording in their guidelines" part.
“The coronavirus clearly presents a risk to the global economy…The Chinese economy is four times greater than it was during the SARS outbreak and China has established itself as the most critical link in the global supply chain.” @CNBC @QuillIntel —  …
We value accurate reporting so we removed the video of armed Chinese police entering a residential neighborhood because of some unrelated footage it contained. The local churches in #Wuhan value our reporting and asked us to call for #Prayer! Thank you for sharing this!
Southampton sponsor (Chinese firm LD Sports) will use centre circle flag + perimeter advertising boards at Burnley game to display messages of support for #Coronavirus fight. Outbreak has so far not impacted #SaintsFC owner Gao Jisheng (in Macau) or club operations @TheAthleticUK
Sincere thanks to Austrian government & people for your precious solidarity & support for Chinese government & people in the fight against #COVID19. Together, we are strong! @sebastiankurz @MFA_Austria  …
Each cell phone represents a dead #coronaviruschina victim. May god bless their souls. Those phones are cursed and only belong to the Victims of Chinese Communist Memorial Museum one day. I can see the light at the end of this drop dead virus tunnel!  …
Look at all the replies below. Taiwanese strongly oppose the repatriation of Chinese nationals with Taiwanese kin. We categorically resent any emotional blackmail trying to manipulate TW into overwhelming our precious medical resources, something Xi would be delighted to see  …
Chinese oil demand may have fallen as much 4 million barrels per day (bpd) as a result of the coronavirus outbreak in China, Hubei Province and has spread globally, Goldman Sachs warns. 
chinese-american writers be like "In Chinese, 'ma' is the word for 'mother' but also 'horse'. That was my mother to me. A wild horse, shackled by her unhappy marriage......."
Canada's railway has also played such a major role in Chinese-Indigenous relations. It's both a history  in colonialism/displacement + solidarity, as Chinese rail workers left to die were taken in by First Nations #ShutCanadaDown  …
VIDEO: #China  videos from China showing disinfectants being sprayed in Chinese cities. Some videos are few days old while some are new. #Coronavirus #coronaoutbreak 
The Cooncil Melt fae a Glesgae cafe is top notch scran. Turkey dinosaurs, tattie smiles, chicken dippers, curry sauce, cheese and Chinese 5-spice. 
Soviet-Chinese friendship poster, 1950s 
Chinese husband escorts his doctor wife to work by driving behind her to ensure he doesn’t catch coronavirus from her 
Some Chinese medical workers have scrambled to buy protective gear with their own money, begged from friends, or relied on donations from other parts of China and abroad. 
The Eyes of Darkness, a 1981 thriller by Dean Koontz, tells of a Chinese military lab that creates a virus as part of its biological weapons programme. The lab is located in Wuhan, which lends the virus its name, Wuhan-400. A coincidence or a case of writer as unwitting prophet?
A virus called Wuhan-400 makes people terribly ill … in a Dean Koontz thriller from 1981. How is it that some books appear to prophesy events? The Eyes of Darkness features a Chinese military lab in Wuhan that creates a virus as a bioweapon  …
#China 2020: Chinese people who do not wear a mask against the deadly #coronavirus (possibly also dissidents) are publicly guided through the city on a rope to take them to a prison. #WuhanCoronavius #COVID19 #nCoV201 
#EUA @eurasiamining @proactive_UK “Monchetundra’s high palladium content has attracted a lot of attention, including a Chinese joint venture partner which the speculation says may now be on the cusp of making an offer.”  …
While UK airlines have cancelled #China flights in an attempt to avoid worsening the coronavirus outbreak, Chinese airlines continue to operate flights to Britain — (including to largest gateway, London Heathrow). 
Why are Whyt leftists obsessed with this tool of European Bourgeois revolution  sidestep the Cuban, Chinese, Russian and Haitian ones? Why are the latter demonized when they were throwing off the shackles of colonialism and slavery that the first were fine with?  …
The Chinese government today reported that as of midnight on 11 February, a total of 1716 medical workers had been infected by covid-19, and six had died. These cases remind us of the risks that healthcare workers face, says Min Zhang 
The #Coronavirus outbreak, mapped with latest data. The EU has helped repatriate 447 hundreds of EU citizens from Wuhan, delivered 12 tonnes of personal protective equipment to the Chinese authorities, and earmarked €10 million for research into vaccines. 
Tomorrow is #WorldPangolinDay...this is a mammal with a great sense of timing Scientists say the pangolin endangered by Chinese smuggling passed the coronavirus to humans 
Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon says he'll go to China to attract more tourists. Meanwhile, South Korean citizens & Korean Medical Association plea for entry ban of Chinese visitors.  …
"I believe in China! The Chinese people are a miracle nation." An Algerian tells about his life in Ningxia, China amid the #coronavirus outbreak. 
Chinese at it again: Corrected death toll in Corona virus by Reducing it by 108--over period they will bring it to Sibal-- Shameless dictators and benign world media/ldrs--My hunch is it will impact Chinese Economy very very badly:) RT
1st 2 Chinese people/ #coronaviruschina victim families. 's drop dead virus coverup has already killed more Chinese people (1,383) than the 2002-2003 #SARS epidemic (813). But no1 believesofficial death toll. Those cell phones are from 1 Wuhan crematory. Ultimately 2 God (天).  
Love this breakdown by @zhoyoyo that shows how the Chinese government has tried to control the narrative around coronavirus—and also how it has failed to do so. 
now is the 15th in China Serious talk Wang yibo 2 SEASON OPENER covers sold 1.53+ million copies exceeded 38.3 million Chinese yuan, broke all kinds of physical mag sales record and for the first time UPLIFTS THE INDUSTRY TO the level of 20 million+ for a single issue 
This is an example of large scale misinfo, and something that the @AltNews team took many hours to debunk. Just because Chinese state indulges in disinfo campaigns does not mean that misinformation which targets them shouldn't be fact-checked, as it creates panic in citizens. 2/3
. @SenTomCotton: Problem here is not with the Chinese people; they're the first and worst victims of the Communist government The problem here is with the #CCP. They need to be transparent, open #Wuhan for necessary & immediate research Listen & watch 
Yuehua Terminates Contract With Chinese Trainee After His Arrest For Fraud Over Face Masks  
ICYMI: The U.S. Government is adding charges of racketeering conspiracy against Chinese telecom giant Huawei, in addition to previous charges of fraud.  
Importing from China help tons of people skyrocket their business; And I’m sure you can benefit from it and boom your business with the big Chinese manufacturing market... This MasterClass is for you Start that Side hustle today, no more Procastination.... Pls RT 
Similarly, the effect of what happens in China on the US and other advanced economies is not the conventional effect of lower Chinese demand and thus lower exports. It is there, but it is small. The problem is the disruption of supply chains, which can be much larger.
What Chinese authorities can do however is to provide liquidity to firms which cannot produce or sell and are running out of funds. Otherwise, the damage could be much worse.
The Chinese have their coof camps over here we call them burger barns.  …
Coronavirus coincided with Chinese New Year, and the return of hundreds of people to the UK from seeing their family in China. Where do you see racism in someone cancelling a table at the New Ying Wok, until this outbreak is over? Didn't you learn from your crushing defeat?  …
What do you get when  Payed off politicians, Big Pharma, and shady Chinese manufacturing? Modern Medicine Coronavirus Exposes China's Monopoly on U.S. Drug, Medical Supplies  via @BreitbartNews
The fact that CalPERS (California pensions) & the US Thrift Savings Plan (US military pensions) are allowed to invest in Chinese military (including yes, as @RepJimBanks notes, its navy) &  an obvious national security issue, continues to boggle my  …
#HongKongFilmAwards announced the nominations for its  39th edition. Chinese movie “Better Days” is leading the pack with 12 nominations, including best film, best director, best screenplay, and best actress and actor nods for Zhou Dongyu and #JacksonYee. Cr. 
While there are 100s of videos of atrocities done by the Chinese govt in the wake of the Coronavirus outbreak, this fact checker has invested its efforts in proving a tweet by Kangana Ranaut's sis wrong. Proving China ain't all that bad. Kaafi free time :)  …
Ambassador of #Cuba to #China @cmphcuba highlights the exemplary response of Cuban personnel to the #coronavirus outbreak in the Asian country and highlights the Chinese government's measures to contain its spread. #CubaConChina #FuerzaChina  
"You can do it, China!" Kids from across Latin America are showing their support for Chinese people as they battle #coronavirus! Young people from the region are creating drawings to show their solidarity with 
Hundreds gathered earlier this evening at Lai Chi Kok Reception Centre to show solidarity with the 80-some protesters remanded in custody there. Similar gatherings were held on Christmas & Chinese New Year. Our freedom fighters are not forgotten. 
When the Chinese Government said there was nothing to worry about a month ago, I said, “oh , we’d better start worrying!” Did you know 97% of antibiotics and 80% of our pharmaceutical   China. Thanks globalist 
Using mind-bending visual effects, this Chinese man can turn anything into a 'magic' trick. 
Chinese food markets decimate #wildlife populations, facilitating extreme cruelty, and, as evidenced by the recent Coronavirus outbreak, a public #healthrisk Take #action demand a ban in wildlife markets. #China #CoronavirusOutbreak #wildlifemarkets  
“Chinese Doctors Confirmed African Blood Genetic Composition Resist Coronavirus After Student Cured” many more interesting claims made here .. only read if you want to laugh till you burst! People are so creative these days !  …
BEIJING, Feb 14 (Reuters) - All people returning to the Chinese capital Beijing should quarantine themselves for 14 days to prevent the spread of the new coronavirus, the official Beijing Daily said on Friday.
Mr. Jamil Hashmi and his colleagues from National Highways and Motorway Police of Pakistan: We deeply impressed by the Chinese police fighting against the #coronavirus and want to express our most sincere respects to them. @NHMPofficial @MFA_China @SpokespersonCHN 
#BREAKING: Anyone returning to Beijing has to be quarantined and kept under surveillance for 14 days due to the worsening #coronavirus outbreak in mainland China, says Chinese state paper Beijing Daily. So far, it is the most stringent measure applied in China’s capital. 
Justin Bieber Donates to Chinese Charity for Coronavirus: 'We Need to Be There For Each Other' 
Chinese and Brazilian Bieber stans go hard jsksjs everyone should take notes
The government has given the green light for a  to take millions of litres Australian water every year for the next 90 years.  …
The US government has charged Huawei with racketeering and conspiracy to steal trade secrets, according to a superseding indictment unsealed Thursday. A third charge alleges that the Chinese tech giant engaged in wire fraud to steal intellectual property. 
America should not do the bidding of the Chinese Communist Party in forcing service members and diplomats of free, democratic governments to hide their flag or discard their uniforms.
Crazy idea: we let people do Valentine's Day the way they want to. Ignore it? Cool! Order Chinese takeout and chill? Nice! Get alllll kinds of cheesy romantic cause that's their jam? Rock on! Then let's accept it doesn't define them as love haters, losers or fake. Deal?
Exercise is wise! Some Chinese people make the most of their time while staying at isolation points. #coronavirus 
Pastor #WangYi’s harsh 9 yr sentence is another example of the #PRC's attacks on independent thinkers & people of faith.Yi was critical of govt policies restricting the freedoms of 500 million Chinese religious believers.He should be released immediately. 
#China's millennia of history has been scared by absolute rulers making disastrous mistakes. That, unfortunately, is occurring now with #XiJinping. As a result of his horrible rule, the Chinese people are suffering. #coronavirus #COVIDー19
Shocking 1,716 Chinese medical staff infected with the deadly virus #coronavirus  …
#Chinese are claiming cause of death in most #coronavirus cases is FUNGAL INFECTION IN LUNGS! Translation: virus may be causing some sort of auto immune deficiency. (This is what kills HIV patients, the AutoImmune Deficiency aka AIDS)  …
It’s “apocalyptic,” Shanghai-based photographer Nicoco says about the desolate Chinese streets amid the coronavirus outbreak. Our special report airs tonight at 7 p.m. ET.  
Chinese famous food that spread disease all around the world ! Fake food, corrupt food, infected food, unbearable stink, unhealthy materials, mixed with all bad things! #food #chinesefood #virus #chinavirus #WuhanVirus #coronovirues #uighurnews #chinanews 
Chinese don't accept McMohan line which was agreed border between India n Tibet. They claim whole of AP n also Leh/Ladakh  …
Four different clips were merged to propagate the false claim that the Chinese police are shooting down people affected with coronavirus. Fact-check by @thisisjignesh @zoo_bear  … via @AltNews
Chinese doctors say Wuhan coronavirus reinfection even deadlier. Instead of creating immunity the virus can reportedly reinfect an individual and hasten fatal heart attack 
#HappyValentinesDay! I know some how, some where, Ty and Tandy are sharing a box of chinese food in a hotel room watching movies, and that’s how they spend their valentines day. 
[FCB] | FC Barcelona will show support for the Chinese people affected by the coronavirus crisis before game against Getafe. 
CalPERS refutes Chinese influence claims  @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
Local Chinese are very creative when running out of protection suits ... fighting the #COVID2019 can be hilariously hard 
The Chinese consumer sentiment for Feb fell off the cliff and was reported 59.9% vs.70.2% in Jan. This data set was deemed to have little significance in the past, but with the Chinese economy transforming slowly to a more consumer-driven economy, it’s worth a watch! #Krispybyte
Well, indeed it seems as though Chinese scientists were excluded from the naming process for #SARSCoV2. A different name was suggested last week in a Chinese journal due to concerns that a SARS name could be stigmatizing. That was evidently not considered.  …
Chinese people are posting their gifts for #Valentine2020, a special day of love, creativity and optimism amid the fight against 
When I visited China, the authorities ALWAYS knew where we were. They made copies of our passports. QUESTION: in Kenya it was reported that a Chinese entered the country illegally and opened a restaurant illegally. He was filmed recently beating up his African worker. AFRICA?
A second Chinese citizen journalist has disappeared in Wuhan as authorities tighten control of information about the coronavirus outbreak. 
Chinese President #XiJinping on Friday urged to improve medical insurance and aid system for major diseases, stressing that ensuring the safety and health of the people is the major 
Chinese economy clobbered by coronavirus but set to recover soon: @Reuters poll  
1,700 Chinese health workers infected with Coronavirus 
Prayers for salvation from the coronavirus will be held in Blagoveshchensk in Russian and Chinese every Sunday Russia in any unclear situation: 
"Look at them there, aren't they great? The Chinese; a great bunch of lads."  …
A Chinese health official says more than 1,700 medical workers have been infected by the new virus and six have died. China also is reporting another sizable rise in the total number of people sickened by the virus, which has killed nearly 1,400 people. 
Thailand weighs visa-free policy for Chinese travelers — but only after coronavirus eases 
The Arab-Swiss Engineering Company, “ASEC Cement”, is preparing to  the work to build a cement factory in Syria. It will have a production capacity of 1.5 million tons annually, and  is planning to have a  supply the production line. 
Chinese fans have already surpassed 100,000 pre-orders for ‘NEO ZONE’.
Vietnam says monitoring over 5,000 Chinese workers for coronavirus  
BREAKING NEWS! #CoronaVirusUpdate The Communist Chinese Ambassador refused to answer if the #CoronaVirus was developed in a biological weapons factory. ALL Leftists are LIARS, so we must hold these Communists Accountable! Via 
If the #AlKhalid is #Pakistani then the #T90 is #Indian. Fact is this is the Chinese NORINCO Type 962M Also called MBT 2000 . Avadi makes the hull of T90 from Armor grade steel made in India from iron ore & coal mined here. Even the Steel for AlKhalid is imported .  …
Chinese Takeout-Style Tofu And Broccoli 
chinese fans are the best #CHANGESOUTNOW 
Healthcare workers are on the front lines, some are paying for it. “Chinese authorities also announced that 1,716 health workers had been infected as of 11 February. Six had died.  …
“They all wanted badly to survive, gripping our doctors’ hands and imploring them not to abandon them. But without the right equipment, we could only watch helplessly as the life drained out of them,” Chinese ICU doctor Huang Xiaobo recounts.  …
You never know. Maybe the coronavirus outbreak is what's going to bring down the Chinese Bolshevik system.
200214 Harper’s Bazaar Film Update #XiaoZhan #XiaoZhan and Mythical Animals in the same frame#* The Mythical animail in this shooting is “ChaoFeng”(嘲风). It’s the third son of dragon in ancient Chinese myths and legend. thx Photographer ChenMan 
#coronavirus Chinese billionaire in exile Guo Wengui, citing information leaked by #Wuhan , estimates in 1.5 million infected Chinese and around 50,000 deceased and crematory ovens operating 24h / 24h.  …
Sec Locsin said  it is time to grow up (referring to VFA CANCELLATION) then the Chinese lobbied to ban and they banned them. Time to grow up this is what they really mean do not upset the Chinese
In a dark irony, most of the world’s face masks—now ubiquitous in China as a precaution—are made in China and Taiwan, and even for those made elsewhere,  parts are Chinese-sourced. >U.S. hospitals are “critically low” on respiratory masks  
Quarantined Chinese #coronavirus patients in hazmat suits 'stay fit and positive' with group dance 
The coronavirus outbreak in China is growing by thousands of case a day, while the CDC says 15 people in the U.S. have now contracted the illness. This morning, Chinese officials say they've confirmed around 64,000 people have gotten sick and roughly 1,400 have died. 
FORGIVE ME FOR TRANSLATING THIS! A Chinese man in Africa, gathered these beautiful children asking them to repeat I am black ghost, I am stupid! On the blackboard, Black Ghost, Low Intellegence! UNACCEPTABLE! #Aftica #Discrimination #Racism 
#China knew about the severity of the #coronavirus outbreak when it sent its officials to the White House on January 15 to sign the Phase One #trade deal. Did the Chinese before the signing ceremony tell Prez #Trump he might get infected?
The Chinese had the most bitter Valentine's Day. Almost everybody stays at home to avoid date with the coronavirus. No rose, no fancy dinner. Damn COVID-19. Get over soon. 
#Thread: A viral video claimed that the Chinese government is killing patients infected with #Coronavirus. BOOM found that they are three unrelated clips edited and clubbed together to make the false claim. #CoronaVirusFacts #FakeNews  …
The Chinese government is sending coronavirus patients "to makeshift medical facilities that don’t provide the support they need to recover. With little to no dedicated medical staff on hand to help, some patients die."  
We spoke to some British children of Chinese heritage to hear about how they're having to deal with bullying and racism over 
The story behind the Chinese research scientist and her connections to the level 4 lab in Wuhan where research on bioweapons continues! Her expulsion from a Canadian lab! Is the outbreak intentional?  …
The U.S. accuses Huawei of racketeering and stealing trade secrets. The new indictment opens another front in the Trump administration’s battle against the Chinese telecom giant. 
Chinatown is a GHOST Town: Coronavirus panic leaves London's Chinese district almost empty after first confirmed ... 
English and Chinese subtitles are available now for Death Come True. Please check this out!  …
Using mind-bending visual effects, this Chinese man can turn anything into a 'magic' trick. 
No one has dared to question the blatant theft of American intellectual property by Chinese aided by #wallstreet Finally our president is taking steps to hold China accountable. Yet #SiliconValley elites hate Trump and keep sheep  …
The political class in Canada want you to believe that the biggest threat to our nation is external. It is not the Russians, Chinese, Iranians or the weather that is destroying our country. It our own inept, puppet government we need to focus on.  …
The fictional novel tells the story of a Chinese military lab that creates a new virus to potentially use as a biological weapon during wartime. The lab is ironically located in Wuhan, China and the made-up virus is called Wuhan-400.  …
China  EU's agreement of not considering banning Chinese travelers #coronavirus  
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Friday urged an improvement in the preventive mechanism in response to major public health crises and the country's public health emergency and management system. Xi also stressed the importance to roll out a biosecurity law as soon as possible. 
31st President of the United States of America, Herbert Hoover and his wife, Lou, spoke Chinese to each other in the White House so that people would not overhear them. 
Thread: I've seen a lot  from people thinking Coronavirus in China might be a bio weapon test or something to that effect. I'm sure it's not. It would be too risky for the government to attempt such a thing due to Chinese Political Culture (CPC).
#Latest A total of 1,716 medical workers had been infected by the novel #coronavirus as of Tuesday  3.8% of the total infections on the Chinese mainland. Six of them had died, accounting for 0.4% of the total fatalities, a senior health official said. 
If you don’t want to get a whiff of fine Chinese food, then it’s probably a good idea to steer clear of purchasing a house next to a Chinese restaurant your Honour! Ridiculous. Backing the owners of the Summer Palace in Llandaff all the way.  …
Solo lunches and masks: Chinese returning to work grapple with coronavirus  
Researchers announce extinction of the Chinese paddlefish:  …
[wayv weibo SHT] a chinese wayzenni suggests label v to learn from 127, print in korea lower the cost n taxes to increase sales (which means to ship from Korea) Bc she saw 127 album is only around 72 rmb (10usd incl shipping) but wayV album is 170rmb (25usd) 
CAPTURED: #TalaChallenge and Sarah Geronimo got featured in a Chinese language website for it's popularity. Source:  … Ctto Harold 
Given the Chinese government's track record of suppressing information, should we be taking its coronavirus numbers at face value? 
Journal of Chinese Linguistics  
Anyone who thought they will do something else, need to take this opputunity to learn Demand is one thing, consumption is another #Coronavirus @Big_Orrin Chinese Refiners Go on Buying Spree as Oil Too Cheap to Ignore  …
#China in #Africa African Children taught to say in Chinese Mandarin: “I am a black monster. I have a low IQ.” 
The Chinese government has NOT been honest at all about coronavirus The Chinese Communist Party is creating a global health epidemic bc they have lied, because they have not addressed this head on, and they weren't prepared. Who would've thought? . 
Our cuisine is mostly made up of food from other cultures and we’re just fine with that: Indian, Chinese, Thai, Lebonese, Turkish, etc…
Does ANYBODY believe a word  Chinese Government says on  …
Newlywed Chinese-Australian couples are being separated as the government enforces the China travel ban, despite public assurances that spouses would be exempted.  …
A Chinese sailor is participating in the Clipper Round the World race. She sailed from Australia on 20 January. 3 weeks later she arrived in the Philippines. Connected to the internet... “4000 nautical miles on the sea is like 4000 years on the land this time" 
It's, frankly, shocking that this needs to be said> "Under no circumstances should public health or foreign policy decisions be based on the racism and xenophobia that are now being directed at Chinese people and those of Asian descent"  …
Alhamdulillah Chinese Doctors Confirmed African Blood Genetic Composition Resist Coronavirus After Student Cured. Senou is a young Cameroonian student in China recently infected with Coronavirus he was released from hospital this morning cured of the virus. 
Chinese health officials have revealed for the first time the number of frontline workers who have been infected by the novel coronavirus. 
Real 1.1m followers Very organic not Chinese people TACHA please go live on Instagram I want to sing for u #TachaOurVal #ValenTacha #TachaOurVal #ValenTacha #TachaOurVal 
98. #WuhanPneumonia: China's ambassador to the United States, Cui Tiankai, on "Face the Nation" DID NOT deny that #coronavirus could've stemmed from the Chinese military's biological warfare program; at Wuhan Virology Institute #corona RNA/protein sequences' are 
Chinese dissident Ai Weiwei on coronavirus and the rise of modern China  … via @mattfrei
#Coronavirus positives on Indian economy~ Lower crude prices– cost to produce lessen Cheaper coal– Power sector gains Cement inputs cheaper Dyes, Chemicals exports  higher price Larger exports as importers from China wary Lower Chinese imports help local manufacturers.
A second Chinese citizen journalist has disappeared in Wuhan as authorities tighten control of information about the coronavirus outbreak. 
200214 @layzhang Chinese Tiktok update; Happy Valentine’s Day 
“Big Bear” runs a Wuhan hot dry noodle stall in Queens, New York. His shop, Heat Noodles, is one of many Chinese-American businesses hit by coronavirus fears 
Oh give over please I’ll go out and buy a Chinese takeaway tonight just to prove you wrong
Thread: As #Coronavirus Spreads, #China’s Military Is Largely MIA The PLA’s anemic participation is odd given its past performance, planning, and pronouncements So much for the #Chinese military & logistical capabilities A very good read  …
200214 @layzhang Chinese Tiktok update Happy Valentines' Day #LayZhang #Yixing #张艺兴 #장이씽 #레이 #レイ #อี้ชิง 
Don't miss our AMA with @BiKiEnglish, today at 3:30 PM IST! Our VP of Marketing @chandresh1091 will be joining the BiKi Chinese WeChat group to answer questions from  regarding Matic Network and our listing on BiKi. Scan the QR code in the image to join. 
My latest blog: Disease outbreaks caused by wildlife trade are a global, not just Chinese problem. Time for a proper cost-benefit analysis of the global wildlife trade  … #COVIDｰ19 
Coronavirus panic leaves London's Chinese district almost empty 
Chinese man is jailed for one year and four months for beating up an anti-coronavirus officer 
Pulwama attack, 26/11, Samjhauta blast all matricuously planned by Italian looteri with full support of ISI, pakistani and Chinese establishment. All these pland were for destruction of Hinduism and India. Fortunately Modi and Shah know how to deal this destructive lady terrorist  …
Over the last few weeks I've seen so much in Chinese media about the efforts of locals in Wuhan who have stepped up at great personal risk to help during the epidemic -- this is a small attempt to document that  …
Critical Now HARRIS COUNTY ANIMAL SHELTER HOUSTON #TEXAS Could Be Killed TODAY Pls Share! #Adopt #Foster #Rescue #Pledge MAX #A550225HW- Chinese Sharpei mix. (M) 1yr 3mths. Sweet & friendly boy.  …  
 builds a tunnel to spray disinfectant on staff in bid to prevent coronavirus outbreak 
A survey of Chinese businesses showed: - 10% were "on the verge of death" - 30% were planning job cuts - Another 30% said they could not pay employees on time That doesnt sound like everything is fine to me 
This is deeply concerning We need a wholesale review of the conduct of mainland Chinese students and the #CCP in British universities Our academic freedom and freedom of expression must not be hijacked #HongKong students in UK deserve  …
Happy Valentines Day! The wait is finally over! Senren＊Banka by @yuzusoft is now available in English and Chinese! You can buy the game on Steam:  … and our store:  with a 10% launch discount for the next week!
Chinese economy clobbered by coronavirus but set to recover soon: Reuters poll  
What is that even supposed to virtue-signal?! Ofc Chinese who live in Manchester are not going to have #coronavirus. Will Corbyn go to Beijing or meet someone (Chinese or not) who came to UK from Beijing/Wuhan just yesterday? I don't think so. This is all so tiresome.  …
In traditional Chinese culture, mandarin ducks symbolize eternal love and fidelity, as they are believed to be lifelong couples. We hope they will bring you sweet love on this 
It is estimated that the Chinese economy is running at 50% capacity utilisation. There WILL be global supply chain effects. That means weak data for Feb and March. Are investors positioned for that weak data? Bob Parker, Quilvest
FC Barcelona to show support for the Chinese people affected by the coronavirus crisis before game with Getafe [+]  
Another way to support Chinese Australians is to have long memories when the  of colour is targeted. Racism is a systemic problem and our struggles are bound together.
ok so i went up to hwanwoong and he went “hi!! elly chan??” then i did an x and told him i’m not japanese and he was like “oh??” i told him i’m from singapore and he started introducing himself in chinese to me??? he went “my name is yeo hwanwoong” in chinese??
Rose are red Violets are blue I hope Paul Pogba Catches Chinese flu
LONGER VERSION OF YOHAN CUTELY SPEAKING IN CHINESE he's so cuddly and so damn soft 
BREAKING The World Health Organisation release the reasons for choosing COVID-19, it stands for; Chinese Ominous Virus of Impending Doom 19 was the menu number for the Bat Soup More soon
'IG Mutyambai should round up all the Chinese citizens in Kenya without proper documentation, they are criminals' COTU chairman, Francis  on deportation of 4 Chinese nationals who were spotted abusing their employees. 
all of my Chinese best friend already have their partner omg i feel lonely af
Dude! I was just blocked by the Chinese spokesperson 
Chinese logic, when the people are all died, the problem is gone CCP uses the same way to handle everything, including quarantine the whole Wuhan city to stop 
Woke: Melbourne Chinatown is the oldest in the Southern Hemisphere, and the longest continuous Chinese settlement in the Western World. Broke: Chinese businesses now that y’all are scared to eat out at their restaurants because of Coronavirus?? Let’s support Chinese business
‘I’ve never known anything like this in my career.’ Rafa Benitez & his Chinese club are in a strange kind of limbo, preparing for a season which is already postponed because of coronavirus. ⁦ @TheAthleticUK⁩ watches a pre-season with a  …
An Afghan M.D. student at China's Southeast University, who is spending vacation back home, donate 20,000 masks to #Wuhan after going to more than 500 grocery stores in multiple cities near Kabul with his friends. Chinese netizens: "Thank you. They are more precious than gold!" 
Rafa Benitez on running a Chinese club's pre-season during the coronavirus outbreak: 'I’ve never known anything like this in my career.' | @GeorgeCaulkin  …
Almost 20% of S. Korea’s value added is embodied in Chinese final demand, for Australia it is 13% -> they are frontline in coronavirus fall out. Unicredit data via @michaellachlan  
"Every European government should recognize the need to resist the Chinese government’s attack on the international human rights system. Decades of progress on human rights are at stake. So is our future." @kenroth  
#China Real Chinese Kung Fu against authorities during #WuhanCoronavirus outbreak - Chinese authorities went to stop "illegal Mahjong playing" & have met with resistance from a middle aged man who threw a Mahjong tile at the authorities. 
Great to rock on down to the Wok On Bay Chinese Restaurant in Mt Martha. Tommy’s a great chef and we’ll be eating his special BBQ Ribs & lemon chicken. Perhaps support your local Chinese restaurant or find other ways to support our Chinese  this weekend 
Empty tourist boats at the Floating Market in Pattaya, Thailand. Pattaya is one of the main destinations for Chinese tourists but is almost deserted due to the spread of the COVID-19 #coronavirus Mladen 
#Xi's “controlocracy” during #CoronavirusOutbreak — Over past 8 years, the central leadership of #Chinese Communist Party has taken steps to bolster President #XiJinping’s personal authority & expanding #CCPChina’s own power. #維尼的新衣  …
14 Chinese people (two from Chinese mainland, 11 from Hong Kong and one from Taiwan) onboard the #DiamondPrincess cruise ship infected with #COVID19, the Chinese embassy in Japan has confirmed. 
Happy Valentine’s Day. To all Essex frauds out there, your spanking new TM Lewin suit and Gaucho reservation won’t change the fact that your date was sucking off her dealer for a .5 last weekend when she told you she was having a ‘Chinese with the girls’. Enjoy though
How Chinese doctors and nurses look. A big salute to them. May #China get free from #coronavirus... quote 
Coronavirus in Westminster: Chinese woman went to bus conference attended by 250 people  
See as much as expensive dates n gifts on Valentine’s Day don’t prove how much u love someone , either does the reverse , cunts act like u can only really be in love if u sit in in ur jammies having a Chinese on valentine day or else it’s ‘just for show’
Justin: I think we should delay the album rel- Chinese sisliebers: WHY? Him: yk...bc Coronavirus...you guys are going through some tough times, an album is the last thing- Them: that ain’t no problem, that ain’t no problem 
Not all borders are closed, so mainland Chinese  into Hong Kong possibly carrying coronavirus. Local people cannot protect themselves because face masks are almost unavailable. This is still the city's most urgent issue today.  …
Annnouncement!!!!!!! at #MensConference2020 Breaking Chinese doctors confirmed that African blood  resist Corona Virus VIVA!!!!!!???
What syphilis was initially called worldwide: 7. The Italian Disease (France) 6. The French Disease (Italy) 5. The British Disease (Tahiti) 4. The Polish Disease (Russia) 3. The German Disease (Poland) 2. The Spanish Disease (Holland) 1. The Chinese Pox (Japan) #ValentinesDay
Breaking Chinese doctors confirmed that African blood  resist Corona Virus
My local Chinese takeaway have put themselves into self imposed quarantine because one of the staff recently visited China. When they reopon in a fortnight I will be one of the first in the queue to place an order. THAT is solidarity.....not this!
In Wuhan, two good reporters have vanished. The Chinese Communist Party is a real and present danger to the public health of the world.  …
Yet it's illegal for Chinese citizens to get through the firewall to get on Twitter.
Q: What do you call a #Communist in the closet? A: A #Socialist Oh, #BernieBros! Sweden quit #Socialism in the 80’s because it DIDN’T work, & Volvo? A  YOU MOVE to Nicaragua, Cuba, Venezuela...one way ticket is cheap. Keep us posted on #Twitter We gon #KAG 
It never ceases to amaze me how enthusiastically Chinese officials are embracing Twitter while the state continues to deny the same right to the country's citizens in general  …
3. Breaking news: The increase in the number of new confirmed cases across Chinese mainland (except Hubei) fell for the 10th consecutive day, with no new high. Since February 3, the number of new confirmed cases has been 890, 731, 707, 696, 558, 509, 444, 381, 377, 311, 267.
CCP didn't lift millions of Chinese ppl out of poverty. It's not like it handed them free money. Chinese ppl lifted themselves out of poverty by working 80 hrs/wk. All the CCP did was loosening economic control. I.E. Getting out of the fucking way.  …
“When I heard  tht I could not speak Chinese, ...I asked her, in Cantonese, if her periods were regular. "That was the limited Chinese I knew to converse w my patients. She was taken aback...But she gave me the green light,” says Dr Khairuddin.  …
Ay, Tone, so you sayin' da Chinese havin' trouble disposing of bodies affected by the Corona Viriss in 2020 yet in the 1940s they were able to cremate how many bodies in what amount of time again? It just ain't addin' up! 
In the Chinese special administrative region of Macao -- the world's biggest gambling center -- the government has announced it would hand out $275 million in vouchers to help try to boost the economy during the coronavirus outbreak. 
How reliable are the coronavirus data provided by Chinese authorities and, for experts overseas, is it possible to track the outbreak’s trajectory? 
2/13 #coronavirus is awakening US to address our Perilous Dependence on Chinese Manufactured Drugs. RosemaryGibson： #ChinaRx: Exposing the Risks of America's Dependence on China for Medicine  via @YouTube
The author of this op-ed, which argues that China will curb the coronavirus outbreak because it says so, is the host of a weekly show on Chinese state-run broadcaster CGTN.  …
BFC & Business of Fashion China @BoF partner to bring the @LondonFashionWk February 2020 content to China. BFC is creating a platform to host imagery, video and press releases from #LFW accessible remotely for its Chinese trade partners and audience. 
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and his German counterpart Heiko Maas meet the press after concluding China-Germany Strategic Dialogue on Diplomacy and Security in Berlin. Wang Yi said China-EU relations face new opportunities for further growth. 
Follow the $$$How much of Bloomberg's money is tied to his relations and dealings with the Chinese Government??? Bloomberg is just another Democrat globalist/socialist SELLOUT!!! #WalkAway Better yet RUN!!! #NoToBloomberg #NoSocialism #AmericaFirst #FinishTheWall #VoteMAGA2020
Add one more ... 7. Chinese Asians seem to be far more susceptible to its deadliness "as far as I can tell, all of the confirmed cases have been of Chinese people"  …
A Chinese Christian approached me tonight and told me that Wuhan, and Hebei province, was where the Chinese government first began destroying churches and crosses, and replacing them with Chinese flags. Might be something to it:  …
Chinese singer-actor #ZhangYixing gives netizens some advice on the reuse of masks during the novel #coronavirus outbreak. Appropriate reuse is essential to ensure public health security. Check out this video. #StayStrongWuhan @yixingartista 
Anti-epidemic masks as we know them today were invented in China more than a century ago, by a Cambridge-educated Chinese doctor who realized (despite doubts of Western and Japanese experts) that a plague epidemic was airborne 
However the idea that a Chinese lab could have a viral sample escape is well-documented – as mentioned, one lab in Beijing has had four separate incidents of the SARS virus leaking out accidentally.
All of us @Cisco send our thoughts to the Chinese people during your courageous fight against the #Coronavirus. Our employees around the world are donating funds and we continue to provide our technology to help those in need. We know #China will win the fight. We are with you!
In the last couple of days Corbyn has fought for/stood in solidarity with those threatened with deportation, Julian Assange, striking Foreign Office workers, the  & more. Meanwhile Johnson has lost a Chancellor and 'forgotten' who paid for his £15k winter break.
Justin Bieber has donated 200,000 Chinese Yuan to help in the fight against coronavirus epidemic. 
The US Commerce Department announced on Thursday that it would grant Chinese telecom giant #Huawei another 45-day extension from a proposed ban on buying US products and services. This is the 4th time the Trump administration has extended the ban's 
Chinese people be like “I got norton” like bro, your worried about the wrong virus protection...
Crispy Chilli Beef with Broccoli is our go-to Chinese stir fry! Ready in 25 minutes, it’s way better than any crispy beef you can get from the takeaway!  … #chillibeef #fakeout #betterthantakeout #crispybeef
Like all Chinese maal, even Chinese life is cheap.  …
Anyone  by Chinese business interests can't be president  …
Chinese economy clobbered by coronavirus but set to recover soon: Reuters poll  
The #US government has charged #Chinese technology giant #Huawei with racketeering and conspiracy to steal trade secrets, escalating the crackdown on  …
The Alfred P. Sloan Foundation ( @SloanFoundation) recently published a list of 126 young scientists who will be granted a Sloan Research Fellowship in 2020. We’re proud to see that of the 16 Chinese people to earn this fellowship, 7 of them are 
Seulgi giving us permission to call her ‘hubby’ and not at Irene cutting the line and just went “husband~” in Chinese right there and then ma’am get in line please 
Real journalism is telling the stories powerful people do not want told, this man’s bravery is extraordinary. He has now disappeared because that’s what the Chinese government does. He is a hero, I hope he is ok  …
Hidden Dragons in America, Pompeo Warns! Chinese consulates in New York, in Illinois, in Texas, and two in California...are very politically active." They've permeated the tech, business, and science world, actively recruiting U.S. scientists and academics  …
Timothée saying”Love, your Sweet Tea” in Chinese is all you need for today! 
The state controlled China #Railway Corporation, functioning as part of “Socialism with Chinese Characteristics” makes fastest #trains in the world. Before #Communists took power, #China was dirt poor. #Socialist planning & state mobilization of the population made China rich.
You want proof that #capitalism isn’t the best system? #Huawei, the kind of state-controlled mega corporation that is an essential feature of “ #Socialism with Chinese Characteristics” makes phones that are far better than those created by the “invisible hand” in the west.
I HOPE EVERYONE KNOWS HOW BIG THIS IS Chinese  Conglomerate Huawei and Subsidiaries Charged in Racketeering Conspiracy and Conspiracy to Steal Trade Secrets | OPA | Department of Justice  …
Happy #ValentinesDay to medical staff fighting on the frontline of #COVID19. “We love you and respect you. We hope you are all safe and sound,” Chinese actor-singer #WangYibo expressed his gratitude to the medical workers on 
The Chinese government will have decided that this is a chance to get rid of dissidents , who will have died of the virus . I suspect that arrests have already happened
The Embassy thanks Pakistan Test Cricketer Iftikhar Ahmad for his expression of Solidarity with the Chinese people at this difficult time, which demonstrated the rock-solid friendship between China and Pakistan. We will win, and soon, against this challenge. 
Apparently Samut Prakan Crocodile Farm is like a ghost town without Chinese tour groups visiting. A good time to shut this shithole down. 
The  has been criticized by numerous countries in recent years over allegations that  make networks vulnerable to spying by Beijing or others. 
Today marks 7 days since #LiWenliang’s passing and in #Chinese tradition, we believe the soul of the dead person will return home, so family members should prepare a meal to worship the dead. Images of people paying tribute to Li are popping up across social media. 
Kan..and i always read both, malay n english and still got time to find the character that i know in chinese
Caring for all! Thoughts of a Chinese national who was isolated in Naidu hospital in Pune on exhibiting symptoms of #COVID19. #HealthForAll 
Tonight before opening night of #mtcTorchThePlace by my radio husbrother @mrbenjaminlaw I'm going out for a succulent Chinese meal. YOU SHOULD TOO. White people don't forget how much you love spring rolls, fried rice and xlb. #DontDumpTheDumplings
stfu pinky ure not a chinese update account  …
Federal authorities hit Huawei with racketeering, conspiracy to steal trade secrets and a litany of other charges in the latest escalation of tensions between the U.S. and the Chinese telecom giant. 
12/ Even though they're simply demanding very fundamental rights they ought to enjoy as a human being, they have to risk their life. I feel glad & worried to see Chinese are willing to stand up for their fundamental rights while knowing what dire straits that could lead them to.
10/ However, CCP can still hide facts it deems dangerous & a threat to stability by great firewall. But this time, things seem to be different, after Li’s death, Chinese citizens are posting with #wedemandfreedomofspeech on Weibo, demanding for freedom & access to 
Meanwhile, at a Chinese 5G testing center. "Testing, 1..2.."  …
Chinese hospitals discharge 6,723 recovered patients of #coronavirus infection  
There’s an epidemic sweeping Australia and it’s not coronavirus - it’s EPIC DUMBARSERY and more than a bit of racism. I’ll be joining @nareenyoung’s campaign. Solidarity with the  Down with racists and dumbarses. #auspol 
“The #CCP is a threat to humanity. 1st victims are the Chinese people, but the rest of the world will pay a price. For those who are hoping to live in a civilized world, this epidemic shows while authoritarianism remains, humanity will not live in peace”. 
"Chinese shadow puppetry" by Wenjun Lin #ArtStation #ArtStationHQ  #Digital2D 
The closure of Chinese businesses and ports to curb the spread of the #COVID19 virus could hurt economies worldwide  | 
The #Coronavirus is spreading among members of the #Chinese #Military and armed #Police, with thousands placed under #Quarantine to prevent further contagion, according to the #HongKong-based Information Center for Human Rights and Democracy  …
New confirmed cases of #COVID19 outside Hubei Province in the Chinese mainland have dropped for 10 consecutive days, from 890 on Feb 3 to 267 on Feb 13, according to the National Health Commission. 
Over 100 years ago Canada exploited Chinese labor, slaughtered buffalo, and displaced Indigenous peoples to build a railway. 2020:  …
#LATEST on #COVID19 outbreak in China, as of Feb 13: - 63,851 confirmed cases in Chinese mainland, another 53 in HK, 10 in Macao and 18 in Taiwan - 1,380 deaths - 6,723 discharged from hospital 
Endless Chinese idea of make Uyghurs feel guilty for every little mistake they have done: to demonstrate their repentance, these Uyghurs are forced to walk of atonement for sin of going outside of their home 
Chinese stock trading volumes are up because every one is stuck at home day trading, but yuan-denominated Bonds/FX volumes are plunging.  
Ordered Chinese food for lunch. Let me tell you, as solidarity actions go, this is among the toughest.
What does it mean when Moon Jae-in tells #SouthKoreans to "share the suffering" with China, re #WuhanVirus, as he continues to ignore SK citizens' & doctors' pleas to ban Chinese visitors' entry?  …
Gov. @GavinNewsom should immediately fire @CalPERS Chief Investment Officer Yu Ben Meng because of his “long and cozy relationship with the Chinese Communist Party ( #CCP),” according to  …
#PSA : Crystals/gems/stones are NOT a NEW AGE tool. The Mexica, The Mayans, Kemet, the Sumerians, the aboriginals, the Chinese, the Olmec and the Incas [etc] all used them. 
Mexican children send messages of support and hope to Chinese people in their fight against 
Singer-songwriter @JustinBieber has recorded a video to cheer for #China and donated 200,000 yuan ($28,660) to #Wuhan, the major battleground for the novel #coronavirus outbreak. His generosity has been praised by Chinese fans online. @JustinBieberFan 
Yuehua Entertainment's trainee Huang Zhibo was arrested on charges of sales fraud for masks, allegedly over 47.42 million won worth of masks He previously joined Chinese idol audition program 'All for One' Source:  
Yuehua Entertainment has terminated the contract of trainee Huang Zhibo after he was arrested on charges of fraud He said he was selling masks, accepted $40k, but didn't have any to sell He appeared on Chinese survival show 'All for One'  
Amazing new translated piece well worth a read from a mainland Chinese Hong Konger who explores various facets of xenophobia, identity, and nationalism that have ramped up under the guise of “public health” and safety in the past month and a half.  …
"Chinese  Conglomerate Huawei and Subsidiaries Charged in Racketeering Conspiracy and Conspiracy to Steal Trade Secrets Time to end the pillaging of US Intellectual Property. Time for Justice!! @swaffarcongress  …
How the #UnitedNations Punished a #Whistleblower for Exposing Chinese #HumanRightsViolations Award-winning journalist @ALEXNEWMAN_JOU tells us about how the UN provided names of dissidents and #HumanRights activists to the #CCP. Watch The China Report:  
"Does it really make sense to tie the likelihood of infection to one’s identity?" We translated a reflective account of what it has been like to be Mainland Chinese in Hong Kong under the dual conditions of epidemic and ongoing political struggle:  …
Uighurs sound the alarm over a risk of the coronavirus spreading in Chinese camps where their family members are being held 
Amazing Chinese ceramic art! Hope the small work of art can make your life colorful! 
These Chinese nurses shaved their heads to fight the spread of coronavirus 
Sekai Project releasing a VN on Steam with only a Chinese translation is a sign that the tides are shifting; the Chinese market is an important consideration for any VN developer/publisher now, and I think we're going to see more and more releases prioritizing CN over EN.
I'm not English but I speak English. I'm not Japanese but I eat sushi. I'm not Arab but I use Assalamualaikum. I'm not Chinese but I scream 'Chibai' alk the time. Damn I'm a walking cultural appropriation
The appointment of Xia Baolong to the HK & Macau Affairs Office shows China has NO REGARD for human rights and religious freedom as Xia oversaw TEARING down Chinese churches! @hk_watch @Stand_with_HK @FreedomHKG @SolomonYue @Fight4HongKong #HongKong  …
Economic casualties from China’s #coronavirus epidemic mounting as Asian & European auto plants run short of parts, free-spending Chinese tourists stay home &  brace for unpredictable turbulence. That’s just the start of a financial hangover..  …
The #CoronavirusOutbreak has turned #Hubei into a ghost town. Nearly 1,500 confirmed deaths from #Corona have occurred in Hubei alone. Chinese #Communist Party censorship has encouraged the spread of the disease. #CommunismKills, 
Calling it. To thank Chinese Australians for everything they’ve done and continue to do for this country, it’s #chinesefoodweekend and you’ve all gotta post your feed. Special shout out to mob who are also Chinese! @brown_gjb75 @RoyAhSee 
Well, Bill Barr set the table for himself, didn’t he. “Let me do my job” in so many words. Well then fkn do it. Indicting Chinese people who stole technology? Indict some people who fkn tried to overthrow your damn boss. That’s right, I fkn said it. ( @marklevinshow)
#DailyChinaBriefing on Feb. 14: 1. China's Hubei reports 4,823 new coronavirus cases  2. Chinese researchers isolate novel #coronavirus strains from feces  3. Factbox: China's anti-epidemic fight  
Chinese economy clobbered by coronavirus but set to recover soon: Reuters poll  
Note to self: Never order food the first day you're feeling better after 5 days with extended family. - everyone has a whole pizza and $40 worth of Chinese food in their refrigerator, right?
'Chinese nationals traveling into the country are required to self-isolate themselves for a period of no less than 15 days.' 
WASHINGTON—Gov. Gavin Newsom should immediately fire California Public Employees Retirement System Chief Investment Officer Yu Ben Meng because of his “long & cozy relationship with the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), according to Rep. Jim Banks (R-Ind.).  …
In WeChat screenshots Li allegedly asks students to “actively report” the “situation to officials” whereby some Sheffield students identify as Taiwanese or Hong Kongers instead of Chinese, calling for it to be “corrected”.  …
Chinese  Conglomerate Huawei and Subsidiaries Charged in Racketeering Conspiracy and Conspiracy to Steal Trade Secrets  …
Every time someone writes an article rebutting the nonexistent and ludicrous claim that “all Chinese students are spies,” they are enabling and encouraging this type of activity below, reproducing structures of oppression abroad in the name of “understanding.”  …
Huawei provides the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) with private/valuable data that neither has a right to. Huawei is a malign arm of the CCP at best and at worst is a tool of the CCP military. The USA must lead the world in  …
Chinese  have a track record longer than a CVS receipt of illegal and malign conduct. Make no mistake- the U.S. will do whatever it takes to secure our networks. Pleased to see this DOJ action because Huawei is nothing short of a threat to our collective security.  …
“The Epoch Times indeed saved my life.” A Chinese-American woman called the #Chinese-language @EpochTimes office to express her gratitude for reporting on he #Coronavirus, which she says saved her  …
SO my friends in Tokyo say that the #coronavirus victims on the cruise ships were infected THROUGH THE AIR. And the Chinese are not allowing factories to operate A/C when they reopen. What does this suggest? | @ChinaBeigeBook #Zerohedge @JamesGRickards @jimcramer
Thread by @QBlueSkyQ: "Hunter Biden’s $1.5 Billion Bank of China Deal Joe &amp; Hunter Biden fly on Air Force 2 to Beijing,China 10 Days latewith the Chinese corporation, With the Gov breitbart.c […]" #QAnon #FridayFeeling #Ukraine  …
Tourism officials plan to propose visa-free entry for Chinese & Indian tourists to the cabinet in April, but on the condition that Chinese authorities handle the outbreak first. Officials mull visa-free entry for China market  … #Thailand 
The whole discourse tbh is also very US-centric considering how Chinese especially are discriminated against in many SE Asian countries
Chinese woman chained like an animal for not wearing a mask. #coronavirus 
Suspected #coronavirus patients being rounded up & taken by force by Chinese police  … via darkcityfm #VoteBlueNoMatterWho
Of the 50m children currently learning the piano worldwide, as many as 40m may be Chinese 
P.S. Planning to head out tonight for Valentine’s, Galentines or a good ol’ masturdate? Everywhere’s booked out? I bet your local Chinese joint will be able to fit you in and would love to see you there. 
NEW: Our updated piece on the new racketeering and trade secrets theft charges against Huawei. The allegations closely track a series of earlier claims made against the Chinese telecom by U.S. firms including Cisco, T-Mobile, Motorola & CNEX  … w @coryramey
It's painful to see SE AsAms target Chinese and Korean people both at home and abroad because "East Asian privilege" when China and Korea have and continue to suffer from so much Western violence. Our discourse about this as Asians in the imperial core must change.
Coronavirus latest: -China death toll at least 1,483; Hubei infections up by 4,823 -Japan confirms first death from the virus—third fatality outside mainland China -China regrets Australia's ban on mainland Chinese citizens until at least Feb. 22 
The Chinese will need to embrace immigration from other nations to survive the transition to a global economy that can support their elderly. Whites will be a controversial but necessary part of this process, or China will not survive.  …
w/ my take to ⁦ @BBCWorld⁩ on ⁦ @chenqiushi404⁩ & ⁦ @fangbin1962⁩ "Chinese authorities should inform their families & give them access to a lawyer of their choice. Otherwise, it's a legitimate concern that they are at risk of torture or..."  …
Federal prosecutors have charged Chinese telecom giant Huawei with racketeering and conspiracy to steal trade secrets from  — adding to a raft of other charges including conspiracy to defraud the U.S. 
“We want to work very closely with the Chinese…but our responsibility is to keep Australians safe,” Dutton said. #Australia’s Home Affairs Minister has spoken to ease concerns from #China after Australia extended a #Coronavirus-related  …
Chinese travel ban is resulting in some incredible cruise bargains - you can do 17 nights from Freo to Sydney on the Queen Mary 2 for less than $1000! Ship has been redeployed to Australia from Asia.
theres lots of languages other than english. spanish, chinese, japanese, indian .. but the thing they all have  is that they make literally no sense
The US government has charged Huawei with racketeering and conspiracy to steal trade secrets, according to a superseding indictment unsealed Thursday. A third charge alleges that the Chinese tech giant engaged in wire fraud to steal intellectual property. 
#CoronavirusCoverup MUST READ Exclusive interview of Mr. Xiao En, a former Virologist at the US Army Research Institute on the many important questions related to the massive blanket coverup of the global pandemic by the Chinese administration.  …
A Chinese group is in talks to buy a leading Brazilian Bitcoin mining operation  …
Going to have a Chinese takeaway or visit an Asian market this weekend. This anti-Chinese bullshit needs to stop now  …
Not sure what you mean by racism but if you mean people avoiding areas with higher populations of Chinese people then you can't label that racism. People trying to avoid contact with people who may have  back from China is  sense.
WTF NEWS: 2.5 Million Chinese infected with the Coronavirus? Exiled Chinese businessman Guo Wengui recently revealed leaks from Wuhan crematoriums. He claims based on the number of bodies their furnaces are burning, the death toll could be over 50,000.  …
So great to join my friend @jeremycorbyn in Manchester’s China town today. We stand in solidarity with the  here and across the world. There is never any excuse for racism and we must call it out when we see it.  …
Very interesting. Chinese authorities ask recovered patients to donate plasma:  
Yes! RICO. No wonder Democrats are freaking out, like Feinstein with her Chinese spy. Getting down to racketeering and treason here. #QAnon  …
Happy Valentine's Day. Please book the most expensive dinner to celebrate your love. Because the economy needs you to spend right now. Nobody is buying or Palm oil and the Chinese  You need to pick up the slack. Happy Valentine's Day.
The US government has charged Chinese technology giant Huawei with racketeering and conspiracy to steal trade secrets, escalating the crackdown on   
Hunter Biden Connection U.S. unveils new charges against Chinese telecom giant Huawei  … “conspiracy to steal trade secrets, conspiracy  wire fraud & racketeering conspiracy, under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, or RICO”
A Chinese restaurant in this journalist's building (in Italy!) was always full. Now, he says, it stands virtually empty every day. Because of the coronavirus. What a depressing mix of egoism, stupidity, and casual racism.  …
Get this: FBI was stopped from looking at WH & State Dept emails STOLEN by a foreign govt because the Obama WHC office said they may be covered by executive privilege or separation of powers. Are you kidding me?By all means let the Chinese read them tho.  …
This isn't enough Jeremy. You need to start meeting Chinese people at the airport and greet them with a kiss. It's the only way to stop xenophobia.  …
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. -Chinese proverb
Q - Research Notable HUAWEI GETS BUSTED CHINA CONNECTION to HILLARY, OBAMA [THEY] tried to BUY  from China a few years back because of its strong connections to Chinese intelligence. ESPIONAGE - 'Silent War' The Silent War continues… Q #EnjoyTheShow  
Totally agree Jeremy always has the voice of reason I so wish he was PM ,when I look and listen to Jeremy I think peace love and solidarity to our friends from the  from me too
There are ZERO confirmed cases of coronavirus in New York City, and hundreds of Chinese restaurants that need your business! There is nothing to fear. Stop by any Chinatown for lunch or dinner!  …
monday: "ew chinese ppl are gross." ::flies into coronavirus panic:: tuesday: "you know washing your hands and showering regularly is just not for me. also alex jones said vaccines are bad, so..." ::goes on to brag abt how filthy they are on twitter 
Jeremy, you have always been and, will always be a voice of reason  sense in a world where society and the media embraces nonsense and scare stories. Love and Solidarity to our friends from the 
And of course this “map” lists #Taiwan as a “region”in #China. But do you even know that there is a travel ban now for all Chinese nationals to enter Taiwan? How does a “region” in #China have such authority, @BNODesk, if it is part of  …
It's disgraceful that the  have faced increased racism and over 50% business losses since the coronavirus outbreak.  to Chinatown here in Manchester, a city that has been twinned with Wuhan for 33 years. We stand in solidarity with the  
Someone: annyeonghaseyo Jackson: I'm Chinese  …
A Chinese Man diagnosed with coronavirus had travelled to Bali. #2019_nCov #COVID19 #Bali #indonesia #jakartaBo #coronavirus 
PRESS RELEASE: Telephone call between PM Tun Dr. @chedetofficial and Chinese President Xi Jinping. PM expressed Malaysia's solidarity & steadfast support for China. Both leaders agreed on the necessity for concerted efforts to  the epidemic. @saifuddinabd 
"Big Bear" probably runs the only legit #Wuhan hot dry noodle place on the east coast. He told me his sales have dropped 60% to 70% due to #coronavirus fears. Food courts that used to be crowded are now deserted. Many Chinese American businesses are bracing for similar impacts.  …
The Huawei indictment exposes its plot to undermine America’s economy and security on behalf of the Chinese Communist Party. Read our full statement here:  …
The Economist is unhappy about the chinese state saving people 
#China’s National Health Commission reports that nearly half a million Chinese citizens have had close contact with individuals with confirmed diagnoses of the novel #coronavirus that originated in #Wuhan.
Time and again, the Chinese Communist Party has used economic entrapment to coerce  into censoring their employees' freedom of speech. Proud to introduce this bipartisan legislation to protect Americans' freedom of speech with  …
“Big Bear” runs a Wuhan hot dry noodle stall in Queens, New York. His shop, Heat Noodles, is one of many Chinese-American businesses hit by coronavirus fears 
INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - CONTINUOUS Cindy walks away from the table for a plate, Michael looks to Bridgette with a plan MICHAEL GREEN (curious) Wanna prank your mom?  …
"It's just a disease that happened in China; it's not Chinese that are carrying the disease. They are totally two different issues, and the virus should not give ignorant people the excuse to express their racial hatred." #coronavirus #COVID19
China on Thursday replaced the head of its office responsible for Hong Kong affairs with a “hardliner” known for his campaign of demolition of Christian crosses on churches. Xia Baolong is a close ally of Chinese President Xi Jinping...  …
@JRubinBlogger Mini Mike is in the pockets of the Chinese.  …
Chinese Telecom Coronavirus Huawei and Subsidiaries Charged in Racketeering Conspiracy and Conspiracy to Steal Trade Secrets - Charges also reveal Huawei’s business in N. Korea & assistance to the govt of Iran in performing domestic surveillance.  …
Honored to present Cardinal Joseph Zen with the Wei Jingsheng Chinese Democracy Champion Prize. He inspires all who work to protect those fighting for their beliefs. 
Maria, no one's been out ahead on Huawei more than you. You did many segments on Huawei during Sunday Morning Futures a lot in 2019. Barr is kicking major *** here. Excites me almost as much as him indicting Chinese who hacked Equifax. Those two alone are phenomenal work.  …
Good point. Germany has raised barriers to Chinese investment.  are increasingly unhappy about business conditions in China. China is issuing Huawei threats. The US is in decoupling mode. And Maas is talking about deepening exonomic relations  …
Even the @realDonaldTrump crew needs to eat! They were parked at a Chinese restaurant today. Probably celebrating progress on the China trade agreement!! 
Are the Chinese Assassinating those Sick with the Coronavirus that Refuse to be Evacuated?  … Plz support Commie fighters . @realDonaldTrump 4 re-election & LauraLoomerforCongress PLEASE RETWEET
My interest in people as soon as they utter.. "BTS? Those Chinese teens music?" "Taylor? Lmao what bf are you on?" 
“We can only last three more weeks if business doesn't improve.” RESTAURATEUR JACK CHEN ON THE IMPACT OF COVID-19 ON HIS BUSINESS. DO YOUR BIT FOR YOUR NEIGHBOURS AND EAT AT YOUR LOCAL CHINESE RESTAURANT THIS WEEKEND.
This has got to be stopped, let’s join together people. We’re British we wouldn’t let this stand. Boycott Chinese imports , don’t buy anything from China  …
if  all 4 impractical jokers youd get me . im always making my self to do a chinese voice to the woman at the dmv and then laughing about it into a microphone that links to an ear piece im wearing
The fictional novel tells the story of a Chinese military lab that creates a new virus to potentially use as a biological weapon during wartime. The lab is ironically located in Wuhan, China and the made-up virus is called Wuhan-400.  …
In Australia a home solar system costs around £3500 In Britain the same system costs over £10,000 Reason, EU taxes on chinese products at 40%, and its the Chinese who make solar panels Plus the green climate guilt tax! So much for affordable clean green energy
The Wuhan outbreak, which led to a shutdown of vast parts of the country & disruption of China’s transport links with the outside world, exposed the huge economic & human cost of the secretive, top-down approach at heart of the Chinese party-state system.  …
"Soviet insistence on going through w/Kyiv’s May Day parade after Chernobyl, forcing tens of thousands of children to march through radioactive dust, was echoed in decision by Chinese authorities to hold Lunar New Year potluck in Wuhan sharing dishes prepared by 40K families."
When Chinese scientists released the genetic sequence for coronavirus on January 9th, Inovio researchers got to work immediately and within 3 hours they had a vaccine.  …
The PM claimed that more than 50 countries had introduced some kind of travel restrictions post-Coronavirus. That’s true but the only countries with a blanket ban on all Chinese nationals, aside from Australia, are the US, Russia and Mongolia.
Euronews reporter asked WHO DG Tedros Wed whether Chinese govt asked WHO for praise, Tedros talked 12 min why China’s action deserves praise and almost all WHO board members agree. But I don’t see any Euronews report of this today. What that tells us? Feel slap in the face?
Today I was arguing with my maintenance man about Trump. He thinks Trump doesnt lie. I said Trump says climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese. He cosigned that. "Trump said windmills cause cancer. You believe that too?" He not only agreed but began to explain lol
U.S. Charges Chinese Tech Giant Huawei With Racketeering  …
I’m having a small show with @kilmorackgallry near Beauly. Opens in mid March. The Still Life with Chinese Lanterns will be in this exhibition. Come and see the show if you are in the Highlands. @InvCourier #art #painting #exhibition #Highland #scottishart  
So US officials won’t be allowed listen in, while Russian and Chinese officials will continue their practice of doing so.  …
What an asinine take. South Park is not only clever & funny but the creators have the courage to challenge the dominant orthodoxy. They even took on the Chinese govt knowing their cartoons would be banned there but woke dolts moan about being mocked.  …
Similar to how #ebolavirus was racialized as a distinctly #African #illness, #news of the #coronavirus has led to an outbreak of anti #Chinese #racism across the #West. Cartoonist: 
I thought The Storm was the exposure and arrest of the Global Satanic Pedovore Ring. Not busting some shady Chinese  I guess I'll have to re-read the Drops or something. 
whites  all day long about how chinese food is SO salty and then have the audacity  to our restaurants and drown their jasmine rice in soy sauce
This explains why apocalyptic right wing figure Yehudah Glick made a video blaming Chinese government "evildoers" for corona virus.  …
Uhoh US Bombers Fly Near Taiwan After Chinese 'Aggression'; Beijing Warned To "Focus On Fighting Coronavirus"  …
Chinese social workers actively engaged in the fight against the coronavirus #socialworkers #emergency #engagement #leadership  
Sorry..i tweeted incorrect information It is over 20 hospitals that are now Chinese owned..not over 50 The latest purchase was over 50 million paid...sorry again
The minister is absolutely right. Miftah Ismail and SKA should have foreseen the Coronavirus outbreak in China back in 2016 and that it would drive LNG prices down to where Chinese customers are close to invoking force majeur clauses in their contracts. Righto.  …
 have suffered a 50% drop in business since Coronavirus - in Manchester. Credit to Jeremy Corbyn for trying to raise awareness. Please continue to engage with the  the same way you always have. There is no increased risk 
China did that...with the Doctor who first reported the coronavirus. Now Chinese are livid that vital information was suppressed for weeks. Twitter doing the same thing.  …
We know about this b/c @realdonaldtrump's club sent the bill to the State Department, apparently on the logic that -- b/c Chinese president Xi had visited Mar-a-Lago that same weekend -- this was a diplomatic expense. (State released the bill via FOIA)
VIDEO: #China GRAPHIC : Watch at your own risk Alleged video shows Chinese Authorities beating a Dog with sticks to a point till its death. Allegedly the Dog was affected by #coronavirus MY HEART JUST BLEEDS #Coronaoutbreak 
As Japanese bombs smash Singapore, British authorities segregate Chinese & European corpses in separate mass graves for purposes of "racial hygiene".
26 contemporary Chinese artists explore materiality in ‘Allure of Matter,' which is now on view in Chicago  
The death of the doctor who warned of the risks of the coronavirus and was reprimanded by Chinese authorities, is the greatest threat to President Xi yet  via @BW
The incubation of the Chinese #Coronavirus lasts 24 days, it is contagious from the first day, the symptoms can be mild belly pain or cough and fever, the virus can fly 10 meters around an infected and last a minimum of 9 days on surfaces to 17 days on bills and 
The Justice Department has added new criminal charges against Chinese tech giant Huawei and two of its U.S. subsidiaries, accusing  in a plot to steal trade secrets  in America 
 are in for a supply-chain shock. Their heavy reliance on Chinese factories leaves them vulnerable 
New cases of the coronavirus rose sharply after Chinese authorities changed the criteria for diagnosing the illness, raising questions about how soon the outbreak will peak 
Justin Bieber has donated 200,000 chinese yuan to help in the fight against coronavirus 
A #Chinese man let those #African kids shout those characters on black board in Chinese: "I am a black monster! My IQ is low! Yeah!". Poor kids don't understand what is that means. 说到歧视，大家自己看看。 #China #Africa #racism 
Chinese  Conglomerate Huawei and Subsidiaries Charged in Racketeering Conspiracy and Conspiracy to Steal Trade Secrets  …
2020 will be a special year for German-Chinese relations, says FM @HeikoMaas during visit of FM Wang Yi in Berlin. We want to deepen economic relations and cooperation e.g. in climate protection and @WTO. Grateful for support with regard to 
. @CarmelynMalalis joined @NYCMayor & other City agencies #InQueens to support Chinese-owned businesses (and to eat a delicious meal!) amid reports of anti-Asian discrimination related to Coronavirus. Global concern about this virus does not justify anti-Asian discrimination. 
The Chinese government has not been honest at all about #coronavirus The Chinese Communist Party is creating a global health epidemic because they have lied, because they have not addressed this head on, and they weren't prepared. 
I'd received an anonymous warning letter that week, outlining a hostile social media campaign by "agencies of Chinese govt" against Ardern & Peters; warning something was going to happen to me too. Read my translation of what was sent to me @NZParliament  …
if you flinch and run from any chinese person you pass in the street because you think you’re gonna get coronavirus you’re thick, and i cannot stress this enough, as horse shit
//Li allegedly asks students to “actively report” the “situation to officials” whereby some in Sheffield’s English language teaching classes (ELTC) identify as Taiwanese or Hong Kongers instead of Chinese, calling for it to be “corrected”.//  …
Diane Feinstein, you hired a Chinese spy to work side by side with you for over 20 years. YOU are the one that needs to be investigated.
It is indicate that the novel #coronavirus ( #COVID19) may not be passed from mother to child late in pregnancy, according to a small observational study by Chinese scientists 
Federal prosecutors have hit Chinese telecom equipment manufacturer Huawei with new charges in a superseding indictment unsealed Thursday, which details  alleged illegal behavior in Iran and North Korea.  …
The DOJ has formally accused Chinese  giant Huawei of racketeering and stealing trade secrets from U.S. firms, opening up another front of the Trump administration's pressure on the world's leading maker of network equipment  …
Hall of Famer Li Na and current Chinese No.1 Wang Qiang have pledged financial assistance to fight the novel coronavirus epidemic in their home country -->  
This is so, so sickening. The Vatican “gifts” Hong Kong to the Chinese Regime  …
NEW: The DOJ just brought new charges against Chinese telecom giant Huawei and 2 of its US subsidiaries. The 16-count superseding indictment accuses Huawei of racketeering & orchestrating a “decades long” scheme to steal trade secrets from   …
NEW: The Justice Department unsealed a massive 16-count superseding indictment against Chinese telecom giant Huawei, charging it with conspiracy under RICO, trade secrets theft, sanctions evasion in North Korea & Iran, and more. @DCExaminer w/  …
We have updated our map to include all the 60,390 confirmed cases so far, including all Chinese cities  …
Chinese discrimination against Africans: Children toghut by Chinese to say in Mandarin :(我是黑鬼，智商地） “I am black monster.I have a low IQ.” Chinese been doing worser to Uighurs and Tibetans.  are most racist on the planet . #wuhan #virus #china 
The DOJ has brought new charges against Huawei & its Chinese & US subsidiaries, alleging RICO violations + conspiracy to steal IP & trade secrets. *This pertains to decades-long efforts by Huawei. Finally we’re doing something about it.  …
NIO DELAYS JANUARY SALARY PAYMENTS, CITES CORONAVIRUS - Chinese Tesla is running out of cash
The Chinese Military apparently has close ties with the Wuhan Institute of Virology, near the epicenter of #coronavirus. A PLA training manual, published May 2018, highlighted the lab in a section on military-civil 
#China An old man was brutality tackled and subdued by Chinese authorities after buying groceries. Allegedly he was treated violently because he didn't wear a face mask outdoors. 
DEVELOPING: @CBSNews “The Department of Justice unveiled new charges against Chinese  giant Huawei on Thursday, accusing  of orchestrating a successful "decades-long" scheme to steal trade secrets from U.S.  @ClareHymes22
Asian American & Pacific Islanders have been core to our nation's strength yet have faced a history of exclusion—from the Chinese Exclusion Act to Japanese internment. We often overlook that legacy, in part because  is not given a voice. That must end. #AAPI2020
Stephen A. Smith said Clippers have “5 dogs”. Paul George must be a Poodle, Pat Bev is a mini Chihuahua, Kawhi is the robot dog from Jimmy Neutron, and Montrezl is a Chinese Crested because he ugly as shit
California public pension fund invested in blacklisted  congressman Rep. Jim Banks, R-Ind., joined "Mornings with Maria" to explain why he wrote a letter to California Gov. Gavin Newsom highlighting his concerns  …
I’ve always thought a Chinese version of “The Office” would be a huge hit, globally.  …
RICO! Chinese Conglomerate Huawei Charged in Racketeering Conspiracy & Conspiracy to Steal Trade Secrets Charges also Reveal Huawei’s Business in North Korea and Assistance to the Government of Iran in Performing Domestic Surveillance  …
-- Chinese Hotel Manager Captured On Camera Flogging Kenyan Employee For Being 'Late'. - It is said that this was not the first time the Chinese boss was physically beating Kenyan employees.  {Via: @K24Tv}
The U.S. charged Huawei with racketeering and conspiring to steal trade secrets, escalating its fight with the Chinese  
Human parasite @Jkylebass, who made half a billion dollars speculating on credit default swaps and destabilizing the global economy, calls for corona virus to "rampage through the ranks" of Chinese journalists and government officials.  …
U.S. Charges Chinese Tech Giant Huawei With Racketeering  …
Wow a #Vegan Chinese takeaway...in #Oswaldtwistle not far from Blackburn, Burnley & Accrington...Local support needed so this place thrives  …
Chinese  Conglomerate Huawei and Subsidiaries Charged in Racketeering Conspiracy and Conspiracy to Steal Trade Secrets  …
Chinese restaurants in London hit with 50% drop in trade because of coronavirus. Metropolitan middle class leftists engaging in racial prejudice with their own private behavior while publicly preaching tolerance and diversity. Sad! 
Can confirm from Chinese restaurant contacts that there have been mass cancellations of banquet events and significant drop in regular business. Impacts are severe and some considering shortening hours or closing more days. Support your Chinese restaurant! Dine in or take out.  …
Harvard & Yale in crosshairs of DOEducation! Failure to report hundreds of millions in foreign gifts  after recent arrest of a leading Harvard University scientist who concealed over $2 million in funds from Chinese sources.  … #trumptrain1111
GA X DENZEL VIDEO pt. 2: TOKYO DRIFTING - THE ARCADE GAME we added some Chinese lyrics because we were in China when this was made. xxxx ps. Red Rocks on sale TOMORROW BBY 
Chinese Communist Party counting methods Counting method 1 - Deny the virus outbreak Counting method 2 - When denial fails, lie about the number of infected Counting method 3 - When lies exposed, claim a change in counting methods  … #CoronaVirus #China
Labour leader @jeremycorbyn was in Manchester's Chinatown today to show support for the city's  He was told shops and restaurants had seen a 50% drop in business since the coronavirus outbreak. 
#EXO #Chanyeol @weareoneEXO EXO Chanyeol Chinese Internet Broadcast Appearance Exceeded 5 Million viewers On the 11th Chanyeol appeared on Chinese game broadcast “Huya TV”  with fans for about 2 hours. About 5M viewers were connected to the broadcast that day. 
There’s an interesting subculture of anti-Asian trolls with profile pictures of Pepe the Frog or other characters behind yellow coronavirus containment suits who harass Asian Americans and others on Twitter with memes of Chinese people eating bat soup or rats.
JUST IN: The Justice Department added new racketeering charges against Chinese tech giant Huawei, alleging  plotted to steal American trade secrets. If convicted, Huawei would face more penalties in the wake of violating U.S. sanctions against Iran and North Korea 
Chinese  Conglomerate Huawei and Subsidiaries Charged in Racketeering Conspiracy and Conspiracy to Steal Trade Secrets  …
The mayor's breezy "Hey, we're all guilty of something" attempts to sidestep a serious issue  … but only serves to insult those who are currently suffering from Chinese repression, including our detained Canadians
WASHINGTON (AP) — Justice Department adds new charges against Chinese tech giant Huawei,  in plot to steal trade secrets.
This type of behavior is sickening... It’s unacceptable It’s time to boycott everything Chinese... Do not buy Chinese products.... Do not even eat at Chinese restaurants... 
The truth about Coronavirus is we have no idea what is happening: 1. The media/ CDC cannot be trusted because they are bought off by Big Pharma. 2. The Chinese government can’t be trusted because give me a break. 3. Grass roots videos can’t be authenticated.
You had a Chinese spy working for you for 20+ years! SIT DOWN DIANNE!
Meanwhile, China’s ambassador to Uganda, Zheng Zhougiang has assured Ugandans that the Chinese government will take care of all Ugandan students based at Universities in Wuhan. He added that there is no need to try and evacuate them back home. 
A decade ago, a European scholar asked a Chinese scholar, “What does China-European strategic partnership look like?” The Chinese scholar responded: “We hope that when China goes to war with the United States, Europe will at least remain neutral.” Data bears out this success  …
My Chinese friend, an ICU physician, volunteering in Wuhan to help care for people infected with #COVID19. I can’t imagine what it’s like to work in the protective 
Military approves 11 COVID-19 quarantine camps 'for up to 1,000 people' next to major US airports ...because the Chinese have this totally under control.  …
The Embassy thanks Pakistan Superstar Cricketer Muhammad Rizwan for his expression of Solidarity with the Chinese people at this difficult time, which demonstrated the rock-solid friendship between China and Pakistan. We will win, and soon, against this challenge. 
#Indonesia is retracing the movements of a Chinese tourist diagnosed with #Coronavirus upon return from the resort island of #Bali, a #Health ministry official said on Feb.  …
NEW #COVID19 content: Anti-Chinese sentiment during the 2019-nCoV outbreak—Correspondence from Roger Yat-Nork Chung @CUHKofficial & Minnie Ming Li, The Education University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong  
For the last and millionth time, that jersey in that SMB video is some cheap ass chinese knock off fans can purchase online for $29.99, not a "leak" of the Bucs new uniforms. You guys really think they'd design white jerseys with white numbers? Some of you media people... geeze.
Chinese UN envoy says China's  and rigorous preventive and control measures to fight novel coronavirus #COVID19 are achieving positive results  
#Indonesia has not reported a single case, yet the country is a popular destination for Chinese tourists. It might have imported as many as 29 cases. What is worrying is the chance that cases have gone undetected & the virus is spreading under the radar.  
Found the raws for these videos. Incase anyone wants to help translate from chinese to english (videos with chinese subs in thread) please dm me. Thank you in advance  …
CA lab says it discovered coronavirus vaccine in 3 hours. Well yeah, if they have a patent for a virus they would have the vaccine, too. Steps: Infect, sell a $hit ton of cure, march to the BANK. Think Chinese pop control & squashing riots. #WWG1WGA  …
“The coronavirus clearly presents a risk to the global economy…The Chinese economy is four times greater than it was during the SARS outbreak and China has established itself as the most critical link in the global supply chain.” @CNBC @QuillIntel  …
. @GovernorNewsom, please explain why someone recruited by a Chinese org described by FBI as a “non-traditional espionage” program is making investment decisions for CalPERS. Also US dollars should never be funding Chinese military or oppression of Uighurs!  …
“I’m Chinese” jkgfb  …
australian travel sanctions for chinese nationals has been extended for another week until 02.22 (melbourne world cup starts on 02.20) so participation in the  world cup is almost guaranteed to be not possible without special exceptions provided for the athletes  …
The coronavirus is affecting economies across the globe, as supply chains are diverted, travel links are cut and Chinese consumption plummets.  …
Thank you @jeremycorbyn  down to meet the  and show it’s open for business #welovechinatown @patkarney 
The death of Dr Li Wenliang from #COVID19 won’t topple China’s Communist Party, but it does confront millions of apolitical Chinese with the costs  of a  with dictators. My Chaguan  …
DiFi is pissed Roger Stone won't die in prison!!! Whatever happened to the Chinese Spy Chauffeur??? How about the unsecured call to Iraq on your personal phone in the Capitol???  …
I bought a bunch of Chinese stocks while everybody was freaking out about coronavirus. Paid off. 
Here's a snippet of my next piece! A closer look to a tremendo but incredibly adorable chinese venezuelan character 
GOP lawmaker accuses California public pension fund of investing in blacklisted   …
Been reminded that back in July we were showing solidarity with the people of Wuhan for an entirely different reason. Hong Kong protestors were reaching out to mainland tourists to make sure they knew about the Wuhan protests, because Chinese state media kept them in the dark.  …
Daily Digest 2/12 – Nissan to shut Japan factory due to shortage of Chinese parts, Some coronavirus patients in Japan in serious condition  
WOW: Wuhan Hospital Announces Death of Chinese Doctor Who Warned of Coronavirus  
Coronavirus death toll has its biggest spike: 242 people die/15,000 people catch COVID-19 In a day After Chinese officials who 'covered up' true scale Were fired (sent to internment camps) 1242 people die/45,000 people catch COVID-19 In a day Fixed it GOOD~ 
The incubation period of the #Coronavirus is said to be up to 14 days. But a recent study from Chinese researchers—which examined over 1,000 cases of the disease—found a patient who didn’t exhibit symptoms for as long as 24 days.  …
Chinese GDP: fabricated Chinese SAT : fabricated Chinese Corona numbers: fabricated Boy who saw 
Scientists say the pangolin endangered by Chinese smuggling passed the coronavirus to humans  via @qzafrica
Just in: The Government of #Angolan President João Lourenço has seized assets belonging to a  that allegedly benefited from a corrupt relationship with the government of former President Eduardo dos Santos.
In the supermarket my 2 year old Granddaughter turned to me as I was picking up Noodles & said “Nanny, Chinese food is my most favourite in the world”, I agreed, she shouted top of her voice, “but I don’t believe the death toll figures” Everyone cheered & said neither do we.
Dr. Lin: #CoronavirusOutbreak is an explosion of biological terrorism Chinese hospitals' ICUs are overloaded with patients who went in for other diseases, ailments, now are infected with #corona  Listen & watch 
Elon changed his tune about never needing to raise money again because TSLA is going to NEED money following the disastrous 1st 1/2 that awaits him with Chinese auto market collapsed (see prior tweet - China is TSLAs 2nd largest market)& loss of last of Federal tax credits in US.
Exiled Uighurs sound the alarm over a risk of the coronavirus spreading in Chinese camps where their family members are being held 
An American  is claiming they’ve created a vaccine for the Chinese Coronavirus...in just 3 hours? Are we not supposed to think that’s super suspect, or?  …
Even before the pre-order starts Neo Zone has already exceeded 83,000 copies of pre-order by Chinese fans. Congratulations to all the Chinese fans who always strive to give the best to NCT
LOOK: Chinese state television has released video showing medical professionals, including military medics, arriving in Wuhan on Thursday to help fight the #coronavirus 
Through its efforts and progress in fighting #COVID19, China contributes to safeguarding world public security as a responsible major country, Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad said in a call with Chinese President Xi Jinping #FightVirus  
China not only takes the responsibility for the health of its people, but also contributes to the cause of global public health, Chinese President Xi Jinping said in a call with Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad #COVID19 #FightVirus  
and his video on chinese TikTok already at 1M likes omg his impact  …
The President’s 2021 budget proposal will allow America to: 1) COUNTER Chinese, Russian & Iranian malign influence 2) PROTECT human rights & religious freedom 3) FOCUS on #SharedSecurity & #SharedProsperity with our closest allies!  …
I know we don't like Chinese nationals, but who was the aggressor here? #MensConference2020 4 Chinese #Doktari Matiang'I #CountryRoadsMacha Mulamwah 
Modi hosted Chinese President Xi Jinping, Japanese PM Shinzo Abe & Israel's PM Benjamin Netanyahu in Gujarat. Let this trend expand to other places in India too. Now hosting Donald Trump in Amdavad. It was boring to see foreign heads taken to see Delhi's tombs of the long-dead.
