Congratulations to the brave and wise people of Taiwan for standing up against intimidation by the Chinese Communist Party.  …
From live harvesting of organs, to forced labor camps & reprogramming, the Chinese government  atrocious human rights violations. This is atrocious and abhorrent. I am abstaining from buying products made in China as much as I possibly can.  …
Of course we shouldn’t! The entire works should boycott. If the Chinese had a million Christians or Jewish people in concentration camps do you think we would go to the Chinese Olympics?  …
Chinese demand is fueling donkey theft and stressing out farmers in Ghana 
A shocking New York Times exposé has revealed that Chinese authorities are systematically forcing Muslims — mostly Uyghurs and Kazakhs — into labor programs to supply Chinese factories with a cheap  workforce.  …
Since the  Party banned Islam, the Idhkah mosque ( largest in East #Turkistan ) in #Kashgar has been turned into a tourist attraction.The video below depicts a group of Chinese waving #China’s flag and urging people to “love China” and “love the 
I just saw someone refer to the US covers for The Poppy War as "just line art"  to a foreign edition that used a more realist style) and it took every ounce of my strength not to go "actually the style is based on traditional Chinese brush art you uncultured swine"
I asked 10 year old what he wanted for dinner and he said Chinese takeaway so I think  parenting now
We dedicated a song to An Taoiseach tonight at the chinese, craic was had by all. @LeoVaradkar #BlackandTans 
'Published... in Chinese... and translated here into English, the letter asserts that the various indigenous tribes of Taiwan, which have inhabited the land for 6,000 years, do not belong to the “so-called ‘Chinese nation'”[.]'  …
Russia cooperating with US, keeping the rats in the swamp. Don't want any submarines sneaking off with a load of swamp slime. This may explain the irrational paranoia of Russia, among the #DemoNazis. I bet Russia wants US to help against Chinese and Iran.  …
Chinese New Year is approaching, and Peru is ready to celebrate! Just as she does every year, Ana Maria hits the streets of Lima's Chinatown to sell special amulets to local residents & tourists 
#NERevs DP Adam Buska really did his homework before signing and snapped off on MLS haters. "[MLS is a retirement league] is an absurd theory.. This isn't a backwater, it isn't Siberia or a Chinese province"  …
Men showcase amazing Chinese shuttlecock kicking skills 
I just started to watch "Scissor Seven", the first Chinese animated series to debut as a Netflix Original. And it's cool !  Produced by AHA Entertainment and Sharefun Studio (original title : "Killer 
So far Trump has forced Democrats to take the side of: The Ayatollah Kim Jung Un Soleimani Chinese government It’s that easy. #KAG
A Chinese artist built a 'sky ladder' firework in honour of his grandmother turning 100 years old 
Whole genome sequences for the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) from the Chinese authorities were shared with WHO and have also been submitted by Chinese authorities to the GISAID platform so that they can be accessed by public health authorities, laboratories and researchers. 
This Nharira hill is being blasted day in & day out for quarry by the Chinese. Would the Chinese allow us to destroy their national heritage sites which have their ancestors graves? Why are we allowing the blasting of caves which have our ancestors chiefs graves? It is time!  – at lion and cheetah park
Chinese students are the smartest in the world, according to an @OECD study of school-aged children in 79 countries. Read more via @business:  
Bangladeshi, Chinese Migrants and MS-13 Gang Member Apprehended After Crossing Texas Border  via @BreitbartNews
Apple has marked Chinese New Year with a new #ShotoniPhone film, with 'Daughter' filmed entirely on an #iPhone11Pro.  
I could care less about some CFO but this is why the world resents America World Police. Chinese businesswoman paying Iran through the HK branch of a European bank is arrested in a Canadian airport en route to Colombia... because the US said so.  …
Aging into my 40s means I can eat dinner at the good spicy Chinese place or go to a heavy metal show but not both in the same night.
So ironic you chose this photo to make bt*s seem like they did it first when they copied a Chinese girl group for this photoshoot 
oh so you’re chairman and CEO? In the biz we call that “the Chinese model”
When Keanu & Tiger showed how to fight in a chinese Show . Thanks keanuworld on youtube #keanureeves #tigerchen 
um ill never forget in this class i took on gender and sexuality in east asia we were talking about contemporary gay literature and someone brought up mdzs and i was like “ah is this the chinese gays?” and then we talked about mdzs for like 30 mins
Why do we keep electing stupid people to take the lead? What's so fucking special about this calendar when you can get the same thing from Chinese merchants as giveaways? Not only that, every Filipino has a smartphone with the calendar app on it, so this is a "waste" not savings. 
Xi'an, the capital city of Shaanxi Province, is ready for celebrating Chinese lunar new year.  friends from all of the world and enjoy the Chinese Spring Festival in Xi'an 
200111 Weibo Awards Ceremony Interview Q: It’s almost Chinese New Year’s - sing a song for us LHR: ..... Ah, I actually did seriously learn this (sings “Gong Xi Fa Cai”, which was DC3’s CNY song, and then claps for himself) 
Gucci Celebrates 2020's Chinese New Year With a Disney Collaboration. Starting at just $220 with items up to $4600 no annual pass discounts on that alas 
hour 9 of smoking opium with old Chinese men be like 
Indians over chinese any day do the week. 
#Taiwan Excellent News 4India as Incumbent President of Taiwan #TsaiIngwen wins landslide Victory She is fiercely Anti-China.Her win will add to Chinese Presidents #Xis worries over #HongKong, Tibet,XinjiangTibet gives India Diplomatic & Strategic  …
the ancient chinese gays are on their way to world domination. so proud of them. just look at them breaking barriers and saying “fuck censorship, we on this gay shit for life bro!” they truly are the representation us gays deserve! 
Who gave them this dangerous Chinese ‘rope’ technology??
#ScissorSeven #伍六七之最强发型师 just released on Netflix and it is incredible! Hillarious Comedy, outstanding action and drama that hits you surprisingly hard! I did my best to put into my own words why Netflix's first Chinese anime is worth your time:  
Chinese children's theater regales Chilean audiences with ancient fable "Three Monks" 
The  is finally seeing the genome of the mysterious #WuHanPneumonia virus and it's a lot more akin to #SARS than Chinese authorities have said, repeatedly, for weeks.  …
Nah fuck off has someone just spelt Chinese fucking “chy knees” on their sc story. I am screaming
Since the #CCP banned #Islam, the Idhkah mosque (largest in #EastTurkistan) in Kashgar has been turned into a tourist attraction. The video below depicts a group of Chinese waving #China’s flag & urging people to “love China” and “love the 
Today @WHO received genetic sequences for the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) from Chinese authorities. I sincerely thank all the Chinese scientists and health workers who have been working around the clock, for  to keeping #China and the world 
I have spoken yesterday with my brother, #China Minister of Health Ma Xiaowei. I appreciate  and work and the Chinese government’s leadership in global public health by sharing information on this novel #coronavirus (2019-nC0V) in a timely manner.
WHO thanks the Chinese authorities for  to sharing information on the novel #coronavirus (2019-nC0V) as they continue intensive surveillance and follow-up measures, including environmental investigations in 
The Chinese government has undertaken a vast information influence campaign designed to support its favored candidates and sow distrust in Taiwan’s democracy, writes 
BREAKING: WHO has received the genetic sequences for the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) from the Chinese authorities. We expect them to be made publicly available as soon as possible. 
This is unacceptable behavior. It gives us no standing to condemn prospective Chinese economic coercion and in many ways is worse than any BRI-related attempt thus far.  …
We have an INDIA Caucus and a HISPANIC (Mexico) Caucus in our Government. Soon we will have a CHINESE Caucus, a SOMALI Caucus, a MUSLIM Caucus, a GAUTEMALA Caucus, etc. Congress will turn into ethnic tribes battling it out for their own people, none of them being for Americans.
Coco is a 7-year old Chinese Crested cross and is looking for an active home. She is being fostered in South Wales. Please visit our website for her full details before applying.  
You know when you don’t know what to make for dinner, so you stand in front of the fridge with the doors wide open hoping something will just jump out at ya? Nothings really speaking to me yet. In fact, I think I heard something whisper, “Chinese.”
Another photo I took-The Nook, former pub on the corner of Nelson Street and Griffiths Street. A favourite from the 1940s with the Chinese  Also notable for last orders being called in Chinese as well as English. #chinatown 
Congratulations to President Tsai @iingwen on her reelection with a strong popular mandate- in spite of Chinese meddling efforts. Taiwan proves that Chinese civilisation thrives under freedom and democracy. #TaiwanElections #Taiwan2020 #defendDemocracy 
my 10 year old brother just called me a fat mong for having ketchup on my chinese
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi has arrived in Zimbabwe & said that he is in the country to discuss how China & Zimbabwe can continue to enhance the mutual beneficial partnership in a more sustainable way. @InfoMinZW @HeraldZimbabwe 
Chinese-level wages in the United States would be the dystopian wet dream of the .1%  …
Very proud of this Chinese banquet I cooked for friends from scratch; char siu, lemon chicken, beef in orange sauce, mushrooms in chilli and garlic, oyster sauce noodles and more! 
Amash is just pissed Trump ended his family business hucking Chinese goods. Buy America not Amash!
His sister was selling condos to Chinese awhile ago. The whole Trumps are criminals  …
No one in their right mind would blame a Chinese person for the sins of the Communist regime. Similarly, it’s ridiculous for anyone to bully or shame Americans for what the Deep State has done, in particular engaged citizens working to fix it. Notice who does that. Wonder why.
We’ll soon see the Chinese populace criticizing Beijing for being weak and gradualist on territorial matters following events in Hong Kong and Taiwan. How the Communist Party intends to rebuild legitimacy at home is the next thing to watch—and spoilers, it won’t be pretty.
We’re at our weekly Saturday meetings to end incarceration of women and girls and we always eat together. For real for real this is the fortune we got with our Chinese food Nothing about us without us! #FreeHer Shut Down South Bay and Close Framingham 
73 is making himself lutefisk tonight for dinner. He’s ecstatic. I’m ordering Chinese. I am also ecstatic. For all the bad days we have, the good ones make up for it. #parentingparents
The T must stand for twat cause Who puts ketchup on  on  …
Chinese superstar Ding Junhui says a carefree approach to his snooker is behind his impressive return to form.  
New lessons in calligraphy worry Malaysia’s ethnic-Chinese and ethnic-Indian minorities 
As the high-speed railway is widely integrated into Chinese people's life, a trend of nostalgia  this Spring Festival season. The ordinary slow train offers passengers an alternative choice to go home at a cheap fare. Sometimes, it's nice to just slow down a little. 
[Trans TH-EN] " #HAN " Q&A interview by BEC-TERO MUSIC Q1. How many siblings do you have? Han: I have an older brother. He's 23. Q2. What do you like and dislike to eat? Han: I like to eat mushrooms, meat and tofu. As for dislike, any food which has bitter taste as Chinese herb 
getting chinese 
"Near Chang'an a funerary stele, bearing an inscription in Middle Persian & Chinese, announces that it was erected by an Iranian aristocrat of the Suren family. He had buried his daughter in about the year 872. Thereafter we hear no more of the Sasanid court in exile."
Last week: shame on the Chinese scientists for not sharing their sequencing data. Today: Look at this analysis that *I* did with the CoV sequence! [no credit to data producers] I wonder why some folks are reluctant to share data.
Bangladeshi, Chinese Migrants and MS-13 Gang Member Apprehended After Crossing Texas Border 
Brothers will vote for someone that plays in the Chinese second division and tell you to stop demanding for Nepotism
Going back to minecraft! Been working on this Oriental spawn the last few days! It will be up for sale once finished DM me if ur interested in anything! @BuildersRefuge #Minecraft #Chinese 
Apple shares special 'Shot on iPhone' short film to celebrate Chinese New Year  … by 
#Burundi: 11/01/2020: HE Dr. @ButoreJ, 2nd VP of the Republic, received, at @NtareHouse, a Chinese delegation, led by Mr. Wang YI, State Councilor & Minister of Foreign Affairs. Strengthening of the ties of cooperation through development projects were on the menu of discussions. 
A Chinese property magnate is close to breaking London’s house-price record with the purchase of a 45-room mansion in Knightsbridge for more than $262 million  
Yesterday the Algerian protesters raised the flag of East Turkistan in solidarity with #Uyghur Muslims and condemn the Chinese government's crimes. #StandWithUyghurs #china_is_terrorist #SaveUyghurs #EastTurkestan 
Here's all the info for this year's Chinese New Year celebrations in Liverpool with @CultureLPool / @lpoolcouncil #CNYLiverpool  
It is raining again in Gwadar. This is the 3rd rain in 2020. Since the launch of CPEC,  have started large-scale of tree planting in port area. The action is gradually taking effects. China's efforts to support #plant4Pakistan will not 
He’s also received more Chinese money than any world leader has. Or anybody for that matter.
Video of the Day Caption: The representative of Germany to Namibia (former colonial  of the increased presence of Chinese people in the country. The Namibian PR: "I'm not your puppet! It's not your job to tell us who to receive and who to be wary of." 
Hold up...SM usually buys the seats next to the idols so clowns like her don't get them. Why didn't the Chinese staff follow the same method?
Great messaging here. Our enemy is not the Iranian people, in fact they’re the foremost victims of the thuggish antics of the mullahs’ regime. Similarly, America embraces Chinese citizens longing for a future unshackled from the oppression of the Chinese Communist Party...  …
Fully funded Chinese Government Scholarship 2020/2021 Nanjing University ▪︎Application Deadline: 15 March 2020 ▪︎Eligible Countries: Open for all nationals ▪︎Level of study: Master’s and PhD Programs Fully Funded ▪︎Official Link: 
Chinese ft Ketchup by Jodie T 
There are so many mysteries in this universe, like why am I always hungry 30 minutes after stuffing myself with Chinese food?
The helpers are Chinese ... We are going to get our Land back guys, in due course #KwaMaMkhize
Everyone loves freedom & to be respected. Once Chinese Communist Party is still a totalitarian regime, noone wants to be ruled by the tyranny. So China's dream is dream only, it's time for CCP to wake up, and learn how to respect humanity, democracy & others' autonomy. 
Trump claims that  are going to start moving into the United States and building things here 
God is a Chinese man who looks exactly like Shrek
'It boggles the mind' — Federal judge blasts lax security at NAS Key West following Chinese intrusion 
#Taiwan's President Tsai ing-wen victory speech, in English and #Chinese  …
Yes sweetie
long island cuisine infinity stones are bagels, half off apps, acai bowls, pizza, penne a la vodka and chinese take out
A federal judge called security at one of the U.S. Navy's bases in Key West lax at best and "foolish," days after two Chinese nationals entered a military property by simply ignoring the guard at the entrance and driving through.  …
adidas YEEZY BOOST 350 V2 "Yeshaya" will be available in the US two weeks after its Chinese release  
Drama of the year & 1st Chinese drama to  top 50 drama globally #WeiboNight #微博之夜 #untamed #theuntamed #陈情令 #肖战 #王一博 #xiaozhan #wangyibo #忘羡 #wangxian #샤오잔 #초전 #왕일박 #이보 #진정령 #daytoy #魏无羡 
chinese is way harder than korean, and that’s shuhua’s first language. men be barely speaking one language and mock foreigners (who are actually good at multiple languages)  …
she came to korea from taiwan, not knowing a word of korean, and she tries her best to perfect her korean everyday. if he’s gonna be out here criticizing her korean let’s see him go to taiwan and learn chinese lmfao
Wow first event outside of Bangkok I think. #MewGulf will be at UD Town in Udon Thani (city in north eastern Thailand) on the 25th of January for Chinese New Year event. #MewSuppasit  …
#방탄소년단 #BTS @BTS_twt Chinese ARMY Chinese Jinnies more than 118,016 albums ㅠㅠ 
Tsai’s victory has nothing to do with Confucian value, but #Taiwan people’s determination to embrace democracy and freedom. By imposing “Chinese value” onto this special moment for #Taiwan to stand on its own is unfair.  …
'you dont look chinese' tf am i supposed to look like? a SIU MAI?  …
Me waiting for my chinese to arrive 4 seconds after I’ve ordered it 
Alright, who signed me up for the AT&T Chinese Boys department 
Chinese military scientists and strategists anticipate that today’s advances in brain science and biotechnology will be important to achieving advantage in future warfare.  …
More @weareoneEXO Chinese bar love from Weibo! Sehun, Chanbar, Xiumin, and Suho Bar have posted their lovely wishes #28YearsMyKyungsoo #스물여덟_도경수의날 #HappyDODay 
Giving a talk on applied evolutionary psychology to Chinese University of Hong Kong--Shenzhen on Mon Jan 13. Ping me if you're interested and you live in the Pearl River Delta megacity (pop ~100 million) 
Using facial recognition to track students at schools is something  in China. The issue is that they are using technology they can't handle. This is why all the information is publicly accessible. Protect your students and don't use Chinese Facial recognition systems. 
Wearable electronics are a new frontier in surveillance technology, as Chinese schools keep children in line with GPS-enabled “smart uniforms”. As the internet-of-things churns out more and more connected devices, expect to see new use cases for control.  …
Yesterday the Algerian protesters raised the flag of East #Turkistan in solidarity with Uyghur #Muslims and condemn the Chinese government's crimes. #Uyghur #UyghurRevival2020 
Millions of records with ID card numbers, phone numbers, GPS locations and direct accessible link to their school photo. Oh yes, the beauty of unsecured Chinese Facial Recognition systems keeps showing up online.  …
Chinese democracy. This is Taiwan’s president, re-elected in a landslide over Beijing’s preferred candidate  …
A Chinese New Year kit for Manchester United's warm-up today 
As I write in #BetrayingBigBrother, when Tsai Ing-wen first became president in 2016, a Chinese Communist Party-linked paper called her an excessively “emotional” single woman without children and therefore prone to “extreme” political positions. #TaiwanElection 
Getting rich by doing the wrong things: The secret to China’s success so far is the 19th century “American system” with Chinese characteristics. Really fascinating older blog post that reveals the historical vision behind @michaelxpettis take on China.  
A new bipartisan report makes  case that the Chinese Communist Party  crimes against humanity in Xinjiang. It's time for the free world to boycott products that contribute to these atrocities and CCP totalitarianism.  …
#HongKongProtesters calls for repairing the "Lennon Wall" today. Protesters gather in different districts to put new protest posters onto the Lennon Walls. Different arts are used & Chinese New Year red banners with protest msgs are found. Source: RTHK #HongKongProtests 
At what point does the price of engagement with China  too high? I explore this question by tracing Schwarzman College's relationship to the Chinese Communist Party, particularly the United Front--which, I discovered, helps select future Scholars:  …
Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Bhupesh Baghel: Those who are opposing #Chhapaak are Hitler supporters. They can't tolerate any type of opposition. The actor of this film has been called Pakistani, Chinese etc. just because she stood in support (of JNU students). 
Tay’s caption: Pae = แปะ = Chinese old man. #ออฟกัน  …
I live in the Northeast. The normal temperature should be in the 30’s. It’s 63 and sunny. But tell me again how climate change is a Chinese hoax. #ClimateCrisis #ClimateAction #GreenNewDeal
#Taiwan is gone for good. #HongKong is leaving. #China is splitting apart. What will be the next part to go? #EastTurkistan- #Xinjiang? #Tibet? In the not-too-distant future, the Chinese state will be smaller.  …
"The greatest is he who  the enemy without a blow." ~ Chinese Proverb
Spot on, @Jim_Jordan. The Dow Jones has increased nearly 11,000 points since @realDonaldTrump's election & touched an all-time high of 29,000! The wins  next week as @POTUS  Chinese Vice Premier Liu He to the @WhiteHouse to sign phase one of the trade  …
This #TaiwanElection feels even more special for many #HongKong-ers considering the 5th demand in HK’s ongoing protests is universal suffrage. Seeing a Chinese region (esp. one that also campaigns in traditional Chinese) exercising democracy might even be emotional to some HK-ers
Manchester United warm up in their special Chinese New Year kit 
No wonder CIA are hiding Halper and won't let Halper answer Inspector General's questions. We want to know what this China expert who does not speak Chinese and just makes it up did with one million dollars of taxpayer money. Halper was paid for China-Russia study. 
Chinese esports hits different absolutely breathtaking  …
Late night sketch for fun - Haetae! Haetae is a legendary creature in Korean and Chinese mythology. Its name means 'the officer of sun'. Isn't it cool? 
Nike Air Max 1 “Chinese New Year” 
200111: • mark's 1st chinese single (outta my head) + encore fanmeeting in shanghai • bambam's unicef event • jackson's weibo night awards • yugyeom at the nba game #GOT7 @GOT7Official 
A special Chinese New Year Man Utd kit #PL LIVE:  
A sponsorship deal between FC Cologne and a Chinese  was put on hold. China have also threatened to not broadcast a Bundesliga matchday due to an #Effzeh member council head labeling the country a “brutal dictatorship," reports  …
Hi! I'm a Chinese N.FiaI'm glad to make new friends here. I can't speak English very wellBut I will try my best  with you! Let's walk N.flying together to the age of eighty. #NFlying #엔플라잉 #SeungHyub #ChaHun #JaeHyun #HweSeung #DongSung
At the ongoing Happy Chinese New Year festival hosted at Makerere University, the Vice Chancellor @ProfNawangwe has announced that the Government of the People’s Republic of China approved Makerere’s request to host the Headquarters of Confucius Institutes in 
Chinese Foreign minister Wang Yi arrives in Harare today. Traditionally, the foreign ministry's first trip of the year is to Africa. In recent years, Beijing has shown reluctance to bring fresh money into Zimbabwe, raising concern over the handling of its funds by govt. 
Chinese scientists have found a new alternative to wearing condoms 
#TaiwanElection Taiwanese Say No to China, After the Failure of "One Country Two Systems" in Hong Kong Thanks to Carrie Lam! You're the light of democracy for the Chinese Diaspora! Photo:  … #TaiwanElection #DemocracyforHK #HongKong 
The people of Taiwan have spoken loud & clear in this #TaiwanElection. Through voting, we reaffirm that Taiwan, the only democracy in the Chinese-speaking world, is a sovereign nation that believes deeply in freedoms and human rights. All of us should be very proud today. 
“The United States shouldn't be sharing valuable intelligence information with countries that allow an intelligence-gathering arm of the Chinese Communist Party to operate freely within their borders.”  …
We were at an Indian restaurant and my grandma asked the waiter if the food had LSD in it... (she meant MSG like what they often put in Chinese takeaways)
“Not only is #Taiwan a proxy for much of the world’s strategy to deal with the consequences of an increasingly authoritarian #China, but also Taiwan has been on the front lines of the Chinese #Communist #Party’s aggression for  …
Elon Musk took a page from Theresa May and danced like no one was watching to celebrate Tesla’s new Chinese plant 
Under a long-term deal sealed by the Obama admin, a Chinese  was set to control the 2nd busiest container port in the U.S. In an unreported @realDonaldTrump admin victory, the Communists are out after a national security review. 
"Americans intended to introduce freedom to China, but instead traded it for Chinese money": Future of America’s Contest with China  …
I'm glad to see systematic research on adopted Chinese girls. I've long thought they were a potentially useful check on hypotheses that East Asian scores reflect sample selection bias.  …
yibo reposted xu zheng’s weibo post with:  this KPI… i speedily followed making every effort to help…… everybody remember to watch “lost in russia” on the first day of Chinese New Year!!! — and he really followed xu zheng after that! #WangYibo 
People have told me that the world needs to recognize Taiwan as Taiwan, not as Chinese Taipei.  …
Taiwan watched the streets of Hong Kong and increased Chinese aggression — and turned out to be sure Beijing’s candidate didn’t win in Taiwan. Good news.  …
Thinking of my friends and family in #Taiwan. Congratulations to President Tsai. Huge result. She clearly blew the doors off. Massively significant for the region - hope this can be a moment for a positive reboot of Chinese-Taiwanese relations.  …
Why is a 22GB database containing 56 million US folks' personal details sitting on the open internet using a Chinese IP address? Seriously, why? • The Register  …
This is what the revolution looks like! Taiwan sends a powerful message to the world they want democracy and not Chinese control! #TaiwanVotes @FreedomHKG @hk_watch @Fight4HongKong @Stand_with_HK @SolomonYue @BeWaterHKG @HongKongFP @hkdc_us #HongKong #HK  …
Bad news for the Chinese Communist Party...which always means good news for liberty! Taiwan votes for sovereignty & displays solidarity with the freedom-fighters of Hong Kong.  …
How much of Tsai’s tsunami of a victory can be attributed to Xi Jinping’s hardline policy in Hong Kong? Did Xi unwittingly ensure her re-election? If so, can people please stop saying Chinese leaders are unmatched strategic thinkers because (pick one) Sun-Tsu or Zhou Enlai quote?  …
The Chinese government offers financial rewards for tip-offs on believers who are hiding from persecution and uses intimidation tactics against their families.  …
I love chinese calligraphy proud of my culture 
Grandma Wong has been arrested. She wrote that she had been detained by mainland Chinese authorities in mid-August and charged with "picking quarrels and provoking troubles."  …
1% pay rise last year. Low wage rises to ensure the legacy of the facility where I work, apparently. Also, to bring us in line with our Chinese co-workers. CEO getting $5mil though.  is at pains to stress its "care" value...
Taiwan’s pro-independence president is leading the vote count in Taiwan’s latest election. In Hong Kong’s November election, the pro-democracy candidates won 17 out of 18 districts. Where people in China can vote, they do so against the Chinese Communist Party.
#GOT7 member #JacksonWang and Chinese actor #JingBoran trend on China’s Twitter-like Sina Weibo for cutely forming a temporary duo when walked on the red carpet of the 2019 Weibo Awards Ceremony on Saturday. #王嘉尔 
Country representatives in the Finals 6: China 1: Chinese Taipei, Korea, Japan, Denmark #MalaysiaMastersSuper500
#Taiwan's DPP leader Tsai Ing-wen is expected to sweep a landslide victory in elections, and analysts from Chinese mainland forecast more obstacles in cross-Straits relations after her reelection, leading to some calling for a firm preparation for reunification. 
8 year old daughter proudly tells me she got a 93 on her Chinese test today at school. She was really proud because her teacher got up in class and says this 93 was better than all the 100's because her parents are linguistically challenged. "See you don't speak Chinese Dad."
Paid a courtesy call to Chinese Ambassador to Ghana, H.E. Shi Ting Wang. The meeting was engaging and full of positive discussions. #LetGodLead 
Thank  chinese 
Bangladesh which used to mostly operate Chinese military systems is now eager to shift towards American ones. BAF is in talks with US gov't for Apache attack helicopters & 2nd hand F-16C/Ds. Also wants partnership with a western shipbuilder for her light frigate project.
The China-Pakistan military exercise concluded its shore-port training yesterday. The Chinese-Pakistan mixed warships set sail today from Karachi Port, Pakistan,traveling to the North Arabian Sea. The second phase of the exercise will be a live-fire drill at sea. 
Here's further confirmation that the grey tiled area is indeed part of the property of the #BritishConsulate in #HongKong, where video has been shown of #HongKongPolice. This is an incursion by Chinese Hong Kong law enforcement agents on British soil. Images via someone on TG 
Presenting “Love, Money, and Parenting” in China. Answering questions raised online by the Chinese audience. Among them: “My son went to study abroad and now wants to marry a foreign woman. What should I do?” “Well, that’s what I did myself... and it has worked just great!” 
Hunter Biden May Be Profitting Off A Brutal Chinese-Owned Mine In Africa  …
Dear Commanders, Here is a preview of S.A.T.8's costume that will be available as a costume package on Jan. 14th! Wintersweet flower has always been a symbol of toughness in Chinese culture. Maybe she has chosen this theme in the hope of gaining the same toughness! 
 smart home, Wallpaper-thin TV... Check out the trendy technologies brought by  at #CES2020. #CES 
CP fans call this 招蜂引蝶 (a Chinese idiom: to attract bees and butterflies) meaning to dress or act in a way with an aim of attracting the other person. #bjyx 
New Taipei City Legislative Yuan candidate and noted homophobe Li Weng Yue-e just conceded her defeat. She shares the same given in Chinese name as Carrie Lam, producing this blessed line on the news ticker: 「月娥宣布敗選」or the equivalent of “Carrie admits election defeat”.  …
He sings Chinese song cover 小酒窩 (Small Dimple) Song by JJ Lin #BAEKHO_liday_IN_Macau
So quick at hyping about ex-members but couldn't even hype the only Chinese member who choose to stay despite being hated because of ex-members doing. Eggsoel #LayWeiboAwards
Curtain falls on Chinese film festival as censorship intensifies  
M*lays are so high up in their asses that they cant be criticised in any way at all. Had a chinese or an indian call them out, they'd shout back, "THIS IS RACISM!!" But when malay themselves call them out as a whole, "stop badmouthing your race," or "racist to your own kind."
Double block works for Korea , now with 2-1 lead (18-25, 25-9, 25-15) against Chinese Taipei Full #FIVBCOQT coverage:  #Tokyo2020 #Volleyball 
I dunno how many times people need to hear this but the current Chinese political system is functionally  Aesthetically sure but that doesn't really mean crap.
Inspiration from the prosperity of the Chinese Royal Garden Yuanmingyuan（Summer Palace）.  of dynamic and static shows the trace of Chinese traditional civilization.  #heavengaia #fashiondesign #china 
Donald Trump is "making the world a very dangerous place" by escalating tensions with Iran, a leading Chinese diplomat has warned 
By contrast, in Hong Kong, the police have the lowest public rating among all disciplinary forces (with a worst score than even the Chinese army). HK Police is increasingly seen as a tool for suppressing political dissent, rather than serving the public.   …
US Government is jealous of the control Chinese government has over their people. Now they funded Android  preinstalled with unremovable malware for low  folks #1984  …
Is Canada at risk from a mysterious Chinese virus related to SARS?  
As Taiwan elects its President today, let us not forget that one of its citizens, Li Ming-Che, remains in a mainland Chinese jail simply for believing in freedom and human rights #FreeLiMingChe This is what I wrote in March  …
This is the first one of the series books on Chinese beetles. Totally, this series will contains 22 parts of 17 volumes.  …
Who are the smartest students in the world? The Chinese, according to an @OECD study of school-aged children in 79 countries. More via @business:  
#MarkTuan_OuttaMyHead Mark improved his Chinese so much! It's a shame the lyrics don't match the MV, so it'll be great if next song he would have the chance to shoot an actual music video. @mtuan93 @GOT7Official one of your members released a new song please promote it
For all those who think Asians and Chinese people can't do democracy, here's some proof it's possible. #TaiwanElection #Taiwan2020 
You know the Chinese movie lit when people have this haircut 
I've heard a rumour that Cadburys is bringing out an oriental chocolate bar? Could be a Chinese Wispa.
Mark's first Digital Album got a Gold Certification within 2 hours of release only and already surpassed JYPE's chinese group Boy Story in terms of Sales only after an hour! #MarkTuan #마크 @mtuan93 #MarkTuan_OuttaMyHead #MarkTuan1stChineseSingle #GOT7 
Jackson: Hello we are nian gao we stick together #JacksonWang_WeiboAwards Nian gao is Chinese new year cake that is sticky and sweet 
This #bird was new to science less than 20 years ago, until two #Chinese ornithologists discovered it in the village of Nonggang, #Guangxi Province, south #China, naming the bird after the place where it was found, the “Nonggang Babbler”  
[TRANS] 200111 #JUN Weibo Update “Yo yo~ Check it out~ Give me a set of cold noodles with chinese pork burger~~”  … @pledis_17 @pledis_17jp #세븐틴 #SEVENTEEN 
Chinese girls be going to battle with eyebrows I guess  …
Not you saying this after demanding kris and his fans apologize lmfaoo please don’t pretend to care about the mistreatment of a Chinese artist just to push your anti agenda  …
op said she's no longer a girlfriend fan, but a wife fan. op: sicheng, can you please say something makes my heart flutter  home with me in chinese new year 
Many anti-american Nigerians here I don't see much anti-Chinese here even though the latter is slowly colonizing their country. I tweet pro-U.S policies, they swarm and attack. Now ask them to choose where they would love to visit between China and U.S, they will 90% choose U.S
#YUQI called Yeoreum of WJSN during her bday Vlive to wish her a happy birthday and sing her the bday song in Chinese. She also told her that she will give her the gift she bought her at the next fanmeet She's is such a good friend #G_I_DLE 
A kindly follower gave me this GREAT and EXCITING book for Christmas! It all about ME! Me think it called: "GRUNTLEIGH THE OGRON in an EXCITING ADVENTURE with the BANANAS" in Turkish or Chinese or something, but me not 100% sure. Anyone have any ideas? 
ONE MORE SPECIES WENT EXTINCT The Chinese paddlefish was an iconic fish, measuring up to 7 m in length, dating back from 200 million years ago, swimming the rivers since dinosaurs ruled the Earth REASONS FOR EXTINCTION overfishing and dam building Declared EXTINCT yesterday 
OP: can you write something that will make my heart flutter? Winwin: go home with me this Chinese New Year!!! 
Army Chief on the proposed hotline between armies of India and China: There will soon be a hotline between Indian Director General Military Operations and the Chinese Western Command. 
Just in: Indian & Chinese army to have a hotline. All issues resolved. Hotline between DGMO & Chinese Army's western 
guanlin arrived! he said he’s working on some behind the scenes stuff (most probably settling his team as previously mentioned) and he hopes to start work well again after chinese new year~ 
連一張相都唔能夠容忍⋯⋯ You believe civil liberty is what makes HK different from other Chinese cities, but the difference is indeed fading away.  … #chinazi #China_is_terrorist 
Chinese calligraphy photoshoot #ZhuZanJin #朱赞锦 #จูจ้านจิ่น 
Nobody: Literally not a single soul: Singaporean Chinese men who also happen to be Christian and came from the Gifted Education Programme in Singapore’s top elite school: 
Chinese President Xi Jinping conferred the prestigious honour during a ceremony at the Great Peoples Hall in Beijing. #CPEC #BRI @zlj517 @CathayPak @WangXianfeng8  …
Saw @authoramish speak on #CAA to the Chinese govt equivalent of Al Jazeera. Liked the bit abt +ve discrimination & especially “we are a democracy you know, so ppl have a right to express their opinion” ;) The Heat: India’s citizenship bill Pt 1 
1/ 【First death from China mystery illness outbreak】 Remember the Chinese New Year  soon (start from 25th Jan)....!!!! Many Chinese  to Japan....REMEMBER.. Man dies in outbreak that has infected 41 people as early tests point to new type of...
A 61-year-old man dies from pneumonia in the central Chinese city of Wuhan in an outbreak of a yet to be identified virus. 
WYB's signature scent Bleu De Chanel in Chinese is called 'Wei Lan' (No joke) #bjyx  …
[STATS] 200111 NetEase I Love You 3000 Chinese Version has entered NetEase's Rising Charts at #9 Stream the song at NetEase and share it on weibo/wechat to chart it higher  … #JacksonWang #王嘉尔 #잭슨 #TEAMWANG #GOT7 @JacksonWang852 
How would Trump attack Yang? Would he attack his UBI/FD? His democracy dollars? That he is Chinese American? His Medicare public option? Yang is 5% in Iowa, 10% in N Mex, 7% in Cali & rising. Trump attacks the front runners. So something to consider. Thoughts?
Before you hail Chinese and Indian business models in developing countries like Nigeria, speak to the people who work for them. Many of  are evil for lack of a better word. It was here we read about a  that flogs people when  late to work.
On January 11, Chinese authorities reported to @WHO that, with use of the genomic test kit, the number of cases affected by the new coronavirus in #Wuhan, #China was narrowed from the previous 59 suspected cases to 41 cases. (1/3)
NOW mama mbogas, baba kibandas will start paying 3% turnover tax to KRA on top of the Kanjo fees. Money needed to pay the Chinese loans, fund BBI conferences , and referendum to add us more seats.... Na masafara munapiga Makofi #Wajinganyinyi
The Chinese have long used fireworks (焰火) to start the new year with yang (陽) energy. The increasing use of drones (無人機) in lieu of fireworks has serious Feng Shui implications as both lack of people (無人) and the wood radical in 機 represent yin (陰). In this essay I will 
mark, an american-born in a korean bg who also debuted in japan is now slowly making his mark in thailand & china. the ambassador of davines + vivo thailand, model for LipTiara & today releasing his 1st chinese single & ranked 1 #MarkTuan_OuttaMyHead 
(8/n) The  party is pushing an idea of "one country, two systems" on Taiwan. But that's not working out too well over in #HongKong. As you might expect, the people of #Taiwan have been watching the #HongKongProtesters  …
did my first animation it’s wendy doing the tiktok dance of chinese new year by sales hshshsgs i tried 
mark released his first chinese single bambam unicef event jackson weibo awards yugyeom attended a nba game jaebeom uploaded on his ig meanwhile, 2young cannot be found.
LeBron is trending so I'm gonna use it as an opportunity to remind you that he's a paid puppet for the Chinese regime and doesn't want you talking about the oppression of the brave people of Hong Kong or the Uyghurs.
Action against Chinese Dor #SaveBirds #DonotUseChineseDor #NineArrested #LudhianaPolice 
Health authorities in the central Chinese city of Wuhan reports the country's first death from a new type of coronavirus. 
Baekho messages to loves great fortune and luck Promotion and pay raise this year will miss / think of you always you like me? you have great taste His Chinese writing is so cute! That last msg is soo cheeky Original pic cr @lov3kbh #BAEKHO_liday_IN_Macau #백호 
Chinese state media on Saturday reported the first known death from a new virus that has infected dozens of people across Asia 
marktuanbar bought 14000+ and the 2nd top spender bought 10000+ chinese fans are amazing
She wrote him Jawi love letters, He only reads Chinese calligraphies. -Rupi Kaur
#ABC_challenge is intended to raise the world awareness of 's economic infiltration to oppress world's freedom & human rights Share your #AnywherebutChina items w the #ABC_challenge too!! Stand against the CCP by avoiding any Chinese brands and “made in China” products 
A win for Tsai is *not* indicative of a lack of Chinese disinformation efforts. That said, origin & scope of said efforts is often assumed before it's proven, which has risks for democracy & political cohesion—it's been a tough balance for Taiwan to strike   …
The new Chinese coronavirus again reveals that the chIna food  with globalization can prove to be a major source of emergent diseases. One wonders if the "plague" recorded in chIna history arose from similar interactions
GOT7's Mark Amazes With The Release Of His First Chinese Single  …
yuè 月 in chinese
Congratulations @mtuan93 on your first Chinese solo release! We are so proud of you for creating Outta My Head! Thank you for sharing this beautiful song with Ahgases! #MarkTuan_OuttaMyHead #MarkTuan1stChineseSingle #GOT7 
Chinese artist @Badiucao has published a cartoon of #Taiwan election hopeful, & Beijing-favourite, Han  with the likeness of Xi Jinping. Full on-the-ground coverage of the #TaiwanElection today on HKFP:  
Mark's first Chinese single, proud is an understatement to what I'm feeling right now. I'm so happy for him. I will always support him he deserves this so much!  … @mtuan93 #MarkTuan_OuttaMyHead #MarkTuan1stChineseSingle @GOT7Official #GOT7
OUTTA MY HEAD chinese version!!!!!! 
The End Of The "Chinese Miracle" - China is reaching the end of its debt-driven economic model, and thus well-along in the end-game of the “Chinese Miracle”  …
It’s so good!!!! OUTTA MY HEAD chinese version #MarkTuan_OuttaMyHead 
I get it from my momma Filipino & Chinese ting 
So inspired by the spectacle taking place tonight in Taiwan—millions of Chinese people exercising the free right to vote! They can take away your flag emoji, but not your freedom.
Two of the greatest mysteries of the universe: 1) Why are we here? 2)  Chinese restaurants don’t serve breakfast?
learning a new language is hard. especially chinese and korean. but if you want to understand, either learn the language or wait for subs. many are generous enough to take time to put together translations. don’t demand anyone to speak anything other than their native tongue.
Mark’s first Chinese single ‘Outta My Head’ will release in 30 minutes! Please trend these hashtags in support! #MarkTuan_OuttaMyHead #MarkTuan1stChineseSingle @mtuan93 #GOT7 
Japan’s efforts to foil Chinese expansionism thru SE Asia continues as Indonesian pres Jokowi announces joint project in its Natuna islands - scene of an escalating standoff with Chinese fishing fleet - to boost capacity of Indonesian fishermen and build tourism infrastructure.  …
yue liang（月亮）in Chinese tsuki (月) in Japanese Bulan in Malay. Yes, it sounds beautiful in every language I know so far. <3
It’s time for Dems to take a moral (& honestly rational) position & publicly support Taiwan: “While many congressional Dems support Taiwanese sovereignty, the nation has never been perceived as a core plank of a Democratic foreign policy hesitant to anger the Chinese government.”  …
Among the unruly foreigners in 2019, Chinese nationals were dubbed as the rudest to arrive at Philippine airports, based on statistics from the Bureau of Immigration. 
200111 Happy Chinese new year from Yixing for Daniel Wellington's limited edition red strap Suffolk @itisDW 
PLEASE stop reducing the untamed to just the “chinese gay thing”  …
Today is a day ending in “y” which means it’s time for another data aggregator breach: “Why is a 22GB database containing 56 million US folks' personal details sitting on the open internet using a Chinese IP address? Seriously, why?”  …
Unpopular food opinion: Chinese food is my least fav. Like I have never craved it in my life
To CCP: Release #AlexandraWong (arrested in HK but now in )! Stop hurting #SimonCheng’s families & fds! (He is in now but his families got threatened by ) Release Chinese Medicine Volunteers who helped HK Protesters (in )! Down Down Big Brother Country!  …
One person has died from a mysterious pneumonia outbreak in the Chinese city of Wuhan, with several more in critical condition 
Heaven Gaia at Paris fashion week by a Chinese designer Xiong Ying 
Journos, by request, here is the second half of my primer, this time focusing on Chinese names, i.e. @TheFarewell (another Oscar-worthy film) and #Mulan. Yes, there are exceptions, but when in doubt, ask! #POC 
China's Religious Affairs Office has announced that not only must all religious organizations get state approval for any activity they undertake. They are also expected to “spread the principles and policies of the Chinese Communist Party.”  
People keep asking of my recent piece  you don't write about Chinese saying things about Malays?" Because I'm not going to steal your victimhood for my work. And honestly... partly it's because the ones who do already get arrested. Nak I call them out untuk apa?
Many #HongKong ppl visit #Taiwan to witness the Presidential election. After #TsaiIngWen’s campaign, Hong Kongers chanted “Taiwan, cheer up!” Taiwanese replied with “Hong Kong, cheer up!” My best wishes to this last free country in Chinese speaking world. #台灣加油 @appledaily_hk  
Once a delicacy eaten by Chinese emperors, one of world's largest fish just went extinct  …
#BREAKING Chinese health authorities report first death from pneumonia outbreak 
Chinese state media on Saturday reported the first known death from a new virus that has infected dozens of people across Asia 
. @WaltDisneyWorld Unveils New Poster For Mickey And Minnie's Runaway Railway These posters will be featured throughout the Chinese Theater as a part of the attraction they will be based on previous #MickeyMouseShorts . #MickeyMouse 
Chinese Animated movies are  a battlefield. Fresh off of the beautiful White Snake: The Origin, director Zhao Ji and Light Chaser Animation Studio are producing New Seal God: NeZha Reborn #新封神哪吒重生 They're planning on releasing it this 
What all this is really about: “Oh you’re Chinese diaspora? I bet you can’t pass native Chinese though, and your failure or refusal to do so disqualifies you from having a view on China worth considering.”  …
Would you ask a Chinese to divest from being ethnic Chinese in their own nation? Would you ask an African black in Africa to divest from being black? Fuck no you wouldn't. You just hate Whitey and you want them to give up EVERYTHING including their identity so you can crush them.  …
The Chinese name for Isabelline Wheatear is 沙䳭, shā-jí, literally translated as "Sand Chat". 
13 Sentinels: Aegis Rim Announced for March 19, 2020 Release in Traditional Chinese and Korea -  
Swedish scholar Johanna Malm is one of the world's leading researchers on China-DRC relations & she now joins the growing number of experts who refute the still widely-held China "debt trap" narrative. "Chinese financiers want their money back," she said.  …
With #CNY only 2 weeks away, the Singapore Chinese Orchestra’s wonderful concert last night, Rhapsodies of Spring 2020 certainly put everyone in the right mood for the festive season. They have 2 more performances tdy! – LHL  
Want to discuss $KAVA and DeFi?  members created many local language Telegram groups for just that! Chinese  Russian  Turkish  Indian @Kavaindia Vietnamese  
i promised myself that i  on this but you know me i cannot keep my mouth shut: oli london has married a cardboard j*m*n. it was all over chinese and korean news. the odds of j seeing that is quite high. and you know why? because all of us gave him publicity.
1. The United States newest sanctions against the Iranian regime for their missile attacks against US Troops in Iraq includes actions against Pamchel Trading Co., a  out of Beijing, for dealing with Iran's metals industry.  …
This thing won’t ship before Chinese New Year I feel very sad 
Seriously 'Vikings'? A horned helmet? I know historical accuracy is not at all important in this show but now you're just trolling historians aren't you? Cheeky monkeys. May Thor give you Chinese burns. If you want to see a better (and more fun) Viking show, watch Norsemen ! 
Another Chinese policy of SNL quality.  …
One of the largest  platforms in China ran a  in which a man introduces his male partner to his family on the Chinese New Year.  …
me talking to nosy relatives during chinese new year 
Chinese dumpling party with entomologists at Hulcr-Lucky labs! Lots of dumplings and insect talk! ⁦ @JiriHulcr⁩ ⁦ @Aluckymyrmex⁩ ⁦ @ymilesz⁩ ⁦ @JLWilliAnts ⁦ @HornfeldtJacob⁩ and 
#TaiwanElection The long term study in the #Chinese/ #Taiwanese identity of Taiwanese: Taiwanese identity has exceeded 50% since the time of Ma Ying-jeou, Chinese identity only sat at 3.6%; however, Chinese identity was once higher than Taiwanese identity since... 
Well here are two images of Chinese women’s relay teams in 2019: One team of women  at IAAF World Relay Championships (flag photo). The other team winning the domestic national championship. As national stars  international team members the interest is valid.  
Nike’s Chinese New  featuring the ubiquitous hongbao, made me smile, laugh and cry. 
A wrong assumption that people threw on me was I am the descendent of a megat lineage simply because of my name. Dear mumsie has a Raja title whose married to a  I dont inherit the Raja title and my mum is the last. No correlation w/ megat terawis or Perak  …
Chinese father hires virtual hitman to 'kill' son in online games - so he will get a job  via @MailOnline
The Chinese Paddlefish, Which Lived for 200 Million Years, Is Now Extinct:  …
No disrespect to The Environment but if my Chinese food do  in this container I DONT WANT IT 
#China is stepping up its nuclear missile development with a test of a weapon capable of hitting #US mainland The Chinese navy tested the JL-3 Julang ("Big Wave") missile — which it ultimately intends to pair with its next-generation nuclear submarines  …
Lets let the Chinese make our medications for us because what could possibly go wrong?  …
The Chinese say they are re-educating Uighurs by teaching them Chinese and vocational skills. The U.S. calls the situation one of the worst human rights crises of our time. @nickschifrin and @DanSagalyn reported on this last year. 
Here I am talking to @CKNW's @jillreports about the millions of dollars that #Huawei is continuing to spend on research at UBC, even as some professors fear a crackdown by the US and shun the Chinese  money  …
Tonight’s #CowboysQuestions is you are getting Chinese and can only pick one carb. Which are you going for?
Yes! I once picked up a Chinese grandma hitchhiker and she asked if I had kids. I said no, and she said "then all the world's children are your children. You have time for them that parents don't have." It was the nicest thing about not being a mother than anyone ever said to me.
Orbital launches set for the next week include two Chinese missions — using Kuaizhou 1A and Long March 2D rockets — and a flight of a European Ariane 5 rocket from French Guiana with payloads for Japan and South Korea. List of  orbital missions:  
"Why didn't my grandfather like me?" - Chinese grandparents and grandchildren shared secrets in this promo for The Farewell 
Imagine ordering Chinese and these two turn up  …
Hi #IAmNonbinary! I'm Michelle, an independent filmmaker/videographer, writer & Chinese brush artist from Aotearoa. I'm also a hanfu enthusiast & occasional maker of zines!     
Waiting for chinese takeaway tonight, older guy ranting about 'that wee Nicola will ruin us with independence', let him rant on, got my order, said to him about potential increase in pension to match EU countries if we get Indy then said 'I'll see you at the march tomorrow'! 1/
Xi'an, the capital city of Shaanxi Province, is ready for celebrating Chinese lunar new year.  friends from all of the world and enjoy the Chinese Spring Festival in Xi'an 
"Here's the world's largest imperialist country and the world's largest theocratic republic, on a social media platform of the world's largest socialist nation, using Standard Chinese to engage in a fierce diplomatic fight."   …
Tales of Silk Road! Chinese dance drama featuring love story on ancient #SilkRoad debuts in 
Starbucks staff: Name? Me: It’s Huw Starbucks: Sue? Me: No, Huw Starbucks: Who? Me: Huw Starbucks: Is that H-U-G-H? Me: No it’s H-U-W Starbucks: Is that Chinese? Me: Call me Ed.  …
My mom just shouted our Chinese food order over the phone to make sure they understood what we wanted. 
"The mothers are plowing up to $70,000 into the country to give birth." That's the defence of a lucrative racket serving Chinese millionaires, and to merely cover this story responsibly, as the CBC did, is to be hectored for circulating "negative immigrant tropes."  …
Quite a bit of an early image but some concept I need to work on. Chinese New Year orcane 
The ancient Chinese paddlefish was just declared extinct — no thanks to a massive Yangtze Dam that split its population. 
CHINESE NEW YEAR GIVEAWAY WILL BE 1 WINNER TO CHOOSE FROM CROW PET AND ARCTIC REINDEER PET! Retweet this with a adopt me tag & follow me Tag 2 friend below! Ily all! Have a happy lunar new year <3 (even if u don’t celebrate :D) Happy New Years from me 
"Mum, this is Kelvin": a Chinese ad featuring a gay couple during Lunar New Year has won widespread praise  
Tibet tarred and paved 43,000km of rural road network in just 5 years. That is a third of South Africa’s tarred road net work of 158,000km. It means half of the 459,000km gravel road network in this country could have been tarred since 1994 if the ANC were serious like Chinese.
China has 350 million smokers - meaning the Chinese smoking population is higher than the entire population of the United States.
Iran crisis: Donald Trump 'making the world a more dangerous place', says Chinese diplomat  …
President Duterte doesn’t have a “good heart.” He doesn’t care about Filipinos. He doesn’t care about Davao. There are several documented incidents. He does not protect Filipino interest against the Chinese in the West Philippine Sea. He does not go to work.  …
I wonder if Chinese media discuss all this economic sh*t like India media does. I have never heard of any famous Chinese economist either. Let alone Nobel prize winning ones  …
Why is a 22GB database containing 56 million US folks' personal details sitting on the open internet using a Chinese IP address? Seriously, why?  … via @theregister
i literally cannot wait for chinese new year. it's the year of tekashi 6ix9ine
This week I met a Chinese healthtech startup that’s over a year old which I’d never heard of till this week with primary health clinics in Lagos whose core model is using AI to drive/guide its physicians’ diagnostics and therapeutic decisions.  …
if you don’t like Chinese food honestly.. wtf is wrong with you lol
...cases, like the USSR or Japan, we will have no reason to assume that this time will be any different, nor any ability to engineer a better adjustment. But while there is now a ferocious debate (not always in the open) among Chinese economist about China’s prospects, and a...
Some Black Guy and Chinese Friend are by best friends 
The Chinese government's mass detention of Uighur and other Turkic Muslims in Xinjiang is part of Xi Jinping's effort to exert strict political (and religious) control over the region as part of his Belt and Road Initiative. 
One of the Yangzi’s rarest species, the giant Chinese paddlefish, has been declared functionally extinct 
Lunar New Year is in roughly 2 weeks & as a proud Chinese person, i figure i give u all fair warning. I, AND ALL OTHER ASIANS WHO CELEBRATE THE HOLIDAY, AM ALLOWED TO DO LITERALLY ANYTHING I WANT ON JANUARY 25 WITH ABSOLUTELY NO CONSEQUENCES. GL AND MAY U BE SPARED FROM MY ANTICS
This Sunday on Full Measure: when the government plays "I Spy," a game of Chinese checkers, and a look at why soldiers miss war. #china #surveillance #fullmeasurenews 
Zheng He (1371-1433) was a great Chinese navigator.  7 voyages to around 30 countries in western Pacific & Indian Ocean. Zheng’s fleet paid 4 visits to Mombasa, enhancing mutual understanding between China & Kenya. There’s a statue of Zheng He in Mombasa. 
Valve Releases New Survey Suggesting Chinese Now Most Popular Language for Steam  
US troops are still posting to TikTok despite concerns about Chinese spies, and there's not much the Defense Department can do about it  …
RIP Huawei Mate 30 Pro. You'll be missed. Stolen by some dickhead in a Vegas casino. Have fun with a Chinese market phone that doesn't have Google.
Italian vulgar, but trustworthy, page Dagospia, managed to find out more about the Chinese lady physically attacked by Francis. Here's what she said before & as she was slapped: "Why destroy their faith? Why destroy the Chinese? [Look for] the Chinese [feelings]. [Talk] to me!”  …
[IKYMI] 180110 Throwback Kyungsoo was on the cover of the January 5th issue EPOP magazine Chinese version #도경수 #디오 #DO (D.O.) #DohKyungSoo 
Thanks for all the love that Simba and myself have been getting He is a Shar-Pei - Pitbull and Chinese Chow-Chow cross according to his vet. I didn't buy him, I actually got him for free! Remember to love and cherish your pets, keep them well fed and hydrated!
When one Chinese bank expands operations with Nigerian depositors, they'll   …
In 2019, I spent a lot of time on Douyin (domestic Chinese TikTok). Along the way, I laughed at a lot of funny videos, some of which didn’t make it to the west. Here are my top 10 of 2019
Francis X Bushman donated his home an land on Hollywood Blvd to Sid Grauman who built Grauman's Chinese Theater on it... 
"Chinese students aren’t brainwashed" Op-ed by anonymous Chinese student at McMaster University following de-ratification of the school's Chinese Students and Scholars Association.  …
Another #Mosque destroyed in #China The famous 'Floating Mosque' next to the Yellow River in Lanzhou has been demolished by the #Chinese authorities. 
A lot of Americans don't realize the fear that international students and researchers have when they work here and strive to maintain their legal status for their research. I know Chinese, Iranian, and Syrian students who all avoid leaving the US now in fear of being detained.
The art of the tornado chug is a Chinese secret mastered by @hebeipangzai FULL VIDEO:  … 
[RT's appreciated ] A Chinese chorus!! My long overdue project that finally got done after almost a year and a half 8’D thank you everyone who's a part of it~ #爱情公寓 #iPartment Full ver (pls leave a like  We worked rlly hard on this ;u;):  
Today, Treas Sec Mnuchin said #China is not a big buyer of #Iran's oil and Chinese  are not buying any such oil:  . Well, Chinese tankers linked to a state  have recently been turning off their trackers to hide Iran oil cargoes.
it’s yue 月 in chinese
Chiang Chung mao tse tao Chung tsing chawnn chwin!!!..... relax it's a Chinese way of saying GOOD NIGHT and sweet dreams
me making an account on weibo for lisa even tho I can only read ‘hello’, ‘lisa/lalisa’ and ‘blackpink’ in chinese 
I always get a kick out of treating Vietnam War veterans because when they see me they always at some point end up asking me, sometimes with narrowed eyes, "...are you Vietnamese?" No sir Im Chinese, now let's talk about the color of your stool
I'm sure this January was made by a Chinese man because it's not even lasting like the previous ones
China condemns all types of terrorism. Chinese people's hearts are with Pakistan people. #Antiterrorism @MoIB_Official @ForeignOfficePk  …
 to Danmei 101! I'll help you to understand  abbreviations in the ancient chinese gay twitter HOB = himbo official's blessing TGCF = the gay chinese fantasy SVSSS = shit villain shizun is so sexy 2HA = 2 hurt ur ass
Official images and release info for the Kyrie 6 "Chinese New Year" SEE MORE:  
The slaughter has already begun...#Shameon##you #Australia!! they're blaming them on drinking the water because they're in a drought. Mean while there's a  that's been pulling water out of Australia during this whole thing it's 
Kyrie 6 "Chinese New Year" official images Releases January 15th ->  
Oh great... lush and dad went out for a Chinese banquet... what did they bring me? Two sodding grapes... 
Reading all  from people who are acting like it's a special favor for delivery drivers to go to the door makes me wonder how old they are. Pizza and Chinese food delivery always came to the door. Yes even in apartments. Heck, movies still use that as a plot device!
Congressional leaders express concern about reports of the World Bank Group requiring employees from Taiwan to obtain Chinese passports:  
Ans: Sunglasses. Ancient Chinese judges used them to conceal their emotions when questioning witnesses. Sorry no one won :)
A Nigerian Police Officer & his Chinese Counterpart. 
The man filming this video said: “look at these #Chinese in #USA. Tell me, what have Chinese ppl done in foreign countries?!” A decade has gone by but tourists still lack basic etiquettes. & if u tell them off, they’ll shout “w/o from , ur country’ll be dead by now!” 
US markets have been performing well. The US President can openly say the best is yet  Interesting. Chinese govt dare not do so, as this way if market slumps, investors would ask govt  them. This reflects different national conditions of China and the US.  …
Excellent review of laboratory findings and remaining questions. Mystery virus found in Wuhan resembles bat viruses but not SARS, Chinese scientist says  …
More and more Salvadoran students want to study in China and now many of them will have their  true. Salvadoran gov’t & the Chinese embassy have issued official call for 2020 scholarships to educational institutions across the Central American country. 
Chinese Actor CAO YUCHEN who plays Jin Zixuian from the Jin sect of the famous series 'The Untamed' was seen with a Koya plushie BT21 is everywhere! #BTS @BTS_twt 
i just remembered when they asked seventeen which member who often ask you out to eat together? and junhao choose each other they always go out together and eat chinese food 
I might depart from @CultExpert in thinking that too much focus on how “mind control” is a technique of  just reinscribes the idea that other alien figures are in some occult way pulling our strings.
Pizza and Chinese food delivery never had these issues and never even had apps for additional instructions. Only time I’d ever had them  to door was if a hotel did not allow them to and then front desk called room to have  down to lobby.
To promote the yellow economy, protesters have  a list of pro-democratic stores, where people can buy flowers, gift baskets and baked goods for Chinese New Year. 
Tougher restrictions on technology transfer could put the Chinese AI labs of Google, Microsoft, and other U.S.  at risk. 
indian resteraunt chinese takeaway no debate.  …
I don’t understand the recorded spam calls in Chinese? So confusing. I just type in my credit card number to annoy them!
my chinese teacher: are you practicing your vocabulary skills? me, after dming lisa's weibo for the nth time: of course!
The Economist denounces China's "apartheid-like system" in Xinjiang, where Han Chinese live in privileged enclaves while Uighur and other Turkic Muslims face mass detention, intrusive surveillance, and police control. 
Top 10 food categories ranked: 1. Mexican 2. Steak 3. Thai 4. Greek/Mediterranean 5. Japanese/sushi 6. Barbecue 7. Chinese 8. Breakfast foods 9. Italian 10. Chicken wings Honorable mentions: burgers, pizza, seafood, deli sandwiches, Indian, Vietnamese/Pho Give me your list!
Spicy Ginger Beef stir fry – tender beef sirloin with crispy ginger, green veg and a simple-but-tasty Chinese-inspired sauce.  … #fakeaway #betterthanatakeout #beef #Chinese #stirfry
Chris on Western skaters: the Triple Toe out of NOWHERE on  Chris on a Korean skater's 3Lz3T: Had very little speed going into that, made it work somehow. Seriously? And butchering Chinese, Korean and Japanese, names. Kagiyama's name of all is so easy!
History will condemn those, Chinese and foreign, who condoned #China's torture, rape, internment, and murder of ethnic and religious minorities. #EastTurkistan  …
The US military shouldn’t take such a move to further poison China-US ties and they should know this specialized task force will also be targeted by the Chinese military. The risk this force being struck during a war is as big as the threat it poses to China.  …
Liu Ye (Chinese, b. 1964) - Daydream 
In 2014 Xi Jinping said democracy is not for “ethnically Chinese“ because “it would not fit us and it might even lead to catastrophic consequences” Was in Taiwan recently. Didn’t look very catastrophic. Tomorrow Taiwan has another opportunity to expose the truth.  …
1. Quick reaction to new Iran sanctions: Designation of Chinese entity and its central focus in the press release is meant to scare Chinese traders after Iran-China trade has been shown to have a resilient baseline to sanctions since May 2019. But the US pulled its punch.
this is too Chinese holy fuck down to the girl's fucking bowlcut in the first scene Accepting gifts is the worst  …
200110 ten fanacc op: how's your foot? : almost fully recovered (really sweet tone) op: gege can you write a sentence in chinese that you like? : a sentence in chinese that i like? (still smiling sweetly) ten then wrote "李永钦” (li yongqin) lmaoo 
Happy Chinese New Year @zhuzanjin  …
If #Tesla can duplicate the demand currently in America in the Chinese market, sales volume in that market would exceed 650k #Model3 per year, states Piper analyst, Alexander Potter  
The US cannot stand idly by as a dictatorship entrenches in Cambodia and corrosive Chinese influence takes hold. Learn more about the bipartisan Cambodia Democracy Act, which I introduced to defend human rights and democracy in Cambodia.  …
Totally agree. Should point out that  panel is from American Born Chinese by @geneluenyang, which criticizes Asian stereotypes.
The ISIS attacker (Suicide bomber) from #Quetta #Pakistan today pictured with a Chinese NP-42/CF-98 9x19mm pistol,  to the area and very used it seems 
The Chinese paddlefish survived for 150 million years. Now it's extinct. "The paddlefish is one of the thousands of animals that will disappear in our lifetime if we don’t recognize the current extinction crisis." - Sarah Uhlemann,  …
In #Beijing, @DEAHQ Acting Administrator Dhillon met with Chinese counterparts to express gratitude for #China scheduling fentanyl as a class and to further strengthen our international cooperation on drug law enforcement. 
A grand kick off for the "Year of China-Indian Cultural and People-to-People Exchange”. Happy Chinese New Year! 
"Mum, this is Kelvin": a Chinese ad featuring a gay couple during Lunar New Year has won widespread praise  
These young Uyghurs and other ethnic #Muslims are incarcerated for slave labor and not allowed to return to their home or enjoy normal life. Social death is created under #Chinese colonialism in occupied East #Turkistan #Uyghur 
“Some people look at ginseng as Chinese voodoo or a fringe hippie thing, but this is a resource that needs our help.” 
"The real Zen of the old Chinese masters was wu-shih, or 'no fuss.'" — Alan Watts ﾟ
The official Chinese import statistics shows that China has kept importing crude from Iran  …
Mnuchin: "The Chinese  are not buying oil from Iran." Fact check: False  …
Dad: why do you keep buying those  books? Me: 
dam japanese Fantasy really on remind me of how chinese  through for us. #GoodGuy 
damn that crazy i want him to use me like a chinese finger trap but thats cool too
Minister @Asad_Umar underlined the need to expand collaboration in #agriculture sector, which is important for Pakistani economy. Chinese Ambassador Mr. Yao Jing expressed hope that bilateral partnership between the two countries will be taken to new heights in future. 
Mr. @Asad_Umar emphasized that it was important for Pakistani manufacturing #industries to  part of the global value chain by partnering with the  #CPEC @PTVNewsOfficial @RadioPakistan @appcsocialmedia @pid_gov @CPEC_gov_pk 
ten: *trying to study japanese during live* kun: *asking him to be his translator from chinese to english* ten: "OMG MY BRAIN* 
#kigurumi here is a kigurumi and Cosplay lover who can speak Chinese and English. I Hope to make friends with you. 
the way renjun and lanlan both started laughing after calling me meimei (younger sister) because my name sounds like jiejie (elder sister) in chinese so when they call out my name it sounds like  both jiejie and meimei 
U.S. Funds Program With Free Android Phones For The Poor — But With Permanent Chinese Malware That Endangers Their Private Data  …
Last night in Del Rio Sector..Our Agents arrested 1 Mexican cartel member with multiple gunshot wounds, 5 Chinese, 3 Bangladeshi and 5 Haitians, apprehended 107 individuals and seized 90 pounds of narcotics. Just another night in the life of an agent in Del Rio Honor First! 
Crassula capitella is a succulent  known as Red pagoda because it looks like a colourful tiered tower. How much do you think this species looks like our Chinese-style Great Pagoda here at Kew? 
Since late last year, people in the Chinese city of Wuhan have been infected with a viral pneumonia whose cause was unknown. A preliminary investigation has now identified the respiratory disease as a new type of coronavirus, Chinese state media reports. 
You can have an honest disagreement about tariffs on Chinese imports. But you can't ignore the truth: China is a threat to our national and economic security, as well as to our international interests. Read these two pieces.   …
Now, Nepal has deported 122 Chinese nationals, who were arrested on suspicion of engaging in "cyber and financial" crime. Earlier, In November 2019: Nepal Govt's report said that China encroached on 36 hectares of Nepalese land, nearly the size of 26 football fields.
Two Chinese drones used to ‘smuggle drugs’ to Pakistan seized, Army Naik arrested ThePrint's @ChitleenKSethi 
These young Uyghurs and other ethnic Muslims are incarcerated for slave labor, supervised for 24 hour and not allowed to return to their home or enjoy normal life. Social death is created under Chinese colonialism in East Turkistan 
America’s ugly record in the Middle East is no excuse (despite Beijing’s efforts) for the Chinese government’s mass detention of Muslims. It's pretty simple: two wrongs don’t make a right. 
Why the Chinese government forcing these Uyghur people to move from their home in the middle of the harsh winter? God knows what kind crazy ideas that Chinese government think of again for the people of East Turkistan  both genocide and cultural genocide 
Newborn Chinese Pangolins have soft scales. They harden when the infant is three-days-old. 
[CHN/ENG Sub]20200108 ZOKZAKDARA Interview "KristSingto" surprised, Chinese Peraya speaks Thai very well, amazed, learned Thai to chat with them. New year, stayed with family.  … #ทีมพีรญา #SingtoKrist #KristPerawat #SingtoPrachaya
This is yesterday in rural Matobo North after a branch meeting. The @mdczimbabwe is a strong brand our people are resilient , brave and determined to liberate the country. They don’t get inputs, food aid or the Chinese rice but they will never waiver or betray the struggle 
Me trying to explain to my Chinese boss what exactly went down in his absence sothat he doesent fire my a** 
This isn't the only reason why Indian and Chinese businesses succeed around the world (not just Nigeria), but it is an important reason. The principle is simple, a guy from Anambra can key into a more extensive support network to make money in Lagos, than a guy from Benue.
Had to do this for popular demand Kids who haven’t disappointed their parents └ Indian, Jewish &amp; Chinese kids └ This folder is empty
As a student in the UK, I noticed it was easier for my Chinese, Indian and Pakistani classmates to get part-time jobs than I did. Quite simply, they had access to deeper diaspora networks than I did. Same thing applies to global businesses.
Lisa speaking Chinese～ I vote #KillThisLove by @ygofficialblink for #BestMusicVideo at the 
After surviving some 200 million years, the Chinese paddlefish, known for its silver scales and long snout, is officially extinct. Get caught up with all the stories you missed overnight with our latest newsletter  
The Interpol had tipped off the Nepal Police about the activities of the Chinese nationals  …
To understand Xinjiang's tragedy, look at how the Chinese government has aggravated its ethnic divide 
A  is taping sap from Pine trees in Lango forests. They’re paying “good money” to the tree owners. Though wondering, does this affect the trees in the long run? 
Today Cabinet Secretary Foriegn Affairs Kenya  Chinese Foreign Minister to Mombasa's Moi International Airport. While in Kenya the Chinese FM will visit the Standard Gauge Railway and take a ride. 
Kun: Ah but it’s fascinating, when i do yizhibo lives,  are all in Chinese but right now, there’s all languages, it’s so fascinating.. There’s English, Korean, Chinese, there’s Japanese too.. 
The Chinese spatula fish, nicknamed the 'Yangtze River panda' because of its large size, has  because of overfishing and the loss of its habitat. #Science #Environment 
A Chinese was told to enter, that an adage says, "barking dogs don't bite." But the Chinese refused, and said, "You know proverb." "I know proverb." "But dogs don't know proverb." 
A member from #國難忠醫 #AntiELAB Chinese Medicine Practitioners group went missing in Guangzhou, China. Thread of important points from #國難忠醫 presser today: #HongKongProtests  …
Watch how hardworking Chinese  challenging tasks 
One #mobile #carrier is directing #government funds (  #subsidies) to #phones that contain unremovable Chinese #spyware and #adware without user #consent. Should government $$$be used this way? Did @AssuranceCell even disclose this to  …
Today I graduate from Gordon-Conwell’s Boston campus with a Master of Divinity 10 years, 30 courses What I learned from my Chinese, Caribbean, African, Brazilian, Korean and African American fellow students and professors is what feels most precious.
New Chinese sabretooth named in 2020, Oriensmilus liupanensis, shows basicranial evidence that barbourofelines are closer to nimravids than to felids. The systematic tug-of-war between European & American ‘cat’ paleontologists continues! #FossilFriday (Wang et al, IVPP 
Chinese authorities have ruled out SARS-CoV, MERS-CoV, seasonal influenza virus, avian influenza virus, adenovirus and  respiratory pathogens. Until now, there is no indication of human-to-human transmission. Read more:   …
Antonio Socci: We finally know what the Asian woman said to Bergoglio: Why destroy their faith? Why destroy the Chinese? Look for the Chinese feelings. Talk to me!  …
One of the admins who offered #humanitarian relief thru Chinese med w/o limitations is being disappeared in Guangzhou. It is said that he is being detained for over 40hrs alrdy w/ no signs of him being safe. #HKProtests #HumanRights @lukedepulford @benedictrogers 
The Chinese transportation system is expected to carry a total of around three billion passengers during the Spring Festival period starting Friday. The 2020 Spring Festival travel surge, known as “chunyun” in Chinese, will last from Jan. 10 to Feb. 18. 
I didn't grill him at the time because we'd just eaten a ton of Chinese food and I wasn't feeling up to a spat, but I'm really not having this idea that certain opinions belong to certain races or that if any trait of  from being white or male that it's bad. 3/4
SCOOP!Chinese property magnate "CK Cheung" is close to breaking London's house-price record with purchase of 45-room mansion at 2-8a Rutland Gate in Knightsbridge for more than £200m.  …
(Reuters) - Days before a US-China trade deal is due to be signed, large Chinese purchases of Brazilian soybeans and a pair of unexpected policy moves by Beijing have dimmed U.S. hopes that China would double its imports of American farm products this year  …
Oh yeah this year Chinese zodiac is rat it’s our year ratlos
NEW ; Concerns are being expressed over NZ's weakness in dealing with China, with one senior FVEY official describing NZ membership "on the edge of viability". Note in the article a former Chinese Mil Intel Officer now a MP @thespybrief  …
I’m so upset that not many Starlights know that Ravi (aka our cute Wonshik) did a Chinese OST with Rain back in 2015 Like how can you live not knowing this masterpiece 
I don’t know who they are but I am sure that they are not Uyghur. Uyghur people apparently has caucasian character. I knew Chinese authorities sent some trusted persons in politics to Umrah while the demolition of Masjids in Hui Muslim regions don’t stop too. … (1)  …
It may as well be Chinese I can't understand a damn thing this baby is saying
Someone who cannot imagine a foreign affairs minister daring the mob to beat him up did not know the British ambassador who said the same thing to a Chinese mob in 1967 when they rioted in front of the embassy to protest Israel's icounterattack.  …
Say No to Chinese Dor #SaveBirds #SaveHuman #SaveEnvironment #TuhadiSevaSadaFarz 
The Chinese don’t go nowhere to  employees. They migrate to conquer. How many Asian youth will leave school and inherit a business? Chicken shop, corner shop, car wash, cab station or whatever.
About 30 mainland Chinese students and teachers walked out after hearing the debate topic about universal suffrage in Hong Kong 
And he said a few days ago he loves the Chinese people! Here he is saying they are ALL spies!  …
CUPSLEEVE EVENT ALERT Join us as we celebrate our Just-Got-Married Chinese boy, Hangeng's Birthday and also to reminisce last year's #SS8inManila! #WalangMagmuMoveOn Where: Tom n Toms Coffee Technopoint When: Jan. 25, 2020 Entrance Fee: PHP 250 (inclusive of food & 
Doubling your  using TikTok? That's what one Chinese farmer pulled off Tiktok's  is now training thousands of farmers like him to do the same. 
#FoodWorks #Lemon #Pepper #Chicken #Fry #Recipe prepared with #tender chicken and #tangy flavor of lemon juice and some mild #Indian and #Chinese #spices  #food #foodie #foodies #Recipes #RecipeOfTheDay #Cooking #CookingVideo #IndianRecipies 
We were lucky enough to get a visit from two Basketball Hall of Famers today! @officialmutombo & Alonzo Mourning took a tour through Shougang Park and even tried their hands at #curling with former Chinese champion & #Beijing2022's Sport Manager for curling Wang 
Chinese New Year  in 2 weeks time - and it's always been preceded by a FALL in the price of #Bitcoin.  
There is a thorny but necessary questions here : why do Chinese Americans have to continuously genuflect at the altar of 'understanding China' at an arbitrarily set standard and not have that understanding reciprocated  …
Since we have Pidgin English... Do we have Pidgin French or Pidgin Arabic Or even Pidgin Mandarin Chinese?  …
Someone always said that Chinese don’t deserve to have democracy. Tomorrow is the day to prove Chinese can deserve better. #Taiwan2020 #TaiwanElections @iingwen @anderscorr @SolomonYue @HawleyMO @joshuawongcf @benedictrogers @revmahoney  …
“Sport is neutral” says the Olympic Committee that forces Taiwan  as “Chinese Taipei” and plays the PRC’s national anthem if a Taiwanese athlete is on the podium.  …
Read his story in a forum. 89 year old man who cycled to the post office Saigon everyday for 30 years to offer his letter writing services. He is fluent in English, French, Chinese and Vietnamese. 
A gp of Chinese herbal dr #國難忠醫 have been giving med help to vtms of tear gas, water cannons etc used by #hkpolice during protest. This wk, 2 of them went missing in Guangzhou. 1 of them had  with leader of the gp and cited being detained. Release them 
Netflix, Cheeks and Chinese. That’s what I’m going to call my mixtape.
Help so my office sent around a newsletter saying how it's the Chinese Year of the Rat this year, so they listed people who were born in other rat years. Pretty normal right? This is how they phrased it. I am genuinely choking at my desk 
Update (10 January): Current location of Chinese maritime law enforcement forces in southern part of the South China Sea. 
Scientists ! Inner-city green Marxist latte sippers the lot of ‘em. As we all know, the fires have been deliberately light to open land corridors for Chinese-built trains full of Muslims.  …
How worried should we be about the mystery Chinese virus?  
Whoooa! Let's  Chinese Coast Guards after year-round guarding of WPS against Filipino fishermen!  …
One of the Chinese 5G tech. abilities: assists “Security Volunteers” reports on suspicious persons & send to the Public Security Bureau for facial recognition. Chinese 5G tech. is bringing the #SurveillanceState into a new era, terrifying. #SayNoToHuawei  …
Nepal Deports 122 Chinese Nationals Engaging In Cyber And Financial Crimes  …
this is an example of a strong leader. indonesia is lucky to have him as their president. very much unlike the Philippines' so-called leader who bend over backwards for the chinese.
The Chinese name for Baikal Teal is 花脸鸭, huā-liǎn yā, literally translated as "flowery-faced duck". 
In Petron Sg Besi Toll highway petrol station. They like to promote n sell CNY products but block d Chinese greeting words with bamboo sheet. What is this nonsense Petron management trying to do? @chedetofficial @sitikasim @anwaribrahim @guanenglim @staronline 
Considered the largest human migration on the planet, Chunyun -- the 40-day period when Chinese people head home to celebrate the Lunar New Year Spring Festival with their families -- officially began today 
Has @iocmedia backed mass arbitrary detention as an @Olympics sport for the first time? #China a strong contender: China: Massive Crackdown in Muslim Region  … @hrw @hrw_chinese  …
Breaking: @Ofcom confirms new formal investigation into Chinese state/party TV @CGTNOfficial for airing #forcedTVconfesions of more victims, in violation of law.  by #SimonCheng. Read more here.  …
Chinese currency shaped like knives circulated in China between 600 to 200 B.C. during the Zhou dynasty. See more pictures:  
When we thought that #LUCAS caught a cold, but he was having gastroenteritis. Chinese New Years  but this kid cannot go back Hong Kong to celebrate with his family due to his oversea schedulesss. He has no break days at all. Please take care of yourself.  …
Chinese paddlefish extinct after surviving for 150 million years  
John Cena By @ShoMadjozi Chinese Version 
British Steel is a step closer to a rescue deal after Chinese bidder Jingye received approval from regional authorities in China #UKmfg  …
Yes , its confirmed! That's JANE AND VICKY , both are Chinese trainees under YG , one is a rapper the other is a vocalist and dancer! 
Found this video on the Chinese version of TikTok 抖音... What's everyone else's unlock pattern? 
Since  regime been spreading white terror throughout the pro-dem movements, many protesters who suffered from #PoliceBrutality couldn’t have proper medical attention, these Chinese medicines doctors work volunteer to keep treating these victims. 
Lucas and I discussed herbal tea, chinese medicine and the most effective way of calming caugh. Everything i listed, he’s tried. he’s naming even more methods Manager’s going insane and just when I’m abt to move Lucas said, u too, don’t get sick, don’t make me worry.
A group of Chinese medicine practitioners that treat wounded protesters said one of their founders has gone missing after crossing into Guangzhou, where he was studying two days ago. “I don’t understand why we have to be arrested just for providing humanitarian relief,” he said. 
"In addition, the Administration should develop talking points for U.S. Government officials - including those engaged in trade negotiations - that consistently link freedoms of press, speech, and association to U.S. and Chinese interests,"  …
Man the way Lebanese, Indians and Chinese quietly run Lagos needs study. Quiet hegemony.
Hello everyone Near the chinese festival , chinese new year 
A Visualisation of How Chinese Financing Is Fueling Megaprojects Around The World. Forget Warplanes, Aircraft Carriers And Drones, This is How REAL 21st Century Global Power Looks Like.  
Me: it will give you good luck, cast away bad people, give you strength, help you stay healthy! 10: oh wow red socks! (In chinese) red socks.... Me: Yes! Don’t forget 10: I won’t! I will buy for myself I need it!
10: hiiiiiiiiiii (that’s a big hi seriously) Me: oh hi, this year is ur year 10: oh? Really? Me: you didn’t know? (Switch to English) I thought you knew 10: I didnt! Tell me! Me: it’s ur year, you should wear red, buy a pair of red socks and wear it on Chinese New Year’s Eve
rumor said Tao has decided to join Chinese PD101 season 3 
#BREAKING A group of Chinese medicine doctors volunteer to help wounded protesters and people affected by tear gas said one of their founders went missing in Guangzhou two days ago. 
A well-known TCM practitioner on the Telegram group 國難忠醫 ['National Calamity Chinese Medicine Practitioners'] 'disappeared' in Guangzhou a few days ago. Two other admins are also missing. The group provides free herbal remedies for tear gas exposure. 
cho seungyoun : - used to live in brazil and philippine - speaks korean, english, chinese, tagalog and portuguese - live in gangnam district - own a BMW - passionate abt his work (music) YO isn't this man is a dad- i mean husband material?? 
Nigerians can apply for the Chinese University Program that provides a full scholarship which covers tuition waiver,  stipend,  medical insurance. The scholarship is for MSc and PhD students. Deadline is March 15th 2020.  …
200110 @itisDW wechat | @layzhang Chinese New Year greetings*3 New year is full of peach blossom, always in sweet love Happy New Year, Gong Xi Fa Cai. Here I wish you all a new year with new look,  to the new year Good luck in the new year, have a splendid year 
The Chinese and Pakistani Navies have deployed warships to the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman. On Jan 1, 2017, I reported about a Chinese-Pakistani meeting to plan a Chinese naval base on Pakistan's Jiwani peninsula at the entrance of the Gulf of Oman.  
Still showing off your Chinese skills with “ni hao?” It’s time for an upgrade! We bring you #ChineseBuzzwords—the latest and most trendy Chinese tips. First up is 好嗨哟, which expresses happiness and excitement. 
Wonderful country, wonderful country Singapore. Haven't seen a single Policeman in last 4 days. I asked my Cab driver about it. He replied, "In Singapore we Chinese, indians, Malays all live together, all work together & all prosper together. So no need of police. 
Let’s settle this once for all. Mongol conquest spread dumplings from China to the rest of the world. All your Manti, Mantu, Manta, Mandu came from Chinese Mantou 饅頭, no exceptions. Nepali and Tibetan Momo clearly share same root as Momo 饃饃 in NW Mandarin 
Kim Yeonkoung sustained a minor injury during the match against Kazakhstan. It is still unclear if she’s going to play tomorrow in the semifinal round against Chinese Taipei. #AVCOQT 
This article title is so funny HAHAHA [Ems] “To SM’s Lee Soo Man who says he’ll make a Chinese audition program, chinese fans are [saying] “Just take care of EXO’” Savage 
At least over the last few years there have been numerous secret visits of Chinese submarines to Pakistan, in partiular, to the Ormara naval base. 
For the second year in a row, Chinese nationals topped the Bureau of Immigration’s list of foreigners denied entry into the Philippines for being ‘rude’ and ‘disrespectful.’ 
Since late last year, people in the Chinese city of Wuhan have been infected with a viral pneumonia whose cause was unknown. A preliminary investigation has now identified the respiratory disease as a new type of coronavirus, Chinese state media reports. 
Chinese railway police apprehended 58,757 fugitives in 2019, with an average of 160 fugitives captured at railway stations and on trains every day, according to the Ministry of Public Security. 
MNL48 App Premium Members Event Alert! Chinese New Year Dinner with High Tension Senbatsu on January 31 
The unclear message of the email implies that Grandma Wong may not be in a good mental state. Moreover, we have received news that two admins of a telegram group 國難忠醫 providing voluntary Chinese medical service in #HongKong are missing in Guangzhou.  
Chinese currency shaped like knives circulated in China between 600 to 200 B.C. during the Zhou dynasty. 
Megvii is one of four Chinese AI startups specializing in facial recognition valued at more than $1 billion. Now,  are looking to expand overseas, with help from public markets. 
2. Developed in partnership with CRBC, Rashakai is the only SEZ run by an Special Purpose Vehicle, led by a leading  this means state of the art infrastructure, and aligned incentives to attract international investment - a major boost to investment in KP. 
On the right identification of things. Globalists = Jews Deep State = Jews NeoCons = Jews Liberal Elite = Jews Illuminati = Jews. Intl. Banking Cartel = Jews United Nations = Jews Putin's Russia = Jews Chinese Communist Party = Jews Bush/Obama/Trump Administration = Jews etc...
Chinese authorities think they've identified a new coronavirus—a member of the family of viruses that caused SARS and MERS—that could be behind the mysterious pneumonia cases in Central China, WHO says. 
Romeo Must Die tried to convince me that a 20 year old rich black chick fell for a 40 year old Chinese man over the course of 3 days and 4 fight scenes
Chinese president w/ digong  …
Iranian-backed Houthi rebels claim to have downed a Chinese-made CH-4 drone in the al-Jawf Governorate in #Yemen on Tuesday with an unidentified surface-to-air 
Kuguo Music is not open to foreigners who do not own a China issued mobile number. To help with the sales, @withMTUAN93 will be working with a Chinese fanbase to help purchase these digital albums. We will share details on how you can contribute & donate later!  …
JK Rowling searching “Chinese girl names” when she was creating Cho Chang 
huh. I had no idea. I just learned that there are expressions for when someone is blocking your view. In English you might say, “you’re a better door than a window.” In Chinese, some say, “Did you grow up eating glass?” (Basically: are you a transparent being?)
Lilies please refrain from claiming/bragging any Chinese big artist to be Lisa fanboy/fangirl AND the most important, please DO NOT ship Lisa with any male artist in the show. It's said that some Cnetz are c*rsing her already FOR THE SHIPS. Please, for Lisa's sake 
I 'wrote' a poem made entirely out of extracts from real tweets about Malaysian-Chinese people. Apart from spelling (tdk to 'tidak' for example), no changes were made to the words themselves. 
Some Chinese web users believe that #DonaldTrump is the one who “appears to be standing down” rather than #Iran, and many of them admire Iran's courage since it might be one of very few countries that dare to directly strike US military bases.  
rmb back in 2013 when a chinese fan spotted sehun leaving from sm bldg at 3am walking alone in the streets? fans said sehun silently practice on his own until wee hours. up to this day sehun still working hard to improve his dancing skills. #8YearsWithSehun #SEHUN #세훈 #吳世勋  … 
This article title is so funny HAHAHA “To SM’s Lee Soo Man who says he’ll make a Chinese audition program, chinese fans are [saying] “Just take care of EXO’” Savage @weareoneEXO 
Chinese members in almost every kpop group 
#DarbarThiruvizha : As per yesterday box office trackings #Darbar Debuts in the NO.1 POSITION going above many popular Hollywood/Chinese films ! Now that’s the level of MAGIC #Rajinikanth films will do in Singapore ! TRULY A PROUDFUL MOMENT FOR TAMIL 
This Japanese release includes Japanese, Chinese and English subtitles as well as an audio option that uses the English version of the theme song (just the song; not the dub). There are three editions: DVD, standard Blu-ray and a collector's edition 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray. 
I made gijinkas of chinese medicine 
Chinese New Year  and we'd like to thank everyone for a great year! So we're offering 10 retailers a #free handmade dice sample each, just contact us over here to apply! Also, we're #givingaway a free handmade set, just retweet & follow us to enter the lottery 
soon reach pon a level wen she tell mi she want chinese and i take her to china  …
This reminds me of one time I wanted headsets. Walked into an electronics shop in Nzano Mall wearing overalls. I went straight to headset section and pointed at iPhone headsets. The lady told me they’re expensive ke cheke Chinese for replicas. She didn’t even tell me the price  …
Yesterday I was lucky enough to be part of a discussion on a new  out soon: Illustrated Handbook of Chinese Coleoptera (Staphylinidae). It should be very useful, also for those outside China despite it being in Chinese. 
With the Lunar New Year just around corner, workers attach shrubs to the Chinese zodiac sculptures, part of the Lunar New Year decorations, at the Singapore's Gardens by the Bay  
If you are very part of the very large group of people, largely from the U.S. and Europe, who believe that the Hambantota Port in Sri Lanka is the prime example of Chinese predatory lending then you would be well-served to read this.  …
Chinese province: Just 17 out of our 80m people now live in poverty 
“A wise man makes his own decisions, an ignorant man follows public opinion.” - Chinese Proverb #leadership #success 
The national party made a chinese spy an MP and labour won't call them out on it because they're  Seems kinda bad  …
last year i watched this chinese movie abt mermaids in class and in it one of the mermaids was disguised as a human and moved around with a skateboard. it reminds me of cooper 
like they do talk about it being “forbidden” in terms of chinese censorship but they also start off the article with. this. and don’t mention the novel whatsoever... just. pause. 
. @DonnieDoesWorld visits the Chinese drinking King @hebeipangzai. FULL VIDEO HERE:  
Those who celebrate Chinese/Lunar New Year. Have you guy start turning your house upside down, cleaning and get ready for new year? JiangCheng is my Mom, constantly yelling from down stair to help her clean as I'm trying to finish this drawing #魔道祖师 #Modaozushi 
Lisa chinese fan going to airport right now 
Chinese security dogs don't know how to climb stairs 
There is no subject on which the world's biggest spy is not astonishingly ignorant on. How can one liken Cuban and Chinese economies?? 
She has been diligently learning Chinese even after her Chinese drama ends in 2016. if she only learn because of work she would have quit after THAAD in 2016(aka impossible to work in China) So obviously she has interests in the language & will wan to get certified through exams
On top of all the other tension, I am worried that Noah's Chinese food is getting cold. #SVU21 @NBCSSVU
Chinese malware is being installed on free phones distributed in the US, another method in the long list of ways the PRC can monitor US via  …
She took the exam out of own interests and also of course it is going to be a useful skill and get herself better prepared should she intends to be more active in Chinese market in future. However, she didnt take it only because of that 1 variety show rumour. that is not her.
A new US government report says that human rights abuse in China has worsened in the last year & specifically highlighted the escalating persecution of Chinese Catholics in the wake of the Vatican-China agreement of 2018.  #Catholic #China #Vatican
#BREAKING: Another online Chinese Christian fellowship group banned by Chinese censorship. A self-claimed biggest Christian group was dismissed on social media Douban on Dec 6, 2019, as it posed internet safety threats. Chinese authorities have clamped down on religions in China. 
Much appreciated support for #AustralianBushfireDisaster It was disappointing to see the response from #Chinese citizens ... 
Yay! I hope they visited him and brought chinese hotpot for lunch!
The police are planning to transfer YG's threatening case to the prosecutor before the Chinese New Year.  
isnt this what the chinese gay thing is about  …
New York City Cig Smokers could learn a thing or two about generosity from Chinese peasants. FULL VIDEO:  
A high level military delegation led by Lt. General Ranbir Singh, Commander of Indian Army’s Northern Command on Thursday visited Xinjiang province of China and held talks with senior Chinese Military leaders on issue of mutual interest. Read More:  
Indonesia's military said on Thursday that Chinese coast guard vessels and fishing boats had left disputed waters in the western reaches of the South China Sea following a visit by President Joko Widodo to assert his nation's sovereignty. 
Mystery Chinese virus: How worried should we be? 
It is a shame for us to admit that Han Chinese are quite racially insensitive to say the very least. It  back to haunt us. Many Han Chinese don’t mind the gulag for their Uighur neighbours Yet it will aggravate ethnic strife for years   …
Singaporean Chinese men: waH u all MINORITY rly V sNoWflAke sia!!!!! So SENSI for wHat Also Chinese men: omG how dare U laugH at White ppl saying iconjoplcasmS??? U RACIST SNAKEWHORE!!!! INDIAN PPL R OPPRESSING ME!!!! I WILL OBLITERATE UR CULT!!!!! Jonathan, u pathetic FUCK 
Does Noah get his Chinese take-out? Who's watching Jesse and Billie? What about Dr. Hanover? Stay tuned for all these answers and more Less than an hour  …
My Chinese ex LOVES Christmas, and she would get so annoyed that all the businesses would quickly swap their xmas deco with CNY deco. Like, IM NOT DONE WITH CHRISTMAS DON'T YOU TONG TONG CHIANG ME YET  …
Smart storytelling ad by @Nike ahead of  Chinese New Year. Ties together traditions, customs, sport, family, and entertainment. Nice job! #Nike 
Oh, rumor Yoona took HSKK test to prepare to be a mentor to Produce 101 Chinese ver (创造101) season 3. Before, there's also rumor that Luhan, Xiao Zhan, Show Luo, Tao, Zico will join the show as mentor as well 
WHAT???? No bombings? China didn’t declare war??? No Chinese slaughtering of Indonesians???  …
Many Han Chinese don’t mind the gulag for their Uighur neighbours 
US  warns that in countering Beijing, "clearly differentiate between the Chinese people and culture and the Chinese government and Communist Party" to prevent the targeting of Chinese Americans or the Chinese diaspora. 
THIS! “The Chinese ships 'pulled out' after President Jokowi & TNI Commander Marshal Hadi Tjahjanto visited there.”  …
Listening to CCTV on Youtube, Chinese analysts said that US has exceeded the capacity in their weaponry development (aka not enough wars but too many weapons) so that is why they keep provoking people & starting wars.
Our govt is dealing with  that have been blacklisted.  …
UPDATED BOX FIGHT MAP - CHINESE NEW YEAR THEME Code: 3080-7809-4388 
May you live in interesting times.-ancient Chinese curse.  …
Based from SNH48 Team HII member Guo Shuang, she mentioned that after Chinese New Year, there will be a new arrangement of stages for SNH48. Stay tuned for the official news... 
World's biggest debate contest axed livestream of Hong Kong topic as Chinese spectators staged walkout  … via @hongkongfp
: “Jeong Eunji Eunji Meung.... Since it’s like this, I’ll use Bomi to lure you...” : “bites the bait” Our Bomi pabo Chinese Trans Cr:  
when u standing there staring at the chinese buffet food asking urself if u should make that 5th plate or not  …
My sister found a Chinese softshell turtle in her garage. Much like the government of its home country, it is s an invasive species that feeds on our resources  with local native species. 
Astounding how political ranting can dress up as journalism. Let's ignore a while host of facts like China buying Iranian oil, Huawei installing the  system, and selling lots of arms to Iran. This is bordering on ordering Chinese state propaganda as reality  …
: “Jeong Eunji Eunji Meung, I know you’ve read all the tweets that you didn’t reply to as well! I love you ♡” : “Of course” Chinese Trans Cr:  
New: The World Bank has issued new hiring rules after Axios reported last month that the bank had asked Taiwanese staff to obtain Chinese passports. The new rule gives "preference" to nationals of member states. Taiwan is not a World Bank member state.  …
Huopu 火铺, a Third Front coal mine in SW Guizhou still has its Mao era bus station. The slogan reads: ‘The core force of our cause is the Chinese Communist Party. The theoretical basis guiding our thinking is Marxism-Leninism.’ #China 
My daughter look like a Chinese version of me
In my old town I ate sooo much at this Chinese place that they got me a Christmas present
If you get to know Ti-Anna Wang, Grace Gao, and other "daughters of," you are all the more convinced that the Chinese Communist Party is one of the most sadistic forces on earth.  …
When Taiwan was under martial law and fear of a Chinese attack was a part of daily life, these bunkers were  sight. Now, they’re a popular Instagram backdrop  
China is Facebook's biggest country for revenue after the US, btw. It sells over US$5 billion worth of ad space a year to Chinese businesses & govt agencies.  …
Dam building, pollution and overfishing have almost emptied the mighty Yangzi River of fish. Revealingly, Chinese leaders have decided the least risky solution is to throw all 280,000 Yangzi fishermen out of work. My Chaguan from a Yangzi island  …
Political correctness is quickly destroying western civilization. The Chinese, Russians, Africans & South Americans have resisted its crippling effects. The West can't seem to get enough.
I assume the replies to this on Chinese Twitter are just a thousand .gifs of that guy unloading a gatling gun at the eye of Jupiter in the sky overhead from "THE WANDERING EARTH"  …
thinking bout Chinese food lol. 
GOP senator slams Huawei 5G as ‘intelligence-gathering arm of the Chinese Communist Party’  …
how many times have we heard this now though? wake me up if any bad news about Trudeau ever makes it through the Chinese Wall.
“The United States shouldn’t be sharing valuable intelligence information with countries that allow an intelligence-gathering arm of the Chinese Communist Party to operate freely within their borders." 
U.S. government-funded #Android  with preinstalled Chinese #malware, which effectively opens up a #backdoor onto the device and endangers your private data. Via  …
BlackRock joins pressure group taking on biggest polluters - How much money has ⁦ @blackrock⁩ invested in Ponzi Chinese firms that have been causing the pollutions in “One Bribe One Loan” countries?  …
Data from a #Chinese research firm revealed that 336  in the country—that collectively had raised $2.5 billion—ceased operations last year. Among them were several  each valued over $1 billion.  …
The New Evil Empirecan always print more Yuan so Chinese consumers can pay for deficits.  …
Many #Han #Chinese don’t mind the #gulag for their #Uighur neighbours  … #SaveUyghur #ConcentrationCamps #NeverAgain #China #Xinjiang #EastTurkistan #Uighur #chinazi #Uyghur
Switch News: Images leak of Team Xecuter’s mod chip for ipatched & mariko Switch consoles – First shipment  sometime after Chinese New Year (25 January)  
The Chinese paddlefish, one of world's largest fish, has  wiped out by human activity  
U.S-backed telecom offers free Android phones for the poor — But with permanent Chinese malware  By 
A wise man makes his own decisions but an ignorant man follows the public opinion. - Chinese Proverb
Chinese Malware Found Preinstalled on US Government-Funded Phones  by @kellymsheridan #government #China #malware #smartphone
i wonder if grimes baby is  out chinese or Japanese
If this child was Chinese, this tweet would have gone viral. Social media would be ablaze. SNL would have made a racist joke about how Chinese people can’t think for themselves. But this is US Army propaganda, so you won’t hear a peep of outrage. We all should be outraged.  …
I used that Chinese app to make pics in HQ and she looks like she’s about to perform on The Mickey Mouse Club 
Demand for iPhones appears to be flourishing once again in China, a year after Apple had to warn investors that the Chinese market was facing a serious slowdown 
"With true friends...even water drunk together is sweet enough." ~ Chinese Proverb
Most Islamic countries have not been deceived by the lies spread by Western states. 51 countries, including 28 Islamic nations, signed a joint letter last July sent to the UN to express support to China's policies in Xinjiang: Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi 
Chinese Consul General inaugurates the first liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) terminal in Pakistan's Gwadar Port with the arrival of an Omani Ship carrying 3,900 metric tons of LPG. The LPG terminal is expected to create thousands of jobs for Pakistanis. #Pakistan 
aurelien chen's dragon mountain pavilion reinterprets traditional chinese landscapes  
#Beijing officially banned the use of “foreign teaching materials” from the country’s primary and middle schools, a move that critics saw as the regime’s latest attempt to instill “patriotic education” and control #Chinese nationals’ thoughts and minds.  …
Me: "What do you guys feel like for dinner?" 11: "Chinese!" 9: "Pizza!" 13: "Can we have Panera?" Me: Them: Me: "Let's start over: Hey, everybody. We're having tacos tonight. Okay."
The Topdara stupa overlooks the site of Kapsia, the summer capital of Kushan empire, where Chinese pilgrim Xuanzang visited in 7th c, saying: "the stupas are of an imposing height.. built on high level spots, from which they may be seen on every side, shining in their grandeur." 
Under a long-term deal sealed by the Obama admin, a Chinese  was set to control the 2nd busiest container port in the U.S. In an unreported @realDonaldTrump admin victory, the Communists are out after a national security review. 
2 million Uighur Muslims are STILL imprisoned in Chinese concentration camps... China treats Islam like a mental illness, and in addition to camps, China is sterilizing Uighur women, brainwashing children, harvesting Muslim organs, and more. 
Jan 7, 2020 2 Chinese students who attend the University of Michigan arrested in Florida for allegedly photographing US military facility - The pair were turned around at the guard station but drove onto the property anyway.  …
Garcetti when he and Biden met up at a Taco King in May: “Joe helped us raise the minimum wage. He came here to help us with climate change, with a summit we had with Chinese mayors. I mean, he's been here regularly. He's almost an honorary Californian." 
Jamil Anderlini: There are justified concerns in some countries about a rise in xenophobia and 'reds under the bed' targeting of anyone who is ethnically Chinese 
Wait so SM is planning to make new talent show in China and create new idols but Chinese EXO-L which fanbase is giant said "wait tf up". So suddenly thaad is not an issue anymore for SM? Why they don't let EXO to breath in China? Not to talk about Yixing returning to EXO.
Sources: Artur Beterbiev lined up for a March 28 defense of unified light heavyweight championship vs. Meng Fanlong in Montreal on an ESPN platform. Chinese agency Rejoy Group won purse bid last week but defaulted so rights reverted to Top Rank. @naaudet_TVA first on the date
While it may seem like a harmless and fun app, #TikTok is a Trojan horse for the Chinese Communist Party ( #CCP) to infiltrate the United States. We need to be vigilant and determine what kind of security risk this app poses to its  …
Well this is disappointing. “New Chinese version of Queer Eye  straight”  …
MEDIAWATCH: Soooooo is everyone else surprised at the total lack of media attention on the Leader of the Opposition meeting the Head of China’s secret police as organised by an alleged Chinese Spy? Or is it just me? | The Daily Blog  #nzpol
That  invention: the military ballet. This is "The Red Detachment of Women" - a Chinese ballet from the Cultural Revolution "it is best known... as the ballet performed for U.S. President Richard Nixon on his visit to China in February 1972" 
The Chinese paddlefish & its close relatives have been around for at least 200 million years. The species, reaching up to 23ft in length, survived unimaginable changes & upheavals, but it could not survive humanity's impact #ClimateChange.  … #OneVoice1
A #HTS affiliated fighter with a Chinese W85 HMG Motorcycle Technical prob. in SE 
"Will Smith And His Insane Chinese Tik Toks" In this video I talk about your dad's favourite tik tok star - mr will smith! Retweets are very lovely  
So, BEE is starting to get "Out-Blacked" by the Chinese The Chinese invasion is starting in the "Government Tenderpreneur Brown Envelope" economy. Sorry for you SA Blacks, but the Chinese Blacks has already won all the contracts going forward.  …
If there's one picture that represents Australia right now, this is it. Aussies, go on the streets, take back your home and defend against Chinese infiltration! In HK and Canada, we never spread our ass cheeks for China, you can do it too!  …
iTunes Taiwan & iTunes Hong Kong: 1. Rare (Album) *10th 11th #1 on iTunes* Chinese ppl have taste! 
OMG @thumbelulu did you have a hand in this? Apparently @thefarewell's Chinese distributor put together this promo of secrets that real-life grandparents and their grandkids are afraid to tell each other and it is 5/5  …
Top 3 universal languages, first to last: 1. Emojis (2.9 billion people) 2. English (1.5 billion people) 3. Mandarin Chinese (1.1 billion people)
North Koreans “love” Kim Jong Un too. And The Chinese “loved” Mao. Oh, and don’t forget how much the German’s loved Hitler.
#Chinese authorities said they identified a possible cause for an unknown viral #Pneumonia: a new type of #Coronavirus, Chinese state media reported on Jan. 9. But they provided no updates about the cause or possible spread of the disease.  …
Automen! This lovely lad is now ready to find his forever home after being saved from the Chinese meat markets. Please download an application form from our website:  #TeamZay #AdoptDontShop 
Kristaps' annual injury is like Chinese New Year: sometimes it's in January, sometimes it's in February. You don't know when exactly, but you know   …
Artur Beterbiev won't have to fight in China or vacate his IBF. Purse bid for defence vs Fanlong Meng reportedly voided as Chinese winners failed to make initial deposit to the IBF, so fight goes to Top Rank who plan for March 28th in Quebec/Moscow. [According to @NaAudet_TVA]
H.E. Ambassador Mr. Yao Jing attended the Distribution Ceremony of handing over 20000 'Panda Packs' for FDE students. The packs are gifts by Chinese Poverty Alleviation Foundation and coordinated by 
Experts: "Sir, corruption is record high! Your govt has stolen everything! The SGR is leading straight to your farm. It is not profitable" Govt: "Just add more taxes! Introduce patriotism tax! Kill all small businesses! Bring me that money! The Chinese want their money! DO IT!
so when a group uses cosmic aesthetics and space fantasy as their concept, it is called the WUJUPRINT. When chinese kpop idols participates in chinese survival shows, it’s called the MEIXUAN PRINT 
Where national security ultimate gets back to immigration policies in the most direct fashion - Chinese espionage. It's one of the most openly discussed immigration problems, yet we do nothing about it to placate the universities  …
INDIAN FOOD IS PENGER THAN CHINESE. @ME I BEG. STR8 AIR.
Chinese espionage is one of the biggest national security problems and it is all orchestrated through their control over higher education. That must end  …
Shirt for the Chinese New Year. Toughts?? 
New outfit for #ChineseNewYear premiered！2020 is year of Mickey （no rat ）in chinese tradition of zodiac sign！ #ShanghaiDisneyland #SHDL #上海ディズニーランド #Disney #Disneypark 
The #Indonesian Military reports that the #Chinese fishing vessels & Coast Guard ships already left the Indonesian Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) in North Natuna waters. The Chinese ships 'pulled out' after President Jokowi & TNI Commander Marshal Hadi Tjahjanto visited there 
Chinese researchers are racing to uncover the cause of a mysterious respiratory illness that has infected almost 60 people in central China. 
I made the pied piper keychain like j said and it’s going in the store! I still have plans to make it a pin after the Chinese New Year holiday 
I think this misinterprets my point concerning @tylerperry. Lots of shows have been written by one person. Every show runner has the right to do that if it serves the process. I just CAN’T do it and am also addicted to Chinese food and distracting, non productive conversations.  …
so proud of the Chinese people who have built a society in which a pig farmer can rise to the level of President
Amidst the crisis in West Asia, the maritime stand-off in South China sea has largely been ignored by media. In the last week, Indonesia gathered naval troops near Natuna islands & forced China to retreat after Chinese vessels intruded into Indonesia's naval boundaries. 
Gentrifiers are hell-bent on pushing out the remaining Chinese residents of Chinatown, many of whom are elderly renters with a fixed  — assuming that they are not already living on the streets.  …
Blues Lives Matter with Chinese characteristics  
Mabel Lee is an inspiration. For more on her and other Chinese wine in the suffrage movement, stay tuned for my book with  …
Why tf do I keep getting phone calls from NY w some lady speaking Chinese or some shit. Me tienen harta coño
I love Bengalis, Indians, everyone. I love you all. I love you chinese people too man. Let’s love everyone guys. We are all part of a big toilet bowl and one day someone is going to flush us. Let us enjoy this toilet bowl called the world together and in peace. Love - notmally
A friend of mine imported roofing nails from China. Upon receipt of the cargo, KEBS stated that the roofing nails were 3 inches & not 2.5 as per their standards. He had to return the nails but the Chinese manufacturer said they had rusted, upon receipt. He made a Sh5 MILLION LOSS
They think their protests are bigger than the 1 Lakh Crore rupees or more the government saved via Aadhar. They think they are bigger than a person who is being lifted out of poverty. They curse Aadhar while enjoying their Chinese mobiles with apps that can profile them instantly
#OTD in 2009, the #Tigers sign left-handed pitcher Fu-Te Ni. Ni became the first Chinese Professional Baseball League player to sign a deal directly with an MLB team after leading the CPBL in strikeouts in 2008. 
#Taiwan Defected Chinese spy Wang Liqiang was threatened by KMT deputy secretary-general Alex Tsai, that Wang must claim DPP had bribed him, or his family in Mainland China will be in danger. KMT was basically threatening Wang on behalf of CCP. Read:  …
curry sauce on chinese tho
I also asked President Trump what he hopes to  in the “Phase 2” trade negotiations with the Chinese. He said “I might want to wait to finish it until after the election.” Said he thinks he may get a better deal after that. 
Innovator loses out to Chinese because ‘they are also black’ | @City_Press  
BYD has revealed its Han sedan. The 4950mm long four-door gets individual front end styling depending on the driveline. Eventual choice of petrol, PHEV and BEV models - the latter set to offer a range exceeding 600km (373 miles) on the Chinese NEDC cycle . . . 
The Chinese paddlefish survived unimaginable changes like the mass extinction that killed the dinosaurs—but it couldn't survive humans 
Our Fentanyl Sanctions Act, which was signed into law in December, will hold Chinese entities accountable for drug trafficking into the US. We cannot simply take China’s word for it when they say they’ll crack down on fentanyl manufacturers. American lives are at stake.
Just when u think u know all your family's baggage and have dealt with all of them emotionally, someone drags out another skeleton from the closet. Chinese ppl really can keep secrets.
Asked if he thinks global warming is a hoax, Trump says, "Nothing's a hoax. Nothing's a hoax about that." (He called it a Chinese hoax in 2012.) He then says someone wrote a book, which he has in the other room, called "The Environmentalist," about how he is an environmentalist.
I had the honor of traveling out to rural China to get drunk with the Chinese drinking KING @hebeipangzai FULL VIDEO HERE:  
Chinese demand for wild American ginseng—believed to help with everything from fatigue and depression to impotence—is so great that wildlife managers worry that the herb could be on a path toward extinction. 
 to the year of the rat. Celebrate the Chinese Spring Festival with our gift collection now at  
Using drug prohibition law to target specific ppl can be traced back to the first one: the Opium Exclusion Act of 1909. It barred importation of opium for smoking bc it was the preferred consumption method for Chinese immigrants whereas white women used by drinking it with tea.
Freebies for #SEVENTEEN #JUN fans at #OdeToYouInNJ -- Chinese snacks pack + photocards + random button! Limited quantity~ I'll aim to be at the venue around 3PM. Show me your Jun merch!! To mutuals attending -- you can get a random Jun-themed button from me 
Had a look at the Iran discussions on Weibo. Nationalists in China are like "Islam is the anti-imperialist hero" in 2001, 2003 & 2020 "Islam is an existential threat to Western and Chinese civilizations" from 2014 onwards.
The good news: The world still likes the U.S. The "bad" news: They hate Trump. In a new international survey, Trump is far less popular than Obama was. He's also more distrusted than Russian President Vladimir Putin or Chinese President Xi Jinping.  …
WhatFreshHellIsTHISMADNESS “ is the creation of a Chinese entity known as Adups ...Collier told Forbes he was confident every model of the device shipped by Assurance Wireless was infected with both malware types” CC @911CORLEBRA777  …
It also announced that another 13 CPEC-related projects worth $18 billion are under implementation, whereas projects amounting to $21 billion are in the pipeline. Informing parliament that construction of New Gwadar International Airport is being facilitated by a Chinese grant
200109 yixing weibo update “When you hoist the sails to cross the sea, you'll ride the wind and cleave the waves.” (it’s a chinese saying which means don’t give up and one day you’ll realise your dreams) 
Doubling your  using TikTok? That's what one Chinese farmer pulled off Tiktok's  is now training thousands of farmers like him to do the same. 
“Some people look at ginseng as Chinese voodoo or a fringe hippie thing, but this is a resource that needs our help.” 
HER: So, what would you like to do this weekend? ME: [mumbling] Burn it. Burn it all to the ground. HER: What was that? ME: What? Oh, maybe go out for Chinese food.
New - This is pretty bad. The FCC funds a program offering free Android phones to  people. The Android  pre-loaded with Chinese malware... that you can't remove. Wtf.  …
Considering the SUV preference of Chinese consumers, the Model Y steady-state sales in the Chinese market will exceed 400,000. $TSLA #Tesla #modely #China #SUV
If your not Pakistani, don’t say p*ki. If your not black, don’t say n*gger. If your not Chinese, don’t say ch*nky. Goes for anything else loool. Kmt people getting  these days.
Completing the target of assigned quota, Pakistan approached Chinese government to allow Islamabad to export additional 500,000 tons rice to #Beijing.
Drinking tea at least three times a week is linked with a longer and healthier life, Chinese researchers have found -- but the benefits of green tea are more pronounced 
That is what we are building toward - @brianhioe and I co-wrote the statement. As a small postcolonial country, however, it’s inevitable that Taiwan must negotiate with world powers. We need all the left’s support to reject both US & Chinese empires. We can’t do it alone.  …
Chinese Foreign Minister: China will help promote the coordinated development of Djibouti’s railway, port and free trade zone, and build Djibouti into a regional business, trade and logistics hub. 
Chinese #EXO fans called on Lee Soo-man, chairman of Seoul-based SM Entertainment, to treat the group well after he revealed his ambition to hold a talent show in China to create pop stars. SM also manages #HOT, #SJ, #GirlsGeneration and #fx 
Ancient Romans may have used Chinese medicine to treat coeliac disease  
Why do most Chinese Zergs like to rush overlord drop? Because they like to Dump Lings.
Uyghurs & Other Muslim Minorities Forced into Labor Programs to Staff Chinese Factories  
Great Video from April 2019 re Ecuador's Chinese surveillance system used by Correa's intel entity, Senain. Hilarious how NYT director of photography chanced upon this discovery (watch the video) because he was bored with the background shot. 
Sometimes I have wild fantasies that the Chinese Communist govt will gradually learn how to win the hearts and minds of Hong Kongers. Then I see their Hongkong-aimed propaganda videos and realize...Nope.  …
With the way Buhari is going about collecting loans, our country will soon be sold to the Chinese.
Malays has been accepting Chinese Lanterns since early 1900 without problem, even participated in lanterns parade. Why reject now? Its reciprocal to the way 3 pages of Jawi was rejected. This is very sad
#LAL. Chinese quick to jump on bandwagon...  …
Philippine military reports 38 Chinese "fishing" vessels anchored around Thitu/Pag-asa. This paramilitary deployment began on or around 12/20/2018 - 385 days ago! As a result, Manila has made very little progress on planned upgrades to the island.  …
We're gearing up for Chinese New Year because 2020 marks the YEAR OF THE RAT! Awesome! To our supporters out there celebrating on 25th January, how do you prepare and celebrate? What does Chinese New Year mean to you? We'd love to hear from you :) 
Hankou Customs House, one of the social gatherings, collected Wuhan’s wishes to 2020. Also, various events will be held in Wuhan such as light show or hearty soup festival. The celebration will last to the Chinese New Year. #VisitWuhan 
Indonesian military says Chinese vessels left disputed waters 
Breaking news: China joins chorus of international opposition to Turkish military intervention in Libya. Chinese FM Wang Yi in Cairo with Egypt's FM Sameh Shoukry. (Turkey supports GNA militias fighting the LNA. LNA is backed by the Libyan Parliament.)  …
im gonna bang my head against the wall cql is such a short abbreviation, the untamed is a cool title, wangxian is a cute ship name why the hell do you guys keep calling them those aNcieNt chinese GaYs
How to build a VR system according to the Chinese  
JF-17 Thunder Block III version of the JF-17 are slated to receive the RD-93MA or Chinese WS-13 engine. Pakistan’s JF-17 Block III Fighter Jet Makes Maiden Flight  …
Taiwan is the last free place in the Chinese-speaking world. Can President Tsai Ing-wen preserve its democracy? 
Day 3 #FIVBCOQT ASIA MEN’S: 3-1 (25-27, 25-21, 25-21, 25-22) 3-2 (25-18, 28-26, 22-25, 20-25, 15-13) Chinese Taipei 3-1 (19-25, 25-11, 25-18, 25-21) 3-0 (25-22, 25-20, 25-21) ONLY ONE #TOKYO2020 TICKET INFO:  
while we were worried about state surveillance, private firms built a surveillance state more pervasive than our imagined authoritarian dystopias. while we criticize the Chinese state’s implementation of “social credit scores”, our private firms r rapidly implementing them here.  …
Chinese Govt provides full scholarships which covers tuition waiver,  stipend,  medical insurance. Deadline: March, 15, 2020 Applicants must be non-Chinese citizens CAREFULLY READ THE INFORMATION ON THE WEBSITE & APPLY  …
this is when jony j gave her the chinese dictionary lmao her face I can't 
Drinking tea at least three times a week is linked with a longer and healthier life, Chinese researchers have found -- but the benefits of green tea are more pronounced 
No government should return #Kazakhs, #Uyghurs, or other Turkic Muslims to #China. And #China should be freeing them all. @hrw @hrw_chinese  …
Leaked documents shed light on China's detention of Uyghurs and other Muslims. The Chinese government calls them training centers, but the official record "describes these programs as punishment," says @nytimes's @austinramzy. "Authorities are plainly aware of the 
There is still time for Prez #Trump to walk away from the Phase One #trade deal with a #China that has no intention of honoring it. Chinese officials are cheaters.  …
#China holds perhaps three million individuals Beijing considers racially inferior--primarily Uighurs and Kazakhs--in concentration camps. Chinese officials have not authorized mass exterminations, but people are dying in internment. #EastTurkistan  …
Justice Department China Initiative cracks down on Chinese economic espionage with prosecutions and curbs on foreign investment  …
jeno's chinese handwriting vs jisung's chinese handwriting 
#China's "Han nationalism" rivals the Third Reich's Aryan master race theories in its malevolence. Chinese notions of racial superiority give us an especially disturbing context to Beijing's human-gene experiments.  …
Delhi Customs has arrested one female Chinese passenger on 6th January for attempted smuggling of 1205 grams of gold worth Rs. 42,12,739 from China.
Chinese paddlefish extinct after surviving 150 million years  
Its a tragic fact but based on realistic assessment....Every other civilization, including Chinese, is now hijacked by their respective Zionists & thus will will clash with Islam because this is the only spiritual code of life obstructing their way to total global domination.
“During the 2014 crackdown, a 84-year old Chinese man was unable to understand the officers who were stopping him for “jaywalking” and walked away. A cop pulled him back, the man gave him a slight push and ended up being beaten by multiple officers.”  …
Sikhi, the world's fifth-largest religion, is mainly tied to Punjabi people and culture. Meet Pat Singh Cheung, a #Sikh of Chinese descent in #Vancouver, BC 
#NEW The Chinese Commerce Ministry announces Vice Premier Liu He will visit Washington next week to sign the Phase One trade deal. President Trump previously said the deal would be signed January 15th.
„On Countering Russian and Chinese Interference in Europe”  …
the left picture is mcdonalds’s original mandarin chinese name, maidanglao, and is p popular with folks thanks to its pronunciation sounding like mcdonalds and reads like wheat serves labor the right is the unpopular current name, jingongmen, which lit. means the golden arches  …
Chinese Vice Premier to visit U.S. for phase one deal signing #ChinaUS more:  
Rare reviews from Chinese critics 
The craziest fact about #WuhanPneumonia is that suspected cases are only reported in Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, Singapore, South Korea and Wuhan. The only Chinese city with #WuhanPneumonia is #Wuhan? Hong Kong & Wuhan are ~900km apart; no one was infected between this 900km?  
Why are the Chinese debaters & international participants so afraid to even talk about #UniversalSuffrage in #HongKong? It’s written in Basic Law & promised by in the Joint Declaration. #China is trying to mute the voice of #Hongkongers among the world and it’s NOT  …
Malika ends the match! Thailand will face Kazakhstan in the semifinal round while S. Korea will face Chinese Taipei.  
US Commission Urges Sanctions for Chinese Regime’s Rights Abuses  …
Kazakhstan should not forcibly return two Chinese citizens fleeing ill-treatment in Xinjiang or prosecute them for illegal border crossing while their asylum claims are pending. Daily Brief:  
props to the translator jiejie for not blinking an eye while saying "the sasaeng fan is calling again" in chinese like i would deadass be in too much shock to get it out
I just received this email from Grandma Wong, who was last seen August 11 at Tai Koo station. In Chinese, she writes that she was beaten by police and sent to hospital that day, brought to Futian detention center on August 14, “to hell” (a detention center in Shenzhen)... 
American Express & Peoples Bank of China "Allows AMX to process/SETTLE payments in yuan domestically by setting up its own network with Chinese join venture partner LianLian" LianLian Joined Ripple in 2018 for faster payments into China Credit @xrp33 #xrp 
Reluctantly dragged to another Disneyland but, thanks largely to absence of Chinese tourists, Hong Kong Disneyland has no lines...making it the happiest Disneyland of all. 
In February 2017, Zimbabwe revealed that the army and air force were heavily in debt with Chinese creditors due to defaulting on payments for Chinese arms. Before #Zimbabwe takes on USA, can they pay China &  collect their illegals from South Africa first?  …
NEW: Chinese Commerce Ministry says Vice Premier Liu He will visit Washington next week for the signing of phase of the trade deal
Chinese  giant Alibaba releases subtle ad that appears to feature a gay couple returning home for the lunar new year - pretty rare in a country where the government is known to censor LGBTQ stuff.  …
Chinese transportation system will carry a total of some 3 billion passengers during the #SpringFestival travel period from Jan. 10 to Feb. 
This women is always look beautiful in every Chinese style, I like more of her Chinese outfits than Japanese 
Giant Chinese paddlefish declared extinct after surviving 150 million years  
Chinese debaters hv walked out from finals of WUDC, the largest tournament after the motion revealed to be “TH, as China, would grant universal suffrage to Hong Kong citizens”. Weird part is the winning team from Oxford joined others to redact their names.  …
Drinking tea at least three times a week is linked with a longer and healthier life, Chinese researchers have found -- but the benefits of green tea are more pronounced 
The Chinese paddlefish, one of world's largest fish, has gone extinct  …
#China's new aircraft carrier "shandong" is operational & on patrol, recently a  from #India was reported suggesting the deployment of a chinese carrier in the #Indianocean region is inevitable in the future Satellite  & detail #CV17 & INS 
[One Kid's Room(원키즈룸)] Ep.04 창빈 (Changbin) English, Spanish, Japanese, & Chinese subtitles are now available!  #StrayKids #스트레이키즈 #OneKidsRoom #원키즈룸 #창빈 #Changbin #Clé_LEVANTER #바람 #Levanter #Mixtape_GoneDays #YouMakeStrayKidsStay
Devoted Chinese doctor, 92, treats 600 patients a week 
President Joko Widodo flew to the Natuna Islands amid a stand-off between Indonesian warships and Chinese coast guard vessels and fishing boats in the rich fishing grounds between Malaysia and Borneo.  …
yuqi speaking korean then translating in english then translating in chinese. don't tell me she isn't the most precious girl ever
‘We’re on full alert’: #China’s aggressive #SouthChinaSea move #Indonesia has reacted with anger after #Chinese fishing boats protected by coast guard warships forced their way into its territorial waters A very good read  …
Eunseo reaction when talking about SNSD Yoona. If she takes the chinese class with Yoona, she will only be focusing on Yoona. LOOK AT THAT SHY FACE TALKING ABOUT A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN GURLLLLL YOUR GAY ASS IS SHOWING 
What happens in Xinjiang is an issue of fighting separatism and terrorism, rather than an issue of human rights or religion, says Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi  
Proud to launch the first ever @Nike Chinese New Year spot. Proud of the team behind it. 
US unilaterally withdrew from  Iran #NuclearDeal by transgressing international laws and obligations, and exerted maximum pressure on #Iran, which is the deep-rooted cause of the tensions: Chinese FM spokesperson 
eunseo in fangirl mode: she said she could’ve took the hsk test (for chinese proficiency) at the same time with yoona and thought about being in the same class w her but later said she can’t bc she won’t be able to focus since she’ll keep looking at yoona 
Chinese FM Wang Yi has held phone talks over Middle East with his counterpart Lavrov @mfa_russia. China will enhance strategic coordination with Russia to uphold international justice & regional peace, and play constructive role in defusing tensions in Middle 
Just as Xi Jinping is no less Chinese because he wears a western suit, I’m no less Yoruba because I tweet in English. Don’t let any ethnic nationalists sell you a dummy. Nobody can predict where language wahala can explode in Nigeria. English is ok please. Thanks
“This House, as China, would grant universal suffrage to Hong Kong citizens” - turns out it’s sensitive enough just to debate this World's biggest debate contest axed livestream of Hong Kong topic as Chinese spectators staged walkout  … via @hongkongfp
Immerse yourself in Chinese culture & celebrate The Year of the Rat with the Dublin Chinese New Year Festival, a @DubCityCouncil initiative. Click here to find out what's happening -  
Chinese scholarships 2020 RETWEET @baba_Omoloro @MomentsWithBren @CarolNdosi @jobszim @OmanoE @uniwritercons @h_ssali @kuzukings @mpeter461 @makotiny @ChifeDr @OgbeniDipo @odun42000 @genoeric1 @GezindabaZA @TosinOlugbenga @kelsbimbo 
The Long Goodbye: Chinese Paddlefish Declared Extinct: The 200m year old species, reaching up to 23 feet, survived unimaginable changes & upheavals, such as the mass extinction that killed the dinosaurs. It could not survive human activity.  
Chinese Coca Cola looks like it says OJO OJ4 
The Chinese paddlefish, one of world's largest fish, has gone extinct. Despite the species surviving for almost 200 million years, overfishing and dam construction have led to its downfall.  …
idk he still thinks they’re chinese
US Congress concludes that @Pontifex secret deal with the Chinese Communists has made the persecution of the faithful in China worse Francis has betrayed the faithful -- the worst thing a pope can do  …
Idols who have Jennie and Rosé as their lockscreen wallpaper 1) Eunjo from Dream Note 2) Seulbi from Girls' Alert 3) Xu Meng Jie from Chinese girl group, Rocket Girls 101 4) Haru from NATURE 
Drinking tea at least three times a week is linked with a longer and healthier life, Chinese researchers have found -- but the benefits of green tea are more pronounced 
hahaha.. this is funny :) ok now try ask your chinese friends to look at jawi. u write in jawi, and ask them to read. i believe they will  muslim. terus mengucap and berselawat tafrijiyah. taktau google ok.
#XRPCommunity Important  dates; Jan 10th -> BG Full Moon (Open) -> Saturn/Pluto 37-Yr cycle ends Jan 13th -> FEDnow CB payments Jan 14th -> Repo term ends Jan 15th -> US/China trade deal Jan 25th -> Chinese New Year Jan 30th -> Announcement Any more? 
World’s biggest debate contest axed livestream of Hong Kong topic as Chinese spectators staged walkout  … #WUDC @holmeschan_ #HongKong #China #antielab #antiELABhk #HongKongProtests #censorship #debate
Sources say former Chinese spy Wang Liqiang was bribed & threatened to say he was bribed by ruling Taiwanese party DPP to say he was a Chinese spy. One of those behind the bribes & threats to recant is allegedly KMT deputy secretary Alex Tsai.  …
progressive women are those who cook food for family, go to 9 to 5 job for helping  back to home clean the house and prepare food again not those who drink alcohol and use 'fcuk' and 'bhencho' in every sentence and have a chinese tattoo on hand.
Dudes playing Chinese whispers with himself 
In our continuing series on "China Myths," political scientist Hui Zhou writes about the persisting myth of Chinese efficiency and the efficacy of its centralized system.  
Standard Bank overcharge mortgage client with R 168 000. SB illegally increased the agreed interest rate without the knowledge of the client. If you want to know why, visit the website  and read the article "Standard bank - the Chinese connection".
I’ve no friends. No one tags me so I’m tagging myself for the #ABC_Challenge You know what, @LIHKGPicks is made in HK! Jokes, my chocs’re from Japan. As a piggie , I source my food from #AnywhereButChina. You never know if your #MadeInChina food’s from a Chinese sweatshop! 
You should realize by now that the globalists moved to Canada. We are an Owned country regardless, we call it Crown Land not Public and Harper sold us to the Chinese for a couple pandas. Trudeau calls Soros his “mentor”. CBC is now on par with CNN
Many Cambodians I spoke with voiced concerns about Sihanoukville turning into a de facto Chinese colony, and the consensus was that they were being treated like second-class citizens in their own homeland.  …
Worked on Hualian candy charms to print after Chinese New Years. I tried a new style and learned a lot from making this. Really hope it turns out wellThe side piece candy is japanese wagashi design. Reposting with back. #TGCF #hualian #花怜 #花憐 
More Chinese Nationals arrested for taking pictures of Naval base. 4 in 15 months. Pic below. #Marine Raiders special opts. K-9 unit. If they did that in China they’d be on their way to a concentration camp.  
Chinese singer #CaiXukun teaches #Blackpink's #Lisa and singer #Ella his signature dance move that looks like a person mashing garlic #YouthWithLalisa 
Kirghiz Falcon Festival in XinJiang, “cultural genocide”? Muslims forced to use a Chinese phone! 
Chinese Vice Premier Liu He will lead a delegation to Washington from January 13 to sign the first phase of the trade deal with the U.S.  
Twitter banned the president of Syria and an Iranian leader. Now an Iranian & American ambassador are arguing with each other on Weibo... In Chinese. The Chinese internet has  the most uncensored environment for international political discussions. 
Who told you that you cannot speak Chinese language?,just say these words backwards My shoe shall shine soon
btw Lisa said in Thai "I'm gonna start learning Chinese when I go home tonight"
#Lisa, #CaiXukun, #JONYJ and #Ella had a bite of yummy Chinese food in Guangzhou. How cute! #Lisa had a shrimp dumpling with one bite! #YouthWithYou #LALISA #YouthWithLalisa #KUN 
Mentor Jony-J gave Lisa a chinese dictionary to help her learn Mandarin and said that all the mentors will also be helping her in learning Mandarin Thank you Mentor Jony-J for the thoughtful gift!! #YouthWithLalisa
Jony J brought up a gift for Lisa and it's a dictionary "to help her learn Chinese" and the host was like "but the definitions are also in Chinese so how is she supposed to understand..." i'm CRYING
NOOOOOO THEY REALLY ATE ROAST GOOSE AT THE QCYN2 CONFERENCE SIJSKJCNSCJKSHFJWJDID *goose in chinese is 鹅, which is tencent's nickname because of their penguin (企鹅) logo so basically iqiyi is roasting tencent 
How Sweet! Mentor #Lisa talked about her Chinese learning experience on the press of #YouthWithYou. She said she is very excited to be in China and meet her fans. 
lisa saying she is happy to be on the show and seeing her chinese fans 
lisa said she’s excited because she’ll see chinese blinks PLS PUREST SOUL ALWAYS THINKING ABOUT US ONE WAY OR ANOTHER #YouthWithLalisa
The host's now Lisa how learning Chinese is different from other languages and she said it's hard because of the accents
“i’m not good at chinese but i’m learning” lisa ㅠㅠㅠㅠ #YouthWithLalisa
Lisa: I love 油条 油条 (you-tiao) is a type of chinese fried dough stick, usually eaten with congee but you can just eat them like that too :) 
She just said "I love youtiao" which is a chinese breakfast food. (in the pic) 
pls this is so cute, she’s helping her out with her chinese 
Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen gets an election boost from an unexpected corner: Chinese President Xi Jinping. 
What is your snow artwork this year? A Chinese grandpa drew a Chinese dragon with the snow. 
For those who asked about chinese dudes. We lumped them with the ahmois because they are all flat chested. Malay dudes we can differentiate. They are buncits.
So, US and Iran stopped fighting and signed new nuclear deal... Chinese ships finally backed away from Natuna island... Welp. That was anticlimactic. Shortest World War ever.
The official Sina Weibo account of Chinese streaming site iQIYI's reality show #YouthWithYou announced at 1pm that the livestream of its first press conference will begin soon 
Dear Detectives, Classic Chinese costume for Wu Chang is now in store. Show hands in  below if you like! 
I know you want a good job, to pay well if possible assign you a personal driver. So I will tell you how to get there. Take that shit job. Where a Chinese or Indian calls you idiot every morning. That's the only way up the ladder
Catholic bishop of true (underground Chinese) church bishop Msgr. Cui Tai arrested  …
NEWS: Chinese Conglomerate Tencent Invests in Bayonetta Developer Platinum Games More:  
China will fully open up its market for oil and gas exploration, allowing private and foreign enterprises and other social capitals to enter the field of oil and gas exploration and development, Chinese Ministry of Natural Resources said on Thursday. 
I've now seen all produce series, including the chinese and japanese produce 101, yet no one managed to grab my attention the way jo yuri did. I guess I was just destined to stan her 
4 Chinese nationals have now been arrested for taking photos at a Florida Navy base 
So no minorities, no female leads, nothing that would displease the Chinese government... Why do they need an expensive machine for this, can’t they just contract Harvey Weinstein from the penal system at 17 cents an hour or whatever they pay convicts?  …
Children of  Viets and Chinese really love rambling about how their parents started from the bottom and built their way up in capitalist shithole America while conveniently omitting any mention of their family's hoarded wealth from being landlords in the homeland
Two Chinese nationals accused of taking pictures at restricted US naval property  …
ao3 is recruiting tag wranglers particularly in Chinese! if you are fluent in Chinese and English and you love to make sure things are correct and organized, consider applying!  …
Trump received more negative ratings than Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping.  … #Trump #Iran #IranvsAmerica #IranvsUS
WHO warns NEW coronavirus linked to lethal SARS bug could be behind Chinese pneumonia flare-up 
i love how mei fan doesnt insert chinese into daily conversation like it means that claudine sprinkling french into every statement ever isnt a Bilingual Thing its JUST a Claudine Thing
A private art museum named after a Chinese artist opened in downtown Tokyo, to promote Chinese art and boost cultural exchanges  
Thank you Senator Rubio for bringing up tougher and cohesive action against China’s oppressions and human rights abuses. Strongly support and looking forward to seeing the Chinese/HK officials, HK police and other evildoers be sanctioned or punished. 
Main overseas destinations of Chinese travelers during this year's Spring Festival travel rush are neighboring countries, including #Japan, #South Korea, #Thailand, #Vietnam, #Malaysia, and the #Philippines:  …
Chinese propaganda to defame the democracy fighters in Hong Kong, and now the local government's propaganda machine tell their brazen lies to the public at the parliament: Hong Kong security chief alleged some protesters received training from foreign forces.  …
The Chinese knocking-off something? That’s crazy talk. 
*fan asks IU to speak in Chinese one more time* could've just said one word but proceeds to speak Chinese for a whole minute... I stan 
Who just had Chinese food for dinner
Trump said nothing. Publicly. But I know what he told the Chinese. It's Trump against the world. It was an unfair fight. The world never had a chance.
chinese kpop idol stans: don’t let them go to china otherwise they’ll  like wjsn china line and be popular and rich and famous and live their dreams which is NOT allowed
Finished my precinct training for Pete tonight! Had Chinese for a late dinner and read my fortune. I can imagine it. Dream it—Pete winning Iowa. #mayorpete #pete #peteforiowa 
We’ve just released our first-ever clean energy ranking of Chinese  The most important finding is that all major  in China must dramatically scale up their procurement of renewable energy. @GreenpeaceEAsia  …
the world will look back on 2019 as the year Hong Kong staged that knockout Chinese Opera Festival and Belt and Road summit  …
This is our Rice wreath support for Cha Eunwoo for SBS #핸섬타이거즈. We are a group of Chinese Arohas that always want to support Cha Eunwoo in any ways. Cha Eunwoo fighting, and #핸섬타이거즈 fighting！ #아스트로 #차은우 #ASTRO #CHAEUNWOO #車銀優 #ชาอึนอู #อึนอู #ดงมิน 
Chinese propaganda slogan ‘unifying Taiwan by force’ is losing its threatening edge  … #taiwan @oiwan
I went out to dinner with my parents. My mom said, “Would it kill you to put on a little lipstick?” It might! I barely shower, never shave both legs at the same time, and wear pajamas to school drop off. Also, we were going to a Chinese restaurant not Cinderella’s ball.
from Chuang's interview with Lao Xie, a Chinese Marxist 
"Indonesia's air force deployed four fighter jets to the South China Sea on Tuesday in a stand-off with Beijing after Jakarta protested over a Chinese violation of its exclusive economic zone."  …
Breaking - #Taiwan’s opposition party @kuomintang is now holding a press conference to refute report by @theage about the Chinese spy case, and they are playing a recording between @alexjoske and the Chinese businessman surnamed Sun.
The Boomer gave his credit card number to a Chinese scammer, didn't he?  …
My 1st academic boss was Iranian. My postdocs have been Turkish, Mexican, Ethiopian, & American. My grad students have been Bulgarian, Nigerian, Indian, Korean, Chinese, & American. The world is full of diverse folks who can  great things in inclusive places. #NoHate
Dinner tonight! Seared, chopped beef, sautéed with italian pasta. Served with chinese rice, steamed and ‘simmered’ with French butter. Topped off with fresh Jamaica vegetables. Drink: 15 year, Signature Blend Sorrel from the exotic city of Black River, St. Elizabeth 
Chinese PPI down 0.5% while CPI is up 4.5%. This is not good
Who gives a damn what you think. You are a confirmed NeverTrumper who is part of the Utah Mafia against President Trump. You are also taking lots of Chinese money to make sure we increase more immigration. You and Romney are scumbags!  …
Day Results #FIVBCOQT ASIA MEN’S: 3-0 (25-15, 25-21, 25-23) 3-0 (25-19, 25-20, 25-23) 3-0 (28-26, 25-16, 25-18) 3-2 Chinese Taipei (15-25, 25-16, 23-25, 25-22, 15-9) ONLY ONE #TOKYO2020 TICKET. WHO WILL MAKE IT? More info:  
Lets see - will it be a  a Chinese firm or an entity controlled by an oligarch with ties to Putin. Or perhaps Sheldon Adelson needs another hotel.
[TRANS] JIEUN BOOK Q87. What is your charm? Singing Skill Visual Dancing Skill Lyrics/Composer Skill Others: I love my job Chinese Translated by: Panny7Hsu 
The year is 2021, laptops running producer algorithms interface at Musso and Frank’s on Hollywood Boulevard as studio execs sit and munch their salads and prepare press statements absolving themselves of any racism over the AIs refusal to cast black actors for Chinese market  …
Official look at Nike Air Force 1 Low “Year Of The Rat” for Chinese New Year 2020  
YangYang #杨洋 invites you to see his movie #Vanguard on Chinese New year's day Everyone is invited ( Yang's speech Engsub by me ) @DaZhi0909 @MaryJeanSaban1 @Aniki183 
When locals refer to anime as "that Chinese shit" 
Technically mathematics at least the algebra portion isn't "white" as in European, its Arabic. We use Arabic numbers, not Roman numerals. Also the Inca or was it Mayans? understood the concept of 0 before other cultures and the Chinese weren't too bad at gunpowder. Seriously.
More people in China have  keen admirers of the traditional Chinese clothing known as hanfu, with last year seeing the number of hanfu lovers rise to 3.56 million, up 74.4% over the previous year, CCTV reported. 
Eric, even the Senator who let a Chinese spy into her inner circle for ten years, knows this is crazy!  
#Breaking: Chinese health experts have determined that a “new kind of coronavirus” caused the mystery outbreak of viral pneumonia in Wuhan which has hospitalised 59 people in the past week. 
She would’ve reached a larger audience in Alberta speaking German...or Ukrainian...or Cree...or Spanish...or Chinese...or Tagalog. We’re very diverse here...but French??? You might as well be standing there babbling “Gabba gabba gabba...” #reality  …
An Australian parliamentarian: “We got a letter from the Chinese embassy saying,  see this show.’ So of course…we’ve got to check it out.” The Communist Party’s tactics to suppress @ShenYun sometimes backfire, says Leeshai Lemish. ATLWatch:  
In #Tibet, there is no dialogue for a peaceful settlement, access is almost impossible, and the Chinese government continues to violate religious freedom — including by claiming that only the government has the authority to select a future 15th Dalai Lama.
Today, I am proud that the @CECCgov unveiled its 2019 Annual Report. We found that over the last year, the human rights situation has worsened, and the rule of law continued to deteriorate as the Chinese government continues to violate international human rights standards.  …
I'm quoted in @dw_chinese along with @poscwty, @kharisborloff, and @wearytolove on Taiwan's legislative election and the role of small parties. Thank you @WilliamYang120 for reaching  …
#5G holds economic promise for many  especially in rural areas, but it also brings increased risk of exploitation & espionage by the Chinese military  like Huawei. I'm proud to see my bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act pass in the House today. 
#ChinaStory From little puppies to flowers, Chinese pastry masters know how to create anything! 
++Zen in letter sent to all cardinals in September 2019 reveals that he submitted dubia to Pope Francis regarding the situation in the Chinese Church last July, and that despite the pope expressing an interest, he has heard nothing. 
Indonesia mobilizes army and deploys multiple ships and aircraft to counter repeated Chinese invasion of its EEZ. China not backing down, deploying armed vessels to back up its bullshit claims on Indonesian sovereignty. No possibility of deescalation.  …
LF e-boyfriend uwu -20 / F / cali / chinese -support main and will shield u over myself -will overhype ur average plays -will gift u skins for ur main champs -will laugh at all ur jokes -willing to work out any conflicts -will love u unconditionally
Since the pronunciation of Chinese is difficult and inaccurate, she cannot express her meaning accurately, so  are in English and Thai
Day Results #FIVBCOQT ASIA WOMEN’S: Kazakhstan 3-0 Indonesia (25-22, 25-23, 25-18) Korea 3-0 Iran (25-15, 25-9, 25-19) Chinese Taipei 3-0 Australia (25-20, 25-18, 25-14) ONLY ONE #TOKYO2020 TICKET. WHO WILL MAKE IT? More info:  
This chick asked me where i wanted to go eat for my bday i said chinese. She tell me where to meetup.. I show up and we at the carryout. She then orders her food pays and walks away im like wtf.. I cursed her stoopid ass out and got drunk by myself at the bar across the street  …
Australia is still burning, Trump's about to nuke Iran, the Chinese are building a base on the Sth pole of the moon. . . But in Kungala it's cuddle time . . . 
Recant or die: Alleged threat to self-confessed Chinese spy Wang Liqiang  … The latest development on the Chinese spy seeking to defect to Australia from @Ageinvestigates & @alexjoske
The Chinese regime has been sending dozens of dance troupes to  propaganda & a whitewashed version of China’s history in their efforts to  @ShenYun. Shen Yun emcee Leeshai Lemish on ATL PREMIERE at 7pm ET:  
"Every delegation  here [the US], every interface with anybody in the Chinese government … human rights has to be on the tip of the tongue." - @RepChrisSmith  …
Chinese domestic TV claims Chinese flags are being seen more often in Taiwan (paid "protestors" such as pro-unification parties) and that if Han loses, there is no chance for KMT to be revived again. CCP is unequivocally rooting for KMT. All pro-democracy voters must go vote! 
Close ties between the Chinese government  like Huawei could lead to #5G technology being used to spy on Americans, monitor  & support Chinese military operations. The House just passed my bill to protect against these growing security threats by 413-3! 
UPDATE: A self-confessed Chinese spy seeking to defect to Australia was allegedly threatened that he could be sent back to China and killed unless he publicly retracted his story. @theage #60Mins  …
We're a few weeks away from the release of a highly anticipated Chinese drama series that is  to my worst hurt, so I'm starting a of reasons why you should watch #ThePillowBook #三生三世枕上书 with me. Your 
Empty threat. Iran doesn't buy anything from us. The Chinese and the Russians will keep right on supplying Iran, because they are capitalists in fact if not name and because they don't answer to us. Iran has been under sanction for 40 years. Sanctions are useless. Q.E.D.  …
2 More Chinese Nationals Arrested at Naval Air Station in Key West 
Dazu Rock Carvings is located in Chongqing, China. It was built from 650AD in Tang Dynasty (618AD - 907AD). Among the rock carvings, there are over 50,000 statues and 100,000 Chinese characters of inscriptions and epigraphs. In 1999, it listed in World Heritage List by UNESCO. 
Chinese New Year is approaching (Jan 25). This means that many animals will be slaughtered in preparation for the long awaited New Year festivities. These heartbreaking scenes were shared amongst Chinese activists as a reminder to celebrate the New  
‘Full alert’: China’s aggressive move  Indonesia reacts with anger after Chinese fishing boats protected by coast guard warships forced their way into its territorial waters #SouthChinaSea
Chinese #Alzheimers drug to undergo global clinical trials  … #dementia #China #science @HNMishra11 @LanceScoular @mohsinmalvi19 @ejlazar @AngelaMortimer2 @alvinfoo @raykwong @juwadikimiyaho2 @Moondance_81 @vera_anz @nickystevo @blanketcrap 
What to do when an illegally parked car blocks your way? Ram it 11 times, according to this Chinese driver 
The 200 million year old Chinese paddlefish survived the last five mass extinctions. It couldn’t survive the sixth.  …
I ain’t never seen Mexican twins shit i ain’t never seen Chinese twins  to think about it
What are Turkish, Syrian, Russian, Sudanese and Chinese fighters doing in Libya? The FT's indefatiguable Middle East editor @cornishft will get you up to  …
If Trump loses the election, he is almost certain to blame it on  of Russian, Iranian and/or Chinese interference.  …
CRAZY 4 DAISY January 9th we celebrate 83 years of #DaisyDuck Here is one of my favourite moments with her - celebrating Chinese New Year - and looking to the future! Share your favourite moments with her using hashtag #DaisyDuck83 #デイジーダック #デイジー 
The Chinese paddlefish, one of world's largest fish, has gone extinct. We suck! We managed, what 200million years couldn’t!  …
This is just a wild suggestion, but hear me out: maybe you should reconsider your career in advancing imperialist lies about China if you're so worried about Iranian and Chinese people.  …
It's nearly Chinese New Year & we can't wait! Join us for a day packed full of FREE family fun with lion dancers, martial arts, Chinese tea ceremony, native costume, oriental crafts & more. Saturday 1st February. 11am-2pm. Click on images for details and times. 
Yuhao Wang and Jielun Zhang, Two Chinese nationals who attend the University of Michigan, were arrested after entering a restricted naval base in Florida and snapping photographs:  …
Exhibition still "Furniture by C. R. Mackintosh". Photo: K. Keller. 1974. Image: Moma Chairs L>R: Directors, GSA. 1904. 2&3 Ingram St Tea Rooms. Mains Street Flat. Room De Luxe, Willow Tea Rooms (WTR). 1903. WTR. 1903. Chinese Room, Ingram St Tea Rooms. 1911. Stool. WTR. 1903. 
"Chinese Pavilion, The Jealous One". Alexandr Benois. 1906. 
More people in China have  keen admirers of the traditional Chinese clothing known as hanfu, with last year seeing the number of hanfu lovers rise to 3.56 million, up 74.4 percent over the previous year, CCTV reported.
10-year-old Chinese boy goes viral for his excellent pool skill! 
Vigil’s Chinese zodiac is the rat, you know. This year would be his year! literally 
“If you want happiness for an hour — take a nap.' If you want happiness for a day — go fishing. If you want happiness for a year — inherit a fortune. If you want happiness for a lifetime — help someone else.” Chinese Proverb
RIP Chinese paddlefish I’m sorry we couldn’t save you in time :( 
When your mum says no to a chinese for tea x 
4 Chinese nationals have now been arrested for taking photos at a Florida Navy base 
National put Chinese businessman up for Queen's Birthday honour, via  …
If you thought the Chinese are a disgrace when visiting other countries, bitch you ain't seen nothing yet! Prepare for an army of brainwashed #chinazi frogs in the well #井底之蛙 ready to fight you in your homeland  …
I’m deeply concerned about the possibility that close allies, including the @UKinUSA, might permit the Chinese Communist Party effectively to build their highly sensitive 5G infrastructure. The US must protect itself.  …
4. Chinese State Councilor & Foreign Minister Wang Yi called for promoting  strategic partnership to a higher level, & building  of shared future in the new era. Wang made the remarks when he met President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in Cairo. 
The U.S. shouldn’t be sharing valuable intelligence information with countries that allow an intelligence-gathering arm of the Chinese Communist Party to operate freely within their borders.  …
Recant or die: Alleged threat to self-confessed Chinese spy Wang Liqiang  …
Elon Musk took a page from Theresa May and danced like no one was watching to celebrate Tesla’s new Chinese plant 
American Express application was accepted by China's Central Bank to start operations in China It allows AMEX to process & settle payments by setting up a network with Chinese partner LianLian Group American Express & LianLian are partners with  …
Jian Yang didn't disclose Chinese intelligence connections in citizenship application, via  …
PREMIERE at 7pm ET:  What is @ShenYun? And why does the Chinese Communist Party go to such bizarre extremes—like threatening theater managers—to prevent their performances? Shen Yun emcee Leeshai Lemish explains tonight on American Thought Leaders 
Two Chinese students arrested for taking pictures of Naval Air Station in Key West 
Two more Chinese nationals were arrested over the weekend at the US Naval Air Station in Key West after they entered the base without military ID and took pictures of several structures. H/T 
Chinese doctors bowing down to an 11 year old boy with brain cancer who saved several lives by donating his organs. More pics:  
It is the 30th year that Africa is chosen as the destination for Chinese Foreign Minister’s first overseas visit of the year. Egypt is the first stop. State Councilor & Foreign Minister Wang Yi met President Abdul Fatah Al-Sisi at Cairo. 
Tesla's  will be with Germany's premium carmakers, not Chinese ones 
Yuma BP emphasized how much they need an updated border wall system to help cut illegal border crossings. Yuma Sector Border Patrol has seen a 50% rise between the 2018 and 2019 fiscal year of Chinese Nationals illegally crossing the border.  …
First animal extinction declared in 2020: The Chinese paddlefish, Psephurus gladius. It was  in the Yangtze River, around 25 tonnes were harvested per annum during the 1970s. No individuals exist in captivity, no living tissues exist. Its lenght was up to 7 metres 
Amazing! "Increased religious persecution in China has failed to curtail the growing number of Christians, which has reached more than 100 million today — more than the 90 million members of the Chinese Communist Party."  …
Ni Hao, Washington: Video allegedly shows Chinese nuclear-capable missile launch able to reach US 
$TSLA has rallied nearly 50% since the General Counsel quit (the 3rd GC in a year) on December 6th related to securities fraud inquiries from @SEC_Enforcement You are witnessing a remarkable event as the Chinese Communist party steps in to protect an asset acquired in 2019.
CCTV News posted the video showing @elonmusk dancing in front of #Tesla employees on its Weibo site yesterday. Very funny the vid is post produced w/ special effects and Chinese music. FYI, CCTV News is followed by 96 million Chinese on 
One time three cops pointed guns at me while I was eating Chinese food bc I broke into my own apartment through my window drunk bc i forgot my keys/phone was dead/ and my roommates were out and when I walked up to the door I said “I’m rlly drunk don’t shoot me please”  …
Chinese authorities secretly transferring #Uyghur Muslims to prisons across #China. #Uyghurs #EastTurkestan 
The Chinese paddlefish, one of world's largest fish, has gone extinct:  …
Alibaba's Tmall promo subtly shows gay and lesbian couples celebrating new year with their families. The ad doesn't explicitly mention LGBTQ but it's a rare representation done by a big  
How Chinese Financing is Fueling Megaprojects Around the World - loans, investments and public diplomacy spending  … via @VisualCap
Now available at @WarriorsShop at Thrive City: #Curry7 Chinese New Year Fans can purchase limited pre-release pairs before they are available to the public on Jan. 10  first serve 
Embrace original styles of play. Chinese New Year || 
Never send your Bro a happy birthday text. Unless in Chinese, "Yung No Mo"
#Britain is expected to make a final call on how to deploy #Huawei equipment in its future #5G networks later this month, weighing US-led allegations that the equipment could be used for #Chinese state  …
Since y'all liked my #ColorTheShelves so much last time, here are hints about Author #2 • They're a Chinese author. • Their  book is their sophomore. • It's a character driven post apocalyptic novel. • Explores themes of found family.
Burns Night and Chinese New Year coincide this year - it happens once every 76 years... and there are lots of events taking place to celebrate in Edinburgh @burnsandbeyond We spoke to Mr Qiang Ma the Consul General of China in 
#Dimash participated in an entertaining show "经典咏流传" of CCTV1 channel tonight. In the show singers/stars sing poems as songs. The middle-aged man on photo with Dimash is a famous Chinese professor in an University. He is one of the judges of the show. 
ICYMI: Chinese tech giant Tencent is planning to purchase a 10% stake in Universal Music, the world's dominant record label group. 
Dear #HongKongers, we lost in 2014 because of distrust, unnecessary conflicts, internal division & "spy" snitching. If we lost this time, how oppressive would the Chinese Communist Party & its lackeys be? These photos give us some hints: CAGE. Together we can still win.  …
Chinese-based $NEO  group, @NE0NEXT, recently updated its NeoLine mobile wallet to v1.3 for Android and v1.5.1 for iOS. The update adds news feeds, a decentralized application browsing section, and other functions into the  …
Where is the Panchen Lama? After nearly 25 years, the Chinese government still refuses to disclose the whereabouts and well-being of the second most important figure in Tibetan Buddhism. Sign the petition here:  …
When I was a kid my father told me that if I got a draft notice he would drive me to Canada himself. He had survived the Chinese invasion during the Korean War and all he had to say about it was he was the lone survivor of his platoon.
bro i want chinese so bad . im fin cry rn
OVER BEFORE IT STARTED: How's that for a failure to launch? It's been revealed that Conservative leadership candidate Jean Charest has been advising Huawei (and thus, the Chinese government) on our 5G networks, as well as on the Meng Wanzhou case.  …
Chinese paddlefish (and its relatives, the sturgeons) were around long before the appearance of: —flowering plants —most dinosaurs —bamboo —giant pandas (and all modern mammals) —humans But the “panda of the Yangtze” couldn’t survive us.  …
I, too, have visited Chinese websites with 30$prints of nhl logos on paper towels
#Taiwan votes on Jan. 11 in the #TaiwanElection overshadowed by renewed #Chinese efforts to get the island to accept their rule. The issue of #China has taken front and center in the  …
“After China signed an agreement with the Holy See in September 2018... local Chinese authorities subjected Catholic believers in China to increasing persecution by demolishing churches, removing crosses, and continuing to detain underground clergy."  …
It existed before flowering plants, bamboo, pandas. It outlived the dinosaurs, survived the Ice Age. Now, however, the mighty Chinese paddlefish is gone.  … @NatGeo @Douglas_Main 
Cardinal Joseph Zen has revealed a letter he sent to all the other cardinals in which he says: Holy See has manipulated what BXVI said, quoted BXVI out of context, betrayed the Chinese Church  …
POTUS @realDonaldTrump address 2 nation: No nukes, no bribes, no more BS. More sanctions, more NATO involvenent in Mid East, more "off ramp" peace pipes available ... BTW: Don't need your oil, don't need Euro/Russkie/Chinese fickleness Stay tuned.
Chinese Consul General Mr Li Bijian visited GDA office to discuss CPEC related issues. It was a very fruitful discussion and a wide array of issues came under discussion. Looking forward to a great association. 
The meaning of the traditional Chinese couplets is： DigiByte has been widely used around the world because of the convenience of speedpay. In six years of openness and inclusiveness, they have achieved true decentralization. 
Not your average pair of Forces....  Chinese New Year 2020 
i think that part of the work of decolonizing indie games is abandoning the notion that the work has to be legible to english speakers at all in LIONKILLER, there's a word puzzle that's entirely in chinese. no translations, because english speakers can use google.
We are stunned by this just shipped monolithic 28-Kg aluminum LSFM-body, designed after the purest Ernst Stelzer's doctrine and machined in one piece by skilled Chinese craftmanship. After rinsing and drying we start the assembly. More in  weeks! #LSFM 
#CNY2020 The Year Of The Rat! Celebrate one of the most important traditional Chinese festivities with the exclusive pieces of Moschino Mickey Rat capsule collection:  …! #Moschino @ITSJEREMYSCOTT #ChineseNewYear #CNT TM & © 2019 Robert 
if you liked or retweeted this then you're saying you're okay with casual racism as long as it fits your agenda, better not see you motherfxckers cry whenever xenophobic locals call b** a "chinese group" because according to you they should just smile and nod and take it
Want to make it easier for fellow AO3 users to find the fanworks that are right for them? The Organization for Transformative Works is recruiting volunteer Tag Wranglers in languages including English and Chinese. Follow the link to find out more:  
when jungkook learned a chinese ost by himself to sing for the armys in the crowd :( the sweetest boy #JungkookDay #JKDAY 
The Chinese paddlefish survived unimaginable changes like the mass extinction that killed the dinosaurs—but it couldn't survive humans 
What a patronisingly white premise, that imagines Chinese folk to be a ragged mass fleeing “war & poverty”. Birth tourists in Canada aren’t like this. Folk pay $30K, have a lux holiday, then go home to China. I’ve never even heard of one trying to stay. It’s long-term planning  …
Chinese local government eyes adoption of blockchain for service centers  …
those of you saying my vision on #IranvsUSA is fake & it’s for attention, & that it’s a Chinese flag not Asia, gyimii is China in Africa? Or Asia get flag? Bruh this was just to rep Asia!! Attention anka you know things I go dey tweet?? SIA!! Shoutout to man like @balljbeat 
Not to upset the #Chinese government,Turkey is silent on all these..! A tortured #Uyghur woman who had to stay in a small & suffocating cell with 60 other women for 3 months: “I begged them to kill me” #StopTorture #HumanRightsViolations  … Via @UygurHaber
. @SecPompeo: "The Chinese Communist Party  mass #humanrights violations and abuses against #Uighurs, ethnic #Kazakhs, #Kyrgyz, and other Muslims held in detention in #Xinjiang."  
What to do when an illegally parked car blocks your way? Ram it 11 times, according to this Chinese driver 
#ABC_challenge #AnywherebutChina China has been infiltrating the politics and economy of many countries There’s no reason for you to fund the Chinese for meddling with the affairs of your own country Time to #BoycottChina Tags: @Wintericecccc @BoscoWo42122490 
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. -Chinese Proverb
The face you make when you realize your new volunteer just wrapped up an internship at the think tank you used to work for & also speaks Chinese! So excited to have Sam join the team! 
new...The FBI arrested two Chinese nationals over the weekend for illegally photographing a US Navy base in Florida, according to a  filed Monday in federal court.  
One Chinese official, who meets regularly with snr members of the PLA, told @Reuters that the @HongKongProtests had "increased the difficulty of getting @Taiwan back". “What's happening there is scaring Taiwan," the source said. @baibinbeijing  …
Kevin Patrick Mallory, a former Central Intelligence Agency case officer, was convicted on espionage charges. He transmitted eight classified documents to a Chinese spy. Mallory will be sentenced at a later date.  …
hyukjae said he didn't speak chinese so he asked for help aaaah so cute 
In this tweet a propagandist for #China maligns not only @SecPompeo but also "most US news outlets." The Chinese assault on American institutions is both  and unrelenting. It's time we began robustly defending ourselves.  …
Indonesia pres Jokowi makes pointed visit to Natuna waters as stand-off over Chinese incursions continue:”I’m here to ensure law enforcement for our country’s sovereign rights over the richness of our marine natural resources in the exclusive economic zone  …
Mark is Taiwanese and American being in a kpop group rapping in korean, japanese, English, Spanish, Thai and Chinese. And now he is singing his self written songs full in English and Chinese. #GOT7 
Note: Importing/Availability/Selling/Stock/Usage of Tukkal, Chinese Manja, Nylon Manja along with other Manja which are harmful in nature are BANNED and is a Punishable Offence. #FriendlySankranti 
Vlog: Pancakes that wrap all your imagination. Follow us as we try one of the fanciest Jianbingguozi, a Chinese crepe, in Beijing 
South Africa does not "belong" to Black people. Africa does not "belong" to Black people. There is simply.. more of you. And in about 50-75 years, more Chinese. #IndependentCape
A  has built a 108 meters tall artificial waterfall on the outside of a skyscraper. The 121-meter-tall building, in the city of Guiyang, has a tank installed at its base, where four 185-kilowatt pumps lift the water to the top of the fall  
Blackpink member Lisa receives warm  from Chinese fans as she shoots her first TV program in Chinese mainland - Global Times  …
Ripple customer America Express application accepted by China central bank filing “The approval allows them to process and settle payments in yuan with its Chinese partner (& Ripple customer) LianLian Group.”  … #XRPtheStandard
Simplified Chinese is now the most popular language on Steam, according to its latest hardware survey  
When the Chinese are arrested on suspicion of crimes in other countries, they are meticulously investigated. That didn't happen in Nepal. Important @anilkathmandu reporting on why arrest and deportation of 122 Chinese raise legal and ethical questions 
We have a solution if your wife is nagging over the phone to treat her this Chinese New Year . DARLING , get on Shopee App & make your order now ! If not, you've wasted 1 week already. Hmm.. So please, click here  #ShopeeMYCNY 
They survived the meteor that killed the dinosaurs, but they couldn't survive us—Chinese paddlefish are now extinct, @Douglas_Main reports  
ICYMI -- “Since the fall of 2018, a total of four Chinese nationals have been arrested on charges of shooting pictures of military facilities in Key West, drawing the sharp interest of U.S. counterintelligence investigators….” See:  …
Trump has 1) forced NATO members to pay up, 2) squeezed Mexico into tightening its borders, 3) slowed the Chinese economy, and 4) sanctioned the hell out of Russia. Sometimes good leadership isn’t popular.  …
OK so far Akgaes of minhee, hyeongjun and wooseok have put out statements of the opposement of them joining their respective groups.. . For wooseok its his dc gall union @KWSgall, 2 chinese fan unions of one which is @Knight_wooseok.. let the boys decide themselfes!
#ABC_challenge China has been threatening to cut us off from Chinese money. Then let's build a healthier economic circle that depends a lot less on #China. Post an ABC product and tag 3 ppl to continue @BoscoWo42122490 @concon929 @Wintericecccc  
Everyone in Saigon is telling me they hate China but in fact the Chinese and Vietnamese have a lot  they both love forcing me to drink and smoke excessively while interrogating me about my lack of a boyfriend 
Epilogue: if you are a policy maker / NGO practitioner engaging with China or a journalist / academic researching Chinese politics, please be mindful of the existence of these illiberal and anti-democratic edicts & laws issued by the Chinese Communist Party /End
Overseas NGO Law (2017). "Law brings foreign NPOs and their operations under the jurisdiction of the Chinese Ministry of Public Security" /13  …
Document No 9 (2013). Taboo topics: constitutional democracy, universal values, civil society, neoliberalism, West’s idea of journalism, questioning CCP's historiography and 'socialism with Chinese characteristics' /9  …
Asians moaning about bafta being so white but willingly supports hk terrorists being lapdogs to white people, waving the UK/USA flag while their fellow terrorists murders, burns and tortures Chinese people... Dont expect anything less from boba trash
Indonesia deploys fighter jets in stand-off with China Indonesia’s air force deployed four fighter jets to the South China Sea on Tuesday in a stand-off with Beijing after Jakarta protested over a Chinese violation of its exclusive economic zone.  …
Map shows Chinese foreign direct investments in the EU as share of 2018 GDP. Source:  
IC! It's ONE month to #WINNERCROSSTOURINSG! Have you heard Seung Yoon performing a Chinese song before?! Check out his amazing cover of Mayday "Tenderness" here! :   …
1: The #Indonesian military is patrolling the Natuna Sea in order to prevent #Chinese intrusions there. Army units, navy, coast guard and the air force have been deployed. Pics via @johny2b 
