OFFICIAL: Ghana midfielder Wakaso Mubarak will be unveiled by Chinese Super League side Jiansu Suning following his medicals today. He joins the Asian side from Deportivo Alavez. 
PLEASE REPORT Report this acct as abusive  … Chinese s/pam accounts please report  …   …  …   …
why does every cuisine have its own form of empeñadas? chinese food has spring rolls, middle eastern food has samosas, america has hot pockets...
New Chinese virus 'will have infected hundreds' am I The only one who finds it concerning these things originate in China...what are they experimenting on  …
Don’t forget that Thiel funded Carbyne, the  that Ehud Barak and Jeffrey Epstein were business partners in. The endgame is Chinese style surveillance and social control, a society where you lose social credit points for acting out.  …
This is NOT Chinese culture, this is CCP twisted culture. CCP is not China. Chinese culture is about courtesy禮, righteousness義, incorruptibility廉潔, nobility知恥, kindness仁 and learnedness學養。 Since the Cultural Revolution, the mainlanders lost all Chinese heritage.
Married couples who love each other tell each other a thousand things without talking. ~Chinese Proverb #fiercemarriage
Facebook issued an apology after a translation error left Chinese leader Xi Jinping’s name as “Mr. Shithole”.  …
Facebook apologizes after Chinese president Xi Jinping's name translated to "Mr. Sh-thole"  
1. Pay recruits to go to UF 2. Buy all of the UT vols season tickets so no one could go to the games 3. Go to a Chinese buffet  …
Good news: America’s oldest Confucius Institute to close //Amid allegations of censorship and U.S. government scrutiny over its activities, these Chinese government-funded language and culture programs face growing barriers in the U.S.//  …
Many governments rightly challenged Trump's separation of migrant children from their parents on the US-Mexico border. Why not also criticize the Chinese government’s separation of Uighur and other Turkic Muslims children from their parents in Xinjiang?  
LIVE:  “The ability of the United States to win in a long-term…  with [the Chinese regime]… [that’s] not something we can take for granted… We are facing a[n]… almost diabolically  here.” @Ian_M_Easton on 
LIVE:  #China: “We’re not keeping up with the threat… We’re focused on not changing the status quo… [But] the Chinese Communist Party wants very much to change the status quo. And they’re working day in and day out to do that.” @Ian_M_Easton on 
Happy Chinese New Year!!! 
Wuhan Pneumonia: Chinese authorities decline  while three more cases found in Shenzhen, Shanghai. Totally irresponsible before the CNY travelling rush - what could be a better way to spread the virus as effectively?  … via @scmpnews
Why is it easier to Yang a Republican who initially thinks he’s a Chinese spy than it is to Yang a Democrat who has him ranked 3rd? #TextBankingThoughts #YangGang
Infected 2 Chinese citizens now it’s a “New Chinese virus”? Lazy journalism or subtle racism? SARS pandemic originated in China 2002. We never called it “Chinese Severe acute respiratory syndrome”. Asian Flu tho. We’ve been blaming ‘the other’ for years  …
The Chinese regime spends "a tremendous amount—not just of money, but also human talent & resources…on making sure that the [US] does not recognize Taiwan’s government.” The goal is to isolate Taiwan, says @Ian_M_Easton on ATL PREMIERE 6pm ET:  
I been alive for 23years and never seen a Chinese funeral on god they eat each other
Come visit the T-Mobile crew at the Chinese Cultural Plaza until 9pm! Celebrate #yearoftherat , grab a bite (or 3), and switch to the #UnCarrier. @arunramchan @Crystal_Bolda @ISLila #PNWinning 
MewGulf speak Chinese! Gulf’s eyes always follow his Khui P Mew: 我喜欢..中国人 I like Chinese people Gulf: 我爱你 I love you Me: You just need love each other #HiraBlueMGxMewGulf #MewGulf #MewSuppasit 
my parents are getting chinese food i’ve never known serve like this 
chinese looks will always my type
He solicited Russian, Ukrainian and Chinese interference in our elections.
 report on the CCP’s data-driven policy of power expansion is written by Dr.Samantha Hoffman ( @He_Shumei): “Engineering Global Consent: The Chinese Communist Party’s data-driven power expansion”. Highly relevant for #Mongolia:  …
The release of the chinese lanterns in Tangled
"I’m starting to understand that a big part of my language loss was due to internalized racism. I’d internalized the idea that Chinese — and Cantonese in particular — was a loud, raucous, ugly  to English." — 
New French-produced #BeltandRoad docu examines #Djibouti, #Ethiopia, and #Pakistan. The anxiety displayed in some of the narratives is quite amusing: "The Chinese are replacing the French in Djibouti" "If you leave the door open, others  in"  …
The Chinese artist dedicated the piece to his grandmother and created it in secret in a small fishing village. A ladder covered in fireworks was raised by a balloon before the explosions were set off. As they spread, it was like the light rose to the heavens. 
$fro $dht $tk $tnk $stng $pxs $nat $eurn $nna $wtic $uso #oil I expect acceleration in Tanker Rates, after Chinese New Year's Seasonal slow down Creates a Buy Opp. New Year's may be priced in Now. The Chinese New Year's Effects on the Shipping Industry  …
This piece should instead be titled “What Leonhardt doesn’t understand about the Chinese.” He is more concerned with scoring cheap shots against Trump than offering insight. If the PRC model is so appealing why are Hong Kong and Taiwan saying “no, thanks.” 
nurse and cop tiktok are a chinese op to destroy america from within
Arguing about the importance of labor unions with my dad and he brings up the AFL's support for an extension of the 1882 Chinese Exclusion Act lmfaooo godammnit @AFLCIO
Just shoveled in front of my apartment then shoveled in front of the chinese food place around the corner because i was geared up and they’re always so busy. Then they came out and told me they made me dinner. That’s the New York I love.
The United States is very clever in its handling of its Chinese population. Harassment in the McCarthy period drove two Chinese scientists to leave the US. Qian Sanqiang became the head of the Chinese nuclear program, Qian Xuesen the head of the missile program.  …
"Facebook Inc (FB.O) said on Saturday it was working to find out how Chinese leader Xi Jinping’s name appeared as “Mr Shithole” in posts on its platform when translated into English from Burmese, apologizing for any offense caused and saying the problem had been fixed."
Facebook apologizes after site translates Xi Jinping's name to 'Mr S***hole' from Burmese posts as Chinese leader visits Myanmar 
Proud moment for our Confucius hub @Bangor_Academy when Gracie in yr 8 won Highly Commended (5th place) in the  which had 5000+ entries . Peter Weir MLA was there to present prizes. A wonderful finale to a fabulous event, for Chinese New Year of the Rat. 
Why Lithuania’s history disturbs   
Graced within light and time - A bridging of some Chinese roots, parents’ antiques, and Grecian aesthetics (thank you to Greek brand Milk White for this dress) 
It's more better to spread "not so sweet orange jam" than honey or general orange jam. Because, in general, vanilla ice cream is too sweet. Also sprinkle a little Chinese (Sichuan) pepper powder and vodka on it, this is my  fuck. ( ´•ᴗ•)ก
If you’re in THIS country you gotta learn ENGLISH! *in a Chinese restaurant* Can I have a fork? -the same people
Chinese authorities have detected a new outbreak of coronavirus. While this is the same family as the SARS virus, it appears to be a new disease. The disease has been connected to a seafood market in China, but the investigation is still ongoing.
Ok so Ironwood’ guns are definitely a reference to Yin yang (Ancient Chinese philosophy, yin and yang is a concept of dualism) mirror his robotic side and human side, and remember he loses one! #RWBY7 #rwby7spoilers @ThatKaitoDan @UnicornOfWar @jeremyboss007 @murder 
Melting Arctic sea ice means newly accessible waterways  ships are increasingly plowing along. To leverage this, one Norwegian mayor wants to turn his tiny town into a major logistical hub. Now, he’s courting Chinese investors for help. 
Over a millennium of Chinese history illustrates the importance of political hierarchy: gaining and losing political importance led to the rise and decline of different localities, from Ying Bai and Ruixue Jia  
Facebook apologizes after Chinese president Xi Jinping's name translated to "Mr. Sh-thole"  
This is what Rockridge looked like in the early 1900s. The building on the left is a real estate office. Early advertisements warned that "No negroes, no Chinese, no Japanese can build or lease in Rock Ridge Park." 
Here we go again (but at least no Chinese natls charged). "German prosecutors have launched an international investigation into a suspected Chinese spy ring centering on three German nationals, including a former senior diplomat."  …
being chinese ≠ supporting the chinese government being a cpop stan ≠ supporting the chinese government just because people are chinese does not mean they agree with the ccp. it’s stupid to generalise a whole race of over 1 billion to have the same view.
Chinese demand for pork is likely to boost the US pork markets in 2020. 
Chinese bishop sleeping on street after refusing to  schismatic group 
chinese dramas with an opening that contains the whole story  …
I can't believe this is real. "Facebook said on Saturday it was working to find out how Chinese leader Xi Jinping’s name appeared as “Mr Shithole” in posts on its platform when translated into English from Burmese, apologizing for any offense caused ..." 
Facebook apologizes after vulgar translation of Chinese leader's name  
« INFO » Jungkook and JHope are credited to the Black Swan Chorus. This is from NetEase Cloud Music, a Chinese music application where BTS / BigHit exclusively releases their music.Chorus is not a written credit (they did not write it). Their voices are recorded and serve + 
Just wait till we’re in a fire-fight with Chinese astronauts in a space forest on the Moon and see who’s laughin’ then!  …
Nice Communist Chinese flag Mao  …
#一推一故事 As I walked there, two men were beside me at a red light. One carried a huge Chinese flag and in all black. Me: "Why are you wearing black?" Him: "Why not?" Me: "Black is the color to support #HongKongProtests" Him: "Can you speak Chinese?" Me: "We're in Canada"
Facebook apologizes after Chinese president Xi Jinping's name translated to "Mr. Sh-thole"  
"American dollars are being invested in a Chinese Communist Party intent on undermining America, human rights & religious liberty. "Allowing the savings of Americans to be linked to the success of the #CCP is a grave error we  to  …
#一推一故事 It was a warm summer night in Vancouver. Chinese nationalists brought weapons to assault HKers at a police brutality event which eventually got cancelled. Went there anyways. Vancouver police questioned their organizer, Victor Feng. He said it was only a joke. 
My last time at Chinese karaoke bar I see. 
White Terror for foreign ppl to hk. After a U.K foreign came to hk 'suicided' case. We hv a new one now: a #Taiwanese came to hk working, disconnected at Sep/15, called to his Taiwan fd he was arrested at 24/Sep. someone used simplified chinese to texted his TW fd. 
i’ve said this before and i’ll say it again: translating is not as easy and straight forward as some people believe it to be, especially when you’re translating across language families, and especially with a language as intricate as chinese.
Facebook apologizes after site translates Xi Jinping's name to 'Mr S***hole' from Burmese posts as Chinese leader visits Myanmar 
Lots of jokes about #SpaceForce this weekend. But understand, it was created to counter Chinese dominance in this domain, which could have grave implications for the US within just a few short years. Trump’s creation of Space Force protects US geopolitical interests. Watch:  
Satellite images show thousands of Uyghur graves demolished by Chinese authorities. #China 
Unwanted and scalded to death: Thousands of male ducklings are cruelly killed every day in a Chinese hatchery because they can't lay eggs  …
He is really warm. He explained the rules of the game to me patiently. He knew that this game would be difficult for Chinese fans Thank my friend for helping me record this, but too short, if someone records this part, please tell me 
The Air Jordan 1 Low "Chinese New Year" is limited to 5000 pairs  
Insecure And Jealous Asem Bots are Crying Now. Fact is, Aseeem bots Trend has: Promoted Tweets 20+ Blue tickers who never watch BB Chinese Accounts Atleast We are doing by Ourself With Vindu Paji, Kamya maam and Sambhawana ji.. Its Called Pure Fans Trend ♡ #ChartbusterSid
Chinese lights festival at the Cologne Zoo. Very pretty 
The Senator for Beijing, @yuenpauwoo. He advocated for a bunch of fraudulent  in Vancouver a few years ago. Why isn’t he in jail? I ask this question all the time.  …
Solidarity with Hong Kong. Sun 19 Jan 1-3pm, Chinese Embassy, Portland Place London W1. Show your support for the heroic democracy & human rights defenders in 
I just cried af when reading this in weibo. It writes so deep so I think I should share this (not a professional translator but I tried) Donghae I want you to be good. Nothing else. Original Chinese post see  … 
China mined 3.75 billion tons of raw coal in 2019... 4.2% from 2018. China imported 300 million tons of coal in 2019 6.3%. Wake me when Greta the Climate Puppet scolds the  at this coal mine vs. the pantywaisted elitists at Davos. 
They could have said "a new virus in China" but they say "Chinese virus."  …
Interesting choice by the #Canucks putting Brad Marchand on the flying skate logo to celebrate Chinese New Year. 
Chinese volunteers fighting for the YPG in Rojava (2018) 
The Communist Chinese were all atheists, look what happen in China after 1949. Chairman Mao was atheists, and he was one of the biggest murderer in human history. When you fear no God, you will try to be God.
Could we see Minccino released for the Luna Event/Chinese New Year? Possibly Also the shiny version would be nice too This was a super quick edit i threw together just incase it is released and anyone wants to know what the shiny looks like 
Chinese rite vestments are pretty nifty. 
REMINDER: ~2 million Uighur Muslims are STILL imprisoned in Chinese concentration camps. #China treats Islam like a mental illness, and in addition to camps, China is sterilizing Uighur women, brainwashing children, harvesting Muslim organs, and more.
Overseas Chinese Reception 2020 is held in Chinese Embassy on Saturday. Largely attended by over 800. H.E. Ambassador Mr.Yao Jing addressed the reception mentioning that China would work together with Pakistan to build a China-Pakistan Community of Shared Future in the new era 
I just played singularity to one of my male friend who always asked why I love this “Chinese boy “(tae) 30sec in and he said now I understand why you’re addicted to him, he said his voice can make u fall in love
"Lily Tomlin is eating Chinese takeout with salad tongs. Jane Fonda is making off with a bottle of vodka at an awkward luncheon. At the end of the episode, there’s a heart-to-heart that makes you cry. It’s apparently everything I want in a series." 
Facebook apologizes after vulgar translation of Chinese leader's name  
Sweden’s SVT reports that China has so actively tried to influence the reporting of Swedish media outlets that the Foreign Ministry has summoned Chinese ambassador to discuss press freedom.  …
When Trump is no longer in the WH how are they going to shut his mouth about government secrets and goings on? He will try to make himself important to every person  in contact with. Every Russian, Chinese, etc agent will be knocking on his door.  …
#BayArea are you ready for the 2020 Chinese New Year festivities!? We are getting ready to kick off this weekend’s Flower Fair here on Grant Ave is San Francisco’s famed #Chinatown! Come by for some selfie fun, free swag, and the best deals in 
#China is threatening to annex #Taiwan by force:  . It is time for the United States to tell the Chinese, in public, that we will defend the island by all means necessary. We cannot allow totalitarian aggressors to snuff out a vibrant democracy.
Chinese Ambassador to Pakistan Yao Jing has termed 2020 as a year of renewal of the Sino -  and looks forward to pushing industrialization in Pakistan. #China #Pakistan #CPEC #EmergingPakistan @CathayPak 
Sweden summons Chinese ambassador over threats to media 
Have you watched Nike's first Chinese New  for 2020? : 
200118 WayV High Touch in Mudong OP: What will you do on your birthday? Lucas: Probably.. Work... OP: You are not going home for Chinese New Year?? Lucas: Yes…. 
I hope Bernie is reading what a lot of his supposedly supporters are putting out. Many I am sure are Russian and Chinese bots Since they were successful last time getting them stirred up to vote for Jill who was a Russian plant, they are doing it again. It will cause trump to win
PATRIMONITO to the rescue The #GreatWall in #China, also known as the 'Long Wall of Ten Thousand Li' to Chinese, has been weathered by the time. Watch how our guardian joins young people to protect this #WorldHeritage 
Facebook translating Chinese dictator's name to 'Mr Sh*thole'  …
Harbingers of Beijing’s ascent are everywhere, from its overseas investments to the Chinese navy’s patrol of major sea lanes. But with a stumbling economy, writes Michael Beckley, China will only grow more aggressive—and more dangerous—abroad. 
Söder & Seehofer should just be honest and say they are backing #Huawei out of fear of a Chinese backlash against Bavarian carmakers. Instead they are spreading disinformation. Not a good look  …
Disinformation campaign by Bavarian PM @Markus_Soeder continues. In @welt, he falsely claimed choice on #5G was between Chinese & US suppliers (alternative to Huawei is Nokia/Ericsson). Today he says "we need to decide between difficult alternatives".  …  
Shove it up your a##: Wisconsin has had a historic high in farm bankruptcies in both of the last two years. There is  back when your farm is sold to the highest bidder. (Ironically, often to Chinese investors!)  …
My mind isn't like a steel trap, it's more like one of those chinese finger traps from the prize box in elementary school
Scientists warn over outbreak of Chinese virus 
SS8 Macau ment K: SJ M? S: we r Super Junior... S/K/E: M *E sings* K: I've forgot(x2) S: forgotten? (Ur Chinese) deteriorated! K: anyways, lets have fun tonight, yh? Yes/no? Correct/not? Is or not? Can or not? You r now watching... ELF: Kyuhyun! K: correct (Vid cr: sandy茹荟) 
Thousands of Chinese Students’ Data Exposed on Internet - WSJ #China #students #facialrecognition #biometrics #identity #dataleak #privacy #CyberSecurity @WSJ  …
Sprinkle a little Chinese pepper powder & "vodka" on "The vanilla ice-honey/orange jam-butter toast" , it will be literally FUCK! ( ´•ᴗ•)ก  …
#UWMAep11 We’re pleased to update about the Ohmfluke Chinese fans charity project’s progress. Please look at the attached pictures, thank you! @ohmthitiwat @FlukeNatouch @Note0075 @newsinfinity1 @OhmFlukeFamily 
Beijing’s actions portend a dystopian future in which no one is beyond the reach of Chinese censors 
Research suggests that Chinese firms are seeking control of Zambian mining assets as collateral for potential loan defaults.  #African #China #Debate #ScrambleforAfrica #AfricnaNews
To be fair, you don't hear American officials regularly stand up and say that they are "deterred" by anything at all, including Russian/Chinese nuclear forces. What matters is that US planning now takes North Korean nuclear capability into account.  …
Abandoned Chinese fishing village being swallowed by nature 
The Chinese government's covers for the Myanmar army's atrocities against Rohingya Muslims. In return, the Myanmar government must allow unpopular Chinese investment in its infrastructure.  
Chinese President Xi Jinping hailed a ‘new era’ of relations between China and Myanmar as he met Aung San Suu Kyi during his two-day visit to the country  
Look at this amazing Chinese cat sculpture!!  …
today is such a good day we got a lot of tontents (ten contents), we won an award voting for him, his first variety show appearance on chinese national tv, he's having fun at taeyon's concert, and oh i reached 2k today!! have a good night everyone~ 
need a chinese and a fat shag
#Supercampeones guard of honour x Chinese New Year style!  #RMLiga | 
hmmm #thinking wwx, the infamous pirate on chinese waters. and lwj, a siren who cannot sing.
donghae start his 2nd ment in chinese w “today, i’m so sorry” please hae, don’t. you’ve done your best to what you can. everyone knows;;;;;
China has crossed $10k per capita GDP while India languishing at $2k. Average Chinese five times as rich as average Indian.Chinese economy almost 5 times the size of the Indian economy. But BJP ecosystem will have you believe India has arrived.Think again.  …
Yes, a faltering #China is dangerous, but  rule China is dangerous full stop. Let us ignore the inevitable calls for us to, once again, rescue  Democracy is better than totalitarianism any day.  …
Why #Chinese guys only follow #Uyghur children and teach red  song to them? Why they don’t go to teach those sick songs to their own kids? 
SO KRYSTAL IS WORKING WITH CHINESE MAGAZINE. HELL YES KRYSTAL!!!! 
Let's do something SPECIAL! A #ChineseNewYear #GIVEAWAY 6.93 $WORTH OF a #Chinese #CRYPTO project! Let's do an #ICON #GIVEAWAY! To win: Wish all #Bitcoinlive followers a Happy #CHINESE NewYear! Comment 2020 is GREAT, because Follow Like Retweet TAG 6 Friends 7d 
yay more genderbend mykr revue starlight shiz— I have my Chinese New Year break around next week wooo so maybe more drawings next week #真矢クロ #西條クロディーヌ #天堂真矢 #RevueStarlight #AnimeArt #FANART 
In 2020, China will conduct a feasibility run for social credit systems in Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Mongolia, using Chinese software, servers and consultants.  …
pledis’s chinese idols hits different 
You Are The Greatest Blessing From Time New PV Releases: the Chinese New Year wish tree event with odds up will be out on Jan 20th! Who would you like to celebrate this special day with? Comment below to summon a bonus event worth Gem*10k together! 
There was a scroll with Chinese words written on it in Fred Rogers office. Translated into English it reads: ‘If you want to see yourself clearly, don’t look in muddy water.’”
Hopefully if i speak in tongues,  out.  …
 make donations of cotton coats and quilts to the local people in Gwadar who are suffering from the harsh winter weather. Long live China Pakistan friendship! 
Vanilla ice cream-honey/orange jam-butter toast 1, Toast it after spread/put "crushed ice cream" on a white bread. 2, After the ice melted, take the toast out. 3, Spread butter on it. 4, Spread honey or jam on it. 5, Toast it again 6, sprinkle a little Chinese pepper powder on it
#China's Communist Party continues to take innocent lives, Chinese and foreign.  …
Chinese Ambassador to Sweden Gui Congyou, with quite the diplomatic metaphor to describe China-Sweden relations  …
Hunter Biden, chronic drug addict, just "discharged" from the Navy for cocaine use, joins his father on a trip to China - and returns with a $1.5 BILLION contract with the Chinese for a "private equity fund" he was forming. Rabid corruption involving Joe Biden. 
Inside the UltiZeroGames development office. The core team is working on Lost Soul Aside for PS4. The game is part of the China Hero Project sponsored by Sony which aims to bring Chinese developed titles to a global audience. 
More CCP infiltrators this time in the guise of British peerage @BorisJohnson WTH? Deep  infiltration? No to #ChinaSpy Yes to #BoycottChina Reject totalitarian dictorship and their princelings and homegrown traitors! 'Lord' someone or  …
I will be there tomorrow, speaking up for Uyghurs, Hong Kongers, Tibetans and other victims of grave human rights violations perpetrated by the Chinese Communist Party. Will you join us? Will you speak out for freedom? Will you #StandwithHK #standwithuyghurs #StandwithTibet  …
Gun to your head, Name a Chinese rapper.
When asked if you stood up for the rights of others, what would you say? Join us, @Stand_with_HK , @UyghurCongress , @DemocracyforHK and the  at 49-51 Portland place, outside the Chinese Embassy, tomorrow at 1pm to make that stand. 
the first time i watched mama mv i chose to watch chinese ver first, and when  out with his voice.... then i "OH!? WAIT HIS VOICE IS??????" and ended up till this sec i always by his side #엑소엘이_믿는_첸 #엑소엘은_엑소9명_믿어 
 … Bannon: Trump "broke the Chinese Commie Party with the phase one trade deal."
Chinese medicine against corruption: what could be a strong message to looters of public purse&corporate syndicates within confines of our constitution?Corruption has reached crisis proportions&should be classified economic sabotage or worse as it afflicts the poorest the most 
Ayo ramaikan Gong Xi Fa Cai! Wishing You Abundance of Good Health, Wealth and Happiness in This New Year! A New Year is about to start. May it bring a lot of opportunities for you. Happy Chinese New Year. 
The Chinese Zijiang M99 AMR out on ribat in #Idlib, originally supplied to rebels and then leaked to HTS and 
(edit) Chinese New Year with KIM 
3 years ago... 7yo: What does the Chinese flag look like? Can you look it up? Me: Not right now, we probably have a book somewhere with a picture of it. 7: PLEASE? I really, really need it!! *glance over and see a piece of paper on which he's written "Declaration of War"*
Happy Chinese Lunar NewYear to all my Chinese Brothers&Sisters not only in Sino-Pak but all over the world. 2020 should be the year to tell the whole world who Chinese are& what China means, by reflecting the core Chinese Philosophy& true Perception towards the global prosperity. 
HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR!!!! #KillThisLove #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
In its annual report reviewing human rights standards in nearly 100 countries, the Human Rights Watch NGO warned that the Chinese government is carrying out an intensive attack on the global system for enforcing human rights 
Photos of the Model Y third row seat published on a Chinese website. This is a truly laughable. The backseat of a Porsche 911 has more room. $tesla 
SS8 Macau EH: Chinese is...? Fans: as easy as eating rice!! EH: do not worry We are not worried haha #SuperJunior
Chinese currency #yuan became No.1 cross-border payment currency between South China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region and #ASEAN in terms of transactions, official data showed 
Frankly I don't have mood for Chinese New Year Market, but I went to this one in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong. Because it's in #YellowEconomicCircle Some stalls' revenue solely goes to frontline bros & siss. For these stalls, I paid more than the price, 
Facebook translates Chinese president Xi Xinping's name to 'Mr Shithole'  …
oh right abt byungchan's caption on IG. i guess it's their chinese zodiacs! : wooseok - 1996 : byungchan - 1997 : minkyu - 2001 
Gun to your head Say “ Please “ in Chinese .
ALL THESE SPORTS ANIME SEIYUUS RUNNING TO VOICE ANCIENT CHINESE GAYS
New Chinese virus 'will have infected hundreds' #chinesePneumonia - The number of people already infected by the mystery virus emerging in China is far greater than official figures suggest. - UK experts estimate the figure is closer to  …
Chinese bishop sleeping on street after refusing to  schismatic group | News | LifeSite  …
A Chinese woman sparks social media outrage in her country by posting photos of herself and a friend with a Mercedes-Benz on the grounds of Beijing's Forbidden City. 
A Maine mill, cast aside by short-term investors, needed a savior. A Chinese paper tycoon stepped in, promising to operate it for 100 years. 
#ChinaBuzz How to be a parent with "magic"? This trending magic trick on Chinese social media may give you some ideas. 
"This month a house in Knightsbridge was reported to have been sold to a Chinese tycoon for £210 million, breaking all UK property records. The annual council tax? £1,507.70." reveals Ed Conway (Sunday Times). It really is time for AGR/LVT.
A Myanmar-born Chinese language teacher is working on bringing Chinese and Myanmar people closer by breaking down the language barrier in a border city in Yunnan, SW China  
This week's trending rights tweets are mainly about @HRW's new global report that the Chinese government doesn't want you to read.  
Romanization of on-yomi or Chinese reading of kanji characters The purpose of this thread is to help us recognize who are who once MDZS JP audio drama is out. The first half of season one will be out on January 24, on Mimi FM app! Source: 
Chinese President Xi Jinping said he is willing to work with Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Trong to lift the  strategic cooperative partnership in the new era to new heights  
#HongKong police wearing chinese brand Li-Ning sneakers while on duty? 
Lol. Byungchan's caption was That corresponds to their Chinese zodiac. 1996 = (Wooseok) 1997 = (Byungchan) 2001 = (Minkyu)
When an opinion piece starts w “Chinese leaders stretching back to Deng Xiaoping have often thought in terms of decades.” And then you read it is by a person who visited China twice and wants to educate the American public of what they don’t understand... 
A potential watershed moment in the 5G debate: "Naturally we need to give our own European providers the same level of support as China gives its firms”, Merkel says in FT interview. Given the Chinese level of support for  that could be a lot of support.  …
This Chinese-born woman COMPLETELY RENOUNCED her chinese citizenship, became a US citizen, and then stole hundreds of millions of US IP, and took it to China to enter it into a Thousand Talents contest for theft...and won!  …
Ninja style chinese edition? PON PON PON 
Happy Chinese New year with Lalisa #블랙핑크 #리사 #LISA #LALISA 
[Fanmade] Jendeukie’s Chinese New Year Song #JENNIE #BLACKPINK #KillThisLove #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
And: over the past two years the Chinese embassy has contacted numerous Swedish news outlets  about their reporting about China, Swedish National Television reports. The emails have included phrases like "tyranny by the media".  …
I managed a 45-year journalist career without having shorthand. Students, don't listen to this dinosaur. Learn Chinese or something  …
A billion pesos worth of illegal cigarettes allegedly manufactured by 29 undocumented Chinese workers were seized in a raid in Barangay Sinipit here, Cabiao, Nueva Ecija. The warehouse is owned by the DOST’s Technology and Livelihood Resource Center (TLRC).  …
Millions of Chinese are heading back to their hometown for #SpringFestival2020. Photographers have captured some moments of the world's largest human migration. 
Reminder: Taiwan's exclusion from the World Health Organization due to Chinese pressure poses an unnecessary global health risk, especially when mystery viruses start spreading beyond China's borders. For Beijing, politics trumps lives.  …
Chinese students say that free speech in the US is stifled by China, with many afraid to speak out over concerns of the safety of their families back home.  …
200118 @itisDW Weibo Update : Yixing's Chinese New Year greeting for Daniel Wellington! #producerLayZhang #LayZhang #อี้ชิง #张艺兴 #Lay #Yixing #ZhangYixing #레이 #レイ #장이씽 @lay_studio 
Always really enjoy joining with the  for a night of colour, music and celebrations. Delighted to join Consul General Madam Zhang last night in celebrating the Chinese New Year 
“Florida has  an attractive destination for Chinese spies and their pace is quickening: In the past two years at least nine Chinese nationals were detained in Florida for espionage-related activities; five in just the past few months.”  …
The Indonesian navy’s mission when Chinese coast guard and fishing vessels arrived: Drive them away—but without escalating tensions 
Tomorrow at 1pm at the Chinese Embassy in London I will be speaking at this protest to #StandwithHK #standwithuyghurs #standwithtibet alongside my friends @lukedepulford @SimonCh15198572 @PeterTatchell and others ... Join us, speak up for freedom and stand up to  …
The navy chief also talked about the increasing Chinese involvement in Indian Ocean and its navy ships entering India’s exclusive economic zones  …
It would be shocking if Communists started to interfere with our democratic society! Perhaps by giving money to Persut politicians from the Chinese Communist Party through a 
Highlights | @RatchanokMay Intanon secures her place in tomorrow's finals with a superb display over the Chinese 19-year-old Wang Zhi Yi #HSBCBWFbadminton #IndonesiaMasters2020 #HSBCRaceToGuangzhou 
Ambrosius Bosschaert the Elder was born #OnThisDay in 1573. 'A Still Life of Flowers in a Wan-Li Vase' shows tulips, roses, and a single blue iris massed into a Chinese vase; costly flowers in a costly container. Alongside the blooms insects play hide-and-seek in the shadows. 
How things change in 40 years. Africa was largely impoverished in 1980, but wealthier than China. Time for our authorities to strike trade deals more beneficial than just shipping out  and importing Chinese managers and technicians for partnership projects. 
We have Only Vindu Paji, Kamya Maam Till Now.... But These Aseeem Bots are forgeting 20+ Blue tickers Were involved in their Paid Trend.. Chinese were involved in their trend.. Big LoL.... So Fakeness Dikhti hai tumhari Losers @sidharth_shukla Rocks ♡♡ #ChartbusterSid
The disease is caused by a virus now called the “Chinese CoronaVirus”. It is a virus never known of in human history but quite related to the same virus that caused the 2002/2003 SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) which infected 8,000 people killing 700 in 26countries.
ok fr who lied to her and told her she looks malay, chinese or indian HAHAHAHAHAHA  …
I’m speaking at this. With @benedictrogers @SimonCh15198572 @PeterTatchell If you’re in London this Sunday, please  to the Chinese Embassy at 1pm and #StandwithHK #StandwithUyghurs  …
In Chinese legend, the Kitchen God, who's in charge of the family’s diet and wellbeing, records and reports the behavior of family members to the Jade Emperor. So let’s feed him some sugar melon and he'll throw in good words when doing his annual report! 
Photo of a girl of mixed Chinese and Indigenous/Indio. See more images here:  
#NSTworld: Chinese officials are cracking down on those who spread news about the disease online, some people said.  …
"The Chinese state-owned firm that will handle development of Sangley airport in Cavite is the  that helped build Beijing's artificial islands in the South China Sea." OH, DI BAH!  …
It's great that MDZS audio drama is going to be available in Japanese dub. But really hope that fans should still listen to the original Chinese version. The voice actors did so amazingly well! Especially for Lu-laoshi(WWX's CV) and Wei-laoshi (LWJ's CV)! Pls support and buy!
UK: Lady Xuelin Bates (aka Li Xuelin 李雪琳) wife of UK Lord Michael Bates, participates in Zhejiang CPPCC, stresses role of Overseas Chinese for PRC-CCP and says UK greatly  BRI  … &  
Eastern Chinese city Nanjing held a lantern festival to celebrate the  Chinese Lunar New Year which will fall on Jan. 25 
Shocked by this tweet! Germany, as a democractic country, giving  on China's brutal suppression on Hong Kong pro-democracy protesters? Obviously, earning Chinese money means giving up universal values and moral principle! Shame on Germany!  …
The waiting room at Trumps first Chinese Rub and Tug.  …
Chinese authoritarianism: THESE ARE THE RULES, OBEY THEM OR WE MAKE YOU DISAPPEAR IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT. Western gay Freedom: Oh no we can't tell you what the rules are because then you'd just obey them. We want you to be afraid of what the rules MIGHT be.
Don’t miss the Chinese film ASSEMBLY..Marvellous in terms of direction and performances ..Set in the civil war the film will actually make u feel that u are in the middle of the battle 
New Chinese virus 'will have infected hundreds' based on some interesting and disquieting findings from colleagues at Imperial   …
The 2019 China-Africa numbers are in: - Total two-way trade increased by 2.2%: $208.7 billion - Chinese imports fell 3.8% to $95.5 billion - Chinese exports rose 7.9% to $113.2 billion Source: China’s General Administration of Customs  …
2020 is the Year of the Rat according to Chinese zodiac. Tom Zhu, president of Tesla Greater China, is sending you his best wish for a productive year of the rat from #GF3. @elonmusk 
Fuel went up last night, but the situation remains the same! This problem will not go away without Political Reforms, that is why the Chinese, Westerners & Zimbabweans are demanding Political Reforms. ED won’t bcoz his fronts like Tagwirei are benefiting from this economic chaos! 
Tell me and I may forget. Show me and I may remember. Involve me and I will understand. - Chinese proverb 
Remembering Velma Demerson — the woman jailed in Toronto for living with her Chinese fiancé  …
WORDS OF CAUTION: I have moots who rps & those who don't. I don't choose sides bc you're all valid & amazing to me. However, if you're a CP stan, pls be very discreet. Official Chinese accounts DO have a presence on Twitter & these spaces ARE monitored. Guidelines in thread
i somehow always end up playtesting oneshot late at night, which means I always get called out by clock girl (this time it's in chinese) 
Here's a link to the report by British scientists that estimates 1,723 people have been infected by the new Chinese virus, rather than the 41 claimed by Chinese authorities  …
You must pay the price of their happiness
#Dilireba for Anmuxi Yoghurt in an East meets West Chinese New Year advert #迪丽热巴 
Thank you Chinese Employees Association of Los Angeles County for inviting me to celebrate #LunarNewYear & speak at your event.  to tradition & the the residents @countyofla is truly inspiring. I look forward to working with all of you this year to make LA 
"New Chinese virus 'will have infected hundreds.' There have been 45 laboratory-confirmed cases of the new virus, but UK experts estimate the figure is closer to 1,700." - Is it really that difficult for the Chinese government to tell the truth?  …
A 10-minute eye surgery brings whole new world to Maldives' Hussein, who once thought of himself spending rest of his life listening to radio in darkness. Read how Chinese doctors light up his world  
We are happy to announce that BAZ will be listed on @QB_Exchange on 01/20/2020 with 1 pair in BAZ/USDT Get ready to enter Chinese Market. We will also announce 20,000 $BAZ Trading Airdrop to the first 1000 participants. RT + Likes + Tags #BazookaToTheMoon #Bazooka  …
I’m chinese my guy and this ain’t “east Asian culture” this is called being psychotic and overly possessive. Get help
谢谢你! Chinese Blinks,thx for ur warm  our baby. Now I understand all mom's feelin when sending their kids to school for the first time. #丽莎 #ラリサ #리사 #LISA #LALISA #LalisaManoban #BLACKPINK #블랙핑크 
#ChinesePneumonia — @BBCNews: UK Experts estimate 1,700 people are infected, far GREATER than official figures #China releases. At least 2 are known to have #died from the VIRUS, which appeared in #Wuhan city. #NewSARS #中国肺炎 #Chinese  …
200118 QQ Music Weibo update Kris Wu @KrisWu <Big Bowl Thick Noodle> has listed on: Top 10 Hit Songs of the Year Top 10 Chinese Style Songs of the Year Congratulations #KrisWu 
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: There are huge Muslim populations in Central & East Asia, but no Chinese populations in the Middle East. That’s because the fabled Silk Road trade was conducted largely by Muslims, who also built its infrastructure. Now, China is building Belt & Road, not M. E. 
A very happy new year! A very Happy Chinese Lunar New Year! to all friends and the great Chinese people. We share your happiness and cherish your heights even more. Long live @CathayPak @China_Amb_India @zlj517 @ForeignOfficePk
The countdown to Chinese New Year begins! With just 6 days to go, giant and vivid light installations adorn Xi'an City, NW China's Shaanxi Province, emitting strong Spring Festival vibes 
Its not about China or Chinese students it's about the Chinese Communist Party. I suspect you already know that.  …
The Vans & @zhaozhao305 Year of the Rat collection has arrived, Let's celebrate this Chinese New Year as an explorative and experimental street rat! 
“what is the thing that you would like to do the most during the spring festival holiday?” yibo: (i) still want to go home for chinese new year #WangYibo 
We Chinese-Canadians did not forget Marisa Shen, and the blood is on Trudeau's hand.  …
Indian Air Force Enhancing Strike Capabilities In Indian Ocean Region To Counter Growing Chinese Presence  …
Four more cases have been identified in a viral pneumonia outbreak in a central Chinese city that has killed two people and prompted the United States and others to take precautionary measures. 
The full extent of the Chinese POGO presence (as well as tourism of course) is demonstrated by the great number of shops with such signs. 
Chinese President Xi Jinping attends a grand  ceremony hosted by Myanmar President U Win Myint in Nay Pyi Taw, Myanmar 
The politicising of Lunar New Year is a recent phenomenon The Chinese name for this customary festival translates as "Spring Festival" 春节 That is what CCP govt used to call it in English, until they decided to use it in united front work. h/t  …
What i need in 2020 is Mark and Jackson on go fridge talking in Chinese and letting out secrets of each other and the members Make  true 2020 #GOT7 @GOT7Official
Russian envoy: “Those having doubts over India's approach on Kashmir can go there; we don't have any doubt.” This after announcing support for a seat for India at the UNSC and thwarting Chinese attempts to internationalise Kashmir. Russia NEEDS China, but it TRUSTS India.
this is very chinese Friends also look at me funny when they find out that my parents and siblings all know how much each other makes. I don’t know how to explain it... except to say we’re all okay with it. And it’s not weird.  …
is nice to everybody..bowing, nodding, smiling politely, letting them go first, always so considerate. , why can’t u be nicer to ? (Chinese #bjyx: “I don’t bow and smile to my husband before I sit down on the couch next to him, do u??) 
Very excited to shamelessly promote my recent publication w/ @colomct. We show that  can be as fierce as  among authoritarian elites. Evidence mainly drawn from Chinese local media. 1/n  …
Taking a page from the Chinese government's mass detention of Uighur and other Turkic Muslims in Xinjiang, India's top  talks of "deradicalization camps" for opponents of Delhi's harsh rule in Kashmir.  
So how should protests be dealt with ? As Chinese dealt with Tiannamen square or as British dealt with Jalianwala Baug. Both done to ensure security and stability !!! Hindutva is trapped between Chinese and colonial models. Hinduism rolls it’s eyes at this ‘defence’.
1/ 【Chinese Minister Demands Japan Control Public Opinion】 Japanese Defense Minister Taro Kono has revealed an important point. When Kono visited Beijing recently, the Chinese Minister of National Defense said that Japan should control public opinion upon........  …
Chinese New Year  up and millions will be travelling overseas. In 2003, when SARS hit, about 1.5m Chinese visited Thailand each year. Now it’s around 9m.  …
Just Imagine the audacity to threaten Washington Post (WaPo) Even the Chinese and the Russians have not done that. BJP leaders think they are powerful enough to control Global Media and leaders. But they are just frogs in a well.
. @coindesk is yet again trying to spread FUD on EOS with their latest article. This time they are stating Voice won’t launch on EOS. Find out why they are wrong in this news (Chinese version is available):  …
#US, #Japan may invest in #Indonesian Islands near the #SouthChinaSea - The Natuna Islands, where Indonesia is confronting #Chinese naval intrusions  …
EJK/tokhang/palit-ulo Riding in tandem Fake news & DDS trolls Polio/measles outbreak P12b shabu importation Heresy & sexism POGOs Illegal Chinese workers Surrender of WPS Devastation of Marawi Attack on press freedom Martial law P55m cauldron Hindi po ba ito ang #DuterteLegacy?
Someone drove their car into the Forbidden city and post photos on Chinese social media. Little did they know this was going to blow up and  #1 topic of discussion on Chinese social media. A raw nerve re elite privilege has been touched.  …
Dads love nothing more than saying they reckon everyone ordered just the right amount of food at a Chinese restaurant.
If not challenged, Beijing’s anti-rights assaults portend a dystopian future in which no one is beyond the reach of Chinese censors, and an international human rights system so weakened that it no longer serves as a check on government repression. 
They blurred out the word “Vagina” so students...STUDENTS!.... didn’t see it, which is very 1950s of them But they also censored the word “Trump” from photos they acknowledge are historically relevant merely to avoid “political controversy,” which is some real Chinese govt shit
Neither of these conditions are even close to being met by Chinese authorities in the region. Here is one cemetery which has been bulldozed and replaced with what looks like a chicken farm. The red outline shows the extent of the cemetery in 2017. 
Soul is actually one of my favorite Chinese apps. Great way to meet people—platonic and romantic. The premise is a 4 minute call with a stranger matched based on shared interests. Think Chat Roulette for Gen Z without video and the random NSWF encounters.  
 India’s GDP in 2019 is $2.9 trillion with per capita GDP at $2,172. This means China’s GDP is 5 times bigger than India & an average Chinese earns 5 times the wages of an average Indian. In 1980 both countries had similar GDP & India had higher per capita   …
PS. Maybe if you're trying to place NATO intelligence equipment on Chinese intelligence-controlled  maybe your Masters degree in Ag Science didn't give you the proper skills or cover. A thought.
Why didn't Nunes recuse himself from an investigation where he was a fact witness? Who would know better? Portuguese intel or Huawei executives/Chinese MSS?  …
Lisa has made her first post on her official Weibo, a Chinese social media platform, account I vote #KillThisLove by @ygofficialblink for #BestMusicVideo at the 
A Chinese dance and music show was held in Dhaka, Bangladesh with artists from China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region giving performance to celebrate  Chinese New Year  
Wow, Chinese state propganda is confirming that traditional cemeteries are being bulldozed, bodies are being exhumed (which is generally against Islamic law), and unceremoneously dumped (without plaques or names) in state-sanctioned cemeteries.  
Vinesh Phogat defeated two Chinese wrestlers on her way to bagging her first gold medal in 2020 at the Rome Ranking Series event.  …
In case you missed it: The Chinese state-owned firm that will handle the development of Sangley airport in Cavite is the  that helped build Beijing's artificial islands in the 
【200118 Video】 #portrait Xiao Zhan plays with snow and says Happy Chinese New Year! #XiaoZhan #肖战 #샤오잔 #เซียวจ้าน 
*picks up chinese food* Cashier: Looks like someone is having a party !! Me: Yes, a party of 1. Now give me my damn food.
Sophia Huang, an independent Chinese journalist is released on bail. Huang was held on public order charges in GuangZhou after she covered the #HongKong movement. She’s also a #MeToo activist who helped dozens of women report cases of sexual harassment.  
The Chinese name for Great Bustard is 大鸨, dà bǎo, "big bustard". In China, the bustard was traditionally regarded as a sexually promiscuous bird and the character 鸨, bǎo, is found in literature to describe whores or lustful old women. 
the 'xia' in xiaofeixia (xiaozhan's fans) has the same pronunciation as shrimp in chinese, xiaozhan once drew this and look at the badge hes wearing on his bag name a better relationship than xiaozhan & xfx 
For critics of Duterte, EJKS and the “Oplan Tokhang” or police-led drug operations were two of the most glaring legacies he has bestowed on the nation three years after assuming office. ...alarming encroachment of the Chinese on islands in the WPS...  …
Bro’s last words before getting defenestrated from the second floor window: what if numbers in Chinese were written like progress shots of the cool S everyone learned in elementary school 
which, shocker, perfectly coincides with massive multi-billion  desires to manufacture pop culture that lacks all particular context & exists in a borderless market (except for super racist chinese people).
Dan Andrews has cancelled Australia Day fireworks with an excuse that doesn’t make sense. CFR are fighting the fires, MFB will still be in Melbourne cbd. Chinese New Year is also celebrated the exact same weekend this year... and they’re having fireworks in the same city. 
The airing time is too late to Chinese audience, but I found 145k ppl watching the Chinese version on line with me I want to say we are waiting it with very high expectation. It worth waiting bcz Every one has paid a lot of effort 
CCP ban everyone that hurts its delicate heart, and threaten them with the Chinese market (not that valuable tough), and eventually everyone in the world will self-censor 
The Princelings(descendants of prominent and influential  officials in the People's Republic of China) drove into the palace museum. Some Chinese netizens left  foreign presidents who get off at the Meridian Gate properly, could be speechless". 
A reminder of Canada's long history of discrimination against Chinese people. In 1939, Velma Demerson was jailed in Toronto for living with her Chinese fiance. As a Chinese person with a white partner, this hits me hard.  …
The Chinese are everywhere. Even underwater.  …
Get Nunes off  immediately @SpeakerPelosi. Chinese walls around him for all MOC. Act now. It’s a matter of national security.  …
This Trudeau-appointed senator supports  Chinese government that has imprisoned two Canadians. Where is the CBC on this?  … #cdnpoli
NEW: US airports begin screening passengers for Chinese coronavirus  
Just went out for sushi. Could hear a couple at the bar asking the chefs "where are you from?" He went on saying, "I know how to say hello in Chinese, Korean, and Japanese :)", and then did so. He then ended it with a "watashi wa John-san." I WAS DYYYYING THE WHOLE TIME
A Chinese Mystery Virus has likely infected hundreds, causing concern. #WHO #coronavirus #China VankaPro BBC News - New Chinese virus 'will have infected hundreds'  …
Delighted to have my poem, "The Mermaid", be part of this inspirational piece by the amazingly talented  Hsiao-Chiao, Chen 陳筱喬. Chamber music for Chinese and Western 
This is superb news: people-to-people links should be exactly that without the PRC sitting atop those relations on US campuses. The US  Chinese students, but not its government...  …
Morrison is not worthy of the office, Never has been. He's only there because of the coordinated lies of the Murdoch press, Palmer's vote harvesting operation, dodgy Chinese signage, and now we learn, illegal pork barrelling on an industrial scale.  …
Happy Chinese New Year to everyone celebrating! At ASB Showgrounds this morning with my National Party colleagues to wish our  a happy new year!! 
The hardest part about being a Chinese immigrant is when your libertarian bf at the time makes you watch Grand Torino
Imagine being locked up in a Chinese prison for 404 days. You cannot see your family. No justifiable reason has been given. That is what our Canadian friend and colleague Michael Kovrig is facing. #FreeMichaelKovrig.  
Description of Chinese nuclear launch exercise sounds like it involved unit with silo-based liquid-fueled DF-5 ICBM.  … Assumption that crew would be able to repair fuel lines after hit by nuclear warhead, much less launch missile, sounds very optimistic.
These dorks didn't even get to eat their stale Chinese food. 
(妻 (qi) is the period-appropriate way of saying "wife". modern people say 老婆 (lao po) today. that aside, i still think there's a certain balance and parity in wangxian's relationship that is simply not present in other het chinese stories/shows.
Lame joke du jour: in early 1900s three Chinese gentlemen arrived at San Francisco with their immigration papers. The US Customs officer tells them they have to change their names to sound more American. Mr. Chu became Mr. Chuck. Mr. Lu became Mr. Luck. Mr. Fu returned to China.
I asked her: What if it were a Chinese flag? "That's  she said. What about an American flag?, I asked.  What about a French flag?, I asked. "That would be fine", she said.
Alum Brent Huffman's 'Finding Yingying,' about the 2017 disappearance of an aspiring young Chinese scientist at the University of IL & her family/friends' challenges as they search to find her/seek justice in a foreign land will premiere @sxsw:  . 
PREMIERE 6pm ET Sat:  “To see…free & fair…elections take place in #Taiwan in the face of that level of pressure & coercion…that is nothing short of a miracle.” @Project2049's @Ian_M_Easton discusses Chinese political warfare against Taiwan. ATL 
Facial data, names, location coordinates of thousands of Chinese students left exposed on the internet from a security leak found by @0xDUDE, raising questions over school surveillance and cyber  …
That the Chinese government would threaten to end a billion dollar television contract with the NBA because of a tweet of a guy in Houston in support of the Hong Kong protesters gives a sense of Beijing's determination to extend its censorship to everyone. 
A three engine drone develped by a  The propellers face to opposite directions. 
In today's Global Briefing: How "phase one" reveals China's power; is the Middle East no longer "worth it" to the US?; Taiwan as a test case for handling Chinese pressure; & the real significance of Iran's retaliation  … subscribe: 
To me, the top part of the 7 looks like an ocean wave When you connect the 2 dots on the cover it forms the Chinese character 又, which means again. 又在來一次 means  again Come Prima = like before  again like before” The butterfly flaps its wings and + 
Chinese mainland's population over 1.4 billion, birth rate to new low  …
"I call on the Chinese govt to release my father and all the other innocent people who have been wrongfully put in prisons, or camps, for simply practicing their faith or being who they are." @jewherilham, daughter of Uyghur scholar, Ilham 
This is from 网易云音乐 (NetEase Cloud Music), a Chinese music site/app where BTS/BigHit exclusively releases their music. I purchased the song on there as well and shared since I haven’t seen these credits on Melon or other Korean music sites.
When you connect the 2 dots on the “Black Swan” album cover, you get the Chinese character 又, which One ARMY @ohman pointed out. 又 means again, and 又在來一次 means to happen once again. This could be a reference to a person, as portrayed through the art film, losing their 
Chinese President Xi Jinping and Myanmar leaders attended a state event here Friday to launch celebrations for the 70th anniversary of bilateral diplomatic ties and for the China-Myanmar Year of Culture and Tourism #Xiplomacy  
Taleb Twitter for Beginners (and how non-Mandarin speakers can hang out with the Chinese) (writing this was definitely fun)  …
Chinese New Year 2020 is here the year of the rat. first sign of the Chinese zodiac, start of a new 12 year cycle & start of a new decade. Phone in you questions on @SaturdayKitchen 25 Jan. I’ll be there to cook recipes kfit for a Chinese banquet #chinesenewyear #yearoftherat
My apartment area looking cute af with Chinese New  up 
A Chinese-American creator doing an animated series about Keye Luke’s character meeting Gizmo in the ‘20s and encountering mythological creatures is not a Gremlins follow up I would have expected, but might be the ONLY Gremlins follow up I approve of  …
A Chinese court has sentenced He Jiankui, the biophysicist who created the world’s first gene-edited babies, to three years in prison. This is a strong signal to other researchers.
New Chinese virus 'will have infected hundreds' 
I have been labelled a #CIA Agent by #Turkey’s far-left simply for speaking out against the #Chinese Communist Party for their  against the #Uyghur and other Turkic #Muslims in East #Turkistan. 
We went from Arabella-antibiotic to Siannise - chinese, Shawn niece, Siamese whewwww 
#Marakkar BTS, with a finely costumed Viceroy @TSauerback ..hearing rumour that Chinese rights just been purchased for almost $20M for 10,000 screens across the region. With existing markets, will now be watchable on a cinema for 1/3 of the human population. Wow. 
Chinese scientists made a significant stride forward in the clinical application of  interface technology with a successful procedure on a 72-year-old male patient whose body was paralyzed from the neck down. #health
Dammit. How COME. Also while im on the subject  does my phone just  to chinese, I cant remember the last time I even wrote chinese before today ffs
In the last month @nytimes has published articles: •Citing a racist who says genetics determine IQ •Calling Chinese concentration camps for Uighur kids "boarding schools that wean them from Islam" •By a white supremacist on why immigration is bad "The paper of record" folks
How Chinese every time I go to look up a recipe for anything I have to read someone's entire life history before I get to the recipe part. Just tell me how many fkn eggs I need and what temp I need to set the oven to. Annoying. As. Fuck.
In #ToCatchaSpy, The Art of Counterintelligence, James Olson, says the US needs to do a better job at stopping threats from Chinese, Russian and Cuban spy services. Olson shared some of his own spy secrets with @fred_burton in this 
If I buy one of these $50 baby monitors on Amazon, how likely is it that the Chinese government will be monitoring my children
My friend @mrbenjaminlaw made this fascinating doc about the history of Chinese in Australia, but it's worth watching for Americans too--for the overlap in history, understanding China's influence today, and also for his mom's poop-jokes and fruit-stealing  …
This is a disgrace. Our local, popular Chinese restaurant, a family business established 32 years ago, faces possible closure due to  about the smell from a new resident. Please all #Cardiff peeps write in support of #SummerPalace...  …
A report on alleged Chinese #Corruption in the #Maldives will  by June, the Maldives’ Foreign Minister @Abdulla_Shahid said, as the current government investigates a surge of investments by #China in recent  …
They don't want Lay cause he's Chinese They don't want KaiBaek cause they're in SuperM They don't want Chen cause he's getting married They don't want Suho cause he's not a good leader And they still call themselves EXO-L. EXO-L to what EXO? :| #FAITHInCHEN 
Underground Chinese bishop Guo Xijin is left homeless, thanks to the government's "punishment" of him not joining the state-vetted Church. Read more: 
Ahead on #SundayMorning Dumplings can be found in almost every cuisine But Chinese dumplings originated in the year 200. And for Chinese families around the world, especially now as Chinese New Year celebrations begin, dumplings are an everyday staple  
Advanced Happy Chinese New Year  …
Collection of AKs (Chinese Type 56, Egyptian Misr, various AKM pattern) and Handguns from various countries handed over by TFSA fighters defecting to SDF. All quite standard, except the Air rifle(?) and WW2-era PPSh-41 SMG! 
“Agreeing to honor U.S. intellectual property in 2015 meant some real trade-offs for  in 2020 that’s like agreeing to stop manufacturing biplanes in a jet engine age.” #USChinaTradeDeal  …
SEC's CryptoMom Wants US to Learn From Chinese Digital Innovation #JTS China out performing and leading the way in #cryptocurrency  …
And while the country’s media  obsessed with talking about a clock none of them have asked us about the UK’s last session in the @EUParl_EN European Parliament. French, German, Chinese, Japanese media have all done interviews. Is it any wonder we are in this mess?!  …
It’s a real honour to join Consul General Madam Zhang and our friends in the  for the Chinese New Year celebrations. Shin Nian Kuai Le – Happy New Year - Bliain úr faoi mhaise 
#OtD 17 Jan 1922 two #Chinese #anarchist factory workers - Huang Ai & Pang Renquan were beheaded for their role in a mill workers strike  
In Wrestling, a dominant @Phogat_Vinesh downed two tough Chinese rivals on her way to the 53kg final of #Rome Ranking Series event after teen sensation Anshu Malik settled for a silver medal in  in Rome. (File 
Luxury yachts caught smuggling Chinese immigrants into Florida, federal investigators say Authorities seize hundreds of thousands of dollars in alleged scheme to bring people into US from Bahamas  
Today we take a look at a mess that is my fault, and thanks to Valve, has ended. After a tweet with the line "Left 4 Dead VR is Real" everyone reporting on it as confirmation, the Chinese President of HTC referenced this confirmation in a presentation.  …
Happy Chinese New Year! Here’s your chance to win the King Dragon Type 59! We are looking for players who can get the most damage dealt in a single multiplayer battle using one of the 5 Tier X Chinese Tanks from the Chinese Tech Tree! Register now!  
Germany should resist Chinese bullying and exclude #Huawei from its #5G bidding process. Huawei is a Trojan Horse for the Chinese Communist Party ( #CCP). Communism was not kind to Germany last century. Why would this be  …
When Chinese promoter Longjoy Sports recently defaulted on its $1.9 million purse bid that won promotional rights to the fight between light heavyweight champion Artur Beterbiev and Meng Fanlong, it put up a non-fundable $190,000, as required by the... 
rice noodles and memories inspired catanian for a dramatic sculpture in a chinese restaurant  
The CDC and Homeland Security begin screening for Chinese Coronavirus at three major US airports as outbreak spreads in Asia 
#NEWS | Foreign Minister Arreaza meets in Beijing with his Chinese counterpart Wang Yi 
LMAOOOOO the left is Mandarin Chinese, and the right side is Cantonese. It’s the greeting we use for the lunar new year that roughly translates to “Blessings in happiness and riches!” And those aren’t TAQUITOS SHANE LOL (they’re spring rolls)
 … Smugglers ferry Chinese migrants to Florida in yachts, feds say Coast Guard has interdicted two yachts
Smartphone market share: 1.Samsung: 21% 2.Huawei: 18% 3.Apple: 12% 4.Oppo: 9% 5.Xiaomi: 8% 6.Vivo: 8% 7. Realme: 3% The rise of Chinese brands. (CR) #china #android
The inimitable @meifongwriter on #China one child policy: “Women’s bodies were treated like engines, you set inputs and expect to get a certain output.” Propaganda and sexism prove powerful contraceptives for Chinese women  … @hrw_chinese @heatherbarr1
this also goes for east asians, they’re not all “chinese”. if you aren’t sure whether they’re chinese, japanese, taiwanese etc. just say east asian or asian. and please, please for the love of god, don’t ever say “oriental” wtf
The #Chinese substantial plans to change the demography of #Gwadar by settling 1000s of non-Baloch. The land from Koh-e-Batel to Koh-e-Mehdi will be established for Chinese whereas native people will be kept away from their sea.  must act before it gets too late. 
I’m having a sit down in the Chinese. I’ve just opened a fortune cookie and the note inside said ‘That wasn’t chicken you were eating’ It was right. I had the duck. They’re so accurate those things.
SEC's CryptoMom Wants US to Learn From Chinese Digital Innovation ⁦ @AssetsDaily⁩ ⁦  …
Visiting China may be hazardous to your health... => Three U.S. Airports to Screen Passengers for Chinese Coronavirus 
Breaking news [Scientists Fail To Find The Reason Behind Why Chinese Idol and Artist Xiao Zhan Is As Tiny As How His Fans Describe Him to be. Researches Are Still Being Done and Everyone is Working Tirelessly] {attaching below tinyxiaozhan for references} 
They don't want Lay cause he's Chinese They don't want KaiBaek cause they're in SuperM They don't want Chen cause he's getting married They don't want Suho cause he's not a good leader And they still call themselves EXO-L. EXO-L to what EXO? :| #FAITHInCHEN 
"For years, a core US objective was to get the Chinese to  more market-oriented and less centrally planned. Now, Trump has demanded  to huge new centrally planned purchases of soybeans, pork and other US goods, regardless market demand."  …
also, it isn't an anime but Yakuza 0 confronted Japanese racism against Chinese and Korean people in its face  …
Travelers at 3 U.S. airports to be screened for new, potentially deadly Chinese virus - LAX, SFO, JFK are all looking at travelers who may be carrying this new bug.  …
Chinese products last longer these days than most relationships/marriages and Vodafone data 
WSJ: Thousands of Chinese Students’ Data Exposed on Internet Information leak from facial-recognition database raises questions about school surveillance and cybersecurity in China  …?
Chinese Singer LU Han's New Single "Dream up" Released and the Third Concert Tour to Start in 2020 
A Chinese facial-recognition database with information on thousands of children was stored with no protection on the internet, a researcher discovered, raising questions about school surveillance and cybersecurity in China 
2 more suspected #WuhanPneumonia cases found in Singapore. The Ministry of Health reported 2 more suspect cases with #pneumonia in people who had travel history to the Chinese city of #Wuhan where the outbreak has afflicted dozens & left 2 people dead.  
. @Pontifex have you protested Bishop Guo and his priests being made homeless by the  Or is your care for the homeless only gesture politics? We all know that you don't care about Catholics  …
the chinese restaurant I go to sent me an email about how much they miss me......... it’s been 16 days since I ordered from them 
Literally the only good translation of the best version of 水滸傳! Somewhere out there I believe there’s a recording of Brian Holton reading part of it; his other Chinese-Scots translations are also great.   …
Smartphone market share: 1.Samsung: 21% 2.Huawei: 18% 3.Apple: 12% 4.Oppo: 9% 5.Xiaomi: 8% 6.Vivo: 8% 7. Realme: 3% The rise of Chinese brands. (CR) #china #android
Every time I see a tweet about Chinese New Year... 
Japan reported its first case of a new coronavirus, which has infected 41 people in China, sparking concern about the virus's potential to spread during Chinese New Year next week, when millions are expected to be traveling. 
"You my enemy, not no Chinese, no Vietcong, no Japanese. You my opposer when I want freedom. You my opposer when I want justice. Want me to go somewhere and fight for you? You won't even stand up for me right here in America." -Ali Still relevant.  …
This week’s Inside the Ring column: Huawei not part of partial trade deal despite Chinese efforts to include it; Russian spy ship again spotted near US sub base; White House seeks rules for AI development  …
BANNON: America’s ‘Managed Decline’ is Coming to an End Because Trump ‘Broke the Chinese Communist Party’ 
Dong quai has been used for more than 2,000 years in Traditional Chinese Medicine as a tonic for those with low vitality. 
I have terrible chopstick skills and a very large cleavage so by the time I take my bra off tonight I fully expect to find the equivalent of a three course Chinese banquet down there
Japanese game developer Koei Tecmo is suing Chinese game dev Jedi Games for IP/Copyright infringement. Koei Tecmo says that Jedi Games has used music and images from its IP such as Romance of the Three Kingdoms and Nobunaga's Ambition in its mobile games. 
Our country is being mass poisoned by the Chinese and Mexican drug cartels while we're squabbling about witnesses to a trial we already know the  of  …
A marker on China surveillance: For a long time I’ve sought concrete evidence on whether Chinese platforms like Wechat provide authorities with live mass surveillance or mostly provide them with information on targeted individuals. 1/
I understand the people saying "No, because it would lead to nuclear war". But the people saying "no because U.S. imperialism blah blah blah" are just gross, because really they're just shilling for Chinese imperialism.
#Panda time! Giant panda cubs  the  Chinese Lunar New Year at Shenshuping base of China Conservation and Research Center for Giant Pandas in Wolong National Nature Reserve, Southwest China's Sichuan province. 
At gun point mention one Chinese Rapper ! 
Emperor Pooh knows he can't kill Zhao Ziyang's China dream of giving Chinese people the consent of the governed principle, free speech rights, & democracy.  …
Always gotta get a new pair of shoes for the tournament. Chinese New Year Ultraboost 20s. If you step on these this weekend, automatic DQ lol. 
They told CY that fans sent emoji bcs of "I want you" word play in Chinese he was like "Ah so it's not bcs I talked about tennis? Such a deep meaning behind this?! Bcs of the new song(obsession) such a deep meaning.... ㅇㅍㅇ" 
Wow! Emperor Pooh now is afraid of a dead man so much so to ban pictures of the purged Chinese Communist reformer Zhao Ziyang grave, flowers, & salutes.  …
New Chinese Gospel Song "God Has Predestined the Paths Man Must Walk" Listen with your heart, sing along, and feel God’s love that is with you always. #Christian #gospel #PraiseGod #WorshipGod #Christ #blessed #faith #truth #GodsWord  …
We are not giving any money - the Chinese tells Mnangagwa. The Chinese only promise to help Zimbabwe with financing project. I thought the Chinese were our best friends. 
No Chinese court has ever ruled against the Chinese Communist Party. Are we really meant to believe that, if lent on by the might of the Chinese state, Huawei would stand firm and risk everything it had to challenge them?  …
for all the bad hotel journalism done by Westerners about China, nothing will ever beat the piece I edited by a Chinese opinion writer which based an entire 1000-word argument about Dubai on a six-hour stopover at the airport
Hong Kong protesters bring their voices to Brussels. HKers will not be ignored by EU. For ethical reasons. Democracy is too dear for the EU more than Chinese dirty/easy business.  …
I'm baaaack! Despite the Chinese Communist Party and Communists here in Canada colluding to try and lynch me, I've been un-suspended! Thanks 
CY: (the ID was in Chinese) why? Is it something weird?( The Translator teaching him and my heart is  ) Translator: it means Bucheon's flower bouquet! CY: huh? So it's Baekhyun~ ah Bucheon!!Gongxi~(congratulations) 
“As the repercussions of China’s high-handed counterterrorism policy play out, U.S. policymakers may find themselves wishing that they had made the security-focused humanitarian argument—and Chinese officials will wish that they had listened to it.” 
China's GDP grew 6.1% in 2019. Many people think the number is not good and it shows Chinese economy is sluggish. Perhaps it is because the number is not much higher than the estimated 0.6% of Germany, over 1% of Japan and 2.3% of the US.
$ETH in 2017 was the latest and greatest Then $NEO was the Chinese $ETH Then $ICX was the Korean $ETH Everyone was claiming to be the new $ETH 'Our smart contract platform is better than yours because of X' $LINK isn't claiming to be the new anything. $LINK is the STANDARD.
Uh huh. Defence HQ Canberra takes a dim view of Chinese spyware anywhere near its devices, as you do cc @thespybrief @LouiseMensch @ericgarland  …
“goodnight (in japanese, english and korean) goo.. (supposed to be chinese)... i don’t know chinese ㅋㅋ” ok ten since yuta is helping you with your japanese teach him chinese 
I have been going around HK writing auspicious calligraphies on red papers for Hongkongers on streets and in housing estates in anticipation of Chinese New Year of the Rat Caught in the video here was me writing the character 福, translated to mean good luck and good fortune 
//Lithuanians were recently shocked by video footage of a Chinese tourist throwing away a small pro-Hong Kong cross at the Hill of Crosses site with a triumphal exclamation// Thanks @Adomenas for an excellent piece on how a small act is tied with a country’s values &  …
Here is an official render from Fortnite china showing off the unreleased skin "Swift". This render from what I can tell was made to be art used on the webpage China has for the Chinese New Year. 
1-  to buying $200b in US products in the next 2 years 2- China has a short-term swine flu crisis 3- Largest pork producer in the US is Smithfield, owned by Chinese conglomerate WH Group 4- China will buy $200b in mostly pork 5-  to buying from China
Look, the Chinese Embassy now gives instructions what the Philippine media may report. Fuck them!  …
WHO says new mysterious China #Coronavirus / Wuhan Pneumonia could spread. WHO informed the Health Ministry #SriLanka and other countries which are frequently visited by Chinese tourists and nationals to be cautious of the virus. #HealthSL #LKA  
As #Indonesia stands up to #China in the Natuna islands, can  to the rescue? Indonesia recently forced #Chinese fishing vessels from its waters as it held meetings with Japan’s foreign minister to strengthen ties  …
chinese fans are doing kyu birthday support projects and they named their team “GYU’S CHINESE WALLET” HAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
The first ever #RoyalOak Perpetual Calendar in full titanium.  of sporty and refined aesthetics with a delicate touch of red in a nod to Chinese cultural tradition. #PowerOfRed  
we have 3 sets of Chinese fits now? Woah. 
Beijing has resorted to “covert, corrupt, and coercive” tactics in pushing its narrative abroad. - says @Sarah_G_Cook, author of @freedomhouse report on Chinese regime's influence on media worldwide  …
Remember, 80k green cards a year, 360k foreign students. How the heck to you vet for Chinese intel officers?  …
Chinese born U.S. citizen steals $100 million in trade secrets from Coca Cola. This info helped her win Chinese government funding worth $3 billion per year.  …
apparently my Chinese nickname is 麦姐 (sister mai)
Japan is also exposed to the Chinese market. Japan banned #Huawei with no pushback from China. Reason: they made up their mind quickly and held firm. Germany's indecisiveness and internal divisions invite Chinese pushback. And if China sees it's working, it will only get worse.  …
[T] 200117 Ju Zi Yu Le update JUZ! Energy Up! Up! Unlocked [7days fan event at coffee shop downtown]! It will be ready after Chinese New Year!  … #MarkTuan #마크 #段宜恩 @mtuan93 #GOT7 @GOT7Official 
yuta: *said goodbye in eng, kr and jp* yuta: wangan~ (supposed to be wǎnān) I don't know chinese ehe 
Happy New Year Tomorrow is Chinese New Year the Year of the Rat. Wgo will be the biggest rat of 2020? 
Chinese tourists found dead at site of 1973 plane crash in Iceland 
In other news, I passed my end of semester Chinese exams. Yemusic iyo hameno ikoko
An Important finding: U.S. tariffs lead to a depreciation of the Chinese Yuan relative to the Dollar. Why does this finding matter? because it suggests that after we account for general eq. effects, the tariffs may "not" be 100% passed onto U.S. consumers. [1/2]  …
 heavily subsidized by the Chinese government pose a threat to our jobs and national security in the race for fast, reliable 5G. That's why Sen. Warner is supporting American innovation in the Senate.  …
Volkswagen is set to take a 20% stake in Chinese electric vehicle battery maker Guoxuan as the German firm accelerates its electric push into the world’s largest auto market  
Unleash Jaja, unleash! @alyjasantiago03 Were very excited for you  back and play for the country. We also pray for more blessings in your career, Chinese League or European. Time  
Keep a green tree in your heart And perhaps a singing bird  - Chinese proverb 
Serbia has indeed integrated into global labour market. Indian workers on Russian and Chinese funded infrastructure projects are now exploited by US   …
Remember how in YOI, a skater has to skate to a song from a Chinese crime thriller that he doesn't particularly care for, so to get inspired, he imagines his own self-insert fic version starring himself and his crush? YOI is good.
Today is the Little New Year 小年 in the lunar calendar. We need to clean the room and offer sacrifices to the God of Kitchen for a good omen. And from now, only 7days to the Chinese New Year. Really excited! #VisitWuhan 
A second person has died in China from a new virus that has infected dozens of people. Chinese scientists identified the illness as a new strain of coronavirus, which is in the same family as the deadly severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). 
It's been fun writing hypothetical draft questions for Hunter Biden's appearance in the Senate trial. So...why did you take an $80,000 diamond from a Chinese energy businessman. Why did you blame your Ashley Madison account on the Russians? This...  …
My birthday weekend is going to consist of order out Chinese and Breath of the Wild. Um hey 31.
Chinese lunar day event concept design #fifamobile 
Germany Investigates 3 Suspected of Spying for China Raids were carried out on the homes and offices of the three people, at a time when Berlin faces pressure over Huawei, the  that the U.S. has labeled a national security risk.  …
China's totalitarianism is spreading globally; the Chinese have been brainwashed by the Communist Party for a long time and have lost their humanity #China 
We've partnered with NetEase to launch Marvel Unlimited China! This version of our #MarvelUnlimited App features your favorite stories in simplified Chinese. To celebrate the launch,  in the app are free for a limited time:  
How is #China going to afford all its grand projects with a shrinking population and a declining economy? This will not be the "Chinese century."  …
Babu owino remind me of Narcos is an American crime drama television series.
TERMINAL 21 in the mall LED 50 UNITS！ Chinese Mama Always Love U！ @PS_OfficialTH BRAVO！！ 
Bloomberg wants to destroy Trumps presidency and get him out of office for his own personal and financial reasons. Bloomberg would make a horrible president, and sell out America to the Chinese.
Islamabad gets festive for Chinese New Year Chinese musicians and dancers from Hebei performed folk dances, instrumentals, acrobatics and traditional Chinese songs at the @PNCAOfficial to celebrate the Spring Festival 
Chinese President #XiJinping and Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi had a cordial and friendly talk at Myanmar's presidential palace on 
200117 QQ Music [2019 TOP Charts] Top 10 China Mainland Singer 16 songs on the Chart*371 times Top 10 Chinese Album 4 songs on the Chart*155 times, <HONEY> 4.4758 mil copies sold, Epic Record Certification Top 10 Bestseller: <HONEY> @layzhang 2019 MV of the Year: 
A young Chinese man boarding the flight ahead of me from Delhi has a little China flag on his rucksack. Fondly and proudly carrying his nation wherever he goes. Toxic nationalism, I tell you :-)
Chanyeol was reading the winner’s username in Chinese & following the translator on how to pronounce it (username: bucheon's bunch of ) and chanyeol was like “Oh it's baekhyun" (b’s hometown is in bucheon) then he LOL #LOEYPlaysKWG 
“President Trump brought the Chinese to the bargaining table and delivered achievements few ever thought were possible.” Uh, the "deal" is less than what it cost us in terms of tariffs, bailouts, and 
Weirdness: It's Confirmed, Chinese Switch Cartridges Taste Just As Bad As Ours  … #Weirdness #NintendoSwitch 
Hello! Is anyone here good in Japanese? We are urgently looking for a kor-jpn translator. Please help us out, this is for 9 members of EXO! And if anyone is good at Chinese/simple mandarin too, please help us! We’re looking for a proofreader. Please dm me!!! THANK YOU
“The New York Times reports that  signed $128 billion of contracts related to the One Belt One Road initiative in the first 11 months of last year, up 41% y/y.” Important on many fronts. Via DC
Chinese woman tries to sneak two live giant salamanders through railway security checks as she prepared to cook the rare species 
This is hilariously false. Opinion makers shrieked about Trump putting reasonable tariffs on Chinese products. They’re not gonna die for Taiwan. In fact, they would take Chinese money to shill for the Taiwanese invasion 
“Years from now, when we look back at this day, nobody’s going to remember Nancy’s cheap theatrics, they will remember though how President Trump brought the Chinese to the bargaining table and delivered achievements few ever thought were possible.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
DH: what did we eat? HJ: actually I wanted to eat dimsum so I searched for good restaurants and went there but they said dimsum is only a lunch menu DH: ah so we didnt manage to eat dimsum HJ: we didnt manage to eat dimsum so we ate some chinese food and some others instead 
 Autopilot. Then the European & Chinese regulators. Then billions in civil lawsuits & possible criminal charges for Musk's cover-ups. Then $TSLAQ.
What blew my mind in Jamaica was hearing Chinese people speak Patois.
awwwwww they got Chanyeol a lego!!! the theme is Chinese New Year (right?) uwaaaaa congratulations~ hehehe pretty sure he will try to build it #8시_찬열이와_게임방송 #LOEYPlaysKWG #CHANYEOL #찬열 
Whatever happened to RCMP top Intel officer Cameron Ortis who was caught spying for the Chinese??
小年快乐to all my peeps of Chinese descent around the world!! May you enjoy WHOLEHEARTEDLY!!! #ladybeard 
The volume of Chinese trade with African countries exceeded $200bn last year 
Just now Chanyeol said the sport that he’s interested in is tennis and the Chinese name for it is 网球 (wang-qiu) & the Chinese fans said 爱网球(ai wang-qiu) which sounds like “I want chu” from obsession so the Chinese fans spammed a lot of tennis
The Chinese authorities have released Huang Xueqin, a prominent #MeToo activist and journalist whose detention nearly 3 months ago prompted an outcry from human rights groups, her friends 
"One second of darkness doesn’t make people blind," a Chinese #MeToo activist wrote after spending nearly three months in detention 
I was able to crack open the private inventory of the Chinese Collector 'KKKK' (thank god there's 4 of them) after getting a tip from Ohnepixel. This guy got himself VAC Banned late 2018. Suffice to say, this shit be tripping. 
UPDATE: sorry guys but I think Bernadetta might be delayed they couldn't get her eyes right and they're going on a long break for chinese new year, and it takes about a month  the bulk orders so she would probably be shipped in March. Here's an updated photo: 
CISF personnel at Delhi's IGI airport today recovered 80 mobile phones from two Chinese nationals. On enquiry, they could not produce any valid document for the mobile phones; further investigation underway. 
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Nay Pyi Taw for a state visit to Myanmar. 
"I Haven't Seen My Brother In Three Years" Testimony: #Uyghur Muslim woman hasn't seen her brother in three years! He's been sent to a Chinese concentration camp. #China #Uyghurs #Chinazi 
Delighted to visit Gautam Buddha International Airport Upgrading Components Project in Bhairahawa and Chinese Temple in Lumbini. 
 in #CatholicHerald on the incident of pro-Hong Kong crosses vandalized by Chinese tourists at the Lithuanian #HillofCrosses pilgrimage site & why we need to stand up to China for religious freedom. #StandWithHongKong 
200117 #Youngjae [instalive trans] Youngjae is on his way for shooting, he said he has a shooting tomorrow too. He just had his dinner(he ate Chinese food) (vid)Someone asked if Seokie is going to wear a suit next week too and Youngjae said it's a secret and if you want to know 
she also lied that she spoke 7 languages to both oomfs. there is yet another thing she lied abt but i have no proof abt it. shes white (i seen her many times) but she said she has multiple ethnicities .portugal turkish(sena im so sorry) chinese I FORGOT THE REST BYE 
This Chinese artist realistically renders and draws portrait using colored pencils! 
Chinese GDP grew at almost 10% annually for 30 years from 1980-2010. This has helped them cross $10000 per capita  as per latest GDP figures. This makes it a hue consumption market. @PMOIndia a drastic change in Economic thinking is required for us to reach anywhere near
the way he said ‘er’. chinese legend. never been done before. revolutionary. h word causing. 
The Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi came to Zimbabwe. The Mnangagwa regime asked for a financial and economic bailout, the response was an emphatic NO! Because the Chinese are also demanding Political Reforms like all of us in Zimbabwe! NO Political Reforms, NO Bailouts! Simple 
Excellent radio program: Highly  in-depth. Forced to teach in a ‘re-education’ camp: Sayragul Sauytbay says that she was made to work as a teacher in a detention camp holding Chinese Muslims. BBC Outlook. 52:59 min. Released 14 Jan 2020.  …
Even if you are an angel, there will always be someone who does not like the rustle of your wings .. ~ Chinese proverb Peter Lindberg 
Chinese human rights lawyer Lin Qilei has appealed for his Tibetan client, A-Nya Sengdra, to get a second court trial. The appeal follows A-Nya Sengdra’s trial on 6 December last year, in which he was handed a seven-year prison sentence. More details:  …
Hey, @dianxialovesyou I-I don't have any mantous in my house right now but since Chinese New Year is close would you like some mandarins? (I'll peel them for you TT) 
(करुणा) karuna is actually a hindi word that  though i have no idea how that Spanish account related it to Japan over a Chinese video
[ Info ] #Taehyung's Chinese fanbase Vbar is currently ranking at #1 in the Song sales chart of #BlackSwan (First BTS single from MOTS:7) on China's largest Music site Netease Cloud Music (网易云音乐). Congratulations!!! #BlackSwanOutNow #BTSV #Taehyung 
The game app is all Chinese so he can’t understand but he’s going to try playing it #8시_찬열이와_게임방송 #LOEYPlaysKWG
'Vegetables', a 1958 painting by Chinese artist Fang Zhaoling (1914–2006) who often featured seasonal food in her paintings 
Gotta prepare for Chinese Luna New Year #meowed #meowedofficial 
Check out paper cutting, a traditional part of Chinese culture! In China, people will make paper cuts and paste them on windows and walls to  the Spring Festival. Have a try! #OfficeChallenge 
First of all... The telops are in Chinese. These people speak Chinese. That’s a song in Chinese. Karuna is not a word.
Indian Govt is following the Chinese template when  to economics. The way Modi Govt has dealt with Malaysia, Jeff Bezos and Pramila Jayapal....seems to be the new normal now. What's amazing - Liberals are fine when China does it but India should not follow that example
"Don't be so CNN" has  a phrase in Chinese social media to mean "do not turn white into black."  …
As a UK exporter of UK products to South Africa to protect mines and miners from fire our engineered products fall within the EU FTA with South Africa meaning no import taxes are applied to our goods making  against Chinese &  Brexit kills that.
Worlds oldest  one time centre of the maritime Universe, population tripled following the Irish potato famine, every ethnicity you can think of, and you get an audience like that?  …
Going out clubbing with your friends -overpriced drinks -sweaty people -might kena raid -tiring to dance the whole night -Amma might call u Going for Chinese food with your friends -good food -very chill -beer opened at the table by pretty lady -much nicer imo
As long as our rules allow selling off contacts and sensitive information to the Chinese, we really have an issue. This severely puts into question European foreign policy and industrial policy. Spoke to @HankeVela of @POLITICOEurope About  …
Food distribution is partisan. The Dep Information Minister, @energymutodi has just boasted that food aid is controlled by Zanu. He says that's how you'll win the 2023 election. He shared a video of a Zanu PF rally where rice donated by the Chinese is given to Zanu supporters.  
Two day until our annual Chinese New Years event! This year our club has prepared a CNY gift set for our members. Wishing everyone a happy and prosperous 2020! Even added a last minute Cybertruck Happy New Years card! @tesla 
It's the first step of saying Victoria is no longer going to celebrate Australia Day Because my Chinese financial backers don't support it When decisions are changed you can guarantee there is more to it than what your told
#China Alleged promotional video produced by Anhui CCP Provincial Committee for the 2020 Chinese New Year. It's copycat, poorly made and bad taste. 100% cringeworthy and takes a lot of courage to watch the whole clip. 
China’s factories are beginning to hum again. Its consumers are opening their wallets. Its trade tensions with the United States are easing. But the Chinese economy still faces a difficult addiction to borrowing. 
Thank you @misteneinfo for your cooperation with offgun, our spokesperson is the best! Chinese fans @GunAtp_CNFamily @OffHuGun_CNFC @OffGun_Sweet will always support offgun！hope there are more opportunities for cooperation! #IdoloMistOff #IdoloMaaskOn #idolothailand 
I"m happy to report that the Chinese government's effort to block my press conference releasing @HRW's annual World Report utterly backfired, shining an extremely intense spotlight on Beijing's efforts to extend its censorship 
[Holiday Notice]Please be notified that the Consular Section of the Chinese Embassy in Pakistan will be closed from Jan. 24 (Friday) to 30 (Thursday), 2020 due to Spring Festival Holiday. The Consular Section will be open normally on Jan. 19 (Sunday) and Feb. 1 (Saturday), 2020.
Chinese travelers preparing to fly all over the world for lunar new year was not as much of a thing 17 years ago when SARS appeared in Guangdong in late 2002  …
A new figure in the Ukraine scandal worked for a mysterious Chinese Trump donor. | via: MotherJones  …
[YANAN Situation Update] - Here is the first part of our plan that we discussed with K-Universe, Chinese Universe and a Yanan fansite, as well. Make sure to stay up to date because we'll be posting the email templates you can send later on. Thank you for your patience! 
Government schools in Queensland will be supplied Milk from a   tendered but China won tender. Don't mention Aldi bags ...ok
“The [Wuhan] hospital is filled with patients with fever, too many that they have to lie on the corridor,” a Chinese netizen said of situation in Wuhan Tongji Hospital. “Doctors..said there’s no way to take more patients in as there’s not enough beds.”  …
Busy Mid Ulster day ahead, Cookstown Bypass, local economic development development and a visit to a school before celebrating the Chinese New Year this evening @LindaDillon81 @FrancieMolloy 
This is what happens when the country is on auto-pilot. The ANC has dismally failed us as a country. Its s so sad. Chinese factory busted for human trafficking in Gauteng  …
EXCLUSIVE: Volkswagen to buy 20% of Chinese electric vehicle battery maker Guoxuan High-tech amid electric push - sources  via @julie_zhuli Yilei 
Automatic recognition and monitoring of attendance in Chinese school 
Chinese painter and calligrapher Fang Zhaoling (方召麐) was born #onthisday in 1914. This ink and colour on paper painting, Watching the Pines at Nightfall, was made by her in 
#ARS Indonesia’s new capital will be built in Kalimantan very close to Asiamet’s KSK district. I will be amazed if an Indonesian or Chinese partner does not take a stake in the  hold 5.1m shares ave price 2.6p  
EXCLUSIVE: Myanmar dispatched two fighter jets to escort Chinese President Xi Jinping's plane as it entered the country's air space. Xi arrived in Nay Pyi Taw on Friday for a state visit to Myanmar 
Chinese health authorities say a second person has died from a new coronavirus that has caused an outbreak of pneumonia in central China, @yananw 
Pre wedd with chinese new year theme . . shoot for thewhitewall 
20 baby pandas born in 2019 made group debut in Wolong, Sichuan province on January 17. They were taken family photos in the arms of the panda breeders, who extended their best Chinese New Year wishes. #PandaNews #HappyChineseNewYear 
Thread: #Chinese Navy in #IndianOcean: There was instances when we had to tell them to go back, says #Indian Navy Chief "Now you find at any given time, 7 to 8 PLA warships in that area" #Djibouti is a reality, Gwadar is on and more places are  …
Today’s “lunch with you”flash mob protest, when contingents of demonstrators passed Lai Chi Kok Reception Centre, a Chinese student spoke in excitement that history won’t forget any #HongKong protesters, in order to support the detainees Video 
If the Chinese ever find out what we've done with their food, they will cancel CPEC @HarounRashid2 @fsherjan @AnsarMahnam
It will not be safe for them to walk down the street. That time is now. Democrats - Clinton's have been selling out America for profit. They are sickening! Wait til you hear this about them & the Chinese military in the WH and hundreds of millions of dollars donated.  …
As the Lunar New Year approaches, Chinese travelers flock to train stations and airports to take part in a nationwide ritual: the world's biggest annual human migration. 
Well.. it  His 'kaagaz nahi dikhayenge' bullshit would be now a lifetime ridicule and embarrassment, not only for him but all such Chinese Krantikaris..  …
I feel like God took His time to create each person differently, Then He got bored when he got to China. Photocopy ni gbo gbo won if a Chinese man picks your wallet and runs into the crowd it's over just go home .
Been making a lot of chinese food lately!! This time it’s some HUBEI STICKY RICE PEARL MEATBALLS!! As always, thanks Chinese Cooking Demystified for being such a solid resource for authentic chinese recipes!! 
Yes, but not nearly as bad as Australia. @realDonaldTrump has actually acted to restrict Chinese ownership of US ports and strategic ports as well. Hurricane Dorian decimated the Chinese-owned port in Bahamas. COINCIDENCE?  …
rice noodles and memories inspired catanian for a dramatic sculpture in a chinese restaurant  
All these rich Arabs, Nigerians, Chinese, Russians surely have empty homes in London that I can house sit ( move in rent free in their absence) while they are away. I will make myself scarce the 10 days of the year they are here. RT to save my life.
which blind mfs told you that you look like malay or chinese  …
Luxury yachts caught smuggling Chinese immigrants into Florida, federal investigators say  …
The total population on the Chinese mainland reaches 1.40005 bln at the end of 2019, increasing 4.67 mln from one year earlier  
Our new survey: How do #EU citizens view #China and #US-China conflict? Europeans - worry more about China than US. - support a stronger, more resolute EU. - are concernced about Chinese data protection. Data for #EU28 , country data for  …
Democrats were bought by #China during the #Clinton administration! #Chinese military contributed millions to fund #BillClintpn’s defense team! @marklevinshow @seanhannity & now they bought @JoeBiden! 
I'm glad to be an ambassador of chinese new year tradition that is worth to keep it on. I hope all of you won't forget the key of this tradition. It's grateful time to your family.Don't forget to abstain from alcoholic drinking too. #EventFashionIsland2020  …
A tale of five Chinese hoaxes... #climatechange #science #climateemergency MT 
A little Chinese New Years humor for my WeChat peeps: My parents accusing me of not carrying on the family line. Me waiting  cloning. (Meme by me, artwork by IG:tikkafromeast via @find_evil) 
Hundreds of schoolchildren are lined up on the road from the airport in #Myanmar’s capital, Naypyitaw, to greet Chinese leader Xi Jinping - his first visit as president and the first of any Chinese leader in 19 years. 
#BREAKING: President Xi Jinping arrived in Nay Pyi Taw on Friday for a state visit to Myanmar. It is Xi's first overseas trip this year, and the first visit to the Asian neighbor by a Chinese president after an interval of 19 years. (file pic) 
Websites currently banned in China. - Google Search - Yahoo - Facebook - YouTube - Wikipedia (Chinese) - Twitter - Netflix - Reddit - Instagram - Tumblr - WhatsApp - BBC - New York Times - The Independent - Amnesty International Longer list: 
Chinese are smiling. Their patient chess game with Zim(Chin)Babwe is paying off handsomely. - Zimbabwe indebted financially to China - Infrastructure built by China - Mineral resources belongs to China - New currency will be the Yuan And the Zimbabweans are thankful to China.
Before you delusional fuckwits fantasize about invading and annexing Chinese territory, keep in mind that China doesn’t serve tea to its invaders.   …
US #cruiser #SHILOH CG67 made a northbound #Taiwan Strait transit Thurs 16 Jan, 1st US #Navy or allied transit of 2020. A US or allied warship makes the passage roughly once a month. Photo shows SHI in E #China Sea in Nov 19 w/ Chinese destroyer shadow  
The Chinese diplomat who attended the @HRW press conference at the United Nations in New York was clear that censorship was behind my being barred from Hong Kong: "Given what you said here, I think it's clear to all why you have been barred such entry."  
Yes, Chinese Switch game cards taste the same as all the others  
The Chinese Foreign Affairs’s Minister told @edmnangagwa Administration to Fix Zimbabwe’s hostile investment climate and emphasised the need to roll out  economic reform agenda, and tackle rampant 
17-1-2020 14:09 #Thailand has the 2nd case of the latest coronavirus, aka #Wuhan pneumonia. The patient is a 74yo Chinese lady and has not been to the Wuhan wet market. 
Almost all other Chinese concessions outlined in this week’s agreement were either already in train or viewed by President Xi Jinping’s administration as beneficial to China’s own economic development. 
IF YOU KNOW KPOP STANDS FOR KOREAN POP AND YOU KEEP ON CALLING THEM "CHINESE OR JAPANESE OR WHATEVER" YOU'RE RACIST.
Me : My name is Chao. Them : Chao as in theirs? So can I call you "Changu". This is even worse than someone assuming my name is Chinese when I am (clearly) very Kenyan.
Apart from evoking Chinese model used in #Xinjiang Gen Rawat’s talk of identifying, segregating, sending those being radicalized to camps is chilling & raises many qns.What is yardstick for identification?Where are these camps? #deradicalization  …
Yang Yang is featured in Mercedes Benz’ promotional micro film for Chinese New Year. The micro film - I’m Home is about a father and his children and it will be releasing on 21st Jan! Stay tuned! . . #YangYang #杨洋 
A second person has died in China from a new virus that has infected dozens of people. Chinese scientists identified the illness as a new strain of coronavirus, which is in the same family as the deadly severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). 
CHINESE NEW YEARS NEXT WEEK YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS =
A Chinese man is under observation in a Kathmandu hospital after he was quarantined with a mystery strain of coronavirus, officials confirmed to the Post's @arjunpoudeltkp.  soon.
2nd case #WuhanPneumonia nCoV reported in Chinese traveler in Thailand h/t Dan Schar report to @ProMED_mail full report to follow  …
"A family-run dairy business has missed out on supplying products to some of Qlds largest public hospitals in favour of Chinese and  I hope Queenslanders vote this ⁦ @AnnastaciaMP⁩ and her henchmen OUT. What a rotter!  …
So.... you’ve heard of gay Romeo and Julian... but have you heard of... my ancient Chinese lesbian OCs? 
Chinese economic growth may slow further this year and could fall below 6%, according to some private sector economists 
she dont even look like chinese or malay??????? tf.........????????  …
FILM COMPOSER: Now for this part, where you show China, I used some Chinese instruments. DIRECTOR: I like that.... it makes the music sound more Chinese
sonic movie display bord in the Chinese movie theater. (sorry for bad English) #SonicTheHedgehog #sonicmovie 
200117 Sohu Korea Jung Yonghwa trying out Chinese snacks Full here:  … #정용화 #JUNGYONGWA 
I love you, @FT but do your headline editors really not know how Chinese last names are rendered? On the front page? 
Lorenzana also found nothing irregular in reports that another China Coast Guard vessel was spotted making back and forth movements along Ayungin Shoal... Contrast that with how Indonesia is handling the Chinese intrusion into Indonesia's North Natuna Sea. Nothing irregular?  …
Wonder if it's the Chinese lady that scheduled rub & tugs for everyone  …
Is Maldives part of China? 【馬爾地夫將公佈中國腐敗報告】 The foreign affairs minister of Maldives Abdulla Shahid says to the press media that an investigation report will be released soon in June this year regarding the bribery of the former PM office with the Chinese gov.
金熊迎春！ To celebrate Chinese new year, Mouffy  a golden bear!! 
The Kitchen God's Festival, now  known as the "Little" or Pre-New Year, is an important Chinese holiday. It captures the wonderful sentiments of “Sending away the old and  the new” and "Drawing in auspiciousness and good Luck".
Some Japanese supremacists have argued that Okinawa's Shuri Castle should not be rebuilt because it heavily resembles Chinese architecture. Japan's sinophobia, xenophobia & prejudice is harmful for #Ryukyu / #Okinawa. #RyukyuRenaissance #Uchinanchu 
Chinese birth rate falls to lowest since PRC was formed 
I watch Buffy when I'm sick.  me more than watching Buffy when I'm sick. Except maybe hot tea and cinnamon toast. And spicy Chinese food.
You can’t get much farther away from sunny beaches of Brazil than Antarctica, but Brazil inaugurates new Antarctic station built by  for scientific research 
According to Chinese Sina website: With Qatar's financial assistance [$3B], Iran wants to buy Chengdu J-10 !  …
Chinese Proverb: "The tallest tree always experiences the strongest winds. That does not mean you should not grow to  a tall tree. Instead, seek to have close to you other tall trees - that way, you wont feel the strong winds."
i’ll do it for this months rent, my light bill and some chinese food
Steve Bannon: Trump’s trade war ‘broke the  party’  via @Gnews202064
Chinese Coronavirus Cases Discovered In Japan And Thailand  … 
These Chinese men risk their lives in telling the truth about the REAL situation of #WuhanPneumonia: Serious Patients are full of #Wuhan Hospitals, beds are far inadequate for patients. Situation of severe patients deteriorating rapidly... @WHO, YOU MUST STOP  …
nizi rumors! 1. there’s supposedly 15 contestants for nizi project. 2. the group is multinational (koreans, chinese, + more have possibly auditioned) 3. a rumored contestant (unknown name and age, but it’s rumored she is chinese) is pictured down below 
200117 @layzhang Update : Chinese new year greeting for Wong Lo Kat #producerLayZhang #LayZhang #อี้ชิง #张艺兴 #Lay #Yixing #ZhangYixing #레이 #レイ #장이씽 
//The reason is that Huawei, according to Dearlove, is “a state-managed, quasi-military enterprise.” The Chinese “will use all the cards they’ve got,” he said, “and they will play them with patience.”// Huawei is more than a threat to UK,  …
Only 5,000 pairs of the Air Jordan 1 Low "Chinese New Year" will be available  
[OFFICIAL] 200117 Happy Little Chinese New Year to everyone from #ZTAO. #黄子韬 #타오 #タオ 
Levin tonight is He’s dragging out all the Democrats’ skeletons!!! Chinese military money the Clintons took...crooked ppl who have been indicted or are in prison already... ...oh and the Rhinos...Romney & Co... He had something for everyone! Here’s a fragment 
Myanmar's ready for  Chinese Lunar New Year and Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit 
Biden Ukraine Corruption, Biden China Corruption. Iran kickbacks to Kerry & Jarrett, what did Hillary & Bill get out of Russia & Haiti. Lets not forget Obama's $USAID to Africa & Indonesia. A Chinese Tycoon Sought Power & Influence. 
Chinese billionaire who gave Hunter Biden a $80M diamond & masterminded the largest UN bribery scandal -  …
A Chinese court holds that an algorithm's article is protected by copyright. It's a boring financial report and the copyright is held by Tencent, but a departure from the position that non-humans cannot be "authors" (see the Monkey Selfie case...)  …
Well, this starts to answer my question of “How does someone 2k in the rears on child support donate 56k to the GOP/Trump, & live this lavish life?” A New Figure in the Ukraine Scandal Worked for a Mysterious Chinese Trump Donor – Mother Jones  …
The question must be asked: why is American media so afraid to address the role of: the Russian Mafiya, La Cosa Nostra, the Chinese Triads, the Chicago Outfit, or the Dixie Mob? Because they're all over this national crisis. Why are they scared?
Lev Parnas' alleged co-conspirator Robert Hyde "consulted" for a mysterious Chinese donor (Gao) who has given $237,000 to @realDonaldTrump & the @GOP. Goa is a “Buddhist artist” who only recently relocated from #China. @thespybrief  …
RDJ's weibo "Here are my best wishes to everyone for the  Chinese New Year! [爱你] And don’t forget  to the cinema for #多力特的奇幻冒险#on February 21st!" 
Love is not about possession, it's all about appreciation. Chinese Proverb 
PBOC getting ready for Chinese New Year  …
The demand for premium products including smartphones and televisions in India has encouraged the Chinese smartphone-maker @Xiaomi to expand further its operations and reposition #Mi brand to address the requirements of top-tier  …
Robert Hyde and another secret Chinese donor helping Trump Make America Great Again....  …
Chinese Ships Have Entered Our Exclusive Economic Zones In IOR, Says India’s Naval Chief  …
China's most powerful  #satellite, also the biggest spacecraft ever built by a private  was launched on Thursday in Northwest China. #5G #space
65 years ago: first meeting ever been Burmese and Chinese leaders (U Nu and Mao). Burma then facing multiple insurgencies and uncertain of Chinese intentions but keen on maintaining good relations. Big difference with now was that Burma’s economy was, if anything, more advanced. 
Mother Jones reports that Robert Hyde, the new player in the Trump-Ukraine scandal, has been a consultant for a mysterious Chinese donor who has given almost a quarter of a million dollars to Trump and the GOP.  …
Chinese President Xi Jinping will arrive Naypyitaw today on state visit.Myanmar & China enjoy special ties as immortalized by former FM Marshal Chen Yi, “I live here upstream & you live downstream, our endless friendship flows like the river & the  us together.” 
Ready for our first Chinese-American First Lady
Japan reported its first case of a new coronavirus, which has infected 41 people in China, sparking concern about the virus's potential to spread during Chinese New Year next week, when millions are expected to be traveling. 
Some think the Chinese New Year may impact $BTC negatively, as people sells bitcoin to purchase presents. Chinese New Year starts with the 2nd new moon after the winter solstice. This year it falls on Jan/25. Data indicates $BTC does not underperform preceding the Chinese NY 
I miss this routine : Monday Afternoon: Voltron Tuesday Afternoon: Super Ted Wednesday Evening: Arelu Thursday Evening: Chinese Film Friday Evening: Indian Film Saturday Morning: James Bond Sunday Morning: Yam & Egg Sunday Afternoon: Koto Aye Sunday Evening: Home Work
China Pledges To Buy $200 Billion Of American Goods Under Phase One Trade Deal. Obama’s policies w/Chinese steel imports killed our, & many others, business back in the late 2000s. Well done ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ can’t wait to see what’s next.  …
The first pre-orders for the transparent nurse suit designed by @azazel1944 will open at 8pm Beijing time on January 17th!]As the Chinese New Year holiday is approaching, this batch is temporarily limited to 100  
But still many are selling the future of themselves and their next generations for Chinese money 
Last thing. In ROGUE ONE when Baze calls Jyn "little sister" in untranslated Chinese, right before their suicide mission, I cried like a baby. I can't believe we're going after each other right now. I mean Jesus. Talk about suicide missions.
asian dudes trying to win back their EX be like Chinese dudes Filipino dudes Viet dudes Japanese Dudes 
i could go for some bomb ass chinese food right about now /: 
Now Chinese slave @SitaramYechury will teach CDS what to  …
Fantastic @mayemusk, the book #AWomanMakesAPlan is  for #China soon, can't wait to get my first hardcover in Chinese version for this amazing book. Guys, stay turned on #tmal! #mayemusk $TSLA #TESLA  …
A weapon that makes people feel like they just ate Chinese food.
I love it when my whole class starts speaking chinese i feel so included
BANNON: America’s ‘Managed Decline’ is Coming to an End Because Trump ‘Broke the Chinese Communist Party’ 
The Lidar market is going to have its reckoning in 2020. Too  and prices falling fast. Feels like PV solar when the Chinese wave hit. Like PV solar, Lidar is real & this race to the bottom will be good for consumers But this story is just the first of many   …
this girl came in saying she wanted chinese letters on her nails. i said okay, have you picked out what words? this girl said “no do your thing, you know it by heart don’t you” ...???????????? i’m vietnamese.
Today is the opening of the impeachment trial for a president who, in the last 72 hours signed an enormously hard-fought trade agreement with the Chinese, & had the US MCA trade agreement passed in the Senate with a bi-partisan vote & the DOW is currently over 29,000. 
The #DNC & @HillaryClinton paid for interference in the 2016 election in the form of a phony dossier, @AdamSchiff was caught on tape gleefully accepting dirt on #Trump from who he thought were Russians & Red Chinese funded #Clinton reelection. But  …
Wu Huayan: Chinese charity accused of withholding donations 
This would be very interesting and profound important is true. Chinese banks don't have the capital. Not sure if final data for 2019 but loan growth outpacing deposit growth. If they follow this, this will kill loan growth and kill the economy. I really doubt this would happen  …
The Chinese government is holding this Canadian hostage in an effort to force Ottawa to release the Huawei CFO, who is facing a US extradition request.  …
An annual staple returns. Grab the Air Jordan 13 Retro 'Chinese New Year' next Thursday. Launch details:  
GN I will start calling out people who make racist Chinese jokes since half of allyuh absolutely fucking dense and only care about racism when you feel like it
Imagine being locked up in a Chinese prison for 403 days. You cannot see your family. No justifiable reason has been given. That is what our Canadian friend and colleague Michael Kovrig is facing. #FreeMichaelKovrig.  
This is a Spanish “singer” that is talking about kpop idols as “sis*y chinese that were hairstyles and dress like women and that who look more like women than really women” Could you help trending this hashtag please ? #otisoverparty  …
Two #Chinese nationals were found dead in #Iceland's sight spot "The DC-3 Plane Wreckage" located in the country's southern coast of Sólheimasandur, said the Chinese embassy in a statement on Friday. An investigation is underway (file photo) 
“I don’t want to experience again the feeling of waiting for death because of poverty.” The death of a 24-year-old #Chinese woman due to of severe #Malnutrition is sparking widespread outrage against officials for failing to address extreme  …
I wanna go shopping at Ikea w a pretty girl  home and I can build all the stuff and she can tell me I did a good job then we'll order Chinese food and sit at our new table I built and live our happy gay fairytale
Minor Chinese New Year, usually referring to the December 23 or 24 of the Chinese lunar calendar, marking the approach of the Chinese New Year. On this day, people sweep the dust, eat dumplings and prepare for the Chinese New Year. 
#Chinese authorities announced the 2nd death from the so-called #WuhanPneumonia, just as #Japan confirmed its 1st case of the  …
indefensible ...French and  have won a tender to provide milk products to the state’s largest public hospitals, and the Palaszczuk Government is under fire for not awarding the contract to an award-winning Queensland dairy.  …
Chinese girl group SNH48 dancing to ‘LION’ by #G_I_DLE. By the way Yuqi is friends with member Eliwa from the same group but different 
Just like former #UK consulate worker Simon Cheng, one of the Chinese medicine practitioners missing, who was treating #HongKong protestors. PRC used the same excuse as to Cheng, framed the practitioner visiting prostitutes. The whereabouts of the practitioner remain 
WTF, Indo-Pacific insanity. I hate "Indo-Pacific" as a substitute for sub-regions, which is where 80% of the action is. Yet even I aknowledge there are (Chinese) logics that connect across sub-regions. But this way overstretches "region." You're just talking about the world  …
U.S. and China have reached a truce and will sign an initial deal soon, but tariffs on $360 billion worth of Chinese goods will remain in place. US, not China, is bearing the financial brunt of the trade war. #trumpisweak #wtp2020 @wtp__2020 
HUGE Chinese New Year PATCH. Hero Buffs/Nerfs, New Skins, Top 500 Leaderboard AND MORE. So much content for the stream LIVE AT 6 PM EST  
Hey MAGAts, No matter who ends being the Democratic President, we promise that you'll still be able to stick fireworks down your ass crack, shoot your own truck's side-view mirror off, and wear your shiny, red, Chinese-made MAGA hats!! Deal? Put'r there, Pal!
hellos, i really need to study so please help me !! 1 like - 1 hour of poa, 1 hour of math & 1 hour of ss  - 1.5 hour of chem, 1.5 hour of geog, 1 hour of chinese 1 rt - 1 hour of phys & 1 hour of eng flop me pls HAHA 
Taiwan's Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT) thought it could simply find a charismatic savior to win back power in 2020; now the KMT can no longer avoid taking a hard look at its fundamentals. By @voicettank for @KetagalanMedia @kuomintang  …
Daxingshan Temple situated on West Xingshansi Street of Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. The temple originally built in 265-289 in the Jin Dynasty (265-420). It is one of the oldest Buddhist temples in China and a birthplace of Chinese Tantric Buddhism (Vajrayana). 
Researchers found unremovable Chinese malware preinstalled in budget Android phones sold by Assurance Wireless, a federal Lifeline Assistance program supported by the US government. The affected phone's Settings app also functions as obfuscated malware: 
So we aren’t sending US troops to an important strategic military exercise — about repelling/challenging Russian (and Chinese) arctic adventurism — because they have been retasked to the Middle East, where we already conceded dominance to Russian influence. I’m not gonna say it.  …
I JUST GOT IMPEACHED FOR EATING A MEAL... A SUCCULENT CHINESE MEAL! 
If you ever wondered what animal inspired ancient Chinese artists to create their incredible paintings and sculptures of dragons, we felines have the answer... 
yesterday's sell-off was set up by a story from a news organization that tried to make news about Chinese tariffs that wasn't news at all which is why the rally was even bigger today.
Okey so basically the members of the most famous musical survival in Spain called kpop idols robots without brain and "north korean" Chinese people. Spanish ARMY are trying to trend #otisoverparty so please help us
A new figure in the Ukraine scandal worked for a mysterious Chinese Trump donor. || via MotherJones  …
"Instead of celebrating democracy as an alternative to Chinese authoritarianism, Trump is denigrating the rule of law at home & cozying up to dictators abroad. Trump...is 'a strategic gift' for China."  … @DLeonhardt
People attacking Kevin Rudd for being present & having an opinion on the Chinese-US trade agreement: aside from being a former PM he has a degree in Chinese politics and language. Yes I want to hear his opinions on the impact this will have on Australia.
For over 60 years, the Chinese Communist Party has suppressed religious freedom in #Tibet. Exiled from his own country, His Holiness the Dalai Lama reminds us that respect must be the foundation of religious tolerance. 
Novel virus tied to Chinese outbreak found in Japan, as second death is reported  … via @statnews
What is 'Chinese Restaurant Syndrome' and is it racist? 
The Chinese Communist Party tries to infiltrate American universities through ‘Confucius Institutes.’ That’s why I led efforts to keep taxpayer $$from these programs. Glad to see @Mizzou take a stand & shut down this espionage and propaganda on their campus.
For those keeping track... Smart money on Wall Street is betting on President Trump remaining POTUS and getting re-elected (See Stock Market) The Chinese, Japanese, Mexico and Canadian governments are also betting on Trump (See Trade Deals) Democrats are betting on this guy... 
that one time yibo was making a poem with yibo and then suddenly realized his name rhymes with erection in Chinese... the way he was cracking up.. i never forget
It turns out that you don’t need to travel all the way to China to practice ancient Chinese martial arts! At the Shaolin Temple of Mexico, students develop their skills in  practices of Tai chi, Qigong, Shaolin Kung fu, and meditation 
Some people asked me if it's available outside China. Unfortunately it's not. The game is only released in China with Simplified Chinese language. Here is a link to the Android APK if anyone wants it though (Not a virus).  …
#Trump 'Broke The Chinese Communist Party' With Phase One Trade Deal: #Bannon | Zero Hedge  #CCP
This is like ICE celebrating Chinese exclusion by telling you to get take-out. Remember this disastrous part of our agency's history?  …
The second most powerful country in the world bet on President @realDonaldTrump winning re-election in 2020, and on the same day the Democrat Speaker of the House impeached him and guaranteed the Chinese gamble was not in vain.
Thankful to work for  who in the great city of Houston, allows me to give back and do #TwitterForGood for the local  @OCAHouston #Census2020 #OneTeam 
#SowingSeeds #YangGang My local chinese food guy is a trumper....asian. I know he is liking yang, but he is scared of "what others will say". When I left I showed him the "Former Trump Supporters for Yang" digital flag. He smiled, laughed, actually said, "Thanks." The lesson is:
A new figure in the Ukraine scandal worked for a mysterious Chinese Trump donor 
So proud to launch #Newham as an @HeritageFundUK Focus Area today! @ShpresaPrograme & @IROKOtheatre & Newham Chinese Association show us how heritage is fun & brings us together! Thanks @NewhamLondon & @rokhsanafiaz 
Is there literally any cuisine better than really bad Chinese food? I think not.
A) I can/can't believe people thought Chinese tomato-and-egg stir-fry was too "exotic" B) Chubby Princess is an incredible name for a restaurant  …
"A DPRK-China friendship meeting for Lunar New Year's Day was co-sponsored by the Korean Committee for Cultural Relations with Foreign Countries, the DPRK-China Friendship Association, and the Chinese embassy [in Pyongyang] at the Taedonggang Diplomatic Club on January 14" 
This is really such an  test. If you shook over me having snacks in my bag in the theater (hell, I've brought Chinese food, Popeyes, deli sandwiches, sliders...) how you gonna act when we need to finagle some REAL sh*t?!  …
adidas' Ultra Boost “Chinese New Year 2020 Collection” will officially launch on 1/24  
$TSLA - 1/Tesla’s and @elonmusk ties to the Chinese Communist Party gets even tighter.  …
We’ve also made some tweaks and additions for #TheSims on Origin PC, including support for Simplified Chinese! Full patch notes:  …
The Tencent Nintendo Switch cartridges (Chinese ver.) also have the same bitter taste as the global cartridges. 
Reining in Xinjiang is of paramount importance to Chinese leaders, but doing so through draconian repression is myopic and could result in a new cycle of terrorist violence, write @msaltskog and 
Indictment: Kansas researcher secretly worked for #China while employed at the University of Kansas and tried to recruit other researchers and students for the #Chinese government  …
In Manhattan, homeless shelters are full while luxury skyscrapers stand vacant. Developers bet huge on foreign plutocrats—Russian oligarchs, Chinese moguls, Saudi royalty—looking to buy second (or seventh) homes. Then came the bust...  …
Kashmir a disputed territory between Pakistan-India: Chinese Ambassador #ARYNews  …
Dozens of Chinese nationals without proper papers have been smuggled from the Bahamas to South Florida by operators of luxury yachts who are charging them thousands of dollars each for the short Atlantic journey, according to federal criminal cases.  …
Germany has to choose whether to be a democratic military ally of the United States or a vassal of Chinese autocrats. German leaders like to blame Trump, but that's a distraction from German corporate power corrupting German politics.  …
It appears as Hyde might be funneling Chinese money to the RNC:  …
"Happy Chinese New year Gala Performance" held at PNCA Islamabad on Thursday 
Back in 3rd Grade I was telling my teacher about how excited I was for Chinese New Year and asked if she knew anything about it. She looked down at me and said "I do not care at all." and walked off.  …
Blood on His Hands - Pope Francis’s betrayal of Chinese Catholics Watch the all NEW Download here -  
Endearing! Chinese lantern flowers crystalize in the rain 
#XiJinping has been trying to use #China's economic clout  obedience from foreigners. The way to stop #Chinese intimidation, therefore, is to go after trade with and investment in that country. Do not feed the beast! #EastTurkistan #Xinjiang  …
Taehyung is and has always been Jin's biggest supporter The way he started clapping when jin finished speaking chinese and he was the first one doing this even Namjoon noticed that . 
A teacher in primary school told me that the British empire only took over Hong Kong to help the poor chinese addicts I naively recited this to my parents & they were angriest I'd seen them We need to teach all pupils to question colonial narratives  …
It's not a final design but it does give you an idea of what they're thinking of It will be low cost and affordable to many people in China It will seat 6 It will be designed with the Chinese market in mind It will be exported from Gigafactory Shanghai to other countries  …
I went to middle school in Missouri. My teacher went out of her way to introduce me to the ONE other Chinese person at the school and told us we should be friends and talk to each other in Chinese. Except we couldn't because she spoke Mandarin and I spoke Cantonese.  …
"Before a group of Indonesian scholars and journalists came to Xinjiang, the Chinese government manipulated the Uighur concentration camp to be more friendly"--part of "China's efforts to cover up the massive indoctrination policy carried out in Xinjiang."  
newscaster: [watching chinese restaurant burn down] oh the hunanity! why god? szechwhyyyyyy?!
True Finns MEP:s turned to be more True Chinese  …
Media outlets around the world feel pressure to curb their criticisms of the Chinese government. Chinese journalists in Canada know this all too well. @Nuttallreports for  …
There are Chinese basketballers right?
#China is eager to import meat, potatoes, onions, mangoes and cherries from #Pakistan and in this regard, Chinese experts will visit quarantine facilities of the country in February this year, said Chinese Ambassador Yao Jing. 
#China will now have one fewer propaganda outpost in America. We must close the rest. Chinese Communists should not be allowed anywhere near our schools.  …
The "good times" are over for everyone in #China. That means we should be getting ready for the world's next great Chinese diaspora.  …
Chinese proverb: a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step Programmers proverb: a journey of learning a new programming language always begins with a single "Hello World" program
Excellent investigation by @jliski and @svuorikoski into Finns Party MPs' undeclared links to Chinese state entities, and the cash their business received. Here's a taster in English, hope we've summed up their reporting in a fair way!  …
Here’s some slightly better footage from NYC 1979 - Johnny Thunders and the Heartbreakers - Chinese Rocks #punk 
[UCC] Kpop Idols & Trainees participating on 'Youth With You' season 2 (Chinese version of 'Produce 101')  
Here’s some lore to Sombra’s new skin: Bian Lian is an ancient Chinese dramatic art were performers where brightly colored masks. The art is part of the Sichuan Opera, and performers move/dance to dramatic music. The performers change can masks almost instantaneously with a — 
If it goes well, the toast will be soaked in honey & fluffy the upper inside, & crunchy on the bottom. Also you sprinkle little Chinese pepper/Sichuan pepper (not black pepper) on it, will make it really sweet & hot. This is fuck! The amount of honey is less than you'd think. :]  …
Adding simplified chinese fonts now! It's so refreshing to see your game in a foreign language, makes me think about how many different people around the world will be able to experience and talk about it! Wishlish UNSIGHTED:  … #gamedev 
"I call on the Chinese government to release my father and all the other innocent people who have been wrongfully put in prisons, or camps, for simply practicing their faith or being who they are." @jewherilham, daughter of Uyghur scholar, Ilham Tohti. 
New York’s squeezed middle class is shrink-wrapped into tiny bedrooms, beneath a canopy of empty sky palaces built for Russian oligarchs, Chinese students, Saudi royalty. Manhattan’s housing woes reflect America’s national housing market. By  …
An incongruous trend is accelerating: Americans are  more heavily invested in  and government securities, Steven Schoenfeld writes. 
Announcing the 2021 Secret Lair: Year of the Ox! This Secret Lair will celebrate the Chinese New Year with your favorite Ox cards in Magic, each with alternate art! Cards in this set include Ironhoof Ox, Chrome Mox, Darksteel Booster Box, Loxodon Warhammer and many more! 
The Senate Republicans are about to experience something like Chinese water torture. Even if they acquit Trump, they'll endure the drip-drip-drip of incriminating evidence. A Thread.   …
These annual hearings are the first place much of the public heard about the return of Russian aggression and its new means of hybrid aggression; of the need for expanded focus in Asia, where Chinese force projection and hybrid influence is a significant challenge; much more /3
Annual sale at Galeries Lafayette Haussmann in France is taking place these days, and #Chinese tourists are certainly making #China proud - look at them running (when security held a “Do Not Run” sign in Chinese), crawling, snatching & fighting! Video: Vision Times YouTube 
Some say Chinese have no human rights, as if they lived in misery. But then, why are CHN's economy & society full of dynamism & vitality, why is people's sense of fulfillment&happiness increasingly stronger, why is the CPC endorsed by people over 70 yrs? Please don't be blinded.
'Tariffs worked,' says Jim Cramer, praising Trump on China trade deal “The Chinese were kind of accepting that they had to get something in order to keep the American market.”  …
In the past month I got married, went to federal trial, killed a book of 6 yrs, and cut off all my hair. I feel like I should sprout wings on Chinese New Year, or at least win a small scratch off ticket.
A new figure in the Ukraine scandal worked for a mysterious Chinese Trump donor. 
. @Tesla plans to open a design and research center in China to make ‘Chinese-style’ vehicles,  said in a recruitment notice on its official WeChat account  
I will speak at this on Sunday The Chinese Communist Party  mass atrocities & severe human rights violations It has the largest internment of an ethnic group since the Holocaust It is destroying the frontline of freedom I #StandwithHK #StandwithUyghurs Join  …
Chinese Ambassador Yao Jing lauded Pakistani media was working for promoting China-Pak relations and bridging the peoples of China and Pakistan. @zlj517 @CathayPak @Mushahid @CPEC_Official @pcipakchina @Asad_Umar @ImranKhanPTI @PlanComPakistan  
Join us outside the Chinese Embassy in London this Sunday and #StandWithHongKong, #standwithUyghurs and #standwithtibet . Help show our government we will not sell our souls for Chinese blood money. Register attendance below.  
Chinese, Pakistani media to jointly foil false western propaganda; says Chinese Ambassador Yao Jing @zlj517 @CathayPak @Mushahid @CPEC_Official @pcipakchina @Asad_Umar @ImranKhanPTI @PlanComPakistan  
The development of the China-Russia relations will not be influenced by changes in the international situation or domestic political process of the two countries, says the Chinese Foreign Ministry  
Tonight I am speaking at Peterhouse, Cambridge, on China I will argue that the Chinese Communist Party is taking China backwards 40 years in human rights and is a threat to our freedoms too And, as with all bullies, we need to stand up to them 
New WDR will be on data. Hope: it spends a lot of time on the Chinese Social Credit System, GDPR, pitfalls of Aadhaar, etc -- and what other countries should learn about governing data. Fear: "look at the fancy poverty maps we can make with remote sensing data."  …
Today’s #China Read: The Chinese government & Communist Party pose a global threat to human rights according to #HRWGlobalReport2020  … @HRW
Global Endorser #GabbiGarcia ( @gabbi) wears a cheongsam, one of the most distinctive types of traditional Chinese clothing! 
1.5 million Muslims are held in Chinese detention camps. My mother was one of them. 
MacDonald is responsible for the Indian Act, the Residential School system, the Chinese Head Tax. He criminalized abortion and homosexuality, and starved Indigenous people. He said the Chinese would breed a “mongrel” race in BC and threaten the “Aryan” character of the Dominion.
Being in favor of the right of self-determination for: -Flanders -Puerto Rico -Scotland -Catalonia -Basque Country -Tibet -Quebec -Faroe Islands Does NOT mean that one is: -Anti-Belgian -Anti-American -Anti-English -Anti-Spanish -Anti-Chinese -Anti-Canadian -Anti-Danish (etc.)
this skin is based off bianlian (变脸), an ancient chinese operatic art in which the performer changes colourful masks really quickly. i think it’s an amazing legendary because the masks change rapidly in game too!! 
This is extremely disturbing... They are following the Israeli and Chinese models... Pakistan will have to get involved to blunt their very aggressive moves at annihilating all local population and freedom struggle... Present policy is nothing but betrayal and disaster. 
Trump goes on bizarre Comey rant in front of Chinese delegation: He ‘choked like a dog!’  …
Finnish Foreign Affairs Committee head Mika Niikko found to have extensive biz contacts with Chinese state-owned  Received election funding from Chinese businessman and later explained those as loans. Forgot to report multiple China trips as gifts.  …
Students from China are visiting a local school, interviewed about it ‘they’say: “...we think English students should do more work and studying and have more homework...Also in England, the lessons are always very noisy, which we don’t like. Chinese students are more hardworking”
President Trump has just signed a Phase One trade agreement with China that benefits American workers instead of the Chinese. Neil Cavuto, Ben Shapiro, Mitt Romney, John Kasich and others all said that tariffs don't work. They were WRONG. I'm waiting for their apologies.
Brexit trade deal with China? Chinese Ambassador. ' Britain interfered in our country for a century . It now tries to interfere in Hong Kong. Those days are over and it will never happen again . Ever' Good start .
“They face regular surveillance, harassment, and threats from Chinese authorities.” US senators proposed legislation that would impose #Sanctions on Chinese officials involved in exit bans that prohibit US officials returning home from  …
Dozens of Chinese nationals without proper papers have been smuggled from the Bahamas to South Florida by operators of luxury yachts. The smugglers are charging them thousands of dollars each for the short Atlantic journey, according to federal cases. 
she looks like one of those bootleg chinese figurines 
Could this be a new Tesla model from the Chinese R&D Center? @elonmusk #Tesla 
‘Exit bans’ are oppressive. This legislation will make sure that Chinese authorities responsible for the mistreatment of my constituents Victor and Cynthia Liu, and for the mistreatment of other Americans, know that denial of basic rights is unacceptable.  …
What does so many in Congress want? To be re-elected. Republicans and trump are depending on the Chinese & Russians hacking and manipulating our votes. Call and meet with your county election director. Make sure you have poll watchers at every voting place. Start organizing now.
"This deal ... makes American farmers increasingly reliant on Chinese state-controlled purchases," said one Montana wheat farmer.  …
Nah nah beta @rishibagree, @KeralaTourism declared, it is not a destination for bigots, violent Hindutva, fascists, racists, patriarchal idiots. Hindus are most  You must try beef chilly fry when you visit, unless you are veg, then try Chinese potatoes but I hate it.  …
Kun: What we expect in the future is to showcase the different colours from 7 of us, to present WayV's chinese music to fans around the world & to showcase in more & bigger stage ♡ #HappyWayVDay #1YearWithWayV #YouAreOurVision 
YO.... Can you imagine hua cheng as a chinese mafia big boss..... he has a lots of tattoos (of dianxia ofc) hidden beneath his suit,,,,
If I understand this correctly, the major Chinese concession in this trade deal is a promise to buy $200 billion in US goods over next 2 years, which is $30 billion less than they would’ve been buying anyway, before the trade war? Did I get that math right?
Last month, reports emerged of mysterious pneumonia cases in the central Chinese city of Wuhan, with 59 cases confirmed by January 5.  …
Last year at @columbiajourn, I did my master project on Chinese gay couples traveling to the U.S. to get their surrogacy babies. Today @Narratively published one of their stories, one that spans 4 years & costs $200,000. A thread will  …
The US economy is as strong as it has ever been thanks to President Trump... First the Tax Cut & Jobs act... Then the replacement of NAFTA with the USMCA... Now a Chinese trade deal that is fair to the US... All he does is win win win!
China and USA sign phase one of the Trade Deal. - China will open up its financial sector to more  - US will cut down earlier tariffs on $120 Billion worth of Chinese goods - All schedule tariffs are suspended
"As many as three million #Uyghurs—more than a quarter of the population—have undergone political brainwashing in these camps. The goal is to strip them of their faith and culture, making them 'fit' for the Chinese socialist system."  …
a dancer in weibo saw ten in lovely choreo and wrote a whole paragraph on his artistic dancing. how i wish i could understand chinese because this was definitely well written 
did junnie really just say he dyed his hair red not only for a hot appearance but also for good luck??? love me a chinese boy 
Politburo Standing Committee of the Chinese Communist Party denounce undemocratic @PeoplesMomentum leadership ballot.
Chinese Indonesians have faced a lot of discrimination in the past. In 1979, Confucianism was delisted as a recognised religion, so many Chinese were forced to adopt Buddhism and Christianity. Recognition for Confucianism would only be restored in 2000.  …
Every Food Lion got a Chinese spot beside it  …
Websites currently banned in China. - Google Search - Yahoo - Facebook - YouTube - Wikipedia (Chinese) - Twitter - Netflix - Reddit - Instagram - Tumblr - WhatsApp - BBC - New York Times - The Independent - Amnesty International Longer list: 
The United States' war on Chinese tech giant Huawei isn’t about Huawei. It’s about China. This is a clash over who will dominate the next generation of tech: 5G,  chips, and AI. It could trigger the end of a single global internet 1/ 
New @freedomhouse report shows China’s shaping of the global media. The administration should do more to explain threats posed by China to Americans, which is why Sen. Rubio introduced the Countering the Chinese Gov't & Communist Party’s Political Influence Operations Act (S.480)  …
Phase 1 does help some Americans. Boeing gets to sell more planes, Cargill gets GMO crops approved, and US banks will gain greater access to Chinese consumers. American consumers? We get to keep paying average 20% tariffs on Chinese goods and possibly higher food prices.  …
A lot of insight here into Chinese thinking on the purchasing agreements. Interesting that if export controls prevent China from hitting the targets, that is America’s fault  …
Tesla releases new design drawing, announces design center to build 'Chinese-style' car  … by @fredericlambert
He needs the news, he needs the headlines, he needs the attention, he needs the distraction from the trial, he needs this deal, good or bad, he claimed victory. Chinese people are not stupid. Trump’s China deal will hurt more than it helps  …
The clip that Lisa greetings on Chinese New Year, can you all please delete. There is a little mistake. Thank you  …
Today's #ABC_challenge I love this drink!!! We can live without Chinese stuff, it doesn't matter what kind stuff is. #AnywherebutChina Can I get response from @BorisJohnson @moonriver365 @realDonaldTrump ? ㅅ ? I think I can't absolutely 
The US economy is as strong as it has ever been thanks to President Trump... First the Tax Cut & Jobs act... Then the replacement of NAFTA with the USMCA... Now a Chinese trade deal that is fair to the US... All he does is win win win!
Minister @Asad_Umar said that #SEZs would enable setting up of joint ventures in manufacturing which would integrate enterprises from both sides & it is important for Pakistani manufacturing #industries to  part of global value chain by partnering with  
Trump's deal does nothing to curtail China’s subsidies to its manufacturers, which allows cheap Chinese products to flow to our country and hurts American manufacturers. All the forgotten men and women in U.S. factories have, once again, been forgotten.
Don't know if we can match the Chinese at manufacturing but there is something we can surely beat them at. Chinese food! Sure they've never heard of Rava Idli Manchurian!  …
@thespybrief @LouiseMensch @911CORLEBRA777 FYI “The reason is that Huawei, according to Dearlove, is “a state-managed, quasi-military enterprise.” The Chinese “will use all the cards they’ve got,” he said, “and they will play them with patience.””  …
“Research from the Federal Reserve and other top economists shows that US tariffs on Chinese  and materials,which largely won’t be lifted by the deal, are proving especially damaging to American  and jobs.” - Reuters  …
65% of Chinese imports into the US, and 57% of US imports to China, will continue to be subject to tariffs. China pledges to INCREASE state control of imports, "based on market conditions." Far better to turn back the clock to 2016!  …
#StandwithHK, Stand with Uyghurs, Stand with Tibetans Rally on SUNDAY in LONDON! Britain must condemn China's crimes & sanction those  human rights abuses. Join us, @DemocracyforHK & @OneWorldMovemen at 1pm at the Chinese Embassy W1B 1AD  
It's the beginning of the end of the managed decline of the United States. It was @realDonaldTrump' tariffs. He went against all economic orthodox & was lambasted by the financial press. He stood up for the tariffs~AND HE BROKE THE CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY!  …
Chinese purchases of U.S. goods face a steep climb if they are to meet the goals set out in the two countries’ trade deal 
Soybean growers in Iowa should be skeptical of the trade deal. There is still significant Chinese tariffs on U.S. farm products and many overseas markets have been decimated by Trumps trade deals.  …
Chinese man 'swallows two live eels to treat his constipation' 
Amazon has a responsibility to police the problem of Chinese counterfeit products on its site, says White House advisor Peter Navarro 
BREAKING NEWS: @Banyana_Banyana midfielder Linda Motlhalo  a permanent move to Djurgårdens from Chinese side Beijing Phoenix. The 21-year-old South African has penned down a two-year contract with the Swedish Damallsvenskan side.  
What is the best way to talk about “identity” in the context of Taiwan and the Chinese-speaking world? Is identity a fluid concept or is it fixed? @WilliamYang120 discuss wiz @joytiunnchen @jamestwotree @ourobororoboruo @yaling_jiang & 
. WINNING!! Phase I of the Chinese Trade Deal were just signed by President Trump!!  …
By focusing not on Chinese tariff liberalization but purchases from America, the Phase One deal is essentially the Trump administration telling Beijing, ‘We’ve given up on saying we want you to  more market-oriented.’ By @JoshZumbrun & @AnthonyDB  …
President Trump on Wednesday signed an initial trade deal with senior Chinese leaders that includes pledges from Beijing to more than double its purchases from American farmers in the first year. Here's what it means for the US.  
The Chinese Communist Party is upping the ante on its aggressive strategy to manipulate media narratives all over the world. Read @annafifield in the Washington Post for  …
[TRANS] fan: "Please  a Chinese dish" #RENJUN: "Grilled  …
It’s time for Merkel to let go. The entire Chinese submarine fleet is powered by German quiet-diesel engines. Germany has been helping build the Chinese  for over a decade.
Iconic gorge sold to Chinese  for pittance  … via @newcastleherald
it's nice to tweet about a writer in a chinese restaurant
Trump continues to be an international embarrassing! "They have a hoax going on over there, let's take care of it," Trump told Repub senators who will serve as his jurors at WH signing on Wed, in front of stony faced senior Chinese officials".  …
Are you worried about the Chinese Communist Party's growing clout in Brussels? This report by the Corporate Europe Observatory (CEO) exposes how the CCP is cultivating networks of European think tanks & lobbyists in order to influence EU policy making.  …
"Very thoughtful" to leave suicide note in English and Chinese.  …
Fantastic article by the BBC on Chinese 'fishermen' and underwater drones - well worth a read to learn about the murky world of undersea activities in the region.  …
200116 @layzhang Chinese Tiktok updated a clip: Wish everyone have a endless lucky and happy year in  rat year. Calvin Klein prepared exclusive surprises for you in 2020. #LayZhang #Yixing #张艺兴 #장이씽 #레이 #レイ #อี้ชิง 
#Australia: Outrage over #Chinese mine plan to extract 96 million ­litters of local groundwater a year in a drought-hit area of Queensland where the locals are ­relying on trucked-in water  …
200116 Yixing Tiktok update wishing everyone good luck in the Chinese new year of the rat with @CalvinKlein's CNY collection @layzhang #Lay 
UNSC meeting to discuss prevailing situation in IoK on the Chinese request underscores the international character of the Kashmir dispute. However, the  is not doing enough to force India to lift the curfew,  blackout & free political leaders  …
Wherever Chinese people go, they are Chinese. Wherever Indian people go, they are Indians. Wherever European people go, they are Europeans. Then we have Afrikan people. Wherever they go, it's either they're Afrikan America or something. They are not always proud of their roots.
A Chinese airline that for decades has flown only Boeing jets now wants to buy from Airbus 
Yohan in japanese is so cute I also want to hear he speak in chinese.... and greet his chinese fans #엑스원_새그룹으로_비상하자 #FightForX1 
Something more worrisome than Climate Change: Now deadly mystery Chinese virus crosses the ocean to Japan as World Health Organisation warns it could spread around the globe  via @MailOnline
#ZhouShen Sing <Let it go> in 9 languages English - Chinese - Japanese - Russian - Polish - Cantonese - Ukrainian - French - Italiano #周深 演唱《let it go》九种语言 #Frozen Youtube full video:  
The US and China have signed an agreement to pause the trade war that has weighed on the global economy for nearly two years, while leaving in place tariffs on hundreds of billions of dollars of Chinese imports 
Chinese funded mega-projects around the World. Just look at that Kenyan section :)  
Just a reminder Once headliners is over Chinese new year promotion starts. “The year of the rat” Contains half price packs etc... drains the market a ton. Expect even more, this is EAs year after all
The US and Iranian embassies in Beijing have published a series of barbed posts in recent days on Weibo, a popular Chinese social media site, attacking each other in Chinese for hundreds of millions of internet users to  …
. @EIB survey: People all over the are ready to fight #ClimateChange 64% of Europeans  to choose public transport over driving 94% of Chinese citizens are willing to switch to a green energy provider More  
Taoran Notes, anonymous Chinese blogger who trade experts believes travels with Vice Premier Liu He, posts this week after a 2 month hiatus. Says deal is “generally acceptable” to all, better than previous May text which too one-sided in favor of US.
chinese poem be like: hello (footnote 1) this (footnote 2 - cheng yu) is (footnote 3 - quote from famous person A) a (footnote 4 - a famous story) poem (footnote 5 - this word isn't even used anymore)
Goodbye Hollywood, I switched to expensive and high-quality Chinese TV shows. It turns out that there are a great many of them, besides, you do not have Ma Tian Yu. 
Scrutiny of mainland Chinese has intensified on American campuses over the past two years 
A new paper out from me today: Modern Russian and Chinese Integrated Air Defence Systems: The Nature of the Threat, Growth Trajectory and Western Options  … #Russia #China
wwx says 独孤求败. my fave xianxia/wuxia trope. it means wwx‘s so skilled, wins so much that he’s bored & looking for an opponent to lose to. in chinese literature, this person often  their one & only. here wwx says he admires lwj bc he is the one that can match up to him. 
China was stealing our intellectual property - big time. Clinton, Bush and Obama claimed nothing could be done to stop it because, "tariffs don't work." President Trump put tariffs on China, BIG tariffs, and yesterday, the Chinese agreed to end intellectual property theft.
It would appear @POTUS colluded with the Chinese to troll @SpeakerPelosi  impeachment pens she had made and 
I taught Sejarah to Chinese and Indian students who had a lot of trouble with BM. It was frustrating, but  however I could - using pictures and translations, not wholesale - and made sure to teach with kindness as a priority.
MSU is getting ready for the Chinese New Year 2020 celebration! #LovefromMSU #MSUmalaysia  
this is the first time they refer to each other as 知己 (soulmate). although translated to ‘soulmate,’ 知己 (zhījǐ) holds more meaning in chinese culture — someone that understands you deeply. right in front of lqr & lxc’s salads  
⁦ @AnnastaciaMP⁩ has done most despicable thing- "Residents of Southern Downs region are furious -Water will be taken by  and bottled in Gold Coast One farmer said it felt like 'salt in the wound' as they struggle to cope  …
“This was such a dream project for me,” said Posehn. “I wanted to take my time, I wanted it to be perfect, so it took us six years  It’s the ‘Chinese Democracy’  records. And it didn’t cost thirteen million dollars to make.” 
EU can offer an alternative to the US & Chinese approach to data. Merkel says personal data does not belong to the state or  and it must be ensured that the individual has sovereignty over their own data.  …
Chinese Ambassador briefing media on Second #UNSC discussion on Indian Occupied Jammu and Kashmir, in 6 months. #Kashmir #IOK 
ICYMI: #Germany Probes Alleged Chinese Spy Ring. Prosecutors say they suspect three German nationals passed sensitive information such  data to Chinese handlers. Via ⁦  …
Spot the difference. China sequesters muslims into Xinjiang concentration camp - sounds of silence frm OIC/Chinese journos/global media. Indian parliament passes a law w/70% majority - every1 has stories of fascism. Sauce, goose, gander....  …
Created by Chinese immigrants in Korea, Jjajangmyeon tells the story of identity. The beloved noodle dish may have its root in China - but was adapted to suit Korean taste. Do you know a dish shaped by immigration and identity? Share with us 
As tensions between the United States and Iran persist after the American killing of a top Iranian general this month, the two countries are waging a heated battle in an unlikely forum: the Chinese internet 
Standard Bank - another scam uncovered. SB increases the normal term of 20 years to 30 years without the client's concent . To see more of this please read the article on my website  under the heading "Standard Bank - the Chinese connection
[TRANS] "Hello to all friends at IQiYi Variety Show. I am Lisa. Wishing everyone a happy new year!" Note: It's Chinese New Year next week. #KillThisLove #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards @ygofficialblink  …
chenle: i want to type in chinese too but there is no chinese keyboard (he’s probably not using his own phone but a staff’s for the mention party)  …
*Chinese girl claimed she likes and can write in Jawi* 'LETS GIVE HER BUMIPUTERA STATUS!!!!' Serious? good suggestion actually. If you really are serious about this i guarantee you, no need 1 week the non-bumi be writing jawi better than anyone of you.
Modi's handpicked Chief of Defense Staff advocates 'de-radicalization camp' for #Kashmir children, following Chinese example of 're-education camp' for Uighurs!  …
Deals by  to build ports, telecom networks and other infrastructure in poor countries have picked up, alarming some in the West 
Some new items incl. UK tour tee and Chinese tour tee are on our official online store NOW! International shipping is available. 
“We must acknowledge that we are backward, that many of our ways of doing things are inappropriate and that we need to change” - The words of Deng Xiaoping when he became the Chinese Leader in 1978
Good night everyone Qld Melany Dairy lost tender to supply milk to local hospitals to a Chinese &  Qld ALP govt claims to support ‘buy local’ campaign but it seems it made decision on price alone 
Correction: I missed a zero. Thailand expects 300,000 (!) Chinese tourists during the lunar new year period.
The total surveillance state is not a thing of the (Stasi) past. In China today, the high-tech surveillance state is a reality.  … Governments, stop appeasing the Chinese regime and defend human rights!
Cameras linked to Chinese government stir alarm in U.K. Parliament  by @rj_gallagher
Indian Air Force: Efforts to rescue the remaining persons, which includes 9 French & Chinese nationals at Padum, are underway despite adverse weather conditions.  …
APT40 is run by the Hainan department of the Chinese Ministry of State Security. But we knew that all along, right? #APT40 #HSSD #MSS #HainanXiandun #DingXiaoyang  
In its annual report reviewing human rights standards in nearly 100 countries, the Human Rights Watch NGO warns that the Chinese government is carrying out an intensive attack on the global system for enforcing human rights. 
6. Of course all this is happening days before the spring festival. 30,000 (!) Chinese tourists are set to arrive in Thailand. Numbers likely similar throughout the region. Governments in Asia must be worried. END.
$TSLA: MS DOWNGRADES BASED ON VALUATION, UNFAVORABLE RISK-REWARD, RISKS TO LONG-TERM CHINESE BUSINESS THAT MAY NOT BE FULLY APPRECIATED BY MARKET
IAF launched the rescue operations at a short notice & expeditiously rescued 71 persons to Leh. Efforts to rescue the remaining persons, which includes 9 French & Chinese nationals at Padum, are continuing in spite of prevailing adverse weather conditions. 
The predictions in 2019 of #BeltandRoad's demise were definitely premature as the #Chinese did an impressive $128 billion in BRI contracts last year -- a 40% increase over the previous year.  …
Why some of Chinese guys only follow Uyghur kids and teach red Chinese song to them? Why they don’t go to teach those sick songs to their own kids? There is no freedom for Uyghur kids even who are living with parents and not locked up in Kids concentration camps because of them. 
For those who think that Chinese citizens have a lot of money, here is a study that shows that 73% of people made less than 550 dollars a month in 2018 
Uyghur Sheikh Mahmoud Muhammad: The Muslim World Condemns Treatment of Palestinians, Rohingya Muslims, but Supports Chinese Policy against the Uyghurs 
[ #青春有你2] Hello our diamonds,we have big news! Fanxy Red’s member #K and #marco join to chinese TV show #youthwithyou please look forward to our girls and support 
Europe can offer an alternative to the US & Chinese approach to data. Merkel: “Personal data does not belong to the state or  It must be ensured that the individual has sovereignty over their own data & can decide with whom & for what purpose they share it”  …
Nick Witney of @ECFRPower - another from the 'Max Hasting school of aircraft carrier ignorance' wades in. “White elephants… their only purpose to annoy the Chinese" Article riddled with inaccuracies. 
This Chinese Style Curry with Juicy Meatballs from @KitchenSanc2ary just might be the  food! A terrific way to wind down a busy back-to-school week!  via 
Johnson pleads as there were no alternatives to Chinese 5G vendors. But the US, Japan, Korea, Australia, Vietnam, New Zealand, China (!) all manage to be years ahead of the UK 5G plans - despite excluding/restricting one or two vendors.  …
Chinese #SilkRoad will boost  cutting trading costs by HALF for the countries involved 
#Justice #Update Kansas City, KS New Indictment: KU Researcher Concealed Being Recruited For Chinese ‘Talent’ Program [alleged] wire & program #Fraud Feng Tao, associate professor at KU’s Center for Environmentally Beneficial Catalysis #FBI @POTUS  
If you have suppliers in China, text them Happy New Year in Chinese You’re probably working with the sales person who only gets a few days off a year They don’t take time off for Christmas, NYE, Thanksgiving and have longer work hours than US counterparts
Chinese Lunar New Year, also known as the Spring Festival, is the grandest festival in China. As the special occasion draws ever closer, our new year costumes have been designed. Stay tuned for the Coordinator's Chinese Cheongsam！ #IdentityV 
i hope the chinese lady that asked if i’m a dancer because of my posture knows that she fed an already dysfunctional ego and i’m going to be a nightmare for a week until my neurotransmitters overload and i end up crying in the shower
Not Chinese nor Indian but we speak English and Malay at home. My parents speak ONLY IN MALAY to each other lol  …
Japan's government says a man treated for pneumonia after returning from China has tested positive for the new coronavirus identified as a possible cause of an outbreak in the Chinese city of Wuhan, @mariyamaguchi 
It certainly won’t be a ‘joyful view’ for the residents of the Southern Downs region as they watch this  take 96 million litres of water from their  Their council has sold them out.  … via @abcnews
U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese Vice Premier Liu He sign Phase 1 trade deal, de-escalating an 18-month dispute that stoked fears of a global recession  
To avoid subjectivity I based my assessment neither on reports from Pakistan or India. I also avoided the Chinese and the US sides too because of their closeness of the matter. But there is plenty of other input. Might I say India should be circumspect. Not exactly its time.
The Qld dairy industry has dropped from 350 farms in 2018/19 to only 303 in 2020. Our dairy industry is in crisis. There is a tipping point fast approaching that will end in importing large quantities of imported (Chinese) milk.
Qld Melany Dairy lost tender to supply milk to local hospitals to a Chinese &  Qld ALP govt claims to support ‘buy local’ campaign but it seems it made decision on price alone Poor budget management has left Qld ALP govt deserting local businesses  
Forget about #Hookupzainabthegirl here is what Chinese gospel song sounds like 
Japan reported its first case of a new coronavirus that has sickened 41 people in China, adding to concerns about the spread of the virus outside Chinese borders ahead of a major holiday 
Hong Kong runner Wong Ho-chung loses Chinese award nomination for ‘online speech harmful to the motherland’s unification’ after helping victims of Yuen Long attacks  …
I have just seen three vehicles with Chinese men drive past the gravel road bordering my residence. It has never happened. Chinese men do not just drive about looking for beer or girlfriends. Am curious!
Zhao Zhongxiang (赵忠祥), a famous Chinese news anchor, passed away today at the age of 78. Winwin and GSG met him on an episode of MBM, and today Winwin reposted to wish him 一路走好, “walk the path well” (like rest in peace) 一路走好，赵老师！ 
3rd meeting of @UN Security Council on Kashmir issue after August 5 is the result of PM Imran Khan's best diplomatic efforts. Chinese ambassador is also confirming that Pakistani @ImranKhanPTI is in a concerted effort internationally to address the Kashmir issue. #UNSC 
@new_thitipoom We hope all the good things in the  to you. Happy 27thNewwieeBday Here's Chinese Fans sincere blessing for our beloved Newwiee. Hope people who love u and u love always surround u. #Newwiee #Newwiee27thBDCharity MBK CENTER screen 16-30 
Beijing’s motives in trying to underming the global human rights system stem from the fragility of rule by repression rather than popular consent. Despite decades of impressive economic growth, the Chinese government is running scared of its own people. 
I like to think that the Chinese intelligence agent who monitors my phone really appreciates the efforts I make to attempt to be emotionally honest with my therapist.
The irony here is incredible. One moment Chinese state media tries to tweet out that the west is lying by calling china an abuser of human rights, very next tweet is China threatening to murder and invade Taiwan just because Taiwanese want to preserve their democracy and freedom 
$453 billion investor in govt bonds diverting funds into longer-dated Malaysian & Chinese debt; initial market euphoria has faded. Foreign holdings of Indian sovereign debt have dropped to three-month low & that the unrest under Modi’s government makes it a riskier investment.
Hmm, if anything can bring down the Chinese economy, it's U.S. investment banks  …
Can someone share this on Weibo and tag Yibo? I think he would be happy knowing this! I would post it but my Chinese is  …
Why are Chinese fishermen finding so many 'submarine spies'? 
candy charm custom service pre-order still in there! Due to froggy weather in china it;s some days delay of the transfer,but they surely will be shiped out before chinese new year! will send a message when i get the code! sorry for delay!! 
I wrote in  about analysis of Fakesatoshi statement on key slices and bounded courier. I got immediately attack by CSW and BSV followers. This shit show is real.  … 
Indebted to Pakistan's true friend #China as an ordinary Pakistani for sponsoring our National position on grave humanitarian situation in Jammu and Kashmir at the UN Security Council. Chinese Representative at the UN talked to the press after the UNSC session. 
Japan identifies first case of Chinese virus 
Of the 50m children currently learning the piano worldwide, as many as 40m may be Chinese 
Okay, we know the ships are divided here, but: “Will drop off a huge bag of delicious Chinese food while I’m working” is basically the main trait we look for in potential suitors. #DrewCrew #NancyDrew #DatingProfile
The #PLA’s ability to take back #Taiwan is more and more overwhelming, making more Chinese mainland people believe a military solution more effective than a peaceful approach: experts  
In Pune, If you send traffic violators’ photos to the police, you get discount coupons. If you tell police where nylon and Chinese manjha are being sold, you’ll get a reward of 1k. I like how our police understands that we Punekars like to gossip
We thank H.E the President @KagutaMuseveni  the USD 30 million Uganda Industrial skills training and production centre in Namanve.This centre will enhance technology & innovation & create more jobs for our young people.We thank the Chinese Govt for the support. 
Excited to see Donald Trump sign the trade deal with the Chinese govt which will open more doors for American farmers& will continuously boost the Agricultural economy of both countries. I know of a country that closed its land borders to its neighbors and ....... never mind !
Kerala Boorism should give up on white tourists, who are eating less and less read meat,  … and focus instead on Chinese tourists, who love pork. Any spicy Kerala pork dishes?  …
How #Taiwan's fighter pilots, and its most advanced jets, keep watch on #China around the clock Taiwanese fighter pilots are on call around the clock to intercept Chinese jets that regularly probe the island's airspace A great read  …
au where the wangxian runs a classical chinese instrument youtube channel and do funky contemporary covers of songs, wwx does weird challenges like playing the recorder with his nose, lwj reviews different guqins plays these really ethereal classical songs
This report, following @WSJ's @JonathanEmont's piece is blowing open the Chinese govt's influence operations in Indonesia  … So Indonesia, when will you speak up for  …
Greens quiet on this? No protests? help residents of southern downs council area. Residents: limited 80L day  96M/L year mine. Does "fractured rock" mining involve pumping MORE WATER into the rock? Like "Frac mining" which can use 1-6mill/litres water per drill? 
"Sixty years ago, 10–20% of the Chinese population was short-sighted. Today, up to 90% of teenagers and young adults are. In Seoul, a whopping 96.5% of 19-year-old men are short-sighted."  …
Australia’s defence department has called time out on TikTok. That's hardly surprising, but it's yet another nail in the coffin for the Chinese-owned app. Here's my take on @arielbogle's  …
Chinese New Year Greetings from YoonA and Jello #YOONA #임윤아 
【200116 Video】 Xiao Zhan Studio Douyin updated：The survival guide of Chinese New Year. You need to read more books，love your work，stay positive，and keep smiling. The last step is to prepare red packets. #XiaoZhan #肖战 #샤오잔 #เซียวจ้าน 
CHINESE WATER MINE SPARKS FURY Farmers in a drought-hit region of QLD are furious at a lack of government opposition to a  plan to mine & sell nearly 100 million ­litres of groundwater a year. @australian @johnstonec  …
‘We have a great well-knit relationship, the best it's ever been’: U.S. President Donald Trump after signing Phase 1 trade deal with Chinese Vice Premier Liu He  
The cost of corruption should be very painful : Physically, mentally, financially & emotionally. Zimbabwe can rapidly rid the nation of this cancerous malady. How about copying & pasting the Chinese model of fighting corruption? #ZeroToleranceToCorruption @ZACConline
Gwador port is now moving and shaking! This should be big news. #CPEC and regional connectivity are important for Pakistan and owned by all political parties. PPP was the first to make Gwador accessible to the Chinese Govt. @BBhuttoZardari @MacMehmoodshah 
Trump tried an elaborate extortion scheme In order to rig the 2020 election. It didn’t work. He went to Putin. Putin sent his hackers to Barisma To help Trump cheat If that doesn’t work. Maybe Ivanka will put her Chinese voting machines into key swing states.
I'm happy to announce that I'll be the Southeast Asia regional editor with @chinadialogue for the near future, covering the environmental impacts of Chinese investment in the Mekong region. It's nice to be working with the good guys. DM's open if you want to make a story happen.
And Iranian terror. And Saudi intelligence. And Qatar. And money laundering. And MS-13. And the Cartels. And the Chinese Communist Party. And casinos. And Silicon Valley. And North Korea. This time, we can't skip bits. It's time to expose ALL the rot.
Red Bull + them Chinese pills in the Arab store . Man .........
Who was Moishe Two-Gun Cohen, Edmonton’s own Jewish gunslinging Chinese revolutionary? Senator Paula Simons to speak at Ritchie Hall Jan. 23 - Thanks to @avnishnanda for the  …
Chinese text of phase 1 trade agreement so far identical to English one, with parts directly translated. But People's Daily explainer that came out earlier gives China's spin - that the deal is totally voluntary & explicitly negotiated to China's benefit  …
#Jennie from #BLACKPINK has inspired her Chinese fans to help disadvantaged girls in remote impoverished areas of China as part of their birthday celebrations for their idol. #JennieDeservesBetter (Video: Weibo) @JENNIEBAR_CN 
Draught affected Aussie farmers are furious 100 Million litres of ground water has been approved for sell-off to the Chinese.  so badly hit by droughts that 50 truck loads of water have to be driven in every day from a dam 75km away. 
In its annual report reviewing human rights standards in nearly 100 countries, the Human Rights Watch NGO warns that the Chinese government is carrying out an intensive attack on the global system for enforcing human rights. 
#Darbar gets No.1 spot opening weekend despite working day release real craze after #Kabali already join Top 10 list but next week crucial as so many Chinese and English movies are releasing only @LotusFivestarAV keep on their cinema for atleast 6 
Today, President @realDonaldTrump Trump signed the first phase of a bilateral trade deal with China. In doing so, he has re-written the precedent abroad of what the United States will and won’t tolerate in the international arena. For years, the Chinese have taken advantage of...
#Chinese Representative at the #UN talking to press after today’s meeting where the meme era discussed the situation in #Kashmir. This is the second time UN discussed Kashmir in last 5 months. Thanks to 
A Maine mill, cast aside by short-term investors, needed a savior. A Chinese paper tycoon stepped in, promising to operate it for 100 years. 
A closed mind is like a closed book: just a block of wood. - Chinese Proverb 
#USChinatrade #KAG2020Landslide Bravo+KUDOS to . @realDonaldTrump for creating a historic+realistic U.S- China Trade Win-Win deal (Phase 1) "A journey of a thousand miles, begins with one step"-Chinese proverb. 
Chinese-Filipino Award Winning Actress Kim Chiu new IG Story updates of JENNIE KIM! #AngelJennieDay 
“To see his family used against him in this way and to learn about the possible death of his father in a Chinese propaganda article is incredibly painful.”  …
The press conference of Thai “HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR” in 2020, the Director of National Tourism Authority of Thailand, Yutassa, was as the representative of Thailand awarded #TheUntamedBoys the certificate of being ambassadors for Thai “HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR” in 2020. 
The possibility that a new virus in central China could spread between humans cannot be ruled out, though the risk of transmission at the moment appears to be low, Chinese officials said. 
#HongKong: Suspicious 'suicide' of British tourist couple supporting #HongKongProtests. They were found in swimwear and left suicide note in English and Chinese. One of hundreds of suspicious 'suicide' deaths of #HongKongProtesters ! @guardian @abcnews @Reuters 
Tokyu U has (finally) fired Oosawa Shouhei for tweeting that he'd never hire Chinese ppl. The  after weeks of engagement w/ students, including a meeting where some of the school's Chinese students broke down in tears. (Writer:  …
Indeed, except #Thailand, there’s another confirmed diagnosis of #WuhanPneumonia in #Japan. IMO The outbreak expects to escalate in Chinese New Year holiday, as many Chinese would travel around the world.  
After a lull, China's Belt and Road Initiative is back in a big way, with another surge in Chinese moves last year across the developing world. The contracts may create a lot of needed infrastructure, but many in the West are worried. 
This pro-Beijing telegram group admin says they'll suspend discussion for a few days for security reasons, because they have to travel to the mainland for Chinese New Year. Oh the irony.. 
China and the United States Of America sign phase one of the trade deal between the 2 countries as President @realDonaldTrump officially makes another campaign promise for the American people while signing the deal with the Chinese Vice Premier!!! This is huge!!!! 
Japan confirms first case of #novelcoronavirus in a traveler. The man in his 30s, who lives south of Tokyo, spent time with an infected person in the central Chinese city of #Wuhan  … via @business
Chinese attempts to rake up J&K at UNSC turned a cropper as majority of members including France, US, UK & Russia all backing India saying no discussion needed & it be discussed bi-laterally. Now u get the Envoy tour to J&K for a first hand assessment. Amazing Diplomacy !
xiaozhan taking chinese fashion world by storm #xiaozhanworlddomination2020
China's gift to the world: destroy civilisation to build Chinese matchboxes or replicas of the world; destroy flora/fauna/humanity to feed Chinese or Xi's Han supreme race; destroy forests, earth & ocean to build Chinese fantasy world; redefine SustainableDevelopment.
so honestly, wwx telling lsz years later (because they have to relive raising a-yuan that he didn't get to experience) that he grew lsz for himself and hanguang-jun and lsz was the only successful turnip of the crop isn't even that weird for what chinese parents tell their kids
France's Annual Crazy Sale season began,but it's surprising that in Paris, the Lafayette,a famous shopping mall,people was out of control!There's lot of people, almost can't move. As the mall's doors opened, a large crowd of #Chinese customers flocked to the scene. This is 
one of the most hilarious things about Chinese culture is that... you know how western culture has the stork gives parents a baby? Chinese culture has "we found you abandoned on the side of the road / on top of a mountain / in a bush / etc."
work wind down sketch... will never get tired of drawing chinese soap opera queens 
There's been conversation about Overwatch's new skins for the Year of RRRRAT. Some think they're very ugly, some say they're nice. Now since I'm a Chinese, lemme try to explain the concept for you guys. 
"The #Chinese purchase of #oil and its credit facilities are keeping the #Mullahs on life support." #Iran is central in the #USChina confrontation, to which the U.S. has a whole of government approach. Steve Bannon @CitizensAR explains: LIVE:  
But... but I am chinese  …
Their anti-china news often contradicts itself.. China has 4x the population but produces only a bit more CO2 than the US? So Chinese are 65% more CO2 efficient. Well take a look at his twitter name, prob a lot of entertaining tweets there.  …
Japan confirmed its first case of pneumonia linked to the coronavirus, a government official said Thursday. A Chinese national who tested positive in Japan is believed to have traveled to central China's Wuhan. 
Chinese markets edge higher after the U.S. and China sign their phase-one trade deal. Many industries in China — including cars, energy and pharmaceuticals — rise, but IT stocks are noticeably lower  
I made these for the Chinese new year (Jan 25) what do you get think? @BrutumF @gskmeva1234 @PagetKagy @Peace_of_Ce 
lots of ppl are quoting asking who this is so: this is jason (fu longfei) he used to be a nu’est member when they had their chinese subunit nu’est-m and he and his girlfriend had a baby yesterday!
A new figure in the Ukraine scandal worked for a mysterious Chinese Trump donor 
An important piece on the state of academic freedom in China. It is yet more reason why Australian universities should be very cautious about their relationships with Chinese universities:  …
New recruits of #Chinese Air  their first large aircraft skydiving 
The just-signed China-U.S. phase-one economic and trade agreement bears both economic and political significance, said Chinese Vice Premier Liu He. The deal has injected positive energy into the stability and development of the world economy, he added 
Hunter Biden has business ties to this Chinese firm- #ArticlesOfImpeachment  …
Fans Upset Starship Entertainment Is Sending A Trainee To Chinese Survival Program  …
Outrage over Chinese water mine plan  …
The phase-one economic and trade agreement between China and the United States is well beyond an economic deal, as it also has a bearing on world peace and prosperity, said Chinese Vice Premier Liu He 
“The Washington Post, Wall Street Journal and New York Times have all run paid supplements from China Daily, the Chinese government’s state media arm. The paid supplements, dubbed ‘China Watch,’ are designed to look like real news articles...”  …
"If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow." — Chinese proverb | | #patience
Wouldn’t bet against it, it’ll be them or Tesla, if it’s not a Chinese brand, but the next 10 years will be a technological whirlwind. “Volkswagen Will Be World’s Largest EV Manufacturer By 2030, Claims New Report.”  …
This is one of my favorite Chinese words, for the metaphorical punch of visualizing your heart drawing tighter as it searches for safety in the world, and also because it’s easy to write.  …
The Chinese name for Skylark is 云雀, yún-què, literally translated as "cloud sparrow", referring to the habit of singing while rapidly flying straight up. Another local name is 告天鸟, gào tiān niǎo, "tell heaven bird". 
This Little M’sian Girl Singing a Chinese New Year Song Will Unite Us All This Festive Season  … via @worldofbuzz
Will we have anything left in this country that is Australian owned ??.....John Williams who took on the big banks now wants foreigners banned from buying up mature Australian farmland as the Chinese buy bigger stakes in Barossa Valley wineries.  …
Hunter Biden could have been running Heroine and Hookers in Ukraine selling butt plugs out of his overcoat. It has 0 relevance to Trump's Impeachment You call Biden You must call Ivanka and question her Chinese trademarks Quid Pro Quo.
A phase one trade deal which exempts Ivanka Trump's line of plagiarized clothing from tariffs and gives her 16 Chinese trademarks.
It’s my bday today and I happily spent all morning and afternoon writing @LATACO Guide to Life-Changing Asada and the Fascinating, Delicious Chinese Mexican Food in Mexicali. Find out all the spots here:  …
Chinese authorities continue their crackdown against unauthorized VPN services with what appears to be their biggest catch so far. 29-year-old man arrested after making $1.6 million from running a VPN service. Service had more than 28k users.  
Imagine being locked up in a Chinese prison for 402 days. You cannot see your family. No justifiable reason has been given. That is what our Canadian friend and colleague Michael Kovrig is facing. #FreeMichaelKovrig.  
The sooner security nerds realise that their user base would give root access to their home router to a Chinese highschool in return for a free regular sized Fanta, the better.
China helped make my ex pretty wealthy, thanks Chinese. He was a Trademark lawyer; had been pursuing the Chinese about intellectual property theft forever !!!
Fact one: Chinese manufacturing has rebounded since November (contrast to 5 months contraction in the US) Fact two: The agreement involves agriculture, not manufactured goods. Did he even read it?  …
Know how the Chinese love using straw mans like "You should be grateful, we provide water to you" as a rebuttal against us fighting for democracy? Here's Chapman To debunking that BS water supply narrative Full vid:  #StandWithHongKong 
Yet another Lucio skin that no one is gonna use cause of how shit they look. Can yall stop giving me furry Lucio, Lucio with snakes, or Chinese Year Lucio. CAN WE JUST GET A SKIN OF LUCIO WITH HIM IN A CASUAL OUTFIT, OR HIM AS A RAPPER OR DISCO LUCIO FFS.  …
Along with Ivanka's 16 Chinese trademarks.
Space Yacht Actually Means Big Fat Ass In Chinese
Senator Marco Rubio urged British Prime Minister @BorisJohnson to exclude #Huawei and other Chinese state-directed  products in their 5G  network infrastructure. Read more  …
Trump’s remarks at the signing of the phase one trade deal were given almost 20 minutes of live airtime on Chinese state TV 
Is there a Grindr that’s not for dates or hookups? Like I just wanna go get Chinese food, but not by myself lol
Yes they will. No one is more innovative than Americans. The Chinese are great at stealing - masters in fact - but this is one area they will always be far inferior at. Reverse engineering yes. Original thinking? Umm, that would be a big no.  …
My most  way to eat the honey-buttered-honey toast is, adding little Chinese pepper (not black pepper). This is fuck! ( ´•ᴗ•)ก
President Trump said he will remove all U.S. tariffs on Chinese imports as soon as the two  'Phase 2' of their trade agreement  
An attempted Japanese assault on the Chinese city of Changsha has fallen into an ambush by Chinese Nationalist forces- Kuomintang defenders outnumber Japanese ~300,000 to 120,000, & have forced invaders to retreat with terrible losses. 
And THIS -- not Confucianism or Asian culture -- explains why the children of Chinese immigrants evince strong educational   …
A New Figure in the Ukraine Scandal Worked for a Mysterious Chinese Trump Donor – Mother Jones  …
Five hours after US and China signed the trade deal, China's Ministry of Commerce has not released the Chinese version of the deal. Chinese state media didn't prioritize trade deal news. On Xinhua's Chinese website, it's not headline, but 3rd place. Also way down on CCTV's web. 
TikTok just overtook Facebook to  the second-most downloaded app worldwide, per @JBoorstin. Can any of the social  with the Chinese-owned sensation? $FB $SNAP $TWTR 
 @realDonaldTrump for leaning in hard to work toward fair and reciprocal trade with China. This is  news for farmers and ranchers in the Lone Star State and across the country who want access to Chinese markets.
U.S. lawmakers propose sanctions over Chinese exit bans on Americans 
A new figure in the Ukraine scandal introduced Trump to a mysterious Chinese donor at Mar-a-Lago—and there's video footage 
Phase one agreement implies following increases in Chinese purchases for 2020: ag ($19.5b to $39b); energy ($8.5b to $42.2b); mfg goods ($102b to $146.8b); services ($56b to $81b) ... whether these are attainable is something else 
Yo YangGang. I need a YouTube expert. I have a professional translator who can put Chinese captions on Yang videos. Do you know the general rules of providing cc on other people's content not for monetization purposes? For example, Iowa Press intvw? @PagetKagy @nerdsforyang
"Many of our politicians and most of our media continually warn us about growing Chinese influence but avoid the fact that the US is the greatest threat to peace in the world. It is an aggressor across the globe. It is the most violent country both at home and abroad. "  …
Today’s #China Read: The growing global influence of the Chinese government and Communist Party—through censorship, content manipulation & even partial control of some countries' information infrastructure.  … @freedomhouse
Pleased to see this  out: Pierre-Étienne Will's Handbooks & Anthologies for Officials in Imperial China--A Descriptive & Critical #Bibliography of hundreds of handbooks-a goldmine for those working on the last 1000 yrs of Chinese  …
Chinese Permanent Representative to UN talking to media after closed door meeting of UNSC on the current situation in IOJ&K and LOC. #KashmirInUN 
Taiwan is a test-case for how democracies deal with Chinese pressure. “We cannot afford to be romantic about the relationship with China,” Tsai Ing-wen tells  …
Hey, want to watch video of Robert F. Hyde, the new player in the Ukraine scandal, introduce Trump to a mysterious Chinese donor at Mar-a-Lago? We at @MotherJones have you covered.  …
Steve Bannon: Trump “Broke The Chinese Communist Party” With Phase One Trade Deal - “It’s the beginning of the end of the managed decline of the US” “Trump has changed the entire center of gravity of the way even the elites have to thing about China”  …
Barbecue sauce from the Chinese really can’t be found nowhere else  …
SCOOP: Robert F. Hyde, the new guy in the Ukraine scandal, worked with a mysterious Chinese donor who gave $237,000 to Trump and the GOP. Please read, RT, like, and share.  …
Darkly hilarious to grow up w/ cold war & domino theory & lantern-jawed  haters only to end up watching Republicans running a franchise outlet for Moscow and the NZ National Party of NZ taking its talking points from the Chinese Communist Party.
“So let today be the beginning of a brighter future, more prosperous to the American people, the Chinese people, and the world,” said United States Vice President @Mike_Pence. The US and #China signed a much anticipated “phase one” #TradeDeal on Jan  …
The Chinese reps had to wait nearly 30 minutes (standing) while Trump high fived everyone in the room, without even acknowledging them. I think the Chinese delegation feels major disrespect.
I hope I'm not too late for #PortfolioDay! My name is Jayne Xiong and I'm a Chinese-American illustrator. My work consists of heavy line  and color. I like making things and drawing flowers as well. I'm available for freelance! 
WATCH – Bannon on CNBC: Trump ‘Broke the Chinese Communist Party’ with Phase One Trade Deal  …
They were not Chinese, Malaysian, Japanese, Sikh, Hindi, Mongolian they were Pakistani Muslim men who’s culture and religion allows and encourages this behaviour. Until we all, especially the media, face up to this we will not stop it.
 now has a technology to insert ads in *any* video even if it was initially with no ads. For example in Instagram 
Amazon/WalMart/Flipkart .. are not good for Indian economy ..they will and are pumping ....Chinese made products at cheapest possible rate.. Local manufacturing will vanish...
Six years ago, Chinese authorities raided Professor Ilham Tohti’s family home, where they seized his materials and arrested him. Since then, Professor Tohti has been serving a life sentence for his peaceful work to promote #Uyghur rights. 
