Couldn't agree more! Read the longish piece and the only thing missing was any level of response from our feckless, uncaring government. This is a crisis and nothing is being done because it might involve some strategy and tough negotiation with the Chinese. #trudeaumustgo  …
Yes Trump owed loans to German bank Russian bank Chinese bank Question should be what bank does he not owe?
The U.N. has already destroyed Europe with mass third-world immigration, has kept Africa from ever developing and in a permanent state of war, assisted  Chinese in its global domination plans, and drained our resources for NOTHING! GET OUT! CUT IT OFF AND LET IT DIE!
If there's one thing Donald Trump has been consistent about, it's loving war crimes as much as he loves gold-plated toilets and Chinese-made ties
Different "Asian" ethnic makeups have beefed with Arabs. Arabs have beefed with Africans. Arabs have beefed with Asians. See what the Chinese are doing to arab muslims. See what is happening to black Africans in Libya. Hell historically speaking, Arab enslaved blacks before Euros
Guzelnur Razik has been arrested by the #Chinese authority in May since 2017 because of visiting her daughter in 
This part of the thread is very, very, VERY important. It is often very easy to divide groups that would naturally stand together. And even though this "Courtney = Communist Chinese People" line is laughably ridiculous, it will work on some. We can't let it.  …
I'm not shy about my dislike for China's sick culture. So it's not enough that we've absorbed approx 10 percent of the populations of Mexico, El Salvador and Guatemala? Now we have to take tens of millions of Chinese?  …
Chinese paddlefish confirmed extinct:  …
all the kpop stans that ive met in my city are fucking weird like you know its not right to call korean ppl chinese but they still do that and it makes me so ??????? mad
All the arguments made against Trump's foreign policy are made by ignoramuses, lightweights, frauds, and psychos. Trump and the Saudis are actually making war obsolete. Why haven't the Chinese invaded Hong Kong? Why haven't the North Koreans fired off any REAL missiles?
*cough* Just a reminder that most ethnically Chinese people outside of China? Do not actually love Mao. Like, at ALL.  …
The Chinese government is providing limited information about mystery pneumonia outbreak in the country  … via @statnews
Please translate to Farsi and Arabic and put on telegram, and any Chinese apps - thanks.  …
IRGC-QF militia leaders move to Chinese Apps to avoid being targeted by U.S. intel & strikes - unaware of a recent trade concession where the Chinese have agreed to assist the U.S. in counter-terrorism operations following Soleimani's death.
A Chinese Barca fan got so excited and celebrated Espanyol equaliser scored by Chinese forward Wu Lei 
You’ve made a player whose name sounds like “woolen” carpet to score you Wu Lie de3 s3 anka he’s part of moleey moleey guys the last killers used to order them around in Chinese movies and he’s here scoring Barcelona
This lady just asked me: Are you Vietnamese? I said, no. Chinese. She said, oh yea you look Asian. She was Asian though
[INFO] 05.01.19 Charts Update - MelOn (Full Album) 3° #OBSESSION (+6) 7° - 14° B-sides 35° Obsession Chinese Vers. (+55) @weareoneEXO 
Life is precious! American, Iranian, Chinese, Mexican, Swedish, Nigerian and every race, religion, and nationality... their lives matter! Let’s all pray for peace.
The Nian monster from Chinese legend. 
Hong Kong being the conduit for US dollars to China (approx. 70%  in that way), and the #CCP desperately needing those dollars, works in Hong Kong's favor. The question is, does Hong Kong fall, or does the Chinese Communist Party fall? Freedom, warts & all, or tyranny.
LOL YOU HAVE TO VERIFY YOUR CHINESE CITIZENSHIP TO PLAY  …
I'm going to eat Chinese food and get lost in a book.
Just an irregular reminder: National have a MP who ADMITS to have LIED to Immigration, because the Chinese Govt told him to, about having trained at a spy and training others there. and MSM still say/ask NOTHING. #NationalNotFiitToGovern  …
Presentation is key and with Chinese cooking techniques up your sleeve, you can do anything, even turn a sausage into a flower! #ChinaStory 
I wonder how many dogs they will burn alive with blow torches before butchering. Sick fucks! P.S. Not all Chinese people, just those who torture animals to supposedly enhance their flavor. Sick fucks!!  …
A Chinese court sentenced He Jiankui, the researcher who shocked the global  when he claimed that he had created the world’s first genetically edited babies, to three years in prison for carrying out “illegal medical practices” 
Every day we are slowly creeping towards the dystopian future in Firefly where the American and Chinese control everything and oppress people brutally. On the upside, space cowboys.
Chinese Proverb: When you have had a toothache, you can understand how another person's toothache feels. ❖ Chinese Proverbs
A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives the rose. - Chinese proverb 
7 #trends that will define #China in the #2020s: Besides US-China tension, slower #Chinese economic growth, vertical integration and higher domestic consumption are all likely to have an effect on the rest of the #world. @Andrewkpleung, @SCMPNews:  
Xiaowen wanted to do  with me, in Chinese, and seemed a tad disappointed when I suggested that perhaps that wasn't going to work so well. Should be an interesting experience...  …
U.S.-Sanctioned #Chinese and #Russian Companies in Major Indexes and ETFs..ENOUGH IS ENOUGH stop funding their atrocities WAKEUP AMERICA 
World: No Chinese has ever scored Barcelona! Wu Lei: Here  ... 
ICYMI...the New Balance 997S ‘Chinese New Year’ dropped today via @ShoePalace  
Would this be the same Jian Yang who taught at a Chinese Military Intelligence School  …
She seems to have spent some of the last 48 hours or so finding similar "evidence" to prove Courtney Milan's critiques of Chinese content is wrong. Note: the Guardian published an article that said Davis decided to edit the Chinese content in that bk.  …
Man, I keep looking for that tweet you made about the Uighur people in those Chinese concentration camps and I can’t seem to find it. #Nike
In any event, please PLEASE take note of how WEIRD it is that numerous accounts are  up with the same baffling “Chinese person talking about racism is actually trying to oppress us all with Chinese Communist rule” story.  from somewhere.
Once they realize the  is inaccurate, I’m sure they’ll go back to Genghis Khan, the only other Chinese historical figure they’ve ever heard of.
She didn’t. If you go back to the original thread, you’ll notice I never said that Chinese women weren’t *oppressed*. I said they weren’t *submissive.* Huge difference there. Thanks.
Yang Bing, the creator of Lost Soul Aside, stated in an interview with Chinese media that his 2020 goal is to release the game before the end of the year. Also looking at considerations to extend the Lost Soul Aside IP beyond games. The game is part of Sony's China Hero Project 
1 - Wu Lei is the first Chinese player to score vs @FCBarcelona in  ever. Historic @RCDEspanyol #Derby 
The warning from the Pentagon was unequivocal: Military personnel should delete TikTok from all smartphones. Now, a number of United States military branches have banned the popular Chinese-owned social media app on government-issued smartphones. 
Myself, @birdarchist and @SallyMayweather, gorging on Chinese food at Hop Kee. 
"I hate America so much but I'm still gonna stay and reap the rewards while I virtue signal to the 'oppressed' from  of my safe and secure mansion bought with money from Chinese sweatshops." - Colin Kaepernick, probably
Lulu Wang just told the audience that the real Nai Nai knows the truth about her illness now because of a review of the film for the Chinese release. In China THE FAREWELL is titled DON’T TELL HER. Nai Nai knows #TheFarewell #GoldenGlobes
A Google employee says he was forced out for trying to protect free speech for Chinese citizens.  …
The number of mainland Chinese students in America grew by 276% over the past decade 
Adventurous Mouse on stone thinking and planning the future. Mouse - horoscope Chinese of year Second illustration of 2020. Hope like it! 
chinese men rly different
This would have a lot more intellectual heft if Steve Kerr had not already revealed himself to be a Chinese bootlicker  …
China's approach to religion in 2020: "A Chinese Catholic  "In practice, your religion no longer matters, if you are Buddhist, or Taoist, or Muslim or Christian: the only religion allowed is faith in the Chinese Communist Party."  …
It was a Chinese 18+ novel. They made it as a Bro-romance. Two leads boys had to express their all love, care and expression through their eyes. And they did it perfectly . Look at Yibo/LW face when XZ/WWX get injured. #XiaoZhan #WangYibo #LanWangji #WeiWuxian 
JK Rowling Googling “top 10 Chinese girls names” when creating Cho Chang 
Tomorrow at 6pm. There is a protest outside the Chinese Embassy for the Uyghur Brothers and Sisters. My words will never do the actual pain and suffering any justice.  down and if you can’t at least make dua for them. 
It almost feels like D-Day for Iran! Its so unfair that almost the whole world including the Russians Chinese EU and Revolutionary Guards are plotting against the interest of the Iranian people. Are only friends and supporters are US and Israel! Looking forward to the end game!
They don't fear Islamisation but they actually hate to look Malay promote their culture to other races while some of them proudly believe that study chinese calligraphy can promote unity. This is hypocrisy. Malaysian need to study Jawi cause it's their nation heritage.
Please do read this wide-ranging and illuminating account from ⁦ @KirstyLNeedham⁩ ⁦ @smh⁩ of her time in China. Thanks, Kirsty. The last line in particular resonated: “Chinese people – not the government – tell their nation's best stories”.  …
Yellow Mountain, famous Chinese tourist destination, now served by a high speed rail station. 
A protest organized by Hizb ut Tahrir Nederland in front of the #Chinese Embassy in the Netherlands. The protest is in response to the continuing terror campaign against our #Uyghur brothers and sisters by the Government of 
Chinese Proverb: Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are. ❖ #Chinese #Proverbs #Quotes
Shawoi what are you half chinese?  …
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi had telephone conversation with Iranian FM Zarif, French FM Jean-Yves Le Drian and Russian FM Sergei Lavrov.  
Saturday evening in for once. Reimburse the wine and chinese. findom 
Meet the Chinese Lumberjack Who Slept With an 10-foot-tall, 6-fingered Alien Woman  … via @alienufovideos
the Chinese space agency recently posted the data archive from their rover on the Moon's far side -- 38GB of hi-res images and other results. Here, @doug_ellison put together a great color image of the lander from the  …
"We are the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), and we approved this message"
First of all we don't have trillions of dollars, we are broke, we put it on our Chinese credit card. Second of all the number one priority of the Federal Government is the safety of it's citizens.  …
by the way, for intl fans of snh48 with no chinese bank account, this is a new thing on alipay called Tour Pass. it will give you a 90 day prepaid debit card from bank of shanghai that you will be able to load with funds from your own card. it should be pretty useful for you all 
Or millions of Muslims torn from their families in China and put in re-education camps? Is criticism of Chinese human rights abuses forever a topic no one associated with the NBA can discuss? And why? Is it possible to just state it is wrong?  …
If Adam and Eve were Chinese we would have been in Paradise because they would have ignored the Apple and eaten the snake
 editor Matt Yglesias says US must import 600M+ migrants to help 310M Americans  China. IOW, Americans must serve elites by giving up their only homeland. BTW, will he dare cap the #of Chinese migrants sent by Beijing? 
Chinese, Russian FMs discuss Gulf tensions, cooperation at UN Security Council over phone - Xinhua |   …
Fengfan Foo "Good evening from the 'New Fook Fur Moon' Chinese restaurant! We open at 7pm and close at 12:00am". 
Russia & Chinese FM's coordinate their response to the US assassination of Iranian general Soleimani & Iraqi military officers in Baghdad.  …
This is a very disturbing and horrific report. Not everyone should read it but everyone should know about it. Shocking that many people admire the Chinese system.  …
The dangerous US military operation in Iraq violates the basic norms of international relations - Yi Wang, Chinese Foreign Minister  …
Arabic translation of my demanding from the #Chinese government.  …
Still bowing down to the  Steve?
Overwhelming support at the UN General Assembly for Rohingya Muslims facing persecution by Myanmar. When will we  support for Uighur Muslims facing persecution by China. Does money give the Chinese government the right to massively detain Muslims with impunity? 
Chinese, Russian FMs discuss Gulf tensions, cooperation at UN Security Council  China and Russia should play a responsible role in properly handling the current situation in the Middle East: Chinese FM 
It is Frist protest in New year. I presenting OneManProtest in #Stuttgart, two Chinese came to protest said that USA kill millions Indians when they colonies, and I tald to them so that #Chinese can kill millions Uyghur in EastTurkistan? You mean you expect CCP killing Uyghur? 
the numidians were ORTHODOX. the zhang dynasty chinese were ORTHODOX. The Hojo Shogunate was ORTHODOX. Genghis Khan was ORTHODOX. The Kings of Unified Bhutan were ORTHODOX. Gore Vidal was ORTHODOX. The Maya were ORTHODOX. The Marquis de Sade was ORTHODOX. Cyrus was ORTHODOX.
chinese n.fias found this bye kmydays y'all are done for  …
and Lady Trieu fought the Chinese invasion of Vietnam and is quoted as saying, "I'd like to ride storms, kill sharks in the sea, drive out the invaders, reconquer the country, undo the ties of serfdom, and never bend my back to be the concubine of whatever man"
#China's erasure of the #Uighurs now includes the desecration of traditional #Muslim cemeteries, a charge the Chinese government doesn't bother to deny. #Beijing's treatment of the Uighur minority is straight from any of #Communism's  …
Under a long-term deal sealed by the Obama admin, a Chinese  was set to control the 2nd busiest container port in the U.S. In an unreported @realDonaldTrump admin victory, the Communists are out after a national security review. 
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials. - Chinese proverb 
An English teacher of mine (Indian) once asked me to join him in his English workshop at a Chinese School so I can help him a bit. There are Malaysian,Chinese and Indians. When we tried to form groups,the Chinese resisted since they want to stay with their own circles.
Wow!!! 25K active followers! If you still have less 50K followers at this point RT & drop your handle faster we all follow you!
You believe the Chinese government though, without even questioning it.
Chinese are unscrupulous in pursuing every opportunity to promote their kinship networks and race. They built China through outright reproduction of more babies than natives. CBC is anti-White, and is  in Chinese race supremacism over Richmond and Vancouver.  …
Weird how you simultaneously learned to trust the Chinese government on everything because they subsidize your masters in the NBA.  …
Crispy prawn toast is infinitely better when it’s homemade. Top slices of bread with a simple whizzed up prawn mixture, coat in sesame seeds and fry to golden perfection. You can have these ready in less than 20 minutes!  … #prawntoast #Chinese 
Winwin faced many hardships since his rookies days,he was the first Chinese who debuted after krislutao He got many hateful and  only trained for a year yet he made it,his korean was still not good _ #WINWIN4NNIVERSARY #4yearswithwinwin 
how’s your research on Chinese authoritarianism going? any update to 
such a nice article of Yoona it said how Yoona is garnering more attention in china and her popularity there is almost similar to "a class" actresses in china and her beating chinese actress in polls & that she truly best represents Korea.  …
He said that there is a need to take more steps for reducing the unemployment rate in the country. He further said that the inauguration of Chinese cars manufacturing plant in Pakistan is a proof that there are no security issues in Pakistan. 
#Topsun Motors Launched in #Pakistan Provincial Housing Minister Mian Mehmood-ur-Rasheed has said that Pakistan is progressing rapidly with the cooperation of #China, while  are taking keen interest for investment in the country 
*Except when  to believing the Chinese government concerning the issue of Hong Kong protestors...
A look at the history of the Chinese War sword, as seen on 
Chinese, French FMs discuss Middle East situation over phone  Unilateral use of force will not solve any problem but only backfire and lead to a vicious circle of confrontation: Chinese FM 
Another species bites the dust. Chinese paddlefish found in Yangtze is extinct. This was one of the largest freshwater fish. One more species went from planet within our lifetime !!  …
Chinese Doctor Discusses a Possible Case of Forced Organ Harvesting  …
The NPR piece missed this. The problem isn't one blue-eyed half-Chinese heroine. It started with the systemic, institutionalized segregation of Black romance into AA lit and elsewhere. Romances belong with Romance! The question now is if any of us belong with  …
So we're just ignoring that the Communist Party of India (Maoist) wrote a whole fucking thing detailing Chinese imperialism and neocolonialism in the Third World?  …
Russian, Chinese top diplomats stress that US strikes in Baghdad violate UN charter  …
Did anybody watch #NeZha Chinese animation movie? I loved it with all my heart! #AoBing was incredibly beautiful and I wanna treasure him 
Seven former Muslim concentration camp detainees give accounts of their respective ordeals at the hands of Chinese authorities. All had been sentenced for practicing Islam, including prayer, growing a beard or wearing a hijab. via DOAM. 
As Australian reporter is preparing to return home from Beijing, the Chinese movers reportedly tell her she can't take her 7-year-old son's cherished light-up globe with her...because it depicts Taiwan as a country.  …
Jangan kata Cina, Melayu pun ada yang refuse nak acknowledge tulisan Jawi ni. They refuse to believe it's just a writing style/system just like Chinese calligraphy. Aku pun tak faham kenapa.
Chinese State Councilor and FM, Wang Yi holds phone talk with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif. Wang says China will play constructive role in maintaining peace and security in Middle East and Gulf region while remaining objective and fair.  …
In 2018, Chinese graduate students received 13% of all science and engineering doctorates awarded by American universities 
If you want happiness for an hour — take a nap. If you want happiness for a day — go fishing. If you want happiness for a year — inherit a fortune. If you want happiness for a lifetime — help someone else. Chinese Proverb 
Chinese fans waiting to SJ arrives!! The banner: Super Junior  to Chengdu Ccto 
New Balance 997 Sport “Chinese New Year” dropped with free shipping BUY HERE:  
China is building hundreds of new coal fired power plants, and Bernie wants to cripple the US economy and energy supply - and thus give the Chinese a  advantage over Americans. 
Me: my 2020 goal is to learn at least basic Japanese, Chinese and Korean Someone: because it's useful for your future career? Me: lmao bcs I wanna read gay shit
Asuna Yuuki dressing Qipao to prepare for Chinese New Year Want this set? Then join my  from Tier 6 to Tier 8 of this month Also to get my SPRING GIFT (Sakura Miku set) #asunayuuki #SwordArtOnline #Qipao #Patreon #cosplay #sexy 
Indeed Senator Scott. Hong Kongers are sickening of the puppet authorities and Chinese officials which are unresponsive, unaccountable and oppressive. Hong Kongers will continue to fight for #5DemandsNot1Less regardless of change in 
A Chinese fansite of Yesung will put video in LED screen near to Chengdu fansign. It'll be in Zhengxi Building. This way cfans wanna show their support to Yesung tomorrow. #예성 #艺声 #Yesung 
China and Russia opposed the abuse of military force in the US- #Iran conflict, and agreed to strengthen joint strategic coordination to maintain international justice, during a phone talk between Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and his Russian counterpart Sergey Lavrov. 
YES!!! I have many Chinese friends here. You all should be acutely aware that stopping the US Empire in Iran is key to avoid a deadly spilling into Asia of the US vectors of death: color revolution, lies of mass deception, armed jihadists, sanctions and finally open WAR
While Australia burns, Jakarta floods and the Chinese paddlefish has been declared extinct. Will this apocalyptic start to 2020 be enough to convince world leaders that we are in a real emergency which needs real action? #ClimateCrisis #EcologicalEmergency 
Thank you winwin for all these 4 years i had so much fun as your fan I remember how much i was curious about you and your Chinese dancing I fell in love with your charms and talents,i love you and you are the best #WINWIN4NNIVERSARY #4yearswithwinwin 
"The dangerous US military operation [in Iraq] violates the basic norms of international relations and will aggravate regional tensions and turbulence." - Wang Yi, Chinese Foreign Minister  
Found a new place to get my usual dose of authentic Chinese food. Thanks @fremekwame for the  Got take 
Chinese Government bullied British-owned #CathayPacific by spreading white terror among its staff. Chinese authorities issued a severe aviation safety risk warning to force #CX to sack 32 staff for posting #antichina ideas on personal social media  …
[POLL] MIA's BIRTHDAY Mia's birthday is in 8 days! We need your help to choose the hashtag! What's your favorite one? Vote below! + If you like #.QueenMiaDay (chosen by Chinese fans), write it in  #EVERGLOW #에버글로우 #MIA #미아 #한은지 @EVERGLOW_twt
in case anyone needs (specifically chinese and korean learners): you can look up slangs in jikipedia (chinese) and naver open dictionary (korean), which are the equivalent of urban dictionary !!
Fiat 500 twitter racing to get their last Chinese order before WW3 breaks out 
Even in the classes i teach today, there are still some Chinese parents who would request for us to move their kids to a full Chinese class as the current ones are quite diverse. Yep, chauvinism.
”3” more days before the Made in China Model ”3” mass delivery in Tesla Shanghai Gigafactory “3” “3” is a very lucky number for Chinese has a meaning of : new born, life & healthy. 
If you’re worried about  dominating submissions to the ITU standards for face recognition, wait till we get to Moderation-as-a-Service. Especially if that  a legal shield. ‘Our social network uses a moderation service that meets ISOxxxx’.
Ad: LIVE via Shoe Palace New Balance 997 Sport 'Chinese New Year' =>  
The bigger question @mschlapp is why did @realDonaldTrump first consult with Putin and brag about the plan to guests at his golf hotel before the assassination? Do you recall that whole thing about the Chinese spy caught hanging out there? See why that's dangerous?  …
Nigerian bank sacks thousands on New Year's day. When some of these people get jobs as OPay agents, you  that "Chinese are taking over Nigeria". Okay, what is your remedy? How do you suggest we create jobs for them to feed their families?
Pakistan has imported 400,000 polio markers from India. They had cancelled an earlier order to China as the Chinese product was...well...China ka maal. We wish Pakistanis good health and happiness. @OfficialDGISPR please tweet about  …
UPDATE: Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi tells Iran that the US should not "abuse force"  
I request you to Tweet about Chinese atrocities against Uighur Muslims. Let’s build a global movement to expose China’s hand in the greatest Muslim genocide of all time. Use this hashtag #UighurLivesMatter
In the past 60 years, the 42,200 square kilometers of the MuUs Desert has been turned into an oasis by the Chinese. Another China-style miracle! Thank those who planted trees! They are real heroes! 
Candlelight Vigil for Zimbabwe Baby Elephants stolen from their home in the wild and sentenced to life and death in prison cells in Chinese zoos #ZimbabweElephants #ZimWildTrade #Vigil4Elephants #140ZimBabyElephants #Vigil 
The Chinese paddlefish, one of the largest freshwater species found in the Yangtze, has been declared extinct.  … "Dam-building, overfishing, busy water traffic and pollution have taken a toll on the river" Sounds like where we're heading to, no? #rivers
PISA Peculiarities: Why Doesn't Growth Mindset Work for Chinese Students? my post:  
The issue is when someone says that ALL Chinese women ONLY look down. Regular amounts of looking down...is just regular.
Sometimes we look down because we’re embarrassed or trying to hide laughter or whatever. Chinese women are whole people who use a variety of facial expressions.
Since some people seem to (willfully) misunderstand my point on Chinese women and looking down: Chinese women, like non-Chinese women, do in fact *sometimes* look down. This is necessary to avoid tripping on rocks, or to tie shoes, or to pick up things you dropped.
"Chinese fans are organizing  and like on Instagram, could you help us to like  this to let Changmin see our best wishes?" They are MAX CHANGMIN BAR and we need us to go and like   … #최강창민 
I was urged by someone to go back on the Mark Levin show, based on the research I had done (his corrupt financial ties with billionaires and the Chinese Communist brainwashing techniques he employs with his listeners in modern America).
These drones put on a dazzling New Year’s show on Chinese TV as an alternative to noisy fireworks 
Trying to eradicate Uighur Muslim culture in life and even in death: satellite images show the Chinese government has destroyed one million Muslim graveyards.  
Most EV oil displacement figures still assume they're almost all low mileage privately owned vehicles. Meanwhile Didi has almost a million EVs on its platform, and 63 Chinese cities have taxi fleet conversion targets. BNEF update on  later in Q1.  …
If @aaron_sarin, & Sir Geoffrey Nice QC's report, are accurate, the rest of the world has been turning a blind eye to staggering evil by the Chinese state.  …
Thanks Clive. Good luck with your plans for the biggest coal mine in the Southern Hemisphere and your future success with your Chinese business partners - the ones you spent $60 million telling us were a threat.
#Breaking: Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi spoke with his Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif on the phone and cautioned against #US abuse of military power, adding that it will not be the way out in international 
Ooo... apparently Ma Jia (Chinese singer) had a concert then he held a lucky draw there & Guanlin got picked to win a basketball jersey??? omg congrats??? 
Randos know about everything first - they were on his phone call about NK and in on his convo with the Chinese President. They were in on his tax cuts bill. What haven’t they been in on first? With trump,  with their hefty membership fee.
#Yesung on #Donghae ‘s live Y: I’m eating, have you guys eaten? (repeats in chinese) Y:  It’s all in english Y: Where are you? Y: Someone said ‘Where are you~’ (in a cute way!!) 
 that Moscow Mitch McConnell helped lift sanctions on and is dumping millions of dollars into Kentucky is now involved in a potential deal between a Kremlin-controlled bank and Chinese government. #MoscowMitch #MoscowBitch ⁦ @senatemajldr⁩  …
National Language is clearly defined as Bahasa Melayu. Jawi IS a writing system in Bahasa Melayu. So in a way it uphold the Federal Const. Most Chinese n Indians in Malaysia do tweets in their own languages and it is NOT Bahasa Kebangsaan. Fight ur logic, now.  …
BREAKING: I bring this report to you from Moon Base 1. The year is 2026 & the last nuke has been detonated, rendering Earth an irradiated wasteland. Johnson, Trump, Putin & the  bombed everyone... And that bastard Corbyn did nothing to stop it. Fucking antisemite.
idk how i feel about some of you on here treating yibos other projects as "gross" and bad because he plays a heterosexual man in them. sorry but.. as a chinese actor...... thats really what you are gonna mostly get jdhdn. like i get u have cql on the mind.. but
Update (4 January): China Coast Guard still operating off Natuna. Assume Chinese fishing fleet remains nearby. 
Awwww yesung said "have you eaten" in perfect chinese!!!!!!! 
Happy bday Chinese writer Gao Xingjian b 1940. “If you want to do anything, do it now,  or concession, because you have only one life.” “Literature transcends national boundaries, racial boundaries. It goes deep into the issues that concern all human beings.”
The first Indian king to give a befitting reply to t invaders The Undefeated who tasted victory everywhere he went One of the few who was able to capture C. Asia Chinese,Turkish & Tibetan legends refer to him as a great conqueror The greatest king in the Kashmiri history 
Do you all remember this? Rocket Girls Meng Meiqi & Wu Xuanyi dancing to WJSN - Dreams Come True (Chinese version). WJSN Meiqi & Xuanyi sunbae-nim must be proud of them. 
I find it rather ironic when the Malay-Muslims say the Chinese and Indians are being paranoid for believing the Jawi teaching is an Islamisation effort. Dear Malays, let me remind you of the following paranoia events that occurred in the last decade : 1/n
#ChiNazi is when — Chinese @Olympics Ski Team REQUESTED #Norway public library to “remove” #China-censored books as their training camp is nearby. “We have #FreedomOfSpeech in #Norway,” said library manager Anne Marken. #BoycottBeijing2022  …
Chinese paddlefish declared extinct:  …
jisung carefully repeated the chinese words after their translator and everyone clapped when  the sentence. then he said, "i received an applause for saying that.... nice! nice! im such a happy.... person " jisung is so adorable omg  …
#ChinaBuzz Chinese netizens have been discussing their plans on a rare day this year – 2020/02/02 – a day of "symmetry" in China's date format. The "20" is also homophonic with "love you" in Chinese. Many people plan to get married on this special day. 
Entertainment is money first, everything else later. There is a reason Hollywood blockbusters sound like Chinese propaganda these days. Money. If watching the trials & tribulations of black women makes baba money, Nothing will stop him as long as u Niggas keep paying
#SARS the deadly and highly contagious virus originated from #China. Came from infected animals, that were eaten by Chinese. ALERT! The recent pneumonia outbreak in Wuhan is likely to be SARS. But #Beijing denies, & claims situation is under control  …
ARMY : What means TaeTae oppa to Namjoon oppa RM : Tae means ‘Big’ and Hyung means ‘Going well’... Tae Hyung *RM answered with Taehyung’s Chinese letters meaning. Tae = 태 = 泰 (meaning : Big) Hyung = 형 =亨 (meaning : go well) 
K-one its have finally snapped & want payback. Chinese one its raising money for albums as revenge! International one its pledging to buy atleast 1 album. 1 MILLION ALBUM SALES FOR X1 HERE WE COME! 
Mysterious Chinese pneumonia outbreak being monitored by UN health agency 
"The long march" describes the strategy for establishing conditions for revolution: subverting society by infiltrating institutions such as the professions. The phrase "long march" is a reference to the  long march of Mao  …
Dear Iranians, I know you want to avenge. But revenge not always requires violence. In 1999, when China was weak, USA bombed the Chinese embassy indiscriminately. 20 years went by, China hasn't fired any missile at USA, but USA doesn't dare to attack the Chinese embassy anymore.
ten really said Chinese is the easiest language he learned....chinese.... his brain is just in a whole different level.  …
Chinese in Kenya have said they'd rather die on the plane back home than get admitted to Kenyan hospitals. They say healthcare in Kenya is expensive for nothing, patients are prone to misdiagnosis, and medical equipment outdated. Hope Nairobi doesn't ask Beijing for an apology. 
#ItsTheGreensFault that my robot vacuum sometimes starts all by itself and then speaks to me in chinese
It's nearly 10am and I'm craving Chinese, this can't be normal.
Indonesia boosts patrols after Chinese boat ‘trespasses’ in its waters 
Lookin soo chinese... 
Infographic showing how women applied their lipstick in various shapes over the course of Chinese history. More photos here:  
that’s funny considering chinese people were literally massacred in indonesia because of ideas similar to yellow peril  …
Wow. Tucker says we can't kill terrorists like Suleimani unless we kill Mexican and Chinese drug lords. He also says Trump is doing nothing about drug addiction.
The largest human migration on earth will be underway, attributed partly to the long-held tradition of the Chinese people to reunite with their families during the Chinese New Year.  …
In case you missed it: The Chinese scientist who created the world's first gene-edited children has been sentenced to three years in prison by a Chinese court. 
"The Opium War... remains a foundational trauma in China’s political and national consciousness & continues to represent the start of the Chinese people’s struggle to stand up as a strong modern nation." Julia Lovell FBA's @five_books on the Opium  …
Don't blink or you might miss it. Chinese smartphone brand OnePlus has a new prototype phone, the OnePlus Concept One, with a disappearing rear camera. Here's how it works:  
A   a key section of a mega sea-crossing in Brunei that links the capital Bandar Seri Begawan and Temburong district 
A total of 237 Chinese cities have started to practice garbage sorting: Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development. Laws, regulations and standard systems for garbage sorting will be established by the end of 2020. 
The anti-war left can suck my dick. If you constantly condemn American aggression but not Iranian, Russian, or Chinese aggression, you're not anti-war, you just prefer one evil over the other. And you're not moral, you're a coward.
About as illegal as liberal Chinese Language 'how to vote' posters in the colours of the AEC... we're in the end of times it seems.
Melissa, you support Yellow Peril. A White supremacist idea that people with Yellow Skin are a danger to the world. You agree with the Jakarta riots and all the other countless massacres of Chinese people throughout history. You are a racist.  
Japan’s former defense minister Takeshi Iwaya denied receiving money from a  involved in a casino bribery scandal 
During the '62 Indo-Sino war, there were stories of Chinese govt planting spies on our side to keep an eye on the movement of troops and sabotage our assets. Here are some stories that I managed  from books incldng Himalayan Blunder and other articles. THREAD ↓ 
Who are the smartest students in the world? The Chinese, according to an @OECD study of school-aged children in 79 countries. More via @business:  
Make sure your Viagra label says “Made in the USA.” We don’t want the Chinese or Russians meddling in our erections.
winwin: foreigner...something heart-fluttering for a foreigner? op: you can write it in chinese too winwin: happy new year op & winwin: 新年快乐~ (happy new year) winwin wrote, "my girlfriend (op's name)" (2/2)
Since I got your attention remember, we are not living alone in this country Stop being intolerable & start learning how to accept other cultures Malays chinese & indians, yes I’m speaking to you. Why buang when you can terima and learn more? I suggest we wajibkan every lang
This year after saying “hi” follow up immediately with what you want. We have Chinese loans to repay and don’t have time to waste
Police have issued a notice of no objection for the march in Sheung Shui this Sunday. The protest is held against parallel trading ahead of Chinese New Year, a high time for mainland shoppers and traders, which many local residents see as a nuisance. #HongKong 
They also won disc bonsang,world wide fan's choice, fave dance performer, GOT7 being the world wide and even international legends for they can speak dff languages such as korean, chinese, thai, english, japanese, german, spanish and many more.
200104 wayv fansign op: lucas i really like you lucas: thank you~ op: lucas, you said that love has no age. how's noona? is it still okay now? lucas: it's okay, noona is okay op: can you write, in chinese, the word  to mind when you look at me? lucas: 花 (flower) (1/2) 
In the next few years, Zimbabwe will improve again. This will be due to their new colonizers - CHINA - taking more control over more state resources. The new farm owners & food providers will be Chinese. In 25 years, there will be more Chinese living in Zimbabwe than Blacks.
We Chinese fans are not afraid of any potential conflicts.We love him,so we keep speaking loudly for him and supporting him unconditionally.He is really a hero in our heart so  can't tolerate any unfair judgments and treatments.  …
Causeway Books, a Hong Kong bookshop raided by Chinese authorities' agents in 2015 and the missing of its five staff pulled off an international scandal, is reopening in Zhongshan District, Taipei after Lunar New Year later this month, Lam Wing-kee said  …
Chinese food is really delicious, such as morning tea in guangzhou~~~ #블랙핑크 #LISA #리사 #BLACKPINK
Indonesia Steps Up South China Sea Patrols After Chinese 'Trespassing'  …
More than 100 Uyghur graveyards demolished by Chinese authorities in Xinjiang. Motormouth Spokesperson of @OfficialDGISPR and the ''Puppet'' PM of Pakistan @ImranKhanPTI has no time to talk about this very issue, but has enough time to spread fake news and videos on 
Please, just STOP IT with the Chinese lanterns and balloon releases! Balloon litter kills animals, and a Chinese lantern just burned down a zoo full of birds and primates.  …
Several essays circulating online in Chinese are in awe of what just happened with the killing of Soleimani. They suggest that Trump has remade the war game: with the ability to precision-kill generals, the value of foot soldiers has declined.
Many Chinese students have hostile environment training before heading off to university abroad 
when you realize you stan chinese kpop men and they dont have to serve for the military like the korean ones 
See you 
Indonesia’s military has stepped up naval and aerial patrols of the Natuna Sea area because of a rising number of Chinese fishing vessels in the region 
A Chinese library’s book-burning orgy echoes dark chapters in the country’s history 
Lucky you! Peacocks opening their fabulous feathers is an auspicious symbol in Chinese culture, and it may make your  true when you see it and make a wish. Make a #WishFor2020! 
oh look, a clown that believes Malaysian Chinese belongs to Mainland China is the "go back to your country" narrative still relevant in 2020 ???  …
While Tanzania exports to China is mere 4% of all its exports, Chinese  21% of all Tanzanian imports. Tanzania hasn’t really approached the Chinese market, Agricultural exports could be a starting point @TZEmbassy @XHNews ( Source:  … 
1,320-tonne bronze sculpture of Chinese general Guan Yu (d. 220 AC) in Jingzhou Park. 
The best time to plant a #tree was 20 years ago. The second best... ~Chinese Proverb #quotes #motivation 
dunno why I’m amused by their insta bios: ten’s now just has the “Artist” tag (no longer influencer??) lucas’s also says “Artist” but not in gray so I feel like he just typed in lol kun is a “Musician/Band” & also an Artist but check out his weibo bc he’s a Chinese Artist 
Chinese banks are state run so this gives the government insight into and potentialy influence over terrorist activity  …
We see the systematic destruction of Tibetan culture, traditional lifestyle and Tibetan religion by the Chinese Communist Party since its occupation of Tibet in 1949-50 The world leaders must stand regarding the cultural genocide in Tibet So please ; please help free #Tibet 
The killing of Soleimani has stirred some interesting debate in Chinese cyberspace. Some point fingers at the U.S. and wish for a Middle East conflict that would again leave China alone to develop... Others ponder the implications of precision targeting at generals...
In retaliation to the attack in Iran, Russian and Chinese hackers should hack into the student debt database and erase all files, that’ll really show us.
The recent U.S. air strike that Soleimani will send a strong message any of Iran’s allies as well as the Chinese regime, according to a China expert. It signals that AMERICA will take resolute action to deal with “bad actors. THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump
lol.. lots of my chinese and indian friends back in school days took tasawwur islam in spm and none of them converted. got one indian girl in my kampung, her father sent her to sek men agama and she didn't converted too. it's education not brainwashing or whatsoever duhh..
Despite the noisy extremists, Malaysia is very diverse, with lots of open minded ppl Growing up, I attended a missionary school in Kuching, SRB & SMK St. Joseph. There, I had close friends of all races, Malay, Chinese, Indian, Dayak, Bidayuh, Iban & more  …
China is the land of facial recognition. Understanding how it made this technology flourish is instructive The world’s two most valuable startups, Megvii and SenseTime, worth $4B and $7.5B respectively, are Chinese  specialising in the field. 
Chinese oppression of its Muslims is ignored. US elimination of Iranian general is accepted. But Hindu refugees to India getting more advantages than Muslim refugees is an outrage worthy of riots, though Hindus in Pakistan are deprived of all human rights. Secular logic today.
if i see u being racist,homophobic, sexist, ransphobic i’ll unfollow you because i dont like the way you think and i dont wanna keep seeing u rt bullshit stuff you should know better. stop asking chinese to go to their mainland because for fuck sake most of them born here
Chinese Beijing-Shanghai High Speed Railway Co Ltd, one of China’s most profitable rail lines, will issue 6.286 bln stocks through an IPO and raise funds of 30.63 bln yuan ($4.40 bln) at the Shanghai Stock Exchange on Jan 6, 2020, according to  statement. 
This #Chinese city's traffic is controlled by an #AI brain MT @marcusborba RT @mvollmer1 #SmartCity #ArtificialIntelligence #DeepLearning #DataScience #BigData #Analytics #MachineLearning #IoT #Tech #DigitalTransformation #SmartCities 
luhan’s new song next week!!! so excited (7th on Chinese platforms and 10th for international!) 
[Rumor] Yuehua girls will perform WJSN "Secret" chinese version for #qcyn2 eval 
I agree that Canadians owe them nothing. Not too long ago, the U.S. said that if North Korea released a nuclear bomb over Canada, they would not be obliged to protect Canada. I almost trust the Chinese & Russians more than Trump!
TikTok has released its first-ever transparency report amid continued suspicions of Chinese censorship 
Thank God they’ve only arrested Chinese spies there twice.  …
Don’t forget whatever Chinese national snuck their way in
Remember when RODENTS try to paint Blackpink Bar as Lisa biased and only show a selected portion of the video? Good thing a Chinese Lisa stan have a copy of the full video to debunk their narrative. It's cute how they try to paint Lisa as being a bias of any ot4 fanbase.  
 completes Brunei's largest bridge construction project, which would  "a new landmark," according to official  
2020 is the Year of the Rat. Here is my beloved rat, Cozmo that passed away last year. He’s in the stars. Here’s the rabbit also as part of my Chinese zodiac series. 
If Mar-a-Lago isn’t crawling with Chinese and Russian spooks and electronic surveillance every time T is there, then they are even more  than he is.
Which cartoon? The CCP propaganda cartoon? Are you for real Dato’? And he has left the party before that right? The question should be why then was he offered govt post. And stop defending a racist, which he is, just because he’s chinese.  …
Only two #Hollywood movies have made it to #2019ChinaTop10BoxOffice #AvengersEndgame at No.3 #FastAndFuriousHobbsAndShaw at No.10 The rest are all Chinese movies..
In a reprise of Soviet-era tactics, Chinese authorities forced this woman into a psychiatric facility after she splashed ink on a poster of China's Pres Xi Jinping in a live-streamed protest on social media.  
Not many things unite Malaysians but one of those is the refusal to pay condo maintenance fees. Malay Chinese Indian Punjabi all united in pretending the bills no need to be paid
no matter where i go in the world chinese & pizza will  to NY like wtf
#cnn #foxnews #hannity Can't trust Congress to keep a secret! Unfortunately the world is too dangerous to call Congress & wait for them to respond. Remember Wasserman-Schultz probably had a foreign spy as her IT guy. Feinstein had Chinese spy working for her. Rogue CIA/FBI Also!? 
So the Chinese knew before Putin did. He’s gonna be mad!
Under a long-term deal sealed by the Obama admin, a Chinese  was set to control the 2nd busiest container port in the U.S. In an unreported @realDonaldTrump admin victory, the Communists are out after a national security review. 
Do I want to go out and get drunk and spend 50 dollars on bottom shelf vodka or stay in, order 50 dollars of Chinese food and wrap myself so tightly in a weighted blanket I  a human burrito
#China: Giant #Chinese #Paddlefish dubbed the 'Panda of the #YangtzeRiver' is declared #Extinct due to #Overfishing and #HabitatLoss. There were only 210 sightings between 1981 and 2003, when the last live specimen was  …
On Far Side of the Moon, Chinese Lander and Rover Hit One-Year Mark  
Watching Empire of Dust again, probably the 4th time I have watched this documentary. It speaks to me on such a fundamental level, this poor chinese guy surrounded by  who just wants the gravel to get his job done. Gonna share some screencaps 
Wonder how many went into the market at this time knowing defense and oil stocks would go up. Think about it. Just like the Chinese tariffs.
Indonesia boosts patrols after Chinese boat ‘trespasses’ in its waters 
This is outrageous. What is this guy trying to say? Is he accusing those students of espionage? Is he agitating for the expulsion of Chinese students from the US?  …
Iran uses Bank in China to fund Terrorist N.Korea uses Bank in Macau and China. Time to Decouple Chinese Banks from USD S.W.I.F.T system! Maybe after signing Phase 1 Trade Deal. #China_is_terrorist #maga  …
Sunday is your last chance to see "The Allure of Matter: Material Art from China" before it closes on January 5. The exhibition features 21 of the most influential Chinese contemporary artists working today, highlighting experimentation with unconventional materials. 
"That a  has designed an ai chip which performs as well as, or better than, its  should alert American politicians and innovators to China’s progress in this area." 
Just as it is in China where Mandarin-speaking foreigners are still viewed as an oddity, it's the same in African countries when Chinese migrants speak the local language. Check out Apaya Chen's fluent Tswana introduction to Rema Africa's new music video.  …
Chinese paddlefish of the Yangtze River declared extinct 
The list of 董思成-Sicheng-WINWIN Fan dance (version 1)  … Fan dance (version 2)  … cut of solo dance - 190413 Happy Camp  … Chinese dance   
Ways to lose weight quickly: 1. Heartbreak; 2. Revenge; 3. Sickness; 4. The suspicious Chinese tea on the bottom shelf in Massy that only has the words “slim tea” in English marked on it.
You are bold and powerful. You were willing to take a camera crew to reveal a black jail in #China which is used to repress Chinese citizens. Inside China's secret 'black jails' @AJENews 
You’re the most racist Chinese person I’ve seen, apart from some other Chinese people in Australia I’ve met. You promote American imperialism and war. You  with American foreign policy and its murders.  …
Some of Donald Trump's aides argued for severe restrictions on student visas for Chinese nationals 
As Chinese New Year approaches, meet the master incense makers. 
Someone on Twitter just called me America’s “house chink.” He was Chinese. I generally encounter more race-based attacks from ethnic Chinese than from any other group of people. While no one should use racial slurs, this makes me extra disappointed.
The largest cat on earth, Amur Tiger, or as Chinese call it “Dongbei Hu” Northeast Tiger. Good to see they still rule their turf  …
Chinese students can get 7 years in jail for cheating in an exams.
US universities are  increasing numbers of Chinese students (and their tuition payments). Those universities should make clear they do NOT  Beijing's efforts to impose censorship about sensitive China-related topics such as the Uighurs.  
But the thing is Sameera you're not. You are a  puppet who denies the uyghur genocide and supports the murderer Bashar AL Assad ki*ling innocent Syrians and justifying it by saying that they're terrorists. Give it a rest luv.  …
Professor and students from China's Tsinghua University invent robots that can play Chinese traditional instruments. Watch their performance! 
I believe in both Astrology and the Chinese Zodiac, which makes me a virgin from the Year of the Cock
Major story here today from Reuters. Know who else uses Chinese State owned banks? Major GOP donor Sheldon Adelson. Say it with me, China is not the West's friend H/t @xtrixcyclex cc @thespybrief @MichaelDanbyMP @DaveSharma @LouiseMensch  …
This is an amazing Chinese cookie fortune. 
7 Chinese-language media organisations from NZ attended. @geoff_p_wade can you please tell us which  …
#AfroAsia group meeting in NYC Jan 7 • join us for talks by profs @taoleighgoffe @QuitoSwan @racewomanist @minkmak topics ranging from the Black Pacific, Korean War, black solidarity in West Papua, Afro-Chinese Cuban art and internationalism email for guest list 
I am sincerely thankful for the ⁦ @nytimes⁩ bringing attention to this outrageous example of persecution of a Chinese pastor by his government. Pastor Yi should be released immediately. His imprisonment is unjust, but we remember him (Heb. 13:3).  …
Lil sas can have a little Chinese food as a treat before he returns to college
The U.S. military has banned its members from using TikTok, signaling increasing concern about possible security risks related to the popular video app’s Chinese ownership 
Question and Answers session ~ Reply with tagline #WinnerSid  ka mobile use krte ho? (Chinese brand bhi hai to b btao)
I came to Korea to study Chinese  …
These drones put on a dazzling New Year’s show on Chinese TV as an alternative to noisy fireworks 
Tongli Town is located on the eastern shore of Taihu Lake, just 18 km from Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province of China. It is a well preserved water town with more than 1,000 years. It is a really wonderful travel destination where you can experience traditional Chinese culture. 
“Assange has been working, knowingly, w/Russian intelligence since the days of KGB; that he has been funded by outlets working for Russia; that the ‘Chaos Computer Club’ is offshoot of GRU, best considered as contractors to Russian &Chinese intelligence”  …
Giant Chinese paddlefish dubbed the 'Panda of the Yangtze River' is declared extinct due to overfishing and habitat loss One more, gone forever The human locusts Will stop at nothing 'They' are The greatest threat, to our rock Barring none~ 
How, in the world, do the Chinese make a shirt in China, ship it to SA and still have that shirt retailing for less than US$1?  …
Hulk for Shanghai SIPG: 124 Games 68 Goals 53 Assists Reports suggest that the Brazilian could be joining @Wolves from the Chinese Super League club. Beast mode doubled. 
Wow! You discussed with Lavrov & the Chinese - BUT NOT CONGRESS??!! Do Vlad & Xi anticipate the "rapture," too? #Traitor
Ilhan Omar really shouldn't be reducing Soleimani to a mere "foreign official." Along with the likes of Assad and the Myanmar and Chinese regimes, Soleimani was one of the world's leading mass murderers of Muslims 
200103 @layzhang - Daniel Wellington Official Flagship Store Limited Update 3P : Chinese New Year 2020. #producerLayZhang #LayZhang #ZhangYixing @lay_studio 
How the Truth Disappears: Chinese Censorship and My Film ‘One Child Nation’  …
For all my ‘96 babies. 2020 is the year of the rat for the Chinese New Year. (Same as 1996) The Rat symbolizes wealth and surplus... SO LETS GET IT
“The untamed (cql/mdzs) is a chinese drama based around two characters, wei wuxian and lan wangji, who are soulmates. There are 50 episodes, but don’t let that scare you, it’s honestly not enough. You can find it on Netflix and Youtube.” 
DISNEY & GUCCI UNVEIL CHINESE NEW YEAR CAPSULE COLLECTION  [ @Disney 
America doesn’t care about Iraqis, Iranians, Kurds, Ukrainians, Americans, Chinese or any other ian, ese or an. America cares about Jesus, Oil, Money, Stupidity and Sex. Once you embrace that fundamental truth things  less confusing.
Thanks for your solidarity and stand with Uygurs! We are not alone! We won’t be stop for fight against the Chinese atrocity!  …
And the President just spoke with Putin - while I am reticent to suggest another DT/ VP call, the Russians and Chinese are key players here.
Testimony - 7 Muslims imprisoned by Chinese authorities and sentenced up to 16 years for practicing #Islam, from wearing the #Hijab to praying. (English at 5.27) #Uyghurs #EastTurkestan #Xinjiang #Kazakhstan #Chinazi 
Chinese aggression against Japan or Taiwan, or aggressive North Korean acts against the South backed by China are far more likely to ignite a larger global conflict than the Iran situation. I mean Russia invaded Ukraine and everyone just kinda shrugged.
Ppl are praising Marvel and Disney for this decision Meanwhile im waiting for the chinese release and cant wait how many of them will backpedal.... When will ppl learn  dont "fight for you" Its just business....... 
The Chinese gov't is scrubbing mentions of the Oscar-shortlisted doc 'One Child Nation,' about China's brutal one-child policy, from all media  …
Born Today, Jan 3, in 1905, Anna May Wong - 1st Chinese American Movie Star... over 60 roles including Thief of Bagdad 1924, Peter Pan 1924, Shanghai Express, Bombs Over Burma...  
Mitch McConnell's Wife Committed Ethics Violations Related to Her Trump Cabinet Position and Her Family's Chinese Company; Could Now Face Serious Consequences | TPL News  …
Standing on a floating bamboo pole, this Chinese girl sure does master the art of balance! 
ten doing a chinese tongue twister vs wayv’s loud reaction 
I looked up the Chinese zodiacs for Cloud, Barret, Tifa, and Aerith. Cloud: Tiger- Brave,  Barret: Rat-Quick-witted, resourceful, versatile, kind Tifa: Rabbit- Quiet, elegant, kind, responsible Aerith: Ox- Diligent, dependable, strong, determined
EPIC RPG GIVEAWAY This week, we’re featuring Chinese RPG Sword & Fairy 6 on PS4... For a chance at 1 of 5 codes: Follow Retweet Tag a friend Drawing 11pm EST Jan 6th Can’t wait? Sword & Fairy 6 is 65% OFF for PlayStation’s Holiday Sale! 
"One Child Nation, the documentary about China’s one-child policy that I co-directed with my friend Jialing Zhang, is included in this year’s Oscar shortlist, but no Chinese publication has made any mention of it." 
America is unsettled by the prospect of Chinese technological advances that might erode its geopolitical dominance 
Even ordinary details were thrilling to read—like tasting mooi, a Chinese preserved salted plum that Stacey Lee describes in Outrun the Moon: “The mooi sets off all the water sprinklers in my mouth, sour and salty all at once.” via @BookRiot  …
Chinese Apple and White Carrot as they are called. Two things peculiar to Gembu that you will see here, everywhere. The Chinese Apples tastes more like garden egg than an apple and the White Carrots tastes pretty bland but both are good munchies. 
Chinese undergraduates are a large and important population in American higher education that educators often know little about. Yingyi Ma's Ambitious and Anxious explains what these students hope to gain by obtaining an American undergraduate degree. 
Congrats to the Chinese Communist intel operatives who probably knew about this operation before the rest of the American government b/c they pay $200K membership fees to Mar-A-Lago  …
Top 8 Most Spoken Languages in the World Mandarin Chinese (1.1 billion speakers) English (983 million) Hindustani (544 million) Spanish (527 million) Arabic (422 million) Malay (281 million) Russian (267 million) Bengali (261 million)
Indian takeaway over a Chinese take away all day long
Me when I see a Chinese soldier in my scope  …
Chinese Takeaway £54 (6 people) 04-00-04 32921906
trader joes sells all their chinese food under the name Trader Ming and we still just shop there
Quilted uppers arrive on the Nike Air Max 720 818 for Chinese New Year  
Famous city of gardens, Suzhou. Ancient capital of Wu Kingdom (11th century BC - 473 BC) in Spring and Autumn period. There’s a Chinese saying: “Heavens above, Suzhou and Hangzhou below” 
Probably a Chinese team
"Mexican Egypcian, English Korean!" "CHHCHCHCHFHCJJCHCHJCHCHHCHCHCHHCHCHCHH- UGH VHCHHCHF CHINESE" "THE BOTH OF YOU! Come on, try harder!"
Happy New Year! The year of the rat is good for finances. According to my horoscope (my chinese sign is the goat), I can gain a lot of money, but I need to be careful on spendings. I did a rat dragon to celebrate and bring good fortune! He's blue because it's the year's color. 
Prague Major @ZdenekHrib tells @FT about how he is blackmailed by  
YG’s Chinese trainees are just wow 
P45: "Ice cream and meatloaf, with plenty of pork, is a  But it's even better with an explosion added, believe me. I love to lick explosion popsicle with my Chinese allies. But I never invite my enemies, the dems. They won't lick my popsicle."  …
Whats your Chinese Zodiac Sign 
Publishing and art friends: I'm looking for a Chinese-American illustrator for a potential  graphic novel project. Send me your faves?
foodcourt chinese food is my weakness 
A terrorist who killed over 600 Americans & had plans 2 kill more is dead!What's the problem? Nothing leaked, plan was successful! Would it have been successful if they were informed? Feinstein hired a Chinese spy, Wasserman & Dems hired Awan Brothers! See any problem there?
#NankanaSahib 1.Attack on Nanakasahib. 2.Danish Kaneria Hindu controversy. 3.Atrocities on Uighurs muslim in China. 4.Christian girls are being sold to chinese. But Imran wants to tweet on CAA. Wow ! #TerroriststatePakistan #CAA
I keep seeing year of the rat celebration posts so I just wanna let y’all know that if ur an actual rat in the chinese zodiac, this is your jinxed/bad luck year so ur supposed to be extra careful! year of the rat does not mean good luck for rats, westerners
Chinese paddlefish, native to the Yangtze River, declared extinct by scientists:  …
Xi is torturing and murdering Chinese citizens and then selling their organs. Should we assassinate him? Putin murdered thousands of Russians, Ukrainians and Syrians. Should we assassinate him? Political assassinations will beget political assassinations. Brief the Congress.
I wish Cyril can read this. The Chinese  and they don't take no shit from anybody. Even though it is not their country.  …
Sitting in latrine of Bangalore Mail and tweeting about Chinese investments in Africa, Shia militia in Middle East, Russia's Look East Policy etc etc..  …
Great Move .. India can’t simply  a dumping ground for Chinese of its substandard products.  …
hello... i wanna make a gc it’s mainly for bts stans but anitwt n chinese gays r  - please rt or like to join - be active or ill eat ur toes - open dms!!
In Uyghur villages, people who are not detained are forced to do unpaid free labor by the Chinese government. Most of the work they were forced to do is useless and ridiculous like this: 
Protest: support the #Uyghur Muslim people! China: respect human rights! Close the concentration camps! End the persecution! VIGIL: 6pm-7pm, Sunday 5 Jan, Chinese Embassy, London W1B 1JL More INFO:  FOLLOW & SUPPORT Uyghur activists in UK 
Looks like we're about to find out if @realDonaldTrump and his family have direct ties with Michael Esposito who lobbies for various Chinese National interests. #Trump denied knowing him...
South Africans, please be aware. Chinese loans  cheap and the #ANC is going to be be borrowing lots of money from #China. Our new colonizers will be the Chinese.  …
"touch me like one of your chinese swords" Krish, 2020 
It's rare that Lisa's Chinese fans share their problems with us here on Twitter but they did it today. They got angry.
The Chinese needed malaya.Malaya never needed the Chinese 
You want foreigners out of your country but you order Chinese or Indian food every 2nd night
Sorry to interrupt your regular programming but there’s a new vegan Chinese restaurant in Taipei with this interior. 
More than 100 Uyghur graveyards demolished by Chinese authorities, satellite images show - CNN  …
@narendramodi ji not only can't students study science in their mother tongue, the Indian Patent Office allows patents only in English. Meanwhile China is leading the world in AI patents, using Chinese. How many Indians think in English? We kill talent.  …
An affront to one American university should be taken as an affront to all, says @RoryTruex, who suggests "an outpouring of events on #Tibet or invitations for the Dalai Lama" in the face of Chinese coercion:  …
The Muslim world must not be misled by Western media which intentionally misreported & distorted the truth, accusing China of oppressing Xinjiang Uyghur with religious & ethnic motives. Learning Chinese is to ensure Uyghur minority not excluded from mainstream, not Sinicization.
Hold up. Millions. Dude killed a lot of people but hes not a member of the Chinese Communist Party.  …
The spectre of a debt trap is false.The factual position is that Chinese infrastructure loans have not led to the forfeiture of a single valuable asset abroad. The US view is based on biased study. #CPEC Read  …
#MarALago has had at least two infiltration attempts by Chinese intelligence operatives (that we know about) and it is unclear what secure facilities exist at there.
Some disturbing images were found inside what could be the “SARS” in #wuhan #china where we can see dogs and cats are being sold to Chinese for eating  
VTB is also looking for Chinese investment in an aluminum and energy group (called EN+) that in turn controls Russia's mega-conglomerate aluminum producer Rusal. That's  that is investing more than $200 million in an aluminum mill in Kentucky.  …
You stated in your bio "First and biggest Chinese BLACKPINK fanbase" and I think you should remove it. How are you gonna be the "representative" of chinese fans when you dislike Lisa, who is one of the member of BLACKPINK. @BLACKPINK_Bar
The most-cited paper in AI research over the past five years was authored by 4 Chinese researchers from Microsoft's lab in Beijing. Now, all of them have left Microsoft. Who benefitted and who lost out from this talent flow?  …
Lilies everyone use this profil picture to support our girl for her first Chinese show!!!! 
Giant Chinese paddlefish is declared extinct due to overfishing and habitat loss. I wonder why the Chinese govt didn’t to save the paddlefish like they did the panda? Perhaps these fish weren’t as loveable as pandas? @_AnimalAdvocate  …
Me explaining to my parents that not every asian guy or girl you see is chinese and there are many ethnicities 
#NankanaSahib 1.Attack on Nanakasahib. 2.Danish Kaneria controversy. 3.Atrocities on Uyghur muslim. 4.Christian girls are being sold to chinese. But Imran wants to tweet on CAA. Wowww...
How so? Is it because Chinese and Japanese people tore my people apart for centuries at a time raping, kidnapping, slaughtering, enslaving or is it bc you don’t know anything about Korean history?  …
Tracing the footsteps of Chinese President Xi Jinping in rural China. Find out how villagers' livelihoods have changed over the past year 
America worries Chinese students could  spies. China worries time overseas encourages dangerous levels of democratic idealism 
You know you see videos of artists at Chinese Laundry in Sydney and the crowd are going nuts? It’s no lie, what the ACTUAL FUCK. They knew all the dubplates, they went fuckin ape shit...energy through the roof. Literally one of the best shows in my 10 years, no question
Chinese universities know not to criticize the government, which is why authoritarian leaders like Orbán prefer them over real universities like @CEUhungary -- and @EPP is fine with it  …
Errr. Nearly all of my Chinese & Indian colleagues do write in Chinese & Indian on their Twitter, Facebook & Instagram. Sometimes they add on a bit of English when they feel like it. And I don’t have any problem with that. (But it’s just me? IDK)   …
#GOT7's gorgeous multitalented #JacksonWang  the first Chinese Male Artist to star on the cover of 'Flaunt Magazine'! @JacksonWang852 @GOT7Official #JacksonWangXFlaunt  
Agenda: 1.Detailed insight of Pak Army Chief Extension 2.Pakistan is ready for Ghazwa-e-Hind? India too? & China? 3. Pakistanis tortured&deported from Malaysia & Turkey 4. Chinese influence in Pakistan 5. Tipu Sultan  
Everytime  to power in MP they help some Anderson abscond, “MP Pollution Control Board has agreed to a proposal from a Chinese firm to replace its 5 foreign directors with an Indian official as an accused in a case of violation of env laws.”  …
Are you familiar with General Suleimani? TRUMP: Yes...I always get that dish. I say no MSG tho. Too salty.  too salty sometimes. The Chinese make it too salty. I tell them, less salt.
And Luhut Pandjaitan, Jokowi's super minister, is saying "we shouldn't make a big deal of Chinese coast guard presence. After all, we don't have enough ships to patrol the area".  … (He's in charge of maritime affairs and investment inc BRI projects)
Some thoughts on the latest Chinese encroachment of Indonesian waters (Natunas' EEZ) For those hoping for "the straw that broke the camel's back" moment in Indonesia-China relations, be prepared to be disappointed.
At some point, we are going to talk about  fascism that assumes that ethnically Chinese people align themselves with the Chinese government no matter what actual signs exist as to their actual allegiance. But not today.
It would be funny if I had written a book where the Chinese heroine had been granted asylum because her family had been persecuted and tortured by the Chinese government because of their religious beliefs, and this formed the basis of her trauma.
The SofS briefed a Chinese Politburo member but not the US Congress.  …
The Chinese government’s decision to explore its own virtual currency is already monumental, and if it ultimately moves forward it will be a global game changer. The future of global currencies may very well rest firmly in China’s hands.  …
You're saying this as though they never tweeted in Chinese and Tamil.  …
Glad to hold the press conference today and meet with our Nepali media friends! Looking forward to working closely with you to spread our friendship further! FULL TEXT of the Chinese President Xi Jinping's 2020 New Year speech  
2. The link between the Presidency, Mupereri & the State Security Minister Owen “Mudha” Ncube  by this letter written weeks later by Mudha violating a court order against Mupereri’s invasion of Gaika Minie owner by Chinese, British & a Canadian investor. RULE OF LAW! 
In a great step, @CMOGuj banned the sale, supply or use of #Chinese Manja or plastic thread & sky lanterns as #uttarayan approaches. This fatal manja damages the environment & can injure people & birds. @vijayrupanibjp @vnehra @Nitinbhai_Patel  
It's shameful that Chinese students at a US university felt the need to wear face masks (to avoid retaliation from Beijing) to hear a speaker from Hong Kong's pro-democracy movement.  
Jaejoong became a chinese model named Peter weighing 87kg and standing tall at 186cm in a c-drama called 身为一个胖子 aka Love the Way You Are He is even taller than Changmin 
The whataboutism is strong with Moscow. Interesting to see both the Russian & Chinese Foreign Ministries condemn the attack on Soleimani. Galactic assholes in cahoots, what are they? cc @thespybrief @john_sipher @TheRickWilson  …
Judicial Watch - Trump Rids Major U.S. Container Port of Chinese Communist Control -  … WHY DIDN'T WE KNOW ABOUT THIS. @POTUS IS KEEPING US SAFE ONCE MORE. WINNING!! OBAMA REALLY DID HATE ALL OF WE THE PEOPLE!!
Nobody would be stupid enough to support the idea of droning the Chinese or Russian president on "he's a bad guy, so much blood on his hands" type logic. Everyone saying this re Soleimani is pretty implicitly making the calculation that doing this is worth the consequences
Anna May Wong, the first Chinese-American movie star, was born 115 years ago today in Los Angeles (Piccadilly 1929) 
Go ahead tweet in Chinese and Tamil. No one's stopping anyone. But care to read High Court of Penang's decision in rejecting GERAKAN's appl against Govt for introducing Jawi. Held : Jawi is part of Bahasa Melayu, Bahasa Kebangsaan. Aligns with National Language Act 1963/1967.  …
“Lover” is the best selling international album of 2019 in China. It ranks at #2 in Chinese Digital Album Year-End chart. (Excluding singles and EPs). It gained ￥30M and 1.49M copies. 
If I publicly burn Koran, there will be protests all over Muslim world. Yet, millions of Muslims are imprisoned in China, 100s of 1000s of Muslim women raped by Chinese, 100s of 1000s Muslim children stolen by Chinese, culture destroyed and Muslim world is quiet. What hypocrisy.  …
Beijing in 2019 enjoys the best #air condition since 2013 with the annual average concentration of PM2.5 standing at 42 micrograms per cubic meter, according to the Chinese Ministry of Environmental Protection. 
I am not happy he stayed there but I believe he knows what he's doing, he's not a child! His studio is managing all his activities so  I believe is only 'on paper' anyways I wish I could do more and defend him from Chinese netizens but I can't do much!
Im trying to imagine if China invaded Mexico then Canada (as the US did to Iran by invading Iraq/Afgh) sanctioned the US, wrecking its economy then when the US responded by  a regional power via proxies every Chinese pundit became a sanctimonious scold about US aggression  …
200103 @itisDW Weibo Update : new happy Chinese new year poster #producerLayZhang #LayZhang #อี้ชิง #张艺兴 #Lay #Yixing #ZhangYixing #레이 #レイ #장이씽 @lay_studio 
Latest for @dw_chinese - After Norwegian media’s initial report about the Chinese ski delegation’s request for a library to remove a sensitive book about Falun Gong from its shelf, I asked @patrickpoon why foreign governments should pay attention to this  …
"The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." Chinese Proverb #QuietTime
Happy Year of the Mouse from #Gucci. Celebrating Chinese New Year with the #DisneyXGucci collection, shot by photographer and director #HarmonyKorine in Disneyland. 
200103 @itisDW weibo update that Chinese new year limited watch will be released by 6th. Jan. And 300 limited gift pack will be available on Tmall in the same time. Good luck #LayZhang #Yixing #张艺兴 #장이씽 #레이 #レイ #อี้ชิง 
the translator told jaemin to say congratulations (gongxi) but jaemin said gongxifacai which was a chinese new year greeting... 
Remember they were caught red handed... 3 Chinese nationals acquitted in ATM-skimming case due to lack of evidence 
Chinese model Bingbing Liu by Jiaji Jin in ‘Named Red‘, InStyle China (January 2020) 
Saw the Chinese posters of Kristen’s movies here in Ximending, Taiwan can’t wait to watch it!!! 
Chinese court sends strong signal by punishing He Jiankui and two colleagues. 
Gen Bakshi (retired) confesses that they are beaten by Pakistan Army several times and credit goes to them for teaching us how to fight a war. Also praises Chinese army for kicking them during 1962 war . #PakistanArmy 
If Chinese buyers newly qualify for a $3500 subsidy on $tsla purchases, and then $tsla further cuts prices by $4600, we don’t have “passing along a new subsidy”, we have Tesla flailing to move metal. @cnbc Subsidies get eliminated this year, $tsla will further cut price
So after spending the last few days talking to (giving a heads up, coordinating with?) Israel, UAE and Saudi, Pompeo called the British, German and Chinese foreign ministers today - AFTER the fact. No call to the French. Or to US Congressional leaders. #Soleimani
Then whats the big deal of having jawi written on textbooks? It’s a multicultural country like what you have said. If we can respect the chinese and indian, why cant they? Are they living in 1940s?
The London-Shanghai Connect is really a perfect example of the worst of Chinese financial integration/opening up: the substance is almost totally lacking, given the existence of the HK Connect, and its only use so far seems to have been to try and threaten/punish a foreign govt.
Imagine if Lisabar won't get ticket for CONFERENCE that LISA will attend..... IT'S LISA'S CELEBRATION and her biggest Chinese fanbase can't even attend... WTF blackpinkbar?????
The Chinese Foreign Ministry urged relevant parties, especially the United States, to remain calm and restrained to avoid further escalating the current tensions in the Gulf area  
Mnangagwa is a begger and therefore can't choose, the Chinese would take full advantage of this and generations of Zimbabweans will pay dearly.  …
[TRANS] 200103 Owhat Weibo Update TEN Cut P1 W: The next question is for our Ten-hyung. If you want to unlock a new ability, what would it be? T: Violin! W: Oh violin (in Chinese) is it? It suits you. … #TEN #李永钦 #텐 
As concern spreads about China's detention of one milion Uighur and other Turkic Muslims for forced indoctrination, Jordanians participate in a protest in front of the Chinese embassy in solidarity with the victims. 
Did Pompeo brief U.S. Congressional leaders before briefing Chinese leaders?  …
Reuters, The WSJ, FT and Bloomberg say the London-Shanghai Connect has been halted. Chinese regulators say it has not. Ultimately we wouldn't know if it's been halted or not, because it barely exists. One listing in 6 months. A total white elephant.  …
jisung is so cute he was searching for renjun and jaemin in the game but instead of calling them in korean he called them gege-deul, mixing chinese and korean 
I spoke today with Chinese Politburo Member Yang Jiechi to discuss @realDonaldTrump's decision to eliminate Soleimani in response to imminent threats to American lives. I reiterated  to de-escalation.
Chinese training. 
Chinese Media announced @BTS_twt #Jungkook took the best K-pop artist and #1 for Ace member. - Jungkook #1 for the best artist - Jungkook #1 for the best ace member - BTS #1 for the best KPOP group - BTS #1 for the best KPOP song  
only on these shows will chinese people ever wear such luxurious looking school uniforms  …
If anyone feels that they've made a terrible start with their resolutions for the year, just chill. Think of this as a trial run, and Chinese New Year is the one where you have to get serious. If things get really, really bad, the Islamic New Year is in August.
Now the MIC #Tesla #Model 3 price is 299,050 rmb including the tax exemption and incentives. I believe the price will drop by 20% at the end of 2020. That means it will be a car almost every Chinese can be affordable of. The demand could be 1 billion Chinese customers.
jaemin said "sunfloweRRR" emphasizing on the "r" and the translator went "oh this is really hard" and did the same tone like jaemin for the same word in chinese lmao 
Jiyeon Take A Hike Chinese Ver MV is out! There's some NEW unreleased scene so you might wanna check it out! LINK:  PLEASE KEEP STREAMING KOREAN VERSION:  
Thanks as always to #China state media for this excellent addition to the prosecutors' files: #Muslim ethnic minorities not forced to work in Xinjiang - Global Times  … @hrw_chinese
For what it’s worth, you will see many spellings of Suleimani over the next few weeks. None are incorrect. The English spellings are based on transliteration from Farsi which has  different alphabet. The same is true for Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Hebrew, etc.
200103 @layzhang Chinese Tiktok updated how he made his hair Click here to watch full clip:  #LayZhang #Yixing #张艺兴 #장이씽 #레이 #レイ #อี้ชิง 
Finding out that huduma number was us drafting to the Chinese army 
PAKISTAN’S PAC AND AVIC SIGN AGREEMENT TO CO-PRODUCE CHINESE COMMERCIAL AIRCRAFT Pakistan Aeronautical Complex (PAC) announced that it signed an agreement with the Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC) for the “co-production of  aircraft.” 
different: 无羁 (wuji): unrestrained. ost title + name of official simplified chinese vers. of mdzs 无机  of wwx & lwj‘s name mxtx clarified 无羁 isn’t a ship name. but the pronunciation is exactly the same so i personally think its a private joke she enjoys  …
China asks a Norwegian library to take a Falungong book off the shelf because if some Chinese athletes read the book they might be put into prison or labor camps when they return to China. (Don't ask me why, I never understand Chinese logic)  …
Months of political turmoil have turned Hong Kong from a city of possibilities into a place of doubt and disillusion. As violence escalates and the Chinese government exerts greater control over the financial hub, residents wrestle with their options. 
Any SNP MP that backs this middle east madness or suggests it is the Russians or Chinese at fault should be drummed out of the Party.
Report @/hmpgorexx on Instagram. they’re spreading fake information about and harassing EXO. If you can, use these screenshots and report it to EXO Chinese bar and SM protection team. 
#HK protest-themed Chinese New Year door hangings are out: ‘Brothers climb the mountain together’ ‘each making his own contribution’ ‘see you at the foot of the mountain’ #LiberateHongKong 
In addition to facilities for locals, Allama Iqbal SEZ has a one-window-facility for Chinese Investors where they can get fast track application process, provision of available land, residential areas, temporary work desk & much more 
The Chinese-built Y-12 had taken off from the southern airbase of Wirawila and was heading to Ratmalana, south of Colombo, when it crashed, spokesman Chandana Wickramasinghe said.  …
Because Hungary prefers this Chinese university to the European university that it just expelled  …
Dear @FT it is not “prague ramping up tensions with Beijing” but Chinese Communist Party bullying and cheating as usual — and someone finally being brave enough to resist. 
Chinese young man takes videos of 70 #glaciers 
Bono phoned me the other day to invite me out for dinner in London. He said ‘I fancy chinese, where do you  ?’ I replied ‘Chinatown is good, it’s where the streets have chow mein...’
[JAPANESE MEDIA] BTS #JUNGKOOK ranked first in “Best K-POP Artist” & “Ace Member” in Chinese KPOPStarz Awards. #정국 has strong popularity in China by claiming the two major awards. He (345,161 votes) was ranked first with a high voting rate of 
Over 30 cars and  of four Chinese-made luxury trains have been unloaded at the Port of Colombo in Sri Lanka. The trains will begin operation on intercity railway line in low central highlands 
"why use jawi? Use rumi lah" Okay. Then next time replace 谢谢 with 'Xièxiè' or नमस्ते with 'namaste'. Want to make it fair? How about no chinese or hindi writing? Use Latin letters only for every language. Not so fair then huh?  …
If they cannot accept Jawi so goverment should not allowed them to use chinese and tamil language and writing in Malaysia too because this is the land of Malay's.. TANAH MELAYU..
Former Xinjiang University president Tashpolat Teyip was arrested for accepting bribes May 7, 2018. Urumqi’s intermediate court held an open trial June 13, 2019. Tashpolat was dealt with in accordance with Chinese law, his rights have been fully protected.  
Unconfirmed but this post says: "This year Coachella will have a special stage by 88rising, it is not sure which artists under 88 will participate. But according to insiders, Jackson may be performing. If he does, he shall be the first Chinese artist to perform at Coachella." 
TFW your own government is so awful you have to side with the Chinese.  …
Jungkook made headlines on Japanese Media for being chosen as the Best K-Pop Artist in the world and Best Male Ace Member at the Chinese version of Kpopstarz Awards showing strong popularity in China by winning the two major awards. #JUNGKOOK @BTS_twt 
Why are we so divisive against each other? Tulisan jawi is part of bahasa Melayu the same way Chinese characters are part of mandarin. Fighting over 3 pages of jawi in an effort to preserve our national language is petty as hell!!!  …
How cool are the JJ-Sport Team cars, modified replicas of the Chinese presidential vehicle from the 70's  n°340, n°363 and n°373 
Using the same logic. Do you mean Chinese used Pinyin to exclude nons-Chinese? And how about most of the Chinese ministers & MPs who use Mandarin/Pinyin for official statements and social media postings? They are the MPs and ministry of Malaysia and not just Chinese. Right?  …
But who told Chinese that when they're fighting, they to shout "Ayaa, hiyaaa, uyaaa."
"China always opposes the use of force in international relations," says a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson after a U.S. airstrike killed a top #Iranian general, urging relevant parties, especially Washington, to refrain from any actions that might escalate the 
over a year since i first saw the movie, and still the phrase “We have informed the Chinese government about the Meg”  to my mind unbidden all the time
some of the Chinese and Indians already did that la. even some non-Malay leaders tweets in Chinese/Indians before these. Some melayu buat terus kena hentam dan nasihat guna rumi.  …
Meet members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences at #Peking University. Zhang Jiping, a world-renowned mathematician, shared with us how he became immersed in the world of #math.
Zimbabwe was a significant agricultural economy when the Chinese were going through the hell of the “Great Leap Forward”.... That China is providing Zim with farming tech means Zim is officially a basket case. Make no mistake, this is what recolonization looks like.  …
BREAKING: Chinese Foreign Ministry urges sides to avoid escalations after Soleimani's killing 
That relatively new female chinese servant with double hair buns 
I’VE BEEN LOVING HIM SINCE HIS CHINESE DRAMA AND NOW MY BOY IS A BELIEBER? I STAN HARDER THAN BEFORE LAI KUANLIN 
Chinese Basketball Coach Smacks Heckler In Face During Game 
japanese mom + korean dad = chinese boy  …
#OnThisDay 1951 The Royal Ulster Rifles & 8th King’s Royal Irish Hussars fight & stop advancing North Korean & Chinese troops at "Happy Valley" during the Korean War. Later that day, they will pull back fighting along the route. The RUR lost over 150 men. #Ireland #History 
.... Ya neh, the people got the land, the bastards can now go and work the land for the Chinese under slave conditions.... Let the bastards eat cake... @Julius_S_Malema go help rebuild  …
It's 2020 and being "soft" is still the most important quality women should have in the eyes of some males. Also saw Chinese and Taiwanese coverage on how great it is that Zhang "finally" gave brith to a son for her husband who "only" had daughters before . Can we not...  …
Scrutiny of mainland Chinese has intensified on American campuses over the past two years 
Also thru the live, Shindong said they are looking for ppl to design their  logo. You may email to walalacrew@naver.com with your attached image in photoshop or ai format. Language isn't an issue because he has staffs that speaks English & Chinese
#Opinion: After eliminating abject poverty, #China will focus on eradicating relative poverty and improving Chinese people's living standards.
Don’t rush into 5G: India needs to be wary of Chinese presence in  network  … - Jayadeva Ranade (President, Centre for China Analysis and Strategy)
i just laugh to myself sometimes whenever i think about vernon and joshua being chaotic brothers in this chinese show 
A Chinese man took his pregnant wife to hospital.The wife gave birth to a black baby. He was shocked, named him SOME TIN WONG
Another Chinese Company (Saber Industries) accused of enabling corrupt activities in SA. The same was the case with Chinese Govt owned rail manufacturers - R2.6bn kickbacks. What will our Govt and @PresidencyZA do about this interference and looting by another BRICS  …
My dear friend, Prof. Jiang Ping 江平, is celebrating his 89th birthday. He’s influenced generations of Chinese legal scholars & lawyers. My heartfelt congratulations to him on his lifelong work achieved despite immense political difficulties.  …
Little reminder Over the past 10 years, Chinese banks have been on a credit and money creation binge. They have created Rmb144tn ($21tn) of new money since 2009, more than twice the amount of money supply created in the US, the eurozone and   …
Chinese scientists recently launched a project to map the genomes of 10,000 representative species of protists and establish a large-scale database of protist genetic resources to help push forward the research on environmental protection, nutrition and disease control. 
Former Google human rights chief says he was "sidelined" over censored Chinese search engine  
A 20yo "ordinary mainland Chinese student" named Mengqi writes about how they took a cross-border bus to Hong Kong to march in the 1 Jan 2020 protest (& has returned to China safely), & thanked HKers for  a mainland protester into their midst.  …
What is China and/or Russian role? Remember the Chinese shipping line sanctioned for Iranian oil and financial flows  …
Surprise: a Chinese business with no business permit. They really want to take us for a ride. If it were a marching order for PNP to check the business permits of all Chinese business on one day, what do you think would be the result?  …
New Year, New Profile! Chinese Ren's Family especially designed a look based on mouse, this year's Chinese Zodiac, to show Ren our support, along with all Backers. Don't hesitate to update your icon with us! offered by： @syteki1 #JO1 #JO1fanart 
While you rightfully feel outrage about everything else happening in our world, don’t forget that the Chinese government is perpetrating cultural genocide against the Muslim Uighur population. 
Bar patron: Ford & Rockefeller built America Me: Natives whose land was stolen, Africans & African descendants who were forced into slavery, Chinese who built railroads, Brown who worked agriculture, & Black & Brown who were/are incarcerated built America!
More than a dozen Chinese lawyers and activists are reportedly missing or were detained in the final days of 2019. The latest crackdown was linked to a meeting where participants discussed ways to transform China into a democratic country. 
Iran hiring Dan Enos as OC to retaliate >>>> missles going to chinese mountains, hitting remote parts of the indian ocean
Hera is hosting a giveaway! 5 signed posters are to be won by Chinese consumers. Seems as though Hera is amping up their chinese promotion of Jennie after the continuous pattern of sold out lipsticks and merchandise along with her success in December with the general public 
I’m hearing the Chinese and Russians are in alliance with the Iraqis.Yikes 
Before the British came, the Malays wrote in Jawi. The Chinese n Indians wrote in their respective alphabets and characters. After the British left, Malays preserve the Chinese and Indians forms of literature and language, while slowly giving away its own Jawi.
That remains to be seen. Don't underestimate Chinese military.
Chinese officials rebut foreign media reports on  …
Me and my chinese homie when we link up on the battlefield in WW3 
Yes, this is the nut of it. He was there, directing enemy attacks on U.S forces. I think Trump has been a goddamn fool in practically every foreign policy move he's made outside of getting tough on Chinese trade policies, but this? Obama would have been celebrated for this.  …
I went to a Chinese restaurant for dinner tonight and don’t get me wrong the food was amazing but I'll be damned if they expect me to believe that a chicken fried this rice... 
CCP’s deep infiltration into Christian Church with many undercover priests, into pro-democracy organizations and into Chinese media overseas. Their influence everywhere in the US 蓝金黄三大板块： 教会/民运/媒体  …
More Chinese scientists in America are going back home  … via @physorg_com
Back in NYC, eating some late-night Chinese, and this was my fortune. yup 
Translation of 2nd article(by my basic Korean+ translation app) The title:T-ara Jiyeon, is popular in Chinese speaking circle...is No.1 on Korean-Japanese chart on Tic Tok Jiyeon, who is from the girlgrpup-T-ara, her mini album gets lots of love from Chinese speaking circle.  …
Chinese entrepreneurs can struggle to protect inventions in a nation full of copycats 
This @swadeshimanch has been demanding for years. To curb Chinese imports there are many desired steps: 1. Anti-dumping & countervailing duties 2. Non tariff barriers by imposing standards 3. Invoking reciprocity clause on  4. Hiking tariffs to bound rates kudos  …
 have been repeatedly caught bribing officials around the world. This example of buying gifts for bus inspectors is from my city  #abq via @abqjournal
What will happen if Chinese start tweeting only in Chinese & Indians only in Tamil etc? Wht wld the Malay response be? N yet, tweeting in Jawi, when d script of National Language is clearly defined as Rumi, is acceptable to these people. Perfect example of self-serving logic.
The Chinese invented fireworks and just when we’ve caught up with them, they changed the game. Lol. Man dem can’t be caught.  …
Please help me to find : Any french / japanese / portugese / korean / arabic / filipino / chinese / indonesian / indian / thai / spanish / ARMY NOT MULTI Please dm me. MULTILINGUAL IS ACCEPTED Please RT to help me find any of them.
Me: 2020 is gonna be awesome, finally a great year! Can’t wait! 2020: Me: ... .... It’s waiting for Chinese New Year to start being awesome.
comments: -During superm when he translated between Chinese and English I was shocked - Isn’t he Thai? And he knows Japanese? - Ten noona really admires you - not sleeping at midnight but studying...I will change my ways -a genius....amazing -incredible 
And he’s using korean to learn chinese, and in a short time is at the level of conversing without hinderance In his Instagram post, it seems like ten who is using korean to learn Japanese will also learn Japanese quickly. Really a genius and a hard worker! so much respect.”
The scientist who claimed to edit human embryo genes has been sentenced to prison by the Chinese government 
Chinese smartphone maker @Xiaomi planning to invest $7 billion in #5G, #AI & #IoT over the next 5 yrs. to  a market leader in smart era can inspire other global players to loosen the purse strings for delivering innovative products in these  …
Great multitasker isn’t he? Orders strike on Syria while dining with Chinese President. Orders strike on Iranians while playing golf. Ain’t no Democrat candidate that can do that.  …
The president is in palm beach but I’m sure the winter White House is basically the same as the actual White House except for the occasional Chinese National wandering around.
Btw, NOBODY in China believes US bombing of Belgrade Chinese Embassy was a mistake. It was the only bombing run throughout the campaign that flew directly from US mainland. Nobody buys the faulty CIA map story.
What happened was Chinese students threw water bottles and rocks at US Embassy in Beijing In protest against Belgrade Embassy bombing while security blocked the approach to Embassy itself. That’s appropriate response! Yet US media says China is a threat to world peace! 
Chinese Olympic ski team asks Norwegian public library in the city where they are training to remove books that are censored in China. Argument: if team members are seen with censored books, they can be sent to a labor camp back home.  …
US Embassy in #Bagdad had its window broken. US carried out strike in Bagdad Airport killing Iran Qud Force Commander Qaseem Soleimani and Iraqi militia leader Muhandis. US bombed Chinese Embassy in Belgrade in 1999 killing 3 Chinese journos. What should China have done? 
CNN has found more than 100 Uyghur Muslim cemeteries that have been destroyed, most in just the last two years. This reporting was backed up by dozens of official Chinese government notices announcing the "relocation" of cemeteries.  …
This story should be getting a lot more attention. Trump placed sanctions on  linked to the Chinese government, then lifted them after China slipped a $500 million bribe to the Trump Organization. Why don’t more people know about this?  …
Bohai Harvest RST (BHR), a private equity firm bankrolled by the Chinese government that is tied to Hunter Biden, invested in an alleged African “blood mine.” 
Guys. If you haven't had a great start to the new year, Chinese New Year is January 25th.
In other news... I bought another robot! But they sent the wrong one. It was supposed to be a cat robot but this one came instead. Box is in Chinese. In other words, I have no idea what this robot does. 
NAVER #JUNGKOOK @BTS_twt #정국 took the honor of being the No.1 Best Worldwide K-Pop artist & the No.1 Best Worldwide ace member in the Chinese Awards KPOPstarz.  …  …  … LIKE, COMMENT & 
While the Commander-in-Chief was probably having dinner with Rudy, the owner of Florida's fifth most popular strip club and several Chinese spies.
I MAY BE GOING OUT ON A LIMB HERE, BUT, IT SEEMS THE RUSSIAN, CHINESE, IRANIANS, KIM, AND ALL THE LIBTARDS ARE OPPOSED TO TRUMP'S REELECTION. I DON'T BELIEVE IN COINCIDENCES.... 
A Chinese scientist’s attempt to smuggle laboratory samples out of the U.S. in his luggage “was not an isolated incident,” prosecutors said. “Rather, it appears to have been a coordinated crime, with likely involvement by the Chinese government.” 
A few thoughts: 1. Did we (the US) actually target Qassem #Soleimani? Or was it another group? A lot of blood & treasure rides on this. 2. If we did it, was it deliberate, or was it an “oops” moment, like the 1999 bombing of the Chinese embassy in Belgrade?
“Meal prep” AKA I sell you one third of my leftover Chinese food 
Honey has 93.4 million on Chinese platform and 7M on yt....literally goodbye 
#AndyLau, #WangBaoqiang, and Haoran send their Chinese New Year greetings for the year of the Rat and remind everyone to watch #DetectiveChinatown3 on Chinese New Year’s Day! #liuhaoran 
One of the modern Chinese names for Light-vented Bulbul is 白头翁 bái-tóu wēng, literally translated as 'white-headed old man' 
I eat Maggie using chopsticks, I drink Xi Fu Tang sometimes, I love Yong Tau Fu, masa kecil I always wear Cheong Sam (i love the buttons.) . But still, I’m a Muslim. So don’t worry girl, you still a proud Chinese. Love
Why do Malaysian public schools insist that Muslim students must choose Arabic classes even if Chinese and Tamil options available? This can't be an actual MoE ruling right? Why does language you want to learn be tied to religion?
Take a look at the Chinese folk-dance performance that kicked off this year’s New Year’s Eve celebration in Times Square. About 1.5 million people around the world gathered in the center of New York City to  a new decade with the epic ball drop. 
Don't worry.Chinese fan are still.Meanplan_cnfc is still. We hope you will continue to be a happy little prince. Cr.logo #PlanRathavit #คนของแปลน 
Electric carmaker @Tesla has set a date for when the Chinese public can get their hands on the Model 3 sedans made at its Shanghai plant: Jan. 7  
A figure about China that explains why public stimulus simply don't work Red line : Chinese economic growth Blue line : Chinese debt (private + public) over GDP 
#SuningSports President of #Suning International and #Inter, Steven Zhang has recently ranked 40th among Top Managers and 5th in the Sports Category by @Rep_Science. Steven is also the only listed Chinese national among 99 other entrepreneurs. More info:  
As the nation  more affluent, a growing number of Chinese are looking beyond their borders for adventures 
The Chinese have kidnapped two Canadians in response to Meng’s arrest. Meng is involved with Huawei, no decision until Canadians are freed. Also have to look at Harper’s FIPA, will Huawei/PRC have the right to circumvent our laws?  …
Bottle of wine and Chinese take away with someone’s beautiful daughter >>
A show about a detective that solves crimes by going through people’s everything drawers. Everyone has an everything drawer and you can basically figure someone out by going through it. (Batteries, Tape, Chinese takeout menus, keys, toys etc) @abc @fox @cbs... dm’s are open.
Peep an official look at the Air Jordan 13 "Chinese New Year" dropping on 1/23  
I know that when Chinese New Year hits, it's going to  the year of the rat but I just want you all to know that every year is the year of the dragon, actually. Sorry I don't make the rules, the dragons do.
2019 was the year that the People’s Republic of China shed any pretense of honoring the Sino-British Joint Declaration on Hong Kong, just 22 years after control of the city was handed over from the United Kingdom to the Chinese Communist Party. 
I saw a werewolf with a Chinese menu in his hand Walkin' through the streets of SoHo in the rain He was lookin' for the place called Lee How Fooks Gonna get a big dish of beef chow mein Ah-HOOO, werewolves of London BUT THIS IS THE ONE IN LINDISFARNE TAS Pic credit Tiffin Fiona 
Chinese Top University Fudan to Set Up Campus in Budapest. “Fudan will be the first Chinese university to establish campus abroad. The Chinese government regards the campus a leading project in bilateral relations.” #ChinaInEurope #17+1 #EU  
Tallying Trudeau's financial aid  China. From @SheilaGunnReid: The Chinese are working on a space program and they forcibly re-educate Uyghur and Kazakh children. Do they really need Canadian money? WATCH:  | 
Excellent explainer from @JimMillward on how the Chinese state has placed Uyghurs & Kazakhs in a "state of exception" where civil rights do not apply. He sees emerging grassroots movement away from Chinese cotton & tomatoes because of connections to camps.  …
Ten really out here learning Japanese, his 5th language, through Korean. Ten, you are so hardworking! It's hard not understanding what you're saying in Chinese/Thai as it is, now there's Japanese adahsjskksj how do we keep up with him 
QLD's former LNP government was warned about risks of  water extraction in area now in severe drought & on water restrictions. If there is a national emergency declared, can the government forcibly buy the water mining rights back?  …
Chinese Storytellers shared our most proud work and our key moments of 2019 in this special issue of newsletter:  We hope to grow and thrive with all of you in 2020.
Great move Dopie Opie. With this tweet you succeeded in alienating well over 70M Americans. I hope the Chinese are watching your movies, bc we’re done, @RealRonHoward
Japanese anime voice actress and singer Kana Hanazawa 花澤香菜 and Chinese pop singer Silence Wang on Chinese TV New Year show. It’s her voice singing in Mandarin because you can tell by her Japanese accent. Otherwise her Chinese pretty decent 
Note 102 - "There's only one point of view" "For your convenience, I’m using traditional Chinese. I’ve been watching news about HK’s anti-ELAB movement since June from abroad, ... 1/10  …
Chatted with partners at two of the largest Chinese crypto funds - @dragonfly_cap's @gegenschaim and @HashKeyGroup CEO Deng Chao - about their very different approach to crypto  …
Trump is bragging about getting $46 million dollars in campaign money-more than democrats. Add all the funding of the democratic candidates and it is way above trump.He is one while Democrats are receiving more as a whole.Also-where did trump’s  from?Chinese & Russians
Nancy sure Rents out a lot of space! Northern California Warehouse filled with White Chinese Cocaine, but she had no idea.
More than 100 Uyghur graveyards demolished by Chinese authorities, satellite images show  … Read on with @Bsintash & UHRP's Demolishing Faith: The Destruction and Desecration of Uyghur Mosques and  …
The Chinese state has managed to find the time to also repress their tiny   … 
First job I did was with a Lebanese firm. Did I enjoy working for the Lebanese? No, but the alternatives were worse; staying at home, jobless. Many have same challenge with Chinese employers. But what are the alternatives since we aren't creating jobs for our youths?
Now we wait for the Chinese ambassador in Norway to threaten Norway and the public library to apologise for not obeying.  …
Converse Jack Purcell Low "Chinese New Year" dropped with free shipping BUY HERE:  
And yet none of it has altered Chinese behavior, let alone unbuilt their 6 artificial islands. Problem is that despite calls for “ASEAN unity,” they do not coordinate these efforts, let alone have  legal/normative strategy.  …
Beyond appaling. Not only does the Chinese government not tolerate #Uighurs practicing #Islam, it's razing their dead all while the world silently watches. #UighursMuslims #UyghurGenocide 'Pure evil': Satellites show destroyed  …
ok but chinese new year doesn’t start till jan 25th. u lot can keep jogging and green juicing but i’ve still got 23 days to continue to live in an avoidance prison of my own making
Chinese stocks soared on the first trading day of 2020. CNBC's @onlyyoontv breaks down what's behind the big rally with the Fast Money traders. 
Chinese employer paying Zimbabwe locals their wages 
Me explaining to every city why STL got the best Chinese food  …
DAMN that HUNTER BIDEN gets around The  in which Hunter Biden held a stake invested in a Congolese mine that was the site of gross human rights abuses and at least one death.  …
[Hunter] joined the board of Chinese investment firm BHR in 2013, while his father served as vice president. He purchased a 10 percent stake in  in 2017 and maintained that stake even after he resigned from the board in October H/T @CoryGroshek  …
Huawei getting subsidies from Chinese gov is against the religion of capitalism US farmers getting billions of dollars of subsidies?  …
 to the Year of the Rat! According to Chinese zodiac, 2020 is the #YearoftheRat and this deep-sea rattail fish finds this very interesting news, indeed. #ChineseNewYear #LunarNewYear #CNY 
Big news! After more than 5 years of collaboration across China Mainland, Hong Kong, Macao, Singapore, and Taiwan, we have finally published the translations of our 4.0 #license suite into Simplified and Traditional Chinese!  …
11) The democrats have been selling us out for years, and [JK] is in the middle of all of it. He along with [Obama] and his administration sold out America. [Feinstein], insert Chinese spy, insert [Clinton] server, insert connection to China. What a mess. Politicians failed us. 
"working w sources in the  and analyzing .. satellite images, @CNN found more than 100 cemeteries that have been destroyed .. reporting was backed up by dozens of official #Chinese govt notices announcing the "relocation" of cemeteries."  …
I was honored to ring in the New Year on the American Heroes float at the #RoseParade, which won Most Extraordinary Float for celebrating all veterans, but especially the Chinese American Veterans of WWII - a first ever for the Rose Parade! 
This Chinese city's traffic is controlled by an #AI brain MT @marcusborba @Paula_Piccard @HaroldSinnott @MHiesboeck @alvinfoo #SmartCity #ArtificialIntelligence #DeepLearning #DataScience #BigData #Analytics #MachineLearning #IoT #DigitalTransformation 
When your mum says no to a chinese for tea 
Ghetto grocery products be like: “Made from the finest rare herbs and roots found within the most secluded and untouched forests of Sumatra” Turn it over and read the ingredients and it be like: 90% cornstarch 10% Chinese newspapers
Satellite images show thousands of Uyghur graves demolished by Chinese authorities  
I hope this is enough to impress a Chinese buyer, bro.
The Air Jordan 13 “Chinese New Year” will also be releasing in kids sizes on 1/23  
If you want happiness for an hour – take a nap. If you want happiness for a day – go fishing. If you want happiness for a month – get married. If you want happiness for a year – inherit a fortune. If you want happiness for a lifetime – help others. [Chinese Proverb]
In a  development, Grouse Mountain  back into local ownership. A few years ago it was sold to a  loosely connected to Anbang Insurance.  …
Chinese SOEs are performing better than Private Enterprises. And some intellectuals are even calling for  to be "ABOLISHED ENTIRELY " in China. In SA u have a Capitalist President who is selling eskom to Private Enterprises This country is sick 
Yesss if you aren't Asian stop making jokes about 2020 being year of the rat. In the Chinese zodiac, rats represent resourcefulness, wit, and independence. Really it's not funny for white people to joke about what rats represent for them in the lunar new year. It's not for you.  …
Shipping WuChang together is not problematic nor incestuous. Foreigners don’t want to face the fact that they don’t understand Chinese mythology.
Mayor @SylvesterTurner 2nd term inauguration celebrates Houston’s #DiversityandInclusion. Prayers by a Pastor, Rabbi & Imam, pledge of allegiance by Chinese School, performances by @HouGrandOpera, @UHouston Mariachi band “Pumas” & rapper 
Chinese Bandits #GeauxTigers 
Seattle man charged with hate crime for yelling "I hate Chinese" during attack  
Africa's biggest digital music service app (Boomplay), Africa's biggest smartphone  (Transsion Holdings, owners of Tecno, Infinix and iTel) and Africa's biggest digital pay-TV platform, StarTimes are all Chinese-owned.
Army gives TikTok the heave-ho; Chinese social media app banned due to cybersecurity risk  #military 
This is how Chinese soldiers keep their posture. 
This week's Economist cover is on the very fraught state of US-China relations. I wrote about how that is playing out on university campuses in America, where Chinese students must contend with suspicions from both the US govt and their own  …
“The notion of the submissive Chinese woman is a racist stereotype which fuels higher rates of violence against Asian women. It is hard not to be upset about something that has done me and my loved ones real harm.” @courtneymilan via @NBCNews  …
Chinese Government Appears To Have Been Destroying Muslim Cemeteries For Years  …
Under a long-term deal sealed by the Obama admin, a Chinese  was set to control the 2nd busiest container port in the U.S. In an unreported @realDonaldTrump admin victory, the Communists are out after a national security review. 
. @AJEnglish’s reporting on torture of ethnic Kazakhs in detention camps in Xinjiang is just further evidence of what the world already knows. As @SecPompeo said, the Chinese Communist Party’s repressive campaign is attempting to erase their own citizens’ faith and cultures. AGW
i have a beautiful malay girlfriend whom i love dearly and i really hate this traditional chinese thinking. I mean like I'm chinese myself but like it's the new generation where everyone has the right of choice for religion. What's so wrong with being islam?
lily sketch inspired by jungkook's possible tattoo because the tiger lily is his birth flower with the chinese character "hwa" for flower which is also in hyyh 
[trans #mdzs audio drama gacha] only cute wifi cooking and taking care of Lan er-gege from now on 举案齐眉 (the title) is a Chinese idiom for mutual respect between spouses. #wangxian #MoDaoZuShi #mxtx #lanwangji #weiwuxian #忘羡 #魔道祖师 #墨香铜臭 #蓝忘机 
chinese girls xiaomi your pussy lmao
thai, english, korean, chinese, and now japanese. have y'all realized that those five languages have different alphabets can y'all imagine how sexy Ten's brain is 
Petrified 5-year-old #Uyghur Muslim child in kindergarten answering questions about #China such as: "Do you like China?" "What is the Chinese national anthem?" Uyghur Muslim children in #EastTurkestan are being brainwashed & forced to adopt Chinese culture. #Chinazi 
Getting a chinese is a proper scam man how many portions of rice serves 3 what about chips what’s the crack why we always got too much or not enough
As ever with Dominic Cummings post there are bits where you think "yup" or "that's kind of interesting" immediately followed by bits where you go "holy crap, EU, US, Russian, Chinese counterparts will take a state run by this guy apart"
Went for dinner with my fam. What I expected was Chinese noodles with stir fry chicken but they brought “boiled shredded chicken with vegetables” and hungry man size indomie . I sha ate it like that. Hunger will not send me to hell – at Best Western Mydas Hotel
My greatest moviegoing experience was the North American premiere of the restoration of Fritz Lang's METROPOLIS (1927) at Grauman's Chinese Theater on closing night of the first #TCMFF in 2010. The crowd leapt to their feet in unison on the final note.  …
My Chinese plug might be Mulan the way I’m seeing my reflection
Warren campaign looking for staff with advanced knowledge of chinese spying technology:  … "Not required, but a plus if you have: Experience working with YouTube, TikTok, LinkedIn, Tumblr, Spotify, and other social media platforms."
CNN has found more than 100 #Uyghur cemeteries that have been destroyed, most in just the last two years. This reporting was backed up by dozens of official #Chinese government notices announcing the "relocation" of cemeteries.  …
“What I fear the most,” he said, “is that the Chinese government is teaching him to hate his parents and Uighur culture.” 
The Chinese Communist Party feels threatened by the rapid spread of Christianity in the country—especially from churches that operate outside of the government’s rules.  …
hey chinese jesus 
Wild thinking about how many languages wayv speak like Kun's the one who knows the least languages in the team and mf is a fluent Chinese Korean bilingual with a pretty solid understanding of English so like, can they relax
Chinese woman with zither, c. 1910. See more pics:  
Made in China: Tesla Model 3 deliveries to Chinese customers to begin January 7  by 
Big Breaking News From China Pastor Wang Yi Put Behind Bars For 9 Years Crime: He Was Seeking To Subvert Chinese State Earlier, China Ban Burqa, Masjid, Namaz, Beard, Quran, Put In Concentration Camps Almost All Uyghur Muslim Men Also Decided To Amend Bible, Quran HM @AmitShah
he disowned his daughter for being gay, and by the way that daughter is with a woman he had an affair with that was almost certainly a casting couch. he is also a Chinese nationalist and denies climate change.  …
Beijing has done more to sully the Chinese brand in the last few years than all their global   …
16,000 Chinese scientists trained in USA and other countries, have returned to China in recent years. In 2017 itself, 4500 Chinese trained in USA, returned to China for Research and Development!
The Army is banning TikTok bc it’s a “cyberthreat,” following DOD advisory and Navy move to do the same — the app is owned by a Chinese tech co that has ties w the gov / must abide by Chinese laws, raising concerns it could help China spy. 
sad to say 2020 won’t be my year chinese calendar says it’s the year of the rat so i guess my ex is taking this one
Swadeshi Jagran Manch wants central government to ban participation of  in 5G trials in view of national security and privacy issues:  …
The only thing sustaining continued US interest in Africa is the fear of Chinese dominance. Terrorism/counter-terrorism aren't long-term issues and no serious person in the Washington foreign policy establishment is banking on "Africa's economic potential".
Google's former head of international relations is running for office, so he's also revealing the details of  relationship with Chinese authorities. A good read on encroaching surveillance capitalism:  …
#China to train 1,800 Pakistanis, construct 50 schools,50 Vocational training centres and 30 hospitals across #Pakistan in 2020: Chinese Envoy۔Also China-Pakistan have finalized 27 priority projects of social development under the #CPEC of which 17 will be launched in soon 
“The cause of the disease is not clear.” #HongKong and #Taiwan are on high alert following a notice from #Chinese authorities that 27 people contracted an “unknown viral pneumonia” in the central city of Wuhan.  …
In 2020 may people finally educate themselves on regional Chinese cuisine and understand that Wei Wuxian is NOT a bad cook, he just prefers spicy dishes which the Gusu kids can't enjoy bc of their bland palate. JC can eat WWX's cooking fine, he just shittalks it to be difficult
#TEN teaches us not to remain on the same safety zone. Keep moving on and learning more to improve ourselves Languages in his list: Thai, English, Korean, Chinese and now Japanese 
The Chinese government, Bass said, “has enormous financial leverage over anyone who does business with them, and so when Mike Bloomberg does interviews and says Xi is not a dictator, I believe Mike Bloomberg is blinded by his wallet.”  …
Funny that if you take 凡 (mortal), and add just one stroke, you get 凤 (phoenix). *This only works for simplified Chinese.
By the mid-18thC there were 2 book-length histories of the Tang Dynasty both based on translations of Chinese survey histories; they were printed decades later & continued to shape European perceptions of Chinese history and its broader relevance throughout the 19th C. 
A biopic of succulent Chinese meal man  …
When the Chinese government literally controls the app, they don't need to put in "requests" for content takedown or user information. The Chinese government would have been far better off including a number that was on par with Western governments - might have been believable.  …
My last China tour was crazy but so much funI love my Chinese fans and am proud to be one of the pioneers of dance music in this country! 
My favorite part about getting Chinese takeout is ordering from a 6 year old.
It’s Lucas bday (traditional chinese calendar) and a fan bought this cake to celebrate it “axi happy birthday” The lion and sun omg this is literally perfect 
Where is my friend #KureshTahir? He is a famous Uyghur linguist. He was taken from his office by the Chinese national security police on June 19, 2017. I ask the Chinese government to prove that he is still alive. #StillNoInfo #CGTN #UHRP #SaveUyghur 
Where is my friend #ParhatTursun? He is a famous Uyghur writer and poet. His whereabouts have been unknown since the end of 2017. I ask the Chinese government to prove that he is still alive. #StillNoInfo #CGTN #UHRP #PenInternational #ConcentrationCamps 
Soon, it will be the year of the rat! While rats are often considered vermin in western culture, in Chinese culture they're associated with wealth/fortune, big families, and cleverness. This page  provided me with a ton of my research behind this 
I've been craving mall chinese food for 2 days now.
Chinese fanyus are discussing #UnfairJudgingAward by @FSU_Figure on Weibo. They are sad/angry about the unfairness to Yuzu & furious about Nathan's overscore at GPF. One fan said 水出来的冠军永远不能服众: the inflated winner will never convince the crowd.  … 
Trudeau government must apply to China the Magnitsky Act. Withdraw Canada’s financial contribution to the Asia Infrastructure Bank, show the door to Bank of China(Canada) and Huawei. Why is Trudeau and the Liberal party kowtowing and appeasing the Chinese totalitarian regime?  …
Oscar nominations voting begins today. My dream ballot would include Alfre Woodard and Aldis Hodge, Zhao Shuzhen and Zhao Tao, the lovely French-Romanian-Belgian animation MARONA'S FANTASTIC TALE and a Chinese drama that makes THE IRISHMAN look short.  …
New Year meal Chinese style 
I bet it's Chinese ARMY, they're rich rich 
This is what Chinese #Tesla owners meetup looks like. They get together to exchange, socialize, and have fun. This is an annual event of Tesla owners in southern 
"to be a star" is the meaning of seonghwa‘s name, his in-ear has "星" written on it, which stands for star in chinese and he gave his fans the name "shine stars". it’s so beautiful that hwa has this connection with stars, especially since he’s such a bright star in my life too.
China’s political response hides a simple fact - no one uses this link. (Only 1  does, no UK) We can’t create the bridge  transparency and legal requirements.Beijing doesn’t apply so the market bridge could never work.  …
When Traffic Constable asked a Chinese to not park his car in no parking zone, Chinese attacked and beat Traffic constable. Chinese arrested only for photo session & released. Yahi Angrez kerte the, jub India was a colony. So now Pakistan is also, soon  Chinese colony. 
NYT: "As it detains parents, China 'weans' children from Islam" Nothing about how evil China is for separating parents from kids Nothing about China torturing kids & forcing them to abandon their religion & learn Chinese.. But Trump  to Hitler on a daily basis 
#MostWatched Skilled Chinese cook makes Yin Yang soup 
Forced labor in Xinjiang has  an integral part of the Chinese government’s efforts to “reeducate” Muslim minorities:  
Social media is out of control. A University of Minnesota student is harassed on line by supporters of a billionaire and nobody- except her lawyer- does anything to help her. She Accused a Tech Billionaire of Rape. The Chinese Internet Turned Against Her.  …
To celebrate Mariah getting her 19 #1’s, Chinese lambs decided to fund #ButterflyProject in the name of Mariah Carey to help the underprivileged girls who live in the rural areas of China to “flourish in the light”. #CampMariahChina 
New #CCP regulations for #religious organizations (Art. 17): “Religious organizations shall spread the principles and policies of the Chinese Communist Party as well as national laws, regulations, and rules, to religious staff and religious citizens, and educate and...
 sorry we cannot print this due to profanity chinese manu: so how many of these little dudes shoving swords up their rectums do you need?
guy who’s just about to invent the chinese calendar: oh yeah i was born in the year of the dragon guy who the inventor of the chinese calendar hates: oh that’s cool! what animal do i get? guy who just invented the chinese calendar: Rat
My Chinese New Year Hub submission ! Inspired by the Forbidden City and Chinese architecture, with a reproduction of the Giant Wild Goose Pagoda ! #Fortnite #FortniteCreative @FNCreate @FortniteFR @FortniteJP #フォートナイトクリエイティブ @CACTUS_FN 
The giant Chinese paddlefish, one of the world's largest freshwater fishes only found in China's Yangtze River, has been proved extinct: scientific research 
Self-Portrait with Chinese lantern fruits, 1912 #austrianart 
Best video of 2020, I challenge Muslims of India & Pakistan.. it’s a real show  out & protest against Chinese embassy.. Only if you have real balls You too Chu****  …
SJM wants central government to ban participation of  in 5G trials in view of national security and privacy issues  … via @eOrganiser
#Chinese Disinformation in #Taiwan #Beijing has launched an all-out effort to weaponize information as part of a multifaceted campaign to create conditions that are suitable for unification or annexation A very good  …
Information on why a  would opt for a reverse merger IPO vs a traditional IPO.  … 
Taozi 陶子's IG posted a photo of her daughter writing a letter to TY. You see the dedication? She's using some kind of translation app, rewriting the letter in Korean even though we all know Chinese is perfectly fine. Tzuyu unnie 妳的最厲害的粉絲在這兒呢 @JYPETWICE 
World stock markets began the new year with a shot of Chinese stimulus, ensuring there was no immediate hangover after the gains of 2019. However, PMI surveys suggest some familiar worries over the economy persist  
"The  in which Hunter Biden held a stake invested in a Congolese mine that was the site of gross human rights abuses and at least one death."  …
for anyone wondering, no this isn’t any funnier in chinese than in english  …
#Brexit is democracy at its best. If I were a Chinese tyrant, I would not showcase free people changing history. #China's people might start getting  …
"Maybe I'll buy my protein powder from GNC so I give less money to Amazon, assuming whoever owns GNC is less problematic." [10 seconds later] "GNC is owned by the Harbin Pharmaceutical Group Holding Company, which is controlled by the Chinese government." "Well fuck that idea."
Hong Kong Christians' involvement in ongoing protests  an excuse for the Chinese government to further crackdown on Chiense churches. See: 
"With the situation still at an impasse by September, Imagination was suddenly bought for £550 million ($742.5 million) by a Silicon Valley-based private equity firm, Canyon Bridge, which is backed by the Chinese government."  …
Chinese passenger is ordered to pay airline £13K for throwing coins at engine 
Over 1 million people worldwide have signed up to learn Welsh on @duolingo since 2016, overtaking Portuguese and Chinese! Once I started learning, I never looked back - croeso, fellow Welsh learners!  …
"The endurance of the story of Mulan and other Chinese mythological stories are proof that there can never be too many reimaginings of these tales, [Sherry] Thomas believes.”  …
An earlier piece from me on how mainland Chinese government’s treatment of minorities—like the Uyghurs—and dissidents is a key example and motivator for Hong Kong protesters. It’s counter-contagion: HKers are deeply afraid of what will happen if they lose.  …
remember when Celine Dion sang fluent Mandarin Chinese 
Workers in China’s Fujian province make incense ahead of Chinese New Year celebrations. Much of the world’s incense  from the region. 
I'm sick as all hell but this day is already starting off great... I'm super excited to use Qingxian and Haiyi more!! I have a few projects planned and am in need of Chinese lyricists, so if anyone has the time... I'd love to hire y'all to translate/write some song lyrics
Taozi, tv top host and husband actor Lee, Lee-zen, brought daughter (major ONCE Tzuyu), to Sosee Café, during the holidays. The kid must had hella time Great parents Taozi IG: Momoleelee (FYI: Taozi桃子 in Chinese means peach and her husband's last name is Lee ) 
If Adam and Eve were Chinese we would have been in Paradise because they would have ignored the Apple and eaten the snake
The year 2020 will be the "early harvest year" for #China and #Nepal as both countries further advance economic and trade ties on the #BeltandRoad: Chinese Ambassador to Nepal Hou Yanqi @PRCAmbNepal told the Global 
More than 100 Uyghur graveyards demolished by Chinese authorities, satellite images show  
Thailand's web drama #TharnType The Series has gone viral on Chinese social media and its male stars, Mew and Gulf, have gained a lot of Chinese fans thanks to their sweet but sometimes painful love. #MewGulf  
Chinese have conquered the world & continue to do so. It sounds like a local proverb. Buzdili & beghairti is not a Chinese trait.  …
Prague mayor isn’t afraid losing the promises of Chinese revenues:”only a fraction of it [investments] happened” and were mostly acquisitions of  Nor is he afraid of losing tourists: 0tourists wld only mean to go back to 2017 level. 
Belfast artist PJ Lynch designs Chinese New Year coin 
"Global stocks boosted by Chinese central bank stimulus" -  to 2020
The  in which Hunter Biden held a stake invested in a Congolese mine that was the site of gross human rights abuses and at least one death.  …
Hunter Biden invested in a  involved with a copper mine in Congo, where a brutal military crackdown has led to gross human rights abuses.  …
CM Shri @vijayrupanibjp orders to  ban on the sale, supply or use of 'deadly' Chinese Manja or any kind of plastic thread used for kite flying and sky lanterns (Tukkal) with immediate effect under CrPC and Gujarat Police Act in the state 
kun: of course! “it’s me, it’s me~” (he’s singing nayana from pd101 s2, also wrote it in op’s album) since kun opened his own instagram account, op asked if he could speak korean during his ig lives kun: of course! op: since noona cant speak chinese kun: of course! (x2) (2/3)
“(In Chinese..) from Philippines named Heaven. ‘I’m Heaven from Philippines! In 2020 too there are many new things that I would like to try but among those the one I would like to do the most is go to Dreamies’ concert~Akdong Seoul staff, guests, and ren-d in 2020 as well I’ll be 
KimHanBin DEMO is still trending #32 on Weibo real time hot search Chinese lyrics translated by Bin Bar 金韩彬吧官博 KimHanBinBar 
People who claim the existence of Chinese “imperialism” often point to the (low interest, routinely forgiven) loans given to African countries for development. Is the blue region on this graph really what’s forcing changes to those countries’ political landscapes? 
Thank you Jimin, for all the hard work in 2019 Chinese ARMYs and Jimin Bar wish you the best for 2020 See you tomorrow @BTS_twt #JIMIN 
"The ... Chinese Foreign Ministry ... urged foreign politicians to stop confusing right and wrong & interfering in Hong Kong affairs" I think you will find it is the CCP that is confusing right and wrong #StandwithHK #Hong Kong @hk_watch  …
Outside of the Chinese embassy in Washington DC yesterday! “Five demands! Not one less!” #HongKongProtests #HongKongPoliceBrutality ⁦ @FreedomHKG⁩ ⁦ @Stand_with_HK⁩ ⁦ @hk_watch⁩ ⁦ @Fight4HongKong⁩ ⁦ @SolomonYue⁩ ⁦ @demosisto⁩ ⁦ @HongKongFP⁩ 
200102 Calvin Klein Weibo Update: Spokesperson @layzhang wearing new spring Chinese New Year Collection #producerLayZhang #LayZhang #อี้ชิง #张艺兴 #Lay #Yixing #ZhangYixing #레이 #レイ #장이씽 
#ChineseAmbassdor to Nepal Hou Yanqi told the Global Times on Thursday that she believes 2020 will be a peak year in terms of Chinese tourist arrivals to #Nepal. Hou went viral by posting her ad-like photos promoting Nepalese tourism. @PRCAmbNepal Photo: Courtesy of Hou 
Chinese employer paying Zimbabweans their wages. ARVs, Condolences, William Ruto,Naivasha,Mpesa, Kenya, Atwoli, 
#CPEC phase 2 will allow #Pakistan to export around 313 new products to the Chinese market with 0% duties & make 90% of #China’s global imports duty-free for Pakistan. Pakistan is already enjoying 0% duties on exports of 724 products to China under the 1st 2006 free trade 
Bian Lian is an ancient Chinese dramatic art that is part of the more general Sichuan opera. Typically, performers change from one face to another almost instantaneously with the swipe of a fan, a movement of the head, or wave of the hand  
Jennie's Mise en Scene dye and product stands are the most repurchased items in their chinese warehouses; realtors continously buy and restock her products as the general public's interest in Jennie grows 
This Chinese city's traffic is controlled by an #AI brain MT @marcusborba @Paula_Piccard @HaroldSinnott @MHiesboeck @alvinfoo #SmartCity #ArtificialIntelligence #DeepLearning #DataScience #BigData #Analytics #MachineLearning #IoT #DigitalTransformation 
China: “Disarm American citizens.” Disarmed Chinese citizens don’t even get to choose which color bag goes over their head when they disappear for political dissent.  …
China's main space contractor has announced it aims to launch 40+ times in 2020. CASC launched 66 satellites on 27 launchers in 2019 (out of a total of 34 Chinese launches). Commercial  will thus add to China's overall launches this year.
Kudos PM @narendramodi ki @PiyushGoyal This step will go a ling way to curb Chinese imports and encourage SMEs. Strict quality checks, curbs expected on import goods worth $127 billion in 6 months  … via @BT_India
Chinese skiers want books removed from Norwegian libraries. Why you ask? That's a Chinese not a Norwegian problem  
More dirt on the corrupt #Biden’s Hunter Biden’s Blood Mine  in which #HunterBiden invested may profit from brutal crackdown at African mine  … #ThursdayThoughts #LockThemAllUp #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica #Trump2020Landslide #KAG
The Kyrie 6 gets a Chinese New Year make over:  
200102 WayV TOTM fansign I told Hendery that I loved his parts in King of Hearts and that he should write more lyrics for WayV’s songs in the future & he said that he already wrote some and is working on more! I also asked him to give me a Chinese name, can someone translate lol 
Chinese Lanterns.. Enough reason to BAN THE BLOODY THINGS!!Dozens of animals are burnt alive at German zoo on New Year's Eve  … via @MailOnline #ThursdayThoughts
More than 100 Uyghur graveyards demolished by Chinese authorities, satellite images show  
Stunning agility: Chinese monk runs atop water in Quanzhou, China 
This is a confirmed account, retweeted by verified Chinese Govt reps. Note that most of the new Chinese accounts that have gone online in the last 6 months are posting in English cc @thespybrief @LouiseMensch @john_sipher  …
In 2020, let’s make it impossible to do business with China while the Chinese state operates genocidal Muslim concentration camps. Shame and  doing business with the blood spattered CCP until trade  all but unthinkable. No justice, no peace.
The mayor of Prague, Zdenek Hrib, is a rare Western leader prepared to stand up to China’s bullying. Astonishing story of the Chinese ambassador causing a scene at a diplomatic reception because Hrib had also invited Taiwan’s representative.  …
The Chinese government ends 2019 as fearful of its people as ever, detaining a dozen Chinese lawyers and activists for participating in a private democracy gathering. 
Chinese Document Leaks Provide New Evidence of China’s Persecution of Muslim Uyghurs  … via @harvardpolitics
Any party that has Canada's interests at heart would see that we simply cannot award 5G to a   … The PRC now poses the single greatest threat to Canada's security, values, and autonomy as an independent country
i wore baju kurung to dinner yesterday in a chinese restaurant. most of the uncles and aunties was looking at me. one of the uncles came and approached me asking why do i wear like dat. he said i was brain washed and i'll masuk islam soon.
Due 2 extreme weather conditions in Western China,fruits,veges,seafood can’t be shipped from Eastern China;Chinese govt has initiated 2 flights p/week from Pak which’ll carry 60 tons of seafood. This is a golden chance for exporters 2 take advantage of this seasonal opportunity.
#Xu #Zhiyong, Chinese civic activist, lawyer, human rights defender, constitutionalist and patriot, who is either on the run from police or has just been put in police custody again, issued "A 2020 New Year’s Message" calling for sweeping change in  …
Sensex rises 320 points led by RIL & HDFC; Nifty near all-time high; Tata Steel, Suzlon Energy, PNB Housing Finance stocks gain; Ultratech jumps 5% Domestic investors followed Asian equities that rallied on Chinese central bank's fresh stimulus for the country's slowing economy
Endangered apes die in zoo fire caused by "Chinese lanterns." I'm not keen on banning things, but releasing one of these flying incendiary devices should be an indictable offence.  
Dozens of Jordanians protested in front of the Chinese embassy in Amman on Tuesday, against China's treatment of #Uyghurs in  …
 … King Choice the most popluar Chinese idol 2020 You can vote 10 times/hour!!! *with the green King Choice is the biggest KPOP vote website! Let's vote for JUN #문준휘 #준 #세븐틴 #JUN #SEVENTEEN #文俊辉 #ジュン
Who cares what the opposition thinks, tell me why Trudeau is obsessed with this Chinese operation all our allies warn us of! Political parties at odds as Ottawa nears 5G decision on Huawei  … #cdnpoli
Dont misunderstand eh! Its only our @CMOKerala teaching us lessons on Tolerance Apptly he got angry wth MC for an event when she asks everyone to stand up at the time of lamp lighting. CM orders all to sit down We follow only Chinese rituals, We are proud Commies, you see 
#Japan Eyes New Tech Law to Fend Off #Chinese Influence Japan plans a law to provide incentives  to use domestic parts in high-tech equipment to increase  & fend off Chinese influence in security-related infrastructure  …
Africa has been the destination for Chinese FM's first foreign visit every year. The good tradition has been carried on for 30 years in a row including this year. Foreign Minister Wang Yi will visit Egypt, Djibouti, Eritrea, Burundi & Zimbabwe from Jan. 7 to 13. 
Beijing is putting more pressure on hk courts when NPCSC openly slammed court’s ruling on anti-mask law as unconstitutional. CCP stated to “strengthen law & enforcement mechanisms to safeguard national interests” All are alarming & we should stay alert to Chinese interference.
The Russians, Chinese and Iranians  to dominate the Eurasian landmass and the EU/EC is running for student representative council at some second tier university  …
Chinese Neo-Colonialism spreading in #Africa ( #AddisAbaba, #Ethiopia) #China 
A great opportunity for Pak exporters to China as Phase II of China-Pakistan Free Trade Agreement goes into effect allowing duty-free export of 313 new products from Pakistan to Chinese market. Thanks to PM @ImranKhanPTI & his trade  team.
Chinese Olympic ski team requested a #Norway public library to remove various books censored in #China as Chinese skiers hold training camp near town of Meråker. The training camp is a...  …
Chinese hotpot is my fave how can someone pass that up  …
Me: it's an ancient Chinese healing method called cupping Him: please take your hand out of my pants
I had so many emails about fireworks distressing pets & being dangerous - this is the future of light shows in the sky. Clever. Also, watched Chinese lanterns float past my house NYE. Then read about a zoo in Germany that burnt down, killed animals cos of lanterns like them.  …
Yes but they do support zionist. Its like chinese supporting their government on uyghur concentration camp
Can anyone honestly say that Ireland or any EU country wouldn’t implement the new Chinese Social Credit system of control if they could get away with it? 
reasons? Easy, chinese and indian will never approve him, someone with religious background, no matter how many good policies he introduced. Non muslim in Malaysia actually really islamophobic, which is sad
I know you can’t read Chinese but you will understand this aswear 兵工厂 2 - 0 曼联
Chinese scientist who claimed to create gene-edited babies sentenced to 3 years in prison 
Actor Wang Kai performed Leslie Cheung’s song at a show, but lyricist’ name is stated as anonymous rather than Lin Xi, as @appledaily_hk reports. Songs by the legendary and prolific lyricist have been banned from Chinese streaming platforms due to his support for HK protests. 
The mayor of #Prague was  diplomats to a reception in the Czech capital when the Chinese ambassador approached and demanded that he kick out the representative of #Taiwan, which China does not recognise - Read @JamesShotter:  … via @financialtimes
A Chinese scientist’s attempt to smuggle laboratory samples out of the U.S. in his luggage “was not an isolated incident,” prosecutors said. “Rather, it appears to have been a coordinated crime, with likely involvement by the Chinese government.” 
#BLACKPINK #JISOO #블랙핑크 #지수 Personal Gift From One Chinese Jisoo Fan 
If Jun's dad is heechul and heechul is dating momo that means momo is now the mother of Jun What amaze me is that this family is a multinational A KOREAN FATHER, A JAPANESE MOTHER AND A CHINESE SON 
2020 Chinese Government Scholarships are open for application in Maldives. These are part of dozens of scholarships provided annually.  to study in China. 
They fire doctors, pay them peanuts then they go to China for medical reviews paying Chinese doctors and institutions huge tax payers dollars in forex. They then claim they are patriotic, love Zim. These people are leaders in hell
Chinese copper stocks are returning to favor as the outlook for demand brightens, with a late spurt delivering the best annual gain in half a decade for the largest, Jiangxi Copper Co. 
The Chinese Football Association (CFA) on Thursday appointed 42-year-old Li Tie as head coach of the country's national football team. Li was a regular member of the Chinese national team between 1999 and 2008. 
Chinese passenger who threw coins at plane ordered to pay US$17,200 to Lucky Air  …
Making Chinese Drunkard’s peanuts for 2020: 1) mix peanuts w egg + starch 2) fry in oil 3) add BBQ sauce, chili powder, sesame 
Chinese social credit system: You get points if you praise  party on social . media. If you lose points, you cannot buy flights tickets or will be publicly named & shamed THIS IS A TOTALITARIAN STATE, INCLUDING CONCENTRATION CAMPS. Please share this. It is scary. 
>> #Kenya's struggle with the burden of #Chinese loans Loan repayments to China will nearly triple from July as the five-year grace period that Beijing extended to Kenya in May 2014 for the standard gauge railway (SGR)  to an end.  
Nearly 10,000 participants from more than 30 countries participate in a cross-border marathon in Ruili, a Chinese city bordering Myanmar (recorded)  …
BREAKING: 2nd batch of MIC Model 3s will start to be delivered to Chinese customers at #GF3 on January 7th. It’ll be a major event. Rumor has it Elon & Chinese officials will be there. On Jan 7th, 2019, @elonmusk attended the ground opening ceremony of GF3. 
From Uruguayan dairy products to Chilean red wine and Mexican avocados, more and more products from Latin America are making their way into the Chinese market thanks to the #CIIE. China is presently the second largest trading partner of Latin 
To wish li yongqin the first anniversary of the debut of the Chinese team, 227 safety yellow hats were donated to the students in the name of li yongqin. #tenlee_1001 #TEN1010 
After working with Chinese I can safely say they are punctual but not professional.
This #HongKongProtester could have died from #HongKong #PoliceBrutality - body slamming, knee pressing on his neck, & a gun pointing at his stomach. And of coz cops will say at today’s press con that they’ve used “min. force”. Video: Chinese University Student Press FB 
“Chinese start-up Mobike has announced that it lost more than 200,000 bikes in 2019.”  …
The New Colonization: China Is Building Enormous Self-Sustaining Chinese Cities All Over The African Continent | Zero Hedge  …
Meat exports to China to grow rapidly under FTA-II. Chinese inspectors visiting soon  formalities! Thank you for your support, HE Amb Yao Jing of China! 
Something to reverse in 2020 - “Over in China, the inclusion of Chinese stocks into major global benchmarks helped the Shanghai Stock Exchange Composite Index to record a double-digit climb in 2019.”  …
Had a great meeting, along with @razak_dawood, with HE Amb Yao Jing of China. He offered to work jointly to promote FTA-II. Chinese “Buying Delegation” to visit Pak soon. All out joint efforts will be made to improve Pak trade balance quickly. Great start to 2020! 
17 priority projects of social development under CPEC will be launched in the first half of 2020 : Chinese Ambassador #CPEC #BRI @zlj517 @CathayPak @WangXianfeng8  …
My feed: "Why are there so many self-proclaimed China experts who are both uninformed and won't bother to learn Chinese?" Answer: There's a demand for it. 
A prescient warning for those who think  can bail themselves out through asset sales - assets are only worth what someone else is prepared to pay, and that could be zero...  …
Yes I have a lot of Malay friends. And what about it? I’m never racist. I had been hanging out with Malays & Chinese since schooling days. They are amazing, supportive, loving and definitely felt like a family. Oh one more thing, we don’t backstab each other. Period
Lot of mirth in Islamo-Left circles at the term “BJP student”. It would have read “BJP-supporting student” had twitter been more generous with number of characters. But that is a diversion. “When the finger points to the moon, the idiot points to the finger”—Chinese proverb 
This is how Mainland Chinese treat other cultures, they just vandalize any thg they dislike! Same shit is happening all over the world. #HongKong #StandWithHK 
African slay queens are like cheap chinese shoes good looking but no quality
abbacchio fics be like *empty chinese takeout boxes* *empty chinese takeout boxes* *empty chinese takeout boxes* *empty chinese takeout boxes* *empty chinese takeout boxes* *empty chinese takeout boxes* *empty chinese takeout boxes* *empty chinese takeout boxes* *empty chinese ta
SJM wants central government to ban participation of  in 5G trials in view of national security and privacy issues:  … via @eOrganiser
My Lyft driver told me he thought I was a Chinese man or Buddhist monk because I’m wearing a large red scarf in my picture. He said “nobody’s ever told you that before?” incredulously as if...it’s...unclear.
The Chinese name for Hoopoe is 戴胜, dài-shèng, literally translated as "wear headdress". 
One Chinese city has recently launched a smartphone map that displays the location and identity of anyone within 500 meters who’s landed on a government creditworthiness blacklist. It’s chilling, dystopian — and likely to be quite popular 
It is just beginning..already China in hold of airport, Railway operations in Pakistan! Won’t be surprised if we see ‘Rehabilitation’ camps in near future! Chinese national held for beating traffic police constable in Karachi 
The Chinese Communist Party’s ideology is “morally  with the Christian faith."  …
Rs 4,00,000 cr wasted Finance Minister announced Rs 1L Cr in new infrastructure projects. That’s great Though I wish Govt  efficient in managing the projects already started Over 4L Cr of cost overruns in 388 infra projects (MoSPI) This is where Chinese score over us 
My mother ran a very successful international trade programme that connected EC farmers with Chinese manufacturers for wool exports while she was at ECDC. She was trade director but EC being EC, they drove her out, appointments at the govt agency became political. That was that.  …
They created a Chinese swastika to pretend that China & not the US is a threat to the world.  …
A Chinese researcher was on his way back to China when US customs caught him trying to smuggle cancer cells out of the US in a sock. Prosecutors said the effort was coordinated with the Chinese government. 
Friendly reminder to anyone who has a Chinese factory supplier that it's Chinese new year on the 25th meaning everything there is shut down for 2 weeks, and the week before and after will be busy filling orders, so if you're going to order something, triple order it right now
When @YanzhongHuang @CFR_org speaks on public #health issues, it's time to listen! Here's his must-read @nytimes on #China #SwineFever:  … "A #crisis that might have been manageable quickly became a small catastrophe b/c of how the Chinese state operates."
VLinkage is the most relevant chart that chinese netizens and chinese entertainment look at. Just look at the  and likes as one of the indicators at how much cnetz placed emphasis on this chart 
this is random but theres a chinese drama wherein the characters spent episodes defending monsta x (hyungwon in particular) from a scandal and prevented him from leaving the group-- before i thought this was kinda funny since they made  but it hits different now 
"Sebagai contoh, kereta Audi R8 saya tersadai sejak saya mempunyai anak..." That's it. I'm done with this T20 so-called Dutch-Chinese mix woman. Blocking her to refrain my self from cursing people in 2020.
Day’s position on the Chinese business council and his personal investments in China render his opinion mute for me. Our current and past head of CSIS have  out strongly and  alignment with the US on the issue & that’s exactly where I land too!  …
Chinese stocks are at a nearly two-year high after policy makers took more steps to help the economy 
chinese restaurants that double as rave venues are portals into hell but i love them
So - a few chinese players qualified for the #AOSummerSmash by playing a tournament last week! Since the international scene rarely gets to take a look at other regions, especially Asia: Tomorrow, @AussieAntics and I will be casting over those games in for the english audience!
Wow Yoona, the only Non-Chinese Artist on the Vlinkage 2019 list This is a Vlinkage 2019 for Top 50 Female Actress and Yoona rank No. 35. She is the only one from Korea in the list, no other than her. Vlinkage is the ONLY relevant to Chinese Industry! Her popularity 
jennie should work for tourism korea; a staggering amount of Chinese celebs and bloggers have been posing where iconic jennie pics have been taken 
These 7 members' precision choreography was broadcast live not just across the United States, but also to China and countries all over the world. Chinese Reporter: The atmosphere for their performance was a level above those of the other artists. BTS has finished their +
NBA Now Requiring All Players To Stand For Chinese National Anthem 
Taiwan President Defends New Law Against Chinese Interference, Rejects Beijing’s Offer Of ‘One Country, Two Systems’  …
FYI: The British destroyed China from within by flooding their Country with Opium. The Chinese are Now doing this to America. By America Legalizing mood altering drugs, we  in our own demise. This is non traditional Warfare on how to destroy a Country from within.
Chinese people be like “you want tupac shakur” ? No bitch I said 2 packs of sugar
Chinese Central Bank announced that starting Jan 6, it will lower the required reserve ratio(RRR) - or the amount of money banks are required to have on hand - by 0.5%  lenders, in the process releasing about 800 billion yuan ($115 billion)..  …
Worth noting that Christianity is reportedly the fastest growing religion in China -- self-evident that the Chinese Communist Party views it as a threat, which tells you everything you need to know about the Chinese Communist Party  …
A Chinese movie #NeZha topped 2019 #China Box office.. #Baahubali series has done well all over #India Hindi movies which have grossed > ₹ 300 Crs in India haven't done the same in South lang dubs.. Time for Hindi and South Stars to collaborate to beat #Hollywood in India..
Homeless people are hackers. New York. A Chinese man, known only as “Joe”, created a tiny studio apartment hidden inside Manhattan Bridge’s upper deck girders. Joe’s home featured a reading lamp, gas heater, stove, stocked pantry, and was insulated with 5 inches of styrofoam. 
The US is currently angling for a potentially devastating war with Iran to appease Zionist oligarchs, Europeans are being replaced and we're meant to worry about China? No Chinese person ever tried to replace me with foreigners in my homeland. The Irish right is  joke.  …
in a few days, lisa will go to china and i can't be happier for all lisa chinese fans. they deserved it for working and loving lisa so hard especially to lisabar for not interferring and joining fanwars. may 2020 be the best year for all of us. #LISA #LALISA  …
Under 2nd phase of CPFTA, #Pakistani manufacturers & #traders are allowed to export around 313 new products on zero duty to the #Chinese market. Import of 6,786 items from #China exempted from duty. #PtiRevivingEconomy
#DetectiveChinatown3 leads #WangBaoqiang and #LiuHaoran for Omnijoi International Cinema, “Let’s meet in theaters on Chinese New Year’s Day” 
On the first day of the year. Protesting outside of the Chinese Embassy in Wash DC, shouting “5 Demands! Not One Less!” #HongKongProtestets ⁦ @FreedomHKG⁩ ⁦ @Stand_with_HK⁩ ⁦ @hk_watch⁩ ⁦ @Fight4HongKong⁩ ⁦ @SolomonYue⁩ ⁦ @hkdc_us⁩ #HongKong 
Chinese vernacular schools almost went extinct in the mid-90s. Chinese ed was seen as backward and isolationist, with decrepit schools. That all reversed from 1999, when Melayuislamisasi was ramped up.  …
Chinese copper stocks are returning to favor as the outlook for demand brightens 
It looks like there's a decent chance that the first satellite launch of the 2020s will fall to some mysterious Chinese thingy on a Long March 3B out of Xichang (expected January 5-7-ish). Details here:  
I'm still trying to get over Ivanka on what was once a serious news show. NO questions about family separations, emoluments, Chinese patents, rising anti-Semitism, etc. What DID they talk about?
A Chinese scientist’s attempt to smuggle laboratory samples out of the U.S. in his luggage “was not an isolated incident,” prosecutors said. “Rather, it appears to have been a coordinated crime, with likely involvement by the Chinese government.” 
Residents get free Laba porridge from major temples as a tradition to celebrate Laba Festival across #China, which falls on the eighth day of the 12th lunar month and considered as a prelude to the Chinese New Year 
GOP senator slams Chinese dictator over new, Mao-reminiscent title 
Africans already ruled by Chinese at schools. 
HongKong protester always say "Five demands, no one less", however they can't even write it in Chinese. 
Over one-quarter of the world's pigs died last year, almost all in China. Why? 'A crisis that might have been manageable quickly became a small catastrophe because of how the Chinese state operates.' China's 'governance system is unsound.'  …
The Chinese were an isolated culture from the rest of the world for thousands of years They have a proverb: 杀一儆百 "Kill one to warn one hundred" Translation: make an example of one person to deter other aggressors. Is this true in all cultures and eras? Yes. It's eternal.
Chinese Fulvetta Medium-sized (12cm) grey fulvetta with white eye and whitish throat boldly streaked with brown. Endemic to China. This photo was shot in Sichuan, China, in May 2019. 
A Chinese scientist’s attempt to smuggle laboratory samples out of the U.S. in his luggage “was not an isolated incident,” prosecutors said. “Rather, it appears to have been a coordinated crime, with likely involvement by the Chinese government.” 
What could possibly go wrong The New Colonization: China Is Building Enormous Self-Sustaining Chinese Cities All Over The African Continent  …
Chinese high speed rail station in snow. Harbin station. 
thirteen years gap?? you know who else has the number thirteen?? Cosmic Girls, also known as WJSN, is a South Korean-Chinese girl group formed by Starship Entertainment and Yuehua Entertainment. The group debuted on February 25, 2016 with the extended play Would You Like?
"In addition to widespread control of  activities, the new measures require religious personnel to support, promote and implement total submission to the Chinese Communist Party among all members of   …
NYT: U.S. customs officer pulled aside a 29-year-old Chinese cancer researcher last month as he prepared to board a Boston-Beijing flight, and found 21 vials of cancer cells stuffed in his socks, stolen from his lab at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. 
The executive director of Human Rights Watch is posting boomeresque memes of a Chinese Nazi on its way to kill the world. 2020 is off to a flying start  …
OMFG CHINESE NEW YEAR PIKACHU!!! Only sold in Singapore 
Heck of a story. Cramming research vials in his socks. "Chinese medical student accused of trying to smuggle cancer research material out of Boston"  …
‘Severe Human Rights Flaw’: Chinese State Run Outlet Blasts U.S. Gun Ownership After Texas Shooting  …
After the way Beijing has acted towards Canada, Trudeau should’ve disqualified Huawei long ago Until the 2 Canadians currently being held hostage by the Chinese government are freed, Huawei should be banned entirely from Canada  …
Resolution #2 Learn Chinese
Rare photo of Kim Il Sung (front: 2nd from right) as an officer of Soviet Red Army’s 88th International Brigade in 1943. To his left is his Chinese Communist Commander Zhou Baozhong. 88th Brigade was formed frm Northeast Anti-Japanese United Army retreated to USSR frm Manchuria 
 in March 2018 announced that it would add 333 Chinese govt bonds to its Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Bond Index. That opened the way for tens of billions of dollars to flow from investment funds in the U.S. and elsewhere to four Chinese institutions"  …
Ordered a cable from a Chinese seller on eBay. 75 cents all-in, delivered from China. But didn't the @UPU_UN allow the US to renegotiate these "small packet" rates? Yes, they did. Chinese sellers are now getting around this by sending their stuff from--wait for it--Kyrgyzstan.
Thanks to these Chinese workers, China is growing stronger and stronger. #ChinaStory 
chinese sites sending irish translations with products you buy off them instead of english ones is something that brings me great joy 
The Hancheng Lake Park is located in nothern Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. It is a culture theme park of Han Dynasty (202BC - 220AD) in China. The most highlights is to experience Han Chinese clothing and learn relevant rites. The park was opened to public on October 1, 2011. 
Dazu Rock Carvings is located in Chongqing, China. It was built from 650AD in Tang Dynasty (618AD - 907AD). Among the rock carvings, there are over 50,000 statues and 100,000 Chinese characters of inscriptions and epigraphs. In 1999, it listed in World Heritage List by UNESCO. 
. @tiktok_us is a threat to our national security and I’m glad @DeptofDefense has ordered all personnel to remove the app. TikTok provides the Chinese government with information on its users &  couldn’t even muster the courage to meet with lawmakers.  …
In addition to frisbee-size pupils (COCAINE!) looks like Justin #TrudeauBlackface has a bit of a burn on the tip of his nose down in Costa Rica on his dudebro vacay *while Michael Kovrig & Michael Spavor languish in a Chinese prison Is @JustinTrudeau’s burned nose 
We have read reports on the papal slapping of Chinese laywoman, with  in different secular newspapers of 5 different languages: in all of them, the vast majority of readers condemned Francis with strong words. But papolaters want to blame "trads", what can we do?
That's nothing, the OPM hack lasted from 2009 to 2014. Federal employees were told about it at the end of 2014 & that it was probably the Chinese. FYI: HRC's bathroom server was online at this time too. EVERY federal organization goes through OPM. Think about it.
200102 [MELON] #OBSESSION is #12 on Melon Chart as of 8AM KST and the Chinese vers is out of TOP100 EXOL Let's try to keep OBSESSION within TOP10 all day long and start the day off on TOP5 Also #EXO is trending on Melon Real Ti each currently at #4 @weareoneEXO 
We as a society need to talk more about this drawing donghua wwx gave lwj while trying to get his attention in the library pavilion which is a wordplay with the sounds dogs make and the word chicken in Chinese (wang and ji)...teen wwx was infuriating but also so so cute 
That's one way of getting what you want without firing a shot... The New Colonization: China Is Building Enormous Self-Sustaining Chinese Cities All Over The African Continent | Zero Hedge  …
Crackdown on Judaism in China. In 2019, the Chinese government targeted the ancient Kaifeng Synagogue because Judaism is not one of the CCP's “Five Authorized Religions”. Govt personnel removed all Jewish signs and the flag of Israel from doors and windows.  …
How many countries is Trump slapping/not slapping tariffs on to benefit himself personally, thru election interference "favors", Trump Org business deals, or trademarks? How else is he monetizing our foreign policy? How about Ivanka's Chinese trademarks? Tariffs on French wines?
It’s the ”China Hustle” & it’s NOT a dance! Joel Caplan asking to be 3rd party in Hunter Biden’s baby mama suit bc he says Hunter’s bank accounts can solve mystery surrounding billions in missing &  defrauding him of life savings!  …
If she's a desperate Chinese woman pleading with him about what Team Bergoglio has done to her fellow Catholics in China, it sorta changes the lens.  …
“This is the New Year’s message from a civil society leader who is, at this very moment, on the run to elude arrest by the Chinese authorities. A report on this new and ongoing wave of crackdown is   …
Unreported and a huge victory against the Obama administration. Communist control of one of America’s largest container ports was removed. Trump Rids Major U.S. Container Port of Chinese Communist Control | Judicial Watch  …
Dan Wang's year-end blog posts are always worth reading. In this year's post, he discusses how China's technological foundations were weaker than he thought. But he's still optimistic that Chinese engineers will "learn by doing" and catch up. 
There's nothing "choppin broccolah" about ignoring  in Chinese labor abuses  …
Queensland government was warned about risks of  water extraction  …
Okay, rather than the usual responses, I'm going to tell you a very old Chinese tale that addresses this exact thing. The take of the Emperor and the Nightingale.  …
My annual letter:  This year I discuss the weaknesses of Chinese technology capabilities and its future prospects; Olaf Stapledon and Philip K. Dick; semiconductors & defense spending; life in Beijing; Ford’s Model T; Goebbels; and the golden mole.
On the first day of the year, I prayed for Pastor Wang Yi at the Chinese embassy in Wash, DC after he was sentenced to 9 years in prison for his faith. #HongKongProtests #HongKongProtesters ⁦ @FreedomHKG⁩ ⁦ @Stand_with_HK⁩ ⁦ @hk_watch⁩ ⁦ @Stand_with_HK⁩ 
Even after Zumrat Dawut was released from an internment camp in Xinjiang, the monitoring by the Chinese government didn't stop. So she left for the U.S. and became a voice for those still locked up. Watch her story:  
Under a long-term deal sealed by the Obama admin, a Chinese  was set to control the 2nd busiest container port in the U.S. In an unreported @realDonaldTrump admin victory, the Communists are out after a national security review. 
Stories mirroring the experiences #FalunGong—persecuted by the Chinese regime since 1999—are now occurring in to the roughly 11 million #Uyghur and other #Muslim minorities in #China’s northwestern region of  …
fuck it chinese Paris 
"Giving your son a skill is better than giving him one thousand pieces of gold." ~ Chinese Proverb
22 Years Later: How The Chinese Communist Party Destroyed Legacy of the Hong Kong Handover  …
Here are all the books I published in 2019! 3 category-length novels and 2 novellas. For 2020: January 7: A Fake Girlfriend for Chinese New Year February 4: A Big Surprise for Valentine's Day Late May: Fong Brothers 1 (Vince) September: ?? November: ?? 
2/ since you all have been so outspoken about politician's children benefiting from their father's position, once we have an honest Atty General, we can start looking into, let's see: Chinese trademarks, Kushner's RE funding & the whole relationship w MBS (scary) for a start.
Chinese B/W television with Famicom cartridge slot. Changtai aka 昌泰 is a group  established in 1995.  
am i the only one who’s glad that sm followed the trend of putting foreign members in a grp? I just love the diversity of an international group singing and dancing to korean, english, chinese, japanese and even thai songs. i always respect foreign members during interviews and-  …
The word "wean" has a meaning. And what the Chinese are doing is definitely not that.
A thread: The Untamed and the ARMY. How and why this Chinese web drama became beloved by the ARMY.
Almost everyone in Beijing is Chinese! Almost everyone in East Los Angeles is Hispanic! Almost everyone in Tokyo is Japanese!
People are asking, "What did she say?" After studying the audio on @fatherz's blog, here's my take: In heavily Chinese-accented English, she says, "Holy Father, stay!" then a few unintelligible words (which sound to me like "lies and stories"), followed by "is very defeated!"  …
IMO, Vechain $VET will not only see a Euro Settlement Coin (see San Marino) but also a Chinese RMB state backed coin, providing the link between traditional, and the new crypto financial infrastructure needed for the multi trillion $Belt and Road Initiative project. $VET $BTC
me waiting for my chinese takeaway five minutes after I ordered it: 
Happy New Year to the delivery people who hand you a very large amount of Chinese food that could feed a village without eye contact and judgement.
Her breastfeeding baby was separated from her and died when she was arrested.eldest daughter was taken away by Chinese officials. One of the boy was left home to search his mother and killed by car accident. Not clear whereabouts of other two kids. Now their mother also killed  …
If that’s the case, his response simply sums up his policy toward Chinese Catholics. Despicable.  …
I was told that I am "very mean" to Ivanka Trump for calling her out for owning Chinese slaves and  in Trump's cruelty. So, to make up for it, I will list all of Ivanka's  in this tweet. Done.
I’ll always remember 2019 as the year I was assigned a “victim identification number” by the US postal inspectors because @vicmignogna’s fans are god damned weeaboo terrorists. Here’s hoping  with 100% fewer threats over chinese cartoons. 
The suffering of Uighurs caught global attention this year—but the Chinese authorities weren’t moved. 
We have tradition where we go to this little Chinese Restaurant every January 1st. Here's to a wonderful 2020 full of success, growth, health, wealth, love and happiness #NewYearsDay 
Chinese ambassadors are now posting on twitter in the fashion of the Instagram Influencer. Believe it or not... I actually believe this is the future of public diplomacy. This short blog post explains why:   …
Queensland government was warned about risks of  water extraction  …
New Year’s Eve party organized by Uyghur American Association. Uyghurs will stop crying and start fighting the Chinese Communist Party in 2020. #FreeUyghur #UygurTurkleri #DoguTurkistan 
(Seriously though, read Harlem Renaissance writers and read working people’s writing and read 1920s labor history and read what we were doing to black people and Native Americans and the Chinese - the 1920s was fun for a pretty small group of people.)
The phone holder in the UP! also doubles up as a Chinese takeaway holder. Genius. 
Taiwan President Rejects Chinese Offer to Unite Under Beijing Rule  
I’m Your Girl - SMROOKIES (Chinese version by #NINGNING & 
It's a sign of Trump's moral bankruptcy that he would rather get payola and praise from Russian, Saudi, N. Korean, Chinese... tyrants rather than support democracy movements.  …
Guo Wengui, the Chinese Billionaire living at Mar a Lago, is being accused by a DC based  of actually working for Chinese Intel TranslatedWSJ tweet 
2nd phase of #Pakistan- #China FTA effective from January 01, 2020. Now, Pakistani manufacturers & traders are allowed to export around 313 new products on zero duty to the Chinese market. Pakistan was already enjoying zero duty on export of 724 products. 
Guo Wengui, the Chinese Billionaire living at Mar a Lago, is being accused by a DC based  of actually working for Chinese Intel to id PRC citizens who may be helping US against China in the NatSec space, reports WSJ @thespybrief @LouiseMensch  …
My head says: hey, it’s 2020, and this is the heaviest you’ve ever been. I know your hungry and sleep deprived, but you should have a healthy balanced meal My heart: order pizza, tacos, Chinese, anything takeout. Who care if you end up spending $50+? You deserve it @theblondeMD
When as many Chinese embassies as US embassies are attacked around the world, that’s a sign China has truly achieved superpower status.
So if the $SBES IPO is anything like $DUO we could see a 10X return on the initial valuation. Potentially even way higher than that even due to the shear size of the Panshi/RockySaaS existing Chinese client base. We could see $10/share in 2020.
Chinese archaeologists have found over 220 terracotta warriors in the Mausoleum of the First Emperor of China, Qin Shi Huang, adding to his enormous army of soldiers for the afterlife.  …
Chinese employees of China's electric bus manufacturer Yutong learn Spanish in Cuba in order to live and  with clients and also to learn more about culture 
Celebrate the New Year with our new mini pin sets! We have New Year and Chinese New Year minipins to  your Fursona Pins!  
BAN THE DAMNED CHINESE LANTERNS. !!!!!! Dozens of animals are burnt alive at German zoo on New Year's Eve  via 
What's the toughest part of the Chinese Marathon? That moment you hit the wall.
Chinese Disinformation in Taiwan – Taiwan Sentinel  …
Evergreen headline. Allowing Western capital into the Chinese financial markets is a bug, not a feature.  …
Woke up in a hotel room with bae and we ate cold Chinese food for breakfast but only had one fork left from my hershey's pie so we kept alternating while watching Finding Nemo. Love is a lil ghetto 
My main goal in 2020, in addition to helping my western friends know better about crypto in China or China's situation in general, is getting global Bitcoin voice heard in China Due to historical reasons we all know, local  is filled with filthy narrative (cont.
What if I told you that the Chinese  2020 with a drone light-show because fireworks are so last year 
Florence Pugh says she was shocked by how normal Saoirse Ronan was, knitting in between takes or preparing a traditional English Sunday roast for her costars when Chinese takeout would not deliver to the remote #LittleWomen 
R. I. P. Boma & Massa and all the apes lost in the fire. Died 01.01.2020 At a Fire in a Zoo in Germany Krefeld‘s great apes’ house.. #SayNoToZoo #SayNoToAnimalSlavery Chinese lanterns appear to be blamed for setting the ape house alight. Lives lost for human pleasure again! 
$1 Billion Chinese Grant Pakistan, with a grant of $1 billion from China will undertake 27 projects in multiple sectors including,Agriculture,Health,Education,Drinking water,Poverty alleviation, The Joint Working Group on the socio-economic development of #CPEC 
In 2002, SARS outbreak, China suppressed the news, and spread the SARS to HK. When HK economy goes down due to SARS, #CCP controls HK’s economy and suppressed the freedom of speech. Now on the Chinese Intranet, there are only the rumours about how SARS spread from HK to China.
Wait. Didn’t Ivanka get Chinese trademarks before those tariffs?
Beauty is the wisdom of women. Wisdom is the beauty of men. ~ Chinese Proverb (obsolete) [15810] #proverbs #sayings quotes
2020 is a Chinese year of the Rat, starting from January 25th, 2020 and lasting until February 11th, 2021. @TrueFactsStated  
Vegan chinese with my bbe @amyythevegan the best start to 2020 
On December 20, satellite imagery recorded 95 Chinese boats without fishing gear surrounding the Philippines' Thitu Island. Learn how China uses maritime militias to assert its claim over the South China Sea:  
most of us celebrate the New Year defined by the “Gregorian Calendar” - introduced by Pope Gregory XIII. Many cultures had calendars but HE PUT HIS NAME ON IT!! Also note- Berber Year is 2970 Jewish Year is 5779 Chinese Year is 4717 Hindi Year is 3102 Ethiopian Year is 2012
How many queer Chinese workers in the 19th century lived ordinary and brilliant lives, what did they feel, what were their resentments and their fears and their loves? I don’t know. All I have is census records of lumber workers in a boarding house.
For @nytimes to sanitize Uighur Genocide at Chinese concentration camps as “boarding school” where kids are taught is even more egregious when you see how the KKK sanitizes Auschwitz not as a Nazi concentration camp—but as a “summer camp” for relaxation 
My wish for you this  as I read another batch of 19th century farmowner letters just to find three sentences documenting Chinese labor in the west. Eight sentences on the weather, twelve on the pigs, and two sentences about the jolly and hardworking “Chinaman.”
And what about white, Asian and Chinese girls, they don't get a look in. Only last week some academics were throwing a loobine, cause they thought it inappropriate to offer "white boys" a scholarship.
the entirety of bts except yoongi is on timeout until they take him for chinese hot pot 
I’m a Chinese American queer Chaucerian & this float gives me so many FEELZ  …
Happy New Year 2020 illustration by "Legend of Hei" chinese animated feature film's staff.  … 
A Chinese researcher was on his way back to China when US customs caught him trying to smuggle cancer cells out of the US in a sock. Prosecutors said the effort was coordinated with the Chinese government. 
We did it!! Check out our glorious Centennial float in the 2020 #RoseParade. “Cultivating Curiosity" features elements from our Chinese and Japanese Gardens, artworks like #MaryCassatt's "Breakfast in Bed," and the #EllesmereChaucer, all in floral form. 
Chinese dictator Xi Jinping delivered a New Year’s Day address on Tuesday in which he celebrated “significant breakthroughs” in technological development, economic growth, military power, and improved quality of life for China’s poor. 
Me @the Chinese takeaway rn  …
A Fake Girlfriend for Chinese New Year will be here on January 7! *Fake relationship *Friends-to-lovers *Ice skating *Pictionary AMZ:  Kobo:  B&N:  Apple:  
Hong Kong's pro-democracy protesters marked the new year Wednesday by marching in the tens of thousands to reiterate their calls for greater autonomy in the Chinese-controlled city, and denounce their government and the police.  …
‘China, if you’re listening....’ “...FT's Washington bureau chief released an email exchange dated October 9 between him and Pillsbury in which Pillsbury wrote, "Actually, I got a quite a bit of background on Hunter Biden from the Chinese."  …
Anybody: a Chinese: 
NARS celebrates the Chinese New Year with a limited-edition collection inspired by beauty and good fortune. Discover the collection adorned in exclusive glossy-red packaging here:  
No more: ‘When are we seeing?’, ‘Come and see me’. ‘Let’s hang out.’ More of: I know this cool Chinese/Italian/whatever spot. What time are you free? I’ll like to take you there. Be intentional.  …
#Indonesia rejected #China’s claims over a disputed part of the #SouthChinaSea as “having no legal basis,” after two days earlier protesting to #Beijing over the presence of a #Chinese coastguard vessel in its territorial waters.  …
2020… the Year of the Rat according to the Chinese Zodiac. And for me, it’s a Satanic Rat... Prints now available on @Etsy at  … Pick one up, and help the cause by giving this a RT Enjoy and #HailSatan you Sinners! @LucienGreaves @BlackMassAppeal 
The Chinese zodiac calendar was introduced in Japan many, many years ago. There are twelve animal signs used as symbols for each year, and 2020 is the year of the rat. As such, you will see many rat-themed…  …
someone tell yoongi that i will go eat chinese hot pot with him 
So we started out with Chinese ambassadors imitating twitter trolls. Now we have them imitating instagram influencers.  …
A 6-minute performance featuring Chinese folk dance amazes the audience and kicks off Times Square New Year's Eve countdown in New York  
Chinese American Heritage Foundation pays special tribute to World War II recipients of the Congressional Gold Medal and the men and women who so proudly served their county at the height of World War II #chineseamericanheritagefoundation #RoseParade 
The scientist who claimed to edit human embryo genes has been sentenced to prison by the Chinese government 
Yuen Woo-ping #BOTD renowned Chinese martial arts choreographer and film director who most amply displays that action choreography can be an art form. Yuen's choreography for the concluding fight sequence to Tsui Hark's Once Upon a Time in China (1991) is truly sublime. 
"Chinese Communist Party is trying to constrain how people in the United States and other Western democracies talk about China. This encroachment needs a measured response - what we might call freedom-of-speech operations, or FOSOPs for short."  …
Next time an uninformed leftist rags on European colonialism, ask them why they don't seem to care about how the Chinese are colonizing Africa right now "Ultimately what this is about is turning Africa “into another Chinese continent”…  …
[BREAKING] #DISPATCH confirms that NCT DREAM Renjun & Chenle are both Chinese members 
Indonesia issues protest to Beijing over Chinese vessel trespassing in Natuna ... Vietnam, Indonesia, and Malaysia would benefit individually and collectively from simultaneous UNCLOS arbitration filings and applications to ITLOS for provisional measures. 
1) No one came to the Agust D MV Shooting. 2) Now no one answers him when he asks if they want Chinese hot pot. @BTS_twt This is why he betrays y'all in BTS Run
It's ok everyone....the Chinese will be open soon....stay strong
2nd phase of Pak-China FTA effective from Jan. 01,  , Pakistani manufacturers & traders are allowed to export around 313 new products on zero duty to the Chinese market.Pakistan was already enjoying zero duty on export of 724 products. @zlj517 
Headlines matter bc they are often the ONLY part of the story the reader ever sees. As it Imprisons Parents, China Indoctrinates Children Against Islam. "Weaning" and "boarding" schools are no-doubt frames preferred by Chinese gov.  …
The  has praised Chinese President Xi Jinping's New Year speech, saying that China's development benefits people, and giving thumbs up to  to world peace  development  
VIDEO SHARED ON SOCIAL MEDIA SHOWS QUARANTINE MEASURES ON CHINESE DOMESTIC FLIGHTS FROM WUHAN AFTER OUTBREAK OF UNKNOWN RESPIRATORY DISEASE  (via @OttoHuang120 )
Watch #PrimalSurvivor tonight at 9 and the first one to answer correctly wins an exciting prize. Q. What is the name of the lizard Hazen came across that has sticky toes and can walk on glass? 1.Tokay Gecko 2.Chinese Water Dragon 3.Chameleon 
There's an image circulating on Chinese social media that purports to evidence confirmation of SARS in the Wuhan cases from a MapMI (RNA) test done on patient samples. The authenticity or origin of the document is not clear. THREAD including image & my rough translation. (1/4)
In the hospital a couple days ago this sick Chinese woman came in. In the hallway I overheard a conversation. A nurse asked “well, what do you like most about the  to home?” She said, “Freedom of speech and talking to different um, colors of people.” It was funny
I agree. Pelosi is playing the long game knowing full well it would be better to Unelect the Trump Mafia than to have a Pretend Trial in the Senate. Keep the House investigating and exposing Trump's corruption right up to Election Day 2020 (the Chinese Year of the Rat).
The Democrats have a funny way of twisting facts to get their way. Instead of saying, we admire the Chinese way of government, they tell us that they are concerned for our safety. Guns kill people. Don’t be like Nancy the dumb Democrat. Protect our Rights! 
2020 is going to be “interesting”—in the Chinese sense of the word. 
Earlier than Bitcoin halving, Bitmain gonna further cut half of its personnel by Chinese New Year this might be the first "halving" of 2020 I guess ..  beautified as "人员结构优化" (employee structure optimization) for 
Piss on the Commie Chinese party! They have no power over US citizens! They need to bring Democracy to their country and STHU! Communist China: ‘Private Ownership Of Guns’ In U.S. ‘Serious Problem,’ Must ‘Change’  …
I do not go here but the Chinese cdrama dude is a taemint so that’s who ima stan 
#WangYi given 9 yr sentence for “inciting subversion” despite his detention being deemed “arbitrary” by @UN #WGAD. Pastor Wang criticized #Chinese govt’s efforts to subdue all independent religious & social organizations. He should be released immediately.  …
Which is why we need to clearly distinguish between China, the Chinese people and the Chinese Communist Party, as I write here:   …
Game Freak usually draws their New Year cards  of the respective Chinese Zodiac animal. 2020 is the Year of the Rat hence the rodent Pokémon illustration. Other examples: 2019, Year of the Pig (Swinub and Piloswine) and 2018, Year of the Dog (Lycanroc). 
taehyung said every time they get off work, yoongi asks them to go eat chinese hot pot, but no one answers him ... IM CRYINGSJSJ IM BROKEN YOONGII BABY 
Did Chinese Commies see this love of  let alone flourishing, on their financial doorstep? Hong Kong Protesters Demand New Year’s Resolution  …
wish my mcm loved me back so i could invite him round to lay in bed with me all day & order a fat chinese :/ x
Q. Share a trivia about Yoongi！ Every time we get off work, he asks us to go eat Chinese hot pot. But...No one answers him. cr. marilishop님 
Btw denying Chinese oppression of Uighur Muslims as US propaganda is the same talking points assadists use to defend Assad. Don’t be a clown.
#블랙핑크 #리사 #BLACKPINK #LISA #LISABDPROJECT1M Chinese fans have raised one million CNY for LISA's birthday. Thanks to everyone who supports her and  her. Let's send the best wishes to LISA in  March 
20 people gathered to talk about democracy, and that has triggered a nationwide manhunt. This is the level of paranoia and insecurity of the Chinese Communist Party.  …
[UPDATE] → #LISA's birthday fund raised by her Chinese fans for 2020 is worth 1 Million Yuan! Thank you to 57 for their hard work, it's very much appreciated. ©©9lili97 #lalisa #blackpink #리사 #블랙핑크 #小莎 #リサ #ラリサ 
"The fire was likely to have been caused by Chinese sky lanterns that were set off amid New Year’s Eve celebrations and landed inside the zoo" Gorillas, orangutans and chimps die in German zoo fire  …
After reading the recent Chinese cloud hacking stories, I was reminded of this.  …
What does the Pentagon know that we don’t? Is the in danger of giving the “Daily Day in America“ to the Chinese? What other “Made in China” technology should we worry about? Army bans TikTok following guidance from the Pentagon  …
Dear West: Meet your new Chinese overlords  …
22 Years Later: How The Chinese Communist Party Destroyed Legacy of the Hong Kong Handover  …
#LISA has now  the FIRST & the ONLY female K-Pop idol who has the birthday celebration funds with over ¥1,000,000 Chinese Yuan! Big thanks to @LISABar_CN & Lisa’s fans in CHINA for making this happen! #LALISA #BLACKPINK #LISABDPROJECT1M 
The new year in Hong Kong kicked off with an anti-government march as citizens pressed authorities for further concessions in the Chinese-ruled city. More here:  
#IndiaChinaBonhomie #IndianArmy & #PLA troops jointly celebrated #NewYear 2020 along the #LAC on 01 Jan. #BPMs were held at Damai & Bum La on Chinese Side & Gift exchange ceremonies held Natu La & Kongra La to enhance mutual trust, peace & tranquility @adgpi 
To celebrate with lisa chinese fan I changed my dp and background and you can celebrate with lisa chinese fan too by changed like me #블랙핑크 #리사 #LISA #LALISA #小莎 #リサ #ลิซ่า 
Good News Coming !! Congratulations to Lisa for  First female K-pop idol has a fund of birthdays organized by Chinese fans surpassing 1 MILLION YUAN I'm feel so proud of 58&57 #블랙핑크 #리사 #LISA #LALISA #小莎 #リサ #ลิซ่า 
I feel like some of the xinjiang independence arguments rely so much on the false “muslim =\= chinese” classification which is so strange considering how long Islam has been present in China and how influential it has been
“CCP disinformation is not only aimed at Taiwan but also at the Chinese people, who cannot be told that the CCP’s policy ...has been, for the most part,  failure. Given its nature, the CCP cannot admit failure; so it must deceive its people .”  …
messaged this boy randomly that i’m craving a chinese takeaway and he asks where i am and suddenly buys me a chinese. i’m can’t believe it. we eating good ladies. it’s 2020! happy New Years xo
