What made #nnevvy so entertaining was Thai users humoring all the insults towards the king and the government because Chinese bots didn’t realise how much Thais despise their country currently. Some of my personal favourites: 
India and China's great 20th century divergence. The intellectual beginnings stem from a schism in worldview at the dawn of the 20th century when Chinese elites chose to take the path of Darwinian materialism towards national salvation as opposed to India.
Key points around the event in #Guangzhou A Chinese nurse bited & beaten by a #Nigerian passport holder during testing A few #African people arrived in #Guangzhou in Mar. didn’t follow quarantine regulations, caused  transmission @AUC_MoussaFaki 
. @BillGertz: Dissident billionaire Ren Zhiqiang now has a one-way ticket to the Chinese gulag, but his example is a clear indication of mounting opposition to #XiJinping #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell #CCPVirus  
Chinese girl, 1930. See more images:  
. @SimoneGao: Many Chinese people would rather not get into trouble, know info outside firewall But a brave younger generation is surfacing, eager to know, especially amid #COVIDー19 pandemic #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell #CCPVirus  
And the lefty weaklings say we are racists for saying Chinese are stealing our precious supplies to support their families instead. If you don't put Australia first you can leave. We don't want you. This applies to everyone... Chinese, Middle Eastern, European, anywhere.
. @SimoneGao: Living in #China is like being in an abusive relationship. The #CCP is all-powerful. If Chinese people want to live a decent life, they know not to get in the way of the party. #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell #CCPVirus  
the trump campaign is changing its economic messaging due to the chinese coronavirus polls largely show that voters don't blame trump for the downturn, giving him the opportunity to pitch a "comeback story" for november  …
Popular social simulator game #AnimalCrossing was banned in China after Hong Kong pro-democracy activist @joshuawongcf started a trend of customizing islands that take aim at Chinese Communist Party officials, including #XiJinping and @WHO during the #CCPVirus 
Chinese Huawei & 2 US subsidiaries charged w/ conspiracy to steal trade secrets and more Chinese  Conglomerate Huawei and Subsidiaries Charged in Racketeering Conspiracy and Conspiracy to Steal Trade Secrets | OPA | Department of Justice  …
Below is a statement from the President in exile from E. Turkestan. He fully understands what the Chinese Communist Party is capable of . He believes Joe Biden would appease the CCP & is not the right man for the job .  …
Is Beijing covering up a real death toll of tens of thousands? Shocking footage shows Chinese police beating back residents trying to flee epicentre of coronavirus outbreak  via @MailOnline
#HappyEaster but I don't like these Chinese doctors especially this one 
Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse, and Barclays to lose >$100 million, because a  (NASDAQ-traded ), who falsified 2019 revenues, defaulted on its loans.  
Type A: Mostly found in Americans and Australians. Closest match to bats genome. Type B: Predominant in Wuhan and rest of China. Type C: Predominant in Europe. None found in Chinese study.  …
Maybe the Chinese paid them to put out propaganda for them??
when they say “He will never be random” about you and you turn around and say “Teh chinese Chicken go moo...”
Most recently, Alberta chartered its own plane to bring masks, gloves and gowns directly from long-time Chinese suppliers. JP Prasad and his AHS team deserver Order of Canada for their work here. #CanadaTogether
The thing is CCP shills are using this very study to say the disease came from Europe and usa not china. Nyt is running news that helps the Chinese coverup. We need to recognize the truth here. #ccpvirus 
Interesting timing: “wife of Chinese President Xi Jinping and a goodwill ambassador of the WHO for tuberculosis and HIV/AIDS, meets with Bill Gates...in Beijing, capital of China, **Nov. 21, 2019***.” (h/t GLP)  …
This is why we can’t call it the “Chinese Virus”.  …
According to Business Insider, #AnimalCrossing was banned in China after Hong Kong pro-democracy activist @joshuawongcf started a trend of customizing islands that aim at Chinese Communist Party officials. 
First the Chinese Wuhan Virus was racist, now it’s European? Fake News Enemy of the People, aka Radical Left Propagandists, go International in support of CCP Americans rebuke international supporters of dictators and terrorists  
SAY CHINESE VIRUS
Hurray for Thais and the Taiwanese. booo for the chinese!  …
Communist misinformation is spreading rumors that Africans in China are infecting Chinese with the Coronavirus. Africans are evicted or arrested. Chinese should be furious to  party not foreigners it was  party who covered up the outbreak 
Our racist president has once again been proven wrong. He should but we know he won’t, apologize to China and the Chinese people. Most New York Coronavirus Cases Came From Europe, Genomes Show - The New York Times  …
Why does it matter to Paterson where the virus originated? All that matters to Australians is how we deal with it here and now. Is Paterson planning to cease trade with China? Deprive them of our iron ore and coal? Stop allowing Chinese imports? Why the threats?
Origin of virus is CHINA, no amount of liberal lies or media spin will change that. Keep shoveling that CHINESE propaganda. Traitors.
Thank you! All freedom fighters from #Taiwan and #HongKong know China too well, those Chinese trolls are rude and know nothing but to curse one’s mother. In China, they don’t have truth and democracy. #DontTrustChinaChinaIsAsshole #TaiwanIsNotChina #HongKongIsNotChina 
No wonder Australians are starting to resent the Chinese. 40,000 of these CCP shoppers in our country I read.
This is how Chinese treat foreigners While expecting the #Australian people to allow them to study and get citizenships The chinese do not allow Australian citizenship or ability to buy land so freely And at same time stealing all our essential supplies at start of  …
We ordered from our favourite Chinese take out and this + a thank you note came with the order today 
@IvankaTrump has Chinese trademarks on coffins. Why??? We deserve answers now!!!
BILL MAHER BEGS FOR A RECESSION TO GET RID OF DONALD TRUMP If you think these people are somehow beyond this — THINK AGAIN! @billmaher Who now excoriates liberals who cried racism when President Trump called COVID-19 the 'Chinese virus'  
Just learnt we ordered more batches of Light Tanks that previously reported but coudlnt be delivered cos the Chinese instructors couldn't travel because of Covid-19. Looks like close to a hundred.
To separate regular #Chinese from the nasty #ChiCom who brought pain and suffering to the world, call the #CCP Chinese Communist Party supporters #RedChinese instead.
Important: The #1 constraint RIGT NOW for bringing in masks for the US air freight slots out of China. There are hundreds of millions of masks (real ones) that passed Chinese customs waiting to catch a flight to the US.
He's been right so far @brexitparty_uk leader @Nigel_Farage has warned that Chinese interests are lining up to take advantage of the coronavirus crisis by buying “vast swathes of our strategic and manufacturing industries”.  … via @BreitbartNews
Chinese running from chinese virus? Lmao
Twitter Is Enraged That Bill Maher Has a Point About ‘Chinese Virus’  …
The people in those tanks are bought by Chinese money, like the professors and administrators in our universities.
china put a clause in the trade deal about if a pandemic happened they would be exempted from buying American products, mere days after signing trade deal they declared a pandemic that's why Beijing authorities hushed up the findings of a Chinese scientist 
I'm not racist. I have Chinese mates. But they are literally why we have 2 tin limits in our supermarkets in NZ. Few years back they were emptying our shelves and sending them back to china. Was disgusting. Mothers were going without everywhere!
Chinese Communist Party: Why Are They Allowed at White House Briefings? WTF! That's a good question? That needs to stop, and China needs to be held accountable for COVID19 deaths all around the world!  …
#WetMarkets need to be shut down. To protect humans in general, Chinese in particular, and to be merciful to many animals as well.
Australia and Western countries should stop allowing mainland chinese  the citizens. They are not loyal to your countries.
This Chinese Ambassador to Kenya should resign for telling lies. What’s the relationship between evicting Africans from Hotels/houses and Social distancing? I am surprised Kenyans are putting up with his lies.  …
Many Chinese are very quick to accuse others for being "racist," yet, some of them often behave very badly. They think with a race card, they can quiet all criticism.  …
BE HONEST....YALL WANT SOME CHINESE FOOD DONT YALL?
Look at the rubbish this Chinese guys are spewing to their ignorant citizens  …
Look how the Chinese are treating the Africans in China vs how we treat them in Africa. Folks need to wake up! Xenophobia and racism is WRONG!! China and the CCP need to be held accountable for their BS! And…  …
How much a Chinese life is worth to China #CCP in  …
But, since they’re already dead, Ivanka has some Chinese patents on some really terrific caskets. 
Unsurprisingly, Chinese police have now ordered bars and restaurants not to serve people appearing to be of African origin. Meanwhile, the African head of the #WHO praises China for greatness and blames Americans of racism!
American Journalists Publish Chinese Propaganda  …
The NYT is nothing but Chinese government propaganda.
World, Pls watch this. The beginning of the video some sick Chinese make the local to hold a racist sign and to say it in Chinese. This sucking act is part of One Belt One Road Initiative, which drives poor countries in deep debt 4 CCP infiltration 
Seems like a good time to retweet this disturbing video broadcast years ago on Chinese state tv: 
I DEMAND that going forward, ALL Medical & Licensed Practical Nurse schools have a MINIMUM of 20% #ADOS enrollment and I MEAN #ADOS. NOT Nigerians. NOT East Indians. NOT Chinese. #ADOS. Because NONE of those groups would BE HERE if it WASN'T for #ADOS and WE'RE DYING not THEM.
Twitter account of the Chinese Embassy in Brasília now has more followers (69k) than the US Embassy (67k), direct consequence of China's recent shift in its public diplomacy. Beijing now embraces a more assertive stance in Brazil's public debate & doesn't shy away fr controversy.
Mao thought mutual aid and "serve the people" campaigns were pretty central  outreach and went out of his way coordinate them. He didn't dismiss it as charity and he knew how to leverage it into building trust and support for his cause among Chinese peasants.
My wife is 34 weeks pregnant. It’s been an intense and difficult month, as it has been for everyone. But no one - not the  not Chinese biospies, and not George Soros - will stop our progeny from terrorizing the world
Beijing authorities hushed up the findings of a Chinese scientist  @MailOnline
If you needed another example of how Democrats work harder to protect other nations than our own just know that @SenFeinstein is pushing to give Iran $5 billion after she just got done blocking the passage of the Chinese virus stimulus relief bill for American citizens! Trump2020
Is it racist to point out the Chinese government’s disgusting institutionalized racism? It’s hard to follow the Beijing apologists’ bullshit, faux-woke rules.  …
Not so different from the Chinese Communist Party. A great example of cruel and unusual punishment.
I'm find it interesting and apt that we weekend the tide turned in this fight against the Chinese coronavirus is Easter. @hughhewitt
Why can’t Chinese people play cricket? Because they will eat all the bats 
This Chinese vs Thai Twitter war is the best entertainment on this website in years. 
WSJ: China Floods Facebook and Twitter with Chinese Virus Disinformation Will Congress hold hearing over this like they did Russia misinformation?  …
This meme make my day lmao love the Thai humour The Chinese netizen are again embarrassed their own country with nonsense speech 
Tonight I’ll cook Chinese then binge watch the Andy Griffith Show 
Ain’t even going to hold you, I miss Chinese food
President @realDonaldTrump I encourage you to remind failing @nytimes that even the Chinese understand the Wuhan virus originated there. Wuhan women launched a campaign expressing remorse for the pandemic  …
Except Trudeau and Freeland never answered the Question Rosie , Absolute word salad .. They also didn’t answer the question of How Many Chinese came to Canada from Hubei in February .. Soooo
Just declare war against the Chinese pigs already #ChinaLiedPeopleDied Europe will ally with the US on this one.
The NY Times is Chinese propaganda!
#nnevvy Well, #China got a very different value on everything, and particularly on politics. Literally everyone in the world: "Fuck our politicians? Meh. We don't care about that either. They suck anyway." Chinese: "THIS IS RACIST!!" 
So... Brazilian Civilian Police arrested a Gang of Chineses linked to Chinese Mafia and Brazil-China Commerce Chamber who stole 3 Million Reals (600000 USD) in Medical supplies to try resell the Products for Brazilian Hospitals at higher prices Chinese Embassy workers involved
Today I was going to buy a Harley ball cap but it was made in China so I didn't buy it. Looked at a nice jacket but it was made in China so I didn't buy it. I did get takeout from a Chinese restaurant because they're Americans like me. Baker China boycott is on.
Back in mid-March, OANN’s Chanel Rion floated the conspiracy theory that the coronavirus was connected to a “Biosafety Level 3 lab in North Carolina.” This was right when Chinese diplomats were pushing the claim that COVID-19 originated w/ the US military. 
This is very dangerous. It will cause discrimination against Chinese Americans and the distrust of China, the world second most powerful country. Stupid!!! New Trump Ad Suggests a Campaign Strategy Amid Crisis: Xenophobia  …
More racist policies from the #CCP in #EastTurkistan. #Uyghurs are placed under even more restrictive monitoring than before, now invading every aspect of their lives. This brave Uyghur alerted the world of this injustice, but will be repaid with a Chinese concentration camp.  …
cant go to tylers house to play call of duty . all becasue some chinese dude decided to eat a bat . f*ck this
I asked a foreign Chinese student if he knew who Jackie Chan was
มึงอีจีน... อย่าด่าพ่อกู.. Chinese : Fuck your Thai playboy King X. Thai: Do not insult my Father (King) #nnevvy #nevvy 
For the record, @OANN was claiming that SARS-Cov-2 was created in an American lab before China was clapping back at @realDonaldTrump's "Chinese virus" stuff w/ similar lunacy.   …
Chinese Food > Indian Food
I get that Bill Maher, like many “edgy” white  like to denounce “political correctness,” but not calling COVID the “Chinese virus” isn’t even about being “woke.” It’s obvious that Trump/the GOP are looking for a scapegoat for a crashed economy/rising US deaths.
pls keep that in mind when interacting in an intl fandom. even tho we all speak english, we are all from different countries and different cultures. many people in this fandom are chinese and use chinese fandom names. these names may not follow your norms of "wokeness"
Chinese : nmls Thai ppl : 
Hong Kong protesters spread democracy messages on "Animal Crossing." Now it's gone from a huge Chinese  site 
Why are our Chinese POC “brothers and sisters” not speaking out against this? Hmmm.  …
We're in the middle of a pandemic and the president is watching a network that recently aired a story suggesting that the coronavirus was created in a North Carolina lab by Chinese scientists.  …
Chinese eyes 
 China like your life depends on it. As it stands, that is literally a true statement not only in the short term, but for the long term existence of the western world as well. Communist Chinese are ruthless, cruel, barbaric, and nasty people. Beware China!!
In solidarity with Africans subjected to racism in China, I'm asking that we hence address Covid-19 as "CHINESE-VIRUS" Don't stop there, let's trend #ChineseVirus
The Official Statement has been released by the Chinese Dictator ... 
in chinese for example, when want spouse in a gender neutral way, you may say 伴侣 but that  or partner, you might not be married. but if you're looking to describe a relationship, e.g. "spousal relationship" there's only "夫妻" which means "husband and wife".
Threat Actor is selling thousands of data from Chinese Banks and more: - 800k lines of Bank of Shanghai customer data - 460K China Industrial Bank credit cards data - 202K Shanghai Financial Management VIP data - 100K Shanghai Pudong Development Bank customer data 
'MN officials leaned on a  global connections to airlift a cache of N95 masks from a Chinese factory back to the state.' W/ little federal coronavirus aid, states go to extremes. @AnnieLinskey @jdawsey1, @isaacstanbecker  …
Africsns have to learn one fact of life: Nobody owes us a fam, neither the Chinese nor the West. Both their relations with us aim at getting the maximum they can get from us at the lowest possible cost. China's emergence and  with our traditional exploiters for ...
Okay, so #StandWithBright is trending because 2gether's Chinese fans found Bright's girlfriend's Twitter and now they're mad at Bright too because one tweet revealed that his girlfriend considers Taiwan a country—which it totally is? 
How the Chinese government treated Dr Li Wenliang. He was arrested and accused of spreading hoax and was forced to sign a letter dictated by the government. Dr Li Wenliang at age 34 died from the #coronavirus  via NurlelySiregar 04 #SaturdayMorning
Actual sick of my mum and dad, he’s sitting there slagging her Cos she looks Chinese and she’s sitting calling him a shagger, been split up since a was abt 2 and they still slag utter fuck out eachother 
Tuck in your Undiluted Ignorance. The (Imported) Chinese doctors are still on quarantine for 14 days and are not attending to any Coronavirus patient yet. Do you have another movie?
. @RealTimers appears to be backing @realdonaldtrump, supporting "Chinese Virus" moniker and saying China "doesn't get a pass." "Jesus f---ing Christ, can't we even have a pandemic without getting offended?" 
Why are Africans in China in the first place? Walking around being Africans in China. Is it wrong for China to be Chinese? Wrong for Tibet to be Tibetan? For Sweden to be Swedish. For Germany to be German. And for England to be Pakistani? 
it's called freedom of speech. Chinese ppl are not used to it. They ask for respect while being irrespectful to others. They ask others to study history but history in rest of the world are different from their version.
You care about Iran but not the American people what about your Chinese spy that drove you around for 16 years that tape all your conversations bugged your houses...  …
Chinese bombers patrolling the Taiwan Strait are taking increasingly menacing routes 
I believe the China Virus was created in Wuhan laboratories by the Chinese Communist Party's researchers. 
I am from Taiwan and we used to call ourselves "ethnically Chinese", the ethnic part is still true, but we feel being associated with people from People's Republic of China is... just humiliated. The world has to stop pampering them.
That's pretty misleading. 'Wet market' is a catch-all term in China similar to the farmers market in the U.S. and is often the only source of fresh food for Chinese. The markets that are the sources of viruses are those that are dealing in exotic animals, not local butcher shops.
Chinese Racism flaring up in the open They can't hide it anymore. #racism 
Governor’s acting badly during Chinese Coronavirus outbreak: 1. New York 2. Michigan 3. Kentucky 4. ? 5. ? 6. ? 7. ? Add names and retweet.
I can read chinese. They’re not fake
Poll Suggests Media’s Efforts Promoting Chinese Talking Points Are Failing Miserably  …
What about Lyme Disease named after an American city? What about the Russian flu? Eugene is always in defense of the Chinese govt. why is that?
i just love the idea of seeing how they go from a traditional ancient chinese wedding to a more modern day one its just really nice
Ordinary people have had enough of Chinese greed & selfishness. Great to see.  …
i have a tropical hoe with chinese like eyes
This is for those crying against the Chinese health care personnel who came alongside the aids from China courtesy of CCEC. It appears the Russians don't know anything too based on parochial thinking.  …
Things that have been reinforced recently: Chinese Government is deceitful and corrupt MSM #FakeNewsMedia is deceitful and corrupt Dem Leadership is deceitful and corrupt. Birds of a feather....
At least in the northeast, it was found that the majority of cases came from Europe and not China so banning flights from China was little more than racism on par with calling it “the Chinese virus.” Thanks for playing, please try again
Media spent more than 3 years demonizing Russia and its people but they lose their shit when we say Chinese virus?
We didn't bring the Chinese doctors. A  in its own wisdom, did. But we are happy that they are here. We want to learn from their experiences. - Ehanire #COVIDー19 #CovidNGR
IMPORTANT This pandemic is a *direct result* of  oppressive, cradle-to-grave technocrat dictators in the Chinese Communist Party If we allow that same government oppression in America we will not just lose to this virus —we will have lost the very soul of our nation
I'm seeing this more and more from the smart people I trust. The Chinese purposefully engineered this virus, then released it.  …
We allowed the Chinese to choose their self-isolation space because  in charge had adequate resources. - Ehanire #COVIDー19 #CovidNGR
The Chinese doctors are currently self-isolating for 14 days. And the NCDC can check up on them anytime. They tested negative in China, but we still have to isolate them. - Ehanire #COVIDー19 #CovidNGR
Oh darn- the Chinese restaurant the hubs wants to try for his birthday day doesn’t deliver bc it’s too far away. Now I’ll have to go pick it up, all by myself, for a 40 min round trip in my car. By myself.
Coronavirus is no excuse for the Chinese to racial abuse Africans. There is a limit to everything. The virus originated from their place, so why the Afrophobia? We'll not tolerate the inhumane treatment meted out to Nigerians residing in China. Enough is Enough
As Wuhan and other parts of China re-open, Chinese health officials are worried about a possible second wave of coronavirus In recent days, the country has seen a rise in new Covid-19 cases, most of which have been imported from abroad  
This man violently harassing a Chinese-American needs found. This happened on a BART train. Anyone recognize him? This must not be tolerated in our America! #wtpTEAM #WTP2020 @wtp__2020  
PLEASE RETWEET THIS! Australian shoppers confront CHINESE COMMUNITY PARTY SYNDICATE TIME TO RISE UP AND FIGHT! Our government invited these scum in.. ITS UP TO ALL AUSTRALIANS TO KICK OUT THE COMMUNISTS! 
Yep, the Chinese do not have a floating currency and capitalize on foreign currency weakness @ScottMorrisonMP  …
Read this Benjamin Franklin quote closely! Liberty must be preserved, even during the Chinese flu. Read why here:  …
Imagine the hatred and lack of proper education. Even Americans don’t wish bad for the Chinese but a Nigerian from Ilorin is congratulating Kano, Nigeria for confirming first case of covid19.
So if anyone is wondering about the bizarre social media battle that has erupted between Chinese ultranationalistsand Thai democrats, here is a quick explainer from academic @JBuchananBKK 
At a Chinese American run butcher in SF 
In her first job out of engineering school my daughter designed nuclear power plants for the Chinese. Maybe I have a conflict of interest when  to vaccines. Ever think about that? Hm?  …
Now my uncle in China is mailing masks to his children in Wisconsin and Montreal because the Chinese government supplied residents with a strong stockpile (and his children, my cousins, in North America are in critical need)
China owes me Chinese food for life as quarantine reparations
In Thai Twitter, a celebrity referred a photo he took in "ประเทศ" Hong Kong. This really means "region", but  to mean "country". Chinese nationalists have responded with abuse, especially featuring images of the Thai king, to the delight of pro-democratic Thais. #nnevvy
because the nature of a disease is not ethnic, food can be... calling the coronavirus the chinese virus is inherently xenophobic. a time of great fear like this requires solidarity. if people claim this is hurtful why would u even want to call it that...  …
BIG announcement Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei @aiww will be joining the #COVIDcon lineup to talk art, censorship, activism, and the pandemic. Monday, April 13 2 p.m. ET Register FREE at  
So, Democrat governors are closing churches and have cops arresting people  out of their homes. Neighbors are snitching on neighbors to the authorities. And the media is spreading information they know is not true. The Chinese Communists must be so proud.
Bill Maher says we should call it the CHINESE VIRUS. Raise your hand if you agree.
So proud of @UniKent Chinese students who have worked, while strictly observing social-distancing, to distribute packages sent by the Chinese government to all Chinese pupils & students in Kent! The message on the package says,’The country will always be with you’ 
Explain how the Chinese Government silenced NON-Chinese medical experts -- including those in America -- who were sounding the alarm. Also show how the Chinese made Trump think the pandemic was a hoax. Was it like some sort of mind ray? Drugs? Hookers? Show your work.  …
Yes. They should be mad that a fucking klansman called Covid-19 the Chinese virus. Don't be stupid. Complicity in racism is not how  racism.  …
Fark!!  party tough guy wants to fight old man... well done on the unit stepping in.. well done one shoppers finally standing up to the scum of humanity  …
Why are the Chinese scape-goating black Africans? How has the freaking narrative turned from bat-eating Wuhan wet markets zoonosis into blacks been human viral carriers?
"We should blame China. Not Chinese-Americans, but we can't stop telling the truth because racists get the wrong idea. There's always going to be idiots out there who want to indulge their prejudices, but this is an emergency" (Read the WHOLE article) 
Paid operatives of the Chinese Communist party? How many couples like that have the CCP got working the shops in Australia? Next thing you know the CCP will buy the factory that produces it.  …
The labeling of coronavirus as the “Chinese virus” is a carbon-copy act of how politicians created stigma and fear of gay men in the 1980s. 
Three National Polls Show Majority Of Americans Agree With Trump Calling Coronavirus "Chinese" | Zero Hedge  …
Are you nuts? Canada has no testing or healthcare for the general public. If you catch th #ChinaVirus you die at home. Also, Canada's corrupt government never stopped importing infections directly from China and calls it a conspiracy theory to question Chinese infection stats. 
 … DEMOCRATS AND COMMUNIST CHINESE'S GOAL Destroy US economy therefore destroying the Trump Presidency. Many Democrat voters will support this recreation of The Great Depression to remove our POTUS. TDS is MUCH deadlier than Coronavirus.. #RayJPolitics
Calling it 3 years from now mark wahlberg plays a jacked doctor in New York who single handedly saves an entire hospital of white babies on ventilators by praying a lot and suplexing Chinese guys through the wall
Bmt don’t ask me to do up POC solidarity again. Imagine here fighting for Chinese people only to go there and be told you’re deemed unworthy of McDonald’s  …
I guess they are all proud Chinese  …
Little known fact The Easter Egg Roll goes all the way back to biblical times when Jesus came out of his tomb and immediately ordered Chinese Ever since then The Egg Roll has been a mighty symbol in the Christian religion
#PanicDiary The virus is dark. Chinese study suggested people who had #coronavirus only had very low levels of antibodies following their recovery. Separately, South Korea body said the virus may be “reactivating” in people who had previously been cured.  …
There's always this self-contradiction built into arguments about political correctness. "It's crazy that liberals obsess over what terms to use! That's not what's important! Also, it is CRUCIAL that we call this the Chinese Virus! The terminology dictates all future behavior!"
People practice #taichi, an internal Chinese martial art, at a park in #Hohhot, Inner Mongolia autonomous region, as the sun shines, flowers bloom, and fresh air fills their 
I want Chinese :////
2 min with my crush and it’s gonna be a chinese bed fr  …
Same woman who went on the news telling us to gather up with our friends and have dinner in Chinatown back when The President was warning us about social gathering and the Chinese Virus.
Steve Bannon: Blood is on the hands of the Chinese Communist Party - YouTube  …
You ever get dm’s demanding proof that you’re not a Chinese spy 
The Chinese don’t want Africans in their countries but we Africans gladly accept them in our countries. Wake the F*** up.
Before China 'succeeds' in making the world 'think' that #COVIDー19 is from Africa, it is important that we refresh our minds that #coronavirus is a Chinese virus that originated from China and not Africa.
. @WHO head @DrTedros accused the Taiwan govt -- without providing any evidence - of driving a racist campaign against him. Can @DrTedros now speak up against Chinese authorities' actual racist policing of Africans in its COVID-19 response?  …
The world is rightly concerned with racism against Chinese, because of #COVID19 but in China racism against "black is the norm".
BUSTED: Communist China weaponizing far-Left Facebook and Twitter platforms for Chinese Virus disinformation. 
... likely here in November or December. While it's an awful malady, it may not be much worse than typical flus we've experienced. But the government's now insinuated even further into our lives. Nothing will happen to the Chinese. And, several years from now ... (more)
... "for our safety", and that encroachment will now never go away. Keep that thought in your head as we move to talk about the Coronavirus. The Chinese caused this. Whether it leaked from a lab, or came as a result of Chinese "wet markets", their diabolical need ... (more)
I don't know about you but this Wuhan China COVID-19 Chinese Coronavirus situation has me really pissed off. Especially after I thought about it side-by-side with 9/11. Follow my emotion here folks. The Wuhan China COVID-19 Chinese Coronavirus will change our lives ... (more)
Why won't liberals BELIEVE THE SCIENCE on healthful, outdoor activities not causing Chinese virus?  …
To be clear, the spread of COVID-19 was no reflection on the Chinese people -- it was China's dictators who were responsible. Its people were the victims of their government's initial lies about COVID-19 as we all were. It also had nothing to do with Cdns of Chinese origin.
And some Chinese keep telling ppl in this war that they are helping about the virus. Yeah I see that, but  from your country. It starts spreading from your country. It’s just a part of the responsibility. Do not act like we owe you anything. 
so ho ho, lemme get this straight Chinese are discriminating against Black people for a disease their nasty ass eating habits created ?!?!?  …
Chinese bought many baby formula powder in HongKong several years ago, which led to shortage and high price of baby formula powder in HongKong. Finally the HongKong government had to implement restriction on baby powder to calm the anger of HongKongers.
Europe has greed Europe has racism Europe has stupidity Europe has selfishness But no one asks to end the lockdown nor calls COVID-19 the Chinese virus. What is wrong with America?
Chinese always tell white dudes that Chinese are not suffering from CCP’s government. Random white guy: No, you are.
American propaganda is smoother than Chinese propaganda. The Chinese are under no illusion that their government cares for them, but Americans honestly believe theirs does. Guess what, the government doesn't care about you, only about power.
Some great sense from @billmaher asking why the world is more concerned about political correctness then they are about demanding the Chinese take responsibility for the disgusting wet markets that they can’t seem to discontinue.  …
if you're black, pls get out of china tbh. and africans better start giving the chinese a hard time in africa. give them the same treatment in our own land for godsake
Video No 12 Uighur activist Fatimah Seyyah shared her views on Chinese pandemi & it’s impact, source and threat to people around the world. #COVID #China #TaiwanCanHelp #hongkong #tibet #Uighur #india #japan #USA #Americans #HumanRightsViolations #wuhan #Biden #italy 
Chinese wumaos being played by the Thais on #nnevvy Twitter 
an Uyghur woman: before and after the Chinese concentration camp 
Covid-19 isn't the first coronavirus that the Chinese government's censorship allowed to  a global pandemic. It did the same thing with SARS in 2003.  
THE CHINESE COMMUNISTS MUST PAY FOR THIS Maybe @realDonaldTrump and @SpeakerPelosi don't get it WE ARE AT WAR WITH #CHINA over the Bioweapon 
Started on my next Chinese zodiac animal. So far I'm using a 2H pencil, 4B mechanical pencil, 8B mars lumograph black pencil, and tortillon for smudging. #horse #graphite 
Justice, for once, is done. Australians are sick of baby formula being stripped off shelves by Chinese and sent back to China. My local pharmacy - in Toowong- even has a consignment centre across the road to post the stuff back to China. It pisses me off!  …
Sandington, Sandyton, Sandigidunji ! They know about the show I hope #Sanditon will get dubbed in #Chinese ! 
went to order a chinese and didn’t change the address on my just eat and got it sent to my exes house how’s your day going x
Exactly! Use all your outlets Dan to spread the word that Democrat governors are stealing our rights right under our nose… This Chinese virus has given them liberty to do what the hell they want #transformation
"We must continue to bring the Chinese Government to account after this crisis. Any attempt by the Left to excuse a regime that lies to the world and its people deserves our disdain."  …
What’s happening to Africans in China is very disturbing. Chinese Govt must act quickly &decisively to stop xenophobic attacks. Root causes must also be addressed in the longer run. Africa should avoid reprisal attacks. 2 wrongs don’t make a right! @ChinaAmbUganda  …
Bit of an experiment tonight. Pork loin steaks, with a pocket cut into them, filled with homemade peppercorn sauce and topped with sausage meat. I cooked them using my @SlowNSear and then seasoned with some @AngusandOink Chinese Salt and Pepper rub. Need thicker steaks next time 
Leave it to the lady who employed a Chinese spy for 2 decades to have more concern for Iran than the USA  …
I am Chinese origin and I am so ashamed of them! I wish I could tell you most of them were not like that coz in fact they are! Especially if they are from that piece of land! #ccpvirus
#麻婆豆腐 #MaboTofu Chinese cuisine Day at all It’s Easter Holidays though Tomorrow.... 
I remember like it was yesterday when  people for showing up in huge numbers to the New York Chinese lunar celebration parade and how he asked San Francisco to keep visiting their Chinatown saying "everything is fine here" Wait, those were Democrats. Never mind.  …
Forget name. It is “the Chinese Virus.” All viruses named after place they started. more importantly, China did this to us. Either on purpose, or coverup of mistake. They owe us trillions. Trust me, biggest mistake in world history. USA always gets revenge  …
Please call it CCP virus CCP does not represent all Chinese Chinese are also the biggest victims of CCP 
HUGE EXCLUSIVE: Chinese Doctor Shi Zhengli Ran Coronavirus Research in Wuhan After US Project Was Shut Down by DHS in 2014 for Being Too Risky -- PRIOR LEAK KILLED RESEARCHER  …
WATCH: Bill Maher defends calling coronavirus "Chinese virus," mocks Democrat Ted Lieu  
You told people to go to Chinese restaurants or they were racist. De Blasio March 10th: “this diseases is like  cold & they should go about normally & this city can’t shut down because of undue fears” NYC Health Comm. said go enjoy the Lunar NY Parade This girl is 
CHINA MUST PAY CHINA MUST BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE CHINA MUST BE HELD RESPONSIBLE CHINA MUST PAY RESTITUTION CHINA MUST COMPENSATE FOR ALL LIVES LOST U.S. MUST SEIZE ALL CHINESE PROPERTY  …
Whatever your issues with the PC Police, if you spend your time defending the use of the term “Chinese Virus,” then you’re doing Trump’s work for him. And that makes you a chump.
Whites: I am not racist but Chinese: 
I really want some chinese food but all the Chinese restaurants said “not me girl” and packed up the first week of The Rona
Among these 93 "eminent" American signatories to this Asia Society letter urging a soft-line approach toward the Chinese regime, can anyone name 10 of them who are not personally or institutionally intertwined with the #CCP? Sincere  …
the rnc is spending $1 million on digital ads praising trump’s response to the chinese coronavirus  after democratic groups poured millions into ads politicizing the pandemic, many of which were criticized for their dishonesty  …
More than 240,000  declare bankruptcy in the first two months of 2020. Anyone who started a new business worldover in last 6 months is fucked. Covid-19 takes far more than few lives.
70-80% of deaths from this virus have been men. Maybe this virus  from a Chinese market maybe it came from a scorned Twitter girl group chat
. @billmaher destroys the media narrative that it's racist to refer to the Chinese virus or Wuhan virus (terms many in the media used with regularity until President Trump started doing so). 
They totally ruined good Chinese people’s image and reputation. and ruins the Asian people who really wanna live in Australia. People behaving selfishly like this should revoke their visa and banished.
“chair of Harvard's Chemistry & Chemical Biology Department, is accused of lying about working with several Chinese organizations, where he collected hundreds of thousands of dollars from Chinese entities” including Wuhan University of Technology  …
The same Dianne Feinstein that was main force behind the Kavanaugh smear efforts, who had Chinese spy on her staff for 20 years, and sold stocks after early February briefing.....California can sure pick them
A consequence of Trump’s trade war was a significant reduction of US imports of medical equipment from China. After Trump’s 15% tariffs went into effect in September 2019, US imports of of Chinese products declined sharply & fell through February 2020.  
Western capitalists trolls are manipulating sufferings of Africans in China. Ironically accusing Chinese of racism and discrimination. They think it exonerates them from being the WORST racists against US? No! We will never beg for relationships. We want respect from anywhere.
See how many random Chinese accounts have responded to this tweet in 12 minutes? You people hate Africans and treat us like shit. Why are you in my mentions?  …
Finally FBI arrested a professor from Boston university who was in connection with Chinese university and research lab in Wuhan, and was highly paid by China.......Now it is very close to clear that corona virus is a Bio Attack planned and conducted by China. Rt! 
The Chinese government alerted the WHO in early December there was an increasingly virulent viral epidemic. The effort to claim they "hid the real facts" is a propaganda effort intended to increase neo-Cold War paranoia.
Thank you for supporting Taiwan and HK. Chinese always think we are a part of China but actually we are apart from China!
WSJ: China Floods Facebook and Twitter with Chinese Virus Disinformation  …
It's concerning that a reporter from an outlet with reported ties to the Communist Chinese government was able to enter a White House press briefing.  …
chinese philosophy: eat everything that moves
ethnonationalists see other ethnonationalists as their own mirrors - a Chinese racist and an American racist have more  with each other in their fundamental beliefs than someone who believes identity can go beyond race
One thing we have to note. The West will never ever sell such weapons systems to African countries. If they do it  with a truckload of preconditions. Without Russian and Chinese arms the world will be a vastly different place. This is no hating on the West.
Something is very wrong with this picture. The travel ban allows for chain migration so Chinese  in to the United States and visit family spreading CV, but Americans are in lockdown and cannot visit their families or go to church in America.  …
Free Hong Kong Free Macao Free Xinjiang Free Tibet No one want to be Chinese only Chinese want to be Chinese
If you believe the news all of our hospitals are at breaking point, there is no PPE, most people are not observing lockdown, our country's response to Covid-19 is uniquely terrible, Chinese statistics can be trusted and the WHO has done a great job. None of these things are true.
And if there are some people from mainland China who act like สลิ่ม, well that's normal too. Every country has them, including Thailand and my own country (UK). We can disagree with them and even tease them a bit but it's not a reason to discriminate against *all* Chinese #nnevvy
Twitter has been crazy and hilarious tonight but just a reminder that a lot of the abuse we've been getting is from bots and Chinese govt "wumao" (IO). They do not represent the ordinary people of mainland China, who are often some of the nicest people I've ever met #nnevvy
I’m not going to censor the truth just because there’s a few ignorant people out there. Anyone with a half brain understands the difference between the Chinese government and the Chinese people.  …
Despite the fact that #coronavirus came from China, we never subjected Chinese people in Nigeria to Xenophobic treatment. They should not test our good will.  …
The Hong Kong government’s proposed amendment to the Fugitive Offenders and Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Legislation Bill in February 2019, has thrown the Chinese territory into its largest legitimacy crisis since 1997. 
Sweet and Sour Chicken, Szechuan Beef and Egg Fried Rice. What’s your go to Chinese order? - Tutorial to follow on my insta story (MsJoyceK) RT 
Chinese people after seeing animals : 
American elites exploit the Chinese people in every way. From using their slave labor to profit an extra penny per item to receiving the organs of human rights activists killed for that purpose.  … via @SFGate
Who let Nick Cohen loose on Chinese cultural history? 
1. Calling it "the Chinese virus" is racist — it already has a name. 2. Bill's larger point is right.  …
Even in Japan, Chinese purchases of masks are terrible. Bring everything in line early in the morning. they haven't received enough support masks from Japan. And sell it to the Japanese at a high price. It seems that Chinese virus is not only corona. 
The @AP pimps Communist Chinese propaganda. CHINA HAS THE MOST DEATHS They are incinerating corona victims alive. Why don’t you do some real reporting?  …
One thing is very clear. Chinese nationalists are sincere in their desire to make the world believe lies about Taiwan #SoMuchHate #Bullying #WeCannotTrustChina #TedrosAdhanomGhebreyesus #TedrosMustGo @WHO @Olympics  …
Jimin’s famous dialogue “Hello World! Is this the youth you told me about?” on Bon Voyage Season 4 is so popular. This dialogue, as a bgm, attracts a lot of Chinese and Korean celebrities and fans to imitate on TikTok (Chinese Version: Douyin). #JIMIN 
Right. The same Communist Chinese puppet who told us there was no human to human #COVID19  …
Had a burst of creative energy (and too much late night caffeine) & stayed up til 5am outlining a new story. Alternate history/indig steampunk fantasy murder mystery set in the state of Sequoyah after a successful Harper's Ferry & a failed Chinese Exclusion Act. Plus magic, ofc. 
We are not interested in Thai and Chinese quarrels. We just want to protect Win 
The whole world know TAIWAN is a country TAIWAN isn't belong to CHINA HONG KONG don't want mainland CHINA HONG KONG people don't like mainland CHINA The whole world know  from China BUT Chinese didn't accept the truth It should be called CHINAVIRUS #Taiwan #nnevvy
Just picked up some Chinese food for lunch. Owner told me someone called her yesterday and told her to go back to China. She was nearly in tears telling me. They’ve been at this location for 20+ years.
#Chinese police doing mass evictions all over #China evicting #African people from their apartments & business, accusing them of being #coronavirus carriers & leaving them in the streets. This is the country that accuses others of racism This is unprecedented in modern  …
It's all been blown out of proportion: Chinese embassy in Harare reacts to allegations of racism against Africans Embassy says Chinese nationals have been harassed in the streets in Zimbabwe and denied treatment 'but we chose not to make waves'  …
Since I first learned of the Wuhan coronavirus in  sense has been my guide. Not  lies. Not “the models.” Not so-called “public-health experts.”  sense. Many elected leaders have also been guided  sense. Others haven’t.
Chinese people must go back to China until further notice. @ChineseZimbabwe @MinisterSBMoyo @edmnangagwa @nelsonchamisa @TembaMliswa @ZBCNewsonline
Looks like the Chinese regime is gradually laying out the case that the pandemic is the fault of the United States. This should resonate well with the blame-America-first echo chamber.  …
Chinese Army Light Amphibious Tanks 1930s. See more pictures:  
The Chinese people are victims in their country. They aren't the enemy. Yes, be nice to them.
The Chinese don't know what respect is, they are so crazy and like mad dogs.
The Chinese People had Nothing to do with what their Government does, it is no Reflection on them. I am sorry for them, they have an Evil Government No fault of their own
Okay, old dirty Chinese restaurant.
Sorry James, ultimately they are responsible for the government they allow to rule over them. Only the citizens of Hong Kong had the courage to stand up to the Chinese government.
- transatlantic slave trade - Native American genocide - exploitation of undocumented Latinx people - Chinese Exclusion Act - Internment of Japanese Americans - redlining, blockbusting, gentrification Have you heard of these things, @JeromeAdamsMD? Are you allowed to say them?
3  listed on the US stock exchange are facing accounting scandals. Chinese coffee chain super-brand @LuckincoffeeO, #China's answer to Netflix @iQIYIofficial, and Beijing-based Tal Education Group TAL fabricated hundreds of millions of dollars in sales in 
“We should blame China, not Chinese Americans — we can’t stop telling the truth because racists get the wrong idea... We can’t afford the luxury anymore of non-judginess towards a country with habits that kill millions of people everywhere” Bill Maher 
The rapid testing kits, which India was expecting to be delivered on April 5, and then April 8 or 9, will not be here at least until early next week, these to test widely in containment zones India ordered 500,000 kits from Chinese suppliers on March 30.  …
Bill Maher says Coronavirus Should Be Called ‘Chinese Virus' and “We Should Blame China'. Some of his fav guests agree w/his latest racist take. 
a journey of discovery to bring the truth, tracking down "THE ORIGIN OF WUHAN CORONAVIRUS" what was the Chinese Communist Party trying to hide ? 
The worst people in Chinese social media hate women, hate Asian-Americans, hate kindness and anti-racism, and treat self-examination as weakness. That’s why these loathsome little shits are going after @JiayangFan
'Two websites for leading Chinese universities recently published and then removed pages that reference a new policy requiring academic papers dealing with Covid-19 to undergo extra vetting.' Top reporting from @skirchy @_EmmaGH @lilkuo  …
Jimin’s dance segment on BBMAs BWL stage reached 73w LIKE on TikTok (Chinese Version: Douyin) and triggered fanatical imitation. The TikTok platform has set up a special imitation section for this stage named "Dynamic Twist Hip Dance", which has reached 620 million plays. 
#Chinese #carrier #LIAONING 16 underway with 5-ship task group, passed thru Miyako Strait 10 April prolly headed for South China Sea. Escorts include Type 052D #destroyers XINING 117, GYUYANG 119; Type 054 #frigates ZAOZHUANG 542, RIZHAO 598, supply ship HULUNHU 965. JMSDF 
It’s clear that the Chinese Communist regime withheld information that could've helped us respond to COVID-19 earlier. The World Health Organization owes us an explanation for why they’ve seemingly covered for China’s lies, & the President is right to question their credibility. 
Yes Only he can say Chinese viruse Only he can say radical islam terrorists
Believing that Taiwan is independent does not mean you are not friendly to China/Chinese. It is not black or white. Personally I don't have an opinion yet on TW/HK, but I can also like China/Chinese people. Many of my best friends are Chinese. We have to let others believe freely
If U lost your Job If U lost your business If U  broke Because of the BIOWEAPON #coronavirus The  released on the World VOTE FOR ME FOR PRESIDENT When I Run #I #WILL #MAKE #THEM #PAY With 23664
How media talks about SkipTheDishes/UberEats/etc: Exploitative, Drivers must unionize, Labelling drivers as independent contractors is wrong How media talks about Fantuan (Chinese-only app): Revolutionary! Entrepreneurial! Independent contractors? Oh well! Conquering Canada! 
#CoronavirusCoverUp: How Chinese censorship led to a global pandemic. WATCH 
Logic with Chinese Characteristics Just like their so called Socialism with Chinese Characteristics Crippled, Broken. #BoycottChina #ChinaIsAsshoe #ChinaMustExplain 
If Taiwan is a part of China, why you Chinese people need a visa to enter Taiwan? I'm an Indon and I don't need a visa to enter Jakarta or Yogyakarta because both are truly part of Indonesia. Indon stand to HK , Taiwan , and Thailand #nnevvy
Commendable action by Ghana’s Minister responsible for Foreign Affairs and Regional Integration. The virus is the real enemy not any group of people - not Africans, not the Chinese. We can only win the war against COVID-19 in unity & with genuine solidarity. 
When Chinese people used google translate to tweet the Thai language be like 
Most Americans agree with the Donald when he calls Covid-19 "the Chinese" virus. Most Americans also believed : -Saddam had WMD -Sadam was pulling babies out of incubators -Assad was gassing his people -Gaddafi was giving Viagra to soldiers to rape women
China tear apart Uyghur families, deporting man and women from their homeland to different Chinese cities for slave labor. 
I can't sleep. Because the war of Thais VS CHinese trolls on Twitter is fascinating I love Thais and their sense. The meme made from them is too useful when I meet any chinese trolls on inrernet. 
Babylon Bee? No, this is the "work" of the Chinese Noodle Network!  …
Is this how you really see the world? You want people around the world to fear you because China get stronger? If this is how you view the world the people will only hate you. I will like China because my Chinese friends are nice & good people, not because 'China is stronger'
Ivanka Trump who will serve on the new White House Economy-focused Coronavirus Task Force [which reportedly will defy the scientific experts & advocate for opening up the economy] Ivanka has been issued a Chinese trademark, perversely, for COFFINS 
Watch: Bill Maher Eviscerates PC Whining Over ‘Chinese Virus’  …
Important @billmaher rant on the culpability of the Chinese Communist govt for the Wuhan pandemic. And on the need to close wet markets NOW. Strong language, but he’s one of very few in Hollywood willing to call out the CCP.  …
I doubt these Chinese Comrades are used to such dressing downs by 'third world' folks. Much needed, I'd say  …
This prophetic video is 13 years old. If the information in it had been acted upon, the #Wuhanvirus could have been contained, but the criminal Chinese Communist Party covered it up until it was too late.  …
Also, many people are attacking Chinese about 'Wuhan' virus. I think this is wrong. I know if possible, China also don't want this to happen. But some people will not agree, and you just have to accept that not everyone will agree. I hope you & your families are safe 照顾好自己
Chinese: fuck thai king fuck thai government Thai: #nnevvy 
"When they get tested positive for Chinese Virus, they are doing all types of naughty things. They are not co-operating with doctors. They are getting close to everybody. They are doing that in shops too. I request them to stop all this" Narayana Swamy, Dy-CM of Andhra Pradesh. 
Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte floated the idea of all of Europe doing “things on their own” due to the European Union’s poor response to Italy’s tragic experience with the Chinese coronavirus. 
The globalists assured us that if we just bought one more cheap trinket made by Chinese slave labor in Chinese sweat shops one day China would be just like us. They’d be a free country with human rights. Instead, we are now punishing pastors just like China.
@TuckerCarlson It's how entangled the West has  with China. The media sings praises of China and quotes the propaganda of the CCP. And how many businesses and banks are owned by the Chinese? China is buying professors, scientists, and politicians!  …
Africa should kick all the Chinese out. They've been bleeding that place dry for years.
I am Taiwanese. Don't waste your time to argue with Chinese.They are brainwashed and rude. In fact,Taiwan is indeed a independent country.
A planeload of Chinese supplies for Israel's Covid-19 fight underscores how this crisis causes shifting alliances (via 
INFURIATING! Taxpayer-funded animal experiments tied to Chinese 'wet markets' and Wuhan laboratory! As a taxpayer, I want to DEFUND this! Thank you @WhiteCoatWaste and @dcexaminer for exposing  …
Can bourgeois Chinese Americans shut the fuck up about how their grandparents were mistreated by  party or something. Your land owning, factory owning grandparents deserved to get their wealth - built off the backs of the working class - taken from them
Chinese racism is just like South African xenophobia - always just there, sometimes open, sometimes below the surface, but ready to JUMP at the slightest excuse.  …
OK, THANKS for the update and clarification. The actor's girlfriend only says that "dress like Taiwanese" she did not say "not Chinese" in the sentence. However, her twitter account nnevvy is still attacked by Chinese twitter users and is now closed.
Smart chinese was killed from that past event #rip 
Bad that some Nigerians are being racist towards Doctors just becouse they are from China. Bad that some Chinese are being racist towards migrants just because they are from Nigeria. Rant if you like, lesson being. DON'T do on to other's what you DON'T want them to do to you. 
Actually her friend just asked 'which style?' and she just replied back 'Taiwanese girl style' she even didn't mentioned the word 'Chinese' in  For more information, they had this conversation many years ago.
Alright, so the 15 Chinese Doctors had arrived Abuja Nigeria few days ago. They were all tested and confirmed negative. Now which isolation Centre have they been assigned? What are all of them doing in Abuja if they came to help ‘Nigeria’ not ‘ABUJA’? I smell something fishy.
Dear Chinese Government, In light of the current branding difficulties that your nation is facing, as a professor of marketing I'd be happy to offer you my consulting services. My fee: $20 trillion. I'll keep $5 million to purchase a house in Newport Beach, and donate the rest
"If it was not spread from Delhi, there were only 26 Chinese Virus cases in AP. When they went to Delhi for function, they don't wash plates, lick spoons. By doing all this, they brought Virus from Delhi and left it in Andhra." Narayana Swamy, Dy-CM of Andhra Pradesh. 
“The Chinese dictatorship is, in fact, through recklessness and cover-up, responsible for a global plague and tipping the entire world into a deep depression.”  …
I’ve always condemned xenophobic sentiments against the Chinese in Africa, but if Chinese authorities fail to take an action to check anti-black sentiments in China, they stand to lose more. Just came across this, now I want someone to confirm the authencity of the racist posts. 
Can Twitter just ban all these fake Chinese accounts from Feb/Mar/Apr 2020? It’s banned in China anyway! They are turning Twitter into a sewer. #nnevvy
The CHINESE GOVERNMENT GENUINELY believes that because it BRIBES and has DOSSIERS on AFRICAN PRESIDENTS/LEADERS (when they sign these contracts for roads, railways etc) it can abuse/discriminate/mistreat/humiliate AFRICANS who visit China ...shame... @ChineseEmbKenya
Two things can both be true: 1) Calling it "Chinese virus" is usually if not always racist & could encourage violence against Asian Americans; which is unequivocally evil and stupid. 2) Chinese Communist Party absolutely deserves int'l condemnation and must be held accountable.
Hi there, I’m Chicken¡ A MIXED chinese/Latinx artist with a love for vampires, all thinks dark and penny dreadful, The old masters of art ( Michelangelo WYA? ) and of course history and WARCRAFT. COMMISSION INFO:  DISCORD: 
I wonder what the NSA has on Diane Feinstein regarding  with the Chinese CCP over the last several months re: COVID-19 ??? I wonder what the NSA has on every politician that took LOBBYING MONEY (Bribes) from China ?? I wonder what the NSA has on Hillary ? 
Chinese : ask for respect Also Chinese : nmsl Chinese : tell you to read history Also Chinese : dont know about 1989 tiananmen square massacre Chinese : Ask for manner Also Chinese :  first Chinese : Taiwan is part of China Taiwan : have democracy #nnevvy
“Africa is expected to be painted in the Chinese imagination in this century. Once China has successfully wrestled Africa from the grips of Europe & America, its true colours are expected to emerge –like true colours of Europeans did after evangelising.”  …
The problem was that Chinese media was trying to spin the situation to make it seem like COVID came from the US, then blame us for the global impact. "Chinese Virus" is more of a political classification than an actually relevant scientific one.
When this is all over I’ll be genuinely curious to hear @Twitter’s explanation for letting Chinese propagandists use their platform to sow blatant political disinformation during a crisis. You can find a lot of them in the replies here.  …
The virus already got three different names, and its ppl out here tryna convince me to add Chinese virus to that list? For what specific reason who does that help?
#JacksonWang #잭슨 Top 10 of most-liked Chinese Singer MV on YouTube Our King @JacksonWang852 is… PENTA KILL!!! Congrats!!! Top1.《Papillon》:1.03m Top2.《100 ways》:880k Top4.《Bullet to the heart》:790k Top5.《Okay》:790k Top7.《Dawn of 
It is so uplifting to see the Noble Chinese government sharing their very accurate & trustworthy Coronavirus data. It's amazing how in a country of 1.4 billion people, and in the place where the virus originated, only three people have died. Anyone who questions this is racist. 
Yet weren’t the Chinese the ones crying over the “racism” they were experiencing bc of the virus? The irony. Asian ppl do not like black ppl just as much as white ppl.  …
#Taiwan in trending in Thailand because Thai people  out to support Taiwan & HK independence after many Chinese joined Twitter to attack the girlfriend of a Thai idol for calling Taiwan a country. We don’t hate China, but many of us believe Taiwan is a country 
People aren't going to the hospital because Trump put a 1/2 second clip of a Chinese US official in an online ad is next level insanity, but it's Marx BAE so it's acceptable.
She told people to go out and enjoy a Chinese restaurant (Along with NYC council members, NYC health officials, and the mayor. Her tweets are quite literally insane.  …
People all over the world defended China from #coronavirus racism and yet the Chinese govt refuses to check itself on its own racism and racist policies. The  out of China about black people being picked up and segregated is horrific. China must stop this now.
People aren’t saying we shouldn’t call this the Chinese Virus because they’re “offended.” They’re saying it because Asians are being physically and verbally assaulted as a result. This isn't about political correctness. It's about safety. CC:  …
Surely @Yamiche will ask the Chinese ambassador about this. I mean, it’s almost as offensive as the Surgeon General saying “big mama” and “granddaddy”. 
Hello Ma'am, Full marks to the video and your emotions! Was really moved by your stand & how you are trying to educate PPL that this virus got to be contained but not spread hate in its name. But, I have a few thoughts of my own with regards to Chinese Virus!
wrote about bill maher’s racist rant against the chinese last night. emails are quite predictably a trash pile  
Did we forget that every major media outlet was calling this the Chinese Wuhan virus until President Trump said it and then it became a discriminatory term?
Rockin' the Stadt waiting for my no contact delivery of Chinese food 
Did we forget that at the beginning stages of the Chinese virus, the WHO and Democratic leaders were saying this was just a “glorified flu” and that we should go about our daily lives?” They even went as far as going to Chinatown and encouraging people to go out and enjoy life!
Huawei should be disengaged from the networks of any country that does not want the Chinese Communist Party to access and control them. Any country (including the U.K.) contemplating Huawei in any element of 5G should reverse course immediately.  …
Wake up Chinese friend! We know that the real enemy is our governments. Free ourselves, bring the freedom back, and see bl series together. #nnevvy
I don't know that it is automatically racist, but I certainly haven't seen anyone do it in a way that isn't racist. But I'll go ahead and say this: racism is ideology and people in power deploying a name like "Chinese Virus" is reliant on that ideology to get a desired effect.  …
P.S. We all know if I WERE a white lady writing YA that exoticizes Chinese culture, K*rkus would be writing glowing reviews and singing praises and awarding me the Hugo, but you didn't hear that from me 
As vile as Bill Maher is, I agree. It’s the Chinese virus-deserving no pass No pass for Maher either. That slimy pus wad wanted our economy to crash just to hurt Trump. His sudden concern for America’s economic plight is skewed because he realizes it affects his relevance
Have liberals noticed Maher keeps saying things that actually lead to violence against minorities? And this has nothing to do  He's not making jokes about Chinese people and Muslims. He's making statements that lead to violence. Like Trump.  …
Currently, #Thailand and #Chinese netizens are fighting over #Taiwan issues on #Twitter. Why? CN netizens ask a Thai actor to apologize bc the actor's girlfriend on IG said that "I dress like a #Taiwanese not Chinese" while they visited Taiwan. Battleground: 
Amazingly the Chinese have turned us into China without a single shot fired.  …
chinese :corona  from china that’s was the most fuckin stupid thing i’ve ever heard lol move on from April’s fool guys #nnevvy 
A point of view. For how long will we keep giving China a free pass? Saying that Covid 19 originated from China isn’t racism. It is a fact. Using Covid-19 to hate on Chinese is racism. But what’s wrong with calling it Wuhan Virus?  …
4. These numbers don't just undercount Chinese deaths bc of PRC propaganda, they undercount the poor and unseen. In the U.S. that's jails, nursing homes, and dense areas with poor people. Abroad it's much worse. Ecuador has 315 confirmed deaths. And yet.  …
We owe China a great deal of Heard 6 years ago, if going the way it was we would be at point of no return with China. We had better learn Chinese AND we were borrowing more  They were promised 2 be World Leaders & they R ticked. Tariffs reduce debt
Calling COVID-19 the "Chinese Virus" has resulted in a surge of anti-Asian hate crimes in America.  …
The new Chinese virus cases in China was brought in by Chinese nationals from abroad. Not Africans whatsoever. The state department has also warned Black Americans to be careful in China.  …
I hope Bright and his girlfriend won’t apologise coz they are right. Only Chinese have fragile hearts. To wumao, free Hong Kong and Taiwan is a country 
TikTok in a nutshell: Bored people doing funny stuff - Dancers and hamsters teaching people how to properly wash hands - Frontliners having a good time - Chinese government shady dealings with  - Politicians and cabinet members dancing -
Bill Maher excoriates liberals who cried racism when President Trump called COVID-19 the 'Chinese virus' 
We're pleased to cross-publish E. Dong's essay "I Want to Be Chinese" (originally in @PositivePeace_) — a timely rejection of Eurocentrism in the diaspora and a call to "look East" to ground our political futures in the long struggles of our homelands  …
Let me be clear. There is a culture in mainland China regarding foreigners, and black people in particular, that is problematic. It is an attitude that is encouraged mainly by the CCP. Not ALL mainland Chinese people are racist. But a lot are. You can bite me
"Asian stereotypes?" I, who struggled for years to  proud of my Asian American identity. I, who wrote the Chinese American book of my heart. To have my debut middle grade Chinese fantasy novel reduced to "humor reliant on Asian stereotypes"? Is my existence a stereotype?
In some Chinese factories, safety has been increased at the expense of speed and workers' temperatures are checked upon arrival 
Reporters are fine. But these are not reporters. These are agents of the  party  …
Of course the elite want change now...the world is onto the CCP shenanigans, plus, the economic free-for-all party is over - citizens were indifferent to CCP as there was no real hardship...economic sanctions and supply chain rethink will hit the Chinese elites' pocketbooks...
In his effort to say we should call COVID-19 the “Chinese Virus,” Bill Maher falsely cites the Spanish Flu. The Spanish Flu originated in Kansas… Maher says “this isn’t about vilifying a culture, this is about facts.” He should take his own advice and stick to the facts.  …
Living here in Florida, I don't believe schools will open again until the Fall. We're still early in the COVID-19 spread & testing in Florida. The damage done to our educational progress due the irresponsible Chinese is beyond troubling!  …
Chinese Fighter Panda Girl that can Buff Up her Arms 
Media wouldnt want to upset their chinese overlords.
Chinese govt banned these platforms in China, but why CCP official and wumao can use it? They are violating their own law Social media platforms have the responsibility to help them stop breaking the law 
“I called up all my pulmonary friends, I.C.U. friends, infectious-disease friends — people I hadn’t spoken to in 10 years,” Huang says. He spoke to Chinese doctors from Shanghai who had been deployed to Wuhan, all of whom painted a dire picture of the damage the virus could do.
THIS IS NOT HARD FOR ME TO BELIEVE BUT VERY SAD.Bitter Winter, a magazine focused on human rights in China, reported  authorities have prevented Christians from accessing live-streamed church services. #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
All US needs to do is to sit back and watch the Chinese destroy themselves with their own words and actions. A Chinese diplomat is guaranteed to say something stupid in the near future. And who are the Chinese going to pick on next after Blacks? Indians?
Chinese officials have begun inspecting every shipment of medical supplies before export, a policy likely to delay the arrival of critical gear at hospitals around the world,  from Europe about quality problems 
Chinese Communist Party developed Covid-19 as biological warfare but the virus escaped the lab in Wuhan to infect China and now the world. The CCP's lying about this and our media, WHO, corrupt politicians, etc., are helping to spread that lie.  …
It is clear the Chinese Government doesn't understand the rest of the world - or diplomacy. But how can they, when they've walled themselves off from the rest of the Global Internet with a great firewall. So, they are - and are still making many unforced errors.
The Chinese Virus infects all cities differently based on many factors: -climate -population density -public transportation -demographics We must determine the low risk areas and open them back up.
Tucker isn't the only person wondering about this phenomenon! China is a military-enforced, authoritarian society! When soldiers say shelter in place, they mean it! How many COVID-19 dead Chinese did the government dispose of without counting?  …
CCP is destroying human lives, culture, language, religion, you name it. This video is an example. It was owned by an Uyghur family, but CCP is destroying it because Uyghurs are not Han Chinese. Such acts are now wide-spread. CCP propaganda says “China has 56 minority races.” 
This is going to be a PR disaster for China. 1. First the Chinese Government lied about this pandemic, and the whole world knows they lied. 2. Then Chinese diplomats peddled silly conspiracy theories. 3. Then videos emerge showing obvious mistreatment of foreigners.
Bill Maher Defends Calling Coronavirus the ‘Chinese Virus’ 
I urge American  to ban the Chinese Communist Party from using their platforms to spread its propaganda.  …
Should the Coronavirus really be called the Chinese Virus?
Wow!! 6 months old baby recovered from Chinese virus & discharged from kasturba hospital, mumbai. baby & her parents received warm  from hsptl staff & residential society, when they arrived at hsptl gate while discharging. 
Nigerians cheer Trump and America for helping them with aid after they were all kicked out of their homes and hotel rooms by racist CHINESE landlords and businesses, claiming it's a measure to curb the spread of Coronavirus. 
BREAKING NEWS Finally FBI arrested a professor from Boston university who was in connection with Chinese university and research lab in Wuhan, and was highly paid by China.......Now it is very close to clear that corona virus is a Bio Attack planned and conducted by China.
Calling it the Chinese Virus could help humanity remember China in the future. After nationalism fades around the world, the names of countries will fall from the imagination like the names of so many minor kings today. The virus could give people a reason to remember China.
To be clear: Peddling the "America has the most covid deaths" line is objectively pushing Chinese disinformation from the CCP Be intellectually honest
A Thai photographer inadvertently referred to #HongKong as a country This caused Chinese nationalists to lose their minds Now Thai twitter is at a war with #China on the #nnevvy hashtag It seems #Thailand supports #HongKong and #Taiwan Wumao are so good at making new  …
"'It's Bats*** Crazy to Eat Bats': Bill Maher Blasts Critics Who Say 'Chinese Virus' is Wrong, Inaccurate" No matter what he wants to call it, after ignoring it for 70 days here in the States, it essentially became the Trumpvirus.  … #coronavirus
“We’ve been informed that from now on black people are not allowed to enter the restaurant,” says a notice on this video sent to me by a Zimbo in China. Chinese racism  by their Government should be condemned. Don’t buy anything from a Chinese business in Zimbabwe. RT 
Wow. The Chinese Communist Party is responsible for the COVID-19 virus, now their putting Africans out on the street?  …
Chinese is a fraud if this is from China
6/  in the West, meanwhile, should take care not to make the same mistake and exult in China's present difficulties. Western policies toward the continent are, in general, woeful and a mess, and feeling good about a perceived Chinese setback won't change that.
True...I also want to confirm that I have been taught for all my life to call people who are originally from Taiwan that Taiwanese not Chinese.
Dianne Feinstein is lobbying the president to grant Iran $5 billion in aid to fight the Chinese Virus Meanwhile—she helped block $250B in aid to Americans this week If you’re blocking aid to Americans but fighting for aid for Iranians—maybe you shouldn’t be in the US Senate
Hey chinese, be calm. I just tell the truth why you guys can’t accept it. 
BREAKING: Yahoo news is reporting that The doctored numbers put out by  Chinese dictatorship are reliable. Why are they reporting pro-Chinese propaganda? When will they be investigated for being agents of a foreign government acting to undermine national security?  …
“The same way we have protected the Chinese here, we expect them to reciprocate the safety of Kenyans who are in China,” Dr. Amoth. #KomeshaCorona 
Chinese : Thai king are ridiculous, your government are just a piece of shit blah blah blah *Thai people are going to be mad for sure, we hurt their feelings a lot!* Thai : Yeah, I know. Right? #nnevvy 
New Chinese Assault Carrier Catches Fire - Forbes  …
. @JoeBiden loves China. #HunterBidenJoeBiden collusion with the Chinese is at everyone’s sight. The Biden’s and the #GlobalistElite don’t care about Americans. We must #StopBiden2020 . 
The government is in discussion with the Chinese Embassy in both countries to ensure that Kenyans in China are protected and their rights are not violated because of COVID-19; Dr. Patrick Amoth, Ag. Director General, Health Services.. #KomeshaCorona 
Maher is bewildered that reasonable people are repulsed by “Chinese Virus.” It ought to be reason enough that it’s a Trump catchphrase, meant as a dog whistle for his bigoted Red Hats. So why make such an uninformed case for an obvious Trump scam? 1 
Jewish-Chinese alliance in the making for decades -- both with Israel and international Jewry. China wants access to high Western tech via Israel and to Jewish financial network. Meanwhile, Justine Trudeau spends day crying like a girl over racism.  …
It's time to connect the dots and recognize the shared agendas of the Fake News Media, Democrats and the  government #EnemyOfThePeople
Uyghur kids in concentration camps. The vast majority of them would not able to see their parents never again, and the Chinese will tell them that they would also have been killed like their parents, it is the Chinese spared them out of their mercy, so they should be thankful. 
Here is VOA spreading Chinese propaganda again this week  …
Bill Maher rips the idea that “Chinese virus” is a racist term: “Can’t we even have a pandemic without getting offended?... It scares me that there are people out there who would rather die from the virus than call it by the wrong name.” 
Aww yall Chinese ppl showering me with love under this post China is the country with profounding history and culture. I learned many great things from it especially the ‘Taoism’. This is my favourite book 
Why doesn't the Fake News Media attack the  government like they do our President Trump? . @realDonaldTrump
And things only got worse after Nixon - successor presidents handed Communist Chinese all the diplomatic, economic, military & political help they wanted - until Trump The Worst Part of Nixon's Legacy Isn't Watergate. It's China.  … #Columns via @pjmedia_com
The Chinese government has ordered that no more N95 respirators, ventilators, hospital gowns and other key medical supplies be exported until customs officials perform quality inspections on each shipment. -via @nytimes
Holy Sh*t!!! Bill Maher absolutely eviscerated the people who are offended by the term " Chinese Virus." Bravo 
The truth is taiwan isn’t a part of china. Chinese be like : 
1-US expert reveals #Chinese #CCPVirus numbers cover up—From the inception of the virus, #China has been #lying. #Mosher concluded,“This is a massive effort on the part of  ’s not just a few Twitter accounts. It’s  …
It seems that the Elephant in the Room with the Falklands is China. It has been busy courting Argentina and already has a space tracking facility there. Some of its propaganda organs have produced material suggesting a future attack with Chinese help.  …
WATCH: Bill Maher defends calling coronavirus "Chinese virus," mocks Democrat Ted Lieu  
Chinese disinformation peddlers:  …
Pro-Communist, paid off lackeys of the Communist Party are doing their best to create a climate of FEAR in portraying ANY criticism of China as racist, bashing,& anti-Chinese in hopes of turning the subject into another “POLITICALLY CORRECT”issue which cannot be freely discussed.
Literally spreading Chinese disinformation  …
Be very, very mindful of who you see repeating this false Chinese disinformation narrative today They are exposing themselves Take notes  …
My friend please be respect english are not mother tongue. I am Chinese mans work hard technology study differential equation united state.  …
The Nigerian opposition does not have the capacity to understand and interrogate issues. How do you celebrate a foreign military yesterday and reject foreign doctors today? and you talk about patriotism?C’mon the Chinese doctors have seen 80,000 deaths and came out of it. THINK
Who has been covering Chinese #coronavirus deaths? How is it even possible that they’ve only had 3343 deaths?
Important signal that Chinese Gov't suppression of COVID-19 story continues. Not simply a function of crisis mentality at the outset. It is the system not the situation.  …
This mainland Chinese Twitter spat thing is the best entertainment I've had in months.
After a century in which the financial world orbited around the dollar, is it possible that we've arrived at the beginning of the Chinese century? 
I'm just assuming it's the year of the bat on the Chinese calendar
The University of Illinois is looking pretty smart right now for taking out that $60 million insurance policy a few years ago to protect against a sudden drop in the number of Chinese students. A pandemic is one of the "trigger" events it included.  …
Article fails to mention that no  is currently allowed to provide  services in China (and never will) WaPo: Trump administration moves against Chinese telecom firms citing national security  …
Like I said before, I don’t listen to Asians when  about racism. Here, my first experience of low-quality racism was perpetuated by a Chinese man. In fact, years ago, Markham residents (mainly Chinese) didn’t want Asylum seekers (majorly Nigerians) housed there.
BYD, a  with no experience making personal protective equipment, has a $1 billion deal to supply masks to California. They have a history of supplying allegedly faulty products to the U.S and links to forced labor. 
Fantuan, more than a food delivery app, started with two friends who met playing Dota. From Vancouver to across North America, they're recreating ultramodern Chinese convenience just as deep-pocketed Chinese students land in the west. @thetyee  …
The Trump campaign released the ad at a time of rising xenophobia and violence in the U.S. aimed at Chinese-Americans. Bigots blame them and other Asian-Americans for the outbreak of the coronavirus, which originated in China. 
Ghana’s Minister of Foreign Affairs has summoned the Chinese Ambassador over to ‘call for his govt to address situation & bring Chinese officials to order over inhumane treatment being meted out to African Nationals’ 
"don't use zoom Chyna will track you" He said in a building made of chinese steel, using products manufactured in china bro you shipped industry overseas and you're worried about chyna seeing your dickpics? Is Xing Lu gonna call up and say your peepee smol?
NEW @vicenews: The first  to get FDA approval to send respirator masks to US hospitals has a history of supplying allegedly faulty products and possible links to forced labor.  … by me and @dnewhauser
Trump's FAILED Tariffs, FAILED Trade Wars, and FAILED Chinese and Japanese Deals, And Bankrupted American Farmers Across the United States, and NOW the Coronavirus PANDEMIC has Proven his Grave ineptitude to Lead and Serve AMERICA. November 3, 2020 - THE BLUE TSUNAMI IS COMING!!
. @AndrewYang: "[The Trump campaign is] casting Gary Locke... as a Chinese leader. And that's flat out wrong on so many levels." 
Chinese Wet a Market Flu? Or the Wet Markets of China’s Flu?  …
Africans as well as African-Americans suffer racist mistreatment in China amid #COVID19 fears. Chinese bars, restaurants, hotels & some businesses refuse to serve clients who appear to be of African origin, & spread rumours that the Africans cause panic.  …
"That Chinese virus" "This is all a hoax, reopen the economy" 
Absolutely! Spot on!! Blame the Chinese Communist Party for the coronavirus crisis  …
My friend this creature are NOT Chinese species not belong culture China tradition ancestory. China are belong Chinese people alway. Chinese are descend dragon bn are descend  …
Akwaaba Ghana to the league of African Governments that stand up for their people against Chinese racism to Africans, when we all know that the Coronavirus started in China not Africa! 
 are together with Pakistan in the fight against COVID-19: Haier Pakistan 2nd batch of protective material will be handed over to NDMA next week. #ChinaPakSolidarity @ImranKhanPTI @ForeignOfficePk @MFA_China @zlj517 @WorldPTV @RadioPakistan 
Islamic State Wives: 'Only Infidels Will Die' of Chinese Coronavirus  …
Why has #China turned against #africa people? Chinese state media claims an african Male assaulted a chinese nurse in the hospital and released this video...thoughts? 
Friends, Try to boycott  as much as possible because  have invested in them. Using these services is doing harm to your country so wake up. @bigbasket_com @Flipkart @Practo @snapdeal @PaisaBazaar_in @Paytm @PUBG #ChinaVirus 
Graphic Witness Accounts of Chinese Burning Corona Victims Alive 
Next time when we have problems with the Chinese, we know where to go; Nigerian Embassy in Samora Machel Avenue or Sierra Leonean Embassy, or Kenyan Embassy or Ugandan Embassy. Those are our real leaders on the continent in dealing with Chinese abuse The rest are pretenders!!! 
Louder please!! 6 ตุลา should not be forgotten! Thanks Chinese friends for joining us ~  …
So the evictions specifically target Black foreigners. It's strange that China the govt. simultaneously protests discrimination against Chinese in the diaspora (rightfully so) but engages in baseless discrimination against Black Africans.  …
They can’t even use Google without VPN. Poor Chinese
Uh... what language is "THE" language? Because there IS NO OFFICIAL LANGUAGE in the United States. In different neighborhoods in Queens you will find the majority language is Spanish, Greek, Hindi, Korean, or various Chinese dialects. Check your racism.
If people want the Chinese model for governance they should just be straightforward and say that. Enough of this “just a small piece of your liberty is all we need.”
The White House attacks U.S.-government-funded VOA for promoting Chinese propaganda with U.S. tax dollars. It says that, "while much of the U.S. media takes its lead from China," VOA has gone "one step further" by trusting China's dubious COVID-19 figures.  …
Thank you sm!! Please don’t get hurt by those Rude Chinese. They don’t know respect. Love from HK and i must visit Thai after the chinese coronavirus #TaiwanIsNotChina #HongkongIsNotChina
Wow. Some unexpected straight talk from @billmaher about the Chinese virus. Is it possible this pandemic could help liberals and conservatives  ground as we realize we were attacked by China? Hope so. Sooner or later something has to give way.  …
Turkish >>> Chinese  …
Hello Chinese, Do you want to know Thai people’s mom. These are some our mom’s name. In truth they have more. 
Over 1 million people effected by a virus and nearly 100K people worldwide killed,  silence on the Chinese regime that killed them! China has blood on their hands and must at a heavy price for this!!
. @AmericaFirstPol's @curtiswellis: The American people are in solidarity with the Chinese people, understand the #CCP's evil nature #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell #CCPVirus Listen & watch  @EpochTimes @gatewaypundit @jfradioshow @AVoiceNews
Kudos to @billmaher for saying what needed to be said. It isn’t racist to call #coronavirus as #WuhanVirus .. but as he said the usual suspects and the Chinese Gov propagandists have started outraging .. just incredible 
Who was that @Channel4News tosser trying to get Pritti Patel to apologise for the deaths caused ! What an absolute arsehole. Why didn’t he attack the f..king Chinese? the useless shit. Does he really think this government is trying to kill people?
The strands of information were there in retrospect. Why did China move so aggressively, the cruise ship that suggested this was much more infectious than the Chinese data would suggest. Some saw it : @ScottGottliebMD @ChristosArgyrop Even Steve Bannon! 32/n
Truth. 1993- #republicanobstruction 1993- #MoscowMitchMcTreason began helping gop obstruct Bills 1993- moscosw mitch married in a Chinese drug family Question is, are they Immortals? 
Your Chinese from mainland should be aware that many of the Thai in twitter are actually of Chinese ancestor but they are not part of China, they are Thai. The same goes for those in Taiwan, HK, SG, Malaysia, they are oversea Chinese, but they are not part of China. #nnevvy
Wet markets are horrible and need to be banned but there is  between Chinese wet markets and the markets in New York. Let me know when you see pangolins, bats, sun bears, snakes, civets, monkey, frogs, etc, at a New York wet market
Fools buy from China. Wake up, boycott Chinese goods !
A Chinese naval fleet, led by #aircraftcarrier the Liaoning, sailed through the Miyako Strait into the Pacific Ocean on Friday: Japanese Defense Ministry (File 
we dont care how chinese ppl think or talk negatively about thailand, but if you dare talk shit about our lovely king.... ...we’ll support you. #nnevy
Chinese medical team boards plane to #Moscow to help in fight against 
 propaganda, brought to you with your own money paid in taxes!  …
From ignoring Taiwan's warnings to parroting Chinese propaganda, here's everything you need to know about the World Health Organization's bungled response to #Covid19  …
How is Trump’s response xenophobic? - Targets  in his rhetoric & TV ads, incl ads depicting Asian Americans as Chinese officials - Late, little, or no translation of public health mandates into multiple languages - Booting ITIN immigrant taxpayers from CARES relief
Diane Feinstein, you hired  Chinese spy who worked side by side with you for over 20 years. Your foreign policy ideas are anti-American. Why do you want to force out-of-work Americans to pay our sworn enemy $5 billion while they shout "death to America"?  …
I will have #BreakingNews Monday @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness on how The Chinese government is imposing new rules which effectively hold back export of key PPE to . Join us 6-9am et @dagenmcdowell
Remember lymphocytopenia in the first Chinese article from Wuhan. Well seems Sarscov2 is directly responsible for it. Several of us hypothesized in Jan virus was direct 2 blame due disproportionate #lymphocytopenic patients with #covid19,check out linked article by Dr  …
AG Barr: ‘The Chinese Are Engaged In A Full-Court Blitzkrieg’ Against The U.S. (VIDEO) – True Pundit  …
If you pround of Chinese, log out from Twitt go back to your Weibo. #nnevvy
Chinese citizens are bullying Nigerians because they know our government will do nothing about it. Not even something as minute as an official press release from the presidency condemning China's actions of targeted bullying and intimidation against Nigerians.
Chinese Virus
What's the Chinese government even supposed to do with classes? "YOOOO these Gweilos do be learning how to use random sampling to draw inferences about a population in seventh grade"
Dear Chinese fellows, I strongly disagreed with how Thais treat you at this moment. I will support you! You may not know but please trust me that below issues can truly hurt Thais!! Share it to the world. Uncover their dirt. Return their rudeness!!  …
Raise your hand if you agree with Trump calling it the Chinese virus cuz I know I do.  …
Everything that chinese people said to Thai #nnevvy THAI 
Actually, he's not a Chinese. He's a Hongkonger
Also just because the mom is whit ran dthe dad is black has nothing to do with the accent. Jamaicans can be black, white, Chinese or Indian... so her race has nothing to do with her using a Jamaican accent
Even Chinese themselves don't trust their own products, why people are still buying life saving medical resources from China?  …
Donnie Does Chinese Radio 
Chinese ppl please google #1MDB #ป่ารอยต่อ ! This will hurt the thais for sure !! #nnevvy
You think there are no Chinese illegal immigrants or Chinese engaging in illegal activities in Africa? Let's not start this game, because if we start it, it will never end.
Those Chinese nationalists threatening to kill this Nigerian diplomat who stands up to China #CCP state sponsored racism against his citizens in China will only unite the world to demand #WuhanVirus damage reparations. RT! This video will go  …
I would rather have the Chinese government have my data than shady discord babyfur admins  …
I note that the WHO stated that this non transmission from human to human statement came from Chinese government. They seemed to be endorcing the statement.  …
Bill Maher once used the N-word and now calls the coronavirus the Chinese virus even after Asian Americans have been beaten on the streets. Well the H1N1 swine flu came from factory farms in America. Nobody calls it the American Pig Flu or demand we stop eating pork and chickens.
So Chinese firms are diverting our consignment to the US....  …
. @BillGertz: Dissident billionaire Ren Zhiqiang now has a one-way ticket to the Chinese gulag, but his example is a clear indication of mounting opposition to #XiJinping #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell #CCPVirus Listen & watch 
When a Chinese claimed that Chiang Mai is a country: 
That Chinese invasion by the way was carried out in coalition with the Americans IN DEFENSE OF POL FUCKING POT and killed like 30,000 people on top of devastating Vietnamese agricultural and industrial capacities. Moreover, ICE must be destroyed
This is the amount bought by just one Chinese in Italy. The person bragged that he has 5 freezers at home. Italy should implement limited purchases.Or else Chinese will wipe out everything on the market without considering others.  …
Bill Maher the pedophile enabler who despite that fact is still allowed on TV says coronavirus should be called Chinese virus*  …
Peelosi/hateful divisive open-borders Anti-American Socialist Dimm party chose to vote against further aid 4 US Small Businesses impacted by Chinese virus claiming no data proving need 4 funds Peelosi are you bat crazy? Yet supports $5 billion CV aid to Iran!? Batsh*t crazy.. 
Among the most famous Japanese actresses in China was Yoshiko Yamaguchi. Born in pre-WWII Manchuria, Yamaguchi was fluent in Mandarin and had a strong affinity for Chinese culture. As a result, throughout her life she never felt fully Japanese. 
Bill Maher defends calling coronavirus 'Chinese virus,' mocks Ted Lieu -  …
Just some food for thought while we ponder how the Chinese managed to stunt our children and kill our economy. The origin of the word for China (中国), or Zhōngguó in Pinyin, is illuminating. 中间王国 means "Middle Kingdom". Or, center of the world. 你应该学会说中文. 了解?
Thanks for Chinese People'kindness that donate million of mask to Thailand government.That mask help safe many life people in USA #nnevvy
“I’m ignoring Iranian and Chinese data”. @afneil is the  …
Houses of Uyghurs are being demolished, Uyghurs are being imprisoned and killed, the Chinese, not only the CCP, is erasing an entire nation with all of its belongings! 
#China must be accountable for its #Crimes. And whole #world must take urgent actions against #Chinese regime. #HoldChinaAccountable #East_Turkistan #Uyghur #ChineseVirus #CCPVirus #Wuhanvirus #coronavirus #COVIDー19 #ChinaMustExplain #WHO #CCP @CGTNOfficial @Uighurian 
Quite frightening to see UK on same trajectory as Italy and just behind France. S Korea top-of-class outlier. US bottom of class. Germany/Sweden looking lot better than UK. But need per capita deaths for  I'm ignoring Iranian and Chinese data.  …
Very sorry to hear the passing of Lady Dunsany. One of my favourite memories is ordering Chinese takeaway delivered to the castle. I was always made  there, a  Maria-Alice extended to my family when they visited. My condolences & best wishes.  …
Let us never forget It was the repressive, deceitful, irresponsible conduct of the Chinese Communist Party regime that caused this pandemic It is the  and goodwill of #Taiwan and #HongKongers that is helping us through it We know who our friends  …
Hey Chinese, if you said that the virus  from China, so where Wuhan is? Is Wuhan not a part of China? Wuhan is a country?! I see #ChineseApologizeToTheWorldForCovid19
#Taiwan has acted with great wisdom and responsibility ever since it first became aware of beginnings of #coronavirus Instead of engaging properly with #Taiwan for public health interest, @WHO played politics, ignored & scapegoated Taiwan at behest of Chinese regime Shameful  …
Maher Unloads On Democrats For Being Offended Over ‘Chinese Virus’: ‘Blame China’, ‘Has Everything To Do With China’  
He’s like the guy that’s last at the game of Chinese Whispers and just can’t remember what he was told
The left-wing media made room for a Chinese propaganda ‘journalist’ at the White House Press Corp Briefing, while excluding an American journalist from OANN who was forced to stand at the back of the room while  Chinese gets a seat. Think about that!
Speaking of Heaven and Earth... Can you explain why Ivanka Trump got China to approve trademarks for COFFINS in May 2018? "The Chinese govt awarded Ivanka Trump’s fashion brand 7 new trademarks...The trademarks, for items such as baby blankets, bamboo crafts and coffins" 
BREAKING! SOURCE OF CHINESE VIRUS CONFIRMED! IT CAME FROM CHINA! 
"The answer is we should blame China. Not Chinese Americans. But we can't stop telling the truth because racists get the wrong idea. There's always going to be idiots out there who are going to indulge their prejudices."
WATCH: Bill Maher defends calling coronavirus "Chinese virus," mocks Democrat Ted Lieu  
MacArthur asked Truman for permission to attack Chinese supply bases. Truman rejected the proposal and then MacArthur went behind Truman’s back and promoted his plan to Republican house leader Joseph Martin, who leaked it to the press. MacArthur had to be fired.  …
. @SimoneGao: Many Chinese people would rather not get into trouble, know info outside firewall But a brave younger generation is surfacing, eager to know, especially amid #Covid_19 pandemic #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell #CCPVirus Listen & watch 
Similar 27% prevalence of #VTE in Chinese ICU patients with #covid19 pneumonia without thrombosis prophylaxis as in Dutch study on thrombosis prophylaxis. This really underpins the need for a RCT to study intensive doses.  …  …
Chinese nationalists on twitter trying to hurt Thais' feelings 
Chair of the African Union Commission summoned the Chinese Amb for the "maltreatment of Africans in Guangzhou". Another e.g. of how China's state-led ultranationalism could backfire and harm Beijing's ambition to assume global leadership.  …
nobody Chinese people - 
Thai people said Hongkong and Taiwan are coutries So chinese people are angry thai people and abuse their king sorry for my bad english
Gilead的最新公开信说了中国不给数据和停掉重症：The publication of data from the China remdesivir trials rests with the Chinese investigators, but we have been informed that the study in patients with severe symptoms was stopped due to stalled enrollment.  …
Does anyone believe this two bit pony show?!? Stop giving these Chinese PR punks any more money! 
Trump administration moves against Chinese telecom firms  … The administration is also drafting a rule targeting [Huawei's] ability to make...chips...At a White House meeting called by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Tuesday, Trump raised no objections
Chinese ppl better start reading international textbook, not only those produced in China with tons of propaganda like the word 'one country two systems'.
ARREST ALL OF THE CHINESE SPIES IN OUR GOVERNMENT AND IN MEDIA
PLEASE TELL ME! Why does the Democrat Party praise the Chinese COMMUNIST PARTY? China persecutes Christians, promotes slave labor, hates God, kills its own people, lies to world, and unleashes Wahun Virus upon the planet? Why does Biden, Pelosi, Dems kiss the feet of CCP?
Controlfreaks: Boston Suburb Threatens $100 Fines to Anyone Walking in Wrong Direction Amid Chinese Coronavirus Panic  … via 
Duolingo put me at their Chinese course’s halfway point after my placement test and I’m already strutting around my apartment like I’m 
As Americans adapt, improvise, and  our @USMC is doing its part, too. Read about the Marines’ new strategy to deter Chinese aggression. First to Fight!  …
I'm a Taiwanese. Taiwan is Taiwan and never a part of China. We host our own Presidential Election erery 4 yrs. We have one of the best democracy in Asia. Taiwan will never belong to Authoritarian Chinese government.
‘Someone had to tell the liberals’: Bill Maher drops a reality nuke on Dems, media triggered by use of term ‘Chinese virus’ 
So-Hi and his rickshaw racer. Now we can’t even say Chinese virus without being labeled racist! 
It's "funny" that Dems stocked up on TP when they understood the truth about the Chinese Virus and I and most people I know stocked up on guns and ammo.
A certain type of  out of the woodwork to hate on Taiwan (and its government for one minuscule thing in this certain case) is harkening back to fond memories of my childhood of being bullied and talked down to by these types.
The old Chinese proverb seems appropriate... "Crisis is an opportunity riding on a dangerous wind." China Declares U.S. Has World’s Worst Coronavirus Response  … via @BreitbartNews
Appropriate protest. China must treat Africans the way Chinese citizens are treated in Africa - which is with decency.  …
On the air with @StephenBannon at 10:40 am est. Talking about the oppression of the Chinese people. Tune in. 
The "Thai versus China" twitter war continues. But a scroll down this thread reveals that many Thais are actually very enthusiastic about the way in which the Chinese are trying to target them #nnevvy  …
Chinese having a trouble with them charger and cup 
OMG !! Chinese tourists criticized after video of them shoveling food with plates at buffet in Thailand goes viral. #nnevvy #Taiwan 
when chinese people try to blame thai king thai people be like: 
Chinese : bangkok is country Thai : 
Wow. I agree with Bill Maher. Hell has officially froze over. Bill Maher blasts 'PC' uproar over 'Chinese virus' label: 'We SHOULD blame China'  #FoxNews
It’s now being reported that Chinese Citizens are kicking Africans out their homes , because they claim Africans are spreading the Coronavirus around in China 
I live in one and that is the scary part. These people realy think that it is a democrat conspiracy to weaken trump or a Chinese conspiracy to hurt trump for imposing tariffs on them . You pick
Dear my fellow Chinese friends, Have you ever heard of the 1989 Tiananmen Square Massacre? 
#nnevvy To Chinese if you feel mad this is only one that Thai people love and this is special mini heart for you . 
#FightTogether Chinese medics share anti-epidemic experience with counterparts in #Myanmar. #COVID_19  
Just a basic filipino 101, we borrowed words from the malay, spanish, americans, chinese and japanese and a little bit of sanskrit/arabic. Id say Filipino language is closely related to Malay also not just Spanish.
A  out of isolation in Shanghai to find empty streets and shopping malls... That's the plot of a sci-fi story written in 2018 by Chinese author 
“Recently a shipment of test kits, masks and respirators donated by the Chinese Alibaba group didn't arrive because the  tasked with transportation feared breaching US sanction rules.”  …
The Chinese are leaving Africans on the streets, homeless, and blaming them for the second wave of the virus... They’re seriously blaming Africans for the virus. Smh
" @gidifeedtv: Mr Speaker reads the riot act to the Chinese ambassador: We will not tolerate maltreatment of Nigerians in China #covid19 
The Chinese players even blame Hong Kong people for the ban on #AnimalCrossingNewHorizons. You know how brainwashed they're living in an authoritarian state. #chinazi #StandWithHongKong
Let me make three points: 1. There is no excuse for anti-Chinese racism and it must stop 2. There is no excuse for anti-foreigner racism in China and it must stop 3. Criticism of the Chinese Communist Party regime or @WHO is NOT racism - such criticism is valid and deserved
“And yes I am racist” is like the Chinese version of  here” apparently  …
So,  are testing everyone before they go back to work, but in the US, testing everyone is considered a big delusional fantasy as it's assumed there is no way the US has the resources to test everyone.
I know that many Africans and people from developed and developing countries who are very fond of China because of Chinese $$$. Now they are only now beginning to see the real face of China  …
. @RealTimers appears to be backing @realdonaldtrump, supporting "Chinese Virus" moniker and saying China "doesn't get a pass." "Jesus f---ing Christ, can't we even have a pandemic without getting offended?" 
Steve Bannon War Room Pandemic Special -- "Life Under the Chinese Communist Party" -- Saturday 10-Noon Eastern -- Live Stream Video Here @WarroomPandemic  …
they’ve killed more chinese people than all other   …
#ArrestDrTedros ‘Rename WHO as Chinese Health Organisation,’ with their Olympics dream crushed by Coronavirus, Japan is furious with China After US, UK, now Japan 
"Two websites for leading Chinese universities appear to have recently published and then removed pages that reference a new policy requiring academic papers dealing with Covid-19 to undergo extra vetting before they are submitted for publication"  …
Hey Chinese why pretend to be korean? You aren’t proud to be chinese ?  …
Need a lesson on chinese history please. Can you explain this pic? Tiananmen 1989 
Uyghur-style homes are destroyed to make way for Chinese-style homes in #EastTurkestan. #Xinjiang 
They are Chinese (from Mainland China) HongKongers Taiwanese Malaysian Chinese Singaporean Chinese Japanese Korean Vietnamese Thai Filipino Indonesian Chinese NOT ALL #ASIAN ARE #CHINESE. We don’t eat bat. We don’t behave the same. We know how to respect.
Former #Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd speaks fluent Mandarin/ Chinese. I wonder why #Australia has been sold out.
Dear Taiwanese and Hong Kong people you can buy my sticker(Chinese version) here —>  … Keep fighting! Love you ส่วนคนไทยซื้อได้ที่นี่  
Officials are confronting China over racist mistreatment of Africans in the Chinese city of Guangzhou, and the U.S. says African-Americans have been targeted too, via 
This thread from an  is just an absolute windmill dunk on the  party.  …
I’m usually useless at cooking but I decided to make my dad a ‘Chinese Fakeaway’ and I’m actually so proud of the results! 
3/ Far better would be to get out ahead of the problem by saying to the Chinese public that anti-foreign, and in this instance, anti-African hostility is intolerable and beneath us. To promise to uphold the law and provide equal protection to all.
If Taiwan is a part of China, why you Chinese people need a visa to enter Taiwan? I'm Thai and I don't need a visa to enter Chiangmai or Phuket because both are truly part of Thailand. #nnevvy
We love our king. Chinese ppl please don’t blame him. He is the gift from god. I miss คนบนฟ้า #nnevvy
Chinese Ahgases raised enough money to pre-order 87,367 (+6211) copies of Got7's Album <DYE> - Day6 #GOT7 @GOT7Official #GOT7_DYE #GOT7_NOTBYTHEMOON cr. 
Watch This - Bill Maher Is So Right About the 'Chinese' Coronavirus  …
Yet people were on the TL begging us to keep Chinese Takeaways open due to the pandemic cause it will cause them to lose their business? Unnu can keep the Chow Mein I’m good  …
#China's problem in achieving post- #coronavirus global leadership is that its vision of the world is one where the leader in Beijing is entitled to absolute obedience from everyone else. If you're not the Chinese leader, how attractive is that?  …
No one: Chinese that use VPN: 
Bravo. “So when someone says, 'what if people hear Chinese virus and blame China?' The answer is we should blame China. We can't afford the luxury anymore of non-judginess towards a country w/habits that kill millions of people" 
Many Chinese immigrants are so selfish and narrow-minded. They don’t care about others, they don’t obey the rules, they don’t respect the laws. Expel these animals back to China. They are trouble-maker, they are the virus.  …
Every American needs to know that Democrats, the Fake News Media and the  government are on the SAME team #WakeUpAmerica
Dear @MinisterSBMoyo the fact the we haven't heard from Zimbabweans in China, doesn't mean it's not happening to them, please tell your "all weather friends" to be considerate. Ghana summons their Chinese Amb Shi Wang to register disappointment. @ChineseZimbabwe 
Many Chinese ask me to learn CHina history, to learn the truth. That's funny and made my day. How could you so sure about the truth of history that you learn since your gov. cover the truth about Tiananmen 1989? and no one of you even know what happen. #nnevvy
To put all speculation to rest. Me giving up the reward to @ky_nickwilson was neither strategic nor heartfelt... I’m actually allergic to Chinese food #survivor #copsrus
Watch: #Venezuela's President Nicolas #Maduro @NicolasMaduro greeted the Chinese medical team with fist and palm salute The eight-member team of Chinese medical and scientific experts arrived in Venezuela on March 31 
"[S]ocial-media sites linked to Chinese state media posted more than 3,300 times a day, triple the normal rate. ... China, which has banned Twitter domestically, has more than tripled accounts on the platform for government  …
The Chair of the African Union Commission, "Moussa Faki Mahamat", on Sat summoned the Chineseambassador to the African Union, Liu Yuxi, to express extreme concern at allegations of maltreatment of Africans in #Guangzhou and called for immediate remedial measures 
On January 14, WHO tweeted that “preliminary investigations” by Chinese authorities had found no evidence of human-to-human transmission. Several days later, it reported “limited” human-to-human transmission, although it downplayed the finding as typical of respiratory illnesses.
SVCC,  online #Yoga series in Chinese social media roping in experienced India yoga Gurus based in China. First session held today by Mr. Sohan on the theme “Yoga for strengthening immunity” which is apt for current situation. @China_Amb_India 
We’re ready to get back to work, Mr. President! We know high unemployment and uncertainty costs lives... ... our rebound is right around the corner Americans want to put the “invisible enemy” Chinese Virus behind us and get on with 2020. And re-election! Trump2020  …
Most likely will join the long list of religious places demolished by the  party. 
Millions of Americans are out of work. Businesses are devastated. High school seniors, like my daughter Chloe, had their graduation year wrecked. The lying Chinese government covered up #coronavirus, but it's racist to refer to #COVID19 as the Chinese or Wuhan virus? Shut up.
I have blocked @OffGuardian0 for vociferously & fanatically pushing #disinfo on the #Covid19 pandemic contrary to the scientific assessment & policy of the Russian, Chinese & Cuban govts & medical-establishments, as well as govts & international institutions around the world 1/-
We have all bought Chinese products for years and the way they thank us is with a virus  for you
So. You organised a grouping to pressure politicians to get ventilators in December? Before the Chinese even said that they had a problem? Before anyone in the world knew, you knew?  …
How U2 (& others) finally found what they were looking for: planeloads of Chinese PPE for Irish health workers. Great story by  …
Officials are confronting China over racist mistreatment of Africans in the Chinese city of Guangzhou, and the U.S. says African-Americans have been targeted too, via 
>food: picked by 3rd world mexican slave labor >tech: ran by indian slave labor >medical supplies: manufactured by chinese slave labor >american wars: dictated by israel >american media: owned by j*** and designed to turn americans into simps globalism is a fire sale.
How did an ordinary, hard-working American woman end up conspiring with Chinese intelligence agents? 
Hong Kong and Taiwan ARE NOT China. But I beg you Chinese people, please don’t insult Thai King. 
Hold up..... the Chinese in Africa are fearing retaliation?!? YA THINK!!
#StandWithBright we will always support you! Don’t be disturbed by those rude Chinese fans! Love you always!!!!!!! from Hong Kong
I am white. I credit 3 oncologists in particular with saving my life from breast cancer. All were Chinese-American doctors in Los Angeles. Witnessing racist attacks & a growing collective hatred of people of Asian descent in America makes me rage. Don’t piss off a cancer survivor
Chinese toilet vs Taiwanese toilet 
Dogs  animals, not livestock and poultry, said the proposed policy released by Chinese agricultural authority on Wednesday, which may be served as the country's signal of a nationwide ban on the consumption of dog meat  …
Some minor overseas Chinese students in the US reportedly took flights to return to China on Sat. Some, wearing protective clothing, were seen waiting in line at an airport in New York. Tickets for a chartered flight from New York to Guangzhou now costs ￥36,117 ($5,136): report 
Can any Chinese tell me that this picture means about ? 
Thread. At around 7:00 pm on April 10 (Friday), the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force 5th escort team “Akizuki” (Sasebo) & the 1st aviation group “P-1” (Kaya) were A total of six Chinese naval vessels have been identified traveling southeast about 420 km southwest. Per source.  …
"China is cracking down on publication of academic research about the origins of the novel coronavirus ... part of a wider attempt to control the narrative surrounding the pandemic, documents published online by Chinese universities appear to show."  …
#WhyImNotVotingForJoe Chinese Corruption #Covid19 No More Shit from China #Trump2020Victory 
Indian over Chinese any day.. not even close  …
Federal Communication Commission Commissioner Brendan Carr has eight questions for the authoritarian regime, specifically relating to those that Chinese government officials have disappeared.  …
No one: Literally no one: Chinese in this tag: TAIWAN IS PART OF CHINAAAAAA 
In short : Chinese don't obey the rule when shopping in supermarket in #Australia. Source :  … They are #Chinese (from #China under #XiJinping of #CCP rule) #HongKonger #Taiwanese #Malaysian #Singaporean #ChinaLiedPeopleDied 
I made maggi today after along time. My motherzzz called me Chinese Wazei Better beware
Beijing on Friday expressed opposition to Washington's threat to cut off #ChinaTelecom from serving the #US market, urging the United States to stop unreasonably suppressing 
This tweet by Japan prime minister Shinzo Abe thanking Taiwan pres Tsai Ing-wen has hurt feeling of... guess who? media reported that Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs considered Abe's post to be problematic and had protested to Japanese Embassy thru diplomatic channels  …
uk government you are no longer allowed to ever say shit about draconian chinese censorship  …
Dear socialist lefty, 1) Your anger is misplaced: The boomers didn't cause the epidemic. The Chinese Communist Party did. 2) The Chinese statistics shows, 78% of the affected, are aged from 30 to 69.  … So as millennial, even impolite yourself is at risk.
China you've made the world SICK! Stop the filthy, disgusting inhuman wildlife markets. Govt leaders need to put sanctions on China to STOP these markets asap so NO further viruses appear. No animals should be treated this way! #chinese #china #covid19australia #coronavirus
Think the Chinese virus isn’t politically driven panic? 
Chinese shipments of N95 respirators, ventilators, hospital gowns and other products face new delays after the government announced Friday it will perform more quality inspections.  …
Chinese virus.... And Fuck you amnesty international... Fuck you... Chines virus... Chinese virus... Chinese virus... Fuck you!!!!  …
Keep crying because Taiwanese dicks are much bigger than Chinese dick eww bean sprouts dick #nnevvy
#GHANA #Ghana summons the Chinese Ambassador to the country Shi Ting Wang "to register disappointment and call for immediate address of the situation and bring their officials to order" over the widespread reports of"inhumane treatment being meted out to Ghanaians. 
#チャーハン Lunch It’s Chinese Fried rice I put Rosted pork it’s just so YUM In my childhood, this dish is typical weekend lunch at home 
#FakeNews: Hurricane Harvey footage used for #Chinese #BatVD story. this is  …
You got to give it to the Nigerians, they will always stand up for themselves, even against the Chinese who are a silent big bully @PamelaEbuwei @OMfwethu @LynneStactia @edmnangagwa @GilbertKays  …
 regime is a dictatorship regime. #CCP wouldn't allow another idea "invading" #CCPChina. Education and social media in China are used to brainwash Chinese. Maybe one day HKers could also enjoy freedom just like in Animal Crossing... #FreeHongKong
i love how they think white people are driving around in trucks attacking chinese people. The people who would attack asians would be their favorite pet minorities
Unfortunately the  is also targeted by the Chinese trolls here..  …
Bill Maher blasts 'PC' uproar over 'Chinese virus' label: 'We SHOULD blame China'  #FoxNews
The Chinese People’s Liberation Army (PLA) held military drills featuring warplanes near Taiwan on Friday as part of “military struggle preparations against the island,” Chinese state media reported on Friday. 
why do Chinese citizens also need a visa to enter Taiwan If you are the same country ? #nnevvy
It is na? In Toronto’s China Town there’s or may be used to be a super famous restaurant I forget the name of. But the tag line is INDIAN Style Chinese.  …
China created a new wave of racism :Target is Africans. UNN founder @Uighurian said :The world needs to choose one: human dignity or Chinese money. #COVIDー19 #LockdownHouseParty #China #Japanese #AfricansAreNotLabRats #AfricansAreNotGuineaPigs #Africansinchina 
My grandfather was a tea planter. Some also called him India’s Tea King! Yet he was a simple, honest and patriotic Indian. After the Chinese War he doggedly refused to buy anything Chinese. I still remember my young days when I had to hide my favourite Wingsun pen from him 
Kutesa Meets Chinese Ambassador, Demands Urgent Action to Safeguard Ugandans in China  … via @SoftPowerNews
From the appalling conditions facing refugees and migrants to the rise of anti-Chinese racism & the continued #HostileEnvironment, we need an anti-racist movement more than ever. Please give whatever you can to keep our work going -  
China's racism and xenophobia has no limits. Kenyans and other Africans in China are blamed by the Chinese people for the return of the coronavirus and are denied access to supermarkets and public transport. They have to sleep by the roadside without food. 
RT @LMBD1418: Last May @CWGC Noyelles-sur-Mer Chinese Cemetery 
AG Barr: ‘The Chinese Are Engaged In A Full-Court Blitzkrieg’ Against The U.S. (VIDEO) 
Coming up at 10AM ET: Apple Daily's @HKMarkSimon joins Steve Bannon LIVE from #HongKong for "Descent into Hell: Life of the Chinese under #CCP" WATCH:  Streaming on @jfradioshow network, @AVoiceNews & @EpochTimes 
‘Mindless And Destructive Measures’: Tucker Questions Why Leaders ‘Chose The Chinese Model’ For Virus Response  …
HiPOD 11 Apr 2020: Year of the Dragon We rotated this image of light-toned blocky material in southwestern Melas Chasma because from this perspective, it resembles a fabled Chinese dragon. NASA/JPL/UArizona  … #Mars 
Watch This - Bill Maher Is So Right About the 'Chinese' Coronavirus:  …. .
Bill Maher: "So when someone says, 'what if people hear Chinese virus and blame China?' The answer is we should blame China. We can't afford the luxury anymore of non-judginess towards a country w/habits that kill millions of people" 
 are responsible for the spread of three contagions in most of our lifetimes. In whatever form it  is proving as destructive as always. We need to wise up about Xi and his evil designs.  …
And we will fight the right to protect the elections from corrupt power hungry people such as yourself, instead of concerning yourself with the elections take care of your state and help stop the spread of the Chinese virus. Signed, A Legal Immigrant @POTUS @Mike_Pence  …
I used to study in the State before I depart my country my mom said sweet heart don’t be friend with Chinese since then I didn’t know the reason but now I knew it omg I least i made friends with Taiwanese pp im proud of myself. Mom you have my word! #nnevvy
 come Chinese Have real mango Real ปูผัดผงกะหรี่ Real ยำปลาดุกฟู 
Beijing denied until Jan 20 that human to human transmission was occurring, meanwhile, Chinese officials  were acquiring bulk medical supplies from Australia, Europe, etc. Beijing hoarded the world’s life-saving resources while falsely claiming there was no risk.
Time to put #China on lockdown for its dishonesty amid #coronavirus crisis China’s response was inept, dishonest and utterly inconsiderate of the world. We need to teach the #Chinese government a lesson  …
A team of 10 Chinese medical experts departed from Harbin, capital of northeast #China's Heilongjiang Province, for #Russia on Saturday morning to help in the fight against the #COVID19 outbreak in the country  
I wonder what are the Dems are getting in return for their Chinese propaganda and support?
THE STATE OF OHIO HAS 12,000,000 PEOPLE, AROUND 6,000 PEOPLE HAVE OR HAD CHINESE VIRUS AND THE ENTIRE STATE IS SHUTDOWN ON THE OTHER HAND 16,000 PEOPLE WHERE HOSPITALIZED WITH THE FLU NOT ONE WORD FROM THE GOVERNOR #CreepingSocialism
Kutesa Meets Chinese Ambassador, Demands Urgent Action to Safeguard Ugandans in China  … via @SoftPowerNews #COVID__19 #HealthyAtHome #StayHome #China #Uganda #Diplomacy #SoftPowerNews
What has the United Nations done to try and stop the spread of Chinese coronavirus?
While everyone is pushing against discrimination against the Chinese, this is what they’re subjecting Africans to || Africans in Guangzhou are on edge, after many are left homeless amid rising xenophobia as China fights a second wave of coronavirus - CNN  …
VP Mike Pence told Fox News’ Sean Hannity that, after the Chinese coronavirus pandemic is over, the World Health Organization would be held accountable for their role in failing to prevent the spread of the virus. Best news I've heard all day! Agree? 
Patrick Amoth, D.G. MoH: Our embassy in China through the local Chinese embassy Ambassador have been in discussions to ensure Kenyans in China are being protected, same way we are ensuring Chinese in Kenya are not being discriminated against 
This is not the first time, Africans are being discriminate in China for years, but no one criticize Chinese for racism 
I just learned that my Chinese zodiac animal is a Tiger ,interesting
'..."What people thought was a global supply chain was a Chinese supply chain,” says Mr Mahindra. The quest for supply chains independent of Beijing needs to go further, and deeper'  …
The Chinese Wuhan Virus is NOT 10 times more dangerous or contagious than the Flu. Lies, Lies & More Lies. Just lies to scare and make people panic. Let’s not forget that these two medications help save lives. #Hydroxychloroquine #Azithromycin 
also chinese virus  frome china too.
Nipah, 2018 - 'beef eating antinationals' Defeated Nipah, moved on Flood of the century, 2018-19 - 'beef, ISIS, antinationals' Overcame in style Corona, 2020 - 'Chinese virus, Gulf' Defeating it, country to follow Kerala model Yes fools, our state rocks & our government cares 
Ol' Tedros is corrupt as hell, bought by Xi Jinping. Why the hell are we underwriting this garbage front group for the Chinese with hard earned taxpayer dollars?  …
The Turks with all their own problems at the moment gifted us with a plane load of medical supplies. The Chinese have also helped us with supplies and personnel. Our press have often had very little praise for these nations.  …
Coronavirus can spread up to 13 feet from infected patients: Study by Chinese scientists in a Wuhan hospital shows  …
LIVE 10AM ET: Steve Bannon's #WarRoomPandemic special "Descent into Hell: Life of the Chinese under #CCP" Gen. @Robert_Spalding Dr. Lin Xiaoxu, #TiananmenMassacre survivor @SimoneGao, journalist @SalihHudayar, E. Turkistan Nat'l Awakening 
Our governments don't want us to be angry because of your words Whatever you think about, Chinese people live happily and we will be stronger and stronger. By the way, emperor family of Thailand came from China.
Sorry Bill Maher , we're on same page about most things but liberals have right to be incensed about Trump calling it the Chinese Virus cause the details showed it was politically motivated. The examples you gave were weak. At the very least "China Virus" would have been better
More  from the Chinese Health Organisation. @WHO  …
Prophecy on #ChineseVirus- From 2018 book, #ChinaInIndia Chinese Surveillance state and capabilities... 
Looking at the size of Chinese Diaspora alone, they cannot afford to be racist or xenophobic. They  out worse off. It won’t end well.
The Chinese are discriminating against Africans, removing them from their homes, and blaming them for the Rona? 
How's that CHINESE SPY
Is this a true reflection of what the Chinese think of Africans? 
Chinese police pulling Black people out of their homes, denying them access to public transportation & food. Even denying 6-8 month pregnant African women access to healthcare. This is who you smart & progressive people were gassing up last week, no? 
Hi Chinese Please tell your gov about giving permission to you for using google ,youtube without VPN #nnevvy
Most of Chinese IO can type only “ Funny Mud pee “ because their government not allow for learning something new. #nnevvy
"There's been a push in Guangzhou to get them out. This has been an easy excuse to push  out." 90% of China's imported cases held Chinese passports, according to Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs.  …
I am a big fan of Chinese movies, just watched 2 Ipmam movies. The strange thing is u never see roamtic scenes. Chinese present themselves as not liking intimacy but somehow they have been able to reach 1.4billion in numbers. It surely is osmosis.
Prime Minister Boris Johnson is said to be able to walk again for brief periods after he was moved out of the intensive care unit (ICU) at St Thomas’ Hospital, London, where he is being treated for Chinese coronavirus. 
@JoeBiden, Dems & media can’t handle the truth of His record plus Hunter using his dad’s name for big cash from the Chinese Communists. This ad is Do you Agree? Retweet this tweet Leave your handle @Follow all Patriots Follow @AngelWarrior321 
COVID-19: Show your certificates, work experience - CAN tells Chinese medical team  …
Good job Sir. But this is not the time to sweet talk the #Chinese. Anyone who throws you out amidst such crises is never a friend. Now we can see through them clearly what they are...let #Africa unite and bring our sons and daughters home. #StopTheChineseInvasion @honorableshirl1
Hunter Biden took $1,500,000,000 from the Chinese government. China now OWNS Joe Biden. That’s how it works. #WhyImNotVotingForJoe
We gon tell Blk folks it’s our fault for contracting a virus that’s out of China but we can’t demand they stop eating bats? FOH. Xi lied & now Blk folks dying from the Chinese virus. That’s what happened.
Director-general of the Chinese Communist Party, influenced WHO, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, is not a medical doctor & is a member of a Marxist-Leninist Ethiopian political party that is a perpetrator of terrorism" No more money for WHO!  …
As much as we disagree with Bill Maher, he is 100% right as he blasts the PC Police over the uproar about calling COVID-19 the 'Chinese Virus or Wuhan Virus' - 'We SHOULD blame China' It's about Location, Location, Location! 
Ghana Minister of Foreign Affairs & Regional Integration "Shirley Ayokor" just summoned the Chinese Ambassador to Ghana "Shi Ting Wang" to register her disappointment and call for his Government to immediately address the situation and bring their officials to order. 
So she is an "Educated" gazetted officer who also happens to be married to an Army officer. And since she is a literate Babu the Chinese Corona Virus won't impact her. Gr8 all the while the whole world was searching for the cure and here she has found it  …
Taiwan is a country. Shut up ka E Chinese สลิ่ม #nnevvy
Iran is a BCG country as well, but Australia is not. But latter fared better despite being full of Chinese tourists in Jan. Even Chinese data could be gleaned for impact of disruptions in vaccination due to Cultural Rev etc. So, the  is not full story.
My Office invited the Chinese Amb to the AU,Mr Liu Yuxi, to express our extreme concern at allegations of maltreatment of Africans in #Guangzhou+called for immediate remedial measures in line with our excellent relations.The African Grp in #Beijing is also engaging with the 
Can someone tag any Chinese that incase they succeed in clearing every black man from planet earth which won’t happen what’s next for them....?
I see white America working hard to shift blame of Blk COVID deaths to Blk folks. This the Chinese virus. They taking this L. All of em.
A Chinese laundry product advertisement put a dark skinned guy into the washing machine for washing, and replaced them with fair-skinned boyfriends. When  to racial discrimination, #China really is a pioneer . #RacismFromChina Credit 
Apologize to who? To the Chinese fans? For being so jobless bringing up random things abt Taiwan? Yall just hated her bc she's bright's girlfriend just admit it. You have no rights to tell us THAI how to think, we're not brainwashed. And Taiwan is not a part of China.
Blavity Blacks “lets not be racist towards Chinese due to the Rona” China “Nxgga please get out you got the Rona” 
Trump administration has launched an urgent probe into attempts by a state-owned Chinese investor to seize control of a British chip designer 
I still don't understand how China didn't make it to top 5 since it started there. There is a secret Chinese are hiding on #COVID__19 treatment.  …
GOP sounds alarm after 'quasi-official' Chinese outlet gains access to coronavirus press briefing, promotes Beijing 
Taiwanese has always been nicer than Chinese that’s how democratic country do... Taiwan the best country #nnevvy
ALERT! SCAM! This has nothing to do with protecting people! It's all about control! Apple and Google Join Forces on Chinese Virus Phone Tracking  … via @BreitbartNews
Once more, the world is watching and waiting for America to prove the future is freedom. An open letter to President @realDonaldTrump  … ‘... if one genuinely cares about the Chinese ppl, one must condemn the #CCP.’ #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #CommunismKills
Ghana summons Chinese Ambassador over 'inhumane treatment being meted out to Ghanaians and other African nationals" in China.  from the Government of Ghana will be issued within the next 24 hours to address the issue. 
Harvard received almost $100 million donations  China. This doesn't count the 350 million dollar gift from a a Chinese Foundation to the Harvard School of Public Health. Does anyone believe China donates money to benefit anything but China?
When Chinese Virus is gone,there'll be no Middle class left in South Africa. Only the rich and the poor.
I request to #TATA please make mobile phones also. So we can throw out Chinese phones...
Chinese City Evicted Scores Of Africans From Their Homes As WHO Accused Taiwan Of Stoking Racism.  …
. @GovGaryLocke has reason to be angry--and so should Biden and the rest of us. The ad makes former WA Gov. Locke--then U.S. Amb. to China--look like a Chinese official Biden is bowing to in Beijing.  …
We need radical re-think about our relationship with the Chinese Communist Party regime, & about supply chains. We need more globalisation of values of human dignity, human rights, democracy, and reform of globalisation based on dependency & exploitation  …
A regime that will ban a game like this to save face and prevent insults is a regime that would cover up the truth of the coronavirus for the exact same reasons. The Chinese Communist Party is the most corrupt government in modern history.
Go tell me when the Chinese people have ever been free.  …
"It's bats*** crazy to eat bats": Bill Maher blasts critics who say 'Chinese virus' is wrong, inaccurate  …
i love the way chinese produce shows are way more open about trainee's looks. first a tomboy center and many non-stereotypical beauties in qcyn2 and now a blasian trainee. when will korea ever
The fact that the Trump administration accused Voice of America (of all things) as being "Chinese propaganda" is a damning indignation of just how much the Presidency  lost its mind over China. Yet Americans fail to realize this.
US v China: Donald Trump agrees restrictions on sale of tech to China. A friend of mine built machines for making sisal. He sold one to the Chinese and never sold another. They ignored the patent & sold them at a fraction of the price that he could. 
It’s fair to criticise the UK Government over its decisions. But the level of vitriol. It’s hard to remember that it’s the Chinese Government that got us here.
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials. ~Chinese Proverb #quote 
If the recent upsurge in Chinese anti African behavior continues, it will undo the goodwill created by @JackMa. #COVID19 started in China, not  …
Who is the real culprit behind Extension of the Lockdown??? RT for #JamaatVirus Like for Chinese Virus
#auspol #covid19australia #Covid_19australia Ever wonder how the atrocities of the 20thC happened? Why neighbours turned on neighbours? Why people betrayed friends? Why cultured Germans became monsters? Chinese students beat & tortured their teachers? LOOK IN THE MIRROR
Ventilator orders breathe life into Chinese #copper demand "There is about 1-2 kg of copper in each ventilator  …
Chinese characteristic problem solving If CCP can't be the Savior, then kill the one has the ability to be 
Apple and Google, who together control over 99 percent of the global smartphone operating system market, are joining forces to track contact between carriers of the Chinese virus and other individuals, using smartphone location data. 
 in Chinese city allege being targeted in coronavirus crackdown  
Dear Mr Ambassador @ChineseEmbKenya We never singled Chinese out when the Virus was ravaging China. Get your oeople to STOP this . To @AfricanUnionUN @_AfricanUnion grow some spine Africans targeted in China virus crackdown  … via @dailynation
It’s hard to tell which headlines  from libertarian think tanks and which ones  from the Chinese Communist Party. 
when that kpop girlgroup debut with a song using chinese lesbian terms as the title
The Chinese Ambassador to Uganda, Zheng Zhuqiang, has held talks with Foreign Affairs Minister Sam Kutesa over the alleged mistreatment of Ugandans in China. The ambassador said his government was taking steps to address the matter. 
If you see any Chinese man in your area, drag him to the airport. #ChinaMustGo
How #China Is Remaking the #UN In Its Own Image China’s attempts to make the UN a tool for achieving its hegemonic ambition could end up destroying the body from within 4 of the 15 UN specialized agencies are headed by Chinese nationals A great read  …
Aria Jin Zihan was also pretty since birth too. She won a Miss Chinese American beauty pageant in 2017. #ariajin #jinzihan 
Impact of Covid-19 on CPEC. The Chinese side has been taking strictest measures to screen and check the inbound personnel from China, and so far there is not a single imported case from China.  
Whilst In Africa the Chinese people are so respected and given first preferences in many things.
The WHO is a failed organisation under the control of the Chinese
Wooooaaahhh!!! Mew played in a Chinese drama before called "NICE TO MEET UFO" HE LOOKS SO CUTE HERE OMG!!!! 
It's all thanks to #CCP, Chinese Communist Party to create this global pandemic, because they choose to cover up the story regarding #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak at the beginning Thereby, we must remember the truth and 
Alego Usonga MP Samuel Atandi has asked the government to withdraw all security officers manning Chinese business installations and residences in the country following the reported dehumanisation of Kenyans living in China.  …
Kwankwasiyya Foreign Scholarship 1)  110 2) PhD in view 220 3) Marine Engr 25 4) Pilots 100 5) Medicine 152 6) First degree in different areas 2,515 7) BSc Nursing 200 8) BS Computer 379 9) Certificate in Chinese Language 100  – at Webcoupers
This Chinese stupidity is really tragic! What have we  as human beings!!!  …
Yep. Twi sounds like Chinese  …
Capitalism is here to stay. Even the Chinese have gone capitalist.  …
Finally from Maher!! Bill Maher blasts 'PC' uproar over 'Chinese virus' label: 'We SHOULD blame China'  #FoxNews
Chinese astronomer discovers fastest rotating star in Milky Way galaxy  …
The N95 masks donated by Chinese were not actually N95 and were of lower standard confirmed Health Ministry  …
Chinese bribed African officials and  Africans were slaves to support the infrastructure debt. Chinese is even worse than the west. Frankly, Chinese discrimination is subtle but deep.  …
How about murdered by the Chinese. Is that sensational enough for you?  …
@OncoAlert Great tweetorial on Chinese #Covid19 #Cancer inpts paper (N=105). Me: caution to not dismiss chemo as risk factor: Small N no stats power to find all risk factors (needs 10-20 pts per var) 40 days of chemo is not necessarily = on chemo only hypotheses  …
@SenFeinstein is on Chinese and Iranian payrolls. Every one knows that. She is as corrupt as it gets.
"I've been sleeping under the bridge for four days with no food to eat.I cannot buy food anywhere, no shops or restaurants will serve me," said Tony Mathias, student from Uganda who was forced from his apartment on Monday. Ugandan Ministry of Foreign Affairs met the Chinese Amb. 
A lot of relief stuff including testing kits which Pak bought from  and also the ones which they donated were scrapped by many hospitals in Pak since they were sub standard.
Chinese writer faces online backlash over Wuhan lockdown diary  …
A team of Chinese medical experts leave for Russia to aid the #coronavirus fight. #COVID19 
 … Interesting article. Confirms what many have suspected for a while, overseas releases (namely China) account for more sales when  to Visual Novels for  Chinese marketing is definitely going to be a mainstay of future release plans.
It's really hard for me to understand why chinese and white people want Africa and Africans wants to go to heaven. #ShimzaMustFall #twitterbuntu
Ugandan Foreign Minister meets with the Chinese ambassador to express concern about the mistreatment of Ugandan Nationals living in China. 
The events unfolding around us must not be used by the Chinese Communist Party as a smokescreen to increase their repression in Tibet. Please help us support religious freedom for all Tibetans.  …
Unfortunately, due to prejudice, the US and some countries cannot adopt traditional Chinese medicine for the clinical treatment of #COVID19 patients, said Zhang Boli, China's top academician. #TCM  
That's not true. It's one hypothesis, however it is believed that the Flu was  in China and spread via Chinese workers. Needless to say it is Scientific Fact that most of our worst diseases originate in China and Africa due to wet markets and poor hygiene.
Some months ago, several BJP/Sangh Parivar leaders were calling for the Boycott of chinese goods! Today, upon India's request, China has sent the first batch of rapid test kits to detect covid-19! Sense and Sangh must be inducted as perfect antonym!
The novel coronavirus COVID-19 shares 80 percent of its genome with the coronavirus causing SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome), but is the new virus as "deadly" as SARS? A Chinese doctor explains their differences. 
Hon. Sam KUTESA Minister @UgandaMFA this morning met with H.E. Zheng ZHUQIANG the Chinese Ambassador @ChineseEmb_Uga . The Minister called on the Government of #China to urgently intervene and address the plight of Ugandans in 
Looks like everyone is getting their share of the Chinese racism and discriminatory pie as foreigners are now "the carriers of the Chinese virus" according to media and reports. #China #Africa #World 
Nah... it was just a leak from a Communist Chinese biolab. No need to deify nature.  …
@femigbaja is fast  one of the most effective & inspiring leaders of this dispensation. He is courageous   him for his intervention on the electricity issue &the Chinese matter. I have known him for 40 years & I am not surprised by noble efforts.
It must be frustrating to Trump that the Chinese have opened their economy and life is returning to some normality, while he has to attend pressers where he has to announce that the virus infection is growing.
Many of them are spies for the CCP but the American universities don't care, because these Chinese foreign students pay for their tuition up front, in cash.
i feel like most of u have no idea what sects im talkin abt and at 10k likes , i feel obligated to tell you about the untamed and their own traditional chinese  fashion and the extraordinary amount of detail that went into it 
This article is the latest attempt by the media, Chinese scientists and their western collaborators to offer evidence that CoVid-19 evolved naturally, but there is still no explanation regarding the origin of CoVd-19's unique furin polybasic cleavage site. 
Hello, Friends. It’s been a while. Happy Spring, and blessings for the sacred days you consecrate. For me, it is #easter. Look at the sweet eggs! The herbs that follow are the Chinese medicines I am taking for alas…  …
Recent rocket launch fail in #China. Many Chinese technologies depend on the west. If democracies of the world act together, #BoycottChina, embargo technology and trade with China, China will be weaken. Evil Chinese Communist regime must end. 
Ambassador ⁦ @China_Amb_Zim⁩ ⁦ @ChineseZimbabwe⁩ reports of xenophobic treatment of Africans in China are worrying. Our countries host Chinese nationals & we treat them with respect & dignity. What’s the Chinese government doing about this?  …
The So-Called Nanking Massacre was a Fabrication The Japanese Military in Nanking was Humane. Those  atrocities were Chinese soldiers.  
cc @femigbaja Thanks for your effort so far & reaching out to the Chinese ambassador for explanation, you have more evidence to show him here
Trump sees all these  from China but the deep state wants to keep the status quo with the Chinese government because it enriches their wallets!
For Malaysians, Singaporeans and Bruneians who don't know the term "Tionghoa", "Tionghoa" means "Chinese" in Bahasa Indonesia.
Ten days ago, Myanmar's brave Cardinal Charles Bo called on Chinese Communist Party to  to the world for the pandemic caused by its "repression, lies and corruption" Let's remember this message from one of Asia's most senior Cardinals  …
New Chinese #Gospel Song " #Blessed Are Those Who Accept God's #New Work" All who are able to obey the #present utterances of the #Holy Spirit are #blessed. It does not matter how they #used to be, .……  
I am pissed we brought in 15 doctors from China. They have started feeling like we depend on them for everything (loans, airport, rail, health etc. They are now treating our people like trash. "See Finish" is at record high. The chinese are deadly. We need to start cutting off  …
Special edition Canadian Red Ensign (1868-1921) + National Chinese Soviet Republic = National Red Ensign: 
To pass out H1B visas like candy to the  is insane And, Chinese nationals make up the largest group of international students in the US. They account for roughly 30% of all foreign students. There were about 340,000 this year.
@selenagomez @SelenaFanClub Some nights, I just want more than mea drawing from a Chinese Selenator 
#Japan Intercepted #Chinese Military Aircraft 675 Times in 2019 This marks a 6%  to the same period in 2018 It marks the second highest number of scrambles in response to Chinese military aircraft for a one-year period since 1958  …
“ bitchh you ain’t hear me barking , the chinese had me in a headlock in the front yard” 
And the Chinese in Brunei lagi teruk, they are Permanent Resident and "pendatang". Truly Malaysian supremacist wet dream.
Tibet is flooded by a number of tourists exceeding its official population china is turning Tibet’s heritage sites into Disneyland style tourist attractions so Tibet's ancient traditions are being packaged up and sold by the occupying Chinese regime. China: let Tibet be 
 Series of China Law Programs The Berkeley Center for Law and Technology is hosting a three-part series on current developments in Chinese law. The first webinar will be held April 22 at 4:30 P.M. PST, 7:30 EST. Join our discussion.  …
The Nigerian government standing to these Chinese racist fools is everything you'd want to see today.. Africa must unite now! 
After this pandemic, can the entire world please sue the Chinese government for this disaster and their suspicious decisions surrounding numerous economies.
"We must continue to bring the Chinese Government to account ... We owe it to the whistle-blowers and the victims of the Chinese state to make sure their officials’ transgressions are countered effectively on the global stage"  … via @Telegraph
I'm a really big fan of the Bee Gees and I also like cooking Chinese food. You can tell by the way I use my wok...
Chinese league teams when they spot a 26+ Brazilian. 
"You can't trust the Chinese government with their facts and figures", say people living in a country that only records the deaths of those who die in hospital in its official figures and hasn't tested the vast majority of people.
South Africans wake up, this country is no longer yours,15000 Chinese rice farmers  to S.A. where will they get the land since we also battling for Land
Thought of the day. If ppe is predominately made in #China Why?? were  buying it from every country in extreme quantities (including the #UK) & sending it back to China?? before the world crisis. I remember seeing ppl doing this. Hmmmm
Watch the Chinese Ambassador to Nigeria being grilled by the Nigerian authorities regarding the ongoing maltreatment of Africans in China. This is what responsible governments do unlike our useless GVT which gets orders from the Chinese embassy. @MinisterSBMoyo 
Whaaaaaat... US Consulate in Guangzhou is reporting that local authorities have issued public orders to bars/restaurants to *NOT SERVE PEOPLE OR AFRICAN ORIGIN* out of #COVID19 fears. Where in hell did Chinese authorities pull that out from??  …
The best take on the Coronavirus yet. Nothing close. It is non-political,  sense which is no longer  Don't care if youre a Dem, Ind. or Republican, the wet markets need to be shut down & America has to get off its dependence on Chinese products, period.
Indian Chinese deserves to be a cuisine in itself... 
I have been an old use of sharechat. It's lovely. Made in India. Made by India. Doesn't steal data. No Chinese servers. I have a wonderful village folks following me there. Now they are promoting arogyasetu app to every village. @narendramodi  
Brexit Party leader Nigel Farage has warned that Chinese interests are lining up to take advantage of the coronavirus crisis by buying “vast swathes of our strategic and manufacturing industries”.  … via @BreitbartNews
Liz Cheney Calls WHO’s Tedros ‘A Puppet of the Chinese Communist Party’  …
There is more personnel in the Chinese army than the entire Australian population..
Ten Chinese patients with severe cases of covid-19 were given transfusions of blood from those who have beaten the disease. After three days, the patients seemed to do much better. In several of the patients the virus cleared up entirely. 
#COVID19: Nigerian Diplomat Confronts Chinese Officials Harassing And Maltreating Nigerians In China, Tells Them Act No Longer Acceptable | Sahara Reporters A visibly angry Cyril accused the Chinese officials of targeting Nigerians in... READ MORE:  
Sen Feinstein urges POTUS to approve of Iran’s $5B loan request to contain the Chinese Virus. Do you wonder what happened to $150B in cash frm Obama? Join me supporting @realDonaldTrump Retweet Comment Follow Bookmark Please follow me 
Chinese restaurants ordered not to serve clients of African origin  …
This is Sameer Khan, first Chinese Virus positive from Sagar District, Madhya Pradesh. You don’t be like Sameer Khan. Please wear mask & wash your hands. Maintain social distancing. Stay Home - Stay safe. 
Lord O'Neill (chair of Chatham House) is being used by Chinese propagandists (and official media) to promote how wonderful the Communist Party of China's response to coronavirus was, after agreeing to an online interview. Think smarter about what you say yes to and what you say.  …
Boycott Chinese product.
Bloody Chinese wet markets hey?  …
RSS then: RSS Now: Indo-China Chinese Virus War War 
Chinese first landing helicopter dock catches fire  
anyone who cites spanish flu as a reason to call covid-19 chinese flu betrays their abject ignorance of how spanish flu got its name.  …
Chinese Fine Cuisine at its best. There's a reason Communist China is the birthplace of so many zoonotic viruses and infectious diseases that spread globally. #ChineseVirus #WuhanCoronavius via @brollejrhoff 
Selena replying to her Chinese fans on QQ Music 
Bill Maher blasts 'PC' uproar over 'Chinese virus' label: 'We SHOULD blame China' Maher mocked  listing several other illnesses that are named after their locations of origin -- West Nile virus, Spanish flu and MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome) (Fox News)
Because WHO did the naming and they are controlled by China. Of course they won’t call it the Chinese Virus...
Zoom app is chinese , chances of contagion through optical fibres is high. Nest time @narendramodi ,please use the ayurvedic kimbho app , developed by babaji 
Evidence for #hydroxychroloquine in #COVIDー19 patients. Summary: serious methodological issues in the 2 studies by the #Marseille group. Efficacy results contradicted by other studies. One Chinese RCT suggests clinical benefit. Room for hope, but not a magic bullet! 
Why do South Africans think they're exempt from whats happening in China. You think the Chinese know the difference between a Nigerian & a South African when they deny you entry into shops? It's not about visas because an African diplomat was even assaulted. #ChinaMustExplain
PHOTOS: Reps invite Chinese envoy over treatment of Nigerians in Beijing. 
Exactly, it wasn’t until Trump needed to deflect blame that he started calling it the Chinese virus and his cult followed suit.
This user (from China?) wrote me,”I saw all the articles cursing u on Chinese media.I know u cant be worrying abt this now. But in case u see this note,know that its only some Chinese  wishes things get better.” Its a simple note but man, it moved me 
Because the Chinese dictatorship covered it up, lied about it and was the cause of the virus
Zoom is a threat to the cyber security and since it's servers are located in China it is duty bound to share data with CCP as per the Chinese law.  …
2. It didn’t stop there! The Nigerian Consular-General in China has also confronted the Chinese Government in China & stood up for his people. He told them in their face that they were being racist! We hope & pray that all the cowards in African state houses can learn from Naija! 
1. I am so proud of Nigerians this morning! They have stood up for Africa and confronted the Chinese Government over the racist attacks on Africans in China! The Chinese Ambassador in Nigeria has been warned in Abuja. This is what real Governments with legitimate mandates do! 
The meeting would have been set up by staff, who are obviously around the PM for fire fighting technical issues . Chinese Virus Vidya exposes her stupidity yet again.  …
Bill Maher on Chinese coronavirus: "So when someone says, 'what if people hear Chinese virus and blame China?' The answer is we should blame China. We can't afford the luxury anymore of non-judginess towards a country w/habits that kill millions of people" 
Pretty soon we will know who was responsible for ordering the #Coronavirus coverup within the Chinese Communist Party. Their actions unleashed hell on the rest of the world. I can’t think of a group of people more deserving of #Magnitsky  …
It's absolutely fascinating to watch how the reaction to events in Guangzhou is now playing out in plain view on social media. To witness a Chinese ambassador getting a lecture like this has got to be a diplomatic first.  …
Several Chinese provinces have found cluster cases of COVID-19 infections again, China’s National Health Commission said on Sat.  demanded to strengthen monitoring at important venues and among key groups of people to ensure early detection and to minimize the risks 
Sandrine Nduwimana, Director of the Internationa Liaison Dept. at the China-Africa Business Council posted a few suggestions for Chinese stakeholders on how to talk about the recent events in Guangzhou with Africans and others. The Chinese version is now circulating on WeChat. 
I want Chinese food
the newer ones drilled by Chinese begin around 30 or so miles south of the mexican border. tunnels go into california texas arizona. media of course lies when they show "new tunnel" found looks like something from the civil war. on the right is what they really look like 
I’ve evidently  target of massive campaign on Chinese social media. My crimes are everything to moving to the US, supporting democracy,writing abt China,writing abt HK,most disturbingly I’m “disgusting Bc she likes black people.” The rage here is frightening& disheartening 
WHO....the failed organisation, in the pockets of the chinese, with no credibility.
Chinese ambassadors in Africa have spent months reassuring anxious parents that their children studying in China are safe and protected from the COVID-19 outbreak. Now, it's going to be fascinating to see if and how they explain this.  …
She looks soo cool. Skateboarding in traditional (Tang maybe?) Chinese cloth 
Sadly, over 2000 people died today of CoronaVirus in USA, mostly because of state neglect after Trump described the deadly virus as a Chinese “hoax”. BUT the US is still busy destabilising Middle East & preparing to assassinate people who reject their imperialist domination:  …
#China #helicopter #aircraftcarrier #PLANavy Fire in Under-construction Chinese Helicopter Carrier  
“I don’t know how to write love letter, only know how to write a ‘heart’”. Even in Chinese he is so romantic. Nah you won’t find anyone like this in real life. #MewSuppasit  …
Nigeria must repatriate their citizens like other countries, treat their locals and stop feeling entitled to handouts. Chinese are looking after their own, Nigerians must look after their own. The giant burden of Africa always tarnishing image of Africans 
A mosque somewhere in #China demolished by the  regime. Part of a campaign to 'sinicise' mosques across China. #Islam #Uyghur 
 China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation (CCECC) funded their trip to Nigeria as their contribution to the fight against Coronavirus in Nigeria.
China stands ready to provide as much assistance as its capacity allows for UAE's fight against #COVID19, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his UAE counterpart, Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan, in a phone call on Friday. 
Yeah this sentiment is a serious problem. One way it manifests is in people demanding that Chinese Australians take a stand on the politics of another country, before we consider them legitimate participants in Australian public life. Which this tweet is a good example of.  …
A student learned how to do Chinese calligraphy using a brush and couldnt resist writing Jennie! 
Beer is essential item, says Chinese Assembly Hall -  
There is so much to parse here. Anti-Chinese racism is a legit concern if you live in the West. But to conflate that with being Chinese in Singapore...is a wild leap of logic. And prob something to do with elite Chinese...mentally imagining themselves as part of developed West?
#IRAN? Why The hell do you worry so much about “international” security, and not AMERICAN Security? OHH that’s right... you had that Agent of the Chinese gov. posing as your limo driver for 20 years so you could sell American secrets to #China! #DrivingMissCrazy  …
“Accidentally introduced to France from China”. Chinese exports aren’t as popular as they used to be.  …
Chinese Envoy Denies Kenyans Among Those Mistreated For Flouting Social Distancing Rules  
"We need to treat #PPE like a precious resources that it is that means only using it when there's a clinical need ... many items of #PPE can be used for a whole session not to be changed after treating each individual patient" Hancock 10/04/20 UK  to Chinese nurse 
Excellent again from Effie. I’ve always thought the Chinese have gotten off rather lightly regarding this so far....and the reaction would  different if the virus had came out of a democratic country, say America? Baffling.  …
-- Chinese Discrimination Against Africans : Kenyans reciprocate in kind as China citizens are denied entry into business premises. 
SF, LA, sacremento, portland, seattle. all the original homeless that used to live in the abandoned tunnels beneath these cities have been pushed out to the surface. that's where they have all the chinese children stashed. 
The mystery of the true coronavirus death rate // How can we accurately find the death rate of the Chinese virus if government’s and hospitals are skewing the numbers? More importantly, why are they skewing the numbers?  …
Chinese helicarrier literally surrounded by water and still catches on fire lmao. China should just put the scientiests who designed coronavirus in charge of shipbuilding. 
Look at the courage of the Nigerian Consul General, staring down official Chinese racism & yelling at them in public. You think India would ever have the guts to do this?  …
15 Chinese Doctors arrived in Nigeria to treat Coronavirus patients. A report stated that they will be treating Chinese Coronavirus patients in Nigeria. This has caused a public outcry in the country. 
Anyone has that video of ri chatting on the street with some Chinese acquaintances & a bunch of fans surrounding them? The one when he wanted to flex on his friends by going closer to the fans and asking them why they were there & vips screamed for you! And he just giggled
Live: Chinese officials brief on improving and strengthening #COVID19 prevention and control  …
Fun fact: He has revealed that he is actually half-Chinese. He is a finalist for the Mr  in 2015. His debut in the 2.5D industry is as Bokuto Koutarou, and has been on other stage plays since. Twitter:  Instagram:  
"The infections in Guangzhou have sparked a torrent of abuse online, with many Chinese internet users posting  and calling for all Africans to be deported." 
Chinese attitudes towards Blacks mirror Western attitudes towards Blacks in the 1950s. Maybe, we should leave them alone to enjoy their racist views for 60 years - minimize contact to the barest minimum, and when they are ready around 2080, engage with them.
The Chinese side will continue to do its utmost to support and help the Mauritanian side, encourage Chinese enterprises and NGOs to donate materials, and facilitate Mauritania's procurement of medical supplies, Chinese FM said  
A little something for @PanguZone I know times can be hard so I came up with your Chinese New year's outfit and hoping that it would make you smile and spread some good vibe in this place after she's such a lovely character! Iris the hedgehog belongs to @PanguZone Art done by 
. THE TORY BLAME GAME 1. The Chinese 2. The EU 3. The disobedient general public 4. NHS staff wasting resources Who next ? 5. Labour PFI's ? 6. Corbyn's cat ? #ToryShambles #ToryLiesCostLives #r4today #GMB #Lockdownextention
Back In China. Chinese are now claiming that Africans have low IQ.
Paywall. Summary: -Concerns over long term dmg: heart, lung, liver, brain, kidney, blood clots -Chinese study of 34 COVID patX: some blood tests "failed to return to normal" after recovery -Tests suggest some recovered patX w impaired liver function
Gbajabiamila kicks as Chinese authorities toss Nigerians in Guangzhou to the streets  … @femigbaja @SpeakerGbaja
Saint’s Birthday Support Part 2 4.17 Let's celebrate this special day together and hope all Chinese Mum could always be with our babe Saint. @Saint_sup Time:4.10-4.24 06:00-24:00 Location: Siam. National Stadium. Asok #Saint_sup #ZeeSaint 
Dr. Harsh Vardhan first saved India from Polio, now saving us from Chinese Virus.
On April 10, the #Chinese mainland reported 42 new imported cases of #COVID19 as the total number reached 1,183, from countries including: United Kingdom: 296 Russia: 264 United States: 157 Spain: 87 France: 83 Italy: 53 Philippines: 
Bill Maher defends referring to #COVIDー19 as “Chinese coronavirus,” and calls for accountability for the country’s actions. 
#ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied is trending in Nigeria. This should tell you how successful Chinese public diplomacy has been in Nigeria.
This rant by Bill hurts my brain. If they'd called COVID-19 the Wuhan virus from Day One, I might be inclined to agree w/ Maher, but calling it the Wuhan/Chinese virus months after coronavirus became the norm is literally only something someone would do if intended as an insult.
I'm a really big fan of the Bee Gees and I also like cooking Chinese food. You can tell by the way I use my wok... #SaturdayMorning
Chinese travel ban smack in the middle of the impeachment. Told my mom "That's a bold move." and thank GOD he did it!
This Chinese guy at Naivas and he didn't know how to say chicken,so he grabbed an egg and asked the cashier, " Where is ze mothaa?"
A Chinese  to Ghana and litter around which he would never in his country and he's made to pick them and you think it's bad, this why they will always treat us bad, can y'all go around in China and litter the place
Liberals: Don't say "Chinese virus". It can create harmful prejudices about a group of people. Also liberals : The word "Bharat" is exclusionary. India is historical. Bharat is mythical. Shame shame on the word Bharat.
And according to @MYANC the Chinese are Black like us  …
Masks for the hearing impaired: Placing a transparent plastic fabric on the #mask, will help people who rely on lip-reading  Netizens widely applauded this unique approach, on Chinese social media platforms, on Saturday. 
 … I know of a Kenyan who has been residing in China since 2014. He was suddenly evicted by his landlord on Wednesday night, yet he has valid papers.  we haven't heard of this 'perspective' from Chinese officials or the numerous media reports?
Beware out there, because Wumao ain’t playing fair, one minute they’re Chinese, nek minnit they’re Taiwanese, well Dr Tedro now who do you believe? Poetic justice from @Aloha88617098 below  …
Banning wildlife markets will help protect us all from the next great health crisis  … DAVID STATES. "THIS CHINESE VIRUS HAS TAUGHT THE WORLD NEVER TO TRUST CHINA OR THE WHO (WORLD HEALTH ORGANISATION) EVER AGAIN".
Of course Bill Maher launched a (very racist) rant against China tonight, demanding that COVID-19 be called the "Chinese virus"  …
Chinese state media outlets are buying Facebook ads and posting at three times their usual rate in a bid to shape the international narrative on the coronavirus response. "A seminal moment” in China’s image-building effort. @bobmcmillan 
#QPost3750 Why are billions sent every month to the west coast for a homeless problem that keeps getting worse? Bc it's paying for millions of illegal chinese immigrants, held in position until the dems want their illegal votes. Do you get the joke now for Paradise? 
The question they'll ask is "How did this start" ? This is the agenda you should be pushing @SkyNews but you've barely touched on it apart from one interview with the Chinese Ambassador. The press/msm in this country, iwe knew already, are a disgrace  …
The fire in the #Chinese Type 075 LHD ship started in the well deck of the ship. It appears that the fire has been extinguished now. 
Some black people were concerned about calling it The Chinese virus because it may be racist. Meanwhile, this is how China treats black people.  …
It's weird, I agree with @billmaher on his premise that China's government is responsible for the BS going on and the spread of the #coronavirus but there are literally BILLIONS of Chinese citizens that are 100% innocent. Bill, you are looking at this like a Republican would.
The Threat(s) of Chinese Nationalism. Chinese nationalism is a powerful force that scares the Communist Party– and should probably scare us too.  …
Chinese students have returned to school, but #school life isnt normal. They have to take turn to eat and mask-on at all times. The government has allowed gradual resumption by province in #China. #covid19 
In destroying the Chinese Communist regime, the People's Republic of China will perish with it. Before that, it will be very hard to separate the Chinese from the CCP, unless he declared that he was no longer a Chinese person. 
“The PDP is alarmed that Buhari ignored the protests by Nigerians & the (NMA) & allowed the importation of the Chinese drs despite warnings that bringing in drs from the hotbed of the plague will expose our citizens to further risks."  …
#Covid19 #HunterBidenJoeBiden $1.5 Billion Dollar Deal? We Can't Let this Happen Chinese Dirty Secrets.. 
It's time to openly remind Chinese authorities to take responsibility of what's happening to Africans in China. It's time to remind Chinese authorities that they have an interest to treat Africans with respect and care every human deserves. Reciprocity would be bad. 
Just in case you always wondered why those detained or killed by the CCP numbers are always so massive, here is a good clue. Any global deaths where the deceased was listening to Chinese music at the time of passing will be added to the list soon as well.  …
We won’t allow maltreatment of Nigerians, Gbajabiamila tells Chinese envoy 
Quick analysis of the burning Chinese Navy ship on social media right now: The ship is a Type 075 LHD that was under construction. It has three distinct exit points for smoke, with heavier amounts out the back of the well deck. There are two of this type being built. 
Look at how severe of the racism problem towards Africans/black ppl in China. Examples below: Funny enough to see these Chinese ppl hold this double standard: 1. calling the virus as #WuhanVirus = racism; 2. insulting black ppl = totally 
A warship believed to be from Chinese army PLA was burning earlier today or yesterday. Photo from Chinese Weibo. The Authority already deleted posts there.  …
This logic is absolutely bonkers. Lumping in the xenophobic actions of a massive authoritarian regime with individuals in the Chinese diaspora is an unbelievable reach. Racism doesn't stop being bad when it can work in different ways in different social contexts.
FEMA-chartered cargo plane lands in Los Angeles with Chinese supplies #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Who knew back in 1981? They did. Great music even if the words are but why at 6:00 is there Chinese writing on the top? 
Found another cheating Chinese troll. This one claimed to be from Zhengzhou, China in the bio. He is a Chinese when he is a fan of Madilyn but he is a “Native Taiwanese of China” when he apologised to @DrTedros How convenient is 
and right there is your answer! make american farmers and ranchers leave so they can supplant millions of illegal chinese immigrants who will be forced to illegally vote for democrats and turn red states blue. monopoly of electoral college. they will never go back to the red 
White House attacks Voice of America, claiming it promoted Chinese propaganda  …
Nobody was harassing and assaulting Zika's or Swine or Sars or Mers or Ebola's or Lymes or Hantas or Rocky Mountain Spotted fevers or Asians or Dengs or Yellows or Mad Cows or Bubonics Spanish flu was not from Spain So why name are we naming Covid 19 Chinese Flu again?
The Chinese virus came from CHY-NAH. 
25/26 Chinese virus patients from single family of sangli(islampur) recovered(negative test) & wl be discharged today & wl be kept in quarantine fr few days at their home.  …
Looks like Jack  that he used to sell medical equipment seized by Chinese Government 
I understand this. But the uninformed American doesn’t know Ebola is African, that Lyme is American, etc. They know what Chinese means. It means any one with Asian ethnicity is suspect and deserves their anger.
Chinese spies when they find out from the Zoom class conference that the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell  
I am under surveillance, directed not to go outside. What did we Africans do to deserve this? Why can’t all chinese people also go under quarantine? I pray I don’t get kicked out after the 14days. By the way,I was forced to be tested.
The media and WHO were calling it the Wuhan Virus for months, it wasn’t until @realDonaldTrump started calling it Chinese did anyone take offence.
On April 9, when asked about the alleged discrimination against Africans in Guangdong, Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Zhao Lijian reiterated China position against any form of discrimination. 
An angry Ghanaian man order chinese man to pick trash from gutter after Africans Living in China were humiliated and sent out of their hotels by Chinese Government!!! Is the action of this Ghanaian man against the chinese Good or bad?? 
I was watching and he was not wrong. It’s not the fault of the name of the virus that some Americans targetec Chinese Americans. They’re idiots. The virus started in Wuhan possibly from bats. It’s the Wuhan virus. Get over it.
Honestly not even surprised that the Chinese government is doing this. What I find more outraging is that almost all my Asian friends are speaking about the racial conflicts towards Asians but, never bother to speak about other non-white races are affected by this all.
The CCP uses the claim of racism to deflect from its repressive behavior. Let's make sure we seperate the Chinese people from the CCP. If you support the CCP, you are harming American interests. That's a fact.  …
I hope all this will end ,my fears too. There are thousands of Chinese in African countries walking/working freely now without being forced like we are doing over here. The Nigerian government isn’t taking more action to this.
So Chinese are evicting Africans in Guangzhou and the African governments are not saying a thing. They are being mistreated and our foreign Ministers are quiet about it. Yet we  and feed these murfs wen  here.  …
WHAT A FACIST! THE CHINESE MUST BE PUSHING HER ON #CreepyJoeBiden FOR VP! #FreeOurPeople #Lockdownextention Governor bans travel 'between  …
people saying theres a 50 percent that nnevy is actually a racist for chinese... but bright is actually half chinese #brightliveinhisroom #talkwithbright 
So they mean Allah is both contagious & deadly like Chinese virus? 
We were having our Q&A Night for board elections and multiple random users joined the call. They interrupted with  pertaining to the virus and one continued to mock the Chinese language. It was horrifying. 
Dear those who exist to fight for the "Black Child" & are prompt in responding to racism by whites, perceived or real. How have you raged against the reported incidents by Chinese? You were quick to see racism by Bill Gates, even though none occurred.  …
The Chinese Communist Party Xi Jinping and the person in charge of the World Health Organization must bear the responsibility for initiating a viral war crime against humanity. #CCPVirus 
One would hope that these aggressive acts of racism would make African leaders re-think their deals with China, but they won’t. Because they’ve been bought. Meanwhile, African children are studying Chinese just to get discriminated against in a second language... 
Please retweet Coronavirus hotline for foreigners in Japan Period: April 10th (Fri)-May 20th (Wed) Hours: 1000-1700 Language: English (everyday), Chinese (weekdays). Korean, Thai, Spanish, Portuguese, Tagalog, Vietnamese on specific days, once a week). Phone No.: 03-6233-9266
100% agree. Ban Chinese products & investments!  …
I am tired of these labels...I am 2nd generation Italian-American, but nobody calls me that. I am an American...why must we label other Americans as Asian-American, African- American, Chinese-American, Mexican- American? Why? Because they look more ethnic, they are labeled.
This is US guy has  a billionaire and the US president. He is the best that the US system can produce. These same people are the ones  that the Chinese did not inform them. China should have explained to the Yankees the difference between bacteria and viruses  …
Maybe we deserve our current predicament. After all we voted for people who put our industries under control of a murderous dictatorship while we looked the other way seduced by cheap goods and illusion of clean environment while Chinese choked on our pollution. No free lunch.
We're going to see plenty of these ads from Trump manipulating quotes to create  false portrait of Biden, who should respond by calling Trump a GD liar. Trump slammed for ‘ridiculous’ ad trying to link Biden to the Chinese government  …
A Chinese app is suddenly  videos about Chinese women marrying African husbands and then regretting it That's too much racism AND sexism for me today.
 it is Chinese Embassy that is announcing when & what time a national monument in Sri Lanka is being illuminated? Something akin to Sri Lankan embassy in China announcing illumination of Shanghai telecom tower! may be deeply in debt to China but u don’t STILL own us! 
Mr. Fauci is the #1 Chinese Wuhan Virus power grabbing Narcissist.
#RSF concerned about the appointment of a Chinese diplomat to represent Asia-Pacific in the Consultative Group of the @UNHumanRights Council, which could allow Beijing to influence the selection of experts appointed to investigate its own abuses.  @UNWatch
COVID-19 will halt many things, including China's march to global leadership. If people from other parts of the world cannot have peace in China, the Chinese will not have peace in other parts of the world.
The Chinese Embassy in  to the Daily Telegraph accusing them of "ignorance, prejudice & arrogance." If a state-owned newspaper in China received this kind  subsequent days would involve journalists waking up in prison with their organs harvested  …
And this is why I will continue to look the other way towards any and all “Chinese  The virus began in your own country yet you have the nerve to put suspicions on Africans. 
Africans in parts of China in pain. Many Ugandans forced onto streets calling for help. We condemn the targeted attacks & call upon Chinese authorities to urgently intervene. I also challenge home gov'ts to engage gov't of China or quickly repatriate these people.  …
True colors of those who claim to be partners and friends of Africa. Shame! “Africans Evicted from Chinese Homes & Hotels Over Coronavirus”| The African Exponent.  …
That's the American logic,when they see any Asian,they automatically assume that they are Chinese
Chinese fraud: Police officer charged with destroying evidence Read the full story in the Saturday Vision. Get FREE access to our paper here;  | 
I DIDNT UNDERSTAND WHY A LOT OF CHINESE ACCOUNTS WERE RT AND QRT MY TWEET BUT THEN I FOUND THIS ON FB AND IM SDISLFFKFKFKFK 
Antibody testing hits to a slow start in India. Govt says kits failing Chinese quality control, but diagnostic co's say no orders placed at all. So long story short, it is yet to take off. I report with @Teensthack  
#Chinese PLA holds ‘regular’ drills near #Taiwan in preparation for military struggle: experts - Global  …
Why is @CNN not  out of the closet. CNN stands for Chinese News Network.  …
Same will happen in US, & not just the Chinese. Wealthy will buy up assets. "I fear, we’re going to allow China in to buy up vast swathes of our strategic and manufacturing industries and it just can’t be allowed."  …
[] We're a subbing team for Produce Camp 2020 who plan on subbing all the PD Camp video content. However, we're in need of members so if you would like to join as a; Chinese Translator, Timer, Typesetter, Raw Provider, Encoder & Admin please DM us! #ProduceCamp2020 #Chuang2020
African Americans Told To Leave Homes In China!  More Chinese receipts--stop buying from these beast!!!
Chinese study of air samples discovers new coronavirus can travel up to 4 meters 
Nintendo's Animal Crossing has been pulled from Chinese digital stores in what appears to be government censorship of the game. 
Exclusive A woman accused of yelling at a Sydney Telstra employee to "go back to China" has now been charged over a second sickening alleged incident involving an elderly Chinese woman on a train. See the new footage (cw: racism).  …
Has anyone ever asked either her or her father about this, and if not, why not? “Mr. President, during her time in the White House your daughter acquired Chinese trademarks for coffins and voting machines. Will you explain to the American people why she did this?”
After meeting with Nigerian FM Geoffrey Onyeama on Friday, Chinese ambassador Zhou Pingjian then met with legislative leaders who gave him an earful about the poor treatment of Nigerians and Africans in Guangzhou.  …
Don’t buy into the Chinese charm offensive while it “assists the world” in fighting COVID-19. Even if you don’t think Wuhan was the virus source, Chinese aggression in the South China Sea continues unabated, most recently by sinking a Vietnamese ship.  …
This guy is a  party agent who is currently trying to get a seat in the Australian Senate... ALP MEMBER..  …
Chinese Virus. Even when it's called China Virus, the intent is to blame Chinese people & culture - which they might deserve but Trump isn't trying to do a public service here, he's trying to shift blame & distract. If scientists had called it China Virus, it wouldn't be an issue
Don't interrupt when your enemy is making a mistake! #CCP teaches Chinese people Han (汉) nationalism by blaming others such as outsiders/foreigners/Uyghurs/Tibetans 4 their own problems. When they run out of people 2 blame, non-CCP members will turn on CCP elites & princelings.  …
How much of our electric infrastructure is reliant on Chinese parts? A problem to consider and fix immediately.
My opponent said his most important vote was to impeach @realDonaldTrump, who has stood up to Chinese Communist Govt aggression. His second was to vote for Biden as #Speaker—a career politician who leveraged his political power for big cash payouts from the Chinese Govt.  …
Bill Maher Defends Using 'Chinese Virus' as Name for COVID-19: 'We Can't Stop Telling the Truth Because Racists Get the Wrong Idea' 
The woke left forgets that the Chinese government, sometime after denying the severity/silencing their doctors/not allowing outside doctors in for investigation also called it the “Wuhan Virus.” They have not stopped lying since then.
Not just Canada the Chinese government is carrying out similar infiltration operations in other countries as well.  …
Nintendo’s Animal Crossing: New Horizons pulled from Chinese platforms after Hong Kong protest  …
Chinese skipper, Yangtze river, China, 1872 
PREDICTION: Covid-19 will lead to a new Cold War with China that will last decades. Most Americans don't know this, but the PLA is run by old bull hardliners who have targeted Los Angeles and other U.S. cities with MIRVed ICBMs. These hardliners hate us & seek Chinese "hegemony."
Bill Maher Says Coronavirus Should Be Called the 'Chinese Virus': 'We Should Blame China'  …
Medical experts from #PKU First Hospital, together with other Chinese experts, practised international cooperation by sharing their expertise  #Covid19 with Arab medical experts via a video conference hosted by the Arab League.  
This is 1984 written in simplified Chinese #CCP is building the most Orwellian state in the history of mankind, and it is not stopping at the borders of 
