COVID-19 fears hurt bottom line of Chinese restaurants in Victoria - sounds like a great time to go to your favourite Chinese restaurant or try a new one! What is your fave Chinese food in  …
“Aiyah Aiyah! My arms are going to break!” Chinese #Police take away an elderly man for not wearing a #FaceMask in #Beijing amid the #CoronavirusOutbreak. Watch:  
Out here in Seattle I was asking a Chinese friend what he thinks of this kind of thinking. He says “too many baizuo”. I had to look it up. Behold in all its glory. Did you know this word? 
My wife and I had the traditional meal one serves on your 6th anniversary: Chinese take out. She's made it six years being married to me. Not sure how. Patience of a saint.
The mental image of Nick Land trying to log onto Twitter while being stuck in a Chinese refugee camp has had me chuckling for the past few days
In a way I’m sad that the Times Square of my youth is gone...I remember taking a train into the city, having Chinese food at Big Wongs, catching a Knicks game & when they lost which was every game...visiting a strip club in Times Square...here’s the last one thats still standing. 
More than 80 Chinese diplomats now use Twitter to spread the Communist Party's line abroad but at home Xi Jinping is afraid to allow the Chinese people access to such a free exchange of information and opinions.  
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang told local governments to make sure farmers don’t miss the crucial grain planting season during a critical time for controlling the spread of coronavirus 
#XiJinping encourages Chinese learning in letter to U.S. elementary school students  
Sea-Hi Chinese Food Restaurant has been an institution in Eglinton-Lawrence for 45 years. Visiting today, I had the opportunity to meet constituents who’ve hosted weddings, baptisms, bar and bat mitzvahs, and family birthdays here since it opened. 
if the chinese rice not darkskin ion want it  …
Starting to get the feeling something weird will happen tonight. Thus far, the media center has been moved to a Chinese restaurant in MGM Grand & we just saw an undercard fight in which there were 6 point deductions, 3 apiece from Isaac Lowe & Alberto Guevara. #WilderFury2
I pet CJ. He is a 7 year old Chinese Crested. His full name is Captain Jack. He gets cold easily because he doesn’t have a lot of hair, but he still loves rolling in the snow. CJ and his caregivers go camping. He doesn’t like to hike, but he loves to be with his family. 
Basically everything the experts and the bureaucrats have done so far has been wrong.  in collusion with WHO are too busy dustin their tracks trying to hide the damn truth! Coronavirus Deaths Outside China Spike As WHO Team Visits Wuhan  …
Chinese researchers just confirmed that patients can transmit the coronavirus without showing symptoms. A woman passed it to 5 relatives.
With the development of science and technology, the traditional farming civilization is fading away. Take a look at paddy rice threshing used to be done. As the Chinese saying goes, "every  from hard work”. 
Right! As much as I criticize  government - Cerno loves China and the Chinese people. We need China and China needs us, as coronavirus is going to teach us the (very) heard way.  …
It never ceases to amaze me that people think the elderly, children, disabled, and/or impoverished Chinese people dying are the punchline to a joke. Like the dehumanization of E Asians and how little our lives mean has never been more clear to me. But lmao coronavirus right?
I like how people just log on and tweet 'tell your government to do better' at me and then it's super clear they mean the Chinese government (which I naturalized out of, natch) like yeah, let me just check that off the to do list after laundry
Also on alligatorids, they have both living #alligators. I've never seen a Chinese alligator before (it's the shorter-snouted animal here). 
More Evidence Emerges That The Coronavirus May Have Leaked From Chinese Microbiology Lab  … via @gatewaypundit
'the supply chain disruption, or "shock," is a "black swan event" for the global economy.' 'China's economy is at a standstill and could trigger the next economic crisis, not seen since 2008.' Supply Chain Chaos Unfolds At Major Chinese Ports  …
Indian Chinese Dominican Haitian Peruvian Jamaican food all better than Mexican  on son
Went out for a chinese came home pissed and ... ordered .. a chinese
Finished the Chinese princess 
Forgot about coronavirus and now I’m eating at a Chinese restaurant in california which had its bathroom shut down by the county due to a health concern
A happy  to @UCSanDiego. The campus has changed quite a lot since I graduated 7 (!) years ago but the Chinese studies folks (including Prof. P) are as dynamic as ever. Thanks to @KarlGerth and @GPS_UCSD for 
Chinese from Hoo Tak, Mapperley tonight! Special curry, sweet and sour chicken balls, crispy shredded chilli chicken, chicken satay and a pancake roll! #HooTak #Chinese #Nottingham #Foodie 
I made this exact face when I walked into the house and seeing the entire family I live sitting down eating Chinese food look at me while I walked in zonked and holding a cup of Baja Blast (Text on the image not important) 
SO Indian scientists report several gene inserts of HIV, which would explain why it reacts to HIV drugs. Also, responds to quinine? Malaria gene? Why are they quardening off entire cities?? What else has been inserted?? @JohnBasham What are Chinese virology labs in Africa up to??
With business at an LI Chinese restaurant down 30-40% because of coronavirus fears, officials gather for lunch in solidarity: “I think people are scared, and I think people need to know there isn’t anything for them to be scared about."  …
I told Darryl our favorite Chinese restaurant isn’t answering their phone, so he asked me for their number and called like his phone is magic or something. (They still didn’t answer.)
#5G isn't just smartphones ... it's about #IOT, smart cities ... anything with a chip in it. @ianbremmer lays out why the US needs to get serious about Chinese standards dominating the field, with @FT's @gilliantett and @BloombergTV's 
... and bco #EastTukistan is a colony which occupied by #China. They will always see us as a threat to Chinese empire's further expansion until they erase us. Free East Turkistan is the last defence line of the free world. #SaveUyghur #ConcentrationCamps #NeverAgain  …
I just ordered Chinese takeout  myself. I eat  myself. They abuse me and then I eat to feel better. Yummy greasy food. Food and  me.
Huge night for at least one aging Jewish man as I bring the first day of my 27th year on this hellscape to a close with coke, chinese food and live Nevada caucuses coverage
More on #COVID19 - Chinese medical expert in #Wuhan said that it is very important for those who have "recovered" from #SARSCoV19 to go under another 14 days of quarantine at a designated place after they are discharged from hospitals.  …
We took the night train to go from Shanghai to Beijing. Train is a much more fun way to travel than plane. Great opportunity to see china's landscapes and spent wonderful time with other travelers. Chinese people are so  
Finn telling Darcy about having his knee cracked open and his mam and dad decided to eat their chinese before taking him to hospital is the highlight of this season tbh #loveisland
Thanks to my girlfriend from that time, who's french of chinese origin and studied there, I was able  easily and share the daily life of people. Don't ask me where I took the inspiration for Marinette's parents. Can't remember 
From THE GLOBAL TIMES: "A new study by Chinese researchers indicates the novel coronavirus may have begun human-to-human transmission in late November from a place other than the Huanan seafood market in Wuhan."
Former #HongKong Chief Secretary for Administration Anson Chan criticised CE #CarrieLam on the meeting of @fcchk that Lam missed the best chance to contain #CoronavirusOutbreak, that she refused to close all borders with China. @RFA_Chinese 
#China ’rounds up and executes dogs to stop #coronavirus’ even though no evidence of it spreading to pets. CHINESE officials have been rounding up pets family by family and executing them to stop the spread of the coronavirus.  …
Starkville need an American Deli, Old Navy, 5 Below, Cold Stone, Publix, Chipotle, Ross, Marshall’s, Beauty Masters, a ghetto Chinese food place, allat.  …
As far as I remember, I always been found of chinese culture, but my first trip in China 13 years ago only. First, Shanghai. The Bund, the french concession, the gigantic towers... So huge, so modern! Already scooters everywhere, but they're all electric now! 
THIS IS FROM CHINA STATE MEDIA: New Chinese study indicates novel coronavirus did not originate in Huanan seafood market - Global Times  …
Dazu Rock Carvings is located in Chongqing, China. It was built from 650AD in Tang Dynasty (618AD - 907AD). Among the rock carvings, there are over 50,000 statues and 100,000 Chinese characters of inscriptions and epigraphs. In 1999, it listed in World Heritage List by UNESCO. 
Pretzels is living happily in Flushing. Her new mom named her “Tao Tao,” which means “little peach” in Chinese. I can’t think of a name better suited for this sweet girl. Here she is, safe and warm. 
What r u doing w/flights frm Iran?Did u know that the Islamic regime in Iran allowed thousands of Chinese tourists to Iran right after #CoronaVirus outbreak, so regime can start a new genocide against the nation? What will u do w/the huge traveling Iranian population in Canada?
Christine is playing a Chinese-developed French Revolution SRPG with visual novel segments in which you play as the alternate history little sister of Bishonen Napoleon 
Communism is the lie of capitalists like @realDonaldTrump & @MikeBloomberg. They decry Communism and refuses to pay a #LivingWage in America. They work with the 1%ERS in Congress to ship your jobs to China then use Chinese Labor instead of American Labor!
Spread across some 27 countries and territories. Last Sunday, an 80-year-old Chinese tourist died from the new #coronavirus in France. End Sanctuary City policies. Are we starting to see why having Nations Without Borders cannot work?
The way Chinese BLINKS are now close to double the number of  to KTL's pre-order.  …
My intuition tells me it’s a little to coincidental that in all of China ( millions of sq. miles ) just by chance ground zero for this pandemic is a few miles from the Chinese militaries Level 4 bio lab where they experiment with Corona viruses . Bat soup uuummm ?  …
China can't seem to get its coronavirus stories straight. First, they said it would be "liquidated" within a month, then they warned the virus has yet to peak. @SenTomCotton believes the Chinese are still "lying to the world," about the outbreak. 
The Yeti: What do you want from the Chinese place? Me: Pork fried rice. Y: Which kind, pork, beef, chicken, shrimp? Me: ... pork fried rice is usually pork?
Pope has been coordinating with China for a state run church. I'm so sick of these people! Pope Francis Approves Chinese Communist 'Church' Supporting Forced Abortion -  … Nettle News
Manchester is London is Fred > Kovacic Jimenez > Vardy Fernandes > Ziyech Pepsi > Coke The Office > Friends PS4 > XBox Netflix > Youtube Indian food &gt; Chinese food How many Dubs/10 ?
I remember I caught my grandma and her bf seen me see him so he gave me $100 & paid for my Chinese food I haven’t been the same since
OH MY FUCKING GOD: "Some Chinese researchers are in the habit of selling their laboratory animals to street vendors after they have finished experimenting on them."  …
I'm not going to give my opinion on #coronavirus racism but, as a Chinese student with a bit of a cold, I certainly got my pick of the train seats today.
Estonian intelligence basically says: If you go to China, Chinese government will try to recruit you. The same message was told in 2018 annual report by Czech counter-intelligence 
Do you want  to run your critical infrastructure? If not, do not allow Huawei into your 5G network. 
Estonian intelligence calls out Chinese embassies. This is big: a tiny EU + NATO country calls out the largest totalitarian state in the world. 
Female groups album sales by Chinese fans as of February 23, 00:00 BJT: #2 BLACKPINK - ??? 88,475 copies No  announcement yet. © 簇暮萧然 #KilThisLove #BestMusicVideo 
Banyana Banyana international midfielder Linda Mothlalo (21) made her special debut&scored a brace for Djurgadens IF in the Swedis cup as they defeated AIK 4-2 This was also her European Debut after her recent switch from the Chinese top division. 
Chinese authorities have revised the definition of a "case" of #COVID19 six times in Hubei, and the cases there are defined differently from all of the rest of the country. This poses serious credibility questions over the daily case  …
I was on @AlJazeera today with @WHO spokesperson Margaret Harris, Dr. M Munir. I emphasized WHAT HAS GONE RIGHT: Chinese scientists transparent with data @biorxivpreprint (making possible our vaccine), @DrTedros WHO doing good work despite a difficult  …
Top leaders of the Chinese Communist Party met Thursday to address the expanding crisis of illness and burn-out among healthcare workers on the frontlines of #COVID19 -- clearly a massive  …
It's "ramen", with Chinese lo mein noodles, featuring bean sprouts from pho, edamame & carrots from a poke bowl, with spongy sliced mushroom and earthy, barely chopped green onions on top, languishing in a soup base approximating the saucy consistency of canned spaghetti-o's.
Almost back home after such a great day with you guys! So many smiles, laughs (& tears!) Thank you to immune system for holding together right up until we finished the meet&greet when my  died Gonna have a chill with a Chinese & a movie with @OMGitsAliA 
As many as 3 million Uyghurs, a Muslim minority, are being held by the Chinese government in a sprawling system of forced labor camps and prisons—because of their religion and ethnicity. Join us on 3/5 at 6:30 pm. ET to learn about the #Uyghur  …
More than 80 Chinese diplomats now have Twitter accounts 
On my birthday I'll accept hugs, chocolate, spankings, Chinese food and booze. Your choice!
Then why don't you guys tell Burnaby Cllr James Wang & the Chinese consulate to stop scaring the hell out of everybody by warning them away from crowds & spreading rumours? Crystal and Aberdeen mall are empty because Chinese-Canadians are staying away.   …
The Chinese governments actions in Hong Kong are a warning to how it will act elsewhere.  …
"It’s playing on the greed of the professors in order to have them essentially serving two different masters.” The @FBI reports that the #Chinese regime is using professors and researchers to acquire sensitive U.S. technology.   …
..and now we hear that Sanders has been told the Russians are trying to help him...and certainly the Chinese will help Bloomberg, we can virtually gaurantee... so just brief everyone that the air is FULL of helpers..info worth nothing...  …
Dinner = Chinese Fakeaway x Unts Unts Music Honey and Sriracha Wings Egg Fried Rice Vegetable Chow Mein Garlic and Chilli Pak Choi Have a sick weekend everyone 
"It's not vandalism. It's #Art -- an installation called "Safe Passage" by Chinese artist @aiww." @artsmia #SaturdayStreetArt #StartAConversation #NaTakallam 
Australia is selling the farm again. Are we one step closer to drinking Chinese milk? – Kangaroo Court of Australia  …
i was talkin in korean with my girl and this white girl starts talkin Mandarin thinking we Chinese
Druski: Kung Pao ( spicy, stir-fried Chinese dish made with cubes of chicken) Chinese guy: XieXie ( Thank You)
Any Chinese knows WHO is cheating the world with CCP.  …
a white nazi christian gun activist was in a bar hatespeaking about not wanting his racist son to get Chinese flu that's when a gay chinese jewish woman stood up and said "CHING SHING DA WONG" then a bald eagle landed on the pride flag and shed tears of joy as everyone clapped
We received these two pictures from #Mii2 Chinese fan. Thank you so much for supporting them. We believe that they will love it. #SaifahZon #สายฟ้าซน #จมทม #tommysittichok #jimmy_jimmoi @tommysittichok 
Condolences to the family of Robert Lee. As a Chinese Canadian, he lived through an era that couldn't have been easy yet he remained a generous&kind man and gave so much back to  Robert inspired us to be better citizens. #TY #trailblazer  
Chinese Proverb: One's acquaintances may fill the empire, but one's real friends can be but few. ❖ #Chinese #Proverbs #Quotes
thank you @dah0nggou for making this <3 "Chinese diaspora for Indigenous land defenders / Shame on the RCMP" 
Chinese Communist party filming a propaganda piece . Now 5 of their major English language news outfits have been labeled state propaganda outlets . Almost everything you see in MSM regarding China is a lie .  …
This must be said Japanese/Korean/Chinese are NOT a music genre. They are freaking languages they all have your pop, rock, R&B, EDM, ect and singers who do sing in those languages are not limited to just those languages.
watching rapper’s babymamas and side chicks and main chicks beef is like watching a modernized version of a Chinese drama about the Emperor’s  with each other for the top spot
22 Feb 1784: The Empress of China, aka #Chinese Queen, sails from New York City to China. It was the first U.S. ship to #trade with China. The ship wouldn’t return until May 11, 1785. #history #ChinaTrade #OTD 
Do you remember Binti Kiziwi? Z-Anto released it in '07. The girl featured in it, Sandra Khan, was at a Chinese airport in 2013 when  of stomach pains. Carrying drug pellets in your stomach does that sometimes. She just returned from a 5yr jail sentence in Hong Kong
Is this Diet Chinese food? Chinese Lite?  …
This how that sweet and sour chicken be looking like in the Chinese restaurants  …
This is chilling, to put it mildly. Whether the alleged Buddhist prophecy is true or not, it's meaningful that some elite Chinese believe it is. Read on:  …
Actress Lee Young Ae leaves a heartwarming message for Chinese citizens and donates over $40K to aid  families in Daegu in midst of the Coronavirus outbreak  
"Films with Chinese investors accounted for 20% of U.S ticket sales in 2018 verses just 3.8% five years ago, according to Interpret data cited by WSJ. Overall, about 70% of U.S. box office  from overseas with China leading the charge as the world’s second largest." 
Learning Chinese  new fad among Cuban university students  
In @City_Press this Sunday, read how the Chinese pulled all stops to prevent ANC youth league marching to China Mall in Joburg to demand jobs for locals. Get a copy 
Pinning the blame on the "homophobic chinese market" is reductionist about the entire issue at best and racist at worst
Just being a chef again obviously, homemade Chinese might start doing deliveries??? 
As of 2/21,  stats on % of Chinese businesses that have resumed work by geo. Shandong highest at 79.4%, Guangdong just over half. White areas undisclosed, Hubei is <10%, obviously. Beijing 61%, Shanghai 72%. #COVID19 
#SuperMinLondon #kimjongin #카이 #김종인 #supportslogan Hiii this is Sally, I am a Chinese Kai fan living in London. I will be handing out support slogan of Kai on the 28th February next to O2 
#Chinese authorities forcibly sealed off households to #Quarantine the people inside. Get one month FREE FULL ACCESS to Epoch Digital. Sign up here:  (no credit card needed) GET THE APP: iPhone -  Android -  
THIS IS A BIG PROBLEM. WHAT WILL AMERICANS DO? More than 30,000 pets have been left stranded after the Chinese government sealed off Wuhan following the #coronavirus outbreak  #VoteBlueNoMatterWho
#coronavisus Fatality Rate by Age & Gender Based on 72,314 cases of confirmed COVID-19, suspected, and asymptomatic cases in #China as of February 11, from a paper by the #Chinese CCDC released on February 17 and published in the Chinese Journal of Epidemiology Chart: 
#WuhanVirus chart in #SouthKorea. The #coronavirus infection is growing exponentially. Doctors & the public have called for entry ban, but #MoonJaein has been too busy pleasing Chinese Communist Party (CCP) & Xi.  …
BREAKING: Chinese Government’s Center for Information and Industry Development has just published its new crypto project ranking. #Bitcoin fell from the 9th place to the 11th while $EOS remains top of the ranking, followed by $TRX and then 
The threat of coronavirus (COVID-19) still looms large. The Chinese government revised the incubation period from 14-27 days. Will the CDC the quarantine period of those infected in the US from 2-3 weeks in response? #wtpEBRC #wtp2020  …
14. A last thought: Several scientists I have spoken to recently, people who know how advanced Chinese scientific capacity is, have told me they think China must by now have done studies to estimate the percentage of mild #COVID19 cases that have missed detection.
It’s looking more and more that coronavirus was a manufactured bio weapon and that China’s security for its lab sucks. But apparently Chinese researchers often sell their experimented on lab animals and monkeys to meat markets. What in the actual f_ck?  …
surprised #Pakistan has no #coronavirus case (Thanks God tho) but being the immediate neighbour of #China from North and #Iran from West, shocking to see no case. Hundreds of Chinese workers are in Pakistan and also Hundreds of Pakistanis go to Iran daily. Living on the edge...
“Will these people carry the virus with them? What if they spread it out further?” #Chinese officials and media reports have noted cases where patients had the #Coronavirus despite being discharged from the  …
"After only six hours awake, I feel dizzy and sleepy." Hanok is an Ethiopian student living in Wuhan, the Chinese city at the centre of the coronavirus outbreak. He is healthy, but says the lockdown conditions make him feel homesick and fatigued. @SharonMachira | 
Nobody's "gloating," asshole. The ordinary Chinese people are good people who are suffering TERRIBLY. We just  party hacks and their kneepad-wearing propaganda mouthpieces like YOU.
#China’s Facade of Stability Recent stresses have exposed the lack of trust at the core of #Beijing’s repressive model There is no cure for  except the collapse of the party, writes Jimmy Lai  …
Man the Chinese are having more fun more than us wallah
A Kenyan painter explores the exploitatitve economic relationship between Chinese Pres Xi Jinping's "largesse" and African political elites who profit from it, often at the expense of the poor. The "win-win" relationship leaves behind big losers.  
A recreation shot with my hand in Judy Garland's handprint in front of the Chinese Theater - a picture of a girl who dreamed of living in Hollywood, and the woman who actually does. 
I think we can clearly see how this isn't only a Chinese problem. This virus is taking hold in other countries too. I believe we're almost at the point where they'll soon have to use the Pandemic word. This is a global problem & world must work together.  …
These Chinese in Tz there is no way they are missing China at all. They look very happy.
"The Chinese people firmly support the national democratic movements in Asia, Africa and Latin America Down with imperialism! Down with colonialism!" (China, 1976) 
Chuck and Mark discuss the recent reports that claim the coronavirus outbreak is the Chinese government's doing. Find out more by checking out this episode of #BFT.  
#王一博 X GQ Thailand Extremely #WangYibo :13 Questions about Wang Yibo and his other identity in life Translation （THi->Chinese/ENG) PLZ indicate source part 1 #หวังอี้ป๋อ #왕이보 #ワンイーボー 
Exploring millenial chinese culture or finding inspiration for an akumatized villain or a chinese super-hero ? 
I’ve decided to undertake a controlled clinical study of the prophylactic efficacy of Bloody Marys in preventing coronavirus transmission in the Toronto Air Canada lounge. Using Chinese statistical methods, I am pleased to report full immunity. Further research required, though. 
Feinstein employed a Chinese spy for 2 decades. Media didn’t care. Gov't didn't care. FBI didn’t care. Someone should expose ChiFi & her husband's dirty deals enriching themselves while she pushed legislation & policies favorable to China & selling out 
Having the time of our lives with chinese cuisine... Or looking for inspiration for what could be Uncle Wang speciality ? 
Chinese President Xi Jinping has written back to a group of U.S. elementary school students, encouraging them to continue their efforts to learn Chinese language and culture and contribute to promoting friendship between the two peoples  
Guess where the writing team was, a bit before chinese new year's eve ? [A THREAD] 
"The dominoes have just started to fall: economies dependent on tourists from China are  dependent  made in China are  dependent on sales made to Chinese households & enterprises are imploding, & so on."  …
Most insidious COVID-19 coverage is that of the it as metaphor for the Chinese poli system itself, as uncontrollable, bleeding out beyond its borders, needing to be contained at all costs Insidious bc it obscures media's relation to empire&its role in inciting a new yellow peril
3 overseas #Chinese students discuss how #China “lost the gamble” trying to control the outbreak quietly and why the #coronavirus crisis could serve as “an awakening moment” If Chinese people are angry enough over this, this could be the end of the CCP regime........  …
The Center for Information & Industry Development of #China has ranked #Lisk in 4th position out of all #blockchain projects, based on #technology, applicability, and #creativity. Well done, Lisk team. See the rankings here:  #Chinese 
 #Blue and White #Flowered #Bracelet Pastel Blue Lamp Work Glass #Chinese #Crystal and Sterling Silver Floral Bracelet With #Birds and Leaf Clasp  via @Etsy #Spring2020 #Google #yahoolive #Kisteam #EtsyTeamUnity #Hartford #Providence
The Chinese propaganda machine, a story in two tweets 
so jennie is now the highest pre order/sales from chinese fans with 25,579 Copies... this is such a huge achievement.. jennie even thought she doesn't have fans there.. and now she's the highest among other kpop girl group sales in china.. proud... 
The Coronavirus has severely impacted the Chinese who’ve been forced to live under strict Quarantine! They are trapped at home & feeling the strain! Unable to work with no  They’re hungry & need meds! Please Pray & Think about stocking up!  …
50 cases of Coronavirus in Lombardia and Veneto.The people who have tried to warn about the risks of this outbreak were called "rascists". Had the PD-M5S thought less about the Chinese and more about the Italians' health, maybe Italy now would have not faced this emergency.
4. #COVID19: The attack rate in the hospital is high. If I'm reading this right, 45% of staff & patients have been infected so far. Of course, the outbreaks on the Diamond Princess & in Chinese prisons has shown us how well this virus spreads among people in tight quarters. 
“you expect to hear rap music or traditional chinese music but these filmmakers usurp our expectations by having a soundscape filled with civilized european melodies, strings and pianos...” this is how you sound. 
wow, the sudden rush of 'EVERYTHING IS FINE IN THE CHINESE ECONOMY SPEND SPEND SPEND' stories - the system *really* lurches from place to place. Cover up! Lockdown! Everything is fine now!
THREAD: #Coronavirus found in patients’ urine poses challenge to #China’s sewer system #Chinese scientists found traces of coronavirus in patients' urine, suggesting the virus is capable of traveling with the blood to the body to harm multiple organs  …
Real Chinese. Let the fists do the talking. #coronaviruschina #WuhanCoronavius #WuhanVirus #ccp #china  …
Chinese Jennie fans has now collected 25,000 album copies for the  album of BLACKPINK, making Jennie the Kpop Female Girl Group Act with most copies raised. (surpassing IZ*ONE’s Sakura). 
While global policymakers race to contain the new coronavirus strain, the outbreak has already disrupted world travel and supply chains. The crisis is challenging the strength of the Chinese state and could imperil economic growth throughout the world. 
A series of human rights disagreements and diplomatic disputes have poisoned Chinese-Swedish relations 
First time in my memory Nishan e Pakistan is going to a worthy winner. Otherwise we had wasted our highest award on people like American 3rd secretaries and Chinese officials who didn't bother to even turn up to receive our awards. 
If the Chinese can manage to popularize eating noodles with a pair of sticks, you can make this relationship work.
-Actual Chinese spies arrested like once a week. -Chinese "tourists" trying to access Navy Bases But tell me more about Russia
As of 02.22 23:00 BJT, Chinese BLINKs have collected enough money to purchase 84,686 copies of BLACKPINK’s  album (non-shipping back + shipped back to China). 职业黑粉操盘手吧 
A family cannot return home after Chinese New Year holiday. #Coronavirus #Wuhan #武汉肺炎 #新冠病毒 #COVID19 #ChinaVirus #Chinese Location: rural area of Heze, Shandong Province 
PHOTOS: Cast Member Previews Begin at Mickey & Minnie’s Runaway Railway, Construction Chugs Along Outside of Chinese Theatre in Disney’s Hollywood Studios  
Filter leading the solos in: - WW iTunes - Apple Music Global Top 100 - K - Charts debut - YT views and trends - Amazon - Chinese, Japanese local charts - Spotify Global Top 50 debut - US, UK, Autralia, Bulgaria, India, Vietnam & Philippines Spotify NEXT STOP BILLBOARD CHARTS
Questions as coronavirus spreads to Iran: 1. Did Iran downplay the outbreak to avoid offending China (it may have originated in the large number of Chinese workers)? 2. Is Iran's public-health system, crippled due to US sanctions, able to treat people?  
5. There’s a fun fact in Chinese ent. saying that paparazzi don’t like to snap pics of yixing most bcs he has no “gossip news value”
Don’t let CCP rot your country because your children will suffer censorship and dictatorship, genocide and massacre. Look what HKers, uyghurs and Chinese going through now. Today HK and Xinjiang, tomorrow the world. Boycott and Sanction against Chinazi! Save the future Say NO! 
Given Chinese dabbling in bioweapons by ethnic group, their plan to avoid growing old is diabolical but efficient 
Uyghurs and other Turkic #Muslims in Chinese occupied East Turkistan have been struggling for to restore their country from the #Chinese invaders more than 260 years. 
The Chinese threat boils down to three things: 1. Huge cash flow 2. Very long-term thinking 3. Totalitarian will to power Of course there are mitigating factors to each of these. But though the Dragon's roar is muted for now, I don't trust the West to exploit the opportunity.
#India should not hurry evac fm #Wuhan. @MEAIndia must consider #Beijing reaction to dual use cargo detained fm #Karachi bound #Chinese suspicious ship. Risky to send a #C17 at this stage. Prefer to send @airindiain than #military aircraft now even if permission granted.
Evidence of likely fraud in the Chinese #coronavirus data set was readily apparent as I've noted in late Jan. / early Feb. This should have immediately raised awareness at @WHO, @CDCgov, and other governments who have now had > 3 weeks to 
STOP THINK Guys we need to watch closely the figures that are now being announced regarding Coronavirus. China’s figures can’t be trusted . But, beware, western governments will act like Chinese government, in the event the virus takes hold. Is this an escaped Bio Weapon?
The two countries have already activated first phase of the fibre optic cable, which is an 820km long cable project from #Rawalpindi to #Khunjerab. In this regard, a  has already conducted successful tests and can generate a lot of revenue for the government. 
A Chinese soccer team from Shanghai traveled to Tokyo and then to Los Angeles THIS PAST MONDAY. They weren’t quarantined or tested for the Wuhan coronavirus. They walked the airport for hours before they left for Brazil. How did this happen?! AA flt staff very upset. @DHS_Wolf
Chinese President Xi expresses gratitude to Bill and Melinda Gates for support to his country after the coronavirus outbreak 
News this week Nokia closing research facility in PH Honda shutting down factory in PH Meanwhile, Chinese POGOs continue to expand presence Rise in online gambling, good for the economy? Social cost?
Chinese Government-Backed Institute Releases New Ranking of 37 Crypto Projects  
#Harvard WHATS GOING ON HERE? Professor arrested. Chinese army working in your school in department with defense funds AND NIH funding. WTH??? 
Chinese Wuhan Coronavirus = #COVID19 Update 02/21/2020 - China's update was late! 𝗗𝗲𝗮𝘁𝗵 𝘁𝗼𝗹𝗹 𝗵𝗮𝘀 𝗿𝗶𝘀𝗲𝗻 𝘁𝗼 𝟮,𝟯𝟲𝟯 !!! That's 𝟭𝟭𝟲 𝗠𝗢𝗥𝗘 than yesterday !!! Total deaths 02/20/2020 = 
South Korea is slow - LOL. The whole reason this disease spread as rapidly as it did is the CCP tried to cover it up in the early days by arresting anyone who talked about it, including doctors. Hope most Chinese people see through your BS, Hu. It's very obvious to outsiders.
Mosher hopes that perhaps the coronavirus epidemic will serve as the breaking point for the Chinese people and lead to the overthrow of the Communist Party.  … Do you see  all together now?
China has just published a national level policy to ban the use of (SCI) journal-based metrics as assessment criteria for academic promotion and recruitment. Really a positive move towards the right direction @DORAssessment  … (in Chinese) 
#coronarvirusitalia #coronavirus A man with a fever tries to force the blockade post of the Chinese authorities 
I'm getting reports that Chinese social media burning up  about how America must have infected China with this new virus. This ought to be fun
This happened in the YIXING Chinese show, and I fell in half of the show, and my heart hungry, and I do not  and I am very crying very hard. 
20 goals for Asisat this season. Nigerian journos will tell you that someone in Chinese second division is better
Your man crush Monday just woke up on his couch in the same clothes he went out in and proceeded to Snapchat everyone a picture of empty bud lights with the caption “last night was cray cray, Saturday’s are for the boys!” He’s eating old Chinese food at 8 am. He’s 34 next week.
The Chinese authorities announced hundreds of new coronavirus cases in Chinese prisons, renewing questions about their methods of accounting for cases  …
This Chinese child is indeed born with some special skills! 
The Ug gov’t sent our parents to Chinese Embassy.The Chinese know our situation and haven’t done anything for us besides giving us advice. Ug gov’t should get involved themselves .Send supplies/send money/send a plane, whichever you choose to do but do something @JaneRuth_Aceng
he types what he wants to say in both korean and chinese I think renjun best boy 
"Chinese embassy in Prague sent a letter to the office of President Milos Zeman saying that the visit would lead to  such as carmaker Skoda, the Home Credit Group and piano maker Klaviry Petrof suffering if Kubera went ahead." 
ugh，pewdiepie's new uploaded video makes me feel kinda…weird he put on a medical mask and said something seemingly in Chinese，which as a Chinese that i can not recognize or understand thats…just not something you joke about
Chief Information Officer for CALPERS, the worlds largest public employee pensions fund, was a part of the Chinese Intel Thousand Talents Fund.  …
2000-3000 reported and detected death means: ~500.000 actually infected. The Chinese just never detected all the mild cases in Wuhan. The same will happen now in most countries - hopefully the “real” fatality rate of sars-cov2 remains at 0.4% on average! #COVID19
This is Japanese war criminal 慰安 真子流無. During the ocupation of Manchuria, he styled his facial hair like the ancient Chinese to mock the victims of his tortures and executions. He favored killing civilians with strange and exotic weapons. Don't let us forget these crimes. 
“Stop thinking that the Chinese Communist Party is this confident power that we should not cross. It exhibits all the characteristics of a bully, and bullies are by definition insecure, fearful & weak ... their aggression only works if we kow-tow to it.”  …
Heckuva job, Brownie! Trump’s toeing of the Chinese party line on #coronavirus immediately after a phone call where Xi agreed to maintain purchases of US farm products is a betrayal of our national security that’s 1,000x what he did with  …
A recent Chinese study shows the #Wuhan seafood market may not be the #source of the novel #coronavirus and its global spread.  
Chinese couple kiss while wearing their face masks in a Government sponsored mass weeding. This corona virus won't allow people to enjoy their life oo 
Obado pleads with Raila and Uhuru to lock out Chinese nationals from entering Kenya 
Chinese media are in the U.S. to bring a different side of #China to the local audience. To discredit entire media organizations based on their country's ideology is an extremely cheap move, says @thepointwithlx on U.S. labeling Chinese news outlets as "foreign missions." 
Absolute drivel - can you make sure all English workers going to China please speak Chinese from now on. Also any going to France make sure you learn French. But oh I forgot - English people are different so they do not need to do this. Scotland does not want this.
Sources said the Chinese president along with his high-level delegation will arrive in Pakistan in June #ARYNews
Verhoftwat bemoaning the Chinese and US empires? .....irony just died. Again.  …
Bloomberg’s China Apologetics Should Disqualify Him from the Presidency  … "Like the NBA’s, his bottom line is given such a massive boost by Chinese dollars that he is willing to lie about the nature of the regime, or at least to delude himself about it"
Australia reopens the door to some Chinese students after coronavirus ban  …
Not too long ago, there was no  of predominantly Chinese people that was wealthy - till Taiwan and Singapore came along. Then they talked about South Asians (Indians, Pakistanis etc.), then Mauritius changed the story. Racists focus on this stuff.
 … Coronavirus appears to have escaped containment and has infected Iran with new cases in Italy and South Korea. Chinese hospitals supposedly being infected also. It is now arguably a pandemic. #Coronavirus #COVID19
Infected by Chinese citizen: 0 Infected by “Ue, aperitivo?”: 19 and counting #coronarvirusitalia
Cash-strapped Irish cutting back on low-grade Chinese food? Must be racism. Projected attacks based on absolutely nothing used also to portray native Irish as unhinged & dangerously racist. The Irish voted for a few more years of this at the last election; beggars belief 
A video showing what the Chinesegov't is doing at the highway exit checkpoint to prevent the spread of #coronavirus Although it is just a practice video, it is terrible to see thepolice is using net & rifle to catch the suspected infected person #COVID19 #nCoV2019 
they look like the oranges sitting on my dining table during chinese new year 
Three overseas Chinese students discuss how China “lost the gamble” trying to control the outbreak quietly and why the #coronavirus crisis could serve as “an awakening 
The Australian government which has been good about the quarantine of Australians who have been in China or aboard the cruise ship. So why are Chinese students being allowed back into the country & only required to self quarantine. This hasn’t worked as in the case in Melbourne.
The Dalai Lama has marked the 80th anniversary of his enthronement as the spiritual leader of Tibet, a position held almost entirely in exile and as a target of constant vilification by the Chinese state 
RT @misspickledplum Chinese #broccoli with a simple Garlic & Oyster Sauce Glaze  …
Coronavirus incubation could be as long as 27 days, Chinese provincial government says  
Chinese official who rescued some of the foreign legation members during the Boxer Rebellion. He is one of the Qing dynasty nobility, attired in Mandarin attire. See more:  
As construction activity collapsed, #steel inventories have rocketed Seasonal Chinese onshore steel inventories 
Cry my Beloved County " This is photo is of a meeting held at the BMC boardroom. I repeat, Chinese state  is taking over BMC before the end of 2020. BMC chair Victor Sennye says Batswana should ignore any information  from BMC about BMC. " 
After seeing the coronavirus  out of China, the Chinese government’s inhumane response to it, and the massive deaths from it, how can countries  ignore that and go back to business as usual for a few cents per unit? The entire country is a “gulag”.
A report from TV Asahi that suspected some Americans died of influenza may have unknowningly contracted the coronavirus has gone viral on Chinese social media, stoking fears and speculations in China that the novel coronavirus may have originated in the US  
PARENTS of high schools around the country should demand these 760 Chinese students are QUARANTINED @ScottMorrisonMP and @GregHuntMP are putting Aussie students, teachers, families and  at RISK. This in insane.  
Female groups album sales by Chinese fans #2 BLACKPINK - ? 84,327 copies I-Blinks the Comeback has not yet been officially announced but we cannot rely solely on C-Blinks. Donate!  © 簇暮萧然 #INYOURAREA_WORLDTOURFinale 
Early modeling suggests 750,000 aussies could die if the corona virus gets out of hand here Theres 100,000 Chinese high school students now on their way Corona virus =5 X more contagious then the flu. 20 X more deadly The Chinese are in control of Australia Fight  …
Thank you for 300,000 views & 10,000 YouTube subscribers!!!! "Moratorium" MV  *You can select subtitles from English, Korean, and Traditional Chinese #Omoinotake 
Chinese Bitcoin investor loses $45,000,000 to SIM Swapping, posted proof of transaction + signed the address to prove he has access to it. 30M lost in BCH 15M lost in BTC This again illustrates the dangers of Social Engineering attacks. #Bitcoin #Blackhat 
Nearby was a smaller rally, calling on the government to immediately ban Chinese people from entry. One banner reads "Ban entry of Chinese who spread killer virus." 
Every day,just choose Australian over the Communist products: Dairy Farmers(Scary Harmers) Pura (Puka) Dare (Dire) Farmers Union(Harmers Union) Big M(bolism) Vitasoy(boy) D(F)aily Juice Berri (Beriberi) Yoplait(Chinese for yogurt) When those brands  worthless here,we win.
The more we know about #coronavirus, the more we see how easy it is to transmit with it's very long incubation period, but WHO's director, Tedros Ghebreyesus, insists that there is no need to restrict travel. He is a #Chinese asset that repeats the Chinese line.  
A Cameroonian student shares experience of recovering from novel coronavirus in China: So long as we make joint efforts, the Chinese and foreigners, we can defeat any disease in the world. #CORONAVIRUS #COVID19  
Morning all #UKGiftAM #UKGiftHour This ring is handcrafted from recycled Sterling silver, set with a 10mm Chinese Turquoise Matrix stone. UK Size N  
Greg Hunt will be the HUNTED He deserves. SACKING #coronavirus spreads around the world but Greg Hunt, Australian Health Minister has the travel ban LIFTED allowing 760 possibly infected Chinese students to return to high schools around the country. 
Luo Hui-ning, the new Director of theLOCPG in Hong Kong, said: "If the pro-democracy parties take the control of the LegCo, it means that they take away the power of governance from the Chinesegov't." Then what's the purpose of LegCo election 2020? 
The flood story can be found among many cultures, including Mesopotamian, Genesis, Greek mythology, Hinduism, Chinese, Norse mythology, Mayan in Mesoamerica, Aboriginal tribes in Australia and many more.  …
Thousands of ethnic Dungans have fled ethnic violence in Kazakhstan. They originally came to Central Asia after an unsuccessful revolt against Chinese rule in the 19th century, and maintain a unique language, cuisine, and culture. 
yesterday chinese fans were worried because chaeyeon didn’t wear a mask (due to the virus outbreak) and today chaeyeon wore it! 
How do people in China keep working when most of the country is under some kind of travel restrictions? Let's follow the story of Ryan, a foreigner working at a Chinese university, who has been making videos to update his friends and family back home. 
ICYMI: Did you know that the Chinese gov't owns 40% of the Philippines' new 3rd telco and 40% of the country's transmission monopoly? All that and more in my latest Rappler piece on the risks of opening up public services/utilities to foreign investments.  …
A 20-year-old Chinese female from Wuhan infected five relatives without ever showing symptoms, offering new evidence that the #coronavirus can be spread asymptomatically, shows a study by Chinese scientists.
3/3: Today, Melbourne’s Chinatown (and Australia’s oldest Chinatown) is a local favourite bustling with restaurants, theatres, bars and culture. Today we support our Chinese friends. We stand stronger together, for now and for the future. via IG/samj.mckay 
A Chinese peeing on a bus in Hong Kong. How ugly and aggressive the people from China.  …
Yes, the Buddha allowed accepting a meat dish provided it was a left-over not slaughtered specifically for the monk. Tibetans routinely eat meat even at Buddhist festivals. Thai Buddhists even sacrifice white chicken at the Buddha's feet. But Chinese Buddhists are mostly vegan.  …
1/3: Last night, Melbourne lit up its streets in red and yellow in support of our  and their families and Friends in China. 
A victim group that has not received much mainstream attention have been the Christians (the majority of whom are Han Chinese). We've recently added ~200 such victims.  … @nvanderklippe has previously written about this also:  … (1/8)
DIG Baramulla M Suleman: One Chinese pistol, 13 live rounds and 2 magazines have been recovered from local terrorist Junaid Farooq Pandith of Hizbul Mujahideen. His questioning is underway. 
IAF flight meant to evacuate Indian nationals stranded in Wuhan, reportedly, delayed “deliberately” by Chinese authorities 
Chinese President Xi Jinping is expected to visit Pakistan soon. #CPEC #BRI @zlj517 @CathayPak @WangXianfeng8  …
Chinese Embassy spokesperson responds to Govt protest on holding up flight to Wuhan: "We are carefully assessing ground situation, as prevention work requires... There is no such thing as China deliberately delaying granting flight permission."
Like a cornered animal, the Chinese Communist Party is lashing out at everyone- Recent irrational actions show a regime that has lost control & is teetering on the brink. 
20191207 Fan said to Baekhyun that she's at the right age (old enough) to get married & B was like "ooh~" She asked B when is he going to get married, B said "I need a few more years..." & later on he said "10years" (十年) ♡ B said it in first then in cuz fan is Chinese 
"This is not right," said a Hubei man whose father can't get chemo for lung cancer because Chinese hospitals are focused on the epidemic. "All the lives not touched by the coronavirus — are those lives not worth saving?" Searing report from  …
COVID-19 incubation could be as long as 27 days —Chinese provincial gov't 
This photo went viral on Chinese social media platforms Saturday. Holding their 9-month-old son, the husband watched his wife, a nurse on duty at a local hospital, having lunch at a distance of about 2 meters, in Hubei, the epicenter of the #COVID19 in 
Three overseas Chinese students discuss how China “lost the gamble” trying to control the outbreak quietly and why the #coronavirus crisis could serve as “an awakening 
You can bet the high schools the Chinese students are going to are rich ones in marginal seats full to the brim with LNP donors #auspol  …
Live: Chinese officials update on ensuring supply of daily necessities during #COVID19  …
Not like Chinese scientists would lazily-splice a SARS-like bat coronavirus S-protein with H7N9 M1 protein and then improperly dispose of whatever poor lab animal they were torturing with that concoction.  …
Chinese researchers have isolated a novel #coronavirus strain from swab sample of infected patients' urine, said Zhao Jincun, a member of Chinese respiratory expert Zhong Nanshan's research group. 
Why didn't Maria directly call Gulshan Kumar and warn him??? Who gets into Chinese whispers when there's a murder threat??? मने why only that Bst Mahesh Bhatt the culprit ???
Chinese President Xi Jinping is to LIKELY visit Pakistan on an important bilateral visit in the month of June 2020, as per diplomatic sources. #Pakistan #China
More Chinese outdoor scenic sites reopen with measures taken more:  
The Chinese don't want India to look good at any time, esp at a time like this when they are down in the dumps. Besides Brother Imran will get more upset. Here are Indians rescuing their nationals while they have left them there to await God's will.
What's Huawei? Huawei is like a Wooden Window... You can't install Uber... Google Maps.. Whatsapp... Chinese government can use your phone storage to save Russian Files Heri nikae bila simu kuliko kutumia Huawei... Iko na Corona
Chinese authorities claim that the incubation period of the #Coronavirius can be as long as 27  …
#Coronavirusourtbreak is spreading in Australia among the people returned so far. What would happen if 100,000 Chinese students were allowed to return?  …
wayv being so nice to their trainer, they signed two of their albums and gave him right after their debut and cb. BUT THAT MFER TOOK A PIC OF THE SIGNED TOTM ALBUM & SAID "CORONA EVEN CAN'T STOP THEM" WTF?? how can u say this to a chinese as if they're so grateful with it?
A Chinese professor explains what air pollution does to your #health  
The Chinese authorities announced hundreds of new coronavirus cases in Chinese prisons on Friday, renewing questions about their methods of accounting for cases 
Chinese mother charged in college admissions scam pleads guilty to paying $400,000 to get her son into @UCLA as a fake soccer 
Make the anti-Chinese rhetoric so absurd that the signal is lost in the noise. I honestly see the real serious China stories that I see with my own eyes so rarely through the wall of cartoonish conjecture I can't tell if we're fielding our own detractors to facilitate it
Honestly if I was in charge of Chinese propaganda, instead of trying to refute credible academics with their well articulated, evidence based objections to Chinese governance, I'd drown them out by flooding media with hyper-nationalist mainstream media China-watching crackpots.
Cramer's follow-up … asking Kudlow if we should be intertwined with the Chinese economy? Translated, we need to "de-globalize." If so, forget the V rebound. This makes it an "L" as de-globalize. While it might be necessary, it will be an expensive and messy process.  …
ICYMI: "It's like having the state police, the Chinese state police, right in your pocket." House Speaker Nancy Pelosi cautioned E.U. and NATO allies against working with Huawei to build #5G 
This is what happens when two young Chinese  to the store manager about price gouging. It looks like it’s not only the police and military who are AUTHORITARIAN THUGS in modern-day China! #Coronavirus 
China's government has already shut down independent domestic journalism. Now it is attacking foreign journalists. Chinese leaders are so fearful of free information, they soon will be governing in the dark, choosing political survival over wise policy.  
IM LITERALLY CHINESE 
Dr Zhong Nanshan’s team successfully isolated #COVID2019 from urine of patients. Can experts tell us what this means? Another channel for the #coronavirus to spread? Official Chinese report at  
. @SenTomCotton says we know the virus didn’t start in the Chinese food market like they said. It’s only reasonable to ask what kind of research and safety protocol they had at the research center. 
Dr. HUA Guang, of the Second Hospital of Hunan University of Chinese Medicine, finished his 12-hour shift. With colleagues, he diagnosed 50 #coronavirus patients today. He was drenched in sweat in his bunny suit. He wore an adult diaper, he said, because he had no 
The emergence of AP as an ideal destination to set up Automobile plants, owing to its location, infrastructure & conducive business environment makes more Chinese  consider AP in their growth plan! @DIPPGOI @amitabhk87 @YSRCParty @PTI_News @globalchangan 
In the city of Enshi in Hubei, a patient who tested positive for the #coronavirus showed symptoms of pneumonia 38 days after he was infected, a local paper reports. Previously, Chinese epidemiologist Zhong Nanshan said the incubation period of #COVID2019 can be up to 24 
Please stop giving Disney progressive points for blink and you miss it LGBTQ characters who can be easily changed for Chinese markets because they make no impact on the plot
Sources say there are relief and evacuation flights from other countries which are still going to China. Why is the Chinese government delaying clearance for the Indian relief flight? Are they not interested in Indian aid provided as our token of support?
When Lucy Kyselica saw her face was being used to advertise clip-in bangs sold by a Chinese merchant on Amazon, she made a video about it: “I Ordered My Own Bangs Off Amazon ‍”. Because Kyselica’s bangs aren’t clip-ins. They're real. 
BREAKING 1M $BCH sim hack!! worth $30M from 1 single Chinese whale (he claimed lost $15M $BTC too) He's now asking for help from miners ..I'm talking with top BCH pool owners on this OMFG BCH address :qzumak2rvxksjgkjuxe2fe5jxatktlsnhy5sthr5p7 THIS IS REALLY 
"Time is short for the Chinese government to prevent a catastrophe," @Laurie_Garrett 
Bloomberg Misleadingly Claims Chinese Pollution Has Slowed, India ‘Even Bigger Problem’ for Climate (VIDEO) 
she deserved to have an english version, japanese version, a chinese version even this mf demo dropped shes a fucking masterpiece and no i won’t be taking any fucking criticism 
The return of Mao tactics: shocking vido footage "shows Chinese authorities tying up citizens, parading them through the streets and making them hold up humiliating banners as punishment for not wearing masks in public." 
5. Good news indeed! The increase in the number of new confirmed cases across Chinese mainland (except Hubei) fell for 18th day. Since 3 Feb, the number of new confirmed cases has been 890, 731, 707, 696, 558, 509, 444, 381, 377, 312, 267, 221, 166, 115, 79, 56, 45, 258, 31.
not @the way minghao speaks three languages: korean, chinese, and facts @pledis_17
Oh for God's sake! So their money is more important than Australia's health? :( Chinese high school students can return to Australia  …
I remember one time hearing my mom (as a semi adult) and the next morning she’s all “how’d you sleep?” And I looked at her and just lied and said “fine” but on the inside I was 
#coronavirus Yichun, Jiangxi, China. Protesters in front of the bank, Chinese people can’t access their money, funds are frozen due to failing financial institution. Is this a beginning of the #coronavirus related global financial crisis? (Video by 
Chinese food man: “Tip, Tip??” Me: 
Ridiculous that Chinese businesses in Portland are suffering economically due to unfounded fears when this good good is being served up. Get y'alls to the Jade district, stat! 
Prisons emerged as a new flashpoint in the fast-spreading coronavirus as three Chinese provinces reported outbreaks at penitentiaries 
Govt sources on Chinese delay for clearance to Indian flight to Wuhan: Indian nationals in Wuhan continue their long wait for the flight which will evacuate them to India & the delay is causing them and their family members in India tremendous mental anguish.  …
We haven't seen Bloomberg's taxes. Is Russia paying him to sow chaos in the Democratic Primary? We need to see his taxes now and see who he is reliant on to maintain his obscene wealth. Is it the Russians? Is it the Chinese? Why can't the voters see his taxes before we vote?
I think this was purposely unleashed on the Chinese people because of their protest. No one is protesting now and no one is on the streets anymore 
::chinese stoicism::
Govt Sources says Chinese delay to clearnace to Indian flight to Wuhan is a "roadblock" in evacuating Indian nationals from Wuhan & "putting them under hardship and mental agony"  …
A 20-year-old Chinese woman from Wuhan infected five relatives, without ever showing signs of infection, Chinese scientists reported on Friday, offering new evidence that the virus can be spread asymptomatically. What the heck?  …
Sources: There are relief and evacuation flights from other countries which are still going on, including by France. Why is the Chinese government delaying clearance for Indian relief flight? Are they not interested in Indian aid provided as our token of support?  …
College admissions scam: Chinese mum Xiaoning Sui pleads guilty to paying US$400,000 bribe for son’s UCLA spot - “Prosecutors r  no additional jail time for Sui, who had been arrested in Spain since Sept.” But Roger Stone .....  …
Sources: It may be recalled that PM Modi wrote to Chinese President Xi Jinping conveying solidarity of people and government of India with people and Govt of China in meeting the challenge of coronavirus outbreak;and offered to provide whatever assistance possible to China.
Sources: Chinese deliberately delaying the grant of clearance for the evacuation flight.  …
Sources:Chinese Govt yet to grant clearance to flight carrying relief supplies which will also get back remaining Indian nationals frm Wuhan.China continues to maintain there is no delay(even on friday),day flight was supposed to go,but inexplicably clearance has not been given
Three overseas Chinese students discuss how China “lost the gamble” trying to control the outbreak quietly and why the #coronavirus crisis could serve as “an awakening 
Chinese UFC champion Weili Zhang is scheduled to arrive in Las Vegas tonight, per her manager Brian Butler ( @BrianButler_Au). Long road to UFC 248 due to coronavirus, China-Thailand-AbuDhabi-Vegas. But her title fight with Joanna Jedrzejczyk is on.
Also if you @Chinese_Gordon want a full timeline including sources and timestamps for each and every infection and death starting on January 21st and onward here you  …
#BREAKING: The Government has announced strict exemptions allowing Chinese high-school students caught up in the coronavirus travel ban to return to Australia.
The name ‘Kochi’ owes its origin to Malayalam word ‘Kochu azhi’, meaning ‘a Small Lagoon’ Every foreigner mentioned Kochi in their own Slang. Portuguese: Cochim Jews: Kogin Dutch: Coetsjin British: Cochin It was Ma Huan, Chinese traveler, who first mentioned Kochi in his books
With all this news on Russia collusion,  nobody is asking Bloomberg about Chinese collusion?
In other news, the families of three Chinese exchange students were invited for tea.  …
Chinese President #XiJinping replies to letter from Bill Gates on fight against 
Eat at your local Chinese restaurant this weekend! Their businesses have been effected by the health scare even though there’s no reality to that.
Imagine tweeting about Uighur culture with a Chinese flag emoji in 2020 
Hundreds of Chinese blocked the bank's headquarters in order to get their money back. This is the first bank in #China that has problems caused by #coronavirus. The beginning of a financial 
What's in there? Chinese people staying at home during the novel #coronavirus outbreak  up with some neat tricks to take awesome #selfies by looking inside a washing machine, a potato chip bag or a fridge. #COVID19 
Can't wait to see how little her homossexuality will matter in the movie. Gotta get that sweet Chinese money.
Who's side is Mike Bloomberg on? By putting Chinese bonds into his bond indices in 2019, $100 billion of inflows into China are expected. Xi can use this money to incarcerate Muslims, expand his military, and  to steal American jobs.  …
Chinese hospitals discharge 20,659 recovered patients of coronavirus infection by the end of Friday  
BREAKING: China has confirmed their participation in March's European tournaments CBA: "We would like to explain that members of the Chinese Badminton Team are healthy and that no one is infected or suspected of being infected."  …
watch them make her just subtle enough so that they can easily edit out any allusion to her being gay for the chinese release :\  …
A rousing tribute to healthcare & frontline workers by the Singapore Chinese Orchestra. Glad the   together to rally Singaporeans during the COVID-19 outbreak. – LHL #SGUnited 
These Chinese believers are following in the footsteps of Christians throughout history, such as those who, during the time of the Roman Empire, ran into the plague, ministering to the sick and dying, even as thousands of Roman citizens ran away. 
What can get the Chinese government to detain Uighur and other Turkic Muslims in Xinjiang for "re-education"? Examples: 1. “His wife wore veils.” 2. “He has one more child than allowed by the family planning policy.” 3. “He prayed after each meal.” 
Races; not tribes, zombie. There are races in Kenya - Africans, Caucasians, Asians and Chinese. Do you understand, zombie?  …
#LATEST on #COVID19 outbreak in China, as of Feb 21: - 76,288 confirmed cases in Chinese mainland - 2,345 deaths - 20,659 discharged from hospital 
Chinese President Xi expresses gratitude to Bill and Melinda Gates for support to his country after the coronavirus outbreak 
"These cookies are delicious, Jenny!" "Thanks, my wife made 'em!" *character is never seen again and her line is cut from the Chinese release of the movie*
Notice how you never get a bad food experience ordering Mexican or Chinese. : Taqueria Mercado downtown Cincinnati 
English and Chinese (Traditional) subtitles have been added to Death Come True's Teaser Vol.3, which premiered at the DCT Presentation Event on Feb.6. Please check the video's subtitle settings on YouTube and enjoy! 
397 new cases of #COVID19 reported on Chinese mainland on Friday, 2,393 discharged and 109 more deaths. Latest figures: - 76,288 total confirmed cases, another 68 in HK, 10 in Macao and 26 in Taiwan - 2,345 deaths - 20,659 recovered - 11,477 in critical condition 
Epic Games messed up and accidentally forgot to put a lot of censorship for Skulls and such for Season 2 in China. They use the promotional image for Brute however he was actually censored in the Chinese version, having his headgear removed due to the skull reference. 
Feb 21 (Reuters) - A 20-year-old Chinese woman from Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, traveled 400 miles(675 km) north to Anyang where she infected five relatives, without ever showing signs of infection, Chinese scientists reported on Friday.
15 years ago today, #AvatarTheLastAirbender debuted DYK: The Chinese characters that appear at the top of the show's title card mean 'the divine spiritual medium who has descended upon the mortal world'  
Chinese officials pay silent tribute to medical workers who lost their lives fighting 
photo of Peranakan Chinese wedding couple of Penang frm a Penang Museum. Peranakan descends frm the 1st waves of Chinese settlers in the Malay Peninsula and Indonesian Archipelago. An unique blend of Chinese and local culture from centuries long intermarriage/transculturation 
She's either gonna be downplayed, replaced or just being cut entirely for Chinese and Middle Eastern audience.  …
Why are young doctors in Wuhan dying from the coronavirus? They don’t have the other health problems that cause some older people to die. But the Chinese government’s lack of investment in public health has left them unable to protect themselves properly.  
Chinese artisans create amusing wooden "carpenters" 
"I deeply appreciate the act of generosity of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and your letter of solidarity to the Chinese people at such an important moment," Xi Jinping replies to Bill Gates, who has pledged support in China's #COVID19 fight  
Chinese-Montrealers are going into self-imposed quarantine after visiting China to prevent the spread of #COVID19. Zhuo Li told me why he feels it's his duty and what it's like to spend two weeks at home alone (he didn't mind it). Watch the video 
Imagine being locked up in a Chinese prison for 439 days. You cannot see your family. No justifiable reason has been given. That is what our Canadian friend and colleague Michael Kovrig is facing. #FreeMichaelKovrig.  
Good morning, the 'pastillas' scheme has a Chinese name - bao guan - meaning, guaranteed entry. Read abt it here in @hotmanila's latest report  …
Los Angeles places largest single order for electric buses with Chinese manufacturer BYD, in an effort to upgrade its entire bus fleet to emissions-free before Olympic 2028  
we’re already a “super sad chinese import story”, but we’d be mad not to turn that around with our renewable resources. and of course we need to invest in resilience. disasters will get worse (ie. more frequent) before they get better.
the ancient chinese fantasy fandom might have made me a full time nerd however now I can also make delicious pork buns so who's winning
Yeah I apologized for saying dumb offensive things in my 20s - have you ever apologized for phone hacking on your watch? For publishing fake pix? For mocking trans people in your 50s? For mocking Chinese people in your 50s? For giving cover to this racist president in your 50s?  …
american chinese food is so  …
Liverpool folk: Get yourself down to the oldest and best Chinese restaurant in the city and help them resist this xenophobic hysteria.  …
This Chinese woman’s desperation is palpable. “Not a single person can speak freely. If anyone speaks the truth they’ll be caught by the police. I can’t take it anymore. No beds, no medicines, CCTV news is a lie. We have to speak for the next generation.” Let freedom ring. 
Chinese President Xi Jinping has written back to Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, after receiving a letter from the U.S. business leader on the novel coronavirus disease #COVID19. More to 
Vatican officially recognizing bishops of the Communist Chinese Patriotic Church - what could possibly go wrong?  …
“The trade war between China and the United States, coupled with the Coronavirus, are creating essentially a double-whammy on the Chinese.” @Heritage China expert Dean Cheng on the economic pressures on China 
The antique tea table with a Chinese letter “Happiness.” Now, William is enjoying coffee with it close to the White House. 
Chinese President #XiJinping on Fri chaired a meeting on the prevention and control of the novel #coronavirus disease ( #COVID19) and the coordination between the epidemic control and economic and social development (file 
Full transcript of “smoking gun” bombshell interview: Prof. Frances Boyle exposes the bioweapons origins of the CoVid-19 coronavirus According to professor Coronavirus developed in North Carolina and sold to the Chinese as bioweapon  …
Female groups album sales by Chinese fans: #2 BLACKPINK - ??? 84,327 copies No  announcement yet. © 簇暮萧然 #KilThisLove #BestMusicVideo 
Please @ScottMorrisonMP @JoshFrydenberg do not allow the Communist Chinese Govt to buy Dairy Farmers. We won’t trust the quality of our milk. More Dad & Mum farmers will suffer. We know we can’t trust  or China. When will Govt wake up & stop selling off our farm?
Mask or no mask, the #Chinese police brutally arrest citizens suspected of carrying the #Coronavirus. The #CCP are masters of deceit and sleight of hand. #Xi is stealing straight from Mao’s playbook: censor & intimidate at all costs.  …
The odd thing about the Chinese Death Plague is that the closer it gets to a global pandemic, the less coverage it gets in The Discourse.
the treatment of Chinese students as a cash cow by Western universities is bad for almost everyone
Karen Davila, trending? (After a quick browse) Mukhang graveyard shift mga hired trolls ni Panelo From zero to hero - it's your time to shine nga naman, Atty The next “I’m sad. We have Chinese neighbors sa condo..." #NoToABSCBNShutDown 
you know what's a good way to support Chinese students over the coronavirus? refunding them for the semester, organizing online classes, showing flexibility over exams and coursework.  …
Hundreds of Chinese blocked the bank's headquarters in order to get their money back. This is the first bank in #China that has problems caused by #coronavirus. The beginning of a financial 
Coronavirus, the man made disease. Made by the Chinese for the rest of us. They've killed more of thier own 
Mike made millions selling pensions to dodgy  You want dirt on him, investigate this.
These new Chinese hospitals have the strangest designs and why are the beds made out of wood? 
I’m getting the impression  want to tell us that slow business in Chinese restaurants is due to Sinophobia, when in reality it is primarily due to avoidance of restaurants by people of Chinese descent.
You mean @HillaryClinton @BillClinton and many others who tried to SELL ALL AMERICANS OUT TO THE CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY? Meanwhile, what will you bargain for this time as CROOKED Democrat insiders and @MikeBloomberg (a Bloombergian) steal your nomination AGAIN?  …
No. My sources...who by the way have been spot on from the get go on all this stuff...say that the Russians/Chinese/North Koreans and others want to cause discord within the US. That’s done by manipulating the narrative and driving a deeper wedge.  …
Zhang Liang Temple is located at the foot of Mt. Zibai, south of Qinling Mountains, Shaanxi Province. Zhang Liang was a great strategist and statesman in early Han Dynasty (206BC - 220AD). It is a beautiful Chinese Taoism temple which makes you feel stepping into a fairyland. 
Languages with most speakers overall: 1 English 1.13bn (winning) 2 Mandarin Chinese 1.12bn (but not by much) 3 Hindi 615m 4 Spanish 534m 5 French 280m Most native speakers: 1 Mandarin Chinese 918m 2 Spanish 460m 3 English 379m 4 Hindi 341m 5 Bengali 228m -Ethnologue
“CalPERS failed to answer two fundamental questions raised in my letter to Governor Newsom,” @RepJimBanks told @EpochTimes. @CalPERS officials failed to answer Banks’s questions about its CIO's links to a #Chinese program the @FBI says is a #Spying  …
One of #Australia’s leading universities is offering #Chinese students A$1,500 if they travel through a 3rd country as they seek to minimize the impact of a ban on foreigners arriving from mainland #China amid the  …
haha fuck why does his Batman look like a Chinese bootleg called "PointyBoy" 
Coronavirus brings out anti-Chinese sentiment in South Korea  …
. @FreshOffABC depicted the delicate balance of Chinese cultural practices with American family dynamics. i spoke to THE first family @parkrandall @ConstanceWu @HudsonDYang @wheeler_forrest @theianchen on the most impactful moments of the  …
This is a terrible example of  destroys a country. The Chinese Communist Party can’t adequately help its citizens struggling against the #coronavirus outbreak, and willing Chinese citizens are prevented from standing in the gap.  …
The outbreak of deadly coronavirus may speed up the development of a Chinese central bank digital currency (CBDC), according to the former governor of the country’s monetary policy maker. Read More »  … @cctip_io airdrop 100000000 AFDLT 100 #AfroDex
I ordered the Specials from the Chinese takeaway. I got much too much, too much foo Yeung. #FastFoodMusic
I will never shut up about yixing’s rap in the chinese version of love me right, he ate it my king 
#TrumpLIES 130 % of Trump’s China-Tariff Revenue Is Going to Angry Farmers First, his China tariffs last year netted the govt less than 1/10th of what he claims Second, tariffs were not paid by China, but by  importing Chinese goods  …
“The Chinese government is using the massive amount of data it has collected to categorize people according to their likelihood of infection by the new coronavirus. But some people say they have been incorrectly tagged and forced into quarantine”  …
Pewdiepie: so I was in japan right... Media: CHINESE HE IS BEING RACIST OMG THE FAMLIES HOW COULD HE
Indian is better in a restaurant and Chinese is better from takeaway
The Chinese are now respected and even feared because of wealth.  from innovation. Until the black person discovers innovation and ignores victimization, we will keep on in a self-fulfilling loop of ignorance and poverty.
Solomon Islands seeks $100 billion loan from Chinese... 
Chinese scientists develop droplet-powered generator that can light up 100 LED bulbs with one just drop 
As 200 other Taiwanese were evacuated, Liu Ting stayed in Wuhan with her mainland Chinese wife, Yang Xi. They explain their fear of stigma and their lives in the “unbearable” #coronavirus 
My local Chinese restaurant always gives crazy estimates for delivery times in a bid to not disappoint. “Does  your order?” “Yes” “That’ll be with you at 9pm.” “Grea...” “September 15th” “Oh, I...” “2027” “Thanks”
This must be diet Chinese food? Some Lite-nese food
Analysis of the bio weapon that was released in China. The fact that this is happening at the worst possible time for china is notable: it was released during the chinese new year, which is the greatest human migration event of the year.  
Buying new clothes? Ask where the cotton came from. A lot of Chinese cotton produced by Uighurs slave labour. Listening to US anthropologist @dtbyler describe Xinjiang as being like ‘the colony’ in #hungergames  …
Adventures With Anxiety has now been fan-translated to Chinese! Xièxiè, fans!  
2) Language Exchange with migrant workers (2 Thurs. per month) - open to current or former sex workers only. Learn Chinese in exchange for teaching English, biweekly on topics related to Know-Your-Rights & public health. To apply, email kaizen.agility@gmail.com @heartofcode_KZ
BREAKING: Chinese President Xi Jinping to arrive in Pakistan for official tour  
#FridayNightFrills 18th Century dress, Robe à la Française, 1760's, this cotton textile's pattern alludes to Jean-Baptiste Pillement's chinoiserie designs, the French fabric interprets an Indian export fabric that itself was a copy of a Chinese pattern. Via 
Nicaragua still waiting on empty chinese promises/bribes.  …
. @ecwilliams30 and @jennygathright (reporting in Mandarin!) tell a nuanced story of how the D.C. area's Chinese restaurants are affected by the coronavirus.  …
This is how the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) treats Chinese people today. Next will be the whole world. Time to take actions before it's too late. #CCP_is_terrorist #coronavirus #COVID2019 #coronaviruschina #coronaviruschina #WuhanVirus #chinazi 
One can only hope that we’re witnessing the end of the Chinese Communist Party and President Xi  …
Just in case anyone is unconvinced that the Chinese economy is in full meltdown, one of the highest quality economic data groups in the world, ISI, provides the proof below. All time low in the survey which correlates nearly 100% with swings in real gdp/economic activity. 
“Shall we get a Chinese tonight”  …
I actually think that Christchurch ratepayers would rather Liane Dalziel make a public statement about why she subverted NZs electoral system by getting her dodgy husband to hide donations from Chinese businessmen & corporate water bottlers during her election campaign...  …
How the Chinese Government Scammed the Solomon Islands into walking away from Taiwan - A bribe of $11 billion and a fictitious $150 billion promise. @HuXijin_GT @AmbCuiTiankai @AmbLiuXiaoMing @AmbassadorZhang #liecheatstealbribe  …
Is this true @CDCgov ? That there are people here in America that are sick and were possibly exposed to the Chinese coronavirus and you are ignoring them? #coronavirus 
So South Korea is the bad guy now? After we basically hired their soldiers to serve for us in the Vietnam war as mercs & so many POTUS exploited them for their own American expansionism during Coldwar. Wake up call to all Asian American including Chinese Americans to  …
What is the intellect of media nowadays can be imagined just by these images where none has questioned the images of: 1. Ambedkar (Mukti Kaun Pathe?) 2. Bhagat Singh (why I am an atheist?) On the political platform of @asadowaisi ? Enough evidence 4 Chinese detention 
". @CalPERS' CEO said Banks had made 'baseless accusations' about the CIO's involvement in Chinese espionage — but didn't deny that Meng was recruited to the 1,000 Talents Program (TTP)” & @FBI describes TTP as a Chinese "unofficial espionage" program...  …
my fellow indonesians, when will u stop treating chinese indonesian as if we are not indonesian?  …
I'm going to forego pizza for a while. I'm going to just order Chinese food for delivery for the time being.  …
The Consul General's response is typical of the Chinese Communist government's conduct, which is generally overloaded with bluster 
Crazy days in a Chinese call centre 
Actually this is great. Garlic represents basically 0% of my expenditures but when I buy it I want it to be decent. Market has been stuffed with tasteless, awful Chinese cloves for years. Tariffs are returning quality California product to shelves!  …
Also first mention that US could/should expect to see school closures and curbing of public events similar to Chinese social distancing measures. Overall much darker than previous calls. #COVID19
Never seen unseasoned Chinese food before.  …
JIMIN left Busan at young age after getting selected 1 out of 1000 in Audition. He finished his academic as Top Dancer, a Valedictorian, Japanese, Korean & Chinese Martial Art practitioner who is against t0xic masculinity still debuted showing abs confidently. NEVER QUESTION HIM.
The greatest lesson I was ever taught - by a wonderful historian of banking, capitalism, and the Chinese economy - was that what businesspeople want and what's actually good for the economy are rarely the same thing, but they're great at convincing people otherwise
Concerns about coronavirus are NOT an excuse for racism or xenophobia. This discrimination is appalling. I stand in full solidarity with Chinese New Yorkers.  …
In the latest "Hashing it Out," @OliviaEnos explains what the Chinese Communist Party is doing with the Uighurs, how badly they’re being treated, and what outside powers can do to put an end to it. Full episode: YT:  iTunes:  
#HongKongProtesters have all but disappeared from the streets over the past month as residents avoid the #CoronavirusOutbreak, but the outbreak has broadened discontent with #HongKong leadership and the Chinese regime’s influence on the financial hub.  …
You tried to shame me into changing mine and called me offensive to Chinese. You're a hypocrite.  …
It is Chinese New Year. You and your entire family are seeing who can pick up the most food for each other. An auntie you don’t recognize says you’ve grown so much and shoves $50 at you. Everyone’s shouting over Peking duck. Teresa Tengs 月亮代表我的心 is playing in the bg
and this mf had the audacity to say he prefers chinese food 
Chinese Coronavirus Patient Reinfected 10 Days After Leaving Hospital  …
The #US will now treat the top 5 Chinese news agencies reporting from the US as "operatives of the state", rather than journalists. The Cold War with #Communist China just keeps getting hotter with each passing  …
Worst chinese food I’ve ever seen.  …
Baked and with a base coat of paint! A lot of you got it last time. It's an adult male Chinese Water Dragon! *Customs Annoucement* I will be reopening my customs on Monday 2/24. I will post tomorrow regarding my NEW prices and info about ordering. Keep your eyes open! 
friday is chinese food day god bless 
#BREAKING: Buttigieg’s minority support doubles overnight after millions of Chinese Americans realize 2020 is the year of the rat. 
- A patient in China reportedly tested positive 10 days after discharged from hospital (and meeting discharge requirements) - Hundreds of cases in Chinese prisons- MRC analysis: 2/3 of COVID cases exported from China have been undetected 
What to find out who  ⁠ ⁠ Check out our blog "Chinese Zodiac sign  @mrryanjake #JJMALIBU #muscle #shredded #fitnessmodel #abs #fitnessaddict #instafit #love #gym #tiktok #fun #lol #UK #country #travel #ootd #outfit 
Protesters attacked a convoy of buses carrying Ukrainian nationals evacuated from the Chinese city of Wuhan, injuring nine police officers and one civilian, as global fears and misconceptions spread about the coronavirus outbreak.  
Protesters attacked a convoy of buses carrying Ukrainian nationals evacuated from the Chinese city of Wuhan, injuring nine police officers and one civilian, as global fears and misconceptions spread about the coronavirus outbreak.  
Leaving Geneva after a few days of #Xinjiang #Tibet #humanrights #China advocacy ahead of #HRC43. Thinking @hrw_chinese needs to update this:  … @hrw @JohnFisher_hrw
With Ivanka...can we start with her Chinese voting machine patents...please and Thank you.
Chinese capital battles jump in virus cases as infections ease elsewhere  
At least 500 prisoners and guards across China, in at least 4 different prisons across 3 provinces, had been infected with the coronavirus, Chinese officials said on Friday. Total infections have surpassed 75,000. 
Hey @SallyQYates the real story is the degree to which the Bush/Clinton/Bush/Obama Administrations SOLD OUT ALL AMERICANS to the Chinese, and profited enormously doing so. You are gas-lighting on Russia accusations, but doing so ineffectively, under your high horse, w brown due!  …
Dined at one of my favorite Chinese restaurants the other night, and it was a ghost town. The owner said they have been struggling due to misguided/xenophobic coronavirus concerns. So if you can, help these hard working business owners and eat a lot of Chinese food this weekend!
29-year-old Chinese doctor, who postponed his wedding to treat patients infected with the deadly coronavirus, has died treating them after being infected by the virus, the ninth fatality among the healthcare providers working to contain the outbreak.  …
When ur on a diet but ur ma says Chinese for dinner  …
We do know that being related to someone in China or fixing a dish that is Chinese does not make COVID-19 spontaneously appear in one’s food or airspace. Irrational fears are hurting American businesses.  …
Typical example on how Chinese Communist Party is destroying freedom of speech in the world. 
The Chinese are not acting as if they should be more worried about the regular flu. Either they're overreacting to an insane degree, or things are worse than we're being told.  …
This is why they are principleless. Trump, Putin, big tech, all of them. They'll take on any philosophy at the moment, be it American "liberty" or Chinese domination, all to get past the political and move into a lawless state of endless profit and power.
Consequence of Chinese infiltration anywhere in the world. WPO this time reminds all of us about CCP aggression. When something is associated with China, you know it will soon be spoiled by CCP. 
The Chinese authorities announced hundreds of new coronavirus cases in Chinese prisons on Friday, renewing questions about their methods of accounting for cases 
Former Trump Aide Sues Billionaire Chinese Mar-a-Lago Member for Defamation  …
No Clearance YET from Beijing for India's Medical Airlift to Wuhan. Because, Indian Air Force is sending an 'American' C-17 Globemaster, and Chinese are bloody wary of it. Per chance, the C-17 is replaced by an Air India 747 Jumbo, the Chinese will give clearance in a jiffy  …
vmin subunit track being called “friends” is the same energy as netflix chinese subs having wwx call lwj his “confidante” instead of “soulmate”
Also teuk played us half of his version of love more!!!! He sang this for his chinese fanmeetings 3 years ago huhu At the beginning of the vid, he was just explaining he will usually sing japanese songs at japan fanmeetings and chinese songs at chinese fanmeetings 
news of the virus spreading through Chinese prisons should remind us that the Chinese carceral system, even beyond Xinjiang, is very big, very messy, and deeply corrupt. (The usual prison numbers given exclude a wide range of detention/punitive measures.)
Also, my husband said he is so proud of me for getting new patrons that he is getting me Chinese and sushi today and gahhhhh, have I mentioned he is the best?
“If you’re changing how you count, the numbers over time are not reliable.” Conflicting numbers of new #Coronavirus cases reported by 2 Chinese regional authorities drew confusion and have raised further questions about the reliability of #CCP  …
Common to all airborne infectious diseases, #SARS_CoV_2 spreads rapidly in confined spaces. The pattern is clear: cruise ships, Korean church services, Chinese prisons. Lesson: use rigorous ph strategies to prevent infections in congregate settings- prisons, nursing homes, hosps
Stalin, American lawyers with NDAs, and Chinese closed circuit TV would have been a 
. @BorisJohnson should scrap #HS2, not outsource the failing rail scheme to the Chinese. Now estimated to cost upwards of £88  to earlier estimates of £55.6 bn, #HS2 will be a white elephant rife with government waste and  …
Countries receiving the most Chinese exports of motor vehicle parts and accessories US $12bn Japan $3bn Mexico $2bn Germany $1.7bn S Korea $1.2bn -UN Comtrade
Don’t be afraid to say hi just bc I’m chinese holy crap 
Dear friends: So happy to announce the publication of the Chinese-language edition of "Building a Bridge." Thanks to everyone who builds bridges and shows  and sensitivity" to our LGBT friends around the world. More info here:  
A White girl had an argument with me and a Taiwanese girl about whether Taiwanese culture is Chinese. The Taiwanese girl told the White girl it was Chinese but she just gaslighted and brought up a bunch of articles about Tsai Ing-Wen. The Taiwanese girl was waishengren.
Chinese deploy robots to help medical staffs deliver food to coronavirus patients. So incredible. 
I appreciate these brands trying to cater to my cat's "ancestral instincts" but his favorite foods are rotisserie chicken and the pork from chinese take-out
Why did a Chinese university hire Charles Lieber to do battery research?  …
Note, among other things, the vivid greens, the little Chinese dragons, and the Persian lines of poetry by Ḥāfeẓ: "Call for wine and scatter roses: what do you seek from Time?/ Thus spoke the rose at dawn. O nightingale, what say you?" 
Nowhere feels safe. @Amnesty details the countless cases of Uyghurs around the world who live in constant fear of retribution from the Chinese government from speaking out. “I felt like I needed to watch out for people around me & around my house.”  …
"A smile will gain you ten more years of life." ✎ Chinese Proverb "The Misfits" by John Huston (1961). 
Incredible. Beijing expels three Wall Street Journal reporters. The WSJ then publishes this amazingly brave op-ed by the Hong Kong businessman Jimmy Lai: "There is no cure for  except the collapse of the party."  …
Wow, so honored - two full pages in @ndnl! A beautifully written interview about DE PERFECTE ZUS (SEARCHING FOR SYLVIE LEE) and my life as a Chinese immigrant by @ruthvdkolk. (You can read for free w/this link if you just sign up with your email) 
Not yet. @HuXijin_GT understands he can't show weakness by blocking me on behalf of his #coronavirus spreading & Chinese people killing motherland. As a result, we are having a one-sided dialogue. None of my questions are answered.  …
We are Birthday boys, Bigi Feb. 21, me Feb. 20. Last year I present him with a Chinese gift, a paper cut art of the giant panda. Heard he loves panda. Happy birthday Bigi! You are man now. 
random but i love you guys a lot to the point where i associate with being an intl xfx more than a chinese one nowadays let’s do something special for xiaozhan when he releases his next project
One of the most popular and offcial Vietnamese newspaper reported that some Chinese and Korean artists have donated for helping prevent the covid-19 virus. And the picture of Hanbin was there. I cry #HanbinsPeople #김한빈 #비아이 #HANBIN  
In case there is any confusion on this matter: American tariffs are in fact taxes paid by Americans, and do not involve the Chinese airdropping cash and apology notes on you
The Virus Cannot Dampen the Spirit! A touching Mahashivratri wish from Wuhan, China, where the Coronavirus originated. Many Chinese seekers were unable to attend the event due to the epidemic & travel restrictions. Hearty wishes to them from #IshaYogaCenter 
 … Another Chinese furry got on local news for his heroic work as a doctor in Wuhan during the CoV outbreak. He’s trending in Chinese Furry Fandom tonight. 
The colors used in the artwork were amazing, the hindi was amazing It was an art, just like chinese/japanese/spanish people use on their respective hollywood posters But kya kare bhai sahab hindi mein hai toh cringy hona hi hai :(
Five cargo aircraft of #Qatar Airways head to #Chinese cities of Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, carrying 600 tons of medical supplies gratis, including 2.5 million masks and 500,000 hand sanitizers sent by Qatar and epidemic prevention supplies purchased by China's government 
Farmers Support Trump! Because the Chinese do not play by the rules. They won’t trade with orders that are not in their favor, they steal the farmers patents. ONLY President Trump has tried to stop these unfair trade practices! Thank you, Mr President!
Chinese Ambassador Yao Jing appreciated Government of Pakistan’s efforts to fast track the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor projects. @Asad_Umar @AsimSBajwa @PTVNewsOfficial @RadioPakistan @pid_gov @appcsocialmedia 
China's ambassador to London has confirmed that the Chinese government is ready to resume trade talks with Brexit Britain. By 2050, China could account for 20% of world GDP while the EU is projected to shrink to just 9% - we must seize these opportunities and go global!
Today is International Mother Language Day, which celebrates linguistic diversity and multilingualism. From Arabic to Guaraní and Chinese to Scottish Gaelic, we're proud to teach nearly 40 different languages! Which language will you be practicing today? 
Like most major markets today -- but to a much greater extent -- Chinese stocks don't react to changes in underlying growth or corporate profitability. They reflect government signaling and liquidity support, and there's been a lot of both recently.  …
China's ambassador to Sweden offers a glimpse of a newly forceful brand of Chinese diplomacy 
Chinese medical expert warns recovered coronavirus patients may still be contagious  …
As of 02,21 23:00 BJT, Chinese BLINKs have collected enough money to purchase 81,560 copies of BLACKPINK’s  album (non-shipping back + shipped back to China). 职业黑粉操盘手吧 
Curious as to why we  accept US media describing Chinese media outlets as “state-run” “arms” of the CCP, but we never refer to The Washington Post (where these are from) as “the Jeff Bezos-owned mouthpiece of the US capitalist class” 
At this critical moment, @qatarairways has opened a "Green Channel" to send and donate medical supplies to China, which fully demonstrates the brotherly friendship from the Qatari people to the Chinese people. Thank you Qatar Airways! Thank you Qatar! 
New Yorkers: there are no cases of Coronavirus in the City. But our  are suffering. Please support Chinese businesses and stand up against racism and fear. We need to have each other’s backs.  …
Russia interfering with our 2020 Election is ALL PROPAGANDA. China is the one to watch out for because the Dems love the Chinese Dictator!! China and the Socialist Dem Party are the biggest threat to our Democracy and way of life! Agree? Than retweet and Follow Patriots 
#COVID19 is now rapidly spreading through #SouthKorea because Prez #MoonJaein, to please a heartless #China, kept his border open to infected Chinese travelers.  …
SCARY: Fed has been indirectly buying MASSIVE amounts of stocks to pump up stocks. Now enters corona-virus with its DISASTROUS effect on Chinese economy. USA will begin feeling the pain soon. Then what does Fed do when banks no longer want to exchange treasuries for stocks?
#XiJinping's revolution in #China is definitely a turn for the worse. The Chinese people are suffering from his horrible decisions, and now so are many others.  …
What's in there? Chinese people staying at home during the novel #coronavirus outbreak  up with some neat tricks to take awesome #selfies by looking inside a washing machine, a potato chip bag or a fridge. #COVID19 
With officials of Chinese Embassy & #SriLanka - #China Journalists Assn participating in special ShivaRaathri pooja at Colombo #SriPonnambaleshwar Temple today, expressing solidarity with China at the time of #coronavirus crisis 
Coronavirus: 500 Chinese prisoners infected  
Stay tuned for new @HRW work on mother tongue education for #Tibetans... #China: Activist Convicted for Promoting Tibetan Language  … #InternationalMotherLanguageDay @Martinez_Elin @hrw_chinese
*sighs* At least once a month I gotta speak on this. ATL has bomb Indian food, Chinese/Japanese food, Ethiopian, Eritrean, Mexican, Cuban, soul..... Niggas have the best vegan soul food in the nation as well. WaHo + Chickfila + American Deli is NOT all that’s here.  …
Even if this isn't the official mv (which it actually IS), why must it be official for some of yall to stream the song? 13 million people watched  vlive today, if we cut out maybe 3 million chinese armys who don't have access to youtube, we still have 10 million left-
. @jwassers is on the #AsiaInDepth podcast discussing how the Chinese Communist Party is consolidating the definition of "Chineseness" — creating further tension between ethnic Chinese in Hong Kong and elsewhere who don't align with Party values. Listen:  
Coronavirus outbreak: Made In China. The consensus among virologists is that the likely cause was the Chinese authorities' persistent tolerance of unsafe animal and food handling practices.  …
I will get "loyalty is timeless and biggest sign of a Clinton supporter" translated into Chinese characters and tattooed on my face
#MikeBloomberg is anything but a ‘Moral Capitalist’..he is a #China sellout & believes #Xi is not a dictator,not in his role 4 life,& not beholding 2 #CCP but 2 the Chinese people 4 his position....that’s the real #MikeBloomberg—he does #Xi’s bidding 4  …
Recording this was so much fun, despite Skype being just a terrible product. I got to throw some numbers around on why Chinese is so suitable for slang, and gushed about 米兔 (mitu, #MeToo in China), among other  …
A reason China was unwilling  it's Armed Forces to #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak was fear of adverse impact on OP readiness But Now A frontline Chinese warship crew quarantined Question: How did #COVID2019 reach the warship Via  …
 say they can’t afford to pay workers right now  
Tucker Carlson: Politico Printed Chinese Propaganda Smearing Hong Kong Protesters  …
LATEST: South Korea reports big jump in cases of coronavirus as it spreads in Chinese prisons. 
#UPDATE Two more people died from the new coronavirus in Iran, infections nearly doubled in South Korea, and clusters surfaced in Chinese prisons Friday, rekindling concerns about an epidemic that has killed more than 2,200 people in China 
#coronavirus is made in China & exported to the world. China's coverup of this drop dead virus has killed more Chinese people & earned the title of Emperor Corona's Chernobyl.  …
Not to be dramatic but I think I have this illness where I crave a Chinese every single day
Read my latest @smh, with thanks @JLewisnthenews! "The ego trip behind the push to lift ban on Chinese students" --  …
Chinese officials in the province hardest hit by the coronavirus acknowledged that their methods of confirming and reporting infection numbers had sown confusion 
Documents leaked to the ABC reveal the Solomon Islands Government discussed a $US100 billion loan from a Chinese businessman — an amount of money almost 77 times the Pacific nation's GDP.  …
Hong Kong protesters, many dressed in black and wearing surgical masks amid fears over the new coronavirus, held sit-ins in the Chinese-ruled city on Friday to mark seven months since an attack by an armed mob on anti-government demonstrators.  …
#Chinese police warn residents not to spread information about #coronavirus on internet. Location: Longhua District, #Shenzhen City, #Guangdong Province #Wuhan #COVID19 #Hubei #武汉 #武汉肺炎 #新冠肺炎 
Holy Chinese Joooisus! Did anyone else crave chinese food after seeing this? 
$HKD peg has held for 37 years.  of social unrest, increased demand by Chinese to expatriate RMB to $USD, and a declining economy now topped with COVID-19 is making this FX one to watch. Any adjustment will be VERY significant with knock-on 
 pioneer who built modern China — profile of engineer Xia Peisu,  from @tsmullaney, who's working on a history of  #twitterstorians 
yixing, jackson wang, etc, who all produce music in china, have twitters, have instagrams, that they promote on, besides, most of wayv live in korea, where instagram isn’t banned, and so do their staff. it’s not a matter of it being banned, so many chinese artists post on sns.  …
The spiky cluster-based “discovery” of new #coronavirus cases in S. Korea, Iran, etc. is exactly what you’d expect from a real-world exponentially spreading disease. Data is messy! Conversely, this is why we think the Chinese data has been faked.  …
Four Chinese prisons now have a total of over 500 virus cases, according to  …
What's going on? Unless Australia can buy  then @ScottMorrisonMP should legislate against  …
With the wide spread popularity of Chinese Xianxia novels I expect every single one of you to properly acknowledge Seokjin by his full name, which is Immortal Grand Master Deity Kim Seokjin
Protesters attacked a convoy of buses carrying Ukrainian nationals evacuated from the Chinese city of Wuhan, injuring nine police officers and one civilian, as global fears and misconceptions spread about the coronavirus outbreak. 
 of  involved a number of Chinese, perhaps some of them are working for CCP 
been saying this is weird for days. “For 3rd time in eight days — and 2nd time in 24 hours — Chinese public health officials made changes to their criteria for counting coronavirus cases, once again sowing confusion over the widely fluctuating figures.”  …
Chinese exports collapse after coronavirus  
In #Ukraine, a mass email from the health ministry said there were five cases of coronavirus, leading to riots and attacks on buses carrying Chinese evacuees. Except it wasn't true. The email came from outside the country, presumably #Russia  …
Beyond detainining one million Uighur and other Turkic Muslims in Xinjiang, the Chinese government is monitoring and harassing Uighr and other Turkic Muslims from Xinjiang who happen to live abroad: @amnesty.  
#China's continual changing of the method of counting #COVID19 cases is the result of some officials demanding low counts and others insisting on accurate ones. There are heroes as well as villains, but once again we see the weaknesses of the Chinese political system.  …
I was invited to review a couple of Chinese lncRNA papers which looked very much alike although on  different subjects. Flagged that to the EoC and never heard of them again
[INFO] Our Sally has released her Chinese single, "Time to Bloom" earlier this morning! Please give her a lot of support! QQ Music  … KoGuo Music  … Kuwo Music  … #gugudan #gu9udan #SALLY #구구단 #샐리 #刘些宁
An Uyghur father in East Turkistan! I AM STARVING! MY WIFE, MY KID, ARE STARVING! SHOULD I KILL MYSELF!? Chinese Communist Party  the most massive CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY in the planet! #Uyghurs #IAMSTARVING 
With the spread of the coronavirus (Covid-19). Chinese middlemen are stockpiling facemasks from Kenya & Tanzania for export to China. China can only produce 20 million masks a day, half of what is needed in the current crisis (READ THIS TO THE END).  …
The coronavirus was intentionally released on the Chinese popoulation to quell the Hong Kong protests....prove me wrong
Fighting against #NCP epidemic， #Chinese people demonstrated unparalleled courage,tenacity & professionalism, made extraordinary sacrifices & dedication.Deeply touched by solidarity & support rendered by  including #Indian friends. Watch this 
Ho-oh Origins: Ho-oh is based on the Chinese Phoenix, "Fenghuang," who's believed to rule over all other birds. In Japan, Fenghuang is called Hō-ō... which explains why this Pokemon's named Ho-oh. Fenghuang shouldn't be confused with the Greek Phoenix, who rises from the ashes. 
Get the full version on Patreon（20 versions of CG, 70 pages of plot, traditional Chinese and English versions）  this is also the work of 10kfo character by @NullGhostArt @arashi_takemoto , KemoColiseum by @DudedleStudio 
I need to attend Malaysian-Chinese TikTok content seminar pronto  …
ASTRO @4 y/o from v-live Rocky: attending dance academy Eunwoo: studying chinese characters MJ: memorizing multiplication table (just until 10x10) Jinjin: boating, catching worms and using them as bait in fishing Moonbin: playing, attending speech academy Sanha: buzz cut
Heartbreaking new film “Waiting for The Game to End” encouraging empathy and  animal guardianship was watched over 35,000 times on Chinese social media networks on day of release. Read the full story:  
There could be a fecal-oral route for coronavirus after live virus particles were found in stool specimens, according to Chinese researchers 
#BTS Map of the Soul: 7 has surpassed 300,000 digital album sales on Chinese music platform NetEase It is now the #1 highest selling album of 2020! 
IRAN HEALTH MINISTRY OFFICIAL SAYS ORIGIN OF NEW CORONA VIRUS CASES "PROBABLY WAS CHINESE WORKERS IN CITY OF QOM" WHO HAD VISITED CHINA
#BREAKING A health ministry official, Minoo Mohraz, says the origin of #CoronaOutbreak in Iran was probably the Chinese workers of the city of Qom, who had visited China. The virus has so far affected 18 people, at least, four of whom have died
Coronavirus statistics have been  mess today: Chinese public health officials said they had been ordered to change how they count cases for the third time in eight days – and the second time in 24 hours. @gerryshih on the  …
hey @DanielAndrewsMP your decision on CCP flag colour Melbourne is ignorant & absurd. It hurts & insults  in Australia. Chinese gov is the oppressor to my people. Its red flag dyed with the blood of students slaughtered in Tiananmen Square. How dare you ？! 
Hundreds of Chinese prisoners have been infected with the novel coronavirus as the outbreak spreads to detention centers across China. 
Chinese Cheshire prepared a subway billboard to celebrate CLC 5th debut anniversary at Seoul Line 7 GeonDae Station It will be there for the whole March. I really hope CLC members and lots of passerbys will see it #CLC 
The ANC @GovernmentZA owns vast tracks of land,how many farms have been handed over by this government? Why do they not share the land the government owns already? In Zimbabwe the Chinese now took over the farms and still no food! God help us!  …
29-year-old Chinese doctor dies of coronavirus in Wuhan  … #wuhan #China #coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #Covid19
FATF announcement any moment Chinese Finance Ministry said officially a short while ago that Pakistan’s “enormous efforts” in improving its counter terrorism finance (CTF) regime and this has been recognised by majority of members countries, definitely a good news for us 
A Chinese #coronavirus expert says some “recovered” patients could still be infectious ( QUARTZ 
NOW AVAILABLE: The laid out @IPBES #GlobalAssessment Summary in all @UN languages!       
A : kau bangsa apa ? Me : iban A : WOAHHHH ! U LOOK SAME CHINESE LORH SHIBAI YOU I'm NOT CHINESE!  …
H.E. Mr. Akbar Al Baker and H.E. Mr. Zhou Jian, Chinese Ambassador to Qatar meeting the crew that will operate the flights to China. #QatarAirways #ChinaQatarTogether 
Pakistan Embassy Beijing’s 2-member team visits Pakistani students in #Wuhan. Chinese only allowed them to go with an understanding that they would not be allowed to leave till quarantine was lifted. Respect for their courage & sense of duty. #CoronaOutbreak 
"The Speak Mandarin Campaign sought to destroy Chinese Singaporeans’ real mother tongues, first by demeaning them as provincial “dialects” of Mandarin when they are in fact mutually unintelligible languages"  … via @TheEconomist
The first #ArtistsxArtists collaboration is a striking cartoon by Chinese dissident cartoonist @badiucao, who lives in self-exile in Australia, and Italian cartoonist @channeldraw The work highlights pro-democracy protesters in #HongKong.  … 
A joint operation by SAPS,Metro Police,liquor-board and EFF Leadership of Ward 80 to close down this brothel run by a Chinese.This came as a result of a mass meeting by the Community yesterday,We are happy to announced that the bothel is closed pending investigation #PretoriaCBD 
“Bloomberg is so dependent on the vast China market that its lawyers threatened to devastate my family financially if I didn’t sign an NDA silencing me about how Bloomberg News killed a story critical of Chinese Communist Party leaders.” -  …
DON'T BE FOOLED!!! Slavery happened all over the world across all races. Whites were slaves. Black were slaves. Indians were slaves. Chinese were slaves. All races tasted slavery.
Dungan is a variety of Chinese spoken primarily in Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan. There are approximately 90,000 speakers. IT IS THE ONLY SPOKEN CHINESE THAT IS WRITTEN IN THE CYRILLIC ALPHABET - the native name for the language is Хуэйзў йүян, which means 'language of the Hui'. 
Coronavirus weakens job market for record number of Chinese graduates  
Protesters attacked a convoy of buses carrying Ukrainian nationals evacuated from the Chinese city of Wuhan, injuring nine police officers and one civilian, as global fears and misconceptions spread about the coronavirus outbreak. 
China will rebound already in Q2 you say? Well, Vessels underway tell a very different story. Expect new cycle-lows in the Chinese PMI by early summer at the latest. Weekly editorial ->  
'Weak Start To The Year' - Maersk Warns Paralyzed Chinese Factories To Damage Global Economy  …
CHINA TO ALLOW SOME BANKS, INSURERS TO TRADE GOVT BOND FUTURES - Chinese Plunge Protection Team needs more dark pools.
The Chinese government has disclosed that Nigerians in China are not among the foreigners who have been infected with the coronavirus.  …
A prayer goes out to all the Innocent Chinese victims who died from this virus They had Names , lives & families You’re not forgotten 
Follow my step! Chinese top athletes teach people how to exercise at home during the outbreak of #COVID19.  
It is important to get the facts straight when talking about CCP political interference in NZ. Andrew Geddis claimed on @radionz Jami-Lee Ross was tasked by @NationalParty to "raise very big sums of money" from  That is incorrect, that is Jian Yang's role 
"Chinese authorities continue to enjoy impunity for these systematic rights violations," says @hrw following more disturbing revelations this week on the ill treatment of #Uyghurs. This needs to end. Politicians must be braver & hold China to  …
None of my fellow Chinese players were able to make it either due to school or travelling ban, I’m proud to represent them with this flag!  
AUDUSD breaks below 0.66 & approaches 11-year low. Strongly connected to the Chinese economy, will Coronavirus fears continue to weigh on AUD?
The chinese are no longer including clinically diagnosed cases of #coronavirus in their numbers. Multiply everything by 10. 
There could be a fecal-oral route for coronavirus after live virus particles were found in stool specimens, according to Chinese researchers 
Thank you @isaacstonefish for raising this point concerning the expulsions: "White men dominate the media. But Beijing chooses to focus on women and minorities, many of whom have Chinese heritage." 
A 'dual-use' autoclave has been seized from the detained Chinese ship 'Dai Cui Yun' that was headed for Karachi by DRDO  Let's see if closer examination reveals whether it is suitable for helping fabricate  missile nosecones etc.
Chinese Consul General in Kolkata threatens Twitter user with ‘eradication’, calls him 'part of Coronavirus'  …
Patients go with the flow at this makeshift hospital in #Wuhan, as Traditional Chinese medicines (TCM) practitioners offer guided #TaiChi 
Drew a scene from a Chinese fic  
This woman has no idea. In California, many signs are written in English, Spanish and Chinese. If you go to many other countries you will get free health care and the NHS has the ability to charge people not from the UK. Ill informed. Pathetic. Makes me ashamed  …
Australian milk BIG M AND DAIRY FARMERS have been given the green light 2b TAKEN OVER by  The whopping $600million deal was announced Friday after ACCC said they would not oppose takeover of either brand by China Mengniu Dairy Comp. Ltd.  …
Chinese FM stressed that China’s position of supporting #Pakistan within FATF remains unchanged, after Indian media reported China has agreed to join India to send a strong message to Pakistan and urging it to  to fight terror financing and money 
It's so funny how so many people believe the US is some indebted profligate country when in reality it is one of the least indebted. Chinese household debt has exploded and continues to grow at about 15% annually 
Chinese retailer, Miniso, which has 3,000+ stores in 70+ countries and is on the cusp of a billion-dollar IPO, is under fire for allegedly ruining its business in South Africa and fleeing the country with funds belonging to franchisees. 
Chinese coronavirus patient reinfected 10 days after leaving hospital  
I am an Indian I am an American I am a Chinese I am a Japanese I am a Thailandian I am a Korean Because I am An Earthling Kya Logic hai Slow Claps  …
Solar energy expands quickly in Brazil, attracts Chinese firms  
chinese 
Australian university offers Chinese students $1,000 to return via third country  
South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Chinese President Xi Jinping agreed to share information about the two countries’ coronavirus clinical treatment experiences during a phone call today. 
Live: Chinese officials brief media on efforts to contain #COVID19 and ensure social  …
Wow the rest of the world must be doing really badly given that the Chinese economy is growing at 5.95%  …
REACTIONS: - @CzechMFA Foreign Ministry issued a verbal protest by Deputy Minister to the Chinese Ambassador in Prague - Newly elected Czech Senate President Vystrčil says: "The letter gives a chilling effect, frankly it is an intimidation. A violation of our sovereignty."
- This Chinese governmental text was delivered from Czech Presidential Office to late Czech Senate President Kubera who died of heart attack a week after that - The Chinese blackmail letter was found in his office after his death in late January 2020  …
- The Chinese government says that if Czech Senate President travels to Taiwan, three specific  doing business in China "will pay" for it. - That is new: Chinese government explicitly putting this blackmail into writing:  …
Arunachal is 'The land of Rising Sun' in India, Mr Chinese President, do not try to stretch your hankerous tongue to Arunachal, may rest assured that we are capable enough to defend our country, and for a befitting reply to you as well.
The cruise ship is a British ship Operated by a U.S.  The captain is British. The source of infection was Chinese who got off in Hong Kong.
#Chinese state media ‘humiliating’ women nurses in #coronavirus propaganda campaign Reports praising heavily pregnant nurse who continued to work and woman who went back to her job early after miscarriage prompt online  …
During #COVID19, lots of foreign friends choose to stay in China.They said,“Everything is fine here. Don’t worry, Mom”. Videos are from Chinese short video app Kuaishou 
Welp. When this infection spreads here, fellow USians, you know who to blame. Not Chinese restaurants (wtf), but your president.  …
Dear me, it seems Labour was taking money from same Chinese men, who were giving it Jami Lee Ross. Say all those lefty trolls all going to go quiet soon... #nzpol #auspol #USPolitics #ukpolitics #news #media  …
Chinese dairy giant cleared to buy Dairy Farmers, Pura Milk and Farmers Union iced coffee.  …
#TGCF We know there're two second person pronouns in Chinese, "您 Nin" (honorific) and "你 Ni"(general). I just realize that in whole TGCF, Huacheng only uses "Nin" on two occasions: 1. In Book 5, CrimsonRainSoughtFlower!Huacheng uses "Nin" referring to Mei Nianqing; 
Guo Guangchang, the chairman of Wolves’ Chinese owners Fosun, was attending his first game at Molineux, and what he must have been impressed. Few who experienced the atmosphere and saw Neves’ magical strike will forget it.
Chinese officials 'round up and execute villagers' pets to stop the spread of coronavirus' 
Chinese experts, based on the result of clinical trials, have confirmed that chloroquine phosphate, an antimalarial drug, has a certain curative effect on the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19), a Chinese official said on Monday. 
JUST NOW: a scuffle broke out in Times Square between HK protesters who were chanting protest slogans and people carrying the Chinese flag. police  in now to block off the area, one woman seen with apparent injuries to her head 
The coronavirus has wrecked entire industries in China. Manufacturing is at a near standstill and it’s affecting the production of electronics, appliances, automobiles, and pretty much anything else that uses Chinese parts worldwide.
This is why we advocate for #diversity in the newsroom. This story has directly impacted the  in COMO. @yang_huizi translated it into Mandarin and of course the 2 immigrants, @difidarova and I, were so passionate that we stayed late to edit it.  …
Chinese scientists are racing to develop a vaccine for novel #coronavirus  
People in Nepal now trolling China with #ChinaIntolerance and #DidiYoTibetHoina (sister this is not Tibet), for the Chinese ambassador @PRCAmbNepal who has been threatening Nepalese press for publishing stories critical of China’s #Coronavirius  …
The Chinese taste for exotic animals is only partially a remnant of necessity but mostly about health. The same impulse that drives us to eat geoduck or giant salamander is what animates Westerners to eat quinoa or gluten free bread. The desire to live longer and healthier.
A pair of Democrats are examining the federal government’s efforts to root out suspected Chinese espionage from universities and laboratories in the United States. 
Duterte, "Apparently si Morente – mahal ko 'yan kasi chief of police 'yan dito" A P10 billion scheme providing entry for Chinese, the head goes scot-free?! I won't be surprised if they won't get down to the syndicate and the POGOs who availed of the scheme.  …
Major coronavirus outbreaks in two mainland Chinese prisons. Xinjiang camps next?  …
How Fay Da Bakery became NYC's most iconic Chinese bakery 
Stunning flexibility and balance: Chinese young men show amazing acrobatic skills. (Do not imitate) 
Spring blossoms of Hunza Valley, Gilgit Pakistan Pakistan is blessed with 4 seasons and spring is attracting so many korean, chinese & japanese tourists to Pakistan #spring #asmarsphotography 
Oga, Chinese and Indian women are well educated and it has not changed their respect for their husbands, family ,culture and institution of marriage despite being born or migrated to western world nor so called civilization. Na only we for Nigeria open eye ,abi?
Reading Probal Dasgupta’s amazing book about the little known & remembered conflict with the Chinese in 1967. Do read if you are a Military History buff. Solid stuff. Reads like a thriller. 
Chinese hooper was giving me buckets..I can’t lie lol ...click the link...CLICK THE LINK  
CIA purchased Chinese made weapons for Afghan Mujahideen for plausible deniability because they were clones of Soviet weapons. CIA also bought #Xinjiang mules to supply Muj because Tennessee mules couldn’t hack it in Afghanistan and just died by  …
The year is 2056: 90 year old dictator William Ruto has refused to cede power after 34 years of rule Public debt is Ksh 87 trillion Corruption is legal Kenya is a failed state in recession Chinese is the national language Kenya is a bankrupt colony of China #RutoRebelMovement
There could be a fecal-oral route for coronavirus after live virus particles were found in stool specimens, according to Chinese researchers 
We want Aotearoa to be a place where  is free to practice their culture peacefully without interference. Our Gov must monitor and protect against attempts by the Chinese Gov to repress ethnic Uyghurs here. Tautoko @AmnestyNZ  …
 say they can’t afford to pay workers right now  
This is quite the response from an official Chinese diplomat but I really doubt the Chinese social justice warriors (CCP shills) will say anything about this 
The Chinese government has set up the infrastructure to carry out a global intimidation campaign against its critics.  …
Local authorities said on Friday that more than 200 people within a Chinese prison have been diagnosed with coronavirus.  …
For anyone who thinks the Andrews government’s “tribute lightshow” tonight is naive but harmless, the issue is it signifies official endorsement of the CCP/PRC as the sole, legitimate representative of the ethnic  That’s a disservice and insult to them.  …
I'm sad. We have Mainland Chinese neighbors sa condo, and just now may nakasabay kaming babae (Chinese) with 2 kids. Sabi niya #BatoResign
Following victory against #COVID19, friendly feelings between Chinese, S. Korean people will grow even deeper, and bilateral exchanges and cooperation more flourishing, says Chinese President Xi Jinping in phone call with S. Korean President Moon Jae-in  
Woke Twitter pissed at Chinese cartoons again.
It’s out in Chinese, but there’s still a while to go for the English version. Good luck! 
2/20 #coronavirus #Wuhan Location: Wuhan Hankou Chinese Medicine Hospital The Wuhan policemen in white protective suits were arresting a man with strong resistance. You are not watching a Cultural Revolution movie. It is Wuhan now! 
I really hate the ResetEra inclines, censorious assholes because they think they’re doing something important and good but what they’re really doing is showing people why everyone hates Americans. They’re like the mainland Chinese tourists of gamers.  …
Nepali editors stand up to the Chinese government's efforts to impose censorship on their country. Nepal may be small next to giant China, but its editors' fortitude and principles are strong. 
Australian university offers Chinese students $1,000 to return via third country  
Thanks for over 200,000 viewing Thank you for watching our new MV released on Feb 18th! "Moratorium" MV  *You can select subtitles from English, Korean, and Traditional Chinese We look forward to  #Omoinotake #Moratorium #saezuru
Do people realize THERE IS NO ECONOMIC ACTIVITY IN CHINA and there will be no shipments of CCC (cheap Chinese crap) we all got used to buying in America? Do you need any medicine? Does  in plastic containers? Do you understand what this means?
#Saint_sup #MingEr Saint said THE ROLES HE GET GOT NOTHING TO DO WITH BL / BG HE CHOOSE THE ROLES BASED ON CHARACTER HE WANTS TO PLAY About work patner it will changed in future and on. Get it Chinese Trans: Crystal_Sky English Trans: KissSaint_CN 
To stop the spread of the coronavirus, the Chinese government has placed more than 10% of the country's total population on lockdown (150 million+ people).  …
Good thread here The virus hit to supply chains will last a lot longer than many are expecting (IMO, recovery in Chinese consumption will also be a long   …
When are anti-imps going to realize no one is impressed with their guilty self-hatred? Least of all those in "oppressed nations." One of the main things Iranians, Chinese, Yemenis, etc hate about us is precisely our lack of genuine patriotism; what they see as our nihilism. 
#Blackpink member #Lisa made an appearance at the Prada Show in Milan #FashionWeek 2020. It was her first public appearance this year, her golden suit fascinated Chinese fans！ #LalisaWearsPrada #LALISAxPRADAFW 
I’m free! The magic sticker that now allows me to leave  Chinese bureaucracy at its finest. 
‘For our enemies, we have shotguns’, warns Beijing’s ambassador – How Sweden copes with Chinese bullying – The Economist  …
Chinese ARMYs Pre-order A Staggering 700,000 BTS Albums  …
Chinese President Xi Jinping hails China-Pakistan brotherhood in phone call with Pakistani PM @ImranKhanPTI on novel #coronavirus epidemic, pledging China will take good care of its Pakistani brothers and sisters in the country like its own citizens  
The Trump admin—specifically war criminal Elliott Abrams, who oversaw genocide in Central America and is now trying to destroy Venezuela—is trying to silence leftist Latin American news outlet TeleSUR  after they targeted Chinese media outlets  …
people always use meixuan as a bad example when they talk about their Chinese idols making it in china because their group wouldn't  anymore but they forget to mention how they're literally china's hit girls & how they're actually making money doing what they love
The Chinese government have reneged on the promises made to protect and enhance their rights and freedoms. It is time the UK government reopens the BNO Passport scheme and extend it to give the people of HK the right to live in the UK. 
We're trying to make sense of conflicting numbers from the Chinese government. We have added 888 new cases so far today, including 631 new cases in Hubei province.  …
Live: Chinese experts and officials brief the media about sci-tech innovation in supporting #COVID19  …
Chinese agents contacted “Erkin”, a #Uyghur living in the US, and sent him a video of his father asking him to cooperate with the agents. Read Erkin’s and others’ stories of how #China intimidates Uyghurs living abroad. #NowhereFeelsSafe  
Africa, get your shit together and run those Chinese bastards out of ALL of your countries! How the fuck do you allow them into Africa in the first place, and then allow your children around them only to be abuse? ...in-fuckin-sane! #Africa #Africa4Future #AfricanFreedom 
And the Chinese want their buddy Bloomberg, right? Who’s more powerful? “Russia Backs Trump’s Re-election....”  …
The #Chinese regime’s top #Health authority has confirmed that the #Coronavirus can be spread through the air under limited circumstances, adding a new route of transmission for the  …
A funny poorly worded Chinese to English copypasta  …
They could of brought out a Cuban or Venezuelan flag for Bernie, a Chinese flag for Bloomberg, a rainbow flag for Buttigieg.....
#LATEST on #COVID19 outbreak in China, as of Feb 20: - 75,465 confirmed cases in Chinese mainland - 2,236 deaths - 18,264 discharged from hospital 
Chinese fashion designer Wang Tao recently said that people from different industries are all making contribution as much as they can in the current fight against the COVID-19, and she believed that the battle will be won. 
This is a Chinese diplomat. Not normal at all for a nation to be regularly saying things like this.  …
What was it like to spend 2 wks in quarantine on a US military base? Read this fascinating visual diary by one of my fellow evacuees, Blair Zong, a Chinese American woman who grew up in Wuhan. The part about saying goodbye to her grandparents...  …
889 new cases of #COVID19 reported on Chinese mainland on Thursday, 2,109 discharged and 118 more deaths. Latest figures: - 75,465 total confirmed cases, another 68 in HK, 10 in Macao and 24 in Taiwan - 2,236 deaths - 18,264 recovered - 11,633 in critical condition 
In the media frenzy surrounding Chinese investment, one group has largely been overlooked: the Chinese workers themselves. We wanted to change that. They tell grim stories of not having enough money to eat, withheld passports and intimidation.  …
2020 is the Year of the Rat based on Chinese astrology. Could a pet rat bring luck? 
Parasite is great but Trump is directionally correct that most mass market movies are shit these days because Hollywood is desperate to kowtow to Chinese audiences  …
The Chinese government is self-interestedly pushing the concept that all that matters is development--meaning GDP growth, not even the economic rights of the poor--and that any effort to uphold human rights should be subordinated. Autocrats love it. 
Live: CGTN visits a Chinese county to see how migrant workers are returning to work amid #COVID19  …
Hunter said he’s divorcing me bc I don’t like jelly beans but I’m here to say HE DOESNT LIKE CHINESE FOOD. Now who’s divorcing who!?
Coronavirus: China in war of words as overseas media cast doubt on claims outbreak is under control: ”Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said on Thu that media organisations that spread racial discrimination and smear China must pay a price.”  …
"Suspicions live on that #Nortel died at least in part because its intellectual property was plundered, as an upstart Chinese rival soared past it in the telecom industry," reports @tomblackwellNP in blockbuster piece. #Huawei #HuaweiNews #CDNpoli  …
Russia has banned all entry of Chinese nationals. But Taiwanese nationals can still enter Russia. (Did Putin just admit we're independent?") Even Russia knows Taiwan is not a part of China 
I wrote about this last month: Donald Trump is failing in his most basic duty as president. Dems *should* make a big deal out of that, lest our elections  proxy battles between the GRU, the IRGC, and the Chinese Ministry of State Security.  …
Splendid! This brilliant boy can make  to life, be it a Chinese dragon or a Lamborghini car, his imagination is his only limitation. 
#Saint_sup #MingEr Daradaily's interview with Chinese and English subtitles. It’s translated from Chinese to English. Please inform us if you see anything incorrect. Chinese Trans: Crystal_Sky English Trans: KissSaint_CN 
Ok but heres the kicker. Lucas is half chinese half thai and hyunmin is half korean half african...how the FUCK the look identical with no racial ties jsjsn like ole boy not even korean  …
Yc. I see bajans scorn Chinese that were in town and couldn’t believe it  …
#Chinese authorities set up a 9-person national #Coronavirus control team, which does not include any medical professionals. The goal of this team is not to prevent and provide treatment, but to focus on #Propaganda, arrest people, and block  …
The dwarf planet 2007 OR10 is officially Gonggong (龚工)! It's the first major solar system body with a Chinese name. Its satellite is Xiangliu (相柳).  …
An important point here is the Chinese Embassy’s continued efforts to blur the lines between the Czech Republic’s “One China” policy & its own “One China” Principle. As @michalthim has noted, the Czech Republic—like the US, UK, and France—maintains an ambiguous stance on  …
4chan user spoofs his location on Grindr to bypass Chinese censors---Proceeds to catfish gay guys in Wuhan province and ask them about the numbers of infected and dead 
Today I'm feeling particularly frustrated that Australians are still so ignorant of the difference between people from China and the rich diversity of people who make up  in Australia. National Flag of the PRC does not =  in Oz. #chinozhist
Beijing's targeting of the Wall Street Journal reporters follows an  pattern of racial profiling that the Chinese Communist Party often employs against foreign nationals. My take:  …
Just had Chinese... rip my stomach 
Re: coronavirus post I Tweeted link to earlier, allegedly by Chinese whistleblower: It looked genuine enough, that’s why I Tweeted it. But it may also be part of clever PSYOP to induce fear. I haven’t forgotten Bill Gates’ coronavirus “simulation.” Read all material with caution.
The US securities regulator said it was pushing the Big Four accountancy firms to ramp up internal controls on audits of US-listed  especially in light of growing business risks posed by the  …
A Chinese man has argued -- unsuccessfully -- that he should not be deported from Canada because he faced serious risk of harm from the novel coronavirus in his native country 
Fun Chinese New Years tribute for the King of NA drawn by the wonderful @namocchiart Happy Year of the 
Pompeo, No Credibility. “Countries such as Ethiopia have benefited from Chinese engagement, rendering Pompeo’s message less effective, said Abel Abate Demissie, an Ethiopian political analyst.”  …
U.S. manufacturers scramble for costly alternatives as coronavirus cuts Chinese supplies  
Two Original Acrylic Painting Lotus Blossom and Two Lotus Buds Chinese Garden, Home Decor Free Shipping  … (Tweeted via  
Chinese owners of Chinese restaurants are suffering because Chinese people aren't going to the Chinese restaurants so the Chinese owners want *Everybody Else* to subsidize the Chinese Restaurants. Do I have that right? You Racists.  …
Also before another person jumps in thinking they’re clever by pointing out his Chinese name: he’s from Hong Kong. A lot of HKers harbor very xenophobic attitudes toward mainlanders, which have only escalated during this Coronavirus epidemic  …
Support your local Asian restaurant against coronaracists and “progressives” who “just want to be safe” whether it be Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, Thai establishments etc.
“We support you, China!” Venezuelan kids express their heartfelt support for Chinese people with paper, crayons, and colored pencils 
Safaricom will consider awarding a contract to China's Huawei for its 5G network, despite U.S. pressure against the   
I'd missed this tweet from a serving Chinese diplomat in reply to an anonymous account that claims to be a mainland China-based supporter of democracy (h/t  …
SCARY: Fed has been indirectly buying MASSIVE amounts of stocks to pump up stocks. Now enters corona-virus with its DISASTROUS effect on Chinese economy. USA will begin feeling the pain soon. Then what does Fed do when banks no longer want to exchange treasuries for stocks?
American concerns about #Huawei are bipartisan & enduring. We’re not asking for #Europe to choose between China & the U.S. We’re asking Europe to choose European firms over a Chinese  w/ a long record of theft  in egregious human rights abuses.  …
Many takes now on “coronavirus.” This post—ALLEGEDLY by whistleblower Chinese intel officer—says it's biochem agent, was being developed to suppress Hong Kong. Says new Chinese “hospitals” are crematoria. sit FAR worse than media says. VERY bleak reading.  …
Zhang Liang Temple is located at the foot of Mt. Zibai, south of Qinling Mountains, Shaanxi Province. Zhang Liang was a great strategist and statesman in early Han Dynasty (206BC - 220AD). It is a beautiful Chinese Taoism temple which makes you feel stepping into a fairyland. 
CORONA UNMASKED: Chinese Intelligence Officer Reveals True Magnitude of China’s Fake “Coronavirus” Crisis – 包含中文字符版本 – The UFO Spotlight On…  …
Dear @nytimes As a subscriber, I'm fine with the $2 increase, but can you stop allowing yourself to be a vessel of Chinese Communist Party propaganda and accepting ads from China Daily?  …
Alastair Urquhart, British prisoner of war, is marched past "a thicket of severed Chinese heads, speared on poles on both sides of the road". War artist Ronald Searle captures the scene: 
Oh you know it’d suck so much if Chinese manufacturing was affected, but I’d hate it so much more if it became unprofitable for us to ship our waste there to be dumped, just terrible. I’d be heartbroken if they couldn’t dump any more plastic in the ocean.
Sign and support this campaign from @LibDems to protect the rights of the ppl in #HongKong! The Chinese government have reneged on the promises made to protect and enhance rights and freedoms of HK. The UK has a moral and legal duty to 
Japanese are arresting all "potentially hostile" Chinese of Singapore: Communists, Nationalists, civil servants who worked for the British, tattooed, armed, or especially tall people.
“I hope the heavy price [of the outbreak] will make Chinese  to realise that without press freedom, people will live in distress and the government in mendacity” Law professor He Weifang  …
Facebook has also withdrawn.  have withdrawn. MWC was cancelled recently because tons  pulled out from the event. It's not a unique thing to Sony.  will evaluate the risks involved and make decisions.  …
I wish Chinese people did taxes .... 10 minit
"The coronavirus crisis has exposed a far-deeper weakness: The Chinese regime fears information," writes Bret Stephens 
As Japanese conquerors celebrate their victory with a march through Singapore, their murderous mass purge of the Chinese population has begun. 
Three years ago, Wolves were on a six-match losing streak under Paul Lambert, including four in a row at home (same Chinese owners). Now they’re 4-0 up in the Europa League (and should’ve had a fifth just now). #wwfc  – at Molineux Stadium
$SPOM and closed with confirmation. Huge revenue generating  in. Don’t forget many  came in and reverse merger into $OTC shells and ended up on Nasdaq! Challenge is for you to find one this evening! I know 3 off top of my  …
Here is the letter that the Chinese embassy sent to the Czech govt, warning of retaliation against  if a Czech politician traveled to Taiwan. Full translation courtesy of @sinopsiscz:  
Peruvians be charging for that yellow sauce just like chinese joints be charging for Mumbo sauce. Give us enough and we wouldn’t need to ask for more.
9. Medical staff are now ensuring that patients will have a good environment to rest and use  of western and Chinese medical treatments to help the patients. These approaches can potentially prevent normal patients' symptoms from worsening.
The LA Times really raised the stakes with this one over the weekend--every op-ed writer now is just desperately trying to top it at this point, throwing every possible Chinese cliche into a word doc and hitting "send"  …
The Chinese technological revolution is overseen by an Orwellian dictatorship. Predictably, the Party has not developed the social, political or cultural infrastructure to ensure that its sophisticated industrial and biological research does not go rogue.  …
Chinese Blinks raised more alone for the new album than what KTL sold altogether in the first day, they are insane! Really hoping everyone who can will buy the album because it’s important for Blackpink! @ygofficialblink
China's Communist Party makes the Chinese — and the world — sick  …
If Bloomberg wins, America will once again  a colony. Instead of "learn to code", the new Democrat admonition will be "learn Chinese".
HELL YES a NYT Coronavirus op-ed  Confucius AND the trope of Chinese people as savages who torture and eat wild animals?!?! This is the mashup we’ve all been waiting for!!! 
A positive message on the West's chances of still winning the 5G war. It can still be done. Western governments just have to have the balls to stand up to their own wireless carrier vested interests, the Chinese are secondary. The tide can be turned by June if the will is there
Two new takes on the Chinese footwear giant's high-end running sneaker  …
The Chinese have a solution for this: ducks!  …
#NCYT BREAKING NEWS!!!! CNN interview confirmation that Chinese FDA is now also fast tracked. China is desperate for testing kits. #coranovirus not going away anytime soon. 1.4bn people in 
@BernieSanders @SenSanders We don’t want socialism! Democrat Socialism or otherwise! #MedicareForAll is Obamacare 2.0 on steroids! #WalkAwayFromDemocratSocialists #GoRed My Socialism Nightmare: Chinese immigrant warns of dire socialism dangers in US | 
The Chinese government’s choice to expel American and Australian @WSJ journalists is not just an attack on press freedom. It is also counterproductive at a moment when fact-based reporting can mitigate the harm done by excessive secrecy.  …
Thank you, Mayor Pete. And thank you to all the Democratic candidates who have stood up for the rights of Asian Americans during the coronavirus epidemic in China that is spreading fear and xenophobia against Chinese and other Asian Americans living in the United States.  …
Today In #KISStory - 1976: Gene Simmons, Ace Frehley, Paul Stanley And Peter Criss Joke Around With Fans And Cause Mayhem In Front Of Grauman's Chinese Theatre In Hollywood, California 
Simon said he wanted the $100000 donation to be used outside the party for attack ads. He was going to talk with Goodfellow and involve Todd McClay. He also talked about getting rid of some list MPs to make way for more Chinese. Wow. He wasn't arrested and he's still leader. Wow.
Those "coronavirus conspiracies" are so stupid. Most of them haven't been to China nor can read Chinese. I lived in Hangzhou and my parents lives in Wuhan. We have bean stay at home for the past month but we have plenty of food. Actually I got fat for eating to well.
#Iran's Minister of Health said that the people infected with the new #CoronaVirus in Iran had no contact with foreign or Chinese nationals. #CoronaVirusIran 
50,000 more Chinese students are expected to go to #SouthKorea before the new semester in March. Moon doesnt ban their entry, but tells universities to handle it. So Uni's tell SK students to leave dorms to make space for quarantine. SK students  …
Today, and every day, Boston stands with our Chinese and  They helped make us the world-class city we are today. Chinese Americans and immigrants are our neighbors, friends, and co-workers. They are Bostonians, and they are us.  …
Like we said for a long time: Lots of AI  from China, lots of surveillance, lots of mind programming from the Chinese, disrupting and undermining our freedom and choices we make daily! #BeAware #QAnon  …
TOMORROW: Chinese whistleblower Miles Guo @VOG_2020 and author @BillGertz join Steve Bannon to break news on the CCP cover-up of the deadly #CoronavirusOutbreak Tune in LIVE 11AM ET Listen & watch 
Feds stopped funding “Gain-of-Function” research —deadly organism made more deadly & more easily spread—in 2013 UNC was still doing it 2015 EVEN MORE controversial—they created a chimera  #coronavirus w a Chinese bat  …
Dude built a  for the movie set...this only happens in hollywood,Bollywood and Chinese movies...no matter what I'll force and watch the movie on 6th March.Asuwer my father canto #ALOEVERA
The #COVID19 #pneumonia may turn into a chronic disease and exist in the world like influenza, Chinese experts warned, saying the virus could attack multiple organs, not only lungs 
Gordon Chang: On Coronavirus in China, Its Impact on the Economy, and Chinese Influence Operations  … via @epochtimes
Factory work gave rural women a chance to escape the dire poverty and restrictive gender roles of their home villages. It has dramatically slashed the suicide rate among young rural-born Chinese women, once among the highest in the world.  …
Chinese Regime Deploys 1,600 Online Trolls To Suppress Information On Coronavirus  …
i’m at work and a 6 year old Chinese girl looked at me and told me she wasn’t sick, i said okay bby i know, she said people think i’m sick because my eyes. literally broke my heart, she’s six years old and getting shamed because of the “corona virus”
Because of concerns that innocent Chinese-American scientists are being disproportionately charged as potential spies, @OversightDems & @CAPAC are working together to hold this Administration 
There is no cure for  except the collapse of the party, writes Jimmy Lai  … via @WSJ
If #China does not provide access to the #WHO team--now shunted aside--the organization should pull out its team and advise countries that Beijing is not cooperating. Enough is enough. People are dying because Chinese officials are blocking necessary efforts.  …
Protest in China and at Chinese embassies around the world @ExtinctionR and you might be taken more seriously. As they share your desire to collapse the economies of the West, they may even listen to you. We have provided a map to 
Yang JieChi ( 4th right) - Chinese Ambassador 2001-2005 ( inner circle of Clintons) -Foreign Minister 2007 -2013 - Director of the Central Foreign Affairs Commission Office NOW - important player in SinoUS trade talk -Bush gave him a nickname: Tiger Yang 
“Bloomberg LP is so dependent on the vast China market for business that its lawyers threatened to devastate my family financially if I didn’t sign an NDA silencing me about how Bloomberg News killed a story critical of Chinese Communist Party leaders.” 
I'll be testifying on Chinese power projection in South and Southeast Asia for @USCC_GOV in 10 minutes. Livestream is at  …
I slid into the DMs of a few Chinese diplomats to ask them about their tweets. In the last year dozens have taken to Twitter (which is blocked in China). They are pushing back aggressively against criticism--on Xinjiang, handling of coronavirus etc.  …
if you're gonna engage with 'Chinese culture' you gotta engage with the fact that one of its major philosophers was a cross between Isaiah and Larry David.
fun fact my aunt calls me mosquito because it’s 蚊(wen)子(zi) in chinese
"For our enemies, we have shotguns" -- China is quicker to take offense, and retaliates more harshly, than in past. The Chinese ambassador to Sweden offers a glimpse of this more forceful brand of diplomacy. 1 of 2 stories by me this week on this theme  …
Din Tai Fung is so good sometimes I miss Chinese food so much! 
Four of my family members arbitrary detained in concentration camps since June 2017 and sent to prison by Chinese government. I ask the Chinese officials @ChinaEmbTurkey @zlj517 to answer my questions and I call all human rights organisations @UN @hrw to support the 
JUST IN: #Nokia is a global 5G vender with Chinese government investment. How do you think about the #cybersecurity risk to US 5G network?  
U.S. manufacturers scramble for costly alternatives as coronavirus cuts Chinese supplies  
Interesting summary of NCSC's investigation into Huawei by John Gilmore:  …. Bottom line: they're fairly bad at secure engineering but probably not because the Chinese government are asking them to be. Full report:  …
The 'Chinese version' of Thanks (or 'I Understand') is PURELY a solo that Jun performed on CYJZ which is why an OT13 version doesn't exist. He actually wrote those Chinese lyrics himself, more or less 're-doing' the original. Just.. thought maybe that needed clarification. 
Went to my favourite dumpling place in Toronto for lunch. Normally bustling, but today almost empty due to irrational fears and anti-Chinese racism. Come on people. 
More on #COVID19 - Chinese media @caixin reported that before the Chinese government released its own guideline about #SARSCoV2 epidemic, #Wuhan city’s  released two sets of standards for determining whether cases were related to coronavirus, creating 
Honestly, I'm surprised at the lack of reaction to this note. Probably needs a snappier title. But yes, I think WHO is run by an on-the-make politician who knowingly promoted bad policy and suppressed important data in service to his Chinese patrons.  …
Plasma from the blood of recovered #coronavirus patients is being used to treat some patients in serious condition in Wuhan, according to Chinese state media. Plasma therapy has reportedly proved effective in treating such cases 
Some Chinese business leaders are taking an unusual public stand against the government, saying that efforts to stop the coronavirus outbreak are hurting the lives and livelihoods of millions while contributing little to the containment effort 
200219 yeeun's insta live - she's waiting for seungyeon to practice dance - she made salad for dinner - asked elkie to do live and rap together - she wants to be good at chinese - asked us about dreamcatcher's new song and said it's a good song @CUBECLC #CLC
From @WSJopinion: There is no cure for  except the collapse of the party, writes Jimmy Lai 
#CPEC project platform of regional connectivity, prosperity: Chinese ambassador  …
Whether the subject is its repression of Muslims in Xinjiang, the botched coronavirus response, or the corruption of senior leaders, the Chinese government is determined to extend its censorship to foreign media by periodically expelling their journalists.  
A waiter at a Chinese restaurant in London’s Chinatown says business is down “by at least 70%” 
elkie goes on idol producer > she does extremely well and catches netizen attention and  very popular > eliminated last episode because it’s riggged ofc > returns to clc with huge chinese fanbase that we been begging for > clc 100k first day sales 
Chinese officials 'round up and execute villagers' pets to stop the spread of coronavirus' 
BREAKING - Patients with new coronavirus in #Iran had no contact with Chinese citizens: Deputy Health Minister about the #COVID19 
The Chinese government is a threat not only to their own people but also to the rest of the world. They lie, cheat, steal, murder, and their desire for power stretches far beyond their borders. Via  …
Coronavirus cuts Chinese carbon emissions by up to 25 percent  … by @drgitlin
"Espionage caused #Nortel 's failure" or "Customers lost faith": The surprisingly parallel tale of Nortel's fall, @Huawei 's rise and Chinese spying on Canada's late tech giant.  … via @nationalpost
The ‘pastillas bribery scheme’ for Chinese nationals started in 2016. How does corruption prosper? One only needs the right time and the right people. 2016 Duterte  to the Philippines, the province of China! Remember?  …
Elkie to join Produce Camp 2020 (Chinese version of PD101) as contestant - More Signs but Still Unconfirmed (Possible) Full Contestant List Leaked - Elkie as individual trainee Camp Addmission Date: 21-22 February Flight Info for Sale: Elkie to HK #CLC #씨엘씨 #Elkie 
The led will light up at 7:30 in guangzhou, China. Chinese fans love you so much. Hope you  to China more often. Happy birthday~P’Mew @MSuppasit 
Chinese authorities insist the #COVID19 epidemic is waning. Wall Street isn't buying  …
Six months before the Imperial Japanese Army invaded Nanjing, Chinese KMT soldiers invaded the Japanese village in Tongzhou, where they brutally raped and murdered over 200 Japanese civilians  …
Harvard University Professor and Two Chinese Nationals Charged in Three Separate China Related Cases | OPA | Department of Justice  …
With exception of trade negotiators and US ambassador, there isn't a senior-level US official below the president that has a functioning relationship with his/her Chinese counterpart. This is first time since 1972 that this has been the case. 
TUCKER CARLSON: "As China  more powerful, the Chinese government finds it trivially easy to infiltrate and plunder America’s institutions, almost all of them."  …
Chinese regime tightens information controls over the coronavirus outbreak, as people have increasingly turned to the internet to vent their frustrations. The regime hired 1,600 trolls, aka the 50-cent army, to regulate internet speech! by  …
“The lack of government transparency from the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) in dealing with the coronavirus global public health emergency is contributing to the  inability to resolve the crisis,” said Rep. Will  …
When people who defend the Chinese Communist Party's huge investments into Canadian fossil fuels it makes me so angry. The CCP gave the capital and moral permission to the Canadian government to abuse and murder native people who are trying to defend their sovereign lands.
Chinese  giant  is getting a boost in orders for household and food items amid the #coronavirus 
CATL Contemporary Amperex Technology Co. abbr. CATL, is a Chinese battery manufacturer In 2018, CATL announced it will establish a new battery factory in Arnstadt, Thuringia, Germany.  aims to have a global lithium-ion production capacity of 50 GWh by 2020.
I just read a piece in a reputable publication called “Why I Hate Chinese Food” and boy if I ever had imposter syndrome it certainly must be vanquished by now
"Journalists in the 1990s who tried to cover how Hong Kong, Singapore, Chinese, Japanese and Malaysian capital was pouring into Canadian real estate were accused of being 'racist' by developers and their supporters " Happens today too. #vanre  …
This girl walked past me and said, “imagine being chinese” bitch if u don’t stfu I’ll fucking COUGH ON U
No freedom-loving nation should be doing business with @Huawei. The facts speak for themselves. Huawei is backed by the CCP and is part of the Chinese intelligence apparatus. Why would any country want to put themselves at risk?  …
Would you invest into someone's business if you knew they had a history of theft? Now you know why Germany and Saudi etc will not invest into SA with ANC in power. Not even the Chinese anymore!
Wow. “Bloomberg LP, threatened to devastate my family financially if I didn’t sign an NDA silencing me about how Bloomberg News killed a story critical of Chinese Communist Party leaders.” Even though she didn’t write the story OR work for Bloomberg.  …
Somebody needs to explain how freedom of speech works to the Chinese government.  …
Chairman Rubio’s Project for Strong Labor Markets and National Development hosted an insightful debate with @RobAtkinsonITIF and @matthewstoller on the role #smallbiz play in strengthening America’s economic, industrial, and geopolitical strength in the age of Chinese aggression. 
Unsettling to see a Chinese subway station this empty 
RT kalau one of the biggest "my life is a lie" moment dalam hidup korang adalah korang ingat Botak Chin tu literally botak. Apparently a Chinese friend told me it's a Chinese phrase referring to a Chinese man yang takde kerja. Kah! 
Rights advocate #XuZhiyong detained on 2/15 after evading authorities for 50 days after a 12/26 civil society crackdown. Xu co-founded the New Citizens’ Mvmt believing that ordinary Chinese citizens should play an active role in their own governance.  … (1/2)
As much as Chinese diplomacy is hard to grasp, I'm still mildly disappointed to know from a senior member of @JosepBorrellF's team of the widespread perception that FM Wang Yi is top of China's diplomatic structure. He's not. Reading below:  … via @scmpnews
Weibo | BTS 200220 | Episode 38 Chinese Conversation #BTS 
Robots have been deployed in the battle against the novel #coronavirus outbreak on the Chinese mainland. Being immune to infection, they have  the human's critical allies in fighting the epidemic. 
Still No Signs of #Tariffs Raising Prices 4 #consumers It has been 5mo since latest round of #tariffhikes on #Chinese goods went into effect&still no significant indications US #consumers paying higher prices 4 goods  … #QAnon #QAnon2018 #QAnon2020 
Just incase you don't know why Chloroquine is trending. A Chinese experts, based on the result of clinical trials, confirmed that Chloroquine Phosphate, an antimalarial drug, has a certain curative effect on the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19)!!!!
If you query what’s mean on behalf of “lunch” lunch=中饭=Chinese fans/C fans 
No free people want 2 live under the New Evil Empire'sdomination. How #CCP treats its own people indicates how we will be treated. protesters have been showing mainland Chinese people the way on how 2 defend their civil liberties & humanity by standing up 2 #CCP's  …
Fang Bin, who exposed the truth of #coronavirus, got arrested again on Feb 10. Here is one of his last clips," Starting today, I call for all people to stand against the tyranny of CCP. I ask all Chinese people, domestic or abroad, band together..." 
In order to prevent the spread of the Coronavirus in China, the Chinese government has mandated the extensions of certain factory closures after the conclusion of Chinese New Year. Our factory has been partially closed and this has affected production time; (1/2) 
One day after announcing the expulsion of three Wall Street Journal reporters from China, the Chinese foreign ministry is standing by its decision, saying people who "maliciously smear China must pay their price." 
Chinese officials 'round up and execute villagers' pets to stop the spread of coronavirus' 
Hard to know what is happening on the ground w/ #COVID19 in countries without a free press. #Iran has closed schools/universities in Qom after 3 reported deaths and 9 suspected cases. #Russia has banned Chinese nationals w/2 reported cases.
Chinese ARMYs have now pre-ordered 770,012 albums Extended their already historic breaking record! #BTS  …
Mayor Bloomberg as a Democratic primary voter I’d like to hear more about these dates you set up for your 16 year old daughter with Chinese businessmen. 
Graham Mullis CEO of NovaCyt was live on CNN today. Applied for chinese FDA (takes 1 week) 50% quotes turned into orders Can fulfil all existing demand In multiple discussions with many different countries 
The Lieberthal-Rogel Center for Chinese Studies at the University of Michigan offers a two-year postdoc in Chinese Studies. There are no teaching requirements. It includes research funds and travel funds. The deadline is March 1, 2020 to apply. 
While we were distracted, @SecPompeo WARNED the Communist Chinese has been lobbying all 50 of our U.S. governors to make deals. These “deals” promise infusions of cash into state budgets, but w/ insidious strings attached that affect our FREEDOM  … #Socialism
Chinese state-run media taking a victory lap for the CCP's superior system and coronavirus management. In this People's Daily video, they're taking credit for the fact that 99% of coronavirus infections are inside China. The obvious takeaway is that China has saved the world. 
As of 02.20 23:00 BJT, Chinese BLINKs have collected enough money to purchase 78,809 copies of BLACKPINK’s  album (non-shipping back + shipped back to China). 职业黑粉操盘手吧 
"As you know, a WHO-led international team of experts is now on the ground in #China, working with their Chinese counterparts to find answers to some of the things we don’t know, including the transmissibility of the virus & the impact of the measures that has taken"- @DrTedros
As of 02.20 KST 23:00, orders for @BTS_twt #MapOfTheSoul7 (inclusive of non-shipping back albums) has reached: 770,012 copies 770K for MOTS:7 With Chinese ARMY's pre-order, MOTS: 7 has already secured #1 for Hanteo 2020 #6 for First Week Sales in Hanteo History 
Chinese President #XiJinping talked with Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan on Thur over the phone, saying facts have proved once again that #China and #Pakistan are true friends and good brothers that share weal and woe (file 
Then guess He meant 100 Crore Chinese people  …
A Chinese student died of H1N1 flu virus disease in Troy, NY. That's the swine flu strain. How did that happen?  …
[OH MY! CHI VER.] Finally this. Ngl svt is one of the very few kpop groups who can pronounce chinese lyrics like a native.. it's not 100% perfect, but it's already really good 
[MY I CHI VER.] Idk why but i feel like the chinese version of MY I fits a lot better, maybe because it's china line's song, but the feel  different than the korean version, afterall, it's their mother tongue. 
[HOME CHI VER.] Lemme tell u, when i first listened to this, i was shocked because rapline rapped in chinese??? (many kpop groups kept their rap in korean in their chi version songs) 
But what exactly is wrong with these Chinese people? is it that they are lacking food in China, so they have decided to eat every single living thing? 
Michael Joseph, CEO of East Africa's most   says the  operator will consider Huawei as a vendor for its 5G network despite U.S. pressure elsewhere against using the  Sisipho Skweyiya reports. 
Plasma from the blood of recovered #coronavirus patients is being used to treat some patients in serious condition in Wuhan, according to Chinese state media. Plasma therapy has reportedly proved effective in treating such cases 
Antimalarial drug confirmed effective on COVID-19: Chinese official 
#PresidentElizabethWarren is hyped by xxxx. She talks like the C0mmunist Chⓘnese Govt. I'm independent, and don't support either G0P or ƉNC, voting is a waste. Both parties=ControlledOppositions, presidents are not elected but selected by SecretSocieties+NW0 
EXCLUSIVE How China is secretly shipping Nuclear weapons to Pakistan via a US blacklisted Chinese shipping line COSCO involved in failed 1996 attempt by China to smuggle 2,000 dismantled AK-47 assault rifles in San Francisco to California street gangs.  …
This is a must read by @BJuweria & @TomGardner18 A deadly sickness is spreading through villages near a Chinese natural gas project in Ethiopia’s Somali region, acc to locals & officials. The mystery sickness bringing death & dismay to eastern Ethiopia  …
[ENG SUB] 200220 Weki Meki greetings to Chinese fans  … . #위키미키 #WekiMeki #대즐대즐 #DAZZLEDAZZLE 
Hello @IyawoThickaBody We are now taking orders for Chinese rice tomorrow. 
If you guys missed my weigh in yesterday, it’s up on storyfire right now! Lost 3 more pounds. I started this diet back in 2019 at over 400 pounds, so to hit 374 and be over 40 pounds lighter than that, feels pretty good. Having said that, Chinese bout to be lit
13. When in china, speak Chinese. When with an extremist, speak his language, or suffer his wrath. (Yes, you - learn to speak leftisttongue - everything else is hate speech.) 14. If you hate the idea of being rich, you will never get rich. I guarantee it.
Q: What's a higher priority for the Chinese government than fighting the coronavirus? A: Fighting any criticism of the Chinese government. Even though public-health experts say the free exchange of information is essential for curbing an epidemic.  
NATIONAL TEAM | The Steel Roses will play their decisive play-off round home match against South Korea in Sydney (Australia). In the Campbelltown Stadium, earlier this month, China beat Thailand and Chinese Taipei in the past phase of the @theafcdotcom qualifying. 
Nobody I know trusts anything the Chinese say or do. Yet somehow questioning the origins of a virus that has infected and killed more in a few months than SARS did during its entire multi year epidemic has  an act of heresy?
“There is a real risk [to] the open and transparent relationship between the Chinese scientists & their western counterparts. There are scientists ..[in China] trying to save our lives. They have been doing this for 15 years since the SARS outbreak.”  …
There is no cure for  except the collapse of the party, writes Jimmy Lai 
Michael Bloomberg has imposed Chinese style censorship over his own media empire as he buys and bribes his way on to the debate stage and into the Democrat party. The current Democrat front-runners are a raging Communist and a capitalist who  for the rest of the us
Chinese President #XiJinping spoke on the phone with South Korean President Moon Jae-in on Thur, appreciating  at the critical moment when Chinese people are fighting #COVID19 (file 
Fresh healthy food is cheaper than junk fast food in Xinjiang China - 2.85 dollars (20 Chinese Yuan) per serving 
Last night Buttigieg said the US needs to use "hard tools" to "shape Chinese ambitions" on climate. I wrote about why Buttigieg's plan to have a military response to climate change is profoundly dangerous.  …
Which graph is a data model & which is based on "real" #coronavirus death numbers? WHO data is such a smooth perfect progression - ZERO variation. With actual death data!? Impossible! At this stage though, if you believe WHO (aka Chinese PR) data, there's no convincing you. 
When Chinese supplier for armored vehicles was told by soldiers to get into one so they shoot at it to confirm if it’s perfect, he refused. They sold to Kenya equipment for corona and when Kenya same to them they refused. And you think Kenya will contain Coronavirus? Keep joking 
On this day in 1976 - KISS plants their platform boots into wet cement outside Hollywood's Grauman's Chinese Theatre! 
I love Chinese ExoL-s we (cherries and i ExoL-s) are the real ExoL EXO proud of us @weareoneEXO #EXO 
Facts have proved once again that China and Pakistan are true friends and good brothers that share weal and woe, Chinese President Xi Jinping says in a phone conversation with Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan 
On This Day - February 20th 1976. The mighty KISS do a photo shoot and put their boots prints in cement in front of Hollywood's Grauman's Chinese Theater. 
The impact of #COVID19 epidemic on China-South Korea economic cooperation and people-to-people exchanges will only be temporary, Chinese President Xi Jinping says in a phone conversation with South Korean President Moon Jae-in 
3. The accounts of asymptomatic people from Japan gel with what Chinese doctors are reporting from some of their patients.
Chinese President #XiJinping hails solid friendship with Pakistan amid novel coronavirus outbreak in a phone call with Pakistani Prime Minister @ImranKhanPTI  
And no Republican in Congress has criticized this decision because they fear Trump far more than they fear NK nukes, terrorism, or Chinese IP theft.
I have new blog post up, about the geometric ideas underlying both Lagrange interpolation and the so-called Chinese remainder theorem. It's pitched to be readable to someone with introductory algebraic geometry knowledge.  …
With all its #censorship & lies, it's no surprise the #Chinese #Communist Party has lost the trust of not only the Chinese but the world. No one's believing any word - or number  out of 
In 1995, the Chinese Government received $300 million in funding from the World Bank Institute to recover the Loess Plateau, an area as big as France, from desertification. The project succeeded and lifted an estimated 2.5 million people out of poverty  
We are pleased to announce a new addition to the team - 18-year-old rising Chinese star Daniel CAO joins the team as our development driver and will enjoy his first taste of all electric single-seater car in the Rookie Test at the Moroccan circuit. 
So far regarding the actual science - the virology - I’m seeing mostly transparency. Chinese scientists have been really good about getting their findings out quickly on ⁦ @biorxivpreprint⁩ @NEJM⁩ ⁦ @TheLancet⁩ ⁦ @JVirology⁩,  …
... when Spain sends back Chinese people as a precautionary measure. Deportivo de La Coruña.
Good point here , I wouldn’t of thought Iran was a top Chinese tourist destination. Must be quite a few cases in Iran .  …
 has warned of strained Chinese business.  …
There will be no breakfast tomorrow till next week Tuesday. We have Lunch in the Kitchen and orders will be dispatched on time. Chinese Rice and Full Turkey with Plantain Skewer #2000 To order send us a Dm now. Delivery is 700 within Ikeja Yaba and Surulere. Kindly RTW 
In Chinese we call hanbin’s act as “sending coals in winter, giving umbrellas in rainy days.” Many Chinese are in awe  to those foreign idols who are actively promoting in China, hanbin who is rather unactive was so considerate toward his C-fans. He is worth the wait.
Y’all have no idea how Chinese fans and even non fans are moved by hanbin’s donation. Translating their words into English can’t express their emotions. One thing is for sure, he has gained new fans and consolidated the old ones. They are all waiting for 
did i just read  saying renjun’s chinese is good? RENJUN IS CHINESE
fan: our ren-d has already hosted akdong seoul for 200 days! 20/02/2020, is this fate? during these 200 days, does our ren-d feel blissful? i feel blessed bc of ren-d even though i cannot speak chinese, but i can understand a little. it's quite extraordinary. +
Chinese M1 growth at 0% - OUCH! You probably haven't bought enough bonds (yet). 
A whistleblower said that majority of immigration officers are already part of the "pastillas scheme" or the modus in airports allowing Chinese workers of POGOs to enter the country seamlessly. FULL STORY:  
HK troublemakers are a political virus: Liaison office director, Luo Huining. There is only one political virus killing HK and it is from China. It’s name is the Chinese Communist Party.  …
sh1.8b to be set aside to build Coronavirus quarantine wing at Mbagathi hospital, I know it will be constructed by a  n local cartels must also eat? Now it make sense why they’re allowing flights from China, they want to make money out of epidemic
Cristiano Ronaldo showed his support and prayed for China when asked about his friend Wu Lei, a Chinese football player, in a live stream interview. He also expressed his wish to visit #China again. @Cristiano #coronavirus 
Chloroquine and Nitazoxanide, two very easily available drugs, have shown promise in inhibiting the Novel Coronavirus in vitro. Chinese doctors treating #COVID-19 are reported to have used chloroquine and nitazoxanide in patients of #2019nCoV 
If we are going to be adopting Chinese ways of doing things we should start hanging corrupt govt officials muone glow up by 2030.
The rate at which i have been craving Chinese is alarming.
Okay this is the type of boy that gets to be 校草(most handsome and popular boy at any school, chinese equivalent of American’s  king) like... everyone’s first love lol 
PM @ImranKhanPTI, in telephonic conversation with Chinese President, expresses unequivocal solidarity with Chinese leadership and people in wake of outbreak of #coronavirus 
Ahead of Donald Trump's India visit, jittery Pakistan PM Imran Khan holds telephonic conversation with Chinese President Xi Jinping  …
Should you tip your delivery driver? Everyone knows Friday night is takeaway night, but whether you order Chinese, Indian or Pizza will you be giving the driver a tip?
On viewers’ demand, presenting Chinese Chicken Fried Rice - just takes 10-15 minutes. Here’s the recipe video link-  … Love M #ChickenFriedRice #ChefMeghna #chicken #chickenrecipes #indianchinese #recipe #recipes #food #ThursdayMotivation 
A Chinese woman who failed to get face masks amid the #coronavirus outbreak decided to dress up as a giraffe to protect herself from the virus. 
Don't bother about him He's a failed  that couldn't make it out there without making stupid UMNO jokes. Ronnie Chieng is much funnier and is a bigger success  to these bunch of morons.  …
#SM just announced there will be no changes in #EXO members in response to anti-fans who protested against #Chen. #EXOLStandWith9 Chen's Chinese fans further demand #SM take legal action against anti-fans who have violated the law  cyberbullying. #ChenWins 
Ancient Chinese secret says: never trust a grown ass man wearing Bangs.
Footages of rocket launches seen from space are alwasy amazin. This one is the Chinese OS-X1 suborbital rocket launch captured by orbiting Chinese Jilin-1 video satellite on September 7, 2018 [source:  
What do Chinese people like to eat at home during the #CoronavirusOutbreak? Instant noodles are most popular, but sales of yeast have also surged nearly fortyfold. Here is why:  
Dear YouTube, This is just a reminder that, no matter how hard ur self censorship & kowtowing acts are, you will never be allowed to get around the state firewall. Bty, those countries listened to @WHO w/o closing their borders against Chinese r suffering the most now! 
After Chinese doctors discovered Chloroquine can heal corona virus patients, watch Chloroquine starts saying “no one paved way for me.”
We pray for Tibetans who are still enduring atrocities under the brutal Chinese oppression for their sufferings. May the truth of Tibetan issue prevail soon. free 
OFFICIAL: Sevilla have confirmed Daniel Carriço has joined Chinese Super League team Wuhan Zall FC. 
#Ethiopia: The mystery sickness bringing death and dismay to eastern Ethiopia  … "A deadly sickness is spreading through villages near a #Chinese natural gas project in Ethiopia’s #Somali region, according to locals and officials who spoke to the Guardian."
Awesome! I’m pretty sure these Chinese ducks could also be trained to take on the Indian army. 1 Chinese duck = 400 Indian soldiers  …
"Any way you cut it, a democratic Hong Kong under Chinese rule is as out of place as a square peg in a round hole," writes Joshua Wong 
"Qantas could dispatch a raft of special flights to retrieve tens of thousands of stranded Chinese students as soon as the coronavirus travel ban is lifted under a drastic plan being considered by the university sector." Not addicted to Chinese $at all  …
THIS CHINESE BILLIONAIRE IS A CRITIC OF CHINA. DO YOU BELIEVE HIM OR GOV'T? MilesGuo: 'in #Wuhan, 49 crematories have been burning corpses 24/7 for at least 17 days, each day, 1,200 bodies burnt.' THAT COMES TO OVER 50'000 DEAD. #coronavirus  02
One day after announcing the expulsion of three Wall Street Journal reporters from China, the Chinese foreign ministry is standing by its decision, saying people who "maliciously smear China must pay their price." 
EXO is a South Korean–Chinese boy band based in Seoul, with NINE  of Suho, Baekhyun, Chen, Chanyeol, Kai, Sehun, Xiumin, and D.O. that is currently on their military service and LAY currently doing his solo activities. #ChenWins #EXOLStandWith9 
In Chinese culture, many worship Guan Yin bestowing children (送子觀音). In Hong Kong, will Guan Yin bestowing toilet paper rolls (送紙觀音) be the top deity? Seen on Facebook:  
I called dsp today and asked for a live broadcast of a dongpyo's fan meeting. In particular, I said dsp would like to have a paid live broadcast of the f.m.for fans who are unable to go the fan meeting (especially Chinese fans) or other fans. and- 
Chinese Central Bank Establishes Work Team for handling restructuring matters in relation to Peking U’s beleaguered tech conglomerate Founder Group - In Dec, Founder defaulted on a US$273M onshore bond, citing liquidity crunch.  …
Prime Minister’s Telephone Conversation with President Xi Jinping. In order to demonstrate Pakistan’s unequivocal solidarity with the Chinese leadership and people in the wake of outbreak of Coronavirus,PM Imran Khan had a telephone conversation with President Xi Jinping today.
Cashing in on fears over the coronavirus outbreak: According to UK-based EIA, sellers in China and Laos are advertising a Chinese medicine product - ingredients include rhino horn and musk - called Angong Niuhuang Wan on WeChat, a social media app  …
STATE SAYS Sh1.3m to be given to Kenyan students in Wuhan for upkeep; Govt spokesman Cyrus Oguna says 100 Kenyans are in the Chinese city. 
DONE DEAL: Daniel Carriço has joined Chinese Super League team Wuhan Zall FC from Sevilla. Think someone needs to tell him about the Corona Virus. 
According to Chinese mythology, when the pillars of heaven crumbled and the sky was cracked, when all other gods argued about who to blame, wise Nüwa took stones of many colors to fix the sky - mending it by creating the rainbow, inspiring artists for millennia. 
CORONA UNMASKED: Chinese Intelligence Officer Reveals True Magnitude of China’s Fake #CoronavirusOutbreak Crisis  #WednesdayWisdom
DONE DEAL: @SevillaFC_ENG have confirmed Daniel Carriço has joined Chinese Super League team Wuhan Zall FC. 
China sendin ballistic missile parts to Pakistan & now objecting to Amit Shah visit to Arunachal. A message for Sinophiles in India that CCP cares a fuck for Pan Asian bhaichara & for them u are only useful idiots showing empathy with the Chinese state, espousing their propaganda
5. Good news indeed! The increase in the number of new confirmed cases across Chinese mainland (except Hubei) fell for 16th consecutive day. Since 3 Feb, the number of new confirmed cases has been 890, 731, 707, 696, 558, 509, 444, 381, 377, 312, 267, 221, 166, 115, 79, 56, 45.
Sad news teaching me - Chinese  from China are putting themselves into self quarantine. The catch is they are being given food by maids who also wash their clothes. Those maids travel back to their homes in Mabvuku, Tafara and other areas. 
Is the  government culling dissidents and using the Corona virus as cover? Could the 5g system installed in Wuhan be causing flu like symptoms? People need to start paying attention. The 5g system is a weapon just waiting to be utilised by the psychos in charge
Chinese banks extended a record 3.34 tn yuan in new yuan loans in Jan., up from previous 1.14 tn yuan  with the prior record 3.23 tn yuan a year earlier. Broad M2 money supply in Jan grew 8.4% y/y. below estimates of 8.6% forecast. It rose 8.7% in Dec.
Get out to your local Chinese and get some Peking Duck. 
data with Chinese characteristics. It's getting ridiculous - surely time for @WHO to intervene here and demand accurate  …
Bearded Muslims Chinese People Having empty seats next to you on the train
*Estimated 1.1 trillion in economic damage/loss *1/10th of the world population on lockdown in China *Cities with restrictions in Vietnam, Iran, & South Korea *Entry closed to Chinese from both Russia and Israel *South Korea numbers exploding *5400 under self quarantined in Cali 
I’m late but...These @MrEddieHuang @adidas #ultraboost 2019 Chinese New Year joints didn’t get the hype they deserved! Sick in person! 
“We stand together looking for the dawn. Everything will be fine.” Chinese singer-actor #ZhangYixing’s single “It Will Be Fine” co-created with his fans was released on Thursday, cheering up people during the fight against the novel #coronavirus. #COVID19 @XingPark 
Nepal's press freedom is under siege after the local Chinese embassy lashed out at a local newspaper and its editor-in-chief for reprinting an op-ed questioning Beijing's response to #NovelCoronavirus  …
World's largest  #Maersk on #coronavirus : Expect Chinese factories to operate at 90% of capacity by early March, from 50-60% currently
Hobi in grey hair teaching the correct way to sneeze / cough #Vhope speaking in Chinese #jhope #v #제이홉 
Students of the Chinese Class from Aitchison College in Lahore, Pakistan express solidarity with China in the fight against COVID-2019, which demonstrates the rock-solid friendship between China and Pakistan.We thanks them for their support. #COVID-2019 @ImranKhanPTI 
This video is disgusting as Chinese Communist Party never misses any chance for propaganda (this time with denial of women's rights) when fighting #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak. Having short hair can reduce infection, but is involuntary shaving 
#COVID-19 could  long-standing disease like the flu, according to Wang Chen, vice president of the Chinese Academy of Engineering  
She has a point. A lot of Kpop idols try to promote in China and build a fanbase there because Chinese fans spend so much money but a lot of them have been extremely silent about the corona virus problem.  …
Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) has been tested effective in treating novel #coronavirus patients, says Chinese respiratory specialist Zhong Nanshan 
In a rare television appearance, a representative from the Chinese embassy in Australia will appear on @QandA. He will answer your questions on the impact of the coronavirus and  relationship with China.  …
Lol what type of Xenophobic tweet is this. My brother wife, medical student in China. Zimbabwean citizen. Should she be banned from entering her home? Chinese National who is Corona Free: should they be banned also? Imika! Don’t be democratic when u choose the fascists  …
and you know whats hottest? jackson wang rapping in chinese  …
 are accelerating their adjustment of production structure to meet the huge demand for medical materials and equipment amid the novel #coronavirus outbreak 
This will be fascinating. For the first time, a representative from the Chinese embassy in Canberra will appear on @QandA. He will discuss coronavirus, Australia’s relationship with China & all audience questions. Well done @hamishNews, EP @ErinVincent1 & the #qanda team  …
FFS. They are not an Asian grooming gang! Chinese are Asian - were they part of it? NO THEY ARE PART OF THE PAKISTANI MUSLIM RAPING GANGS!!!!  …
[thread of me trying to translate this] *sneezes* belshjegh wait a second taehyung ssi oh hello eyy our taetae friend, your sneezing posture isnt correct! (in chinese) then what do i do 
Our new study on how coronavirus affect China's outbound tourism. Chinese tourists are REALLY sensitive to epidemics. Even if all travel bans are lifted in May, traveling won't rebound like other consumer goods. Panics last longer than virus. Expect normal in Spring 2021 
jackson wang is hot but you know what is hotter? jackson wang speaking chinese
Live: Chinese officials update on provision of medical supplies and care for medical staff in containing  …
“The Chinese government has created an enormous problem for itself by encouraging wildlife use. Now it must choose whether to favor the economic interests of a small minority, or the public health interests of 1.4 billion Chinese and the world.”  …
Experts fear false rumours could harm Chinese cooperation on coronavirus  …
The novel coronavirus is shed in the feces of infected people, which may help explain why it’s spread so fast, according to Chinese researchers 
The protection and safety of Australians is our highest priority. Today the National Security Committee of Cabinet decided, based on expert medical advice regarding the #coronavirus outbreak, it was necessary to continue the Chinese travel ban for a further week to 29 February.
Video: Chinese neighborhoods in the U.S. are free from coronavirus but not its effects 
“Bloomberg LP is so dependent on the vast China market for business that its lawyers threatened to devastate my family financially if I didn’t sign an NDA silencing me about how Bloomberg News killed a story critical of Chinese Communist Party leaders.” 
Chinese pet owners in quarantine 'walk' their dogs from their BALCONIES and dragging them back up 
Whistleblower Allison “Alex” Chiong named several Bureau of Immigration personnel involved in the facilitating entry of Chinese nationals for a fee during his testimony before the Senate on Thursday, February 20, 2020. 
My Japanese friends are thinking about postponing their trip to Spain because they’re afraid that people think they’re Chinese and attack them news of verbal abuse and even physical assaults have been popping up here and there and it’s just so disgusting to see all this racism
AUS universities are reliant on Chinese students. Our corrupt politicians have sold us out. We are increasingly dependent on China. Education, real estate, immigration, food supply, you name it. This issue is a symptom of a much larger problem. When do we address it?  …
Sost is a village in Gojal, Upper Hunza, Gilgit–Baltistan, Pakistan. It is the last town inside Pakistan on the Karakoram Highway before the Chinese border. It is elevated 2,800 meters above sea level. #VisitPakistan2020 
My @qz piece on "Suk Suk", 1 of my favourite Hong Kong films in recent yrs that will be screened at @berlinale, which is opening today: a peek into secret lives of gay uncles struggling to maintain a family life indoctrinated by traditional Chinese values.  …
China unleashes 100,000 specially trained ‘duck troops’ to take on swarms of locusts approaching China from its border with India and Pakistan. Each duck can consume up to 400 locusts a day. Chinese zoologists are in research of containing locust plague with genetic modification. 
Following the leak of an official list of detainees in Chinese "reeducation" camps to DW and its media partners, human rights defenders and politicians are calling for Germany and Europe to take a harder line toward China. 
Why don’t you just “black out” for a week? Sort your sh!t out  back. Or will the coal still be wet, the grid still be strained, will you need Cubans or Chinese to travel here for maintaining the stations? The economy is already f_cked, a week black out won’t dent pockets!  …
Spot on. #CCP #CoronavirusOutbreak #WuhanCoronavirus “The spread of the coronavirus has revealed a truth that poses a much greater risk to Mr. Xi: There is no cure for  except the collapse of the party.  …
Chinese eat dogs. That doesn’t mean that it is mandatory for every visitor to have it.  …
#CoronavirusOutbreak has magnified the deepest underlying problems within #China. And the absolute failure of the #Communist Regime in times of crisis. Chinese, global humans suffer. It all started with censorship & #FreedomOfSpeech suppression by #CCP 
I sporadically check DMs hoping there’s a juicy news tip there but 99.99% of the time it’s this. Various men calling me “dear” in English *and* Chinese even though I only tweet in English. What do male journalists’ DMs look like? 
Are you kidding me? Repeated tweet in Spanish? This is America. We speak English. No one who doesn’t speak or read English, is a citizen & shouldn’t be voting. You serve tax payers, American citizens & legal voters. I’m surprised you didn’t do one in Chinese Anti-American POS  …
Follow me if you hate the Chinese Communist Party But please UNFOLLOW me if you hate Chinese *people*. Your hate is shortsighted and it limits our chance of real revolution. The creation of free Hong Kong will require our Mainland allies, wherever they are Remember June 4th
Chinese fans showed their excitement and high expectations after #EXO member #SUHO confirmed Wed he was preparing his first solo album. He will be the third member to release solo album after #LayZhang and #BAEKHYUN. @weareoneEXO #SUHOSOLO 
The coronavirus has destroyed the Tokyo Olympic dreams of some Chinese athletes and disrupted the preparations of others, forcing them to miss tournaments and train in strict isolation -- sometimes in masks  
traditional Chinese beer chicken: marinate chicken 20 min w salt, pepper, cooking wine, soy sauce, 1 spoon Lao Gan Ma fry ginger, green onions, garlic and sichuan peppercorn +onions, mushroom, chicken, 1 can beer. 20 min low heat  …
Chinese singer and actor #WangYibo performed a finger #dance of the song #NeverGiveUp on Thursday to support #Wuhan. #COVID19 #coronavirus #王一博 #wyb #왕이보 
President Trump: Now they have a new member of the crew, Mini Mike, 'No Boxes,' we call him 'No Boxes.' He spent $500 million so far! Chinese funded his campaign Trump, we don't care... we gonna win!!! #Trump2020 #KAG2020 #KAG 
#70- MOST COMMON CHINESE WORD: 起(qǐ)-William Blake QUOTES  
Chinese users furious that Tsinghua cancelled Stanford prof Zhou Xueguang’s live-streamed open class without notice - he was scheduled to speak on Thur about his thoughts on what the coronavirus outbreak reveals about China’s governance  …
Reuters: The Chinese manufacturing engine that powers much of the world economy is struggling to restart after an extended Lunar New Year break, hindered by travel and quarantine restrictions imposed to curb the coronavirus epidemic and still in place in many parts of the country
One takeaway from the debate: Michael Bloomberg would clearly rather work with Chinese Communists than American Socialists.
On Monday’s @QandA for the first time ever the Chinese Government is putting forward a representative. Minister and Deputy Head of Mission Wang Xining will be on the panel to answer your questions.  …
A Chinese Long March 2D rocket carried four “technology experiment satellites” into orbit Wednesday from the Xichang space center in southwestern China, according to the country’s state-run media. FULL STORY:  
Federal judge dismisses Chinese tech giant Huawei's lawsuit challenging a U.S. law that bars the government and its contractors from using Huawei equipment because of security concerns. 
#China has reportedly deployed 40 industrial incinerators to the epicentre of the #coronavirus outbreak #Wuhan. Chinese media reports that the furnaces have been shipped to the city amid ongoing fears the death toll is being covered up. 
China has donated a batch of nucleic acid testing kits to Japan to help with their shortage as the spread of #COVID19 accelerates, says the Chinese embassy spokesperson in Japan. 
India Captures Chinese Ship Going To Pakistan With Components Of Ballistic Missiles - Indian Defence News  …
It’s no small feat to have a Chinese diplomat for the first time on #qanda. Good to see the Ministry of Foreign Affairs engaging with the  …
Only 349 cases of the novel coronavirus were reported today in Hubei, the Chinese province at the center of the outbreak -- the lowest number of new infections officially recorded there by China in weeks. 
We must stand with the people of #China against the Chinese Communist Party’s censorship and control – including for the sake of the health and safety of the rest of the world.  …
Whether it’s violence against #HongKong protestors, silencing the @NBA and  and now expelling @WSJ journalists, the Chinese Communist Party fears nothing more than free speech and transparency.  …
Lotta chinese niggas coughin in this theatre... 
A little known fact about being 1.5 gen Chinese immigrant: you are able to intuit nothing when  western last names. Just learned tonight that both Sanders and Bloomberg are Jewish.
The sole COVID-19 patient in Sri Lanka, a Chinese tourist, was discharged from hospital after being fully cured  
He's trying to get her to marry a Chinese billionaire's son. It's called dynasty building but y'all broke nigs don't get it  …
So, what is the big deal? You can always take your biriyani from your home if you so wish to. How crazy you are lady?! I mean, is this even an issue of concern? Learn something from Chinese, who ate everything and anything has turned into a vegetarian. Learn before it's too late.  …
Why is online gambling (POGO) allowed to flourish here in the Philippines while it's ILLEGAL  China? Is it really worth it for revenue generation by the govt in exchange for the environmental degradation, prostitution and  by Chinese criminals?
Michael Bloomberg is asked how far he would go to force China to reduce their emissions: "Convince the Chinese that it is their interest" to not let their people die. "India is a bigger problem." 
The Chinese government announced Wednesday that it would revoke the press credentials of three Wall Street Journal reporters, the largest such expulsion of overseas media from the country in recent years. 
Korean singer #KimHanbin has donated 10,000 masks to Chinese fans during the novel #coronavirus outbreak. “I’m eager to use these masks to protect my fans,” said Kim Hanbin. His action have won the praise of Chinese fans online. #COVID19 @SunFlow1022131 @jmhanbinnie 
Chinese soldier during 1937 battle of Shanghai. Cover of contemporary magazine Zhanshi Huabao #China #Japan 
Bloomberg defending the Chinese government (again) but promoting wrong info on them (again), this time regarding carbon emissions. “In all fairness, the Chinese have slowed down.” Fact check: False  …
You can't ask Bloomberg a question about China and not mention that he thinks China isn't a dictatorship and has heaped praise on Xi Jinping and the Chinese Communist Party. ARGH! #DemDebate #AskBloomberg
Bloomberg just had to sneak  to the Chinese in his climate change answer
