On brand for WaPo to be the useful idiots of the Chinese Communist regime.  …
I can’t believe this is a real headline in a British newspaper. The British government adopted herd immunity as a strategy, and ignored best practice from every single other European country, and then their media blame the Chinese when it goes wrong. 
Chinese Communist Party diktats also helped contribute to PPE shortages in UK - as brill @Stephen__Adams reports here.  
> NYC ignores warnings, encourages mass gatherings, hosts huge Chinese New Year mob - gets C19 bad > Lombardy has hundreds of thousands of Chinese workers - gets C19 bad > New Orleans ignores warnings, proceeds with Mardi Gras - gets C19 bad This is not rocket science, people
Is he being patted 
Are there 16 tonnes of it? And to be clear, this is not a knock on the people of China, who were victims as well or Canadians of Chinese origin. This is about the government of China. Full stop.
After this is over, we should start issuing Letters of Marque against Chinese shipping.  …
Trump couldn't rebrand it as the Chinese virus, so now it's the NY virus.
“This week the State Department has facilitated the transportation of nearly 17.8 tons of donated medical supplies to the Chinese people, including masks, gowns, gauze, respirators, and other vital materials. 2/7/20” This Administration is dangerous! @POTUS @VP
1- Pandas trending #Apink #1 everywhere like in MelOn & Naver 2- Streaming Apink songs in MelOn ISS #43 MrChu #84 3- Chinese pandas are doing great work 4- MamaPink trending as Moomoos helped pandas in streaming OnlyOne (Thank you Moomoos ~) 
Listen to the parody of a penned up parent on lockdown from the Chinese Virus. RT Comment w/@handle Add new followers Please follow 
The shipments originated from China and were being shipped to various destinations throughout the United States. Many of the shipments were smuggled in the bottom of boxes containing a single tassle, and were manifested as a Chinese knot.  …
Indeed. Chinese people inside China don't know the truth. It's our job to get out the true #CCP history via @Twitter to CCP propagandists twitter  …
Spain, Czech Republic, Ukraine And Now Turkey Return Faulty, Filthy Chinese Coronavirus Tests Kits That Only Caught 30% Of Cases - Xi JinLaden you r a fikking joke! 習狗你給全世界看笑話 #VirusChinois #VirusCinese #VirusChino  …
Do you trust China? If your answer is, No, then why do you trust the WHO, which repeats Chinese propaganda?
"Gentlemen, I'm displeased with the progress you've made on a cure for Chinese Cringe AIDS. For this reason, I've hidden aerosol dispensers of the virus around the room. You can find a cure or perish in the gutter like a dog." 
President Trump takes extreme measures against the "Chinese Virus" 
wake up Dick....the #ChineseVirus or #KungFlu came from #Chyna that’s a fact dear boy and anyone who believes the Chinese Coronavirus figures is clearly suffering from a bout of the Diane Abbots- get help.  …
This Chinese Flu is going to end Chinese domination of manufactured goods
"China" is a proxy & dog-whistle used by Trump & right-wing pundits, to scapegoat Chinese for their poor governance. It also resonates with anti-semitism, anti-LGBTQ, xenophobia, racism and other scapegoating used to mobilize their base. -Scot Nakagawa #AntiAsianRacism
Helena Wong ( @Seed_Change): "For Chinese Americans, this is a moment to not just be Chinese... use this moment to learn about history, to learn from alternative models that do exist, we need to make demands on the system so that we're ALL taken care of" #AntiAsianRacism
If Chinese state media is taking offense over testing error rates then you know the error rates are off the charts!!  …
Want to know the TRUE nature of Covid19? A bio warfare remake of The Spanish Flu. Brought to you NOT by the Chinese- but the disgusting family known as Rockefellers. WHY? $$$$$, power, population control. Started in 1917. HOW? READ  …
stop calling covid-19 the chinese virus. inspired by @nytimes article:  
"What has the Chinese state ever done to hurt us?" "Besides pandemics, subverting international institutions, undermining invention through industrial espionage, corrupting political/media/academic elites, the capture and subsequent closing of supply lines..."
Hey Greta  we can't just raise taxes on people to rid of The Chinese Virus like with Global Warming? #VirusTax
Icymi, this person’s whole thing is that she is from Hong Kong, and thus she’s Chinese, until being Chinese inconveniences her, and that’s when she’s no longer Chinese and think all Chinese people are manipulated and brainwashed
Yes, exactly. Let’s not forget Chinese Australians returning to Australia were sent to Christmas Island. On the issue of cruise ships, their cases should be reported separately. We should have a daily update, state by state, especially on the Ruby Princess
"The Chinese ambassador, Yang Wanming, recently suggested that Eduardo Bolsonaro had perhaps contracted a mental virus on his recent trip to the US that had infected his ability to think"  …
It's going to be really interesting seeing where all the Centrist and Tory pundits who were denouncing imaginary left wingers for being anti-Chinese (asking for proof was Trumpian) a month ago will land on this. 
ALL OF THIS is entirely the fault of the Chinese government. Fuck you if you disagree.
China's NO2 emissions are now rising, showing the recovery of Chinese industry after a two-month shutdown..  … Data: @CopernicusEU 
Look at Mahastra 4 spread to 17 and then 17 is spreading to million. Is this #ChineseBioterrorism or Chinese sponsored #PissfulTerror ? @RituRathaur @Janamejayan @DostKhan_Jammu @AmitShah 
Picture from the Mail on Sunday. Chinese markets are STILL selling lives dogs, cats and bats for eating. We need to #BoycottChina including 
Chinese mobile  data slipped out showing a dramatic increase in phone service cancellations- into the millions
Spain, Turkey, the Czech Republic, and our own DOH say the Chinese test kits are faulty. The Dutch say the Chinese masks are flawed. And TB Locsin wants to bring in Chinese doctors??? Let's just say NO!!!  …
A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives the rose. - Chinese proverb 
Chinese markets are still selling bats  via @MailOnline #AusPol time countries around the world isolated themselves away from China no buying of their products or goods of any kind no financial support of any kind
40k fi Chinese breakfast??  …
Lawyers working for the Chinese government filed lawsuits in Chinese courts this week charging the U.S. Centers for Disease Control, Defense Department, and White House for allegedly “covering up” the true origins of the Wuhan coronavirus.  …
MSM “China reporter” Didi peddling conspiracy that Chinese students buying up medical supplies to send back to China back in January when #coronavirus just broke out in China is a premeditated plan to attack US!!! These are the people who brings you China news in Western 
The Temple of Heaven in Beijing is called “Tiantan Park” in Chinese. It was first constructed in 1420, the 18th year of the reign of Emperor Yongle in the Ming Dynasty (1368 - 1644). It was the place where the emperors of Ming and Qing Dynasties would worship the god of heaven. 
Coming out of this global health and economic crisis, we will see the Chinese Communist Party for what it is. And we will see Taiwanese democracy for what it is.
Luhan is the first chinese singer to wining a double platinum record, for sold over 2 million copies of Reloaded I.He has 4 albums written and produced by him in his own studio. Ambassador of more than 10 brands, he won +30 solo awards and two tours in China, not "the exo member"  …
During this quarantine, i'm gaining a new appreciation for Chinese dried/preserved goods. Some staples I personally have are: -Dried shiitake mushroom -Dried shrimp(fish too) -Dried fish -Lap cheong(dried Chinese pork sausage) I use em in fried rice, noodles, soup stocks etc.. 
Hahahahaha Matt believes Chinese figures bless  …
V snr Cabinet Minister: 'We can't stand by and allow the Chinese state's desire for secrecy to ruin the world's economy and  back like nothing has happened. We're  like Huawei not just into our economy, but to be a crucial part of our infrastructure /1 
This administration has spent more time developing different arguments to blame the Chinese than they have preparing for the virus to hit our shores
And this isn't the first time. It's reasonable to presume that what's being apprehended is only a fraction of the total inflow of Chinese contraband.  …
This week the State Department has facilitated the transportation of nearly 17.8 tons of donated medical supplies to the Chinese people, including masks, gowns, gauze, respirators and other vital materials. These donations are a testament to the generosity of the American people
“No one dared to acknowledge mistakes during this outbreak. [The Chinese regime] is indebted to the people of Hubei," a #Hubei resident said. "They couldn’t care less about whether people live or  …
Again, this is why we should not be using Chinese official stats on the virus in our   …
I thank the Chinese people and their President Xi Jinping for sending a new shipment of medical kits and supplies, within the framework of the humanitarian air corridor  COVID-19. A sign that we have the solidarity of friendly [...] 
“The Chinese CDC said that people need not wear face masks when they are at home, in the open air, or in an environment where there is good airflow and no crowds. However, they should still wear them in the office, meeting rooms, lifts and on public transport.”  …
The scale of Irene's Chinese bar's support for her birthday leaves knets speechless  
The last thing you should do is use your bailout check and/or unemployment check to buy Chinese made shit  …
I'm due for a new phone...my Samsung S 6..over 4 yrs old....been looking at an Oppo A9...( Chinese ) $342...Guess what....I'll be buying a Samsung S10...at $949 ...doing my bit to reduce retail sales out of China...
Went from the Chinese Virus to the New York Virus. Trump is cycling through all his enemies. Next it will be the Cholesterol Virus.
The Chinese government has signed SEVERAL deals with #vechain, it will be beautiful to see these projects burning more and more $VTHO $VET (below are just few of many). #blockchain #cryptocurrency #china 
DOH discards some inaccurate virus test kits from China  … Philippines discards Chinese tests that were only 40% accurate
People will almost certainly die because of faulty test kits sent by the Chinese state as a PR exercise.
A Chinese businessman of a Electronic Tech Co in Guangdong ,happily told other businessmen in their chat group to produce fake Thermometer guns purposely, lower 102F down to 98F in order to spread #Wuhanvirus quickly in other countries, they can earn money &''make peace"  …
RT @EmbaVEChina: Chinese Ambassador to Venezuela, Li Baorong: In difficult times, the Chinese and Venezuelan people are together and once again demonstrate the consolidation of the increasingly strong China-Venezuela Strategic Partnership 
“The Turkish govt has cast aside a sample of Chinese-made coronavirus rapid testing kits after finding out that they gave inaccurate results... Spain revealed it had withdrawn 9,000 Chinese-made kits... A Czech media outlet reported faulty testing kits”  …
The Trump administration did impose travel restrictions between China and the U.S. on Feb 2, 2020. This NYC Chinese New Year Parade took place on Feb 9, 2020. #Wuhan virus quarantine requirement is 14 days. This parade should have been cancelled. Now we are all paying for  …
I think the world is waking up to the fact that these “aid kits” sent by the Chinese Government were more or less a Trojan horse. Spain reports the tests sent from China don’t work. The Netherlands reports the masks don’t work either. This has worsened the epidemic in Europe.
But why are Chinese diplomats, such as Zhao Lijian, allowed to continue spreading conspiracy theories on Twitter (e.g. that #COVID19 may have spread by the US Army to Wuhan   …
Chinese steering buyers to more expensive drug options! “TrumpPills” are cheap already manufactured & in huge supply. Other drugs will make Chinese a FORTUNE. As for Governors? Blue’s want to defy TRUMP. Like FRANCE ultimately they’ll admit he’s right & approve it Scott Adams
The WHO has spent months defending the Chinese regime instead of getting to grips with the seriousness of the #COVID19 outbreak. As a result it failed to convey the gravity of the situation to many countries including our own until it was too late. 
Almost half of coronavirus patients have digestive symptoms, study finds March 19, 2020 / 4:40 PM By Robert Preidt Diarrhea and other digestive symptoms are the  in nearly half of coronavirus patients, Chinese researchers report. Most patients with the coronavirus
The "China's faulty testing kits" narrative plays upon a popular stereotype and myth amongst the western public that Chinese goods are poor quality and shoddy. It's a very believable claim, but that's what makes it so deceptive.
NO !!! Patient has the right for informed consent from doctor. By law, doctor should be able to talk to patient in a language they both understand. You flew in those Ch doctors At the request of Chinese PoGo bosses ?  …
Dufus. They are sending back what you should never have given them. The Chinese have no use for Canadas prime idiot  …
I'd love to see the numbers on how many of those infected, ill, hospitalized, deceased from the Wuhan China Covid-19 Chinese Coronavirus had flu shots this year. Wouldn't that be a reasonable variable to ask to be surveyed? . . 
We're at war against the most deadly virus in the world: Democrat Communist Globalism President Trump is destroying them by exposing fake news & passing America First policies. Chinese Virus biochemical warfare is their WW3! @Solmemes1 Strength & 
If the Democrats will hide relief supplies in warehouses after a hurricane so they could lie and tell Puerto Rico that president Trump wouldn’t send aid. Just imagine what they’ll do with the Chinese Virus Crisis.
Chinese people will literally go their whole life without seeing a black person and still be racist like I just don’t get it  …
Whaddayaknow Cormann boasts about shutting down the borders to Chinese but not one question from @David_Speers on #insiders regarding the lack of monitoring & action on our biggest importers of CoVid19 - the USA #auspol
Yes, Trump didn't handle the pandemic well. But you know who really dropped the ball? China. They tried to cover this whole mess up. They're lying about their death toll and everything else. Let's get #ChineseGenocide trending. PS: The Chinese government is genociding Uyghurs
Chinese Real Estate Tycoon Ren Zhiqiang, who once criticized Chinese leader #XiJinping, has been missing since March 12. His son and secretary were also arrested. Insiders say Ren's case is considered "serious" by the #CCP. Even his friend, the Chinese vice president, can't help. 
Notice How We, are Hearing About Elevated Westerners being Infected by the Chinese Virus, but so far, Not the Arbiters of this Attack: The Politburo of the Communist Party of China? This Small Group of Godless Scum has Much for which to Answer. 
RT @Li_Baorong: In difficult times, the Chinese people and the Venezuelan people are together #UnidosVenceremos 
as trump mulls a quarantine for chinese coronavirus hotspots, americans are open to the idea according to morning consult polling, 74% support a national quarantine but it remains to be seen if that support would hold if one actually happened  
WHO: a pseudo-scientific, political organization, with lots of blood on their hands and strong ties with  regime.  …
No one: Barenaked Ladies: Chickity China the Chinese chicken Everyone: okay
Uncensored Chinese Report May Have Accidentally Revealed Millions of New COVID Deaths  …
We've lost so much time fighting #coronavirus because many politicians are 1) anti-Chinese racists, 2) focused on their careers, donors or stocks, or 3) just plain  not smart enough to know what they AREN'T experts of. By  …
No difference in the frequency of autoimmune disease between deceased and recovered patients in this Chinese series of COVID-19 patients  …
All those times the Chinese voted against funding the NHS........
all the talk about the Chinese century is a smoke screen. we will by ruled by the French Canadian Empire for 1000 years  …
Amazon Delivery Guy Spits On Package, Caught On Ring Cam. This Is Discusting, Horrifying And Possibly Criminal During This Chinese Virus.  …
A German sociologist writes here that Western responses to #COVID19 were due partly to seeing it as "Chinese" disease that couldn't affect "us" in the modern world. Measures/info out of #China were seen as authoritarian, untrustworthy, and  …
I know you are incredibly busy, but could we contract with a Chinese manufacturer (they have the scale) to make a smart thermometer a la  for every household in the U.S.? would parallel testing as a means of monitoring.
"Attending online Chinese classes  enjoyable and safe," says an Egyptian student who can continue improving Chinese language by joining online classes after school suspension over COVID-19  
The regime has formally asked China, South Korea, Japan, Germany, US, Israel and the EU for help fighting Covid. So far, only China is providing it. The Bolivian right has long attacked Chinese projects and cooperation under Evo. China is helping regardless. 
And on the one hand the white dude calling me, the Han Chinese dude, racist against Han people is incredibly funny but watching a bunch of nominal leftists participate in a genocidal setter colonial project is just horrifying Moreover, ICE must be destroyed
The most important is that the Chinese Communist Government is totally lying about their numbers. Their tests are faulty ( see Spain) They kill honest media who reported on what's really happening They've stopped testing in many places.
Meanwhile whites are blaming Chinese people for spreading the disease. Every person I know from China willingly quarantined themselves during Chinese New Year but whites just can’t give up one damn spring break  …
It's astonishing how dishonest the media is when they report the total number of Chinese Virus cases in the United States. They use zero context. They just report that we lead the world. Things to consider below
My sister lives in Mexico for 6 months of the year. Her American neighbours are telling her that they honestly believe that the Chinese gov is sneaking the virus from Canada into the US.
George Gao the director of the Chinese CDC says that: 1. We must all wear masks 2. Must isolate positive cases away from families and many other  we MUST follow @ScienceMagazine @aaas #covid  
The Chinese are using their “courts” to bolster their childlike lies that blame the U.S. for the havoc they created. Why do Dems/MSM always side with our enemies. Biden, now their biggest defender was paid off, but the rest? Follow ⁦  …
The climate changers give China a free pass on everything. Pollute as much as you like. Now that China has infected the world with a deadly pathogen. Same thing. It's the Chinese Virus. Or Wuhan Virus.
Most viscous and malignant people: A Chinese old man take off his mask & spit on Elevator button to spread the virus. Bad government, viscous people. You can’t see these on mainstrem media.follow  us. #Covid_19 #ChineseVirus #MakeChinaPay #uighur #uyghur 
Thank God If there is one good thing  from this horrific global tragedy, it is that policy makers around the world wake up to the truth about the Chinese Communist Party, its lies, brutality, criminality, inhumanity The road ahead is hard. But #CCP's days are  …
Wei Jia (Chinese, b. 1975) - Sleepless City, 2007 
In case you missed this: Spain announced last week it would return rapid testing kits made by a  since the accuracy rate fell far short of the 80% claimed by the supplier. The Chinese co. said in a statement it would provide a new batch  …
The old meme about Chinese products being low quality is going to make a   …
Tomorrow’s @DailyMailUK front page. It’s happening. Amidst all this death and fear, a glimmer of hope that the Chinese Communist Party’s days are numbered. 
The fuckin hide Chinese billionaire stands down 800 staff wants Australian gov to bail him out. 'Astonishing breach of faith': Private  stands down 800 staff - #ChinaVirus  …
Tips learned from Chinese experts: people with #Covid_19 in the hospital. Remember to advocate for yourself. 1. Ask for vitamin C/D/Zinc 2. Repeat chest ct in 5 - 8 days to determine mild or severe form (virus spread very very fast; my case = from one nodule in one lung to both
Australian Reporter Rita Panahi Takes the WHO, Chinese Regime to Task Over Coronavirus Lies China was so worried about making sure they weren't blamed for the virus that they did everything in their power to keep whistleblowers quiet.  …
This one reply  on posts about Taiwan has in his profile “rooting for Greater China .” My man, maybe it’s the Chinese iPhone but that’s the Samoan flag.
Did you know LACMA offers free online art classes? In this introductory course on Chinese painting, LACMA curator Stephen Little will guide you as you observe handscrolls, hanging scrolls, album leaves, and fans from the museum's collection.  …
There’s a video on YT where Chinese & Japanese ppl were asked why they think this about black folx. 90% of them said it’s bc of what they see on the news, TV & social media. They’d never even met a black person but It’s the MEDIA that portrays us this way 2 the rest of the world.
Chinese business people in Ireland have today donated: - 40 ventilators, - 200,000 masks, - 20,000 respirators, - 3,000 protective clothes Go raibh mile maith agaibh. 
Chinese Hackers Attacked Foreign Health Care, Military, Oil Networks as Coronavirus Hit China  … via @defenseone
Two NY State Troopers, who are Cuomo’s @NYGovCuomo personnel drivers, test positive for the Chinese Wuhan Virus several days ago. The troopers have been quarantined. Cuomo was at the opening of Javits Center. Why is Cuomo not being quarantined? @ChrisCuomo @FoxNews
Like the Chinese and Russians, many Democrats and their leftwing allies in The Swamp are similarly spreading misinformation about the United States’ coronavirus response — and blaming President ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩.  …
Like the rest of the world The Italians should be fucking furious. The Chinese-gave ITALY the #WuFlu  …
Just a reminder that a Chinese state-backed conglomerate ordered its employees to raid Canada's supply of personal protective equipment in February.  …
I was seeing a Chinese drama on Netflix and when they mentioned Selena I screamed 
"China and Russia have both seized on the novel coronavirus to wage disinformation campaigns that seek to sow doubts about the United States’ handling of the crisis," reports the NYT. So Joe Biden is using Chinese AND Russian talking points.
Virgin abandons secret plans for Chinese pilot school. Another bizarre twist in saga as visa businessman is charged  …
Dutch government launches recall of Chinese-made masks that do not meet quality standards 
imagine being one of these people and stomping around yelling about chinese people eating wild animals  …
If you think the Chinese have our best interests at heart... remember a few years back when their products were killing our pets? #NeverForget
I remember the day Minister of Trade @AmeliaAKyamb humiliated the then E.D of UNBS Kahuma for exposing Chinese who were duping Ugandans. His case? "He had humiliated Investors". He lost his job to Manyindo shortly after. If you don't go slow on Chinese, these guys will finish us
Pompeo Timestamp 2:52 Q252 Red Cross is corrupt and used as a piggy bank. Future topic. Diseases created by families in power (pop control + pharma billions kb). News Unlocks the Map Chinese Red Cross Coronavirus Corruption 
More enrichment in France... Since the start of confinement following the Chinese coronavirus, tensions have erupted in the no-go-zone of Noisy-leGrand Jihadi migrants refuse to quarantine & instead attack police and first responders - WHY Allow terrorists into our Countries? 
-Virus “appears” in China - they lie for weeks about transmissibility -infected Chinese spread across globe -China provides test to world 20-30% accurate -China provides “faulty” protective equipment Anybody doing dot connecting?
The World Health Organization should be immediately defunded and disbanded and their leadership should be held accountable for endangering millions by parroting Chinese propaganda at the apex of the crisis containment arc and allowing the plague to spread throughout the world:
@ArvindKejriwal #ArrestKejariwal Are you a sibling of Chinese. What china did yo world.. you are doing it to India... Shame on you 
Chinese Communist Party concentration camps are the contemporary version of Soviet gulags.
Is it one or two million of innocent people now tortured in Chinese concentration camps? Just asking so that we have the numbers correct.
The Chinese are probably lying about the extent of #Coronavirus deaths says a right-wing media who seem perfectly happy to let our government lie about the extent of Coronavirus deaths.
If you ever had any doubt about the  party's influence over the @WHO, this short, crazy clip, an @rthk_news ( #HongKong) interview on #CCPvirus with WHO official Dr. Bruce Aylward will clear that up. Deeply 
Is the Chinese Communist Party lying about the pandemic again? Asking for a friend. No. Asking for the fucking world which is endangered by the Chinese Communists again.
reading about the cut mgs2 character and boss 'chinaman' who was a vietnamese guy raised in new york's chinatown who was "more chinese than the chinese"... his speciality was special effects, kung fu and chi kung 
. LEFTIST FAILURE - MICHIGANDERS SAY TRUMP SAVING LIVES, but MICH GOVERNOR INEPT Michigan Man Credits President Trump for His Surviving Chinese Virus - Says Gov. Whitmer ‘Sentencing People to Death’ . Leftist 'leadership' gets Ppl Killed ...  …
first he added his chinese name on his ig profile and now this.. i don't want to be a clown but i can sense something 
When Wuhan was close to drowning, Chinese-Americans stepped in to try and protect their FAMILIES, FRIENDS, and PEERS, as all humans would and should. Chinese people now are desperately doing the same for theirs — plus their “brothers” and “sisters” in suffering — in the US.  …
The big mistake in the U.S. and Europe during the #CoronavirusPandemic is that people aren’t wearing masks; #coronavirus is transmitted by both droplets and close contact, George Fu Gao, director-general of Chinese CDC, said in an interview with 
One Chinese manufacturing giant quickly rebounded from coronavirus thanks in part to its emphasis on autonomy and microenterprises within the business. 
Globalism means you're the victim of a Chinese Virus pandemic, and you can buy cheap masks from questionable resources because Capitalism. 
I don't know if you can blame the Chinese government for opportunistic Chinese sellers making masks, but we now have defective masks and COVID-19  from China. They have no interest in helping us with honest data or regulating products - they are not our friends here.
What an incredible country we would have if these hysterical people directed their frothing, irrational anger at real problems - like, I don’t know, maybe the  who are 100% at fault for this plague and crashing the global economy. But instead “ORANGE MAN BAD”  …
This is senior adviser to the director general of the @WHO Reminder the WHO has parroted Chinese propaganda from day 1 & was only last month condemning travel bans against China. 
Since 2018, Trump Administration tariffs on Chinese goods have artificially raised prices on Chinese medical supplies such personal protective equipment by as much as 25%. "America first" trade policy now has frontline nurses wearing trash bags.  …
Over the past two weeks, President Trump’s overall approval rating and specifically approval of his handling of the Chinese virus have been spiki Trump’s Approval Is Spiking, And The Left Can’t Stand It  …
The groundswell of support has begun for Communist China to pay financial damages for the regime's lies and coverup of the global Chinese coronavirus pandemic.  …
In the last week, Italy discovered that the Corona Tests China sold them were defective. Now the Dutch government is recalled Chinese masks. The only thing China has done successfully is buy journalists.   …
Today, The flight carrying the Emergency Medical Supplies to Botswana donated by the Chinese Government arrived at SSKIA. The supplies include 1,000 masks, 500 PPE, 300 infrared thermometers, and goggles, surgical gloves, shoe covers for medical use. @Lems2 
CNN: USA is the epicenter for the Chinese virus because we have more “cases”. Reality: we have more cases because we have more people....but Italy has MANY more deaths. 
@realDonaldTrump @VP @CDCDirector #coronavirusVaccine2020 CCP has everything under control.? We are getting word that right before the CCP Wuhan Chinese virus outbreak started "" Chinese citizens and Hong Kong Were about to start a revolution Then the outbreak 
... The Chinese dictatorship unleashed a lethal virus on the whole world, then profits from it, and rips them off at the same time. ... Good people. 
It’s High time to Voice out the truth about #Covid_19 We have been played all along, our lives & health had been jeopardized for their Selfish purposes We are suffering for their actions & people are dying It’s Time to call unto CHINESE GOVERNMENT to #EndCOVID_19 Now!!! 
I don’t know wether there is any political will and desire among  to move manufacturing hub out of China. But the world is literally at mercy of Chinese monsters right now because they put all their eggs in one basket.
yeah blame is always with someone else. You Chinese monsters could do no wrong.
 … what if we kissed in the Chinese immigrant Franco bar in Madrid? 
Best Chinese takeaway ever..
Does anyone need more proof that the #WHO are in the back pockets of the Communist Chinese Government?  …
Taiwan is an independent nation. Tibet is a nation under Chinese occupation. Hong Kong deserves autonomy. China is responsible for the worldwide spread of COVID-19 via coverups and propaganda. Fuck the Chinese Communist Party.
Corona Conspiracy Hour #CCH ep 1: Chinese Urns & Cell Phones China reported 3,000 deaths but are shipping tens of thousands of urns to funeral homes. Also 21M cell phone accounts have been canceled in the last 3 months. WHY?? Real Eyes realize WATCH:  
A nasty disease pops up somewhere. The World Health Organisation's plan is that everyone in the world gets it, so we don't stigmatise Chinese people. Singapore & Hong Kong are full of Chinese people & weren't going to fall for that. They acted to protect their people instead.
1/3 More elite acknowledgement of WuFlu's Chinese Connection..  …
Latest case trajectories for major countries: • Turkey continues to look bad. Setting the pace for confirmed cases • UK cases curve shows no signs of flattening New reporting from @yuanfenyang & co on whether you can trust Chinese data:  
It is sad to see some trying to demonize medical aid by Chinese govt  such as Huawei to help fight Covid-19 in Europe, US or other areas. Such obstruction in a crisis is cruel because more people may die or get infected because they don’t get the supplies in time.
Chinese lie????? Perhaps it came from Chines bio warfare ? You know that test tube bat .... 
MSNBC states the FAILURE of the USA to react-in-time to stop the Wuhan Chinese Coronavirus from spreading in U.S. is President Trump’s fault... And that is why COVID-19 is spreading so fast in the USA What really happened?
"ST JAMES' Hospital in Dublin have today received 10,000 medical face masks in an act of solidarity by the Association of Chinese Professionals in Ireland."  …
America will be forever changed by the Chinese Virus: -borders will be more secure -essential factories brought back from China -more support for 2A -greater appreciation for family and friends 
I spent 10 days in Beijing during the 10th anniversary of Tiananmen Square to tape a show that ended up censored. From what I saw, heard, and experienced, I am not at all surprised that the Chinese government would sacrifice its own people for a lie, let alone foreigners.  …
After Chinese 640,000 test-kits were reported duds in Italy, now a report from Netherlands that says half of the 1.3 million face-masks supplied by China are defective. In other words, the only  coming out of China right now is propaganda. 
Fresh pictures contradict the Chinese government's narrative about the scale of the coronavirus outbreak  …
Has all of New York's citizenry fallen ill with the Chinese virus? Are New Yorkers dying by the tens of thousands daily? So it seems when listening to thug Gov. Cuomo, who's more of a talking head, crybaby or Chicken Little these days than a real & effecrive leader. *
This is my country! Please understand that the unmitigated hatred thrown at us here on Twitter from Chinese gov’t officials and their flunkies (see @shaunrein) is not reality. Times are tough but  …
Turkey, Spain & Czech are throwing out 1000s of tests sent by China because they don’t work. The Netherlands just announced nearly half of its Chinese tests are faulty. China’s coronavirus diplomacy suddenly not going so well.  …
Just because someone is from China that does not make them in any way responsible for this pandemic. You should not hate them or blame them simply for being Chinese. I CANNOT BELIEVE this is something that needs to be said in 2020. Fuck racism
How many countries has this happened to now? China sold other countries faulty tests now faulty masks to protect themselves against a virus that Chinese authorities allowed to engulf the globe  …
Chinese firms can offer to help ‘build makeshift hospitals for India’ if asked!  …
Wait, I thought we Hong Kongers were supposed to be the "violent rioters" (according to Chinese officials and state media). Looks like we still have a lot to learn from our great motherland. #china #protests  …
Yes we're facing dire medical shortages right now, but  that the neocons & liberal hawks who kept us apprised of the #of retweets from potential Russian bots (they didn't even know for sure) are giving us a new "tool to track the Chinese disinformation": 
When this is over, 2 months from now or 18 months from now or whenever, I am going to the Chinese restaurant with the giant turntable and ordering the entire menu.
China has announced emergency aid to 83 countries, WHO, the AU & other int’l organizations, many of which have been delivered. The Chinese Government & the Chinese Embassy in TZ will donate urgently needed medical and protective supplies to help TZ fight 
The Netherlands has actually ordered 1.3 million Chinese masks and the HALF were useless. “Several doctors closely involved in fighting the corona outbreak are concerned about the spread of unsafe protective equipment across the country.” 
#Wuhan is the capital city of Hubei province in the People's Republic of China. with a population of over 11 million, the ninth most populous Chinese city. @spcd65b9 #Covid_19 Click on a country or territory to see cases, deaths, and recoveries  
can anyone confirm the validity of this video? WHO has been disseminating chinese propaganda for months now. if real, this is insane.  …
In a war between the US and China which is what we are in now, the  government's biggest advantage is that it doesn't care about human lives, Chinese or not.
Don't buy #Chinese Don't buy from #China Boycott #China
Bolivia's regime will accept Chinese medical aid, following pressure from the MAS. Even the US client states are turning to China.  …
Dutch health authorities say 600,000 FFP2 face masks bought last week from a  don't meet the required standards and will be taken out of circulation.  …
Dutch Ministry of Health recalls 600,000 faulty Chinese FFP2 masks that have already been distributed to the hospitals - public news organisation NOS 
It’s not from China, it’s form a chinese supplier, there are thousands. Buyers need to do their homework. Putting this kind of bias in everything chinese is not very smart as China is the only country that has the capacity  close to market demand at the moment
This kind of behavior is disgusting. The police and soldiers were not deployed to brutalize and victimise the people. The war is against #Covid_19 NOT the masses. Have you seen Chinese soldiers or police carrying big machine guns and beating up the people ? 
If we learnt one thing from this pandemic, it is, never ever ever trust WHO! Bloody Chinese puppets!
6 Chinese business persons in Ireland donate 40 ventilators, 200,000 masks, 20,000 respirators, 3,000 protective clothes to HSE & a few hospitals. Thank you so much! @HSELive @IrlEmbChina 
Is there anyone who truly believes anything the Chinese government says ? ..... I don’t ..... just saying
Imagine this guy, who almost gave his personal cell number on live TV (see below): 1) with nuclear codes 2) negotiating with world leaders 3) dealing with a pandemic like the Wuhan China Covid-19 Chinese Coronavirus 4) remembering what Jill told him he had for lunch SMH. 
Wealthy #Chinese #tourists from places like Wuhan China decimating our wildlife by #shooting them! Chinese owned illegal Dude #wombat hunting safari lodge 707 Murrindindi road Murrindindi Victoria 
#coronavirus, #COVIDー19. These are the appropriate, medically accurate terms for the pandemic we are facing. Call it what it is. Trump and Pompeo must stop illiciting racism by referencing it as Chinese or Wuhan. This pandemic is not an excuse of 
It really doesn't matter if you don't like the sound of it. YOU mishandled woefully @andrewcuomo Ventilators in storage? 2 hours long press briefings? Not one peep about @BilldeBlasio saying "go to the movies" "celebrate Chinese NY" STUPID  …
Norfolk is the largest naval base in the world, and it floods 10 times a year thanks to sea-level rise caused by climate change. It's a national security threat that will cost billions to address. Hopefully someone mentioned to Trump the real impacts of his Chinese hoax.  …
*world if some Chinese guy hadn't eaten that bat* 
Good Analogy 30-40 million illegals roaming R streets who likely have 50% infection rate R ALMOST as bad as nuclear weapons sent out from Hubei Province(Wuhan City) 4 Chinese New Year. If they R NOT TESTED,infection rate in R nation could reach75%. Get them out now, if not tested  …
Chinese helping just Chinese in Italy - not very seemly given #COVID19 is #China's fault. The box says, ""supplies to prevent epidemic for overseas  from Zhejiang living in Italy".This is borderline racist. #WuFlu #Italy #COVID19italie  
Simple bed I made w/ found bricks. Okra, basil, mint, lemongrass. Newly planted Chinese Broccoli and Cucumbers up front. All from cheap seeds bought on Amazon. Houston has year round growing season, so that helps. I'm no expert, just put seeds in the ground and watered 
One thing I find supremely irritating about the left is they can’t take the Chinese government’s insane corruption and global ambitions seriously. Watch this unbelievable clip of corruption at the World Health Organization.  …
I remember when libs used to defend Muslims they were like "actually Muslims are the biggest victims of Islamic terrorism" so I expected them to be like "actually Chinese are the biggest victims of corona" but instead they're just like "China good. Fuck white people"
Not wearing masks to protect against coronavirus is a ‘big mistake,’ top Chinese scientist says  …
Not wearing masks to protect against #COVID19 is a "big mistake in the U.S. and Europe — you’ve got to wear a mask because when you speak, there are always  out of your mouth," says George Gao, director-general of the Chinese Center for Disease Control & Prevention
Uganda police bust Chinese gang with over 2,000 stolen cell phones #NTVNews  
A closed mind is like a closed book: just a block of wood. - Chinese Proverb 
1053 death Chinese & temporary crashed could well be an acceptable cost the  party if the United States& the world be brought to their Knees First they exported the #chinesevirus,victimized themselves,now closed the border to save their own asses. #ChinaMustPay
From @WSJopinion: The Chinese Communist Party’s initial coverup helped get us all into this coronavirus mess. We’ll need the free world’s innovation to get out of it, writes 
Chinese doctors have said the greatest failing in the west is that we don’t all wear them. Singapore mandated wearing them for all and cut transmission. It’s not about catching it, it’s about asymptomatic people spreading it #nobrainer #COVID19
So far, 21 aid aircraft were sent from China to Iran. 500 prefabricated rooms donated by two  will be sent to Tehran this week with a cargo plane, providing a 500-bed field hospital: #Iran's Amb. to China, Keshavarzzade. #coronavirus 
But not NBC News reporters for falsely spreading a manipulated story about a couple that drank fish tank cleaner, the former Obama Medicare head for accusing a hospital of rationing healthcare or the  official who spread propaganda about the virus.
I can’t be the only person craving Chinese food can I?
Sure...IF YOU BELIEVE THE CHINESE DATA. Again, why are people acting like this data has ANY credibility?  …
There are a lot of crazy things happening during these lockdowns But one of the cruelest by far is learning that the Nevada Governor has *banned* the use of hydroxycloroquine for treatment of the Chinese Virus, even despite its promising results How dare he intervene?!
Guys, I think the Bernie fan accounts with 1400 followers getting 19,000 retweets shilling for the Chinese Communist Party may in fact be botnets spreading COVID propaganda. Just a guess. 
#China What we can confirm is that there were Chinese doctors who tried to alert the world about the tragedy the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) would bring and that the  regime led by Xi Jinping silenced them. - @EmmaRincon  …
NEW: State Dept warned of Chinese, Russian, & Iranian coronavirus disinfo narratives converging in a global echo chamber & spoke about the CCP's propaganda goals not just to blame the US but to convince the world China is a leader in the coronavirus fight.  …
Corona Virus has slowly turned from Allah ka Azaab to yahoodi sazish to American agenda to chinese propaganda. Farigh awam apni conspiracy theories apne hadd tk rkhein.
News channels and governments have to stop using the Chinese Regime’s numbers. It’s all a lie and they screwed the rest of the world and endangered all of our lives in trying to cover up this pandemic.
At what point will the world stop trusting China? They unleashed a pandemic on the globe, and then send out faulty test kits! Spain, Czech Republic, Ukraine and Now Turkey Return Faulty Chinese Coronavirus Tests that Only Caught 30% of Cases!  …
@Google Pledges $800+ Million to Combat #COVID19 Including Free Google Ads Credits for Small and Midsize Companies & to the Chinese Propaganda World Health Organization (WHO). Why doesn’t @Google Fund the CDC or Research in America.  …
China extracted 861,400 cubic meters of natural gas from methane hydrate, known as “flammable ice,” during a one-month trial production in the South China Sea, Chinese state media reported on Thursday. 
“After making racist posts on Facebook directed at and blaming Chinese students for the spread of COVID-19, a postdoctoral student in the department of psychology at Notre Dame has been terminated from her program.” we love to see it!  …
PM Imran Khan has announced economic package. CM Usman Bozdar has built biggest quarantine center of Pakistan. CM Mahmood Khan has launched massive testing campaign. CM Jam Kamal has  huge influx of zaireen from Iran. CM Murad Ali Shah has lied about Chinese assistance.
Spain, Czech Republic, Ukraine and Now Turkey Return Faulty Chinese Coronavirus Tests that Only Caught 30% of Cases 
No its not a mystery 21 million Chinese turned of their cell phones , so the government couldn't t track them via cell tower triangulation while Quarantined  …
chinese weishennies are posting cute wayv themed nailarts ! one cfans posted designs for all the wayv members. and another fan painted her nails with the ten nailart design it's so cute and creative cr. kay009_ and Yeohennim_ on weibo 
Chinese technology is so helpful! Autocracy? What's that? 
The Hong Kong government’s proposed amendment to the Fugitive Offenders and Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Legislation Bill in February 2019 has thrown the Chinese territory into its largest legitimacy crisis since 1997. 
After Spain and Czech Republic, now Turkey discards faulty Chinese Coronavirus testing kits over inaccurate results  …
Updated my live #COVID19forMDs document w/: - Pregnancy study - Interactive maps - @ICNARC document - Chinese guideline, rev 46 - Lombardi exp - Seattle exp - @APSForg repurposing vents guidance  w/ additional  …
. MAGA MILITARY -- TRUMP SENDS OFF USNS COMFORT in GRAND FASHION Braving the Chinese Virus Threat - Trump Speaks at Naval Station Norfolk Send Off for USNS Comfort - Equipped in Record Time, and Heading to NYC .  …
Chinese 101 with Jackson Wang: Lesson A1: HOW TO FLIRT #갓세븐 @GOT7Official #GOT7 
This is getting more and more bizarre! First China was being blamed for "Wuhan-400" & its accidental leak; now all fingers pointing towards the US? Could it be that Chinese agencies now hitting back? Who gave all points to Amb. H. Haroon?  …
LMAO all they said “we scared niggas gon take our bitches” in Chinese  …
Canada's Minister of Foreign Affairs should not be amplifying the Chinese Communist Party's propaganda accounts  …
Heck, no other Chinese have a problem getting into the Philippines. All it takes is ₱10,000 at the immigration desk!  …
Have anybody heard on how are the tortured prisoners doing in the Chinese concentration camps? Just asking.
This brave women put her life in danger by exposing the Chinese government and their lies about the #CoronaVirus. Watch and Shame #China. #CoronaUpdate #ChineseBioterrorism 
We must BAN ALL P4 Level labs - even an acccident from a P4 level lab creates HAVOC - we can fix the ENVIRONMENT we cannot control BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS research GENERAL CHI’S secret speech to CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY 
WHO has been far too focused on toeing the Chinese government line. Taiwan is a COVID-19 success story. Refusing to even acknowledge it--as you can see in the clip below--is unacceptable. We're well passed the point of savvy politics to maintain access to China and Chinese docs.  …
This is an utter disgrace. Worth noting however that while the WHO continues providing evidence it is a Chinese Communist Party-controlled entity, much of the free world has sold out Taiwan for relations with China in ways big and small  …
Chinese Virus Tha Ya Zombie apocalypse? #Lockdown21  …
From GENERAL CHI’ s speech to Chinese Communist Party - we must ban all LEVEL P 4 labs this is the biggest Crisis we can help the ENVIRONMENT BUT BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS ARE NOT CONTAINABLE EVEN AN ACCIDENT WILL CREATE HAVOC 
"Why are you on TikTok, it's just Chinese spyware" 
“The first time Dr. Robert Redfield heard about the severity of the virus .. was around New Year’s Day .. And what he heard rattled him; in one grim conversation .. the director of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, burst into tears.”  …
While the owner was in lockdown, Chinese medical workers took care of the dog. 
For chinese fans 
The Chinese military surgeon who exposed the CHINESE GOVERNMENT'S COVER-UP of the severe acute respiratory syndrome (Sars) EPIDEMIC in 2003 has been under house arrest since last year They are lying now about #Covid19 #ChinaLiedPeopleDied  …
Pic 1- Chinese Virus Pic 2- India Virus 
Whoever is elected President of the Republic of Kenya in 2022 will have no choice but to RENEGOTIATE suffocating Chinese loans, or the economy  collapse. Take that to the bank.
Whether accurate or not many people do not trust the government assurance that masks are not necessary. When a Chinese team visited Italy recently it was one of their biggest criticisms of why the Italian lockdown failed- that everyone should wear a mask when they leave home.
Its high time to give India permanent seat at the UN Security Council & kick out China. China can't be trusted any more #CoronaVirus is a biological weapon of china. Entire world should boycott Chinese product. @globaltimesnews @XHNews @republic @CNN @BBCWorld #ChinaMustPay
Spain, Czech Republic, Ukraine and Now Turkey Return Faulty Chinese Coronavirus Tests that Only Caught 30% of Cases!  …
To trust  on their pandemic statistics is as stupid as to believe the  on the 1986 Cernobyl disaster. Totalitarian governments lie. That is their nature. And that is what is the Chinese government doing systematically.
i don’t know what school you went to but at normal schools we also learned about slavery, the trail of tears, native american boarding schools, all wars, the great depression, and jim crow laws. our schools aren’t propaganda machines like the chinese government.  …
As the coronavirus outbreak continues, members of the Chinese  have rushed to donate tens of thousands of masks to local hospitals to protect medical workers fighting on the front lines. ⁦ Via @DandanZou⁩ and  …
You most likely have an app on your phone that lets China monitor your activity. I do. Girls Frontline is able to tweet, remove tweets, and report others’ tweets, all through my account. Twitter isn’t a platform that can evade Chinese control for many reasons.
The initial images of outbreak showed Chinese people seizing over and dying on the spot. That was the initial visual shock and awe. Since that point Americans (& the world) have been fed a continued diet of fear & misinformation. It's trauma based mind control at a global scale.
I would open an investigation tracing funds to him & his party from #Chinese & #Soros linked sources in particular. We're the one big #economy that hasn't bent to #Beijing. The Dragon might have activated a deep state asset  …
Bad news. The Chinese government just showed up to my apartment and welded the door shut. Im banned from Uber Eats for misgendering my Butler so I cant order sandwhiches. I never thought it would end this way 
#Coronavirus: U.S.A. sent planes to Italy with medical aid but they didn't show off and portrayed themselves as heros as Russian and Chinese governments did recently. We have a saying in Kurdish: When you do a favor for someone, don't tell everyone about it #twitterkurds 
Chinese Diwali lights: 12 hours max ChineseVirus: Going strong since November.
Former Secretary of State repeats Chinese propaganda about coronavirus deaths, which was laundered through the New York Times. Setting aside the gross “joke,” she makes: The propaganda aspect is far more insidious. 
Holy shitting fuck. @WHO in "not a pathetic mealy mouthed worm  beholden to the amoral genocidal Chinese Communist Party wankers" shocker...  …
Why does the Chinese have such a high recovery rate? Hmmmm? Think think think
Or it could be the Chinese Government.  …
And this. Makes you wonder just how MUCH control & power China exerts over WHO. I thought it was only @DrTedros, but it seems that the entire World Health Organization ( @WHO ) is practically a Chinese organization & mouthpiece (slave) 
The Chinese government enforced lockdown and the people were not defiant. Their infection rate decreased and recovery started increasing. Here we have people fighting security agencies like we are doing them a favour by staying at home.
“My concern is that this cover-up, this disinformation that the Chinese Communist Party is engaged in, is still denying the world the information it needs.” @SecPompeo heightened his criticism of #China’s involvement in the #CCPVirus-caused  …
China is so evil. This Chinese CO deliberately export substandard thermometers. The temperature of 39 is only measured to 36.5. “The patients may not be treated and quarantined as viral infection. Let them infect more people.We can make US money and kill American at same time.” 
The 37 Chinese nationals have since been charged for conducting business in Uganda without trading licenses. #NBSLiveAt9 #StaySafeUG #NBSUpdates
Further police investigations into activities of Chinese nationals have reportedly placed them in crimes related to operating illegal telephone call centres and illegal holding of wild animals. #NBSLiveAt9 #StaySafeUG 
#Wuhan is open. Wuhan  back to life. Why ? Because Chinese people listened to their government and took precautions. They stayed home. They sacrificed their fun. They helped contain the virus from spreading like wildfire. THERE IS HOPE Let us do the same. PLEASE.
The nation’s confined to quarters &  have a captive audience, so of course they continue to show the same old balderdash such as Ready Steady Sleep, Saturday night Chinese takeaway, then topping the bill with reruns of The Voice! Is this a Covid/TV pincer movement?
UNSCREENED CHINESE FLIGHTS TO CANADA: You've simply got to watch this video of flights landing in Canada every few hours from China. No screening, no temperatures taken, no masks -- just some pamphlets. Why are we the only new media reporting this?  … .
Not wearing masks to protect against coronavirus is a ‘big mistake,’ George Gao, director-general of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says  …
So many people are going to be hurt because these reckless fucks couldn’t take something serious. Instead @realDonaldTrump was kissing Xi’s ass like a little bitch and believing fake Chinese numbers Entire lot of the US government is pathetic and useless #COVID19  …
The Chinese gov. waging political warfare. They're going to make this as difficult as they can for us.  …
While the Chinese Wuhan #coronavirusoutbreak was spreading, @SpeakerPelosi was signing impeachment orders against our @POTUS , @chuckschumer was helping it spread in NYC. @Green_Star1 @GretchenInOK @mgrant76308 @thetoyman1 @ezridersos @EricTrump
Journalists and international orgs need to stop repeating official Chinese statistics about Coronavirus without caveat that there is no way of knowing if they're true or not. And, no, that doesn't make you racist. It just makes you rightly sceptical of authoritarian regimes.  …
Joe Biden has issued a statement that he is sending a ship to New York to help with the Chinese Virus. He is sending the USS Minnow and a seasoned crew! 
“Coronavirus isn’t Chinese or foreign; it is global. Blaming alien forces, whether in the name of God, or science or simple prejudice, is bound to make things a great deal worse.”  …
Chinese Agent Kejriwal will be remembered in pushing India to 3rd stage of Corona pandemic . This evil soul cann't think beyond politics . His Ran Basera ,free food facade should be exposed to the public . Few months back same people overwhelmingly voted for him .
Tiger King is an in-depth portrait of a specific subculture that white people in general can mostly separate themselves from. Meanwhile because of "Chinese virus" all Asian diaspora folks- not just Chinese people- have to watch our backs
I'd watch the beginning just to see which Chinese actor eats the bat.
IT'S JUST A HOAX. WE HAVE IT TOTALLY UNDER CONTROL. DEMOCRATIC PLOT! IT'S CHINESE! NY DOESN'T NEED SO MANY VENTILATORS! MICHIGAN NEEDS TO BE NICE TO ME! FILL THE CHURCHES AT EASTER! ... we may need a quarantine.
Remember this? Geng Shuai is more than just an offbeat Chinese inventor, he's also an internet star 
When I was in business, my boss explained to me the concept of a ‘Chinese handshake’ in agreeing to a deal. Let’s just say their value system is not European.  …
You're trusting the numbers reported by a country who in mid January were telling the WHO there was no evidence it was being passed person to person, and imprisoning doctors who were blowing the whistle. Nothing the Chinese government report about response or scale is true.
The Chinese Communist Party can bribe or extort or cajole as many U.S. news outlets as they want, but they can't keep a lid on this forever. A lot more people are dying over there than they're telling us, and all the lies in the world won't bring them back. #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
Today I did my first ever 10k outside! Now awaiting a well earned Chinese and watching scary films. What you up to tonight? Hopefully not having nightmares about this picture. 
While we are all working together to save as many lives as possible I want to draw your attention to a former Chinese Defense Minister Gen. Chi Haitian- he gave a classified speech to CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY - read excerpts 
Chinese Virus Updates: United States: Cases:113677 Deaths:1898 Italy: Cases:92472 Deaths:10023 Spain: Cases:72248 Deaths:5812 India: Cases:1003 Deaths:21 Next 48 Hrs are Most Difficult for India WHO-ICMR both ensures that INDIANS aren't taking LockDown Seriously BE SAFE
Chinese people are grounding their feet in Africa though..
Trump is now considering a quarantine of NY, NJ and CT. So predictable! On Tuesday, he shifted from blaming China and the "Chinese virus," and started targeting NY, while giving false assurances to other states that they would be just fine in his rush to reopen.
#Spanish FM Arancha González Laya, after buying 650.000 defective #COVID19 tests: "We don't really know the Chinese market. They offer us bargains and then they turn out not to be" The  of the #Spanish government. #StayAtHome Source: 
Chinese non-contact thermometer manufacturers association: let’s make fake thermometers that reads 36.5°C when it’s actually 39°C, and sell those to America. Let more and more Americans get infected by the coronavirus. We will win without a fire shot, also make some money. 
This is false propaganda from Andrew Scheer and the Conservatives. The Chinese Government reciprocated back our generosity:  …
3 billion people are in lockdown across the world outside China. In China all domestic airlines routes open from tomorrow. Wuhan on 8th April. Factories starting, medical equipment exports rushing, & Chinese would start buying beaten up investments across the world. Sweet..
Oh noes! The dastardly Chinese and Russians are making us believe our eyes and ears!
It is a great strategy to quarantine the places that are most infected by the Chinese Virus. Especially since they are also the most poorly run states in our union.
This reminds me of the Chinese Dr. who tried to warn of the virus. He was arrested, infected and died.  …
The world is being devastated by a corona virus whose origins are not being made absolutely clear -what is ABSOLUTELY CLEAR IS FORMER CHINESE DEFENSE MINISTER GENERAL CHI HAOTIAN’S speech to  party read the world MUST BAN P4 level Virology Labs they are deadly
That's an amazing observation! That's spot on! We haven't been called lately about our car warranty, time share, credit card, or whatever those Chinese robo calls were about. Guess the robo  have the virus.
Shame on Mr. Scheer again and again for putting pure partisanship ahead of offering any real solution. In fact the Chinese government is now sending supplies here. Mr. Scheer you disgust me and I suspect millions of others as well.
This democrat/Chinese propaganda operative needs to be shut down in the interest of national security.  …
After the need for healthcare providers/first responders is met, everyone should start wearing masks in public. I agree with Dr Gao of Oxford, Harvard, & now head of Chinese CDC that asymptomatic #COVID19 transmission is a risk for those not wearing masks.  
Thanks to efforts of  of Wilkins hospital  China United with Zim in fighting the Covid-19. 
Just imagine: had we not elected this man president his only contribution to the pandemic response would be tweeting about Chinese supply chains and doing what Madonna and Gal Gadot are doing on the Internet: 
Is N.Y. Time right that white evangelicals are to blame for crisis?  … No Christians are not to blame for the WuhanVirus, the Chinese are. That's a fact #KAG #TAP #RememberInNovember #VoteRedToSaveAmerica #TRUMP2020
The crude and heavy-handed tactics of China force international organizations to bend to its will. Our press is more interested in using Chinese propaganda to criticize Trump than in investigating how China actually operates.  …
My mandarin isn't the best but I can try to translate. Chinese porn sites have been revealed to be distributing child pornography to 8.6 million users. This has been dubbed the chinese version of the nth room.  …
How did @HEB prepare for the coronavirus pandemic? The grocer  with Chinese counterparts in January and was running tabletop simulations a few weeks later. (But nothing prepared it for the rush on toilet paper.)  …
It literally DOES matter when the media is happily running along with the narrative that we are the worst at containing the virus. They are spreading Chinese Propaganda. FYI, our mortality rate continues to drop. Have a nice day.  …
let's support these girls, sharon wang and aria jin in the chinese survival show 'youth with you' (qcyn2). they are both former sm trainees 
Simple correction Not creep, “Mass Murderer” He is responsible for Delhi Hindu Genocide and now for spreading Chinese virus to all states in India.
Chinese Commerce Minister Zhongshan&Austrian Minister of Economy M. Schramböck took a nice phone call today to implement the  reached by Chinese Premier LI Keqiang&Austrian Chancellor @sebastiankurz yesterday. & will strengthen the cooperation  
This is what Chinese power looks like.  …
Murphy is now a dictator. The cure is worse than the Chinese Flu. Counties with little outbreak need to start opening up so we can keep our sanity. This clown has no plan, no end game. Instead of planning he was worried about windmills and illegals.
Private equity firm fires doctor whistleblower talking about PPE and #coronavirus. Private equity in the US is fulfilling the role of the Chinese state in crushing whistleblowers. TeamHealth owner is Blackstone.  …
@missjjess may God bless your new age , keep aging like fine wine hope i will get my share of the cake that’s if i survive the Chinese virus lol . Love you to bits X . Keep safe 
Blinded by Beijing: The World Health Organization(WHO) Director is a China-Funded Marxist Revolutionary "Tedros is so deeply in bed with the Chinese Communist Party that he and WHO should be ignored when  to dealing with the Chinese coronavirus."  …
Relax. Chinese women don’t even have no ass. We  over there. And we don’t even fuck with y’all like that.  …
Chinese Restaurant Hangs Banner ‘Celebrating the Epidemic in the U.S.’ 
The Health Ministry has started evaluating new South Korean and Chinese test kits for #Covid19 at the Sungai Buloh Hospital and is looking to ramp up testing. Read more at  
 are together with Pakistan in fighting coronavirus:  shows solidarity with Pakistani people in the fight against COVID-19 #ChinaPakSolidarity @ArifAlvi @ImranKhanPTI @ForeignOfficePk @zfrmrza @MFA_China @zlj517 @WorldPTV 
You are the world leader. Take the first step. Expose china. Shift all manufacturing units to India and other EM markets. Boycott  They have blood in their hands Walk the talk @realDonaldTrump And @WHO ?? Are you Chinese agent ?  …
Theory: This Chinese virus pandemic....once you look at the timing, origin, and everything surround it....seems like a chess move. It’s a match between globalist vs Team Trump. The question is...who’s currently ahead? Things may not be what they seem. This is just a theory doe.
Important to remember indeed. Rather than the advent of a Chinese century, recent years has seen the erosion of global structures from the inside.  …
I’d say the Chinese numbers haven’t urned our respect.  …
Apart from the Chinese Communist Party, the greatest danger to the free world is our left leaning main stream media. They are and have been wrong on so many issues. That is why many people have turned to internet sites to get a balanced rational view of reality.
idk about the chinese case but in korea a couple reporters and college students found out first and did their research on it for a few months themselves and they’re now suffering from mental illness + trauma :(
A global pandemic is caused by a failure of governance. We have to hold those who failed accountable, beginning with the Chinese government, Paul D. Miller writes. 
WHAT?!? What are you trying to do to us, Duterte admin? We are NOT a Chinese colony, nor a province of China! We DO NOT need Chinese doctors here!  …
#stopthewhitewash Three of my Pakistani friends are NHS doctors, a Chinese friend is a midwife, a Thai friend is a nurse, an Arab friend is a dentist and two of my relatives work as a gynaecologist. You won’t see any credit given to people of colour by our tabloid trash.
— Barça will deliver 30,000 masks to the Generalitat. They have been donated by the Chinese  Taiping Life Insurance , the club's regional sponsor. [md] 
This confirms suspicions that the WHO has  a tool of the Chinese Communist Party. Thousands have died because of this corruption at the UN World Health Organization. They can never be trusted again.  …
“I like them black, white, Puerto Rican or Haitian./Like Japanese, Chinese, or even Asian.”- Chingy
Timing matters immensely. Had Chinese officials had relaxed restrictions at the beginning of March, the Chinese population could have experienced a second wave of infections as early as August. 
The Chinese model of mass roundups of citizens and extensive surveillance...is not, or shouldn’t be, exportable to democracies-and democracies like South Korea & Taiwan have, through their own successes against the virus, proved that authoritarianism isn't the required ingredient  …
Translation: "The Americans saw a bat and Batman was born, The Europeans saw a bat and Dracula was born, But the fucking Chinese had to make a soup." 
Before January, I tended to identify as just Chinese instead of Wuhanese. That's changed. For @FutureTenseNow, I wrote about the experience of living through the #COVID19 outbreak twice. Thank you to @rzhongnotes, @ZeyiYang, @ivylala for speaking with  …
Imagine being this owned by the Chinese Communist Party.  …
Ha ha ha.!! Aliens arrive. Not to worry, call the Chinese they’ll eat them.!!
Urn deliveries in Wuhan raise questions about China's ACTUAL coronavirus death toll—3,299 deaths REPORTED in ALL OF CHINA, but just ONE funeral home received shipments of 10,000 urns over the course of two days, according to Chinese media outlet Caixin.  …
this idea is only plausible in the minds of people who know very little about china bc only someone with a parody understanding of how Chinese censorship works can imagine that 21 million ppl can die and nobody will notice at all, nonetheless foreigners who live there full time
If there’s any silver lining to the Chinese Virus it’s that we are back to fighting the Commies.  …
Nope that’s not it African leaders take loans from Chinese banks that they can’t afford to pay back they only way they can settle it is through giving up land and turning a blind eye to what the  does in Africa
Very fast Chinese lesbian running at incredible high speed. Been doing an awful lot of run cycles for work lately, so I thought I'd try this out. #ChainsawMan 
I miss my Chinese friends and business partners 
For update please…Chinese 
my mum just said "I fancy a Chinese but I'm too scared because off corona" I'm done LMFAOOOOOOOOO
Wuhan, the Chinese city where coronavirus began, starts easing restrictions after two months of quarantine  …
Please pray for the Chinese people whose phones went silent. 21 million people’s phones got deactivated. Pray for their safety and their conversion.
We have small numbers of ventilators in Africa. For eg, Mali and Mozambique have 1 per 1 million people. I am working to aggregate demand for ventilators and work with a Chinese manufacturer to mass produce. If you know hospitals looking for some, let me know.
Just got off a call with Chinese President Xi. Discussed the CoronaVirus and the TV show The Bachelor - which he's NEVER seen! Fake News will probably say I took a big risk by talking to Xi, but I DID wear a mask AND washed my hands as soon as I got off the call. I'm not stupide!
Taiwan is thrilled, as Beijing has induced several countries to cut ties with Taipei since 2016. Chinese Communist Party fumes: the law will 'seriously disrupt...cooperation in major fields and will eventually hurt the interests of the United States'  …
MyPOV: what’s the conspiracy theory? The facts have been laid out there for you to see. A #coronavirus emerged fr Wuhan China as early as Nov 2019 A coverup as early as January with the @who and Chinese Communist Party caused a pandemic Trillions of dollars and 1000s of deaths
A 101-year-old Italian man born during the Spanish flu pandemic left the hospital on Thursday after beating the Chinese coronavirus. 
Wow, that Chinese mobile game has nice hair physics! #DOA6 
We've known for months that the Chinese handles this with fever clinics and there isn't one in the US yet.  …
Have you guys seen what Police found in the home of the 40 Chinese guys they arrested yesterday!? They had a room having like 1,000 smartphones all of which are connected to internet & a power source which they use to con fellow Chinese back home using WeChat! #NTVNews
Phrases like “worse than Wuhan” implies that you know how bad Wuhan was/is. The idea such a thing is even knowable right now is *literally* Chinese government propaganda...
It’s been a rubbish winter for astronomy but the last few days have been better. Here we have: M1 - the Crab Nebula. This is the remnant of a supernova in Taurus that exploded in 1054. We know that as Chinese astronomers thoughtfully recorded the event. 
Percentage of Americans who think that the Chinese government is sometimes or very often a source of disinformation : 36 Who think that CNN is : 36 #HarpersIndex 
Liberal politicians like @gretchenwhitmer putting politics before the survival of people is a disgrace! She nor any of the others have treated the 1st patient sick with the Chinese Virus yet she bans doctors from prescribing the lifesaving drugs!  …
Folks, According to Sleazy, Creepy, Sleepy, Lying @JoeBiden: It’s not Chinese It’s not Coronavirus It’s not Wuhan Virus It’s LUHAN VIRUS! Throw the damn towel Moe!! 
China has donated thousands of medical supplies to Canada to aid in the fight against the COVID-19, according to the Chinese Embassy.  …
"Democracy has helped us tackle Chinese Kung Flu better" -No government will say ever
Doesn't matter if he's malay or Indian or Chinese what matters is he's an ass and should be held accountable
Chinese have been stealing phones from Ugandans to use them for Bufere
Seems massive DELHI exodus is largely a 'FORCED EXODUS' Seems VOTEBANK ; living in free spaces with free amenities, has been DUMPED by Team @AamAadmiParty; as they wanted to "SHY AWAY FROM BATTLE " against WUHAN VIRUS Chinese Checkers is a Game @ArvindKejriwal 
Which media house do you think will #China rope in to? China is ‘training’ journalists from India and other countries to peddle Chinese propaganda  … #ChineseCommunistPartu #Chona #India #IndianMedia via @tfipost
Weird that 2 minutes after I retweeted a video broadly critical of China/the WHO dismissive of the existence of Taiwan, I get a “news alert” from Twitter that China is donating medical supplies to Canada. The top post is from the Chinese Embassy... 
Reminder that @realDonaldTrump took China at face value, and even thanked President Xi for China’s “transparency,” while US intelligence agencies were telling Trump that the Chinese were lying.  …
If Americans keep buying Chinese goods, and keep believing globalists that the Chi Coms are our friends, then you better fucking stock up on toilet paper, masks, plaquenil, Z paks, and get yourself a GM ventilator! BTW, wait till Dems give your hoarded supplies to Illegals!
People  about billionaires donating millions of dollars to help fight the Chinese Virus but refuse to donate a dollar at the gas station for muscular dystrophy or St. Judes Children’s Hospital
Congratulations to the Chinese Communist Party. You (together with China loving globalist elite) released a man made #COVID19 and started a China chapter of #antifa . Whoopsi Ji  …
We'd be doing better if your friends in New York City hadn't been hosting "Let's All Catch the China Virus" parties during Chinese New Year in February.  …
#WHO or is it a Chinese propaganda channel?? 
Still reading up on textile supply chains — Chinese  are buying old cotton mills in the Carolinas. With the gross history of cotton production in southern states.......There’s something not sitting quite right with me about it. Idk.  …
Taiwan people will admit they're Chinese only when it allows them to justify racism
I was suspicious when I first saw Bruce Aylward say this. Now this confirms he's a shameless mouthpiece for the Chinese Communist Party, just like Tedros. WHO is such a disgrace, I'm surprised if anyone still takes every word it says seriously 
How WHO and its  war against Chinese Virus which has left more than 28,000 dead:  … via @eOrganiser
U.S. Military Command Teams Charged With US Homeland Defense Moves Into Cheyenne Mountain Bunker Until Chinese Virus Pandemic Passes  …
I remember an agency job once for BN. They were looking for an illustrator to do storyboards, so I invited a friend to show her portfolio. I was later scolded for bringing her up because she was Chinese and "the client wouldn't like that" True story.
It’s nothing against the Chinese people, it’s the  party that controls the government. They are corrupt and pieces of shit that violate basic human rights.
Chinese are v. evil! Chinese thermometer wholesaler (red circle): Make some fake thermometers that display 39°C as 36.5°C and export them to the US. Increase their infection no. Let's c how many US people left to hurt foreign countries! #BoycottChina #China 
The Chinese Embassy in Ottawa says China is sending 30,000 medical masks, 10,000 sets of protective clothing, 10,000 goggles and 50,000 pairs of gloves to Canada.  …
Chinese medical workers arrive at London's Heathrow Airport on Saturday afternoon with equipment to help the UK fight #COVID19 
But wait I'm told over and over Chinese data is fine and America is worse. This can't be right  …
Trains packed with thousands of passengers arriving in Wuhan as Chinese city that was ground zero for global pandemic partly re-opens after months in lockdown 
A very clear-headed Q&A with George Gao - crackerjack scientist and director-general of the Chinese CDC:  …
Coronavirus pandemic has led to a 900 PERCENT increase of hate speech toward China and Chinese people on Twitter 
The reved-up Chinese and Russian government propaganda campaigns about the coronavirus reveal Putin's and Xi Jinping's deep insecurity that people will see how they prioritize their own power over their people's health thru cover-ups and false information.  
"You can find the same racism towards Asians in Africa". Really??? Because there are Chinese business owners in Ghana who REFUSE to even serve AFRICAN customers. Also many Chinese in Ghana live in their own enclaves AWAY from the local people because they HATE blacks
Raise your hand if you trust Chinese government reports as much as you trust Twinkle Toes here or anything else to do with Trump's WH.  …
There are tragic events in history I will never forget. 1. Nazi holocaust of 6 million Jews. 2. Nigerian genocide of 3 million Igbos. 3. The Rwandan genocide of 1million Tutsi, Twa. 4. The Chinese Wuhan virus released against the whole world. #PraisesNuggets
In Konyndyk’s analysis, the White House had all the information it needed by the end of January to act decisively. Instead, Trump repeatedly played down the severity of the threat, blaming China for what he called the “Chinese virus” and . . .
While people provide cover for the Chinese government, keep in mind they are responsible for literally thousands of Italians dying.
I’m possibly more offended as a former copy editor than the son of Chinese immigrants.  …
500 NYPD officers have tested positive for the Chinese Virus. Meanwhile, ⁦ @BilldeBlasio⁩ is releasing criminals from prison. How can anyone tell me this is a  The men and women in blue deserve better! #FixIt  …
Correction: 15 expects. They will mainly provide help to Chinese nationals (students, employees of Chinese institutions & enterprises) & people of Chinese descent in UK.  …
@CMofKarnataka @drashwathcn Sir we should not buy these Chinese kits pl @kiranshaw @rk_misra  …
The @VOAChinese in this horrible article applauds a racist effort by Chinese as positive foreign aid, and kicks European efforts at the same time. The VOA is supposed to be pro-democracy, but it is slamming Europe and supporting China! @realDonaldTrump @SecPompeo
Chinese medical team consisted of eight experts have arrived in Islamabad, Pakistan. Pakistan Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi and other government officials  the team. The team brought 100,000 surgical masks, protective suits and testing kits. 
My pop and I have to say goodbye to the best hunting dog we’ve ever had today and we can’t even hug each other while we grieve. The  party and the WHO that helped them cover up the outbreak while it spread can burn in Hell.
Don’t worry I asked my Chinese friend in China and he said it’s fake news. 
China is and will remain a deeply troubling power. Chinese 5G along with any Chinese equipment will always have backdoors that make it easy for governments to shut down or take away people’s civil liberties.  …
If you honestly believe the  from the Communist Chinese government on their Coronavirus cases & deaths, I am so sorry you were born with a “no” brain. (*A “no” brain lacks the ability to: -use logic  sense -properly identify propaganda and LIES.)
Chinese #AI helps Italian doctors detect #COVID19 in CT 
Brazilian President - ‘Sorry, some will die.’ US President - ‘Corona is going to disappear,’ on Feb 28. UK PM - Shakes hands with Corona infected; gets it himself. Italian leaders - ‘Hug the Chinese.’ Narendra Modi - ‘Jaan hai to jahan hai.’ Thank our stars he’s our leader!
I was on the way to buy toilet paper when a group of masked Chinese men jumped me and said "That is for the Bat jokes!" 
Please don’t get me started on this subject ! They have Chinese stores all over Africa ... which obviously do not cater to anything an African would need. Diamonds, gold, minerals, anything of any value - the China man will take !
Current restrictions on freedom and personal liberty are a way to give everyone a limited taste of day to day life under a totalitarian regime such as the  party. Freedom is something to be cherished & defended & can be removed remarkably quickly by the state.
The WHO is a terrorist organization. Look what their lies and Chinese Propaganda did to the World.
This trash message was sent to TONS of Chinese parachute students. Just an example of the DAILY harassment parachutes face, which I chronicle in my YA novel PARACHUTES. This is not ok! Pls check in w your Asian American students & intrnl students to see how they’re doing! 
PINKERTON: "Yes, of course, the Chinese want to keep us weak and dependent on them. Yet with far-seeing leaders such as Cotton and Gallagher on the mission, we won’t let that miserable status quo long continue." 
Lab results from a #coronavirus test swab can take hours or days. This hospital in Rome is opting for a Chinese-developed algorithm that uses data gathered from 1,000 confirmed coronavirus cases to spot potential #Covid-19 patients within 20 seconds after a CT 
For those who are still in @NOApreme , I just wanna remind you that they cracked bot and of course they can also steal ur credit card info too. The owner is a Chinese and lives in China. You know botting in China is illegal also. Good luck! we will upgrade our protection too.
Two people I know died of #COVID19 this week. One of them was like a second grandpa to me. A friend was physically assaulted in Brooklyn for being Chinese. Another almost risked her life for survival money. I am very lucky to have a job and be healthy but I just want to go home
WHO is Chinese puppet. It has 0 credibility. If members are sensible enough they should abandon this corrupt organization. 
Plane carrying with Chinese medical team & supplies arrived at #Islamabad. Airport staff are unloading medical supplies. #COVID19Pakistan #ChinaPakSolidarity #Pakistan #China 
Oddly @AndrewScheer, @PierrePoilievre and the rest of the CPC caucus don’t understand that this is how civilization works. They would have had us hoarding equipment and letting Chinese people die.
We must adapt our response to this crisis, as most Nigerians live on a day to day basis. We cannot blindly import Chinese or American solutions. Death by starvation is just as bad as by virus. FG must create and distribute food packs as a matter of urgency. We need thinkers now.
#SaturdayMorning Though they started showing up in 1910, by 1920 these were  all the rage. After the Chinese Wuhan Virus is this how we will see movies again? Future proves past, Same as it ever was. 
The issue of the lack of proper training to health staff to treat COVID-19 patients was raised and it was suggested that the government should immediately liaise with the Chinese government & have the master trainers ready to impart training to medical staff. Very Important! 2/2
President Trump is the only @POTUS stands up to China #CCP, started his #tradewar & forced CCP to sign the Phase One trade deal. Chinese online called it 城墙下的条约 (humiliation). Trump'll go down in history bigger than President Reagan for defeating the New Evil Empire China.  …
I love the ritual of making Chilli Sauce This one has chinese flavours great as a dipping sauce or with noodles or as a marinade for Crispy Chicken 
China’s virus numbers not believable in view of staggering amount of urns being distributed out in Wuhan. Chinese investigative outlet Caixin reports when mortuaries opened in Hubei capital, people stood in line for up to 5 hours to receive the remains  …
I'm guessing the India govt will not make such a request or accept such an offer -- & both Chinese govt & SOEs know that, but think it's nonetheless worth saying for PR/propaganda purposes  …
Next time you go grocery shopping, get some baby back ribs for this (very) easy Chinese barbecued ribs. I included ingredient subs in case you -- like me -- run out of hoisin, or lack rice wine.  
What happens when a WHO official is asked a question about Taiwan? A lot of really awkward and obvious evasion. Worth a watch to see how strange the policy is that forces international organizations to pretend Taiwan doesn't exist -  to Chinese pressure.  …
... expecting a surge at some point ... soon? XXX has a plan for this surge. We are well prepared!" I have seen very few tweets about any hospital, anywhere, being overwhelmed. I'm not trying to downplay the danger of the Wuhan China Covid-19 Chinese Coronavirus ... (more)
As the Chinese Virus crisis has progressed, Trump's approval ratings have gone up and the media's are at rockbottom. Here's why.  …
The WHO is owned by the  party  …
Chinese doctors, plane carrying medical supplies arrive in Pakistan 
ChinaSulluv has carried out charity donation activities. 12000 CNY (2047965 KRW) was raised by Chinese fans and have been given to Beijing Shangshan Foundation in the name of Choi Jinri. 설리가진리 #최진리 #설리 
I have seen some absolute roasters of conspiracy theories about Coronavirus in some of the most normally pleasant & rational  I always say: If the Chinese developed a bioweapon to destroy the West, would they really go release it in one of their own cities?
No he recognized it as part of China. It was political he just doesn’t want to piss off his Chinese overlords
The Chinese Communist Party is trying to present itself as a global leader in pandemic response. If it declares success too early, it may lead the world back into disaster, writes 
Like thousands of other businesses, my uncle's family-owned cidery has been forced to temporarily close because of the Chinese Virus. He’s still taking online orders & it’s the best damn hard cider you’ve ever tasted. Free enterprise is a beautiful thing.  
Bannon: In the best case scenario, #CCP knew about #coronavirus human-to-human transmission in late November or early December and suppressed it The CCP is the enemy of the decent, hardworking Chinese people. #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus Listen & watch 
When the never Trumpers receive their Chinese Virus check just remember..... 
As a senior source in PMO had told me earlier in the week re the supplies sent to China in Feb, the Chinese confirm today that they are donating supplies back to Canada  …
Read this thread to learn how the government of China organized Chinese expats in Canada to send our country's health equipment to China.  …
Or may be taiwan is the actual govt of china......a chinese govt in exile......since chiang kai sheik even UN recognised taiwan as real china till 1970s
Reliance on China in any way, shape or form is at this point a national security threat. The world would thus do itself a great service to practice "social distancing" from China. Block Chinese capital inflow, reshore industry, and refuse "assistance" or "gifts" of any kind.
#China has offered to build makeshift hospitals in India on the lines of those it did in Wuhan to treat #Covid19 patients, if any such request is made by the govt here, according to a state-run Chinese daily  …
CHINESE MEDICAL TEAM FROM WUHAN ARRIVES IN PAKISTAN TO AID FIGHT AGAINST COVID-19 #breakingnews
Coronavirus: Chinese scientist advises people in Europe, US to wear face masks in public  …
Chinese helping just Chinese in Italy - not very seemly given #COVID19 is #China's fault. The box says, ""supplies to prevent epidemic for overseas  from Zhejiang living in Italy". This is borderline racist. #WuFlu #Italy #COVID19italie  
The Chinese Government lied about this pandemic. No "ifs" and no "buts" - and we all are suffering because they lied.  …
The Chinese city of Wuhan, where the coronavirus outbreak first emerged, is slowly reopening after more than two months of lockdown 
#CCPVirus #COVID2019 found in patients' spermatogenic cells. Therefore sexual transmission may also be one of the routes of transmission. That's according to Ning Guang, the director of Ruijin Hospital in #China. Chinese report:  
Any one that works in the steel industry knows that Chinese steel is shit, except are government.
Also, my husband took our son to a pediatric ophthalmologist who suggested we put off glasses and try Chinese herbs. We got the kid glasses because duh
Chinese doctors arrive in Pakistan to help pakistani against Corona virus ......And to prove..... Pakistan China friendship is higher than himyalays and deeper than ocean ..... Pakistan stand with china China stand with Pakistan 
When this is over, I hope businesses everywhere will re-think how over-reliant we are on Chinese manufacturing: “China, where this coronavirus originated, also happens to produce half the world’s respirators.”  …
Likely Chinese. I suspect Israel & China coordinated the release of C19. China is now no longer expected to aid Iran if/when they are attacked by USA. (Expect the false flag this summer.) China's reward is Belt & Road as America slides into hyperinflation. Israel gets 3rd Temple.
The Chinese government still seems to be manipulating the coronavirus numbers, first not counting people who test positive but are asymptomatic, now not counting people who test positive after supposed recovery. Germs thrive amid government censorship.  
Uncensored Chinese Report May Have Accidentally Revealed Millions of New COVID Deaths  …
Chinese TV reporting on the 2000 bed temporary Convalescent Care Facility that was equippted in 48 hours by #Iran's  …
I donated to my alumni association in Feb to send PPE in bulk from the US to China in Jan/Feb because people needed it. Now it’s one of the many Chinese American groups sending PPE in bulk from China to the US also because people need it.  
You know what is even more crazy? The silence from Chinese people (who live outside of China) on this topic.
WATCH: Three American journalists from @WSJ fly out of Beijing on Saturday. The Chinese government revoked the press credentials of about a dozen reporters last week, effectively expelling those American journalists from the country 
Donald Trump has KNOWN that hydroxychloroquine is extremely effective against the Chinese Virus. Do you really think he would put his name on the line if he didn’t already know? The mans a true genius. 5D chess.
Spicy Ginger Beef stir fry – tender beef sirloin with crispy ginger, green veg and a simple-but-tasty Chinese-inspired sauce.  … #takeoutfakeout #beefstirfry #Chinesedinner #betterthantakeout
#OnThisDay 1953 - The 1st Marine Division defeated the Communist Chinese at the Battle for Vegas Hill in Korea. #USMC #SemperFidelis 
Truly awful. The @WHO now seems finished - under Chinese rule now. And with the aggressive takeover campaign by China (and the US walk-away), the @UN as a whole may be lost soon. If so, will be a sad & ominous end to our post-1945 era.
Japan is right. @WHO should be named as Chinese Health Organization. #CCPVirus
When exactly did the WHO  a front for Chinese propaganda?  …
#YouthWithYouEP06 Just take me as a Chinese cabbage. Come on. The Steadicam will be very close to you. So it would be better if you have firm eye contact with the camera rather than just focusing on the movement of hands. Professional guidance! #YouthWithPDKUN 
If there was ANY mildly positive news involving COVID-19 this week, it might be this: Newly released data indicate the drop in Chinese exports of vital medical supplies was not as precipitous as feared.  …
The World Health Organization is a global joke. Perhaps their behavior during the #COVID19 pandemic will wake the United States up to this, and force us to rein in the purse strings and agenda a little but closer. Why should we fund an arm of the Chinese propaganda machine?  …
No longer Chinese Virus, Mr. Trump. We have 15,000 cases more than Italy now. More like American Virus....you let this happen.
Ram Ram ji U are dark  so if someone says it loudly then it’s NOT #racist statement And it’s #ChineseCoronaVirus so Incase U don’t believe it U can HUG A Chinese and spread love to your body too & yes #coronavirus doesn’t do HINDU/MUSLIM  …
Making us realize the many socialist  that are in disguise in the federal Goverment and in institutions or higher education... sorry I forgot the branch of the  party: the media
I am trying to keep up with the Chinese Flu info. If I develop symptoms, am I supposed to meet my Doctor at the Kennedy Center? Are Congressmen being given $46k to buy ventilators for their districts. Is Planned Parenthood being given more because abortion protects against
I may not look like it, but I’m part Chinese. My mom was born in Shanghai and raised in Hong Kong. So hearing the term #ChineseVirus and stories of hate crimes against Asians boils my blood! Props to @NiaWong for taking this head on. We’re in this together. #4NewsNow  …
Actually it raises concerns about the WHO, the UN & Canadian media as all 3 pushed Chinese government propaganda. Nobody has fact checked China. Nobody.
China-USA blamed each other for spreading #coronavirus China alleged US military for outbreak of virus in Wuhan, however, @realDonaldTrump called it a "Chinese virus". After seeing hefty human lives,both state leaders stopped blame game. #CoronavirusUSA 
1) Yes, a lot of Chinese diaspora coordinated PPE donations back to China in Jan and Feb. It is what any kind hearted person would do for their friends and family, and not evidence of CCP manipulation, you absolutely delusional ghouls.
Chinese authorities have reported only >2,000 #CCPVirus deaths in epicenter Wuhan. But this is disputed by: -Long lines to pick up ashes a Wuhan funeral home - 5,000 ash urns delivered to the home over 2 days - This is 1 of 7 funeral homes in Wuhan  …
I know my lures are $2.00 higher than the stores charge. I DON'T need to be told that. TY If you want cheap lures go to walmart or another cheap, chinese pimping outlet. I don't sell garbage here. Premium Fishing Lures only.. 
Sir, I myself use BHIM UPI extensively (PayTM I avoid because of the Chinese link) including to buy groceries, meds etc. But the home staff don't use it. They prefer cash.
Turkey has tossed out a batch of Chinese-made coronavirus tests because of "inaccurate results." Spain withdrew 9,000 Chinese kits because they had just 30% accuracy. The Czech Republic found that 80% of its kits from China were faulty.  …
Are we really suggesting that there was a global conspiracy of Chinese ppl who KNEW that 1) coronavirus would go global 2) China would be able to contain its epidemic, thus 3) freeing up its hoarded supplies, which 4) Beijing would use for medical diplomacy? Seriously??
Defeating the Chinese Virus with Osprey.  …
The WHO is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Chinese Communist party at this point. If you don't believe me, watch this:  …
I don’t understand the current scrutiny of Chinese people around the world shipping medical supplies to Wuhan in January and Feb. Like, everybody was sending medical supplies to China in January and February. Which was the obvious and correct thing to do. Can we move on plz?
No one Chinese people : 
Please pray for Central Illinois today. Huge chance of life threatening tornadoes. I can’t go be with my parents because of the Chinese Virus threat. Dad is in wheelchair. Strategized with my mom to determine best place for them to shelter if necessary
Will you reduce your purchase of Chinese Goods based on China's Coronavirus attack?
Dateline, CoronaMarch, 2020, South Carolina... Chinese Virus death in all of Charleston County. City of Charleston orders “Stay at home” Chinese Virus death in all of Richland County. City of Columbia orders “Stay at home” S.C. Attorney General, “No Authority!”  …
"Italy was sharply critical of France & Germany after initially declined to provide equipment to help handle outbreak. Rome turned to China, which sent airplane full of masks & ventilators bearing "Forza Italia" stickers with Chinese & Italian flags" :-/  …
We will win this fight against this Chinese virus pm sir As a student i can make this much contribution sir right now 
【Chinese in Leeds together with NHS】 Organized by Chinese staff at the University of Leeds We will donate PPE equipment to GP practices in Yorkshire and the NHS volunteers will help us to distribute it.  
Enough is enough. Not only are Italy, as a nation, and Italians as a people affected by the coronavirus pandemic, but we also have to face – the frankly disgusting, given the situation – Chinese ‘propaganda’.  …
Is this authentic @WHO? Taiwan offered early warnings &best practices, while there is extensive coverage of how Chinese lack of transparency initially covered up the outbreak - before they kicked out a bunch of western reporters and said the virus first appeared outside of China  …
Worth noting this same WHO official has been promoting Chinese propaganda about how great their response was and downplaying their role in the outbreak since th start:  …
As a Chinese 100 percenter, one can understand you're outraged. Communism itself is the most deadly  wouldn’t hesitate to kill millions for their delusional "class war” as Mao and Stalin did.  …
So- trudeau is going to raise carbon tax on Monday. This is truly a Miracle Tax ? It will save the Planet AND Fix the Chinese Communist Virus Miracle !!!!
Again, WHO has proven to be  corrupt and  organization that has mostly behaved as a Chinese puppet. We are their largest funder. I hope we reconsider.  …
OP: Why does oppa have 2 nationalities? Korean (Han-guk) and heaven (chun-guk)? Kekeke Jung-guk* *국 (guk) can mean country in Korean. It  from the Chinese character 國. Word play! @BTS_twt #BTS 
Chinese took required protective measures and saved other cities and at the same time warned others but governments in most of the countries did not take it serous and now their people are paying the cost of the negligence of their leadership. It’s 2020 now, open ur blamed eyes
US heaps insult onto injury with tariffs on Chinese imports of medical equipment, as well as parts  needed to make key supplies domestically. Trump’s misguided trade war may have crippled the fight against COVID-19. by @FT Editorial  …
Two days apart. Based upon the World Health Organization echoing the Chinese government’s false assessments about the contagiousness of the coronavirus, I trust the CDC more than WHO. That said, when does Twitter start enforcing rules about disinformation about the virus? 
Abhijit Iyer-Mitra's @Iyervval take on what could have happened in Wuhan and why the Chinese have restarted production when the rest of the world is in lockdown. A must watch! @rvaidya2000  …
Chinese Company Ships Crates of Masks to Italy Covered in Italian Poetry: We Are ‘Leaves of the Same Tree’  …
Meanwhile Chinese people appropriate black culture the most
#Italy opposition leader #MatteoSalvini: If the Chinese government knew, did not report and did not protect,  a #CrimesAgainstHumanity & those who have infected the world cannot be made saviors! #FreeTibet #CCP #UN #WHO #ChineseVirus #XiVirus #CCPVirus #XiJinping  …
George Gao, director-general of the Chinese CDC:  …
China has been supplying faulty "Bioeasy Coronavirus Tests" to Europe. Czech found 80% of tests were faulty, Italy found 70% of tests faulty, Spain has sent the tests back because of their very high error rate. Can't trust the Chinese.  … via @Yahoo
Trump’s protectionism creates perverse incentives for Chinese medical suppliers to now make American customers their last choice. By  …
“The  regime has through its ineptitude, dishonesty and negligence unleashed a virus that will leave tens of thousands dead and likely cause a global recession...We must not allow this totalitarian regime to re-write history.” - @RitaPanahi on the 
It’s unbearably sad that @PeaceHealthStJo is using EXACTLY the same tactics as the Chinese government: Trying to silence the doctors who are raising alarms.
Text message from Verizon: “We have added 15GB of mobile hotspot data to your plan at NO CHARGE for use from 3.25-4.30. No action is needed.” Is this Wuhan Chinese Coronavirus going to take down my internet? Can we FLATTEN that curve, please? 
Then she now says Chinese in this country bought up medical supplies earlier this year to China. Yes, Chinese Americans step in when their families' home country is in need. And now Chinese Americans are also stepping up to help the land they love and people they care in AMERICA
#US firms launch legal action seeking billions of dollars in damages from #China over coronavirus A class action lawsuit was launched in Las Vegas US small businesses are suing the #Chinese government for billions of dollars in damages over coronavirus  …
Cancel the WHO - form a new org - one not utterly lost to Chinese influence - invite Taiwan in as it's first action  …
Would you ask your physician to give you Hydroxychloroquine and Azithromycin if infected by the Chinese Wuhan Virus? I would without a question. #HydroxychloroquineSavingLives
How @WHO and its Chief  war against Chinese Virus which has left more than 28,000 dead? Thanks to @pvaidyaraj  my tweets as an article for easy reading. Friends do share max. The villains must be exposed.  … via @eOrganiser
Chinese embroidered panel, 1700s-1800s, artist unknown, silk and gold thread 
So Wuhan has open the city & metro after 2 months of lockdown Great Achievement! Today chinese Drs specialists in coronavirus ‘ve arrived in pak for 2 weeks They will advise our health care specialists in the light of their experience IA pak’ll Also emerge as a winner soon
 by the @TataCompanies  #COVID19 . #India next time you buy a car, AC, Steel for building a house or even simple groceries remember this . The profit you gave the  back to help #India! Where are the Koreans & Chinese working here?  …
On the Fr. news today: France has placed a governmental order of 300 million facemasks, both regular and ffp2, from the Chinese for an undisclosed sum of money. Will organize an air bridge of cargo planes that will collect and deliver them starting mid  week. UK?
This is shameful. If #China was governed democratically like #Taiwan, its people would be free and it would lead the world. With its current government it will always be a pariah, as will the #WHO, which is clearly in the Chinese Communist Party’s pocket and should be abolished.  …
Business Insider: Wei Guixian, a 57-year-old Wuhan seafood vendor believed to be one of the first #coronavirus patients, says 'a lot fewer people would have died' if the Chinese government acted sooner on  …
chinese pandas giving the  budget we deserve bc play m sucks  …
SATURDAY DID YOU KNOW President Trump is to be  on the fine job he is doing for the American people during this Chinese Wuhan virus outbreak! 
The doctors of China didn't only fight for Wuhan. They fought for humanity. They fought for the safety of every single one of us. They suffered losses on the frontline against an invisible enemy. Hail the martyrs of the Chinese struggle against Covid-19. 
Exciting  from @SecureDemocracy next week, providing new tools to track Chinese party-state information operations. Coming at a time when we've seen Chinese diplomats and media adopting new tactics, pulled from the Russian playbook, as I discussed with  …
Check out how Chinese experts tame #COVID19 in the lab to help create a vaccine...  
Chinese doctors arrive in Pakistan to help fight against coronavirus  
mungu para How on earth do these Chinese breath knowing the harm you are causing to innocent nations (My Uganda) the tougue can say things that cause the heart to bleed am highly disappointed by the nature of humans that we have We shall make it  …
And tied a bat around his neck while he was on his way to get Chinese food at 2am.
Some Chinese masks & PPE donors told me they’re nervous about attracting too much attention for donating a lot to the US, because people will start to wonder why they have so much. The truth is in Feb when they were procuring for China there was very little demand in the US.  …
I can’t even say what I want to say. I’ve promised to start being more positive. But the Chinese presence in African countries is imperialism and neo-colonialism. Nothing short of that  …
More evidence of a narrative shift. Now from @ScienceMagazine. Not wearing masks to protect against coronavirus is a ‘big mistake,’ top Chinese scientist says  …
Future plans for 2020 - there will be more music released this year (there's chinese & english songs) - team wang fashion line is launching he is asking everyone to promote his songs if you like it
Pakistan sent 800,000 masks, a large number of protective suits and gloves to China at the moment of the Corona outbreak in Wuhan. Some Pakistani students donated masks to Chinese health workers. Pakistani doctors in China volunteered to go to Wuhan.  …
Corrupt morons who are working for international agencies, while behaving as employees of the Chinese government, should all be fired.  …
@TROYCETV this explains why your last video was confusing to me. you want us to shop chinese but they dont even fwu. you dont have those same kind words when its time to promote shopping black.
The one and only friend of Pakistan... Whole Hearted  to Chinese Medical Team. Thank you People Republic of China . #Pakistan #China #Friendship_Zindabad 
Taiwan had warned of the dangers of COVID-19 aka Chinese Virus as early as in December, YES December 2019 but the  WHO ignored the input. Both China and WHO need to be penalised. See copy of letter by Taiwanese Rep. to the Economist 
How WHO and its  war against Chinese Virus which has left more than 28,000 dead  … via @eOrganiser
More and more countries now benefit from Chinese #coronavirus aid. China has donated 10,000 KN94 masks, 200,000 surgical masks and 1,000 isolation gowns to Kyrgyzstan to help the country’s fight against 
The Chinese have two months to respond. I need this in my life.  …
Authorities intercepted a Chinese shipment of fake COVID-19 tests being sent to a Portland man. He bought each kit for 50 cents. A real coronavirus swab test costs hundreds of dollars.  …
So there is the slight bit of discrepancy between what the PM claimed and what we saw ..... There were indeed Chinese patients in the PKLI isolation ward. It was a very, very impressive ward btw.  …
It is utterly painful to watch how a WHO official shunned the question regarding Taiwan’s membership and performance. They neglect a staunch alliance base on purely political arrogance. Why don't they call themselves Chinese Health Organization CHO? Such a shame. Clip: Pulse@RTHK 
President PML-N @CMShehbaz letter to Chinese President and Ambassador 
Jackson said he doesn't know if he will release a Chinese song this year "I don't know~" Then he said he will release english and chinese songs this year lol
FM @SMQureshiPTI, FS Sohail Mahmood & Chairman NDMA along with Chinese Ambassador Yao Jing  #Chinese medical team and relief supplies brought onboard a special flight from #China. #ChinaPakSolidarity @MFA_China @CathayPak 
Washington post published an article “Don’t blame ‘ #China’ for the #coronavirus — blame the #Chinese Communist Party” Here I have a question, whom could we blame for the stolen property of Uyghurs and bullying the people of East 
Mayor De Blasio took his people to dine in Chinatown to prove it was safe. NY Mayor told people to celebrate the Chinese New Year. China had cancelled theirs. Gov Cuomo said Trump refused him ventilators and people were dying, yet we found them in his warehouse. Blame Trump now?
china still has instagram banned right? thats why hes trying again and again for it to work on weibo for his chinese fans. not all are got7 stans so they'll know what vlive is and they dont have insta as well :(. hes trying so hard for everyone
A Chinese team left for UK on Saturday, including 12 expects on disease prevention/control, TCM, psychological counseling & nursing, bringing 17 tons of TCM, protection materials…Different regions in China r tasked with helping different countries, after they did that in Hubei. 
Yesterday, Prime Minister Imran Khan said that “there is not a single case of the virus from China.” There are 4 Chinese nationals being treated at PKLI in Lahore for coronavirus, who tested positive after they flew back from China.  …
That’s because #MediaLiedPeopleDied They are also  enablers and propagandists. #ChineseVirus  …
PINKERTON: "Yes, of course, the Chinese want to keep us weak and dependent on them. Yet with far-seeing leaders such as Cotton and Gallagher on the mission, we won’t let that miserable status quo long continue." 
"Virus information was filtered through Chinese government sources." Precisely  …
Special Chinese plane carrying relief assistance and a team of doctors to fight Coronavirus arrived in Islamabad. Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi, Foreign Secretary Sohail Mahmood, and Chinese Ambassador Yao Jing received the assistance. 
Because 1. They hide the truth for days 2. They abducted all the whistle blowers who tried to warn the world. 3. They lied about the number of casualties 4. They controlled WHO by sheer their money 5. Now they are crying being called Chinese Virus. #WuhanVirus #ChineseVirus
Chinese President right now. 
Listen, the animosity I received when  into my store is CRAZY!!! My colleague who is Chinese tells me “they’re talking about you and wondering how you got a job here”. (Luxury fashion). She gets really frustrated. I just don’t help them. I look at them and laugh
Chinese govt has proven time & again it can’t be trusted, doesn’t respect human rights, intellectual property, environmental regs, sovereignty of others, etc. This #corona19 crisis will hurt China badly, & rightly so. Big realignment of world economy away from China  …
Out of 81 samples we have received ,7 people who have tested positive. They include 4 Kenyans, 2 Congolese &1 Chinese National. 3 are female & 4 are male. This now brings to 38 the number of those who have tested positive for the virus in Kenya. 
My Sources informs me that this Chinese Vessel and 5 others have been fishing Illegally in our WATER. The Namibian Navy is attending to them! What do we appear like to Chinese naaanaa? 
The Tiananmen Square protests or Tiananmen Square  known in mainland China as the June Fourth Incident (Chinese: 六四事件; pinyin: liùsì shìjiàn, literally six-four incident), were student-led demonstrations held in Tiananmen Square in Beijing during 1989.
Famous non-RCT study on #Hydroxychloroquine for #Covid_19 (Raoult, Gautret et al) is fatally flawed. Research integrity of authors/journal under scrutiny  … The fate of Chinese trials full of doubts  … We need answers to these  …
Huge thanks to Lani Wong, Jean Lin, and the National Association of Chinese Americans (NACA) for donating an additional 200 N95 masks to our team at St. Joe’s. We stay strong and healthy for, and because of, our  
"In Spain, the government was forced to withdraw 9,000 Chinese-made coronavirus testing kits from use after it emerged that they had an accurate detection rate of just 30%." (The Guardian newspaper, London, March 28, 2020) This nightmare is to continue.
So, some idiots are apparently trying to spread the rumors that COVID is a Chinese bioweapon BUT ALSO that it can be countered by taking a lot of Vitamin C I reported them
Yet, just one child out of the 2,143 in this large Chinese pediatric cohort (who was age 14), actually died. So death among kids with COVID19 is indeed *very* rare.  … 18/
Remember you made fun of Chinese stuff by saying it would not last longer? Corona took is very seriously and it's proving you wrong now!!
#ProtectTenonWeibo Hi I'm a Chinese WayZenni&10very. Sorry for not protecting him well.. I and so many Chinese WayZenni are trying our best to help on Weibo. It's so sad to see those bad words by Liu's fans. How evil they areAnd we need your help，plz 
Seems to me that after the corona virus outbreak is over the world needs to reconsider its relationship with China. The West in particular needs to start detaching itself from Chinese goods. The British government needs to stop Chinese involvement in all public service contracts.
It has been argued that China must not be allowed to rewrite history #COVID19. I prefer that the Chinese are allowed to change the ending, which is what they seem to be attempting, as Chinese data, doctors, masks and ventilators move to hotspots around the globe.
Chinese Ambassador to #Malaysia and the Malaysian FM presided over a transfer ceremony of medical supplies donated by China which include 100,000 test kits and 200 ventilators. The supplies arrived in Malaysia on Saturday and will assist the country's fight against 
Location: Jiujiang Yangtze River Bridge that joins the Hubei and Jiangxi provinces in Eastern China. Souce of the videos: Chinese civilian phone recordings uploaded to Chinese social media such as WeChat and Weibo. The videos were quickly stripped from Chinese social media.
Be careful... @BSYBJP ji , #China May send you those #Fake & Defective Kits Which #Spain has sent back to them due to Bad Quality ?? Why are you buying Substandard #Chinese Testing kits ?? #ChineseVirus  …
BANGTAN MEMBERS’ NAMES IN CHINESE CHARACTERS AND THEIR MEANINGS... -a thread 
Lisa is me on my first day of Chinese Class: 
Liberals: “OMG Trump lies about everything, how can we trust him? ...please read these Communist Chinese Propaganda articles to back me up”
To the Duterte Admin...this virus crisis, our territory, was it worth all the Chinese money you got?
NEW: US & China have reached tentative truce on public blame-game for the virus. But China will likely use Russian playbook & push anti-US propaganda via covert ops. Chinese officials have been borrowing from pro-Russia sites. w/ @julianbarnes  …
Seven more people have tested positive of coronavirus, four Kenyans, two Congolese and one Chinese, bringing the total to 38, CS Health Mutahi Kagwe #KomeshaCorona press 
#COVID19 #ChinaVirus NSW, Australia. #Covid_19 positive Chinese woman caught on camera spitting on bananas at a suburban supermarket. Is this an isolated incident or are Chinese Nationals and Communist Party loyalists being paid and instructed to do this by their government? 
Special #Chinese plane with a team of medical professionals & relief assistance to fight #COVID19 landed in #Islamabad. @zlj517 @CPEC_Official @XHNews @CGTNOfficial @evazhengll @zfrmrza @CPEC15 @CathayPak @ImranKhanPTI @mRHQTEWi1Aup2Gq @SheilaZulfiqar @PDChina 
TMI but jungkook’s name in chinese characters (hanja) is 田柾國!! it’s means to  a pillar of a country... he really did  a important pillar of korea huh  …
Recovered people in #China are retesting positive for #COVID19...Chinese experts have already said this virus will be here for a long long time.  …
The Chinese lying? Shocked I tell you x  …
The Chinese have been confrontational in their ambition to balance American hegemony, but they are not stupid. Activating a bioweapon for economic takeover is a suicide mission. #COVID19 isn’t that what conspiracy theorists say it is, because that would’ve been China’s funeral.
It seems possible to believe that the Chinese government was deeply negligent in its early approach to the coronavirus, that cover-ups etc. lost the world precious time to prepare, and also that Western governments would have probably used that time to do almost nothing at all.
Czech police raided Zhou Lingjian's warehouse, and confiscated 680,000 masks, 28,000 N95. These medical supplies are affixed with the @China's and #Italy's flags and are materials for the #Chinese Red Cross' aid to Italy's epidemic prevention. Somehow they arrived in the 
Chinese city Wuhan where coronavirus began reopens to visitors 
I am not chinese but it’s funny to think that a country will risk lives of its own country, killed its own economy, and alienate the whole world just so they can benefit from a pandemic. Just saying.
This, adding to a revelation from Taiwanese media that @DrTedros accuses Taiwan for orchestrating all the  he gets over poor handling of #CoronavirusOutbreak, shows how Chinese politics rule over global public health in @WHO. See thread:   …
15:17 Nationalities of the 7 new confirmed cases. 4 Kenyans 2 Congolese 1 Chinese - Health CS Mutahi Kagwe. If a Nigerian gets it, then Roysambu kwisha. #KenyanTraffic #KaaNyumbani via @nahashon87
I think it's fair to say, friends, that there is no increased time in my life (and probably yours). Work is harder, there's more domestic stuff, emotionally and pyschologically taxing... I'm not gonna feel pressured to learn Chinese today. It's ok if you haven't got time too.
Took this at the Inn on the Lake on Ullswater a few years back a Chinese girl in a beautiful purple coat walked down the frosty pier and stood looking for a while 
I'm not a conspiracy theorist who believes COVID was a Chinese plot, But I do see they are not letting the crisis go to waste in terms of building networks, influence, etc... all while concealing their responsibility for the global crisis due to  and prevarication  …
An in-depth look at China's Twitter propaganda machine, which uses over 10K fake Twitter accounts to promote the Chinese government's image abroad (ProPublica)   …
Chinese medics arriving in Pakistan. 
Coronavirus: Chinese cinemas told to close just a week after reopening  …
People who think this video is prohibited in Mainland China should read Chinese channels more. This is not only widely reported in Mainland China but also be highlighted in the Chinese media as an example of how different locations should follow central government regulations.  …
Nationalities of the 7 new confirmed cases. 4 Kenyans 2 Congolese 1 Chinese - Health CS Mutahi Kagwe. If a Nigerian gets it, then Roysambu kwisha. #KaaNyumbani
Trains packed with thousands of passengers arrived in Wuhan Saturday as the Chinese city that was Ground Zero for the global coronavirus pandemic partly reopened after months in lockdown  
A Chinese cyberespionage actor targeted Canada and several other nations in what security experts are calling the “broadest campaign” of recent years.  …
It's not okay to keep Australians in hotels which are serviced everyday... but it's okay to keep Chinese-Australians on Christmas Island? Stop justifying your racism. We Are Tired Of Hearing Your Excuses #auspol #COVID19au
Day 2: Why don't Chinese people play cricket? Because they'd eat the bat.
BREAKING NEWS! Chinese president finally spoken on the issue of corona saying "shaing ting yang teng weng lemise..ding fong hong choo.,li'jiehang zhing zhong zgung ."I agree with him because it's for our own good. What do y"all think? 
Flashback: Scientists Warned That Bats And Chinese Wet Markets Could Foster The Next Pandemic — In 2013.  …
There are 7 more people that have test positive for coronavirus in Kenya, raising the number of confirmed cases to [38] The Health CS Mutahi Kagwe says the new cases are 4 Kenyans, 2 Congolese and 1 Chinese national. Stay at home and save a life. #KaaNyumbani
That moment when you decide to check twitter before you go to bed and see that your last tweet calling out racism in Australia against Chinese Australians has got 600+ replies and most of them are really offensive #fuckracism
8 member team of medical specialists along with #COVID19 related aid consisting of 100, 000+ corona virus testing kits 2,000,000+ masks 77,000+ suits & ventilators has arrived at islamabad Airport as a gift from #Chinese govt 
*COVID-19 UPDATE* 7 more people tested positive for COVID-19 bringing to a total of 38 those who have tested positive. Out of 81 samples in the last 24 hours. 4 Kenyans, 2 Congolese & 1 Chinese. 3 females & 4 males - Health CS Mutahi Kagwe #kaaNyumbani
7 Coronavirus cases confirmed in Kenya- total is 38. 4 Kenyan Nationals, 2 Congolese Nationals & 1 Chinese National. Nairobi 28 cases, Kilifi 6, Mombasa 2, Kajiado 1, Kwale 1. (Health CS tells police to treat ppl humanely-adds we are not going to hold back on enforcing measures) 
Another Chinese plane carrying 10k testing kits, 10k N95, 100k surgical masks & medical advisers lands in Islamabad. Received by FM SMQ. #Pakistan donated its entire mask inventory to #China in February, china returning the favor. Both living upto the Iron brothers 
If you’re looking for a booster shot for economy once the Chinese Wuhan Virus clears .... could thing of no better way than implementing the FairTax on an emergency basis. Think of going back to work knowing that from that point in you get 100% of your paycheck.
How did a virus that started in Wuhan in China not affect Beijing or Shanghai or any of the industrial cities in China? How did the virus travel around the world, crippling economies but left the Chinese economy largely untouched?
Now historians find evidence that the “Spanish flu” of 1918, which killed 50 million people, had originated from #China as well: It swept China a year ago, and was carried to the West by Chinese workers carried in sealed trains. ⁦ @NatGeo⁩  …
CORONAVIRUS KENYA: Health CS Mutahi Kagwe confirms 7 more cases bringing the total to 38; patients are four Kenyans, two Congolese and one Chinese. 
- 7 additional confirmed cases - Kenya now has 38 confirmed cases - 4 Kenyans among the 7, 1 Chinese - All the new 7 cases are from Nairobi - Nairobi now has a total of 28 cases - 4 of the 7 are male & 3 are female - Health CS Mutahi Kagwe. #KaaNyumbani
CSPAN HOST Jesse Holland claimed that there have been 100,000 deaths of the Coronavirus in the United States & was corrected by his own caller. Even worldwide we haven’t gotten anywhere near that number. I’ve said it before and I will say it again: THIS Chinese Virus IS A SCAM! 
Shri ⁦ @BSYBJP⁩ ji, not advisable to buy #Chinese First they have created this situation, Second they supplied faulty kits to other places. “Karnataka seeks to import 1 lakh Covid-19 rapid testing kits from China” Bengaluru News - Times of India  …
7 more people tested positive for #COVID19 Out of 81 samples in the last 24 hours. 4 kenyans, 2 congolese & 1 chinese. 3 females & 4 male. #CoronavirusOutbreak
This is how Chinese came into East Turkistan.... saying “we are only here to visit and going pass, this land, we will never stay, it’s your land!” ... now China is taking over the world, if not then killing it. #KeepChineseOut #StopChineseInvasion 
BREAKING: 7 more people test positive for coronavirus in Kenya, raising the number of confirmed cases to 38. Health CS Mutahi Kagwe says the new cases are 4 Kenyans, 2 Congolese and 1 Chinese national.
India has now 3 confirmed cases of #COVID2019. At this stage itself: 3rd Feb: PM Modi constitutes a Group of Ministers (E-GoM) to tackle emerging situations. 3rd Feb actions: Advisory against travel to China. e-Visas to all Chinese passport holders suspended. #CoronaUpdate 
Here's an exclusive live image of Redmi 9 with some key specs from a Chinese source MediaTek Helio G80 13MP Main + 8MP Wide + 5MP Macro + 2MP Depth Purple & Green color options (atleast 2) 
Chinese President Xi Jinping delivered a speech entitled "Working Together to Defeat the COVID-19 Outbreak" at the G20 Extraordinary Leaders' Summit on COVID-19.  
The INTENT shown by these Chinese Hubei residents approaching the front line of the Jiangxi police, reminds me of the the French yellow-vests. I had no idea that the Chinese people were standing up to authorities in this way. Something seems to be brewing there. #CCP 
Lu Han: 29-year-old the most successful and influential Chinese singer/actor  …
Chinese Embassy in #CzechRepublic hit back at accusations that 80% of China's donated testing kits are faulty, citing Czech's health authorities. Czech First Deputy Prime Minister Jan Hamáček also echoed that the high error rate is because of improper 
Chinese doctors admit China doesn't include asymptomatic cases in its overall COVID-19 count, though such cases constitute a sizable portion of those who test positive. Isn't it thus misleading  US's or Italy's numbers with China’s or to say the US has surpassed China?
Thank you our Chinese brothers and sisters .Chinese special aircraft just landed in Islamabad with 8 people medical team and over 10 tons medical aid. @CathayPak @BaozhongGwadar @libijian2 @CPEC_CSCEC @zlj517 @AmjadAzizMalik @SpokespersonCHN 
Flashback to February and a reminder why we cannot trust the Chinese government....The Chinese doctor (now dead) who tried to warn others about coronavirus - BBC News  …
Coronavirus pandemic has led to a 900 PERCENT increase of hate speech toward China and Chinese people on Twitter 
@HillaryClinton You are vile.The Chinese government are liars.  …
If the term ‘Chinese virus’ contradicts @WHO rules in not naming microbes after their place of origin, then why did @WHO name a previous coronavirus ‘MERS’ (Middle East respiratory syndrome’)? And why did it use the term ‘NDM-1’ (New Delhi MetalloBetaLactsmase-1) for a 
On Monday, the Alliance for Securing Democracy will unveil a tool to track the Chinese disinformation and give a sense of the narrative Beijing is pushing. The group’s Hamilton dashboard has long monitored Russian Twitter accounts and broadcast feeds.
“Russia has long spread multiple, seemingly contradictory disinformation narratives and then said, ‘How can we know for sure what happened, how can we know the truth?’” said @rosenbergerlm. “But now we see Chinese officials and media trying out those typically Russian tactics.”
Misguided Chinese medicinal beliefs aren't just dangerous for animals, they’re  dangerous for us too. It’s beyond time this conversation was had.  …
Special Friendship Special #Chinese plane with a team of medical professionals & relief assistance to fight #COVID19 landed in #Islamabad. FM @SMQureshiPTI & FS Sohail Mahmood expressed deep appreciation to Govt. & people of #China for its timely support.1/3 
TO ALL NCTZENS/WEISHENNIES please install weibo  under TEN'S posts with positive things!! there are fans of other Chinese artist who are leaving  there both in Thai and Mandarin!! PLEASE HELP!! #ProtectTenonWeibo
Ken Holm the Chinese Chef will not be on James Martin show this week, as he is unwell and is having a week off wok
 in N.S. donates thousands to QEII to help fight COVID-19  …
The Chinese people have had enough! 
Ambassador Yao Jing, FM Shah Mahmood Qureshi, FS Sohail Mahmood and #NDMA Chairman Muhammad Afzal are receiving the Chinese medical team who reached Islamabad & will stay in Pakistan for 2 weeks! #PakChinaSolidarity #IronBrothers 
A Beijing law firm sent a letter of attorney to the US Embassy in China, demanding an apology for the US misuse of term "Chinese virus." The embassy continued to provoke Chinese as it posted on Weibo referring #COVID19 as "Wuhan virus."  
“The Chinese Communist Party are the truly conservative ones right now. They recognize that everything has to change so that everything can stay the same. Trump isn’t able to perform that basic kind of statecraft of conservatism.” —  …
China will never be normal.Deadly Chinese in all aspects ( +18 ) Chinese Virus Trump Taeyong Kraliçe Elizabeth Roddy 
We spent months looking into a new internet network architecture being peddled by Huawei and the Chinese government, culminating in this front page news piece and magazine long read. Was amazing to work with @madhumita29 @YuanfenYang @AliceFishburn @estherbintliff 
According to Chinese government figures, 2,535 people in Wuhan died of the virus. The actual number of urns sent to mortuaries is far higher.  …
Coronavirus: why China’s ‘mask diplomacy’ is raising concern in the West  … "There are possibly strings attached such as underlining the Chinese narrative of ‘wise leader and successful political system"
The foreign affairs chief accused the health department of blocking the arrival of Chinese doctors who were supposed to help the country against 
Chinese 
We have 40,000 new test kits from SG. More reliable and faster than the Chinese test kits. I hope these get to the rightful patients and not just to the VIPs. @MrFrankBaraan @thenerdyderma Need your help to retweet. Thank 
This is how serious China treats #coronavirus threat. My Chinese friend went home yesterday. Beijing bound flight was deviated to Taiyuan, 500 km away. Met by staff in full protection gear. Quarantined for two weeks in nice hotel. Served three good meals a day. Can’t go out. 
PS: Read the book by Chinese Colonels Qiao Liang and Wang Xiangsui, from 1999, “Unrestricted Warfare: China’s master plan to destroy America”, on Amazon. It's all there. Worth pondering.. Just Think about this...
The CORONA VIRUS travelled entire world from Wuhan but it did not reached Beijing and Shanghai. Can anybody put light? Looks so logical.. After all Chinese Stock Market didn't crash. American and European Markets did.
A team of Chinese medical experts arrived to help manage Pakistan's #COVID19 crisis. During the 2-week stay, the team will share experiences & exchange views on use of technology. FM @SMQureshiPTI, @ndmapk chief & Chinese Ambassador Yao Jing received them 
Special flight also includes 8 Chinese doctors, specialists in #coronavirus, who will remain in Pakistan for two weeks #ChinaPakSolidarity @zlj517 @MFA_China #CoronaUpdate #WeSaluteYouAll #StayAtHomeAndStaySafe #Covid_19  … Courtesy: 
Must watch: China & ⁦  on #COVID19. Between Dec31 when China told WHO & Jan 20 when China told the world 200 million potentially infected Chinese flew globally during lunar new year holidays. Nidhi & Ankita do a fine job nailing this  …
The chartered plane brings here experts, medicine, ECOM etc. Most importantly, it brings Chinese passion and sincerity and it brings China and Pakistan closer!  …
China lie even about the weather temperature... Doubts surface over Chinese virus death toll after thousands of urns spotted in Wuhan  …
China In Action：Amb. Yao Jing, FM Shah Mahmood Qureshi, FS Sohail Mahmood and NDMA Chairman Muhammad Afzal are receiving the Chinese medical team who will stay in Pakistan for 2 weeks! #COVID19Pakistan #ChinaPakSolidarity @ArifAlvi @ForeignOfficePk @zlj517 
A paper by Chinese CCDC published in the Chinese Journal of Epidemiology found: 80.9% of #coronavirus infections are mild (flu-like symptoms) & recover at home 13.8%: severe = pneumonia & shortness of breath 4.7%: critical = respiratory failure, septic shock, organ failure
81 Per Cent Back Govt’s Efforts To Contain Covid-19, 47 Per Cent Believe The Virus Is Chinese Conspiracy: @jankibaat1 Survey @pradip103  … via @swarajyamag
Girls be having 6-7 boyfriends and saying "that's my hero". Sis you're assembling avengers to defeat Chinese coronavirus or what?
Plane carrying with Chinese medical team & supplies arrived at Islamabad. Airport staff are unloading medical supplies. #COVID19Pakistan #ChinaPakSolidarity @ArifAlvi @ForeignOfficePk @MFA_China 
That had surprised me about about the outbreak of corona where my mind has changed? Honestly, how media and Acela Corridor treat Chinese data as accurate and talk about it as if it means anything other CCP Propaganda. I thought that debate had been settled
Chinese fire fighting vehicle based on MRAP with 119mm fire-fighting gun. 
Gao Fu, Head of the Chinese CDC: you've got to wear a mask, because when you speak, there're always  out of your mouth. Many people have asymptomatic or presymptomatic infections. If they're wearing masks, it can prevent droplets from escaping and infecting others.  …
Macron seeking to counter Chinese/Russian narrative on aid to Italy, telling Italian newspapers "Why don’t we say that France and Germany have delivered 2 million masks and tens of thousands gowns to Italy?...I do not want this selfish and divided Europe." 
Great thread. Another voice of sanity. One caveat, the Chinese are lying. But we all know that and his point still stands.  …
"We are two nations with one heart! Dear Pakistani brothers and sisters, here  said Chinese medical team upon departure. @zlj517 @MFA_China @CathayPak 
Ok seriously? Chinese Lawyers Sue America on Conspiracy Theory  … via @BreitbartNews
35 year old Lu Xiaojun (81.3kg) 174kg snatch + 205kg Clean & Jerk at a Chinese test event! 
China In Action：Amb. Yao Jing met with FM Shah Mahmood Qureshi, FS Sohail Mahmood, NDMA Chairman Muhammad Afzal at the airport, awaiting the Chinese medical team and supplies. Everyone is ready! #COVID19Pakistan #ChinaPakSolidarity @ArifAlvi @ForeignOfficePk 
24/n In contrast @DrTedros is an advocate for the Chinese government’s #COVID2019 response. On Jan 28, he met Xi Jinping in Beijing &commended China for “setting a new standard for outbreak control” & praised the country’s top leadership for its“openness to sharing information”.
13/n Since China acceded to the @UN in 1971,it has periodically blocked Taiwan’s @WHO membership on the grounds that the democratically governed island is part of China. 2009-16,China allowed Taiwan to join the World Health Assembly,as an observer under the name Chinese Taipei.
8/n @rebeccacmyers further writes: Chinese diplomats had campaigned hard for the Ethiopian, using Beijing’s financial clout and opaque aid budget to build support for him among developing countries." The whole report can be read here  …
These were people who came directly from the virus’ source and it wasn’t just Chinese-Australians there. Govt was dealing with an unknown virus and were playing it safe. Don’t play the racism card. You as an MP should know better.  …
Having sex with a maid is not easy to live with. Whenever you hear her say "auntie I want to tell you something".... you can even develop symptoms of Chinese virus lol
An excellent piece by @Perseus852 Remember, it is the #CCP regime that is to blame, for lying and suppressing the truth, not ordinary ethnic Chinese or Asian people Say no to racism. Say no to CCP propaganda. Say no to #XiJinping's brutal, corrupt, dangerous  …
#ChinaPakSolidarity China In Action："We are two nations with one heart! Dear Pakistani brothers and sisters, here  said Chinese medical team upon departure. #COVID19Pakistan! @ArifAlvi @ForeignOfficePk @MFA_China 
Jack Dawkins, It's kicking off in China, the Chinese propaganda that their disease has gone is exposed as a lie as it's still on lockdown causing the public to rebel...... 
CHINESE Government: Claims Coronavirus Can be CURED by #Bear-Bile and #Goat-Horn!  
#UPDATE: The Chinese medical team consisted of eight experts have arrived in Islamabad, Pakistan. The team also brought 10,000 N95 masks, 100,000 surgical masks and 10,000 testing kits to support Pakistan. 
Another special plane arriving in Islamabad with 8-member special teams and medical supplies from the Chinese government! More than one million five thousand kits diagnosed in the equipment, more than 20 million masks sent over 77,000 medical cores and ventilators. 
81 per cent back government's efforts to contain Covid-19, 47 per cent believe the virus is Chinese conspiracy: @jankibaat1 @pradip103  …
This is literally a group chat with my friends just now. Everyone is trying to ship retail amount of supplies back to the US, while these grifters and pundits are just sitting on their asses and blaming “Chinese people” for hoarding supplies...AYFKM?! 
Im a Chinese 10vely. We are sorry for not protecting Ten well and we sincerely apologize.I have posted this tweet already but we need HELP.Liu’fans on weibo is outnumbered 10’s.We have tried our best but it’s not enough.Please help us! #ด้อมสิบล้านขี้เคลม #ProtectTenonWeibo 
The DOH is blocking the entry of Chinese doctors who were supposed to help in the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) crisis, according to Foreign Affairs Secretary Teodoro “Teddyboy” Locsin Jr. #COVID19PH |  …
Much easier to send them to Christmas Island when coronavirus wasn't a major issue as opposed to the current emergency. For the record, my niece is a doctor & dated an Australian Chinese she met at medicine school. His parents were against a relationship with "white trash".
Caixin - a reputable Chinese website - is estimating the death toll in Wuhan, based on number of urns ordered by mortuaries, at 40,000. Nearly 20x official figures  …
But @JacksonLeeTX18 is outraged how Chinese ppl are treated in this is what chinese ppl think of black ppl @_AfricanUnion then yall sitting on pause on the continent while the Chi-na man runs through kenya and where ever else doing  …
I can't believe accusing Chinese people "hoarding" PPE in January for causing the shortage now is a thing now. 
Team of Chinese doctors to arrive in Pakistan as nationwide tally soars past 1400  …
China is a police state. It has repeatedly lied about the Chinese Virus. Why should anyone believe the figures for deaths and infections published by the regime?  …
China is waging a double information war: one abroad and one for its own public, both led by the Chinese authorities with President Xi Jinping at its head. They apparently see the West as weak and submissive. We have been.  …
Has Trump agreed that he and his team will stop using the terms "Chinese Virus" & "Wuhan Virus"? What about the other theories flying in the air?  …
Chinese President XI JINPING's message to the entire WORLD : NO MING LING #ChinaVirus
FM @SMQureshiPTI at the Isb Airport to receive a special plane arriving from China carrying Chinese Doctors amd necessary equipment to help Pakistan fight Covid-19. Chinese Ambassador , Chairman NDMA and Foreign Secretary also present along side Foreign Minister.. 
It's time to kick all these  that have bought up our land and businesses back to f..king China and shut the door finally on that shit hole of  country. They have brought so much damage to our country.
Another Chinese plane carrying medical supplies arrives in Pakistan  …
An interesting CG simulation made by a Chinese military enthusiast gives a good understanding on how the R-73 (?) AAM was stored and launched off the Su-57 as shown in the latest promotional video. (Images via  
You cannot paint supply drives for Chinese doctors as hoarding and stealing one second and then feign respect for Chinese medical professionals another.
Just went to our favourite local Italian restaurant. It was distressing. The owner is a broken man, his business destroyed thanks to the Chinese Government. 3 staff left out of 12, all the others gone. I’m just so sad for our Country. The CCP has to pay. #COVID19Aus
A batch of emergency supplies including masks, protective gowns, test kits and respirators, donated from NW China's Xinjiang arrived at Pakistan Friday On Saturday, a Chinese medical team set off for Pakistan with nearly two tons of supplies  
#ChinaPakSolidarity China In Action："We are two nations with one heart! Dear Pakistani brothers and sisters, here  said Chinese medical team upon departure. #COVID19Pakistan! @ArifAlvi @ForeignOfficePk 
Bipartisan House resolution condemns Chinese government over handling of coronavirus response 
A Chinese man who lives in Lagos entered my DMs. He told me the  in Lagos returning from China in February decided to self Isolate .. It was a collective decision, the concept of cultural progress is strong with them. Did our elites self Isolate ?
Out of 60213 votes polled, 89 % don’t trust China after Corona Pandemic.. but I am amazed Chinese lobby still managed 11% supporters ! Who are they ? Remember China is buying everything-land, people,markets and even nations ! 
Chinese-Australians getting out of Wuhan were sent to fucking quarantine on Christmas island, a literal prison camp, and these fuckers  about being put in a 5 star hotel. get over your fucking selves.  …
#ChinaPakSolidarity China In Action A chartered plane with Chinese medical team& supplies has taken off. Amb. Yao Jing and FM Shah Mahmood Qureshi will receive them at airport. Please follow. #COVID19Pakistan! #Pakistan #China #CoronaUpdate 
Turkey rejects Chinese testing kits over inaccurate results  …
Man! It feels like they saw  and prepared way ahead. While the US and European markets are down, the Chinese are back to manufacturing because their Industries weren't affected. And guess what? Oil is at less than $30. Great time to buy. And the stock market? A steal.
Not wearing masks to protect against coronavirus is a ‘big mistake,’ top Chinese scientist says  …
Coronavirus: Turkey rejects China testing kits after discovering that thevdetection kits offered only to 40% accuracy. Spain withdrew 9,000 Chinese kits because they had just 30% accuracy The Czechfound that 80% of kits faulty. #PoliceBrutality #uhurumustgo
Or maybe that was the plan all along. Prepare ahead for the crisis, trigger the crisis and use it as an opportunity to showcase the efficiency of the Chinese Government.
China is sending a medical anti-virus expert team consisting of doctors and nurses from Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region to Pakistan on Saturday, announced Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang on Saturday. (file photo) 
After its first episodes broadcast, #陈情令 is now among Top 20 Highest Rated Dramas on WOWOW TV, ranking in 7th place&1st place among Asian dramas It's said that producer said Japanese version may air scenes that weren't in Chinese,Korean nor SpecialEdition! #WangYibo 
Just got unfriended on Facebook by a very silly woman and her very silly husband for saying the Chinese Govt is responsible for the Caronavirus. Which apparently makes me Hitler. My Facebook feed is mostly virtue-signalling clear.
BEWARE: DO NOT ALLOW anyone in your house  in a group for allegedly checking and testing for Chinese Virus. Immediately call police if you see such teams who want to enter your house for check-up. They can be criminals go to the purpose of looting vulnerable people. 
That thread yesterday really hit me hard. How did a virus that started in Wuhan in China not affect Beijing or Shanghai or any of the industrial cities in China? How did the virus travel around the world, crippling economies but left the Chinese economy largely untouched?
This why I blame them for Corona and dont feel sorry when Trump called it Chinese disease.
Why do we even need Chinese doctors?  …
Not 1 case of Chinese Virus from Beijing and Shanghai. Why so?
#BREAKING In order to help #Pakistan cope with the novel #coronavirus epidemic, the Chinese government has decided to send an anti-epidemic medical expert team to Pakistan, said Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang on Saturday. #FightTogether 
[MISC] 200328 Fan: Big strawberry will you have a Chinese song this year? Will you release your 2nd album this year? Quick answer me @JacksonWang852: Maybe Hahahaha #BlessedToHaveJackson #KingJacksonDay #JacksonWang #王嘉尔 #잭슨 #TEAMWANG #GOT7 
Announcement on the Temporary Suspension of Entry by Foreign Nationals Holding Valid Chinese Visas or Residence Permits. by Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China, National Immigration Administration plz note: there are some exceptions. 
Chinese women spreading virus ..Chinese have many agents Doing this and media is hiding it .. this should be called #ChineseVirus19 #ChinaVirus #lockdown @republic 
The Chinese government is  an injection containing bear bile to treat severe and critical symptoms of the coronavirus, National Geographic reported.  …
Wuhan, the Chinese city where the coronavirus first emerged last year, has partly reopened after more than two months in isolation. People are now allowed to enter Wuhan, but not leave
Huge capacity bolstering: Alibaba and Jack Ma Foundations have donated 50,000 test kits and 5,00,000 face masks. China also handed over two tons of masks, test kits, ventilators, medical protective clothes through Khunjerab. Team of 8 Chinese medical experts also arriving today
Dear viewers, If you are seeing me now, you know I have been stung by the Coronary virus and the Chinese have had  way with me... Pauline. 
According to Twitter convention, that will be victim blaming. And we all know victims - self inflicted or assisted or not - are not to blamed. So let's blame the Chinese and leave the guy and his fiancée alone. Let's have empathy and he kind. They are mere blameless victims.  …
Chinese Communist Party has offered Pakistan’s ruling party to get benefit from its experience of fighting the #Covid19  …
fuck all of you who chose to call it “Wuhan virus or Chinese virus” FUCK YOU
Chinese Government  Injection Containing Bear Bile To Treat Coronavirus.  …
Eternal optimist in me sees all good for India in this lockdown and migration in post #CoronaWorldOrder .......this reset- a much needed one will change human beingd across social classes and subjects.....while west's sense of invincibility is gone, so will be Chinese hegemony
#ChinaPakSolidarity China In Action：A chartered plane with Chinese medical team& supplies has taken off. Amb. Yao Jing and FM Shah Mahmood Qureshi will receive them at airport. Please follow. #COVID19Pakistan! @ArifAlvi @ForeignOfficePk 
DOH BLOCKS ENTRY OF CHINESE MEDICAL MISSION TO PH: LOCSIN Foreign Sec. Teddy Boy Locsin earlier today tweeted: "I ASKED AMB. HUANG to send us Chinese doctors. Interpreters are no problem: Chinese General Hospital and the Metropolitan Hospital—where Yuc…  
Tibet has basically eradicated absolute poverty, a feat that shows the institutional strengths of socialism with Chinese characteristics: article  
The Cheesecake Factory, which operates 294 locations in 39 states around the country, says it cannot pay rent on any of its locations due to the loss of business from the Chinese coronavirus.  …
"The Chinese Communist regime has through its ineptitude, dishonesty and negligence unleashed a virus that will leave tens of thousands dead and likely cause a global recession. We must NOT allow this totalitarian regime to re-write history." #ChinaLiedThousandsDied
A Chinese medical team consisting of doctors and nurses from #Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region left on Saturday to  the #COVID19 outbreak in #Pakistan: China's Foreign Ministry said. (File 
Thousands of death due to #ChineseWuhanVirus is of no concern to him At best he wants to say is that the virus from #China is not deadly Why wud anyone say this unless n until that person is a Chinese OR a Chinese stooge #CoronaLockdown #ChineseVirus #Ramayan #CoronaUpdate
I thought Zimbabweans are “educated” Even when they lost one of their famous faces they still believe in 5 confirmed cases. Surely most of them would  across a chapter on “Probabilities” at O level maths. More Chinese citizens have died in Zimb than any African Nation! 
Chinese help to Pakistan to fight corona arrives  …
The problem with this stat is that it includes politely pointing out that Chinese culture permits the barbarism of #wetmarkets; the cooking alive of dogs and cats; and that #coronavirus was caused by some people in Wuhan eating bats and/or pangolins. 'Hate' shouldn't censor  …
OVERWATCH LEAGUE IS BACK CHINESE TEAMS ARE BACK Watch @overwatchleague 
Chaewon had Chinese food after a long time They ordered in Jjangmyeon, Jjamppong, sweet and sour pork and shrimp And now shes eating ice cream while waiting for something/someone She also had fun playing PUBG on her phone that day She asks us what games we play #ChaewonMail
I live in Beijing and confirm that I haven’t stepped foot outside since Jan 20! And I can see from my apartment that others haven’t either. These people haven’t even been to China, but they seem to know about China more than foreigners living in China or Chinese themselves lol
Something did happen in Akure. @DefenceInfoNG @HQNigerianArmy Pls check 1. Boko Haram 2. Pipelines 3. Chinese nuclear weapons spreading #COVID19 #ChineseVirus19 4. Asteroids @NASA predicted. Our sizemologists and geologists are make up artists and Dangote truck drivers. Sad 
When #Wuhan was locked down Jan 23, Chinese mainland had only 835 confirmed cases. Then 42,000 medical workers & equipment were mobilized n poured in from all over the country. Thanks to Rania's video, I start to gather what we have been through since then.  …
After Spain and Czech Republic, now Turkey discards faulty Chinese Coronavirus testing kits over inaccurate results  …
With 54 new cases reported on Mar 27, the number of imported #COVID19 cases from 41 countries in the Chinese Mainland reached 649, including: UK: 193 US: 93 Spain: 73 France: 56 Italy: 51 Iran: 47 Philippines: 37 
If you believe the narrative being pushed that demonizes Chinese people without doing proper extensive research first, you are supporting imperialism, colonialism, expansionism and fascism. You are not on the left, nor progressive nor peaceful.
Have you asked yourself why the CoronaVirus pandemic did not spread into Chinese popular cities like Shangai and Beijing??? It only happened in Wuhan and ended there. China used this virus as a bio weapon to make them  the leading country.
I hope that if you buy Chinese government debt you are kept awake at night thinking whether or not your cash is being used to build gulags in Xinjiang, crush protests in Hong Kong, and perfect surveillance tech that will soon be imported to your own country. Enjoy your returns.  …
Finally Watching 5 films I always wanted to #finallywatching 1. In Which Annie Gives It Those Ones 2. Lady With The Dog 3. Lilies of the Field 4. The Nightingale (Chinese) 5. The Hidden Blade @mubi @mubiindia @svetlana25 @chhabs @RandeepHooda @radhika_apte @sandymridul
How much is the Chinese government paying you?  …
 in N.S. donates thousands to QEII to help fight COVID-19  
#Chinese local governments are giving out billions of yuan to citizens through #digital vouchers and coupons to stimulate domestic consumption.  
After Spain and Czech Republic, now Turkey discards faulty Chinese Coronavirus testing kits over inaccurate results  …
Foreign Affairs Secretary Teddy Boy Locsin asks the Department of Health to stop blocking the entry of Chinese doctors to help with the country's fight against COVID-19 
A plane carrying Chinese medical aid arrived on Friday at the International Airport of Algiers, as part of Chinese efforts to  spread of novel #coronavirus in Algeria 
It’s largely Chinese Americans in what I’ve seen that have gotten ahead of this and demanded China-like intensity in the early going. I credit them with sparing much of the West coast from NY’s pandemonium so far. Of course no good deed goes unpunished.  …
A team of eight chinese doctors arrive in Pakistan: Dr Zafar Mirza  … #BaaghiTV #Pakistan #China #Coronavirus #ChineseDoctors
Turkey has tossed out a batch of Chinese-made coronavirus tests because of "inaccurate results." Spain withdrew 9,000 Chinese kits because they had just 30% accuracy. The Czech Republic found that 80% of its kits from China were faulty. Let’s hope Jack Ma’s are accurate.
Imagine seeing Ten in NCT's debut song, Winwin in 127 for years, Lucas in NCT U, Kun go on Weekly idol as an NCT member and them singing regular in chinese to then say WayV isn't NCT. When SM debuts a japanese unit and it won't be called "NCT Japan" y'all will go crazy again
Last night Ch. 4 had a special report on the Corona virus. In it, I saw distressing scenes of a Chinese wet market. Cats, dogs, badgers in cages waiting to be slaughtered. So the Chinese can eat them for dinner. The sad faces of those animals will haunt me for years.
Commenting on Chinese–U.S. relations & #COVID19 on WeChat is tricky these days. Friend's account blocked for seemingly innocuous remark. At a time when supportive US hashtags are even taken offline from Chinese social media ( #美国加油), anything is apparently on the no go list.
#coronavirus test kits pour off #SouthKorean production line One factory is now making 350,000 COVID-19 test kits a day Daily output will increase to a million next month #Europe, did you hear that? Why countries buy faulty #Chinese test kits?  …
As you very well know you trouble making Greens MP, that was a measure taken well before our Government had time to set up any other way of handling the situation. No doubt you Greens would have taken the Chinese Australians into your own homes! FRAUD!  …
Fuck that Chinese propaganda, fuck the CCP!  …
i promise anyone accusing the  party of “han nationalism” or “ethnonationalism” is a liberal
Translation (RFI Mandarin): Japan's vice PM said World Health Organization (WHO) should be renamed as Chinese Health Organization (CHO).  …
Hong Kong and Taiwan (especially) are doing well this time because of the crisis we experienced during SARS. We know the Chinese government are habitual liars. It’s understandable that they might want to figure out the situation before issuing a warning. However, evidence
S.A Government will not be able to tap into support from Western Capital Markets because of this downgrade, Only Chinese and Russian money does not recognize Western Rating Agencies.
World needs to teach lesson to China. Say no to China #BoycottChina globally, no trade, no buying Chinese goods, no visa to Chinese......  …
History tells us that all epidemics was blamed on someone. US had the Chinese, Black Death was blamed on the Jews. In #LKA, many misbehaved despite clear govt. #COVID19 advice, but only the Muslims are singled out by race in a top-down media narrative. Scapegoating has now begun!
the DIAD issue on weibo: a thread #ด้อมสิบล้านขี้เคลม i am not sure if intl fans are aware of this, but thai and chinese wayzennis have been doing their best to clear ten's searches because there are horrible posts on weibo about ten and 10velys. @WayV_official pls do smth
There’s no racism nor any discrimination against Chinese Australians. This arrogant, pathetic & despicable race-baiting is wholly unnecessary, sure funny people have cracked #Coronavirus jokes @me but race-baiting? Go away loser. Just stop it. #auspol #coronavirusaustralia
Hundreds of Journalists are being laid off This is the greatest news  out since the Chinese Virus Crisis ! Bahahahahahahahaha! You love to see it!  …
Wasn’t that at about the same time as domestic Chinese operatives were gathering together Australia’s essential medical supplies and sending them to China?
#ChinaPakSolidarity China in Action: A 8-member medical team sent by Chinese Government is warmly seen off in Xinjiang before leaving for Pakistan. They will bring expertise in prevention, control, diagnosis&treatment on #COVID19Pakistan! @ArifAlvi @ForeignOfficePk 
Jenny, there is no racism nor discrimination against Chinese Australians at all. Sure funny people have cracked #Coronavirus jokes at me, but to try & race-bait to make us look like victims is absolutely despicable, pathetic & arrogant. Please stop it. #Coronavirus  …
Spain says the test kits they imported from China are only 30% accurate. Karnataka would do well to do a coin toss for each patient instead. That would give results in 2 seconds and would be 50% accurate on avg, a full 20% more than the chinese kits.  …
Turkish gov has cast aside a sample of Chinese-made coronavirus rapid testing kits after finding out that they gave inaccurate results. Turkey was among 3 countries able to produce their own real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) tests.  …
Woah, just back up there. Massive difference between China (aka the Chinese government which often deserves all the ‘hate’ speech it gets) and Chinese people.  …
Chinese Australians were literally sent to Christmas island's detention centre  …
The Czech media has also reported problems with Chinese-made test kits. On Monday, a health official in the Moravia-Silesia region claimed that 80% of results from Chinese rapid testing products were flawed. Not known which firm manufactured those kits.  …
If you use a toilet shack at a Chinese bat and dog slaughterhouse you have to feel lucky walking away with only COVID.
Imagine if they had been sent to Christmas fucking Island like the Chinese. Is there no end to the entitlement of Quiet Australians?  …
Story below of Spanish Society of Infectious Diseases and Clinical Microbiology, 1 of Spain’s leading research institutes, posted on its website that it had found nose swabs developed by the  had an accuracy rate of less than 30% . Yep.  …
No. The first person to get that virus was an American private named Albert Gitchell. He had never been to China nor was there any reported contact with Chinese workers. The US military then spread it around the world.
(1) It was an expensive airlift rescue mission. (2) Not everybody rescued was 'Chinese.' (3) Onshore facilities were subsequently identified at Howard Springs (NT). (4) Hotel vacancies mean that rooms are now available. (5) The situation is evolving, please try to keep up.
21 Million Chinese Cellphone Users Disappear in Three Months of Pandemic 
Breaking : Corona virus is tested Chinese.
Message: Don’t trust the Chinese numbers.  …
It’s a fact, Chines don’t like Africans, we must mobilize African Union to educate Asians and Chinese in particular who want to do business with us to never practice racism in any African country as it must be a serious criminal offense.
Coronavirus: Turkey rejects Chinese testing kits over inaccurate results, while shutting down all public spaces, cafes & religious gatherings.  …
President Trump works hard around the clock battling the Chinese Virus & to stabilize the economy. Americans see Trump works hard for them Trudeau has Canada in a mess during the crisis + plots to raise taxes. I kid you not, Trudeau got a doctor's note to hide in his cottage  
Why has Europe not woken up earlier to the covid19 threat? Arrogance, ignorance? Initial Chinese cover-up? Interesting debate here.  …
I Skyped with my therapist twice this week cause I needed it. She’s Chinese American and told me that someone came up to her at the grocery store and asked if she ate bats. Someone asked her if she just got back from China. And someone threw something out their car window at her.
Multiple sailors on a @Maersk container ship tested positive for #coronavirus at port of Ningbo-Zhoushan, the busiest port in China, raising fears that #COVID19 may ultimately cripple global seaborne #trade: Chinese media reported. 
Edgars is the first high profile casualty of Chinese imports, they  with the demand from our low  consumers for cheap clothing where they used to be the most viable option, in  here someone even called them  to?..
Can we crack down on Chinese trafficking of Pangolins now??? [she said into the Twitter abyss]  …
We Chinese feel the same way. U hv been in office 4 only a few yrs, but we Chinese hv been vilified by them 4 decades! They care more about us than their dear mothers! U don’t like them, neither do we. The best solution is we expell reporters of each other, so u win twice.  …
“forget manmade differences among human beings” Seeing the eating habits of these Chinese (eating every damn thing that moves), I wish the manmade differences was still here and the Corona Virus was limited to them only. @ShekharGupta is  …
Happy 34th birthday @ladygaga ! Thank you for your kindness and all the things you've done for us! We Chinese little monsters always love you! 
It's the perfect time to  pollute the air, when there's a pandemic that (*checks notes*) makes it hard to breathe. Somebody needs to check whether Ivanka's Chinese trademarks include "Trump Caskets."  …
In addition, chloroquine has demonstrated its efficacy in Chinese COVID-19 patients in clinical trials by reducing fever, improving CT imaging, and delaying disease progression
luhan is more than an “exo former member” he’s a famous chinese idol
Chinese Joker is savage. 
A Chinese book written in 1999: Unrestricted Warfare: A Master Plan to Destroy America. A book about a military strategy: #SaveUyghurs from 
And remember, COVID-19 didn't just get here last month, it came here in December with 10's of thousands of Chinese visiting America when no one knew it was an issue. In essence, COVID-19 has been in America for almost the entire flu season and killed 1700 while flu killed 55k.
Don’t Let the Chinese Communist Party Use the Coronavirus to Its Advantage  …
Maturity eludes you so damn much, You want @jidesanwoolu to probably share Chinese rice or KFC rather than this? I don't blame you. Whenever I pass shrine in Ikeja. All the guys lurking around are always begging for money/food. Since you can't cater for them, You can't understand  …
WHO failed the world by parroting Chinese coverup lines #ChinaVirus This is in context That If #CCPchina had acted three weeks earlier than they did The number of coronavirus cases could have been reduced by 95% & Its geographic spread  …
Big props for Josh for bucking the Washington Post trend in just regurgitating Chinese propaganda. But I'm sure we'll be back tomorrow.  …
No new domestically transmitted cases of the #COVID_19 were reported on the Chinese mainland on Friday, said Chinese health authority Saturday. The NHC received reports of 54 new confirmed COVID-19 cases on the Chinese mainland on Friday, all of which were imported. 
interview with George Gao, director-general of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC):  
my food on those spinny table thingys at chinese restaurants fighting for my attention 
( #johnjae/os) one last glace ancient chinese au raw:  … 
Chinese medical experts have been working to provide medical information online to citizens stranded overseas as the pandemic accelerates its spread globally.  #coronavirus 
I’m a Chinese fan.I'm sorry that we didn't protect TEN. I think he must be so sad.We will try our best to protect TEN.Thank you so much for your love of ten. He's really cute. He's also very handsome on the stage. We really like him! 
Chinese foreign ministry has replied to the open letter co-signed by publishers of three U.S. media outlets. The following is the full text of the reply:  
Wait a minute. If Chinese virus is racist, why is Spanish flu absolutely fine?  …
This music twice a day for couple of days will itself dumb this Chinese Virus along with Liberals. Jai Shree Ram 
Don't read this thread. It talks to the deceits used by China to hide the number of deaths in Wuhan. The Philippines, of course, is following the Chinese model. But we know, from DOH, the Philippines is a model country and yada yada yada we eat bananas.  …
Chinese Australian artist @badiucao flew into #Australia from #Prague on a flight with people coughing all over the place. He got a fever, got sick and went for a #coronavirus test in #Melbourne which was negative but doctor suggested could be false negative. So...  …
Chinese virus..is that better?
Notice a pattern? Turkey has tossed out a batch of Chinese-made coronavirus tests because of "inaccurate results." Spain withdrew 9,000 Chinese kits because they had just 30% accuracy. The Czech Republic found that 80% of its kits from China were faulty.  …
8) Why were 50,00,000 people sent from Wuhan "to different parts of the world" without medical examination? 9) There was a minor case in Italy till 6 February. Suddenly Chinese 'We are Chinese, not a virus, embrace us.' #ChineseVirus19 #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
A letter from Albert, who is arrested for over 127 days. "Our real enemy is the Chinese Communist Party... .Hongkongers, resist! Hongkongers, avenge!" he said Cont' watching:  #StandWithHongKong 
#PMOfIndia Kindly observe the depth of this reality by the Chinese person. We have to work together  out from this dependency upon CHINA. 
This literally does not matter. Please stop pretending you care enough about Chinese people dying enough to have paid attention to real numbers.  …
Why is it Okay to say Spanish Flu! but people lambasted Donald Trump when he refer covid-19 as Chinese virus
Btw it's fine to call that flu "Spanish flu" but it's racist to call Coronavirus "Chinese flu" eh?
Chinese Firm Offers to Replace Faulty Test Kits Sold to Spain  
He called the coronavirus a hoax He called the coronavirus “Chinese virus” He blamed the media He blamed governors He cares more about the economy than people But go on, 51% of Americans who approve of how Trump has handled the #CoronavirusOutbreak...
#ChinaVirus @WHO : to rename CoVid19 as #ChinaVirus & @CIJ_ICJ ask Chinese govt  every death - Sign the Petition!  via @ChangeOrg_India
Guess what? You can believe that both the Chinese government and the US government have fucked up royally without any contradiction. #COVID19
Chinese billionaire and co-founder of Alibaba, Jack Ma, says he will donate masks, test kits and protective suits to all countries in Africa to help the continent in its fight against the novel coronavirus 
“The more you eat, the less flavor; the less you eat, the more flavor.” –Chinese Proverb
Ethiopia's Mursi tribe says they were imprisoned and tortured to protect Chinese sugar plantations. 
 of clunky Western ideology (socialism) and obscurantist national narcissism that the Chinese Communist Party embraces today really IS a hideous echo of Nazi Volkish ideology, in case anyone still cares.
Really Joe? You LIE about @realDonaldTrump & @GovRonDeSantis! YOU are the only one with a “lax approach” to the Chinese Virus! YOU opposed travel restrictions YOU didn’t refill the mask stockpile YOU attached Green New Deal to relief for Americans Look inward  …
China exports virus, shuts borders, opens businesses.  supply medical equipment. Chinese investors look to take over distressed assets. Chinese president tells G20 to remove tariffs. After putting the world economy in ICU,China is selling the world ventilators  …
Why? Is an effort to tank the economy, creating insane panic, 24/7 lies about everything as their last opportunity to torpedo @realDonaldTrump .He continues working to save America of the Chinese virus, and to restore the economy. I have the feeling this pandemic was created.  …
Hey Donald Trump, Chinese billionaire Jack Ma and countless Chinese healthcare professionals stand ready to help. How about a shoutout of gratitude from you to them?  …
. @badiucao is a Chinese artist and dissident. Please consider supporting him on Patreon:  …
Correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems that Chinese workers were imported by  to sew garments in Italy so they could have a Made in Italy label -- just like Chinese firms (some owned by the ChiCom army) did in Saipan a while back, so they could say Made in USA.
News came yesterday that British Prime Minister Boris Johnson tested positive for COVID-19. I called on people on Chinese social media platform to support UK: Stay strong UK, stay strong Europe. The post received 14,000 likes. 
George Gao, director-general of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), says it’s a “big mistake” not to be using masks.  … 
Sick Chinese mentality 
Vachirawit Chivaaree (Nickname: Bright) is a Thai actor of Thai-Chinese-american descent. He followed Jisoo on Instagram Also he is the Main Role in a Thai Romantic Drama Comedy Television called "2gether @ygofficialblink #블랙핑크 #지수 #BLACKPINK #JISOO 
If you are Chinese and have been in Australia for under 20 years you are here because you have a good social credit score. Nationalism is a key educational requirement there, and first loyalty is to China. Why is this story surprising people?
Shocking movie scene. MUST WATCH.. #corona was talked about in a chinese movie in 2018. It is a pre planned bilogocal war by china. This tv series of 2018, they already knew about Corona virus. This movie is now removed from Netflix etc #ChineseBioterrorism 
The media increasingly is not really mainstream.. The failed to persuade the Americans people that this Virus is all Trumps fault. They also failed to convince the people that the genocidal Chinese govt.,that started this mess,.. are the Heroes. The hoax has backfired
I'm going to say it again, @jenniferatntd is pretty much the most remarkable human I've ever talked to. She actually went to a harsh prison to support Chinese freedoms, and is an amazing and fearless reporter, exposing the darkest secrets of one of the most dangerous regimes.
the doctor who first warned about coronavirus was arrested when he spoke out. chinese journalists are risking their lives to put info out about the chinese governments negligence and  on here are ignoring that to make some mute point about western propaganda????  …
Coronavirus pandemic has led to a 900 PERCENT increase of hate speech toward China and Chinese people on Twitter 
55% of Americans *disapprove* of the Media's handling of the Chinese #coronavirus pandemic. 60% *approve* of @realDonaldTrump! 
Amazing project supporting those Chinese elders who are impacted by isolation, organized by some great folks! And you (!!!) if you have financial capacity, please donate today!  …
Woman sacked from Academy job after sending ‘racist messages’ to Chinese student  
TRANS: Title: There will be a Chinese series very soon, which is owned by Handsome Company, who manages us in China. After this crisis, we will begin shooting. Me: Title will act together with Perth in Chinese series #KDPPE #PerthTanapon #กลจของตต  …
Have you ever eaten Flos Sophorae? Many spring flowers are uesd in Chinese food. Steam the flowers with a thin layer of flour. Then eat it with sauce! Very refreshing! #food #foodie #Cooking #Twitter家庭料理部 #お腹ペコリン部 #おうちごはん 
Frontline US hospitals are piecemeal  with Chinese counterparts to learn how to save lives, which suggests there is no US gov effort to coordinate expert consultations from China. For reference, Italy has hosted four Chinese CDC delegations in its fight
This can also be seen in the genomic data, where the Chinese epidemic dies out during Feb, but by this point the damage was already done and sparks had landed in Europe and the US. These sparks grew into fires and lead to the current epidemic.  
Not political: we should've been better prepped for a pandemic like this esp when Chinese numbers  in early January!!! We missed the opportunity!!! #COVIDー19
“Someone decided to target Chinese citizens. Our brave police were acting on someone’s orders. No one was detaining Italians or Iranians. Just the Chinese.”  …
The reason we are not all wearing masks is we don’t have enough masks even for healthcare workers. With asymptomatic spreaders as we re emerge into more closed spaces, it  sense that masks will help. Chinese I know are absolutely convinced (with data) it spreads In air.
What is particularly shocking about this retaliatory move, after the Trump administration took action against several Chinese Communist Party-controlled outlets, is that for the first time, those foreign correspondents are also barred from reporting from Hong Kong and Macau.
While the world is busy trying to contain the spread of the deadly coronavirus, Chinese authorities last week pulled credentials from journalists at three major media outlets: the @nytimes, @WSJ and @washingtonpost.
An ancient Chinese noblewoman likely played polo on donkeys instead of horses—and enjoyed the pursuit so much, she was buried with her prized charges 
Hope the Jihadist loving, India and Hindu Hater under the garb of Journalism and free speech who created hatred between Hindus and Muslims remain safe where she is and doesn't contract Chinese Virus from her likes. @RanaAyyub Stay Safe. India needs to try you for spreading  …
Do you trust Chinese Communist Party to act in a safe, above board & honest manner in its activities in Australia, such as buying Australian industry & agricultural land, in contrast to its deceptive, reckless, manipulative, repressive behaviour generally? #OperationSunshine2020
Religious leaders have failed to cancel congregational meetings in Ethiopia, despite government orders to limit large gatherings amid the Chinese coronavirus outbreak in the country, alarmed African health officials noted on Thursday. 
COVID-19: Chinese health authorities confirm patient zero 'had sex with bats'  …
Chinese have always been world travelers, emigrating to every country on earth, enriching every nation with their diligence, intelligence and family values. It is telling that many have now chosen to return to China, the world’s safest nation during this global healthcare crisis.
George Gao, head of the Chinese CDC, who incidentally specialises in lipid envelope viruses, also  universal mask wearing. Interview is interesting for frank answers on mis-steps & corrections.  …
Chinese banks brace for bad debt blowout as coronavirus pandemic piles weight on to struggling, debt-ridden businesses  …
If you don’t think that the United States Government covered up just as much, of not more, than the Chinese Government when  to #COVID19, I want some of whatever you’re drinking...
look mate if the chinese did actually engineer coronavirus then fair fucks to xi and the boys. i might even download tik tok if that were true. hell, i'd load my whole consciousness to the chinese state
375. U.S. Approves Abbott Labs Five-Minute ‘Rapid’ Chinese #Coronavirus Test. The ID NOW #COVID19 tests will be available next week with the ability to deliver 50,000 tests per  …
Luhan is a famous Chinese idol known for his own songs too... 
This would be laughable if it wasn't so irresponsible leading to many potential lives lost. President Trump closes travel to China in Jan. and NYC has a Chinese New Years Parade in Feb. Doesn't this explain why NYC has 50% of US Coronavirus cases?  …
#BREAKING Chinese doctors have found a cure for Coronavirus. It can also be used as a preventative to avoid unnecessary positive test results. Thank you, China. 
Worse. The Chinese are admitted authoritarians. Our overlords are still saying we're free as they deepen the martial law/police state.  …
As the Chinese hide their numbers, Clinton mocks Trump for America having the most coronavirus infections  …
If coronavirus has taught us anything it’s that the Chinese regime cannot be trusted.  …
21 Million Chinese Cellphone Users Disappear in 3 months #COVID19 The real death toll in China is a mystery. The cancellation of 21 million cellphones provides a data point that suggests the real number may be far higher than the official number.
Despite a scientific consensus pointing to China’s wildlife trade as the most likely cause of the coronavirus pandemic, the Chinese government is currently touting 痰热清, a treatment containing bile milked from bears held in captivity.  …
“Curt Schilling a great pitcher and patriot, has been added to the Chinese Virus Response Team”. - DJT
Step 1: Something like “美国加油” is blocked on a Chinese social media platform. Step 2: Facing public outrage, the Chinese social media platform stops blocking that term. Step 3. Wumao then say “see, it’s not blocked now, it must be fake news.” It happens every time.
Trolls of Chinese Communist Party & Pakistani ISPR trolling each other. Start your day with some laughter #ChineseVirus #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChineseVirusCorona #ChineseBioterrorism #CoronaLockdown 
“First, the waning legitimacy of international institutions. #WHO’s response to the outbreak, with its indulgence of the official Chinese line for far too long” ⁦ @ShashiTharoor⁩ & I write for the ⁦ @IndianExpress⁩ on #COVID19 #NewWorldDisorder  …
"Chinese doctors are role models," says a Cambodian student Sok Sambo who joined Chinese medical team to fight #COVID19  
Chinese Virus infected whole world but not Beijing & Shanghai, HOW? -American, European markets crashed but not Chinese, HOW ? -Jack Maa became Asia's richest person leaving behind Mukesh Ambani, HOW ? -Entire world under lockdown & China back on track HOW ?
Alternate headline: @cnn is garbage and a wholly owned subsidiary of the @dnc and regularly pushes Chinese government propaganda. The same government whose actions have killed thousands and destroyed the world economy.  …
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang Fri urged global cooperation to fight #COVID19 during a phone talk with Croatian Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic, saying China is ready to engage in int'l cooperation with EU to exchange and share experience in epidemic prevention, control and 
I took the postcard that came in the mail that said Trump's Guidelines For the Coronavirus, wrote on in marks-a-lot, Hey Pino, don't you mean the Chinese virus? Put it in a mailer and mailed it to the White House.
The Chinese virus pandemic is generating economic havoc, which could cement China as an economic superpower and bankrupt its adversaries #ChinaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak @EmmaRincon  …
It’s actually not hate speech, ppl from all around the globe are cursing China for endangering humanity . Need for #BoycottChinese globally. Coronavirus: Huge surge of hate speech toward Chinese on Twitter - Republic World  …
Chinese biotechs, flush with funds and armed with ideas, join the race to find a coronavirus cure as pandemic ravages the world  …
Chinese mainland reports zero increase in domestic COVID-19 cases; all of the 54 new cases are imported  
pornhub isn’t doing a better job than xi jinping and the  party, what do you mean?  …
Chinese test kits for #coronavirus turn out to be ‘Chinese Maal’. Sub standard. 
#Spain finds #Chinese #coronavirus Rapid Test Kits faulty. Spanish health authorities find Chinese Test kit results unreliable, 70% results inaccurate. Spain bought 6,40,000 Chinese Rapid test kits. Daniele Grasso journalist from El Pais, Spain joins me on #IndiaFirst from  …
The  out of Hubei's border with Jiangxi are incredible Remember these scenes next time you hear a Chinese leader or diplomat lash out at the West. These are the kinds of pressures which drive much of China's external behavior  …
If the Chinese government knew, did not report and did not protect,  a crime against humanity and those who have infected the world cannot pretend to be saviours! #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #ChinaMustPay #CoronaUpdate  …
The Chinese killed my gains and I will never forgive them for this
UP folks, If you want FREE Temp check, Face Mask, Hand Gloves AND a free car wash before getting an opportunity to get free test for #COVID19 plus 14 days free stay among other suspected Chinese Virus Patients, Please go out of your homes! Our @uppolice is waiting 
Hillary, Obama and Soros are working overtime Lawyers working for the Chinese govt filed lawsuits in Chinese courts this week charging the U.S. CDC, DOD, and WH for allegedly “covering up” the true origins of the Wuhan coronavirus.  …
A team of 8 Chinese doctors arrives in Pakistan today, to review Govt's steps taken to check spread of #Coronavirus and provide technical support: @zfrmrza  … #COVID2019 #BeatTheVirus #BeatCOVID19 #Covid19
This has a lot more to do with how much she used to trash Paul Ryan then anything she said about the Chinese Flu...
There are huge deposits of methane ice at Benham Rise (Philippine Rise). That's where President Duterte allowed a Chinese survey ship to work, unimpeded.  …
So funny how mother fucking chinese china wuhan fucks can get people  take their order at coffee shops but indians and malays need to go order our own food. Racial harmony simi lan jiao cb.
President Trump will make sure our children return to school after this kill Chinese Virus! I do feel for the kids who are in abusive homes because school is there safe space & I feel for the kids who depend on school lunch. I was once that kid! PRESIDENT IS WORKING TO HELP THEM
Seriously? This will be a bigger problem than the Chinese Bat Virus running rampant in prisons throughout penal systems, in areas with high numbers of the infection.  …
Since Asians want to talk about racism so much, lets talk about how they beat Chrispine Mwale to death for dating a Chinese woman. He was 25 when dragged out of his girlfriends apartment and beaten to death by 4 men. This is the video of Mr Mwale pleading for his life.  …
a chinese*  by the group that has no active chinese members and has not outwardly acknowledged that one chinese member of their own volition   …
It wasn’t racist, there were not just Chinese- Australians on Christmas Island. There are less Australians returning now that’s why they are put in hotels. W.A is putting Australians returning by ship on Rottnest Island for 14 days Quarantine.
To help Indian hospital, we built a Wechat group among Chinese businessman in India . This morning, Glad to know that some entrepreneurs have donated over 200,000RMB to buy test kit for Indian hospitals. It will be offered to ICMR. @EOIBeijing @ChinaIndiaFdn 
China is ready to  with Russia and other permanent members of UN Security Council to jointly promote global efforts to fight #COVID19, says Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi in phone call with Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov  
One man made fake Honeywell N95 respirators at a makeshift factory. Pharmacies sold ineffective knockoffs of a Chinese version of Clorox. In one Chinese province, authorities seized more than seven million masks that were substandard, mislabeled or counterfeited. @jotted  …
1) #EastTurkistan (so-called “ #Xinjiang [New Territory])” is NOT a “Chinese region” just like #Tibet isn’t a “Chinese region.” 2) There are 3 million+ people in #ConcentrationCamps. 3) #China has a track record of always lying, so why are we even considering their  …
Uncensored Chinese Report May Have Accidentally Revealed Millions of New COVID Deaths  …
The Chinese wielded people inside apartments and left them to die... but go off?  …
Normalize reply tweeting to Chinese officials with the Tiananmen Square copypasta Normalize reply tweeting to Chinese officials with the Tiananmen Square copypasta Normalize reply tweeting to Chinese officials with the Tiananmen Square copypasta
Over  on this CBC article about a Canadian intelligence report about the Chinese subverting Canada at every level. About 90% of  appear to be Chinese shills, calling the Canadian intelligence report "American propaganda".  …
A single funeral home in Wuhan had over 5,000 urns delivered in just 2 days. Pictures leaked on Chinese media show thousands waiting in line. Over 6 million mobile users disappeared last 2 month in China.  …
A Czech news site revealed that 80% of the Wuhan virusctest kits donated by China are faulty. Malaysian news debunked China’s lies that the 10 Million surgical masks shopped from China are free. German Health Minister said that the Chinese test kits r not accurate enough.
The best thing about this war is that I can help fight it by ordering takeout from a Chinese restaurant.
A Team of #Chinese doctors to arrive in #Pakistan to help contain the spread of #CoronaVirus Dr @zfrmrza, PM @ImranKhanPTI ’s special assistant on health, said. They will review measures taken & provide technical assistance to prevent spread of #CoronaVirus #NBC 
For the record, I’ve been yelling about the Chinese government’s econ stats being lies for a while. That’s how I knew not to trust their Covid stats. The CCP lies about everything. Authoritarians lie to maintain power. There is never any transparency.  …
How to dominate the world quickly? THE GREAT CHINESE STAGE 1. Create a virus and the antidote. 2. Spread the virus. 3. A demonstration of efficiency, building hospitals in a few days...... 
The Chinese woman caught spitting on fruits in supermarket #CCPVirus #COVID19 #CoronaUpdate 
There are stories circulating of people in China who had COVID19 testing as asymptomatic positive, then negative, then getting sick with it bad. Keep this in mind: the Chinese recently sold Spain 100,000 test kits that 80% of failed.
Reuters: Effective Saturday, China has temporarily suspended the entry of foreign nationals with valid Chinese visas and residence permits. The new restriction reflects worries in Beijing over the risk posed by so-called imported cases of the virus.
The mortality rate is nowhere near 90%. Also, I guarantee the Chinese govt wouldn’t expose their massive conspiracy on Netflix tv show. Sci-fi and dystopian movies try to predict our future based on where we’re headed, and sometimes they get it partially right . Good find tho
A train loaded with Chinese-made goods departed from Wuhan for EU on its first China-EU cargo freight train service since the city's lockdown -166.4 tons of medical (textiles) supplies -construction materials for #BeltandRoad project in E.Europe -to arrive in #Duisburg in 15 
"Tedros is the second-to-last person who should be heading the world World Health Organization at this time," foreign affairs expert Gordon Chang told Fox News. "The last person is (Chinese President) Xi Jinping." #TWGRP @GOP @TeamTrump  …
Chinese govt backed operation of 'pillaging' medical supplies is an 'abomination'  …
Namibian #uranium 21-day shut downs potentially same impact as Cigar Lake. Namibian 2018 production was 5525tU (14Mbs U3O8). State of Emergency declared for 6 months. Both are Chinese vertically integrated mines (Rossing:CNNC, Husab:CGN) so they can withstand extended shut-down.  …
China has decided to send a medical team to Laos to assist in the prevention and control of #COVID19 epidemic and to provide assistance within its capabilities, a senior Chinese official says  
The Chinese side stands ready to provide support for Croatia's fight as its capability allows, and offer convenience for it to purchase medical supplies from China  channels, Li says in a phone talk with Croatian Prime Minister Plenkovic  
#China's renewed push to  a global leader in #5G, AI and cloud data centers is part of the goverment's plans to help cushion the economic impact of the coronavirus outbreak. Chinese operators will invest #US$180 billion on  …
The answer is simple: No more CCP Propaganda, then there will be no more #ChineseVirus Who stirred up "Chinese" alphabet so to rule this mainland in the first place? It's CCP Régime isn't it? There is simply no such ethnicity in the dominant Y DNA called "Chinese"!!  …
Nature is  back into existence, I am happy to know that nature is religion in Sanatan Dharma. All people stay safe at home. #Chinese_treacherous China be excluded from @UN Security Council @English_bahen @CIJ_ICJ नमस्ते भारत This picture was found on 
My moms Chinese Opera group (Chung Ying Cantonese Opera) just donated 10k worth of gloves, masks, and sanitizer to different NYC hospitals. This is how real New Yorkers help New York. 
Yixing’s new single will be out at 10.30am CST, which is in less than 30 minutes! Let’s see how this Youth’s Journey will be like in his own way As of now it will be on NetEase music and other Chinese platforms, we’ll update when more info is out #LayZhang #Yixing 
Don’t Let the Chinese Communist Party Use the Coronavirus to Its Advantage  
Some wholesome content: A group of 40 Chinese American families came together, used their connections, and arranged for a donation of 8,000 face masks to police in Livingston, New Jersey today. Shows the true power    
On December 31, 2019, Chinese health authorities confirmed dozens of people in Wuhan were being treated for pneumonia from an unknown source. Here's what's happened since:  
astral projecting to a chinese restaurant
Gates saw the pandemic. Thiel saw US deficit in physical innovation, and the fact that the next big (or bad) thing doesn't look like the last. Kai-Fu Lee saw the rise of Chinese innovation in AI Superpowers. Many pieces were there. Synthesis wasn't.  …
#Chinese people won't accept the arrogance and prejudice: Chinese FM said Sat in response to an open letter issued by the publishers of @WSJ, @washingtonpost, and @nytimes on March 24.  
Actress Rosanna Arquette has declared that American citizens are dying on a daily basis because of the “cruel, vindictive, evil, and deeply immoral” policies of President Donald Trump amid the Chinese coronavirus pandemic. 
#BREAKING: Spain stops using Chinese test kits after its found they have a 30 per cent accuracy. That means we can multiply China’s numbers by at least three, to begin with. Without even counting what they’re intentionally hiding. IMAGINE. MY. SHOCK.
Coronavirus prompts surge of hate speech toward Chinese on Twitter, report says  …
Follow the money: even before the global #coronavirus crisis, China has been growing its influence with foreign investments. We illustrated Chinese investment in Latin American countries, vs. US aid.  …
. @politico, in your zeal to condemn President Trump, did you even bother to read the reference you cite from Lancet? It SUPPORTS continued trial of hydroxychloroquine as prophylaxis versus COVID-19. Chinese data favorable but preliminary. Your reporting is WRONG. Bias much?  …
BIG NEWS! MASSIVE PROTESTS IN CHINA after lockdown are RAPIDLY EVOLVING CHINESE PATRIOTS  together to BRING DOWN the minority #CCP and BUILD a NATION that truly respects & loves GOD, MAN, FREEDOM & LIBERTY. Time to END SLAVERY & TYRANNY! GOD IS IN CONTROL  …
“I’ll Make a Man Out of You” is especially fun/funny as a Chinese trans guy #Mulan #GoldOpen
Time for authorities to wake up to the brewing crisis of migrants walking miles together without food and water. Reverse migration will spread the Chinese virus in rural areas that have little or no health facilities. Time to act is NOW!
More enrichment in France Since the start of confinement following the Chinese coronavirus, tensions have erupted in the no-go-zone of Seine-Saint-Denis Migrants set a trap for Police and rescue worker who were ambushed and attacked with mortars and explosives when they arrived 
THE CHINESE ARE LYING ...HAVE FROM THE START MILLIONS DIED THERE...WE SHOULD STOP ANY BUSINESS WITH CHINA AS SHOULD OUR ALLY AUSTRALIA...LET THE REST OFTHE WORLD DEAL WITH THEM...THEY ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MANY DEATHS AND SHOULD BE TREATED AS OUR ENEMY UNTIL END OF COMMUNISM!  …
Rejection of Chinese products begins  …
BREAKING NEWS !!! Chinese Virus 5 min. New Test 
A: China is lying on death numbers B: How do u know? A: Just take a look at their mortuary houses, look at the cinerary caskets, X*X. B: Dude, Chinese never aged never died before? In the end, every deceased will end up in a casket. The first 3 photos are mere factory ads. 
Vice President Mike Pence has done an OUTSTANDING job leading the Chinese CoronaVirus Task Force. He’s made decisive and clear decisions, all with strong and  with the American people. We could not ask for more from a leader!
Why I'm critical of the CCP. I lived in for years, I speak Chinese and ran different businesses there. people are very friendly and genuinely kind people. The government is not! @JustinTrudeau may admire them, I'll tell you there's nothing to admire about bullies!
Could it be, that calling it the "Chinese Virus" is having rippling effects? Could it be that "It'S A PlaCE NamE, ItS A ViRuS NamED AftER ThE PLaCe It CamE fROm ItS NoT RaCiST" is INDEED HARMFUL?  …
Mounties made it to Cornwall, heading to Lacolle after stopping at Tim Horton. Following #canadausborder , while travelling East toward Roxham Road. No Chinese steel smugglers or US troops in sight. Last report stated that Trump's intelligence must be faulty. 
*JunHao cuddling* Jun: So...what are we? Hao: Chinese
#FightTogether An Iranian youth chose to stay in #Wuhan and made coffee for people during the novel #coronavirus epidemic. Now the youth's Chinese friends have donated 40,000 facial masks to his motherland to reward his kindness. 
Thank You Whitlam, Hawke & Keating for courting China & enslaving Australia to Chinese markets, whilst Aussie textile/manufacturing industries were destroyed. Cheers to businesses & unions for colluding with these rats taking our jobs & future away So. Here We Are #Duopoly
When the Social Democratic Party of Kenya changed its name to the "Communist Party of Kenya" there were blue checks that screamed Chinese influence.
"There is a battle with Corona and the Chinese virus but India has a lot of other viruses that Modi has been constantly ignoring" Hard-hitting Blog by MediaCrooks aka . @RMCpost exposing so many LIVE Viruses in India.  …
The media in this country is beyond fake, it is extremely corrupt. Here is the media referring to Covid-19 as the “Wuhan Chinese Corona Virus” just 2 weeks before accusing Trump of being a racist for doing the same. Americans are tired of this kind of gaslighting & corruption 
Please remember next time someone says our country isn’t racist, and that there’s not discrimination against Chinese Australians, that  home from China were quarantined on Christmas Island NOT in hotels #fuckracism
LMAOOO look at how quick he retracted and called it coronavirus when before this he kept on calling it “Chinese Virus”. Kau sebenar takut kat China kan?  …
