We stand with the Chinese and  against racist fearmongering! Fight the virus, not the people! 
573 new cases of #COVID19 reported on Chinese mainland on Saturday, 2,623 discharged and 35 more deaths. Latest figures: - 79,824 total confirmed cases, another 95 in HK, 10 in Macao and 39 in Taiwan - 2,870 deaths - 41,625 discharged 
the prime producers of absolute bullshit about Chinese history and culture is the PRC itself, both self-generated (5000 years of history) and copied from the outside  …
i understand why they were iffy abt the packages from china (bc i was scared at first too and im chinese) so i dont find THAT offensive but THIS is why gcfknj should be gone 
Chinese response: We will mobilize every available doctor, close off a hotzone, build a hospital, and treat everyone we can for free. U.S. response: It's a hoax made up by the other party to make me look bad. The Duality of Leadership
Imagine where we'd be today if the Chinese response to COVID-19 was "wash your hands more."
Three thumbs down for an 80-year-old Conman @RailaOdinga who now resembles a despicable castrated chameleon that Despot Uhuru Kenyatta and the Chinese have hollowed out with #coronavirus to be dispatched to Pakistan to eat locusts. #uhurumustgo #DespotsMustFall 
Hundreds of Chinatown residents, local officials and supporters gathered at Portsmouth Square for a rally and march to protest against racism in the  in wake of the recent global outbreak of #Coronavirus. More  on 
Fight the virus, not the people! Solidarity YES! Anti-chinese racism NO! #COVID19 
11 Chinese migrants found hiding inside furniture in moving truck at US-Mexico border - ABC News -  via @ABC
Chinese posting only. This is strictly a Chinese account now. 
BREAKING NEWS: There were 3 Chinese men who were quarantined in Jos. They have tested negative to Coronavirus.
Unfortunately, the Archive of Our Own is currently inaccessible in China. We've investigated, and it is not due to anything on our end. We're keeping Chinese users updated on our Weibo:  …
'Chinese people are more willing to exchange their privacy for money' Man, the entire American economy is driven by people who give away their spending history to credit  for Delta miles
He was silenced by Chinese authorities for warning against the #coronavirus outbreak, and soon died from the illness. This is the story of Dr. Li 
I am immuno-suppressed & my medication causes chronic respiratory congestion. For dinner I drove over to Watertown & picked up Chinese food from a sizable restaurant with just a mother & daughter there. Don't give in to panic or prejudice--support your local Asian businesses!
Girls “i want to fucking die” chinese mfs named ing die: 
Wonder why Dutton refused to acknowledge that foreign spies in Aus are mostly from China? #insiders #auspol Why Gladys Liu must answer to parliament about alleged links to the Chinese government  …
No words can encapsulate this view!!! It is the Tien Shan range looking west at the Kazakh/Kyrgyzstan/Chinese Border. 
Thank you. I'm tired of the "Settle down everyone, the death rate is 'only' around 2%" tweets. Apparently, some people think no one with an existing health risk or over 60 uses Twitter. (Besides, all that mortality data is based on Chinese data, which makes it still dubious.)
Asian,they weren’t Chinese!!!! We all know what they were!!! Don’t we
573 new coronavirus infections, 35 new deaths were reported on Feb 29 in the Chinese mainland. The total infection number soared to 79,824 with 2,870 deaths.  …
And look what we have here! #Evergreen #ClintonBodyCount TOLD YA!!!! Wonder what the Chinese characters say!!! Anyone 
Why is Derek Merrin siding with Chinese billionaires over Ohio's working class? District 47 needs a representative who will fight for the working class, not billionaires and bosses.  …
chinese people be like 'i love my pets!!' and whites lose their fucking actual minds??? what in the fucking hell
jesus christ why are people so fucking MEAN to chinese people doing literally anything!!!!!
The Chinese bourgeois state apparatus is no longer considered "management" folks  …
Am I the only one who doesn’t think this was offensive? Uh-oh was what I just said offensive? Not down playing racism & the way people are treating the Chinese and Asians because that is a serious problem (I’m Asian btw) but I feel like people are blowing this out of proportion
‘Chinese physicians are not only involved in mass murder and crimes against humanity but the  and World Health Organisation for some reason shut their eyes against these crimes.’  - shocking if proven
As coronavirus fears have intensified, incidents of violence & discrimination against Chinese Americans have increased. Joined hundreds of San Franciscans marching in Chinatown today to protest prejudice and racial profiling. #TogetherWeStand 
Drink a Corona and eat Chinese food  …
Girls “i want to fucking die” chinese mfs named ing die: 
San Francisco city leaders on Friday urged residents and visitors to continue shopping at Chinese-owned business and to reject xenophobia associated with fears of the novel coronavirus.  …
Guess what me and the 5 year old at the crappy Chinese buffet have  
3. Chinese  sites imposed heavy fines on price-gouging (10x MSRP or something) of face masks.
Something to learn from China: Rather lecturing the public not to buy masks, 1. Chinese doctors asked the public to donate excess masks they may have. 2.  bot 17 new mask production lines within a week (Chinese new year week for them, BTW)
The Trump administration is weighing retribution against Chinese journalists, state-owned media, and Chinese intelligence agencies after 3 Wall Street Journal reporters were expelled for criticizing China's handling of the coronavirus. #WhatWeAreWatching  …
Rowena Chiu explained how the colliding dynamics of her family’s Chinese cultural background and her conservative Christian upbringing proved to be a “double whammy” in processing the alleged assault. 
If I were a Chinese national I would simply trap the virus with one of my famous finger traps.
This is the Chinese government Bergoglio made his deal with China has slaughtered 1,000s of its citizens to harvest organs such as hearts, lungs, kidneys, eyes and even skin for sale and to transplant into sick patients in its 100 of hospitals 
More corruption in our universities. U of Penn paid Biden 775K to deliver 4 campus speeches. If it's not Prof Lieber at Harvard selling science to the Chinese, it's Biden at U of Penn taking payoffs to get around campaign finance laws  …
late sassanid persian + mid tang dynasty chinese merchant girls....they are in love & bond over poetry and art 
Theres a ship load of mainland Chinese taking refuge in Australia right now as the corona virus takes hold The sight of CLUELESS ridiculously dressed non English speaking Chinese nouveau rich looking at aussies in amazement that we could be so stupid to let them in is humiliating
According to report, the three Chinese men earlier quarantined in Jos has tested negative to coronavirus.
chinese people at the airport with flu-like symptoms 
chinese fandom lost a space for them to express and write for themselves, a website dominated by women taken away by a government that uses censorship to control is populance. western fandombis so privileged they're applauding authoritarianism thats fucked  …
Italian city governor apologizes for saying Chinese people eat live mice as he blamed China's hygiene standards for coronavirus 
In Chinese coverage: Apparently banging on a dugout trash can transcends all language barriers 
Today I joined  leaders and thousands of our neighbors in solidarity and in rejecting the fear, discrimination, and racism that has been directed at the  as a result of the coronavirus. 
Standing in solidarity with our Chinese  & against racism & xenophobia. Coronavirus is a serious public health threat. It’s not an invitation to racial stereotyping. Fight the virus, not the people. 
Why? Why? Why? Where is the scrutiny from the #MSM on the impact of selling off key and strategic Australian assets to foreign interests? #insiders #auspol ACCC clears Chinese takeover of brands like Dairy Farmers and Big M  … via @smh
Along with countless small fandoms, they did it to Tumblr, to Chinese AO3, and are in the process of doing it to Patreon... At this point, the sensible response to anti behavior from anyone who values  should be an immediate ban.
Chinese City Orders Cats, Dogs off the Menu After Coronavirus Outbreak 
Chinese person sneezed  …
I’m canvassing again in SF tomorrow! Gonna do a heavily Chinese neighborhood so I can put my Cantonese skills to good use. Donate to my personal fundraising page for Warren to support my volunteering!  …
A new study from the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention finds coronavirus patients older than the age of 80 are in the greatest danger 
"People think, 'well, if we ban Huawei, then everything’s fine.'" But "there are Chinese technological threats in" numerous products, says @AEITech’s @RoslynLayton. And when a  is bought by Chinese investors, it is now subject to the laws of China. ATL at 
If an AO3 mirror for Chinese users is a feasible goal, I’d be all for it.  …
8....so, at this point there is NO data backing up what Trump says as to  down with critical, who with severe, and who with mild. Medical histories are hard  by in rural China. But, a cohort that could be used as representative is Chinese medical personnel....
Here in Chinatown where hundreds of residents and local officials are marching down Grant Avenue to Union Square to protest racism against the  in wake of the recent global outbreak of Coronavirus 
4...so, what data do we actually have? The first set of data came out 4 days ago in the Journal of the American Medical Association. It is analysis of Chinese outbreak - since that is the place with the most data - by experts on the ground. What they have found is that there....
Female groups album sales by Chinese fans: #1 BLACKPINK - ??? 103,189 copies © 簇暮萧然 #KillThisLove #BestMusicVideo 
Chinese folk: live in authoritarian dictatorship where they are suffocated with controlled media and refused freedom of expression Antis: ‘good for them I wish I was living in an unethical hell where if I wasn’t a perfect citizen I’d disappear’
happy weekend, great time to hit up a local Chinese spot or a new one in yr area, have a good day 
I was originally gonna do a when the waiter coughs on you at a Chinese restaurant meme but I decided to do this thinking it was less edgy...I may have been wrong
A Chinese diplomat in Australia was questioned over China's treatment of Uighur Muslims. The audience laughed at his answers. 
Insane. Yet in  party land, it makes perfect sense.  …
Kenya has deported four Chinese citizens after one of them whipped a Kenyan waiter  late to work at Chez Wou Restaurant in Kileleshwa, Nairobi. 
you can buy what arsenal put in their cabinet off a chinese website  …
When you leave a Chinese restaurant and don’t get the Coronavirus 
“If you want happiness for an hour — take a nap. If you want happiness for a day — go fishing. If you want happiness for a year — inherit a fortune. If you want happiness for a life time — help someone else.” — Chinese proverb
Archbishop Viganò responds to criticism of Cardinal Zen: Vatican has delivered the Chinese Church to the enemy 
Because of the #Coronavirus, my wife & I will not be eating any #Chinese food until this epidemic is straightened out. It's not the fear, but we all need to penalize the Chinese everywhere for this worldwide outbreak. Everyone should follow this. Please Re-Tweet. Thank you.
A lot going on today... But the Chinese Government official surveys of manufacturing activity this morning were the worst on record following the Coronavirus epidemic, worse than previous low during financial crisis... down from 50 (modest enough after trade tensions)... to 35.7 
When will we get unrestricted reporting from Wuhan, China? Do NOT believe China state run media. I know we’ve had a few western (BBC, NBC, SKY) reports from China WITH their Chinese government minders. Wuhan has 11MM people! We need real information, not propaganda. #COVID19
When Trump blocked Chinese travel to prevent the spread of Coronavirus, Chuck Schumer called it racist. When that travel ban worked, Chuck Schumer said Trump was doing nothing to prevent Coronavirus.
“‘The Chinese bought us a month of time to prepare ourselves by imposing these astonishing and draconian measures...Unfortunately, we didn’t make good use of that time and now we’re heading into a very dangerous situation.’”  …
Federal Authorities Arrest Professor For Hiding Ties With Chinese University  …
First of all, of course, screw the Chinese government for their censorship and banning websites in the first place. But I'm in awe that this seemingly went down because of anti-shippers. Just wow.
I think I've tweeted about this before, but when I was studying in Japan, the Chinese and Korean students would just go to the hospital if they were sick. The American students would always be freaking out and avoid going, even though we knew it would be cheaper.
Chinese artist #XuZhen's 14 works to be exhibited at National Gallery of #Australia. The exhibition is named Xu Zhen: Eternity V.S. Evolution, which showcases the artist's work from early videos to more recent monumental sculptures. 
For those who want to know why people who have a deep understanding of Chinese reject this trope, this is a good start:   …
That's actually the correct reaction and proof that it's being taken seriously. Go Ugly Early, Mooch. If the Chinese had done that 5 Scaramuccis ago, this might have been contained better.
The Chinese government showed us the disastrous consequences of downplaying bad public-health news for fear of the political consequences. But Trump seems to be doing the exact same thing. Public health should never be sacrified to political advantage. 
I want Chinese food but cant nobody in tally make Chinese food mane wtf is this!?
#UPDATE The new #coronavirus has now hit 61 countries across the globe, with more than 2,900 people killed and nearly 86,000 infected since it was first detected in the central Chinese city of Wuhan late last year  
Typical. Chinese manufacturer made a shower squeegee that is supposed to be waterproof but saves like half a penny by not using stainless fasteners. They rusted and it ruined the threads. How much fuller are US landfills because we embraced China as a supplier? A LOT I bet. 
Report shows that Chinese air pollution has decreased since quarantine put into effect.  …
Last I read you can test positive after recovery, but that happened in China and it could be 1 of 3 things: 1. Yes, you can get it again or it lies dormant and then re-emerges 2. the antibodies still set off tests but the virus is innoculous 3. Chinese fucked up and misdiagnosed
As Jeff Benson and I wrote, the Chinese are not adhering to CUES or COLREGS. Following agreed-upon rules is essential. China is a party to these agreements.   …
maybe instead of going “ew what if my packages from china are contaminated” yall should be fuckin amazed and thankful chinese ppl are still bothering to ship u ur shit lmao
If you love eating Chinese takeout, you are going to love these crispy cream cheese wontons.  
I can't laugh alone o. See Chinese-Igbo restaurant in Guangzhou, China. On request, the waiter said he has egusi, bitterleaf & okro soup! Wetin these Chinese no fit do? Please watch!!! 
Why the Chinese Navy’s Target of a US Surveillance Aircraft With a Laser Isn’t Business As Usual – The Diplomat  …
Can't help himself. He wanted to change subject of #SportsRorts so rushed out to announce pandemic/emergency and scared the daylights out of us. Then said Now go to the footy, Chinese restaurant, go on holiday! Perfect Mixed Message.
the insinuation that all chinese people have the virus or goods from china can transport it is literally so racist and dangerous. people have been denied medical attention and help just because they were chinese ... your jokes are not funny
Asian Caucus urging them to “help us prevent hysteria ... and racist assaults that have been fueled by misinformation." Sen. Tom Cotton had previously entertained the possibility of the fringe theory that the virus originated in a Chinese biosafety lab.  …
A guy on stage at CPAC literally just said the Chinese technology Huawei will drive your car off a cliff and burn your toast. This was literally said. Some people applauded.
#China’s National Health Commission mentioned the national fatality rate of 3-4% at the joint press briefing with @WHO in Beijing on Feb 24. That was an updated number versus the Chinese CDC research of #coronavirus cases up to Feb 11.
Chinese Jennie fans have now collected 30K album copies for BLACKPINK’s  album, making Jennie the first Kpop Female Girl Group Act in HISTORY to surpass 30K copies raised by Chinese fans. © 簇暮萧然 
Italy shows just how crazy coronavirus panic can get — Italians refused to go to Chinese restaurants and shops when the virus first emerged. Now they are being shunned worldwide. The stigma is spreading faster than the virus itself.  …
People are scared as fuck of coronavirus. I live in Bellevue, WA; we have  of Chinese, Korean, Japanese, & other Asian immigrants. White folks in grocery stores are acting scared. This is how we act around black Americans now, in city streets. This is racism
So they get up their and say how amazing the Chinese data is and then discard the Chinese data that says 14% reinfection.  …
cheol saying the members are the most special to him, joshua and vernon helping the boys with their english, jun making sure no one hits their head while doing the spinning game, minghao and jun helping the members with their chinese pronunciation, hoshi helping and making sure
Why you can stop Chinese and Iranian migrants from  into America but not from walking over the southern border:  …
Maybe in that model but in most of her official art it’s boots (Her V2 Append shes not wearing shoes, Her V3 standard she’s wearing the loafers and socks, her V4 Chinese she’s wearing heels and socks) 
With the coronavirus outbreak getting worse in Italy, Iran and South Korea does that mean we should boycott pasta, tahdig and bulgogi like how Chinese food is discriminated?
"a near-total ban on all Chinese people entering Russia" some would call this discriminatory but CBC is still thinking about it  …
1) United States Marine Corps Private First Class Charles Monroe was just 17 years-old when he found himself at the center of a Chinese wave-assault around the Chosin Reservoir. As he returned fire, an enemy grenade exploded, knocking him out of his fighting hole. 
Chinese Jennie fans have raised enough funds to buy over 30k copies! Big thanks to all who donated and @JENNIEBAR_CN 
Justin's #Changes birthday gift box is only for Chinese fans. 
NOW: @VP says no prior administration has restricted travel to the US from China. The 1882 Chinese Exclusion Act prohibited Chinese workers from entering the US and the 1865 Page Act banned Chinese women from immigrating to the US.
The specifics of how AO3 was blocked today by the Chinese government are speculation at this point, but it’s extremely familiar. One  about gross, immoral content, authority bans /everything/ indiscriminately. These are the consequences of calling for censorship.
Apparently some numpties have been avoiding Chinese restaurants and businesses in #Toronto due to misguided coronavirus fears and...well, racism. So, I've been going as much as possible. Their loss. My 
A team from #China’s CDC published research in a Chinese journal of epidemiology. The data, based on 70k patients, is till Feb 11 (so a little old) but it reveals trends. Fatality rate for elderly at 8-15%.. 
"Bitch is SO Bitch!" - dreadful English subtitles to this Chinese drama, but sometimes, they really DO get the point across! 
“The domestic political fallout for Chinese leader Xi Jinping is likely to be severe. For the Communist  in governance is really its sole value proposition.” - @CSISFreeman expert Jude Blanchette. Learn more about the coronavirus:  
+Vigano to ++Zen: "The Vatican has done everything & more to deliver the Chinese Martyr Church into the hands of the Enemy" and does so "on a daily basis by keeping silent" about the persecution that has gained "unprecedented strength" since the Agreement  
New ASPI research shows evidence of forced Uyghur labor in East China. "The researchers found 27 factories in nine Chinese provinces that have used Uighur workers hired through labor transfer programs from Xinjiang since 2017."  …
How many Chinese spies were in Wuhan before they went to Mar-a-Lago in February? Rough estimate. @WhiteHouse @WHNSC @PressSec
'IT'z ME' chinese fan bases pre-order exceeded 12,900 (20/02/29): © YEJ1 
NASA Images Show The Reduction In Chinese #Pollution Because Of 
Update: Kenya deports four Chinese nationals after one of them was was filmed flogging a Kenyan waiter for reporting late to work (Video)  
More than 80 percent of confirmed coronavirus cases are not severe, according to a large Chinese study. But mild symptoms could also make the epidemic harder to contain. 
China shows how India can cut pollution faster Ghaziabad is world's most polluted city, Delhi is world's most polluted capital. Chinese cities, on the other hand, have seen pollution levels drop significantly. What is China doing right? Read:  
It is illegal for  to import products made with forced labor. US corporations that continue to have their products made in #Xinjiang #China  with the Chinese government’s repression of the #Uighur  …
“Iranian businessmen say Chinese traders in the early days of the epidemic in China descended on markets in Tehran to buy protective masks in bulks of up to one million at a time until they disappeared from the market.”  …
At first, Chinese officials in Wuhan, where the coronavirus started, "claimed that the new lethal pneumonia...was not jumping from person to person. When that was exposed as a lie, local officials arrested and threatened the first doctors to expose it." 
Interior of a Chinese Pagoda 
When #Cuba was alone, the China's People, Communist Party and the Chinese Gob were there for us. Now the Cuban People stand together as one whit them. 
Something different for a change. I always wanted to do a Leifang render, focusing on her Chinese appearance. Not saying I succeeded, but it was a lot of fun nonetheless. I hope you like this one too. PS: full size gives better details, of course. #Leifang #DoA6 #DOAXVV 
Feb 29 - Asaluyeh, southern #Iran The Chinese returning to Iran. Asaluyeh is a major energy hub in Iran & it is quite obvious that regime officials are more concerned about energy revenues than addressing the #coronavirus 
My Uber was asking me if I was afraid of him cuz so many passengers have asked if he’s from China or if he has the corona virus... Y’all r sick & I know y’all wouldn’t b treating folxs like this if they were European We had a good talk on racism & orientalism tho(he’s Chinese
The world progresses, but  doesn't. People are dying because of #China's horrible response to the #CoronavirusOutbreak. We cannot afford to look the other way anymore.  …
Three Chinese Nationals Quarantined In Jos Over Suspected #Coronavirus | Sahara Reporters The men, who work in a mine in the state, travelled through the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja before proceeding to Jos. #COVID19 READ MORE:  
If you recall, my whole MDZS obsession began because I've been trying to report a story on China, The Untamed, and queer media censorship, and now that story seems to be breaking news, so if anyone knows a good professional Chinese translator please point me to them!
New report from @WHO with findings about coronavirus epidemiology and Chinese response:  … Some initial reactions: /1
Why isn’t anyone discussing Illegal Chinese  to the US via the Mexico Border? Mexico has only 2 cases of Corona virus w so many  in. What r we doing to stop this? Shut down the border & protect Americans from this virus taking over 
News Alert: 3 Chinese Nationals have been quarantined in Plateau state over suspected case of #coronavirus. The mine workers arrived Nigeria on Friday Via Abuja Airport and travelled to Plateau state same day.
Vietnam is also reporting no new cases after monitoring nearly 5,000 Chinese workers and quarantining 10,000 in a rural village.  …
Deepstate #Coronavirus logic: People with #COVID19 are free to globetrot and infect everyone. Delivery of chinese products across the ocean is too risky(?!) Ships are now stranded, disrupting the entire global financial system.
i just realised we didn't get a mv for the chinese ver of obsession  …
Those of you avoiding any Chinese food during the corona virus outbreak are dumb. I would call you stupid but I don’t want to confuse you with a two syllable word.
When i say i hate chinese and chinese babi this type and chinese what i meant melayu ngan india pun kalau mcm ni pun babi jugak  …
A reassuring message has been sent from the space: the Chinese economy, which has been disrupted by the #COVID19 epidemic, is regaining steam  
#BREAKING: Cardinal Giovanni Battista Re’s letter targeting @CardJosephZen’s account of the state of the Chinese #CatholicChurch. 
Corona stopped yall from eating chinese food but aids ain't stop yall from fucking raw
Ordering chinese. Send for it, then thank me. 
[INFO] 200301 — C-JENsetters has collected $325,126.123/ 2,279,779 RMB/4.56 Milyar IDR/ 30,177 Copies for Blackpink New Album Jennie  the first Kpop 4&5 generation Female Idol Surpass 30,000 Copies Album from Chinese Fans #BLACKPINK #JENNIE #블랙핑크 #제니 
TRUMP was spot on when he closed boarder early BUT Congress FAILED to give Trump money & it early enough! Still don’t have adequate WALL BUILT at our Southern boarderLast yr there was 85% increase of Chinese sneaking in! It’s INSANE Democrats want to TAKE AWAY Wall FUNDING 
This week I saved a little money here and there, so tonight we are going to have Chinese - a rare occurrence for us indeed. Partly because we like it, and partly because we are not fucking idiots who think we will get coronavirus from noodles. We don't throw people under the bus.
Coronavirus: Three Chinese Nationals Quarantined In Plateau They arrived in Abuja on Friday.  
3 Chinese Nationals have been quarantined in Plateau state over suspected case of Coronavirus. The mine workers arrived Nigeria on Friday Via Abuja Airport and travelled to Plateau state same day.
I'm that Btch I'm a Only say it 1 time I body all these btches with just 1 rhyme Chew 'em up spit 'em out like it's gum time Chinese bangs, ponytail in a Bun time -Nicki Minaj 
Justin Bieber's #changes birthday gift box is only for Chinese fans. @justinbieber @scooterbraun we would want the same for international Beliebers 
AO3 is not a given and should never be treated as such. Heartbroken for Chinese fandom.  …
So excited that my Tableau Chart Catalog has been translated into Chinese. A Tableau presales engineer, Yingyue Zhang (Amber), suggested that it would open up learning opportunities for people in China. She translated the entire thing for me! Check it out!  …
“Why were the Australians ahead of the world? For a very simple reason. They don't trust the WHO. The information from multiple international sources is that the WHO is under intense pressure from the Chinese government, and succumbing to it”  …
I am fighting to make sure that we do everything in our power to protect Chinese from the American stupidity!  …
#China Will Develop a Mass Transit Management System for #Metro & #OrangeLine Two  have signed an agreement with #Pakistan to provide the transit management system for mass rapid transit systems in the 
21 Displays in Beijing CBD for February overall Winner LED Display in ShenZhen LED Display in MyeongDong LED Display in Chongqing Taeyeon's Cfans has never stopped doing their best for her. It was a hard fight with a chinese artist fandom and korean artist fandom.
Over the past few years Uyghurs have been forcibly transferred to work in mainland Chinese provinces. These workers live in policed dorms and are constantly monitored. The forced labour they take part in ends up in the supply chains of  from Nike to Apple. 
Sheldon Keefe said Kyle Dubas has been sharing the Chinese Farmer story since the Soo days, whenever teams have been up against adversity: “It provides a nice perspective for us.”
Keefe on the Chinese Farmer video: “I’ve seen that one many times. Going back all the way to the Soo.”
I am so grateful all my Malay friends are not the same like the ones I see on Twitter. Like the ones who think all Chinese Malaysians are secretly traitors. The ones who can forgive you for stealing money if you simply pray. The ones who like to use the words j*kun or k*fir
[User Content] TWICE's Tzuyu Unfairly Criticized by Chinese Netizens after Donating to Korea & China to Help in Coronavirus Outbreak  …
Why can't the Chinese stay in China after giving us the loans? We can get the Americans to supply the tech. Why must they be all over our country causing mischief and spreading viruses like they gave us anything for free??? Kenyatta National Hospital #CoronavirusKe
INSANE: Only 459 #Coronavirus tests in US so we must not be testing those exposed to the infected. 300k Chinese students are back at schools many of who just returned from Chinese New Year. No tests, no quarantine and the flights  from China!  
Under the slogan #RECHAZOCRECE the people of Chile are in the streets fighting for their Freedom. The Chinese puppet @sebastianpinera wishes to impose a constituent assembly as in Venezuela. @realDonaldTrump @WHNSC @SecPompeo @labbielady @marcorubio @EmbajadaEEUUcl @PressSec @VP 
The world that emerged after the Cold War is gone, writes @GrahamTAllison. U.S. policymakers must accept the reality of Chinese and Russian spheres of influence, and rethink American strategy accordingly. 
TikTok allows users, many of them kids or young adults, to create and share short videos. To many, TikTok's goofiness and sense of fun is special. To others, TikTok is an unnerving black box that could be sharing information with the Chinese government. 
【 #OpEd】US will conduct its first certification on HK's autonomy. Will Washington give HK and Chinese governments a “straightforward certification” or a “conditional certification”? Read my latest op-ed in the @Diplomat_APAC.  … #HKAutonomy #HKHRDA
Once again Chinese totalitarianism is tied in and an integral part of Western capitalist supply chains. Anticapitalism requires fighting both..  …
"If China is serious about avoiding a future maritime incident, the Chinese Navy should start following the rules already established. Otherwise, they are not worth the paper they are written on." By @BonnieGlaser and Jeff W. 
#CPAC2020: “‘The Communist Manifesto’ says  destroys all religion and all morality,” says @EpochTimes Senior Editor @JoshJPhilipp. Chinese people today are living “under a tyrannical regime that masquerades as a capitalist society” he added.  …
Chinese gov in formal order to forbidden internet cyber bully doxxing and other online illegal activities starting from March 1st. Internet info content environment govern regulation: content provider, producer and platforms, forbidden to use cyber bully, doxxing, fabrication, 
We will choose the top ones & make a poll later. The funny ones or the ones which can make his image bad will not be included. We will choose the hashtags together with Korean & Chinese Junhoe fanbases if necessary. These are the hashtags we have used for his previous bds. 
TikTok Allows Pro-Abortion Vid, #TikTok a #Chinese owned  that allows live action broadcast of its users is allowing shared videos of cheerful teen girls getting #abortions at #PlannedParenthood #AbortionIsMurder #PatriotsUnite #ProLife  …
5. Fifth, no legit media outlet is reporting the claim. Instead, random Twitter accounts, most without human profile pics and primarily tweeting in Chinese, began tweeting the link. One account I observed created in 2015 has only tweeted 32 times, almost all of which were recent.
More events are being canceled and postponed, including the Paris half-marathon and a big property conference on the French Riviera. And Chinese President Xi Jinping has canceled a rare state visit to Japan scheduled for April. 
Pakistan’s JF-17 Block III Fighter Jet Makes Maiden Flight. The Block III version of the JF-17 are slated to receive the RD-93MA or Chinese WS-13 engine.  …
The Chinese government will donate 5,000 sets of protective clothing and 100,000 masks to #Japan in batches, the first two of which arrived in Tokyo on February 27 and 28 in order to help Japan to fight against the #COVID19  
So a load of Bristol kids take the day off to show support for Thunberg. Truancy is presumably against the rules, or were their teachers there as well?! “Hurt your studies for the Planet” is mad; Chinese & Indian kids won’t be doing it, for sure. If the kids are 
Hi this is an OC. He was at first meant to be a persona of a Chinese art blog that I owned a long time ago, so his name is Hazel 
Chinese Jennie fans has now collected 30,000 album copies for the  album of BLACKPINK, making Jennie the first Kpop Female Girl Group Act to surpass 30K copies raised by Chinese fans. 
Italians refused to go to Chinese restaurants and shops when the virus first emerged. Now they are being shunned worldwide. The stigma is spreading faster than the virus itself. 
As of 02.29 23:00 BJT, Chinese BLINKs have collected enough money to purchase 98,076 copies of BLACKPINK’s  album (non-shipping back + shipped back to China). @ygofficialblink •Some of them are not included for the time being, please wait patiently 
How do you have a Chinese woman get the first five OSHW association certifications in China, and unprecedented  and then elect two middle-age Chinese men with NO certifications to the board? Insecure White women, that's how.
A number of different treatments are under investigation, from antiviral drugs to using plasma/antibodies from people who recovered to traditional Chinese medicine, but unclear how many of these studies are being done appropriately so results can be used. /13
I've noticed recently that, when I go out, some Westerners keep a distance from me, since, as a Korean, I vaguely look like a Chinese person. It's not exactly  situation for me, but at the same time, I understand it and don't take it personally.
China to donate 5,000 protective outfits and 100,000 masks to Japan to confront the #COVID19 epidemic: Chinese embassy in Japan 
#China’s ambassador to #Sweden talks like a gangster: “We treat our friends with fine wine, but for our enemies we have shotguns.” He offers a glimpse of a newly forceful brand of Chinese diplomacy. As a result, 70% of Swedes have a negative view of China.  …
>2016 Tzuyu: *Breathes* *Chinese government bans TWICE and accuse member Tzuyu of treason* >2019 Tzuyu: *Donates to prevent spreading of the virus* Chinese peeps: "diD sHe dOnaTed tO tAiWaN?" "iSnT sHe cHinEse WhY noT dOnate tO ChiNa?" "DiD sHe dOnaTEd 2 CHiNa?" etc. 
Too many disturbing video clippings on Chinese internet (deleted quickly): When @WHO & other health experts praise China's #Covid19 emergency measures, w/o condemning brutality & human rights abuses, do they really want other countries to follow the draconian China  …
Statistically, more Americans have been killed in car accidents from midnight up until this moment than have succumbed to coronavirus. Wash your hands, practice basic hygiene. But don’t sell your stocks. Don’t give into the Chinese supply-chain/panic  #hoax
Chinese institutions have been told to stop paying researchers bonuses for publishing in journals. 
China expert: Coronavirus could lead to a collapse of Chinese Communist Party  …
If AOC walked into a Chinese restaurant, I'm pretty sure she'd order bat guano soup and ask them to make it extra crazy. You are what you eat.
Aamir Khan, some of whose films now make more money in China than India, tells his Chinese fans to "follow the instructions of the [PRC] administration," which is "doing all that it can"  …
Yes, Ao3 is one of the only safe places for LGBT writing in China nowadays. Also I really want to read/write a book about danmei culture and it’s connection to Chinese feminism.  …
"Over 20,000 infected persons have recovered from Coronavirus in China..." Chinese Government
Check out my podcast Silk and Steel about everything China. At least I can read Chinese and don’t butcher Chinese names in pronunciation 
When Gan Ying arrived at the borders of Rome in Syria, he made detailed notes about what he saw of this mysterious foreign empire. The Chinese of the time were proud of their own postal system, and so Gan Ying was particularly impressed to see the workings of the Romans' own. 
Nike, Apple, Dell suppliers using coerced Uyghur labor in Chinese factories outside of Xinjiang.  …
As of now, Ao3 is still blocked and will probably stay blocked. Just so it’s clear, this idol only got famous in the past 2 years but Ao3 has been a stable in the Chinese fan fic world for years. One user sums it up this way: “Ao3. Reason of death: spiritual red guards.”
Another group of fans found it repulsive, humiliating and harmful to their idol’s career. So they launched a large campaign to call Chinese government agencies with real names and report the website for “pornographic content that harms minors.” They also reported app “LOFTER” 
Not sure if you can read Chinese but notice says “Neighbors, I returned frm Korea to Beijing on Feb 26. For everyone’s health, me and family are staying home til March 10. Thank you for your understanding and support” #coronavirus  …
She did not donate ¥300k (which would be USD2775). She donated 300k Chinese Yuan (renminbi), or USD42,911.
The White House response to coronavirus — accusing opponents of exaggerating the threat to hurt Trump — is not all that different from the Chinese propaganda push. Chinese propaganda is, of course, part of why we’re here. 
A new study from the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention finds coronavirus patients older than the age of 80 are in the greatest danger 
Meanwhile in Hong Kong, protests against the tyranny of the Chinese government are still on going. They are protesting since March of last year. The level of resilience and perseverance in these youths are just insane.  …
Aaaaand I am now super emotional imagining my late mother seeing an @ewarren flyer in Chinese & how much it would mean to her. I desperately wish she was here to see what an inclusive campaign looks like - one that leaves no one behind. #AllOfUs4Warren  …
Some #HongKongProtesters were hurt by tear gas deployed continuously. According to citizens on spot, it is suspected that tear gas rounds fired today was Chinese-made, as the smell was extremely irritating for the eyes, nose and throat. #HongKongProtests 
"Epicenter - 24 hours in Wuhan", the CGTN's documentary paints a human  story of Chinese people's fight against #COVID19. WATCH THE FULL  …
Who says the Chinese aren't doing enough to fight corona virus?  …
#MSM #EnemyOfThePeople and @dnc blasted Trump for keeping America safe from #coronavirus “We shouldn’t have an antagonistic relationship with the Chinese. Besides the diplomatic blowback, the travel ban “probably doesn’t make sense” @repbera exposed!  …  
Old photo of a Chinese Mandarin public official and his family members, Qing Dynasty. More pictures:  
So over a thousand ILLEGAL CHINESE Migrants have been caught at US Border by Agents Are they being tested for CORONAVIRUS How DANGEROUS is this for Agents? Why is this happening now? How will @realDonaldTrump respond to this? Doesn’t this show DEMOCRATS DANGER of OPEN BORDERS?
I must say, C-ONCEs and Chinese Tzuyu stans who stay respectful to Tzuyu must have strong mentality to deal with stupidity and hatred they must get from those brainless antis who spew bs for the sake of "patriotism"
Identifying someone last name first the way the Chinese and the Russians do it is superior to the western convention of first name first because people should constantly be reminded of their place in a social lineage rather than their unique and inalienable individualism
DCI RESCUES abducted Chinese national from house in Dagoretti, Nairobi; 4 suspects including AP officer, who demanded Sh100m ransom, shot dead. 
Well.. this isn't good!! "US Navy said Thurs a Chinese military warship fired a military grade laser at US Navy P-8 surveillance aircraft last week while it was flying over the Pacific Ocean"! Could cause serious danger to aircrew & Mariners!  …
Of course the other possibility is the Chinese are lying about how bad it’s gotten (which could explain the terrible PMI release yesterday).  …
So Chinese Teumaes sent an email to YGE regarding the outbreak of COVID-19 in order to protect TREASURE Members and regarding about debut plans @ygent_official hear us out, indoor shooting for TreasureMap 
Had fun at the interactive exhibition at Singapore Chinese Cultural Centre tdy. The permanent exhibition showcased how the distinct Singapore Chinese identity evolved over time, enriched by Singapore’s multiculturalism & multilingualism. – LHL  
This is at the supermarket in Flushing, New York. The Chinese locals clearly have more information about the spread of #coronavirus and are emptying 
Good Evening @MOH_Kenya , Is it true that a Patient (Chinese) in KNH is suspected to have Coronavirus? I am asking this in reference to several rumors going round of the same. Your response will highly be appreciated. #CoronaVirusKE
In its next step of social control, the Chinese government is spreading Uighur Muslims around the country, taking them away from their Xinjiang homes, and forcing them to work. That potentially infects every supply chain in China with forced labor. 
Feb 29: #831PrinceEdwardAttack Half-anniversary  flowers at Prince Edward Station. #HKPolice visited & clear flowers many times at scene. Police helmets were embroidered with Chinese flag & "I Fight For China". Source: Flash Media 
TODAY @DCI_Kenya Detectives rescued a Chinese national who was on Thursday this week Abducted from his shop by a gang purpoting to be DCI Officers, & the said criminals who wouldn't heed to a surrender order fatally injured. Forensic intelligence led the investigating team ... 
Apparently they translated the CNN line into Beijing Chinese: “American CDC admits first coronavirus has origin in U.S.” 
The entire discourse has been driven by racial security discourses — “Chinese threat,” vulnerability of refugees, Trump blaming the virus’ appearance in the states to migrants traveling northward across the southern border — rather than critical epi & med anthro understandings.
Swine flu- 57 million Americans sickened, 257,000 had been hospitalised and 11,690 people had died (1,180 children) due to swine flu. Coronavirus- 35 Americans sickened with 2 new cases in 2 weeks. No deaths. The economy is hurting due to Chinese export. Hysteria is dangerous.
We found that this  practice in many factories Uyghurs work in. The Chinese government is now exporting the punitive culture and practices of Xinjiang’s “re-education camps” to factories across China. Many are monetizing the results. We also found evidence that 4/
Chinese warship fired laser at American surveillance plane, U.S. Navy says  
The Chinese government has transferred more than 80,000 Uyghurs from Xinjiang to factories across China that  including @Nike, @Apple, @Dell and @Volkswagen. In total we name more than 80 well-known global brands with Uyghur labor in their supply chains. 2/
#Chinese medical specialists arrive in #Iran to  #coronavirus  
Time for @WSJ @murraymatt & the authors of the story, Krishna Pokharel, Vibhuti Agarwal, Rajesh Roy to issue a retraction & apology? Or should India resort to Chinese tactics?  … Mr @rupertmurdoch your reputation is on the line.   …
A Chinese nurse engaged in the #coronavirus fight was at last ready to kiss her child after about a month separated - through a glass window. 
Three Chinese citizens have been quarantined by Plateau state government over fears of coronavirus. The Chinese nationals arrived the state from Ethiopia on Friday, February 28. #coronavirusnigeria  …
“To this day they [China] still have concentration camps, they still kill people for believing in religion, they still dictate what you can or can’t believe...Chinese people today are living under a tyrannical regime that masquerades as a capitalist society.”  …
University of Tennessee researcher arrested for hiding ties with a Chinese university:  …
A new study from the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention finds coronavirus patients older than the age of 80 are in the greatest danger 
Even Chinese media is being more truthful than the Washington Post on Trump’s ‘new  He was talking about Democrats, not the virus 
Police officer among four suspects shot dead in a kidnap attempt along Ngong Road, Nairobi; abducted Chinese rescued.
[Recap] Chinese swimmer Sun Yang banned for eight years for doping offence  
What do people think about the Chinese redesign of the Kill Confirmed? Better or worse? I feel like people are going to be really split on this one. 
My Chinese friend died yesterday. So Yung 
Stupid Love has sold 300k sps in China on it’s first day. The song is still doing great units on Chinese streaming services and #1 on Apple Music! 
 in #Xinjiang or employing #Uyghurs in other parts of #China perform adequate due diligence? Profoundly skeptical. @hrw @hrw_chinese  …
ICYMI: Chinese cryptocurrency exchanges and other  are coping with a new reality as the coronavirus outbreak continues to disrupt their daily operations. @DavidPan_1 
I don't know why some Chinese ppl are mad about Tzuyu donating to Korea LOL. First of all, she's Taiwanese. Second, China banned her. Third, that country left a big trauma on her. Now they want her money???
Chinese citizens who are engaged in a suspected money-laundering scheme are possibly being “protected” by authorities, Sen. Richard Gordon said on Saturday. |  …
Sounds so great! The classical melody flows from Chinese traditional instrument Zheng. 
“‘The homework that Chinese people wrote with their blood and sweat is right in front of your very eyes, and you aren’t capable of copying it?’ said one post widely circulated on WeChat, a messaging app.” #China Spins #Coronavirus 
35 people killed in Delhi, less than 100 retweet. World doesnt care Indians very much. If happened in China, 100K retweet at least in 10 minutes. World cares Chinese very much.  …
0.006% of Chinese people have caught Coronavirus 0.001% of Italian people have caught Coronavirus 0.00003% of British people have caught Coronavirus 0.2% of Londoners were victims of Knife crime last year Sadiq Khans london is far more deadly than Coronavirus
In the eyes of most young Chinese, wild animals are no longer associated with delicacies, nutrition or wealth like their elders used to believe. The young generation are assuming a bigger role in wildlife protection  
I don’t wanna talk about this initially but since you all Chinese netizens don’t like her, why do you all want her donation?? it’s Tzuyu’s money, she can donate to wherever she want. 爱心不分国籍,做善事也是. Anyway, spread LOVE not HATE. Wish you all stay healthy.  …
Chinese  is here to deliver a message of love 
“The anticipated economic boost for Italy has yet to materialize, with its trade deficit with China widening further last year. A breakdown of Chinese investment..suggests Italy has failed to attract many concrete projects in the past year.”  …
Cultus Killer? BAIC Unveils the D20 Hatchback for Pakistan BAIC Group, the Chinese car manufacturer, plans to launch D20, X25, and BJ40 in Pakistan in the near future. BAIC has designed these cars keeping the Pakistani market in mind and all of them will have a right-hand drive 
A Chinese publisher is asking for rights to translate and publish my book about cholera, "Death in Hamburg". I wonder why?  …
I’m at my hospital to treat my cold. Two Chinese  in with face masks, me being nice & an advocate of anti-stereotype said hi. Then I sniffed my nose(not sneeze o). They shifted on their chair. I looked at them like, e ya wèrè ni? Is it not me that ought to run from you?  …
When CPEC hits full capacity, Pakistan will  a hub of trade. Projected Chinese annual trade through Pakistan will be greater than India's total GDP.  …
Chinese survived too. For same reason. We were huge & too many in nos. Repeated massive genocides from enemies couldn't wipe us out from the sub-continent. Yet. That doesn't mean we have not lost our ground. Look at AF-Pak, BD, Indonesia etc.  …
Who do cnetizens think they are??? After harassing her in 2015, they didn't stop?? Tzuyu is born in TAIWAN, not CHINA!!! Taiwan Netizens are praising her, while chinese netizens are criticising every actions of her!! I hope Tzuyu won't be affected by  #ProtectTzuyu
#China Vegetables donated to #Wuhan were not sent into Wuhan & left to rot on the roadside. Chinese officials consider selling overpriced vegetables to Chinese citizens under lockdown to be a profitable business. Donation harm their profit and is banned. 
I have a thing for single Chinese nurse 30 with a passion for fighting coronavirus! Ours will be a story of love in times of coronavirus epidemic!
Coronavirus: 3 Chinese quarantined in Plateau  
#China CCP officials' luxury and formality for holding their so called "meetings" or "conferences" The Chinese people have NEVER voted or elected these people to form a government. The CCP is the biggest parasite of China. 
chinese netizens crying because they didn't get a cent off of Tzuyu's money 
My sincere thanks to #Indian friends from  for their support and solidarity to #Chinese people fighting against #Covid-19. Resuming normal personnel and trade exchanges at an early date serves the interests of our two 
As the epidemic situation remains grim  Chinese President Xi Jinping stresses the country's unremitting efforts in the prevention and control of the novel 
chinese netizens cant threaten to boycott Tzuyu and Twice because they dont promote in china  
A fat Chinese guy...somewhere unknown...is celebrating.
Simple: the Chinese are accumulating #BTC. They have far bigger CNY fiat channels and the overwhelming majority of their users are Chinese. Check their demographic.
#BAIC Planning to Launch #X25 Compact SUV for the Same Price as #Suzuki #Cultus BAIC, a Chinese state-owned automaker, is set to make a serious impact in the #Pakistan's automotive industry with some of its very interesting 
SHOW the zero emissions-zealots these charts and ask them why they aren’t glueing themselves to the sidewalk of their local Chinese embassy?  
I was with Woke Twitter when it piled on restaurants & petitions in Korea calling for a Chinese/foreigner ban. But now that over 70 countries actually ban/limit entry to S. Koreans? *crickets chirping*
“The government is happy if religious groups make contributions but is wary that they will use charity to expand their base and infiltrate society." My piece in the NYT on how Chinese religions are dealing with the coronavirus outbreak.  …
The endangered Chinese crocodile lizard is the last surviving species of its genus and family—which dates back more than 100 million years. 
Communist CN cyber army is widely forging fake TW gov’t “announcements”, spreading rumors of “mass cremations, stadiums turned into makeshift hospitals, sudden increase in confirmed Covid-19 cases”, & telling Chinese citizens that everything is fine, other nations are   …
While #r4today focuses on persecution of Christians, current reality is millions of #Muslims held in Chinese camps, millions displaced & killed in #Syria & the Muslim minority are being killed by mobs in India, as ‘leaders’ stay silent. Has the world gone deaf?
Why would she???? She's a Taiwanese not Chinese. Did they forget how they trashtalk tzuyu before? Lol it's a no. And i know she or her mother wil donate in Taiwan
#PRC officials say they care about our health as if we're blood relatives. But while #Taiwan is dealing with #COVID19 originating from #Wuhan, their cyber warriors are waging war to disrupt our efforts. So this is epidemic fighting with Chinese characteristics. I'm speechless. JW 
Take a look at how Chinese farmers use machines and tools to improve production efficiency at greenhouses 
Can you imagine what it's like for our Chinese Indonesian brothers and sisters? If they had even the slightest indication of a stuffy nose, i would bet my savings that our cabby would not hesitate to kick em out at a moment's notice. 4/
The great Warriors striker Agent "Ajira" Sawu at last night’s @FUZ_ZIM awards in Harare. He's 48 now, what a player he was! He’s not working with any club at present. From Zim Saints he had a long spell in Switzerland then a season in the Chinese Super League then joined Dynamos. 
Chinese Netizens React To Tzuyu’s Donation. 1. Did she donated to Taiwan? 2. She donated to Korea but not Taiwan & China 3. Did she donated to China? 4. How to praise her? Did she even donated to China? 5. Isn’t she Chinese? Why don’t donate to China? 
And we just got raided by three police units because a French guest that checked in 5 minutes before was reported by the ferry staff for looking a bit Chinese..
EXCLUSIVE: Chinese Restaurants Record Low Patronage In Lagos Over #Coronavirus Fears | Sahara Reporters Managers and owners of such cuisine business in Lagos said patronage had dropped further after the confirmed case of the virus in the state...READ MORE:  
Very #ProudToBeWHO on this @WHO-China Joint Missiom Team Humbled by work of Chinese scientists, public health professionals, frontline workers and the public. #EvidenceBased #containment #prevention #Control #COVID2019  …
Considering the weak GDP and macro data posted in the 4th quarter by major economies and the impact of the Chinese lockdown, consensus hopes for a V shaped recovery in the second quarter seem too optimistic.
Dear @abcnews Whenever you mention #Coronavid19 you show visuals of Chinese looking people Is this conscious or unconscious #racism ? Apart from racist It's dangerous considering many other nations have #coronavirus outbreaks Stop it please #auspol
Chinese warship fired laser at American surveillance plane, U.S. Navy says  
We are over run with Chinese, Indians, Africans & muslims yet white South African families are being brutally slaughtered. Whatever the UN pretends to stand for is an immediate joke when you consider the evil that is being perpetuated on white South Africans. Let them IN  …
Anyone freaking out about the Chinese PMI clearly didn't take more than five minutes to think about the situation. There was no way it was possibly going to be a good print with the economy frozen for two weeks. Here is a blog post I wrote last month:.  …
#Coronavirus watch, Feb. 29: - Italy: 888 cases, 21 dead - Iran: 388 cases, 34 dead, Chinese aid arrives - US: 2nd case of unknown origin reported - Japan: Disneyland, Universal Studios to be closed - Saudi Arabia: Entry of Gulf nationals to Mecca, Medina suspended 
Sun Yang is a metaphor for the Chinese Communist Party's behaviour Cheating, bullying, lying, breaking the rules I am glad Sun Yang has now been banned We must stand up to #CCP in the same way Sun Yang: Eight-year ban for Chinese Olympic champion  …
A Chinese netizen's story of finding her baby boy's birthmark at the same position as her deceased dog's goes viral on Weibo. "I got pregnant the same day we lost our dog," said the woman. 
This drop in the Chinese PMI in isolation is enough to move the Global PMI 4-4.5 index points lower and that is even before considering spill-overs. This is really really bad.
HUENINGKAI REALLY WAS ABOUT TO TELL US HIS CHINESE NAME BUT THEN SAID "IT'S A SECRET" WHICH HE WILL REVEAL IN THE FUTURE..... PLS HE IS PLAYING WITH OUR HEARTS (again) 
Liverpool has the oldest  in Europe and apparently some people are thinking the restaurants and businesses here are best avoided bc of coronavirus. Get your head out of your arses you ignorant mings. @YingWah_Woolton I’ll be seeing you later x
When countering the #COVID19 epidemic, the Chinese system has flaws, but has also proven advantages. How about putting aside differences just for once? Bicker later! What's more important than saving lives now? @thepointwithlx 
Chinese fans focused so much on US iTunes they forgot that if they don't cough up the cash for all countries there will be a massive discrepancy between them. That's why Jimin charted high everywhere, including Australia, UK, Canada, New Zealand, Scotland, France AND US.
I have one word for you this morning after watching the Chinese PMI 
Researcher At University Of Tennessee Arrested For Wire Fraud, Making False Statements About Affiliation w Chinese University Anming Hu “engaged in a scheme to defraud NASA by concealing his affiliation with Beijing University of Technology.”  …
HERE IT IS, FOLKS!! 2762 People Killed by the Chinese flu WORLDWIDE 2754 People SHOT in Chicago --in 2019 !! Don't lick any doorknobs. Don't fall for #MiniMike hysteria. This is what Leftist Propaganda looks like  …
So when is that Chinese drug cheat going to hand back his medals? Apparently he can keep them because he wasn’t tested at the time but this is WRONG
Bloomberg refuses to call China’s Xi a dictator — saying the Chinese people “don’t seem to want” a democracy Is Bloom on crack? These ppl don’t seem to enjoy being herded,brutalized by Xi’s regime b/c they might be ill Prob locked away, forgotten  …
Indian cities are still some of the world's most polluted, according to a new report. Several Chinese cities, including Beijing, have dramatically improved their air quality in recent years.  
How Chinese people greet each other nowadays because of the coronavirus 
#IJCovid This is why I alerted on a January 16th 2020 video asking WHY CHINESE PEOPLE were wearing masks all over supermarkets in Lagos. The NMA should be alerting doctors side by side with the health agencies to REGISTER these patients in the govt infectious disease database
I live/work for a US manufacturer in Shanghai. Feb was slow. Double whammy: Chinese New Year then 10 day delay to opening all factories. We started back to work on Feb 10th instead of planned Jan 31. Were about 1/2 staff for the 1st week. But close to full production now.
Good morning Abuja We’re ready to take your orders this beautiful morning. Call us on 08071171529 or text us on Whatsapp on 09035655770. Pasta, Chinese rice and quarter chicken available for N2500. 
NOW AVAILABLE: The laid out @IPBES #GlobalAssessment Summary in all @UN languages!      
CandyCrush uploaded a TMI! CC was heading to Chicago and met a Chinese-American staff at the Airport Duty Free! Staff: Who are they? (SuperM) CFan: (Explains about SM idols, EXO...) Staff: Ah EXO~ I only know Boxian All: There's Boxian in there!! #BAEKHYUN @B_hundred_Hyun 
Why did Australia’s government declare #coronavirus a pandemic? It doesn’t trust the WHO. “The information from multiple international sources is that the WHO is under intense pressure from the Chinese government, and succumbing to it.”  …
Still wondering who authorized the 239 Chinese nationals into our country and thereby risking the lives of 48 million Kenyans . Nchi ilishauzwa. the person knows very well we don’t have the capacity to fight Corona, yeye akipata homa Ako 1st flight to Canada for treatment. Sad.
during the dance break he was like “where’s my jin don’t leave out my jin oh here  and thai armys please translate “p jin” in english hhhh i’m understanding from the chinese sub he called him 哥哥 i’m gonna cry
“What it means is China could basically detain anyone and say they have renounced their citizenship and  Chinese,” Dahlin said. “They can deny consular access simply by having the person denounce their citizenship and be given Chinese citizenship.”  …
Dear @jidesanwoolu @NCDCgov @Fmohnigeria 3rd Time There are TWO Chinese nationals +ve and Q in Ikeja with #COVID19Nigeria in a private hospital #DoSomething #CommunitySpread Nigerian doctors are collecting exorbitant amounts to treat them and keep them off govt 
What's this? Oh, just the governor of a big Italian region saying that the coronavirus was only dangerous in China because the Chinese have terrible hygiene. Venetians, by contrast, are too clean and cultured for the virus to pose a real danger to them.  …
For the #coronavirus patients in critical condition, there is hope as long as you are alive and the #COVID19 cure rate in #China has surpassed #Japan, the #US, and #Singapore: top Chinese medical expert. 
Chinese SGR staff lived large at Kenyans' cost. On its Bill of Quantities, CRBC sought  for 5,795 Chinese personnel. They were paid handsomely and lived lavishly at Kenyan taxpayers’ expense. 
Mbu the British Colonized us and now the Chinese are here to Coronaize us... Cheiii 
Court orders Matiang'i to trace the 239 passengers and quarantine them. They should be easy to find.They will be the ones in the Chinese restuarants caning Kenyan waiters.
You will soon find out that (should / when it happens) almost every farm that gets EWC, will magically have a... Chinese owner. Yes they are classified as Black BBBEE for a reason. 1. To honour ANC debts to China 2. To gain control of the food & minerals 3. Mineral rights
As COVID-19 continues to spread in #Japan, many overseas Chinese there have  out on the streets to distribute masks to the local people, expressing gratitude to Japanese people for their selfless help to China during #COVID19 outbreak  
When Someone starts Playing Chinese Gospel Songs.  …
Let's help Chinese Swifties. @trepaine @UMG @UMPG 
Look, I’m an optimist but this - and the Australians avoiding Chinese restaurants - seriously make me doubt my faith in people. WTAF?!  …
The Court of Arbitration for Sport has upheld an appeal filed by WADA against Chinese swimmer Sun Yang and the international swimming federation FINA. Yang has been banned from the sport for eight years for missing an  test  
Visualize a bunch of silverbacks terrorizing a chinese sushi buffet. This is the future I believe in 
@CBP agents apprehended 1,155 Chinese migrants this fiscal year after illegally entering from Mexico, Canada, or coastal boundaries. More than 95% came over the southwestern border between October 1, 2019 & January 31, 2020.  …
For everyone worried about coronavirus, I suggest you take a look at Thailand. They had almost 3 million tourists over the Chinese New Year. Cases initially spiked and then tapered off. Either containment or temperature worked to contain the virus. Total confirmed cases: 41
“Chinese bangs pony tail in the bun time!” , sis giving me chun-li vibes 
LMAO, profits are paramount you lying scum. Fetch me my Chinese Motrin would ya, hun? “Quality, safety & availability of drugs are paramount for patient safety regardless of where they are made,” said Ilisa Bernstein, of American Pharmacists Association.  …
Also Tagalog! Vietnamese! Simplified & Traditional Chinese! AAPI one-pagers in English! Bilingual lit! We'll post the links soon, but in the meantime feel free to shoot me an email at marylou@elizabethwarren.com for a pdf to print yourself  …
Good news! A total of 39,002 #COVID19 patients have been discharged from hospital, surpassing the total 37,414 confirmed cases as of Feb 28, which is the first time in the Chinese mainland, according to the National Health Commission. 
Moscow will deport 88 foreign nationals for violating coronavirus quarantine measures. Daily raids are being conducted in crowded places and at the residences of Chinese citizens and those of others who flew in from China. 
LRT so One chinese American duty free worker were asking them if SuperM are kpop stars and someone explained what SuperM concept is and the worker went like oh, I only know EXO I only know Boxian! Yup Baekhyun, worldwide superstar. 
Taiwan TV channel CBC Dongsen doing a long report on Chinese diplomat Wang Xining’s appearance on the ABC’s @QandA program this week. 
Chinese Swifties needs help! The inaction and discriminatory treatment of UMG China have seriously affected Taylor Swift’s reputation and development in China. #TaylorSwift @taylornation13 @treepaine 
"Trump calls coronavirus Democrats' 'new hoax'" Oh? I thought global warming was the "Chinese hoax." Now it's coronavirus? That's lie #94,426,996,125,742,832,126,444 since inauguration day.  …
Inspired by citizen journalists, a Chinese state TV news presenter traveled to Wuhan, the #coronavirus epicenter, to report on the truth. He has just been arrested. Any suggestion that China’s disease control is “exemplary” appears increasingly  …
Tbh the hardest language for most people to speak is not english nor chinese, but; the truth.
sungjoo a whole korean speaking chinese in his vlog, w/a korean title, chinese subs and some english words edited instan multicultural king! 
Apart from the protagonist’s role (the look in the centre), #ChiyaanVikram plays a priest, an old Chinese man, a Russian guy, an English man, a politician and a retro guy. #CobraFirstLook @AjayGnanamuthu about  …
[ABC News pre-prod meeting Pt.2] "What else?" "Gold Coast beautician! Positive for coronavirus!" "Oh, um... a... Chinese beautician...?" "No" "Thank God for that. Don't want to stoke racism" "Came from Iran" "Oh my God! Islamophobia! Even worse!" *heads explode* #ETW
There's a little more to this airline story... "Ground crew who handle the Chinese airline wrote to their supervisor on February 2 expressing their fears and asking to be issued with protective gear but got no response." ...Sounds like sheer negligence.  …
Miniature Mountain with Daoist Paradise, 1736  #museumarchive 
In phone call with Chinese President Xi Jinping #Cuba President @DiazCanelB conveyed #support and #solidarity to #China vs #coronavirus while offering our help, however modest, as expression of Cuban people #solidarity and special feelings that unite both countries. 
Where's #RuleofLaw? "After operating for just 3 years, Yukon Zinc, owned by a private  left the territory w unpaid security deposits & a flooded mine site, polluted w cadmium, selenium, copper and lead." & Politicians want to "Save Asia"  …
Here's our first statistical window onto how the Wuhan virus hit the Chinese economy. I suggest you read this sitting down.  …
The malicious misinformation & false propaganda about #COVID19 is flooding on social media to sow panic & cause social instability in #Taiwan. These images that appear to be govt. documents have been doctored & reproduced, some are even written in simplified Chinese. DON'T SHARE. 
Chinese Super League team Wuhan Zall were invited by LaLiga and Real Madrid to watch El Clásico as guests of honor. The team can't return to Wuhan due to the Coronavirus outbreak and were training in Sotogrande (Cádiz) in January #ElClásico 
CHINESE COMPOSITE PMI (FEB) ACTUAL: 28.9 VS 53.0 PREVIOUS
Chinese mainland reported 427 new confirmed cases of #COVID19 on Friday, including 423 from Hubei and 4 from outside the province  
Dear @narendramodi Ji, please send all Indian Evangelists performing miracles to China to help Chinese suffering from #coronavirus #NoConversion 
“For too long,  politicians, and academics have caved to Chinese pressure, and the trend will continue as long as CCP-influenced academic rhetoric continues to dominate.”  …
Why did our gov't not initiate this 3 or 4 weeks ago when they closed the border to Chinese travelers? They obviously knew there was a growing threat. Just really  Our country has only tested like 450 people to date!
Cocksucker #SunYang is a Chinese CCP cheat, bully and looser.  …
China expert @GordonGChang on Zooming In #CPAC2020 Day 2. As #coronavirus spreads around the world, China's trade partners are not able to buy #Chinese products as they did. We're going to see a much more obvious effect on the #Chinese economy than we did in 
Coworkers flew in from Japan 2 weeks ago & had spent many days hiking in Japan with Chinese nationals, Sick hacking & coughing since return & they're very concerned but CDC says meh. No testing available. Flu or...
Portugal’s Chinese people are isolating themselves after travel to China. One quarantined student says: “Lisbon has no cases of coronavirus. We need to keep it that way.” 
The Chinese government’s reflexive censorship of early-warning whistleblowers allowed the coronavirus outbreak to explode yet Beijing tries to propagandize Xi Jinping’s response to the virus. Only if the priority is suppressing bad news over public health.  
Fact Check Obama waited until 'millions' infected and 1000 dead before declaring H1N1 emergency. ON 12 30 19 CHINESE FIND UNKNOWN OUTBREAK. 1 31 20 TRUMP DECLARED PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY, RESTRICTED TRAVEL AND INITIATED QUARANTINES . SO WHO IS INCOMPETENT? Paint my country 
A video of a Chinese girl giving out masks in Tokyo has gone viral on social media. In the video, she is wearing a headpiece of a baby deer doll and holding a cardboard box with the Japanese words "Gratitude from Wuhan" on it. #FightVirus 
Coronavirus fear grips Narok East after 6 Chinese arrive #CoronavirusKe  
Chinese, Chilean presidents discuss #COVID-19 epidemic, bilateral ties over phone. The governments and people of many countries, including Chile, have offered China strong support in various ways, for which China is sincerely grateful, Xi says  
The Senate passed a bill that would prohibit the use of federal funds to purchase equipment from Huawei and provide $1 billion for rural  to replace equipment from the Chinese tech giant that the U.S. has blacklisted. 
Thread: Inspired by @YujieXuett @LiuChang_Claire at @SixthTone, I looked at ageism in Chinese show biz. I scraped all Chinese movies since 1980 (>2,000 after data cleaning), and found, perhaps unsurprisingly, a strong preference for young actresses not seen for actors. 1/n 
Disney’s live-action version of Mulan was set for worldwide release on March 27, but now the movie's Chinese release date is delayed indefinitely, since theaters remain closed over coronavirus concerns. 
Going to drink Corona beer in a Chinese restaurant in Corona, Queens. I don’t give a fuck  …
Trump copies the Chinese leader by lying about the coronavirus. Tonight trump called the virus the “new hoax.” But as opposed to the Chinese leader, trump needs to be criminally prosecuted if any Americans die from this disease because of his lies. #TrumpLiesAboutCoronavirus
It’s not President Trump’s fault that the Chinese love themselves some bat soup. He’s been harder on China than anyone. Remember, it was the Do Nothing Dems that ripped him for his travel ban on China. 
When the coronavirus broke out in China, a wave of mistrust toward Chinese people swept through Italy. Italy, alone in Europe, banned all direct flights from China. Now, it is Italians who are taken aback as others try to exclude them. 
It is ridiculous that YouTube helped the Chinese government censor the following #HongKong documentary with > 1M views . We urge ppl to be aware of #YouTube #censorship against freedom of speech with influence from China. Documentary re-uploaded:  
That doesn't solve anything. Reality is if the Chinese economy doesn't get back to normal pretty soon, these financial fires aren't going to be campfires but infernos. Even before this, exporters to China talked about upwards of 6 months to get paid and accounts receivable 14/n
What an Ass... Chinese People have no power against their oppressive  dictatorship Bloomberg Says Chinese People ‘Don’t Seem To Want’ Democracy: ‘They Like Their System’ - The Daily Caller  …
Chinese coronavirus foot handshake - a lot smoother #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak 
NPL rates are bogus and wound so tightly any hiccup could cause enormous ripple effect. Chinese banks baseline on reports has been a true NPL rate of 8%. Stress tests said that NPLs would rise rapidly if growth fell to 4%. The government officially has the capacity 9/n
hi! everyone i'm not new to #Anitwt i'm just trying to get new mutuals like/rt ✧iDOLM@STER (All series but,SideM main) ✧Fate GO ✧GBF ✧Shoujo anime(Fruit Basket,Natsume yuujinchou,ETC) ✧Chinese Novel & Drama and anything that related with Anime & Chinese novel & Drama 
Chinese foot handshake a lot more smoother #coronavirus #Coronavid19 #Covid19usa 
 you will see (except Japan). More indebted than US households etc etc as a % of GDP or household  Here is why the stress is greater: Chinese firms and households pay significantly higher interest rates. If  their debt loads to middle  7/n
A study by 4 Chinese economist with hard to fake data points establish that China has been overstating its true GDP by nearly 20%. China has been over-reporting its growth rate by an average of 1.7 percentage points every  …
The phrase “Chinese Coronavirus” appears eight times in a brief press release  …
Now that Trump claims that the Corona Virus is a "Hoax" by Democrats, I assume he'll be holding his next campaign rally at the quarantine ward in California, and also paying a visit to Wuhan to make his next speech about his Chinese trade deal, right? #TrumpLiesAboutCoronavirus
The Chinese economy will contract in the first quarter due to the coronavirus, despite their government's extreme efforts to bring the country back online, economist Mark Zandi tells @chriscuomo.  
Timing for this is as expected Travel for Chinese New Year started a month ago. A week or two for incubation & another two to three for the first few deaths No one takes things serious until people start dying. Cases will surge for two weeks and if containment works, then fall
A new study from the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention finds coronavirus patients older than the age of 80 are in the greatest danger 
A Chinese destroyer fired a weapons-grade laser at a US surveillance aircraft, US Navy says  …
I really feel like marginalised Chinese immigrants and the NZ-born working classes are  together today in solidarity as they loot Pak n' Save - but for full revolutionary effect, they should loot Franklin Rd New World.
Look guys, the Chinese word for ‘crisis’ also means ‘opportunity’ so let’s look at this as a great opportunity to have a huge crisis.
Corona Virus Stopped Ya From Eating Chinese Food But HIV Ain’t Stop Ya From Fuckin Raw
Growing number of Chinese immigrants smuggled through San Diego border  … VIRUS HERE WE COME !!!
Remember the news when they discovered Chinese nationals randomly at Mar a Lago? I wonder if Trump is going to hide there this weekend to avoid the Coronavirus. Also, anyone remember reading Masque of the Red Death by Poe? Great story.
an old cr*cker customer at work just asked me if i was chinese & if any of my relatives in china has the coronavirus imma spit in his food 
Russia may  first country to deport Chinese nationals in response to coronavirus.  …
Take a look at how Chinese farmers use machines and tools to improve their production in greenhouses 
Anyone who uses #TrumpCrash is a partisan brainlet. Coronavirus is running rampant in China. Chinese production is heavily affected. US corporations base their factories in China. But yeah, it's Trump's fault. Living without a brain must be so difficult. How do you manage?
Recently, Indian actor #AamirKhan made a video of encouragement for Chinese regarding the novel coronavirus crisis. After he found out about the outbreak in #China, he spoke about his concern for the Chinese people saying he hopes everyone can  the crisis together. 
The U.S. has an ugly history of associating Chinese people with disease. 
American friends know almost nothing about the CCP. But our general is an American patriot. He has a deep understanding of the CCP's evil and very friendly to the Chinese people, winning our respect.  
“you don’t know what they’re saying” “your chinese groups or whatever” “the boys look like girls”  …
Chinese Ambassador Cheng Xueyuan bid farewell to SL as he takes up a new position. He conveyed appreciation of both the people & Govt for the support & solidarity shown to #China during their darkest hour, brought on by the #coronovirus and pledged to continue support for 
Wow, just announced: Chinese manufacturing PMI for February is only 35.7, down from 50. The forecast reading was 46. Any reading below 50% indicates a contraction in activity. #COVID2019 has definetly strike hard. #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
Nah they just know they can’t introduce a sexually confused character to their Chinese audience  …
Chinese government must take good care of my dad!!!! As I mentioned, my dad has high blood pressure. He is short of proper medicine now! If anything happens to him, I will do whatever it takes to go against whoever allowed it to happen to him!!
As the owner of a cabinet shop, I can help you with that problem. We can  with Chinese products and it keeps you in business!
Dear China Stop STEALING OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Anming Hu, Researcher at University Arrested for Wire Fraud and Making False Statements About Affiliation with a Chinese University cc @911CORLEBRA777 want the  …
An authoritarian China is perhaps the single greatest threat to freedom around the world. Tune in as I discuss the importance of linking arms with our allies to confront growing Chinese aggression with @AndersFoghR at the @UofDenver’s @JosefKorbel  …
#LATEST on #COVID19 outbreak in China, as of Feb 28: - 79,251 confirmed cases in Chinese mainland - 2,835 deaths - 39,002 discharged from hospital 
Friends, @pyladies needs your help again with translations. Please reach out if you can help translate from English to Spanish, French, Chinese or Arabic. The text to be translated are: Basic member form:  … Voting member form:  … Thx!!
Chinese National Sentenced for Stealing Trade Secrets Worth $1 Billion #Justice  
Chinese crimes on Philippine soil.  …
Shane Jones can never have another succulent Chinese meal again as long as he lives. That's the price of racism. Boiled mutton only.
On Friday, the Chinese mainland reported 427 new cases of #COVID19 and 47 new deaths. By now, the Chinese mainland has reported: - 79,251 confirmed cases, with another 94 in Hong Kong, 10 in Macao and 34 in Taiwan - 2,835 deaths - 39,002 recovered patients 
all jokes aside keep supporting local chinese businesses you fucking dorks
For my Chinese speaking followers, some really interesting possible revelations here.  …
Chinese mainland reports 427 new infections today. Only 7 cases outside Wuhan. Keep declining!
There was a tip off that Vigil's Chinese name is 哲敬, so I corrected it. 
The Senate passed a bill that would prohibit the use of federal funds to purchase equipment from Huawei and provide $1 billion for rural  to replace equipment from the Chinese tech giant that the U.S. has blacklisted. 
if you're not happy single, you won't be happy in a relationship. true  from ordering $30 of Chinese and cancelling all your plans on Friday night, not from someone else
The #red #panda are actually two separate #species: Scientists say they have found substantial divergences between the #Chinese red pandas and #Himalayan red pandas #Animal #Science  via @Reuters @CONTEMPRA_INN – at Contempra Inn
Alternate headline: Idiot McSonInLaw makes $25 million off his investment with Chinese agent Wendi Murdoch and Goldman Sachs so his brother could sell to the Bonesaw Mafia  …
Married Chinese couple were drowned after being tied up inside suitcases and thrown into a river while still ALIVE in Thailand 
When the coronavirus outbreak began in China, a wave of mistrust toward Chinese people swept through Italy. Now, as  its own outbreak, some Italians are taken aback that they are being treated as a risk 
Chinese laboratory that first shared coronavirus genome with world ordered to close for ‘rectification’, day after it shared the data. It was not clear whether the closure was related to the publishing of the sequencing data before the authorities.  …
#GretaThunberg? @ajcdeane gives this short shrift. UK is doing her bit very well. "Go & tell the Chinese or the Russians to reduce their pollution & see how you get on". 
What do Sun Yang and the Chinese Communist Party have  One breaks agreed international rules and lies about it, is aggressive in self-defence and self promotion, prizes “winning” above all else, and tries to cover up wrongdoing. The other is a swimming cheat.  …
Apparently @SenSchumer has deleted this tweet. I can see why. How can he now blame Trump for a Chinese flu virus when he was actively pushing for easier pathways to import it to America? 
‘At present boycott [of our national broadcaster] only lifted so ministers can discuss coronavirus’ Imagine the outrage if you read this sentence about the Chinese government, and take stock of just how far we’ve fallen.  …
So I have a slight Chinese sounding cough and I’m watching an auction and I think I’ve figured out a way to drive down prices in areas being gentrified...
The shift in shills has been really amazing as it's spread across the world. It went from Chinese "empty bun" to Magapede "It's just the flu".  …
Chinese swimmer Sun Yang banned for eight years for doping offence  …
Imagine being locked up in a Chinese prison for 446 days. You cannot see your family. No justifiable reason has been given. That is what our Canadian friend and colleague Michael Kovrig is facing. #FreeMichaelKovrig.  
Feb 21st . 64 year old Chinese lady minding her own biz. Some diverse individual caved her head in with a hammer a few blocks from his mosque, thus little coverage
Encore has four different language logos in English, Japanese, and simplified/traditional Chinese #TokyoMirageSessions #FE 
Chinese Crypto and Blockchain Firms Grapple With Coronavirus Outbreak  via 
Chinese state media asks followers what they liked about the #COVID19 response in China. I don't think this was the reaction they were looking  …
Portugal’s Chinese people are isolating themselves after travel to China. One quarantined student says: “Lisbon has no cases of coronavirus. We need to keep it that way.” 
China: We are ready to provide any related information and experience. American politicians: Don't trust  Party. They are lying. Well, apparently, China tried again and again. People just don't listen.  …
Me: Hard not to, you are literally 5 ft from me. Our carts are next to each other. Bob: What did you hear? Me: Everything. And, by the way, I have a family member who’s Chinese and a friend who’s Korean. Just saying. Believe what you will, but talking like that is wrong. 8
China expert: Coronavirus could contribute to a collapse of the Chinese Communist Party in the same way that Chernobyl led to the former Soviet Union’s demise. Read my #CPAC2020 interview with @GordonGChang here from @JTNReports:  
Plague Inc was removed from the Chinese app store!!!!  …
Help me out: Are there any predominately Asian American churches that are fully affirming — no restrictions whatsoever? I’ve only got 2 on my list, both in nyc: H:AN Methodist (Korean, in Upper Manhattan) and Grace Alice Fellowship (Chinese in NYC Chinatown), both churchplants
Dozens of Chinese hospitals are already using something similar  …
What have Emperor Poop & his fellow CCP terrorists been hiding? Chinese laboratory that first shared coronavirus genome with world ordered to close for ‘rectification’, hindering its Covid-19 research | South China Morning Post  …
A Chinese couple were shot by their three  in an upscale restaurant in Makati City on Wednesday night.  
Waiter at our local favorite Chinese restaurant in Newton, MA “Thank you. You are only the 2nd person in all day...”
"raising the possibility"? FFS. When we finally get around to the kind of widescale testing the Chinese, South Koreans, and others have been doing for weeks, we're going to be pretty upset.  …
New Covid-19 case fatality estimates from Chinese CDC study. Big jump from patients in their 40s (0.4%) to patients in their 50s (1.3%). Existing conditions vastly increase fatalities: hypertension 6%, Diabetes 7.3%, heart disease 10.5%.  
China expert: Coronavirus could lead to a collapse of Chinese Communist Party. #jtnreports  …
Good article on how Chinese gamers are using VPN's and Game Accelerators to play Escape from Tarkov. The game is not officially released in the country but is growing in popularity.  …
Folks don’t adequately grok what ongoing shutdown of most Chinese industry & trade means for the US & world economies. There is a *really* vicious  Retail can’t replenish most products. Manufacturers can’t get parts. Layoffs will feed a vicious cycle. [1/2]
Old white man in Sbux wearing a lot of turquoise & silver bracelets & a silver hamsa w a cross in it: “I love A lot of what Trump has done, but I don’t think he’s handling this Chinese virus thing.” He coughs, without covering his mouth. “He’s gotta start taking it seriously.”
I don't care what others have been saying about this video. This was not coughed up by a Chinese villager before being taken into quarantine. 
A new study from the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention finds coronavirus patients older than the age of 80 are in the greatest danger 
The free flow of information is critical to containing #COVID19. The #Chinese govt should not continue to censor or detain medical personnel & citizen journalists such as #LiWenliang, #ChenQiushi, #FangBin, & most recently  …
Corona virus is like Pasta. The Chinese invented it, but the Italians spread it all over the world.
Didn't the government just award the contract to make british passports to the french? And our new 5G network is to be built by the Chinese. This taking back control thing is really working out well
When the coronavirus outbreak began in China, a wave of mistrust toward Chinese people swept through Italy. Now, as  its own outbreak, some Italians are taken aback that they are being treated as a risk 
China - Chinese laboratory that first shared #coronavirus genome with world ordered to close for ‘rectification’, hindering its #COVIDー19 research  … h/t Shiloh
when you think about it, directly stating that a chinese lab made the coronavirus is a lot like choosing the wrong words. in that you chose those words to be placed in a specific order, in a sentence, and you were wrong to do that
China does not have freedom. China’s leaders  The people are afraid to say anything. People who fight the Chinese government tend to go missing. The people would love to vote! Bloomy’s WRONG ... AGAIN! Someday they will rise up and win!  …
"Its jazzy polyrhythms of conflicted intent create a megatonic fusion of noir & idiosyncratic personal drama, an abstract work of hired gun craftsmanship that novas into a startling self-portrait." I wrote about THE KILLING OF A CHINESE BOOKIE for @BWDR.  
renjun being so natural at korean that the mc said he thought renjun was a korean thats good at chinese 
This is terrible and everyone should eat Chinese food this weekend.  …
JOE BIDEN’S answer to the CORONAVIRUS - He successfully led a similar effort before w/Ebola - Fully fund the CDC and NIH - Insist on TRANSPARENCY from CHINA - he has experience dealing with the Chinese leader that NONE of the other candidates has. 
If the Chinese government start to issue free visa and flight ticket to anyone interested, will you go?
South Wutai Mountain located in Chang'an District of Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. It is one of the most famous holy places of Chinese Buddhism. There are nearly 1,000 species of plants in the mountains, including buckeyes, Wangchun Flowers and many other precious species. 
A Chinese Citizen Journalist Covering #Coronavirus Just Live-Streamed His Own Arrest. Li Zehua quit his job at state-run TV station CCTV to expose the reality of life inside the #Wuhan lockdown zone. #SARSCoV2 #Covid19   – at National Institutes of Health (NIH)
Daxingshan Temple situated on West Xingshansi Street of Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. The temple originally built in 265-289 in the Jin Dynasty (265-420). It is one of the oldest Buddhist temples in China and a birthplace of Chinese Tantric Buddhism (Vajrayana). 
3- It is worth noting that the Italian patient No. 1 was infected with the new coronavirus after vacationing in Hawaii, USA, without any history of Chinese sojourn. So from this perspective, the outbreak in Italy has nothing to do with China at all.
To be clear, I think Chinese and Americans are exactly the same. And I like the ones who are kind and thoughtful and don’t like the ones who are brutish and arrogant. The Chinese govt is brutish and arrogant. The American govt is heading that direction but the core is still good.
Since we are joking, here goes one: *Corona virus is like Pasta. The Chinese invented it, but the Italians will spread all over the world.*
No one: That chinese kid with the first quirk:  …
CHINESE PLS 
Chinese Netizens Arrested for Criticizing President Xi Jinping  …
All these niggas looking at me weird at the airport i thought it was my mask but i figured them niggas think im chinese 
BREAKING: Chinese dissidents leak footage from the city of Wuhan. 
Aren't we hypocrites? We are asking FG to ban flights from China because of coronavirus, whereas if not for Chinese government, our containers would have been on it's way here. 12 containers of used clothes, which the Nigerian owner cant explain its origin was stopped at Huangpu.
The Chinese policy response to the COVID-19 outbreak, as well as the potential global disruption to economic activity arising through supply chains and other hidden channels. @S_Rabinovitch joins from  …
Then don’t trust, you goofball. Unfortunately China does care about Chinese citizens. I just hope your country can care about your citizens as well.  …
#Coronavirus: Amid efforts to reduce pollution in #China, the signal from quarantines remains clear. Unlike the past, activity levels have not rebounded after the Chinese New Year. New reporting from @KashaPatel & me  … #maps 
So far idiots have blamed coronavirus on: 1. Democrats 2. Deep State 3. CNN & MSNBC 4. Chinese Government 5. Corona beer At least they haven't blamed it on Hunter Biden, Mexico yet. I consider that a win.
IN DEPTH: Chinese cryptocurrency exchanges and other  are coping with a new reality as the coronavirus outbreak continues to disrupt their daily operations. Report by 
A former TV-anchor-turned-citizen-journalist was arrested in #Wuhan, the 3rd targeted for reporting unfiltered information in the Chinese regime’s crackdown on #FreeSpeech amid the  …
Just distracting myself for a moment. What is your favorite Chinese Food Mine...LO MEIN Oh...and I love Egg Rolls too!!!!
Even when China’s economy started tanking, banks were defaulting, Mini Mike Bloomberg still insisted including Ponzi Chinese bonds & firms into his Bloomberg Barclay /MSCI indexes, so our public retirement funds were forced to invest in those craps:   …
As people escape poverty,  to care more about the environment. The incredible decline in Chinese poverty spurred by economic liberalization coincided with better forest preservation: China had 511,800 more sq. km of forest area in 2015 than 1990.  …
Talking about letting the terrorists in Beijing rob us blind, never forget Mini Mike Bloomberg, who’s been selling Ponzi Chinese Stocks & Bonds while runing for POTUS:   …
An army of 100,000 Chinese ducks is getting ready to fight Pakistan's worst locust outbreak in decades 
Hi cold-texting Bernie bro Tim! I haven’t decided about the primaries but can’t help but notice that you confused me, one Chinese with a mouthful of a name, with another! Candidates aren’t interchangeable. Neither are we, no matter how similarly impossible our names may appear. 
‘The Chinese have…a pretty good system. And yet you’re still seeing the 2% mortality [rate].’ — This top U.S. health official says that the coronavirus can have just as serious an impact here as it has had in China 
A popular game—which asks players to shepherd a virus' deadly spread around the world—has been available on the Chinese App Store for years. Now authorities have deemed it "includes content that is illegal in China." 
It Never Stops, Even After Chinese Spies Were Caught Storming US/Mexico Borders With High Fever (Xivirus?) : Leftist Appeals Court Blocks President Trump’s “Remain In Mexico” Policy, Saying It Goes Beyond Boundaries Of Low  …
Chinese economy is starting back  reopening. Important to monitor how that will go
11 Chinese migrants found hiding inside furniture in moving truck at US-Mexico border What would it take for American elites to get serious about border control?  …
Shame on you, rumor mongers! The translation in Chinese (now widely circulated in China) reads: “US CDC admits the first COVID-19 case originated in the US”. 
bbc should really give vivi more attention and start building her a chinese fandom bc chinese fans don't play when  to supporting their idols
International travel is very expensive and it is no more likely that anyone in a Chinese restaurant's kitchen or waitstaff traveled to China for Lunar New Year than that someone at your local pizzeria was just in Naples for Carnevale  …
Ppl acting like all Chinatowns in the US are actual Chinese towns airlifted straight from China on a daily basis
Coronavirus' Top Targets: Men, Seniors, Smokers About 2.3% of overall infections have been lethal. Of people in their 70s who got the virus, 8% died, the study found, along with nearly 15% of those 80 and older. Chinese men smoke more.  … via @medscape
HG Nelson nailed it on The Drum..Govt didn't expect to win.. so wanted to drain the coffers before Labor took power. Rort and spend to garner favour with mates and potential mates. Then remember the Chinese Navy turning up without notice in Sydney!!. attempted embarrassment.
You know how we don’t trust much of anything from the Chinese government, and can’t tell if they’re under-reacting or overreacting? Well, it’s pretty much the opposite for the Japanese government. They’re pretty darn smart and, you know, not crazy.
Chinese  Geely launched its  SUV with an air-filtration system meant  the coronavirus  …
Chinese swimmer Sun Yang banned for eight years for breaking anti-doping rules and will miss 2020 Tokyo Olympics. 
holy fuck i talked to a chinese guy on the bus like,,, super old and he had a mask on i asked why?? and he said that if he didnt have it on people would yell at him cuz covid-19 :/ i fucking hate the way the media has spun this disease as "the china disease"
In 733, the Arabs sent  to the Chinese court named 摩思覽達干 (muâ si lâmᴮ dât kân in Middle Chinese). Seems to be "Maslama Tarkhan." This was during the Arab–Khazar wars. Why use Turkish title of Tarkhan? Maybe lingua franca was Turkish. Any ideas Twitter?
I will stop worrying about a Wuhan type situation here when our response to this stops looking like the Chinese response, i.e. keep the case numbers down by not testing:  …
Come again? The great power nuclear testing moratorium disproportionately benefits *America* because if we rip the seal off, the Chinese and Russian modernization programs go gangbusters if they can test. I don't care enough about the W93 to give China and Russia that opportunity  …
Sources told @GreatGameIndia that article was taken down due to mounting pressure from Chinese authorities. Even the archived version redirects to an error page. So we decided to publish the report in full. Were #Coronavirus samples destroyed by  …
Activision Blizzard is pulling out of GDC due to concerns related to COVID-19. Activision joins Sony, Microsoft, Facebook/Oculus, Amazon, Epic Games, Unity, PUBG Corp, 10 Chinese game firms and many more in withdrawing from the event.  …
Chinese 100,000-strong 'duck army' bound for Pakistan to fight locust plague. Interesting.  …
Avoiding Chinese restaurants, crossing to street to not walk past someone with Asian appearance and now this stupidity from the US...what was that about there's no panic?  …
The biggest question in my mind is that 1100 Chinese  to the border this past year. Most are runners so there's likely a lot more. Do we hold them for long enough past the incubation period before doing catch and release and giving them a court date?  …
"Wuhan, a very wealthy city by Chinese standards, with strong Western influences and with a very different climate to that of Beijing has always been a more difficult region to control – almost a hotbed of dissidents."  …
The #coronavirus outbreak, originating in China, is now spreading globally; impacting on global stock markets and affecting all major economies. With the US economy under Trump doing SO well, and with Trump standing up to the  the virus emergence is fortuitous
BUILD THE WALL!! THIS IS JUST ONE REASON TRUMP IS FIGHTING HARD FOR THE WALL! 1,155 Chinese Nationals Apprehended After Illegally Entering U.S. in 2020!ILLEGALS CROSSING BORDERS WITH DISEASES UNCHECKED IS SERIOUS! YET THEY CALL TRUMP RACIST FOR TRAVEL BAN & THE WALL! NOT! 
Chinese food delivery guy throws orders to avoid coronavirus  
Your people say Chinese people dey eat plenty frogs so that be why dem get Coronavirus 
Chinese laboratory in Shanghai that first shared coronavirus genome with world ahead of authorities ordered to close for ‘rectification’, hindering scientists’ research when they should be racing against the clock  …
Flip it patriots !! Who do you trust? @realDonaldTrump or lunatic liberals in the 9th circuit that just allowed people  in through our southern border? Chinese just  through the southern border December!  …
Traditional Chinese medicine is playing a role in fighting the coronavirus. See how. #coronavirus #COVID19  
Chinese President #XiJinping talked over phone with his Cuban counterpart, Miguel Diaz-Canel, on Friday  notes on the ongoing #COVID19 epidemic and how to further promote bilateral ties (file 
The coronavirus surfaced in a Chinese seafood and poultry market late last year. Here's a timeline of the outbreak so far. 
We refuse to let covid19 drive us to xenophobia. Last night we celebrated a birthday at Wellington's "Dragon" (chinese) restaurant. It may not be much in the grand scheme of things, but fear will not rule our lives. (PS: Duck was yummy.)(Apologies to vegetarians reading this.)
Virus: kills thousands of mostly Chinese people White people: *jokes*
Can anyone who speaks Chinese confirm this is true? I'm hoping to do a Chinese translation of #ClockworkGod and if this is legit it's marketing GOLD. THIS HAS MADE MY DAY PLEASE BE  …
How many bearded Chinese men have you seen my guy? The beard thing was even USA's CDC  …
Portugal’s Chinese people are isolating themselves after travel to China. One quarantined student says: “Lisbon has no cases of coronavirus. We need to keep it that way.” 
Well, we’ve had Chinese takeaway and Corona beer to strike a blow for GOOD OLD FASHIONED COMMON SENSE 
Chinese Olympic swimming champion Sun Yang has been banned from the sport for eight years for a dope test violation  
“Those who brag about the size of their rallies, usually have small penii.” -famous Chinese proverb
If this doesn’t make your blood run cold, nothing will. Is it mutating? “A Chinese official said some recovered patients had been found to be infectious.”  …
Justice Dept. charges University of Tennessee professor with hiding ties to China - The arrest is part of a crackdown against university researchers who conceal their ties to Chinese Inst. A Harvard professor was also recently arrested on similar charges.  …
Oops, maybe the genome will point to a source that the Chinese leaders do not want the world to know about. Could it have been a weaponized virus attempt that escaped?
China pushed his sentence after an unfair trial amid the coronavirus outbreak, hoping to bury it, but the message is loud and clear: This isn't just an existential threat to Hong Kong. The Chinese government is a civilizational threat to the free world.
Gui is a Hong Kong-based book seller with dual passports (Swedish + China). He published, among other things, titillating books exposing the Chinese leadership. While in Thailand, he was kidnapped (Thailand & China have  by China's secret police.
China just sentenced Gui Minhai to 10 yrs in prison for the "crime" of selling books. His story reinforces two truths: 1. The Chinese vision of the world is outright  with the free world's 2. The HK protesters are on the right side of history Who is Gui Minhai?
Coronavirus fear grips Narok East after 6 Chinese arrive 
YouTube automatically  on my video of me praying for China Was it because I called the government "communist," which it is? When I clicked to "learn more" it took me to a support page in Chinese @TeamYouTube is working with China on #coronavirus 
Chinese and Corona. Best way to set me up for my practice self quarantine 
For me, what was really eye opening and most puzzling this week..... was how well Chinese stocks held up this week! You'd think this would be the stocks that people wanted to sell the quickest and hardest! Go figure that one out.... $BABA, $BIDU.M, $LK, $BILI, 
#CoronaVirus gives us an opportunity to pray for our perceived enemies Be it  authoritarian Iranians, Jesuit Pope Francis, or radical Muslims We're all one human race, creations of God Pray with me (us)  …
Per on-ground estimates from logistic service providers, about 80% of Chinese factories and production facilities have resumed operations. Trucking and warehouse labor remains limited, but almost all port terminals are operating fully. My partners in China are not panicking.
Today I rallied with supporters in the Chinese  Thank you to everyone who came out! Also make sure to vote for these terrific API candidates running for Democratic County Committee: @MikeChenSF @mo4good @nadiarahmansf @MickDelRosario @maryjungsf  – at Portsmouth Square Park
Schumer: "It appears Pres. Trump and his admin have learned nothing from the Chinese government's failure to quickly &  the coronavirus. Hiding the truth about the coronavirus and the government's response only increases the likelihood of the virus spreading."
TIRED. "The new coronavirus originated in a bushmeat market" WIRED. "The new coronavirus originated in a Chinese bioweapons lab" INSPIRED. "The new coronavirus originated in a Chinese bioweapons lab & was released by a CIA infiltrator looking to help Buttigieg in the primary" 
Patients living with chronic diseases, including high blood pressure, can be particularly vulnerable to #COVID19. Here are some steps that health care providers and patients can take to stop its spread (available in English, Chinese and Arabic).  
"The Chinese word for 'crisis'  of two characters: 'danger' and 'opportunity,'" writes Xie Feng, a senior Chinese official 
In Chinese writing, there is no capital letter, there are no spaces between characters, and characters have 10 strokes, on average.
Yeah that’s why they’re seeing Chinese illegals at the border  huh, Mini Mike?I’m guessing they don’t like it! Bloomberg: China Is Not About People Picking Their Leaders, ‘They Like Their System’ - Trump Train  …
The loss being reported is from their Chinese market where basically every other  is recording similar losses. Has nothing to do with the name “Corona.” Saved you a click.  …
Chinese Warship ‘Lased’ American Surveillance Plane: US Navy  …
said press release issued by Infinix Pakistan Located in Pakistan Chinese smartphone brand’s manufacturing facility helps prevent unnecessary worry of coronavirus & inaccessibility of newest Infinix products.
So far idiots have blamed coronavirus on: 1. Democrats 2. Deep State 3. CNN & MSNBC 4. Chinese Government 5. Corona beer At least they haven't blamed it on Mexico yet. I consider that a win.
Kabutey is trying hard to level up with @shattawalegh so He go pay 1 Chinese artist thinking he is bigger Dan Jay Z..Let's set der tin straight.. Beyonce came n ft Wale but their kabutey is wasting his moni thinking he has ft someone bigger Dan Jay Z..Funny nation.
Should be BUSH-CCP foundation Please leave Chinese people alone. Bush acts as the United Front of CCP in the US?! What a bad guy!  …
Bannon: The biggest victim of this #pandemic has been the Chinese people, whom #CCP has lied to. The only way  #coronavirus is to get  with the Chinese people. The firewall  down. #WarRoomPandemic  
might do a Miller from the Expanse but with coronavirus. just  obsessed with a chinese blogger who has coronavirus, flying out to wuhan and being like "I'm sorry kid. We can go anywhere in the whole universe but you can't go home" to confused looks in the isolation ward 
A Ghanaian student quarantined for more than a month in the Chinese city at the epicentre of the coronavirus outbreak, describes how he's been coping with the isolation 
It is interesting. Inside the wall , Chinese said #coronavirus  from American. May  from their P4 lab in Wuhan is much more convincing, i think. #COVID19 
i'm gabrielle, chinese-jamaicanand i draw fanart mostly for fun.. i like  and overanalyzing 2d characters yaheyy 
. @VOG_2020: #CCP is putting out fake numbers, worried Chinese economy will actually collapse from #coronavirus #WarRoomPandemic  
Imagine worrying about PR after a conversation with a Chinese guy The irony does really write itself  …
3) Amid ongoing tensions between US and Chinese militaries in the South China Seas, a Chinese ship fired military grade laser (a "dazzler") at US Navy P-8 surveillance aircraft. US issued yet another demarche to the Chinese government. Increasing frequency of these events.
The insane parochialism of media suggesting that America's stock market plummet is the fault of the Trump administration is incredible. It's about global supply chains, Chinese opacity, and systemic European economic weakness. On the list of factors, Trump doesn't hit the top 10.
Coroa virus isn’t gonna be Trump’s downfall. It’s gonna be his latest reason to deport people. I guarantee they start spinning it as the Immigrant Plague, or Chinese Plague, or some other xenophobic bullshit within the week.
China's firing of a military grade laser at a US Navy aircraft is belligerent  unacceptable. The South China Sea is not some new Chinese province. The US must continue to use freedom of navigation as a deterrent towards China.
The Chinese bankrolled World Health Organization finally says shit's fucked. BUY WATER, RICE, BEANS, AND AMMO! WE GOT OURSELVES A HAPPENING! 
CHINESE CITIES ARE ALL ICONIC!! Wuhan: STRONG!! RESILIENT X10000!! Shanghai: COSMOPOLITAN!! Beijing: HISTORICAL!! Sichuan: A CULINARY HEAVEN!! Hong Kong: Shenzhen: INNOVATIVE!! THE FUTURE!! Nanjing: UNFORGETTABLE!! Xi'an: GORGEOUS!! Guilin: LITERALLY HEAVEN ON EARTH!!
Chinese Blinks raising over $1M in funds which is the equivalent of 100K+ for an album we have no idea about. When I tell you Blackpink is the biggest girl group in China! @ygofficialblink
Pulitzer to @caixin and a Nobel peace prize to front line health workers in China—especially those in Hubei who put everything on the line to try to warn all of us and then to treat people without enough gear. Many died. Chinese government should sit out any talk of credit.
And Dems won't close the southern border where the Chinese  in now. It's on them now all of it. Schitt Streets and all. Nanny don't get hostile now and buy more pens saying " We didn't cause it " Then take 2 months to allocate money for virus #COVIDー19  …
Chinese laboratory that shared coronavirus info with the world closed for ‘rectification’, hindering its research  …
The U.S. &  cannot ignore the hard authoritarian message sent this week w/ the brazen sentencing of #GuiMinhai & arrests of #JimmyLai, #LeeCheukyan, & #YeungSum. The world must coordinate actions to protect #HongKong's autonomy & the rights of #Chinese citizens. 
Chinese: Have over a billion people, do their best to keep the virus in check Italians: Infect all of Europe within a week
Everywhere that Chinese fans can't manipulate, only Filter  ON. Looking forward to Jimin's solo concerts. Where actual human beings will show up.
I need this! A sleeved waistcoat and a banyan (dressing gown) made from a Qing period Chinese dragon robe, French or English c. 1740. Absolute PERFECTION! 
Our deepest gratitude to @UVA's provost Liz Magill, vice provost @SteveMullUSA, and their AVP group for standing with China and expressing their support of the Chinese people. Though we're far, our hearts are close. It's our mutual hope that spring will soon be with us.  …
Chinese experts had field visits in Sindh and Bolachistan to work out ways of technical assistance & equipment to fight locusts in Pakistan.They will also visit other parts of the country. #locust @mnfsr @pid_gov @MoIB_Official @zlj517 @XHNews Read  
Chinese government’s authoritarianism, early coverup and inaction is the reason we have this pandemic in the first place. In contrast, hundreds of millions of Chinese people have suffered enormously in the aftermath, gifting us time to prepare. Credit to the right people.  …
Boyfriend and I went to a Chinese restaurant on Sunday and had bangin food. Guess what? We didn’t catch the Coronavirus. Y’all showing your racism with your unwillingness to engage with Asian culture because you MIghT caTCH CoROnavIRus. Just admit you racist.
very fun how a few weeks ago americans were cracking jokes about the chinese plague or whatever because it wasnt their families getting sick but now that theyre at risk the jokes have stopped
Are You SERIOUS? These Governments Promoted Hug A Chinese Tourist Day!! 
What the COVid19 is proving in this world is: 1) we depend on Chinese low quality products too much 2) another level of Anti-Americanism by the left 3) who in the world is best prepared  this. 4) Who has the best medical care in the world 
Listen, I just think it’s seriously uncool that no one wants to hang out with me and order Chinese food and marathon Gotham while  and contrast all the different variations of character arcs and plots in the graphic novels, tv shows, movies and video games
Joking about Chinese people eating bats, dogs, raccoons, or whatever other animal you think of as "weird" to eat, doesn't make you funny. It just makes you racist.
Amazon is pulling out of GDC due to continued concerns over COVID-19.. The AWS team joins Sony, Microsoft, Facebook/Oculus, Epic Games, Unity, PUBG Corp, 10 Chinese game firms and many more in withdrawing from the event.  …
The #CoronavirusOutbreak has magnified the  of the #Chinese #Communist Party. Now, basic utilities are failing in #Hubei. The #CCP has blundered its handling of #coronavirus. Now, the world must face the 
US professor arrested, accused of hiding relationship with Chinese university while working with NASA  
Elon Musk says Chinese economy will surpass the US by two or three times 
BLACKPINK is now the first Kpop girl group in history to surpass 100K raised album sales by Chinese fans no.1 BLACKPINK - ??? 100,906 album copies Without an  announcement so far. © 簇暮萧然 #KilThisLove #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
I read somewhere on social media when religious brainwashed folks claiming that Corona Virus was God's punishment to Chinese people for being an atheistic Nation. So what's Conona Virus doing in religious country like Nigeria? #coronavirusnigeria
Chinese researchers discover two new genes that prevent healthy aging. This provides a theoretical basis for delaying brain aging  
Connecting dots yet ???!!! Chinese laboratory that first shared coronavirus genome with world ordered to close for ‘rectification’, hindering its Covid-19 research  …
Kicking off remarks about the CCP threat, @SenRickScott calls out Xi Jinping. “Xi, the General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party, is a dictator, a human rights violator...He is a despot in disguise. He’s Mao Zedong with a makeover.” WATCH:  
Higher-end Kobe merchandise is trickling into the market. @JuliensAuctions will sell several items, including a uniform Bryant wore in the 2000 NBA Finals, his handprints in cement from Grauman’s Chinese Theatre and a pair of signed shoes  
With Tesla deal set, Chinese battery maker CATL makes plans to quadruple output  … by @bradberman
Federal authorities arrested Anming Hu, an assistant professor of engineering at the @UTKnoxville, on charges relating to allegedly lying about links to a #Chinese university while receiving funding from  …
The Silk Road was very important to Imperial Rome and helped them establish trade with the Chinese in the far-east. The Romans referred to the Chinese as the Seres or 'silk people' after the  they imported from them: silk . 
7th-century Chinese painter Wu Daozi is said to have painted a dragon so realistic that it came to life as soon as he finished it. Here, the artist stands by a bare wall holding a brush, while his attendants turn away and the dragon looms behind them  
Coronavirus won’t stop me from my Chinese 
The High Court has suspended flights from China for 10 days because of the coronavirus. The court also ordered all passengers, who arrived in Nairobi on a Chinese plane Wednesday morning, be quarantined at a military facility. 
Chinese immigrant family, 1890s 
It appears to me that moneyed Chinese are running away from China for the time being...and Africa is their natural place of refuge. #CoronavirusKe
A former Chinese CCTV employee has been arrested after he quit and went rogue to report on the situation in Wuhan  … via @daithaigilbert @vicenews
Better headline would be “How #China wields #Huawei investment to bend European countries” Huawei is not a  is an instrument of national power for the Chinese Communist Party.  via @politico
 of Chinese paintings of flowers and birds  with the western-style three-dimensional cut-out to tell the story of lovebird and "Lian Lizhi".  #heavengaia #fashiondesign #china 
A @USNavy-operated #Surveillance plane was “lased” by a #Chinese military destroyer while flying over international waters in the #Pacific, the #Military said, accusing the regime of “unsafe and unprofessional” actions by using a laser on the  …
Bannon: The biggest victim of this #pandemic has been the Chinese people, whom #CCP has lied to. The only way  #coronavirus is to get  with the Chinese people. The firewall  down. #WarRoomPandemic Listen & watch 
A look at the numbers shows European nations have less reason to be afraid of Chinese retaliation than one might expect ⁦ @lucrepogge⁩ ⁦ @merics_eu⁩ ⁦  …
“The vaccine was created just 42 days after the genetic sequence...was released by Chinese.. . The first vials were sent to the the NIH, which will ready the vaccine for human testing as early as April.” Now, we just have avoid getting it for 2 months.  …
"It’s obvious that what the Chinese government wants is to cover up but not expose the real situation on the ground." @amnesty's @patrickpoon said after #China arrested #LiZeHua, 3rd citizen journalist in #Wuhan trying to cover #Coronavirus  …
@ChinaBeigeBook Great info: (1) Every part of Chinese economy is down: "Since 2012, when we started collecting data, we have never seen our headline index turn negative. This month it did. (...) nearly every major measurement is in contraction."  …
@realDonaldTrump @bbusa617 The Deep State last gasp a coordinated attack on PresTrump’s economy by Chinese & Democrats & MSM How do we know this BillGates let it slip a few yrs agofear mongering about a disease that will wipe out millions Coronavirus biggest funder is Gates 
Cast Previews for Mickey & Minnie’s Runaway Railway have been derailed due to an operating delay. Groups of Cast Members are waiting outside The Chinese Theater for the attraction to reopen. 
#BREAKING: #Turkish Army can be seen launching long range rockets from TRG-300 Kasırga MBRL rocket system at #Syria Arab Army positions in #Idlib an hour ago! T-300 is Turkish version of Chinese made WS-1B. 
coronavirus began right at the beginning of a new semester. Remember, we had up to several hundred thousand Chinese students flying back and forth. That is never considered in this entire discussion. Because the gods of servicing universities with foreign students =sacred.
...suddenly wondering if I should start eating out mostly at Chinese places because the people who don't understand disease transmission and don't get their flu shots are /least/ likely to go there.
MewGulf gives encouragement to Chinese fans and fans from every country to fight for the current situation+ urges everyone to wear mask when go out. Mew gave info about virus. He said he heard that it’ll will be killed in 52 deg cel and with the alcohol sanitizer #หวานใจมิวกลัฟ
This while flights continue arriving from China and 300,000 Chinese students are at schools with your kids this very moment. Many traveled home for Chinese New Year they have not been tested, quarantined or anything, folks. #Coronavirus #Covid19  …
Check this out....... Three Chinese nationals caught crossing the Border. Thankfully apprehended by Border Patrol. All three had flu like symptoms,”. Great example why we need strong borders! 
If previous administrations didn’t ship our jobs to China, the bat eating Chinese,infected with coronavirus, would have no bearing on the USA. America is the only Super Power, 100% self sufficient! Buy American, don’t buy from giant global corporations! Globalists Suck 4 USA!
How sharing recipes on sites like Xiachufang are helping Chinese citizens under quarantine deal with boredom, loneliness and uncertainty.  …
As of 02.28 24:00 BJT, Chinese BLINKs have collected enough money to purchase 95,900 copies of BLACKPINK’s  album (non-shipping back + shipped back to China). @ygofficialblink •Some of them are not included for the time being, please wait patiently 
We will have up to 1 MILLION Chinese students flying back and forth between semesters. Will gov't have no problem with that?  when  to the most direct factor in bringing in epidemics aka mass migration from source countries, suddenly the Left is unconcerned?
I saw this headline from Bloomberg. Made me think about what it means when a news organization has a history of refusing to write critical stories about Chinese leadership during a global health crisis.  …
US says Chinese #warship fired laser at American spy plane  …
Interesting analysis of WeChat keyword searches for SARS and 'Feidian' (Chinese for SARS) posted: uptick in searches started mid-December.  
Long term, a silver lining to this dark virus cloud will be America decoupling from China. The Chinese Communist Party greatly exacerbated this crisis and bears massive responsibility — to its citizens, and the world...5/6
Few children have been infected with the #Coronavirus in #China, according to a new report from the @WHO and Chinese authorities. Findings included signs that the #COVIDー19 virus passes much more frequently to adults than to  …
At the annual meeting of the Association of Chinese Firms in Austria, I say, "We must maintain firm confidence. Someday when we look back, #COVID19 is just one of the obstacles China has surmounted on the way forward, it will only make Chinese people more experienced & stronger." 
Chinese laboratory that first shared coronavirus genome with world ordered to close for ‘rectification’  …
The untamed Japan promo I have the biggest smile on my face the moment he said hello japan audience friends (it’s a chinese term for audiences in general and it’s a friendly term) 
translation of ominous sounding statement from Chinese embassy in kazakhstan  …
#BAEKHYUN #BAZAAR_Star_E_Magazine it  across perfectly in the translation but the amount of times the Chinese word 力 (strength, power, ability) showed up in reference to Baekhyun made me smile :) 
"Corona virus is like Pasta. The Chinese invented it, but the Italians will spread all over the world." By Zap Zap
One of the toughest yet most important jobs in journalism: Chinese nationals working for foreign media in China. China’s rules forbid them from being “reporters” for foreign press, yet they do so much and under so much pressure from all sides. They help us understand China  …
hearing that Americans are avoiding Corona beer and Chinese food right now and then seeing this tweet...well, this all leads me to believe we are doomed  …
Chinese swimmer Sun Yang banned for eight years after court finds he violated doping protocols 
Let's see every member of Congress' investment portfolios. Then let's cross-reference their level of panicked demagoguery with the amount of exposure their money has to Chinese manufacturing/investments. Anyone with a tight correlation gets their mouths duct-taped shut.
Portugal’s Chinese people are isolating themselves after travel to China. One quarantined student says: “Lisbon has no cases of coronavirus. We need to keep it that way.” 
To the pack of rabid white boys walking into PAX that I told to fuck off for yelling "Hot dog, five dollaaaah!" in a stereotypical Chinese accent constantly: save us all the trouble and stay at home.
Can we fast forward to the part 3 years from now, when a whistle blower organization leaks the emails and other correspondence between current Democrat leaders, former intelligence heads and the Chinese/Iranian governments showing coordination for the release of the Coronavirus?
...& whether there are vested interests. Chinese report at:  …
Leftists are really upset that the Corona virus has killed 2,595 in China, and they have blamed Trump for his “tepid” response. But for some reason, they don’t care that  have killed over 45 million innocent people. #CommunismKills #TrumpVirus
Dear Kenyans, The entry of Chinese without quarantine is inevitable. Proverbs 22:7 says "The borrower is a slave to the lender.” When you are a slave, you don't decide when the  to your house. Enjoy your SGR rides but pray we won't pay for it with Coronavirus.
Chinese government reprimanded Dr. Li Wenliang for prematurely talking about corona virus = EVIL OPPRESSION US government bans doctors from talking freely about #COVID19 = EFFECTIVE MANAGEMENT #UShypocrisy 
President Trump: "The Democrats said I was a racist, not from black people standpoint, but from Asian people's standpoint, from Chinese people standpoint, they said I was a racist because I closed our country to  in from certain areas." 
The Chinese unit "Wan" equates to 10K. So 40 "Wan" is 400K.  …
fuck it. a @lovelltrin fancam with chinese new year 
And the amount will only be increasing if US doesn't take actions fast Why  are willing to employ these Chinese spies? 
Flying from Miami in the United States to the Chinese city of Lanzhou, Anthony Que brought with him three extra pieces of luggage full of medical supplies. Check out his story:  
So just as Chinese authorities did, Trump's administration has now muzzled their medical experts in favor of the "party line". Did we not just see how well that approach worked in China?
A Chinese Man carved on the temple. Chola Dynasty had business relationship with Chinese , Egypt and France traders. Brihadishvara Temple, Thanjavur. 
“We are not sleeping... Phone on the bedside table, clients calling, we’re jumping up to reply because the moment is so hot” A tiny Russian factory has been flooded with clients in a "frenzied hunt" for phosphates after coronavirus cuts Chinese output 
As an act of defiance, I’m having Chinese takeout for lunch today. How about you?
Retweet Caishen 财神 The Chinese God of Wealth for good luck 
Support your local Chinese restaurant. They’ve been hit hard with dropping sales.
Coronavirus fear grips Narok East after 6 Chinese arrive 
Chinese President #XiJinping held a phone conversation with Cuban President Miguel Diaz-Canel on Friday 
I support the rights of American Workers. Current #HD57 Rep Dick Stein is one of only 9 state legislators who sided with a Chinese Company over American Workers. Donate today and help me be the advocate we need for the workers of Huron and Lorain!   …
At presser, @CAPAC chair @RepJudyChu denounces “fake news meant to create fear” and “rumors directed at Chinese Americans” about coronavirus  – at House Triangle
Chinese migrants caught illegally crossing at the southern border - again. #ElizabethWarren wants to defund the wall to divert funds to Coronavirus...which would guarantee Americans were put at greater risk of exposure to  …
Qu. for @WorldPhotoOrg and @Sony: 1) Were you directly / indirectly told to censor these images by Chinese gov officials or intermediaries? 2) If you self-censored, how does your "aim is to raise the level of conversation around photography" fit with political censorship?  …
Nigerians can overdo things sha, imagine this uber driver today forced me to sit at the back seat, dude was all masked up like a chinese and as if that was not enough he had a full box of extra mask and gloves .. na wa o #CoronaVirusAfrica #coronavirusnigeria 
Chinese Government Foreknowledge? Drill for Coronavirus 30 Days Before Wuhan Military Games 
The southern Chinese technology hub of Shenzhen is moving to outlaw the consumption of dogs and cats as the country clamps down on the wildlife trade that scientists suspect led to the coronavirus outbreak. Good ban it and then ENFORCE it!  …
Feb 28, Martyrs of the Plague of Alexandria. With gratitude to all health providers, the first to put themselves at risk in treating victims of coronavirus. And especially Dr Li Wenliang, who was detained by Chinese police for raising alarm about the virus and who later died.  …
Mike Bloomberg: The Chinese people don't want Democracy- they like their system. 
postponed from the Coronavirus, the Chinese League of Legends Pro League has announced it will return with the requirement that all players go through a 14-day monitored quarantine period and all matches will be played online with refs on-site  
Senator Mutula Kilonzo Blasts KQ For Suspending Staff Who Filmed Video Of Chinese Landing At JKIA  
Genuine question: Does it matter if US-based airlines aren't flying in from China, like Trump said, if Chinese airlines still are? This flight is currently en route to LAX from Shanghai 
ACCA has cancelled all March exams in Mainland China, Hong Kong SAR and Macau SAR, following guidance from the Chinese government, who are working hard to contain the corona virus. ACCA is currently planning to run March exams as scheduled elsewhere… #ACCA 
Corona virus is like Pasta. The Chinese invented it, but the Italians will spread all over the world.
This notorious drug cheat & troll, China's Sun Yang, deserves everything he gets. Yang, along with Chinese officials, had called Australian Gold medal swimmer Mack Horton a racist when Horton accused Yang of doping last year. cc @MFA_China cc @thespybrief  …
A Chinese Aircraft, fired a laser at a US Naval Ship, near Guam. Us intelligence stated that it could not be seen by the naked eye. But, none the less. The laser was fired & unprovoked. Is still under investigation.  details below.  …
Chinese doctors do remote #COVID19 diagnosis with 
As our next step in improving the #Poloniex experience for customers across the globe, we’ve added language support for our Chinese users Get a sneak peek in our new Chinese tutorial on how to create a Level 1 account 
The Chinese government's censorship of early warnings about the coronavirus outbreak helped it explode into an epidemic. Now Trump wants to replicate that approach by coordinating all official statements on the virus through VP (& religious zealot) Pence.  
The most  leader in the side of sub sahara. All projects are failures. The Chinese are taking over the country. The only thing that he wants #BBINonsense A president that doesn't understand the rule of law only plundering the country. 
Countries that have been cashing in on the rising spending power of Chinese travelers have been hit hard by the outbreak of the novel coronavirus. Here's why it could be years before the global tourism industry recovers.  
GIF • 200228 "SuperM’s first Chinese magazine cover for #BAZAAR_Star_E_Magazine " ↳  … © arctosinin #KAI #카이 #金钟仁 
Chinese doctor gives the BBC an insight into treating coronavirus in Wuhan  
Army of 100,000 Chinese Ducks on Standby to Combat Locust Swarms  …
Chinese regulators remove 'Plague Inc' game from Apple's China app store  
In 2013, Joe Biden and Hunter Biden flew aboard Air Force Two to China. Ten days later, Hunter Biden's firm bagged a $1,500,000,000.00 deal with a subsidiary of the Communist Chinese government's Bank of China. 
Wow... Mini Says Chinese People ‘Don’t Seem To Want’ Democracy: ‘They Like Their System’ That would explain why the Chinese PEOPLE were holding MASSIVE protests against their government & flying AMERICAN flags What a total f*cking idiot
#BORDERNEWS Border Patrol agents are apprehending 5 Chinese nationals daily in the RGV. That's about 140 caught a month in RGV alone. No coronavirus cases confirmed in CBP custody/facility. CBP has policies in place for viral viruses. @USBPChiefRGV  
Here we go again! Another Chinese professor is charged w/ hiding China ties from NASA. Why hiding China ties from NASA?  …
How coronavirus became a propaganda tool for Salvini and Italy’s far-right — Fake news and narratives about the  migrants, and refugees as disease carriers have surged, giving way to even more extreme anti-immigration sentiment  …
If this is true, then majority of millions of Chinese that came recently from the mainland are Members of Peoples Liberation Army!!! Ready to strike anytime they are called upon!!! 
I don't believe this to be a deterrent: Chinese Nationalist American Citizen Hongjin Tan sentenced to 2 yrs Fed prison, $150k restitution & 3 yrs post prison supervision for stealing proprietary technology from US Petroleum Company worth an estimated $1BN.  …
On #COVIDー19: If you want to do something useful today, go to Chinatown -- buy a meal, go shopping. The virus attacks humans, not people of any ethnicity/race. Fear is hurting Chinese-American owned businesses, baselessly. Let's fight the disease AND let's fight prejudice.
Corona virus is like Pasta. The Chinese invented it, but the Italians will spread all over the world.
Let's get ready to RUUUUUUUMMMBBLLLEEE!!!!!! I can't tell you how excited I am to see this EPIC SHOWDOWN! Army of Chinese ducks ready  locust swarms  …
Tldr we wrote a movie for the continental Chinese audience and their peculiarities (see: they won't like a chinese military figure having bi times for a male coded Mulan) & spinning it as actually western woke decisions It's gonna look and feel like 2016's Great Wall, basically  …
"A Chinese destroyer lased a US Navy P-8A maritime patrol aircraft that was operating...380 miles west of Guam" "laser could not be seen by a human eye but was captured by sensors on the airplane...incident, which PACFLT called 'unsafe and unprofessional,' took place on Feb. 17"  …
Temporary show lighting has gone up in front of the Chinese Theatre ahead of the grand opening of Mickey & Minnie's Runaway Railway at Disney's Hollywood Studios! 
As the coronavirus spreads around the world, the Chinese government is fighting a war on two fronts: one against the virus itself and one against the truth.  … @PostOpinions
. @JJCarafano at #CPAC2020: "If you have TikTok on your phone, delete it right now. If you have TikTok on your phone, you’re one of 120 million Americans who are spying for the Chinese."
Aviation union demands KQ lift suspension of Gire Ali, worker who filmed Chinese plane arrival  
Our consumption patterns drive up CO2 emissions. Our consumption demand is mainly met by Chinese manufacturing output. Citing our territorial CO2 emissions as an argument against legitimate protest suggests little understanding of the central challenge of our times  …
tsukishima: you seem awfully close to koganegawa goshiki: what no im not tsukishima: what's the japanese writing system that utilizes characters adapted from chinese writing? goshiki: kanji? koganegawa: yes, tsutomu? tsukishima: goshiki: ...this isnt what it looks like
Currently it is a tie between a Malay-dominated coalition, which has more than 100 MPs, and a Chinese-dominated coalition, which has less than 100MPs. Hence most Malays would rather back Muhyiddin just to see Lim Guan Eng and DAP kicked out. 
Remember the Hong Kong protesters? Remember them waiving the America Flags? What happened to these patriots? #coronavirus Bloomberg Says Chinese People ‘Don’t Seem To Want’ Democracy: ‘They Like Their System’  …
Ancient Chinese Gays? Don’t mind if I do. 
China has 350 million smokers - meaning the Chinese smoking population is higher than the entire population of the United States.
May have had more impact if you had all trekked to China or even India with your protest. UK is a very minor offender. Even if the sainted Greta had held her protest outside Chinese embassy it would have made more sense. She & her handlers are making suckers out of you all  …
Aviation union demands KQ lift suspension of Gire Ali, worker who filmed Chinese plane arrival 
The case of a Swedish bookseller who supposedly renounced his citizenship after being seized by Chinese authorities is rippling through  in Canada.  …
Did Steve Bannon’s use of a Chinese businessman’s private jet when traveling to campaign for congressional candidates in 2018 violate campaign finance law?  …
Some have already pointed this out but it's worth repeating. The Chinese government is a homophobic pile of rats. Li Shang crushing on a boy -even one who turns out to be a she- won't fly with their censors. Stop scapegoating a movement cause you don't like boys doing the kissy  …
"The decision to allow the Chinese plane to land in Kenya was done after monitoring and evaluation; It was in the best interest of the country." ~ Raila Odinga TELL HIM SOMETHING. 
I am Chinese,I dream of democracy, the rule of law, and  soon.
What will Democrats do when the coronavirus fails to kill millions of Americans? Impeach Trump for CHINESE COLLUSION?
The DOJ has charged a University of Tennessee professor with hiding his ties to a Chinese university, while receiving research grants from the federal government. 
Bloomberg Says Chinese People ‘Don’t Seem To Want’ Democracy: ‘They Like Their System’ - The Daily Caller  …
Corona virus is like Pasta. The Chinese invented it, but the Italians will spread all over the world.
Was coronavirus a bioweapon? We don't know, but history shows we can't trust China Coronavirus is possibly a Chinese bio-weapon. The Chinese have sought to attack the American economy. Evil globalists want to establish a One World Government.  …
If there’s one lesson we can take away from #coronavirus it’s that we need to distance ourselves from China and return manufacturing to America. The fact is, when disease shuts down Chinese factories, the world economy suffers.
When the Mormons moved to Utah and made it Mormon country, they didn't ask for permission. When the Chinese moved into one neighborhood in San Francisco and called it Chinatown they didn't ask permission. That's Separation. Y'all scary Ninjas talking about how and all negative
Here I thought it was the Chinese that might weaponize the Coronavirus. Turns out it was the Democrats. It had to happen ... they couldn’t help themselves. #coronavirus #TrumpVirus
Sun Yang, the Chinese Communist Party’s national hero, found guilty. The cultural differentials between the West and the Chinese government are widening by the day. Imagine how vibrant, productive, and symbiotic our relationship would be sans subversion.  …
Gire Ali the brave Kenyan who took a video of Chinese Airline carrying over 200 potential carries of corona virus. Ali was suspended for his bravery of exposing the insensitivity of @KenyaAirways. 
“Don’t sit with a dead body. Sew it into a shower curtain, tag it for identification, then bury it in the garden. But  sense. Let’s talk about the Chinese Communist Party.” 
Let me guess, court orders barring flights from Coronavirus hotspots and quarantine of the 239 passengers aboard that Chinese plane WILL NOT be obeyed by GOK. Matiang'i and Kibicho HIGHLY believe they are ABOVE the law. Same applies to Uhuru who is convinced he is the PRINCE.
GIF • 200228 "SuperM’s first Chinese magazine cover for #BAZAAR_Star_E_Magazine " ↳  … © arctosinin #KAI #카이 #金钟仁 
And of course, Bannon flew to DC on a private jet owned by a Chinese billionaire.  …
Just realized the TikTok logo is actually the letter 'd' standing for Douyin 抖音 (the original Chinese name) I always just saw it as a musical note 
杀鸡吓猴 अर्थात: "Kill the chicken to scare the monkey" - a Chinese proverb.
All those Chinese who are currently been quarantined at the SGR facility in Narok East must be taken to the KDF facility @NationBreaking  …
The UK has the Americans, Chinese, Japanese, Indians, Brazilians, Russians, Canadians, Koreans, Australians, Mexicans, Emiratis, Indonesians, Swiss and South Africans banging on our door requesting free trade deals. Did someone somewhere mention the  EU?
I never want to hear anyone call us Chinese people filthy again.  …
I'm actually so sad I love vivi so much and shes an amazing hardworking girl and I want her to shine but bbc doesn't let her do anything and now sm is possibly interested in loona and they have a horrible record of mistreating foreign specifically chinese idols
Traditional Chinese medicine being used in the U.S. against  …
GIF • 200228 "SuperM’s first Chinese magazine cover for #BAZAAR_Star_E_Magazine " ↳  … © @arctosinin #KAI #카이 #金钟仁 
Kenyans walking around with too much paranoia. Ungeona venye wameteta this Chinese guy asipande matatu...... and the guy is not even sick.
The Iranians are almost as good at medicine as the Chinese.  …
My little cousins (very smol) look a little bit Asian so kids were hitting them at school saying the Chinese mustn't be here. Look what adults are teaching their kids
this news acc posted about celebrities who donated bc of coronavirus. they gave a special mention to hanbin. a more special donation is by kim hanbin who donated 20000 masks each to korean & chinese fans. he is also planning to donate to overseas fans. total cost ~200million won 
Chinese Embassy says flights from the Asian nation won’t enter Kenya ‘until further notice’  …
Chinese sportsmanship: Verbally attack opponent when they win, e.g. #SunYang Physically assault opponent when they lose, e.g. Shenzhen ice hockey team  … The long and the short of it, they are uncivilised #BoycottBeijing2022
I admire the British swimmer who refused to shake hands with #SunYang last year. And Sun Yang, Chinese Olympic Swimmer, gets 8-Year Doping Ban  …
In last week's column, Jimmy Lai wrote that the spread of #coronavirus "has revealed a truth that poses a much greater risk to Mr. Xi: There is no cure for  except the collapse of the party." Here's the column:  … 3/4
Chinese warship fired laser at American surveillance plane, U.S. Navy says  
Lots of Chinese WuMao accounts on @Twitter have been dusted off recently. They’ve been put to work spinning for CCP on topics like #COVID19 & #SunYangDoped New accounts also being set up to join the fray. It’s going to be a very busy year
I keep posting what’s happening in S Korea because it is the alternative to the US & Chinese responses to the crisis, such as this bit of radical transparency, where privacy is being sacrificed for the greater good.  …
High Court has ordered that all 239 passengers who arrived in Kenya aboard a Chinese plane be quarantined at a KDF facility. The Judge said the passengers are to remain in quarantine until they're duly certified to be free from corona virus. #coronavirusInkenya 
As early as Dec. 27, test results from labs suggested there was an outbreak of a highly infectious virus in Wuhan. That was more than three weeks before Chinese authorities confirmed publicly that the virus was spreading between people. #coronavirus  
Uhuru Kenyatta’s EXECUTIVE ORDER on CORONAVIRUS is  but it’s MOST LIKELY TOO LATE. Why allow CHINESE flights into Kenya and WAIT an ETERNITY to ACT? Don’t play RUSSIAN ROULETTE with the LIVES of KENYANS. See what I advised TWO weeks ago —  … – at Garden Of Eden
My fitness plan for bikini season is Corona Virus . Chinese tourists, hit me in the dms.
jap... bukan MANDARIN speaker ke so kalau CHINESE speaker ni, maksudnya kena cakap macam chinese? "harlo ... ...  .. . cannot larh like that.." ok guys share this around ok  …
Tencent is releasing more CQL behind the scenes. 1 episode per day. Everyday at 12noon Chinese time. 2 episodes early for VIP. Starts on 2020/02/29. #XiaoZhan #WangYibo #YiZhan #WangXiao #LanWangji #WeiWuxian #WangXian #TheUntamed #bjyx #BJYXSZD Aaaaahhhh it's not over yet 
Also the suspension of Chinese flights is a result of Kenyans on Twitter pressure, if you people wouldn’t have talked, the flights would be continuing also that gentleman suspended by KQ, real heroes
#ABiteofCSCEC As an old Chinese proverb says, “there’s greatness in simplicity”. Nepali chef Thapa understood this philosophy very well upon joining CSCEC #Nepal family to begin making Chinese ##dishes. See how:  
GIF • 200228 "SuperM’s first Chinese magazine cover for #BAZAAR_Star_E_Magazine " ↳  … © arctosinin #KAI #카이 #金钟仁 
Someone with a Chinese Military ID and 345,000 pesos cash. And two months as a tourist here. why? 
demonstrations in suswa over entry of Chinese in Kenya 
Court orders all 239 passengers from Chinese plane to be quarantined at KDF facility  …
High Court orders gov't to trace, re-examine and quarantine at a KDF facility all 239 passengers who landed at JKIA on Wednesday aboard a Chinese plane.
What’s interesting about my experience is that, the whole panicked public situation happened after more patients got confirmed in northern Italy. But the last time I went to Italy was November 2018. So why are you guys being racists at me? Just because I’m chinese? Or Asian?
But I guess no, because I’m chinese, I must be more contagious than she is. Again, your scarf won’t help.
Hi Twitter, I don’t post, like at all. And I can easily forget that I have a Twitter account. But I want to share something today. About being Chinese, a final year PhD, living in London, and the Coronavirus
For my Chinese speaking friends, Mingjing interviewed me on tv about some of the “myths” of the Deng era: that he cared about collective leadership/institutions; that Chen Yun represented a real threat; and that “factions” were clearly defined.  …
Well, now we can add "coronavirus" to the list of things China has brought to Africa. Where are the people who have been telling us that Chinese access to Africa has been nothing but good? Think the Chinese will "invest" money into Africa to handle the virus they started?
Also remember: This was a report written jointly by international and Chinese experts. It is the product of a scientific mission and a lot of diplomacy.
Who’s the winner & who’s the loser now Sun Yang!? British Olympic medallist Duncan Scott - who clashed with the Chinese swimmer at last year’s Worlds - praises the 8 year ban handed to Yang. “I fully respect and support the decision,” he says in a statement. 
Dear Kenyans On Twitter China itself has suspended all flights to Kenya. This is a statement by Chinese Embassy in Kenya. #KOT 
We’ll join the streaming party for #CLAP100MILLION with another Chinese streaming crew STARLIGHT this week! Here are our streaming tutorials!  
“I have a clear conscience.” READ these poignant last words from a Chinese journalist before detention. Such courage.  …
GIF • 200228 "SuperM’s first Chinese magazine cover for #BAZAAR_Star_E_Magazine " ↳  … © @arctosinin #KAI #카이 #金钟仁 
Report says about Chinese people: “They have accepted and adhered to the starkest of containment measures – whether the suspension of public gatherings, the month-long ‘stay at home’ advisories or prohibitions on travel.” Would that be true in Germany? In the US?!
Coronavirus has been circulating in Asia for months. The media screeches daily about how extremely infectious it is..yet only ~0.0057% of Chinese and ~0.0039% of South Koreans have been infected by it.
Disturbing stats . A total of 536,205 Chinese nationals entered the country from Dec 1 to Feb 20. Of the number, about 4,850 came from Wuhan City -the ground-zero of the virus -while others came from neighboring areas in Hubei Province.  …
Video game that lets players create killer virus in China and spread it around the world is REMOVED from Chinese App Store 
Can't believe this fable is back: army of 100,000 ducks to take on 325 BILLION locusts? I thought Asians were good with math EACH duck eat 3.25 MILLION bugs? It was floated first by Chinese media now that OTHER Chinese media — Bloomberg  …
Apple censors again 蘋果又河蟹 Apple removes Plague Inc. from Chinese app store for ‘illegal’ content  …
“Achieving China’s exceptional coverage with and adherence to these containment measures has only been possible due to the  of the Chinese people to collective action in the face of  threat.” I’ll let others parse this sentence...
Sun Yang: Eight-year ban for Chinese Olympic champion  …
Haiya, here we go!!!! COURT orders all 239 passengers aboard a Chinese flight which landed at JKIA on February 26 be quarantined at a KDF facility. #coronaviruskenya
3 days ago I tweeted below - EVERY DAY IS CRUCIAL NOW OTHERS ARE AGREEING @charliekirk11 @trish_regan - THE EXPONENTIAL THREAT INCREASES EACH HOUR - Planes need to be fumigated - could this have been done on PURPOSE by Chinese Government- to bring down Stock Market -? & hurt DJT  …
Wondering why no other media covering this avenue of Chinese entry to U.S. but CBP stats for 2019-2020. Not here is that Chinese "snake head" crime syndicates bring them in, threaten to murder families back home if they talk or don't pay borrowed fees:   …
A Chinese national was killed while his  was wounded by their countrymen in a restaurant in Makati. Murder; Robbery; Extortion; Kidnapping; Torture; Prostitution;  fraud; Money-laundering... mostly POGO-related crimes.  …
It had to take LSK to file a petition and high court to suspend Chinese flights while all the state needed to was to say STOP! Now you see why we need strong judiciary and LSK
Imagine 10 Chinese Released on Bond yet they have no Valid Travel Documents. So my questions are, released to go where? How did  to Kenya? Mtu hana Documents si arudishwe China? Assuming these were Somalis, things would be very different. 'Wangepotea' hata. Kenya!!  …
"A Chinese woman wearing a deer head mask handing out face masks to pedestrians in Shibuya, Tokyo, from a cardboard box with words on it reading, 'Gratitude from Wuhan,' has  a viral hit on social media."  …
Countries around the world have been eager to cash in on the rising spending power of Chinese travelers. But the travel boom  to a screeching halt since the novel coronavirus outbreak hit mainland China 
9. Four separate Chinese nationals, spies or not...have been caught taking photos of sensitive or restricted areas. Please understand I'm not suggesting or even guessing that a federal grand jury has been assembled on Naval Air Station Key West.  …
8. There's many questions here. But, one may look at news headlines to find direction. Where were Chinese 2 spies recently arrested? How many total have been arrested while spying in that same base? Naval Air Station Key West. What were those FOUR spies REALLY looking for?
A Chinese arrived Lagos yesterday and allegedly bribed immigration 5k to clear him in, only for him to brag about it at his hotel in amuwo odofin (Golden tulip apartments). From Whatsapp @lagosstategov @Fmohnigeria @jidesanwoolu @Gidi_Traffic please kindly trace and confirm.
I stand with #GireAli for letting kenyans know the truth in JKIA! The HR who sacked him has deactivated her account but she won't deactivate #CoronavirusKe it will haunt her the way it's haunting the Chinese, sienji sana @emunyoki 
The Chinese government silenced whistle-blowers, withheld information and played down the threat of the new coronavirus. Now the ruling Communist Party is trying to rehabilitate its image by rebranding itself as the leader in the fight against the virus. 
Chinese regulators remove 'Plague Inc' game from Apple's China app store  
Chinese police now have AI helmets for temperature screening  …
When i hear sey my sister wey marry Chinese guy just came back from China and she planing to visit me this weekend  …
EDIT 200228 "SuperM’s first Chinese magazine #BAZAAR_Star_E_Magazine " .  … .  … #KAI #카이 #金钟仁 #SuperM #SuperM_KAI 
COURT RELEASES 10 Chinese nationals arrested in Athi River without valid travel documents on a bond of Sh2m each with a surety of similar amount. 
Three-time Olympic champion Sun Yang has been banned for eight years for missing a doping test in September 2018  The Chinese swimmer has never been far from controversy… 
A huge blow to media freedom in Hong Kong as the only media tycoon willing to speak honestly about Chinese government repression is arrested over ancient conduct that conveniently is now surfaced. 
Thank you. Told yers. Chinese swimmer Sun Yang banned for eight years  … via @smh
When you see a Chinese  up on your mind?
Japanese Propaganda to show Chinese people are happy under Japanese Occupation of North China during WW2  …
US professor arrested, accused of hiding relationship with Chinese university while working with NASA  
The @Adelaide_Rams announce that we have torn up the contract of our first Chinese born player, Sun Yang. “We are very disappointed in his actions and have reacted accordingly” said CEO Liz Dawson. To replace Sun Yang we have signed Rodney Howe and Robbie O’Davis #sunyang
America, a country with sophisticated medical care, closed the borders and ended flights from china. In Kenya a worker just got suspended for filming a plane at JKiA ferrying 239 chinese passangers from China.
The chinese should self quarantine in Statehouse , parliament and harambee house Annext so that we kenyans can observe our self quarantine is done before we embrace it
Martha Karua - "The audacity that the Chinese Ambassador has, to announce that more flights from China will be landing in Kenya, like Kenya is owned by China, is tell-tale of the relationship between Kenya and China, which appears to be like that of Master and Servant"
As the Sun sets on Yang’s career. Mack Horton deserves an apology. Mack Horton deserves to have the school pool named after him. Chinese swimmer Sun Yang has been banned from the sport for eight years for doping.
What the fuck does Drumph and White People have to do with a stock market crash due to a Chinese viral epidemic?  …
Could’ve at least cropped the chinese bird out loooool 
Chinese swimming superstar Sun Yang banned for eight years after Cas overturns Fina decision to clear him of doping offence  …
South Korea and China are both advising students against returning to University in each other's countries. So Chinese students don't return here - South Korean students don't return there. 68,000 Chinese nationals were expected  to South Korea to study in next few weeks.
A Chinese national falls sick in Sidai Estate in Sabaki area, Athi River. The National arrived in the Country this week before falling ill. Police say he has been quarantined. Via @HusseinMohamedg
Chinese Olympic and world swimming champion Sun Yang was handed an eight-year ban as the Court of Arbitration of Sport (CAS) upheld the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA)'s appeal on Friday.  
Australian Olympian Mack Horton's anti-doping stance has been vindicated and his Chinese rival Sun Yang's swimming career ended by an eight year ban 
"The Court of Arbitration for Sport has upheld the appeal filed by the WorldAnti-DopingAgency against the Chinese swimmer SunYang and the Fédération Internationale de Natation... Sun Yang is sanctioned with an eight-year period of ineligibility..." #China's Sun Yang 8-year ban!!!
#Coronavirus: "The issue of self quarantine is laughable and a tragedy. The government is exposing Kenyans to the danger of getting the virus. We condemn the decision to allow Chinese to continue jetting in and out of Kenya." - Martha Karua 
#Chinese Ambassador to #Pakistan shared today: Before #CoronaVirus - back in 2003, "Sars" Virus broke out in #China (sounded a lot like "saas") - which China DEFEATED in 6 MONTHS! I told him what SAAS means in Urdu. Here's how he reacted! #IFPCA 
#BREAKING Chinese swimmer Sun Yang has been banned for eight years for breaking anti-doping rules and will miss the 2020 Tokyo Olympics 
Are FINA fit to govern swimming after this cover up. Swimmers lost medals at last years World champs that should be re issued & apologies given to Scott & Horton. Sun Yang: Eight-year ban for Chinese Olympic champion - BBC Sport  …
Sun Yang: Eight-year ban for Chinese Olympic champion  …
BREAKING | Chinese swimmer Sun Yang banned for eight years  … via @theage
#BREAKING Chinese swimmer Sun Yang has been banned from the sport for eight years for anti-doping violations. The Court of Arbitration for Sport in London handed down the finding against the three-time Olympic freestyle champion this evening in Switzerland. 
Can the conspiracy theorists on my TL pls help me explain which country is benefiting from this Coronavirus outbreak. The Chinese economy has almost been brought to a half, European markets are falling, same as the US and other countries. So who is benefiting?
Boom: CAS rules for the maximum eight-year ban for Chinese swimming star Sun Yang. Can't be letting folks get away with smashing blood vials with a hammer after an antidoping test, huh.
The gentleman who filmed and exposed the entrance of Coronavirus Chinese into Kenya at JKIA played a very important role in public interest and should be rewarded. Shame on loss making KQ for suspending that hero, you’re the enemies of Kenyans, he need to sue them.
Hardly will u even see a Chinese with full beard sef, so Wats the correlation between the two?  …
Chinese woman sneezed at a Bangkok cabbie's face “I thought, she’s pretty but she doesn’t have any manners,” said Thongsuk Thongrat, the taxi driver A week later, he tested positive for the coronavirus @hkbeech with @laurendecicca  …
#BREAKING Sun Yang hammered. Chinese swimmer found guilty of doping charges. 
I’m never gonna turn down an excuse to go get more Chinese food, especially if it’s in solidarity. Go treat yourself and show that you’re better than reactionary racism, all while getting a good meal.  …
India is lying big time about Corona virus figures. In percentage terms far more than Chinese figure lies. You are on your own, take precautions.
Every boomer: Why should I listen #GretaThunberg Jezza Clarkson and Toby Young seem to think it’s a Chinese hoax so I’ll go with them. She’s a stooge, she has an earpiece, she should be at school, main stream media, bias, my wife left me. *sinks under flood water*
New Zealand reports first case, Tokyo Disneyland to temporarily close, Chinese stocks drop 5%  …
The reason this got so out of hand has to do with the inability of the PRC to really tell us anything pertinent about what survival is like in Wuhan/Hubei.. And the WHO being captive to the Chinese.
Client: Hi khalifa i have a job for you this weekend,we’re paying 700k full coverage. it’s at a  in Lagos  …
Army of 100,000 Chinese ducks on standby  locust swarms 
[TRANS] 200228 - 时尚芭莎(Harper's BAZAAR China) Weibo Update “We can’t go to see Chinese fans a lot but if the opportunity arises, we’ll go there so please wait for us. I know that you always support us from afar so I’ll work hard. Thank you.” #Mark #마크 #マーク #SuperM 
When the #Chinese regime lock up millions of #Uyghur Muslims into #ConcentrationCamps, it’s called “vocational training,” but when Uyghurs protest against #China’s atrocities, it’s called “separatism, extremism and terrorism.” (Inspired by @cjwerleman) #CloseTheCamps
Novel #coronavirus found in tears, Chinese researchers reveal  …
[WEIBO] 200228 芭莎电影 Official Bazaar Movies Weibo Update with SuperM "Ding! Here is a voice letter recorded for Chinese fans by @superm's seven members, please listen!" :  … #KAI #카이 #SuperM 
For those offended/advising to retort with Corona/Wuhan pls keep in mind: He was genuinely concerned not mocking. Normal folks don’t use tragedies to mock. Thats not how the world works & Wuhan ref wud be bizarre. He’s Singapore Chinese. SG has impeccable track record on COVID-19
"A wise man makes his own decisions. An ignorant man follows public opinion." ~ Chinese Proverb
Having spent more than a month China-bashing, ridiculing the Chinese govt on covid19, western pundits now forced to eat humble pie. China’s efforts are an example to us all. The West is hopelessly ill-prepared. We wasted all that time China gave us 
chinese barbie girl cheng xiao 
Wealthy Chinese women with bound feet pose for a photo, early 1900s 
Chinese citizen that arrived in Kenya on Wednesday quarantined after falling sick,he was screened at JKIA and allowed to enter the country 
I'm fluent in Chinese and those characters roughly mean "small penis"  …
Only 11 beds available. 1 for MD Kenya Airways, 1 for HR, 1 for CS Cecily, Macharia and Matiang'i then 6 for those who are supporting the Chinese influx 
Don’t mess with Chinese law enforcement agencies. 
A Liberian gave Nigeria Ebola, an Italian brought Coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) to Nigeria and a Chinese may soon be tested positive in Kenya. Know when to close your borders AFRICA #TooMuch
Live: Chinese officials brief media on #COVID19  …
Chinese woman uses plunger as a makeshift handle on bus 
HUGE DEMONSTRATIONS:There will be protests in Nairobi on Monday 02/3/20 due to  into JKIA from China. It appears @bonifacemwangi is our only savior in Kenya. Call us all Bonie,we  out in Large numbers.We don't want sick Chinese in Kenya #uhurumustgo
Before we rant Uhuru Must go because we are just making noise and tweets can't make Mr President go anywhere why can't we ask ourselves the reason Chinese are landing in Kenya at JKIA like a toilet and nobody is bothered did china threaten Us or Kenya was sold ? #uhurumustgo
Chinese dudes make soup so foul that it has the power to collapse the global economy. Let that sink in...  …
the artist he's defending did the cover for his book featuring a mixed race Chinese protagonist that he has no business writing considering his track record with appropriating and fucking with the cultures of POC twice  …
FUCK YEAH I’M IN DARLING HARBOUR BECAUSE JESUS HATES ME AND THERE IS A COUPLE IN TRACKSUITS PRACTICING BALLROOM DANCING IN FRONT OF THE CHINESE GARDENS AND IT’S THE GODDAMN PUREST THING I’VE EVER SEEN AND I WANT TO TOUCH THEIR HEADS BUT I PROBABLY WON’T BECAUSE OF RULES
JKIA has suspended the person who is suspected to have shared the chinese video of Chinese aeroplane meaning they wanted it to be a secret. #uhurumustgo #UhuruKenyatta 
Chinese officials use electric door seals to stop suspected coronavirus carriers from leaving their homes 
Police say Chinese national who arrived in Kenya this week has been put on quarantine after falling sick at Sidai Estate in Sabaki area, Athi River.
Some years back, Hayati Mzee Moi accepted huge sums of money when he was president,to let the Chinese dump nuclear wastes in The northern parts of this country, the same case might be happening with the government now. #UhuruKenyatta #coronavirusInkenya #uhurumustgo
Chinese whistle blower says there are 1.5 million people with Corona virus and 50,000 already dead.
"A large share of the world’s supply of antibiotics depends on a handful of Chinese factories…Change would involve upending…the wisdom of allowing  to seek out the best-value goods, with little heed paid to their origin." 
I got kicked outta Chinese store this morning... I didn't even finish my interview... I told them that I hate people who wear original and they all caught feelings!!! 
This is northern Chinese spicy fish soup ~ get out and patronise your local Chinese restaurants ... 
Why nobody has told the Chinese that terrorists testicles soup is a cure for Corona virus? An opportunity missed.
The Kenyan Govt is leaving citizens with no option but to institute open segregation of Chinese nationals from the rest of the people. Soon, everyone is going to stay away from the Chinese, including the healthy ones. You can pin this tweet.
Wer kontrolliert gerade Idlib? -Hayat Tahrir al-Sham (HTS, a jihadist alliance) -National Liberation Front (Turkish-backed rebel alliance) -Hurras al-Din (pro-al-Qaeda HTS offshoot) -Turkistan Islamic Party (TIP, Chinese Uighur-dominated jihadist group)
Chinese researchers have released the first pathology report on #COVID19 patients, suggesting that the disease mainly affects the lungs, while effects on other organs need further 
What countries that love their citizens do. #coronavirusInkenya invites a similar action as that of Japan's PM Shinzo Abe. We must immediately repatriate the 239 Chinese out of Kenya. Meanwhile @KenyaAirways should apologize and reinstate 
She is Evelyne Munyoki, the HR at @KenyaAirways. She is the one who signed Gire Ali's suspension letter after he filmed the plane that was carrying 239 Chinese landing at the airport and the video went viral. She is an Enemy of the people. 
Don’t be racist! Eat Chinese food! “Amesh Adalja, a senior scholar at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School Center for Health Security, tells the Washington Post that coronavirus (2019-nCoV) has not been found to spread through food, and it’s irrational to avoid Chinese restaurants”  …
Nelson Koech asked Omamo tough questions. She confirmed our fears. She's clueless. She also says she's sure the Chinese were not infected, but Kenyan students will not be evacuated from China because she's not sure if they are not infected. Smh! #coronavirusInkenya #uhurumustgo
Every country is banning people from China... Yet, As at yesterday 30 Chinese people entered Lagos from China... Some putting money inside their passport... Saying Nigeria is corrupt...
The first reaction of the Trumpers was to see the #coronavirus as a Chinese problem—and to see whatever is bad for China as being good for us. Wilbur Ross... cheered it on as a development that would “accelerate the return of jobs to North America.”  …
The Communists were the first to run a Black candidate and integrate labor organizing while the ACLU was out here lobbying for the Chinese Exclusion Act. The Comintern held a year's long Congress on The Negro Question to see how they could best assist Black liberation
Live: Chinese officials brief media on prevention, control and treatment of  …
KQ Staff Who Shared Video Of Chinese Flight Landing At JKIA Suspended  
Can't wait for @SouthPark to do an episode on the Chinese coronavirus
Chinese coaches made in India, but the money will go to China . . . . China makes money, people think they ride in Made in India. Chinese Companies know L1 humara baap hai, manipulates and under values its bids... This is how India suffers. What are we doing about it  …
Chinese destroyer shot laser at U.S. Navy P-8A Poseidon aircraft  
If this thing breaks out in Kenya and guys get physically hostile towards Chinese living here....ama how does xenophobia explode?  …
I have, and I have heard that a boat docked in CT and the fishermen (all chinese) are in quarantine here already. I do honestly believe that it is here....they just are not ready to deal with it  …
Watch SA ban Nigerian travellers because of coronavirus and leave Chinese, Italian, Japanese, Korean & Iranian travellers to enter freely, without quarantine.
Pro-democracy advocate Jimmy Lai has been harassed by the Chinese Communist Party for a very long time. Below you will find a thread which I wrote in response to a New York Times report about Mr Lai in August 2019. He must be released immediately.  …
#Chinese scientist Hongjin Tan gets 2 year prison sentence for stealing trade secrets worth $1 billion from #US  Hongjin Tan, who worked on research & development of next-generation battery technologies for Phillips 66, had pleaded  …
Could it be Chinese have the title deed of JKIA as a collateral/security to many loans ? That's why they can arrogantly let their plans land in kenya ? Anyway good distraction 4 BBI Nonsense #UhuruKenyatta #coronavirusInkenya
Chinese spies everywhere, universities  should check more carefully about their connections with Chinese govt, before letting them study or work 
On Kenyans in Wuhan Chinese can enter Kenya in hundreds, be tested & self-quarantine yet internetless Kenyans in Wuhan were not flown out when other countries saved their citizens, tested and quarantined them. That is how much Jubilee Government loves Kenyans. #coronaviruskenya
Fans praising Baekhyun's Chinese. They said that B speaks Chinese well and his pronunciation really improved //It has been a long time since they last heard B spoke Chinese.. 
Let the 239 Chinese in our country fly @KenyaAirways. I have suspended all my travels and tickets with #KQ. The suspension of #GireAli is a conspiracy to murder 47 million Kenyans. #coronavirusInkenya is 
Kama basi Kenyan govt inaogopa Chinese govt because of the loan. Why are they trying to dismiss a healthy population capable of paying back the loan through taxes?
KQ suspends staffer who shared video of Chinese arrival at JKIA.  …
KENYA AIRWAYS suspends staffer indefinitely for sharing a video clip of 239 passengers aboard a Chinese flight that arrived in Kenya.  …
Admitting Chinese Nationals without any medical precautions is obviously CRIMINAL NEGLIGENCE under the Penal Code, Chapter 63 of the Laws of Kenya...but since IMMUNITY from prosecution is a BENEFIT under the terms of employment of public servants in Kenya, IMPUNITY GALORE... 
We can confidently report that part of China mega loans agreement (initially negotiated by Raila as PM) was to allow illegal infiltration of Chinese into KE, thats why these despots continue to allow coronavirus infected Chinese to enter KE. #UhuruKenyatta 
Chinese magic! I bet you’ve never seen something like this This is lovely 
If your PRESIDENT never mentioned anything regarding Kakamega Primary kids Killed, Do you expect him to make a statement regarding A disease that is Very far away from him coz he believes We are in Africa and Chinese can't access us. Kenya is a funny land
Night is falling on Hong Kong, as one of the world's great cities  a little closer to  another Chinese metropolis. A sad day for Hong Kong and for freedom as Jimmy Lai, Hong Kong Media Baron, Is Arrested Over Role in Protests 
I am very sure if this nonsense of allowing Chinese in as they want will continue, other countries will ban Flights to and from Kenya . You can take this to the bank #UhuruKenyatta #coronavirusInkenya
Sometimes I do wish Raila was still in opposition, saa hii tungekua kwa street shouting, "CHINESE MUST GO." Sadly, there is no one else out there who can lead such a revolution. Ruto na wengineo are cowards.. #coronavirusInkenya
China’s gov will soon publish a book: ‘Great nation battles the epidemic’. It will detail how the people  Xi Jinping’s strategic foresight and outstanding leadership, undertook the mission to beat the virus & the advantages of socialism with Chinese characteristics. 
In kenya the truth is buried 10 feet under you need an escalator to dig it out! How do we allow the Chinese to enter the country when all other sensible nations have closed the door due to a deadly corona virus ? Are we buried in debt such that they own us ? Look at this 
#Justice Oklahoma City, OK Chinese National SENTENCED For Stealing Trade Secrets Worth $1B 24 MOS in PRISON Hongjin Tan #China Phillips 66 NEXTGEN FLOW-BATTERY TECHNOLOGY | ENERGY STORAGE NSD #Demers CES FBI HSI ICE CCIPS NDOK #Shores @POTUS  
Chinese armys have a few issues that they want BH to address regarding Namjoon. The de4th threats on weibo, mono not available on netease while the other rapline mixtapes are,reflection film unavailable on vlive etc Lets help them email bighit@ibighit.com Protect@bighitcorp.com
#HarpersBAZAARxSuperM #KAI He likes Chinese cuisine, esp Sichuan. He was looking for food when he went to Milan for Gucci show. He likes Changsha v much “We had a concert and I had good memories there, the food is really good and it’s #LAY ge’s hometown so I like it 
Regular medicinal treatment on a 50-year-old confirmed Chinese #COVID19 asymptomatic female patient showed no effect after 20 days, but has caused her mild liver damage instead: research 
While on Fellowship in the US in 2018 a Chinese classmate always wore a mouth mask whenever Gidraph Mwangi and I (the only two Africans in the programme) entered the seminar room. She’d never shared academic environment with Africans. #coronavirus
The real reason is Disney is afraid Chinese censors would have a problem with him having a gay panic.  …
“godly face, big eyes, big pupils” “he even tried using chinese  with our shoot team” “kept helping the members take photos” “he went to find BAZAAR style team to say hello” all these praises for Taeyong’s visuals AND his character THE BEST BOY 
We stand in solidarity with migrants and international students affected by COVID-19 and associated travel restrictions. Read our Statement here (in English and Chinese) - from the NTEU Sessional and Casuals Network, University of Melbourne:  …
China's Shanghai has donated 500,000 face masks to the virus-hit Daegu and its neighboring North Gyeongsang Province to help South Korea fight against #COVID19 On the same day, the Chinese embassy in Seoul also sent 25,000 masks to Daegu. 
#UhuruKenyatta in today's dailies; ✓DailyRuto- Virus; Why is Kenya dancing with Death. ✓ The Standard- Enemies of the People ✓ The Star- #coronavirus; Only 10 Beds are Ready. ✓People Daily- Chinese Flight Sparks Anger As virus Spreads. #coronavirusInkenya 
Lets place it in a diff context . Had it been kenya hit with such a virus would the Chinese have allowed a kenyan plane land in china?? Even if it carried only newborns born with no human contact
President Xi Jinping sent out a strong message to the world when he emphasized that the strength of the Chinese governance system and the will of its people would  the novel #coronavirus pneumonia epidemic, according to analysts and experts. #XiJinping #COVID19
I heard a govt official say that if we block the Chinese  into Kenya, who would build our roads, bridges and railways? I wondered if we die who would enjoy the infrastructure? Your answer is a sure bet.
One military-grade laser fired at a Chinese destroyer’s bridge would put an end to this but might put Ivanka’s Chinese patents at risk.... US says Chinese warship fired military laser at US aircraft - CNNPolitics  …
3 Chinese nationalists caught in Rio Grande Valley. No virus but c’mon! We’re sitting ducks...  …
Taeyong is full of energy.  with our behind film photographer and tries to talk with our team using Chinese. When waiting for photo shooting he takes polaroid of members and selfies with members. + 
There are rules in every war not pronounced but agreed by friends and enemies. These rules are usually respected. The #US, during all nine years of war in #Syria, allowed a very limited supply of Chinese MANPADs to jihadists and stopped when #Russia moved into #Syria.
I stand with, and happy to defend Gire Ali. He did the right thing to expose the reckless and suicidal act of our government by allowing 239 Chinese nationals into our country and thereby risking the lives of 48 million Kenyans 
If this letter suspending a true Kenyan patriot, Gire Ali, due to his patriotic act of sharing evidence of the dangerous entry into our country by 239 Chinese is true, then the enemy of 48 million Kenyans includes a poorly run @KenyaAirways. Coronavirus is a killer. Ali is 
Q: Which nickname do you like the best from your fans? : I like everything, chinese fans call me a bear so I love calling myself bear too. I have lots of nicknames but I love them all. I like it if my fans like it, so I love all my nicknames. 우리 니니곰 
Waking up to news that @KenyaAirways has suspended the employee who revealed the arrival of the Chinese flight. Ile ushenzi iko Kenya. Gare Ali is a hero. No flights should be allowed to Kenya from China 
BAZAAR： Taeyong was very active throught the show, interacting with our trivia photographers and trying  with the team in Chinese. While waiting to be photographed, he held polaroid to take photo for the members and also took selfies with the team. 
Q1: favorite fashion? My favorite fashion item is Hat, favorite fashion style  sportswear. Q2: Message to Chinese fans: Hi, Chinese fans this is TY. I’m everyone’s TY, I miss you guys so much, it has been a long time haven’t you guys, so I miss you guys so so much. 
Mike Bloomberg Says Chinese People ‘Don’t Seem To Want’ Democracy: ‘They Like Their System’  …
brain: ok so its wen junhui for the romanization of his chinese name and moon junhwi for his korean one me: moon junhui
Chinese should self quarantine at @StateHouseKenya . That will make the leadership of this understand and appreciate the risks around #coronavirusInkenya
Planes carrying Chinese expatriates, workers and traders are expected to land at JKIA despite the government’s refusal to evacuate Kenyans stuck in the country, where the deadly virus originated. #coronavirusInkenya 
Sometimes I drive past billboards for TV shows and say, “Oh that writers’ room was next to us, the one that left Chinese food rotting in their kitchen behind locked doors until we nearly called the police expecting to find a corpse inside.” Anyway enjoy your favorite TV shows.
Kenya, a country that can't handle a case like cholera still allows Chinese flights. On the other side of the globe, India with the leading healthcare facilities in the world has closed it's borders. This is a classical example of a stupidity and silliness. #coronavirusInkenya
Military Experts@#CPAC Warn #China Trying 2‘Strangle Us’ #Communist ‘see our #freedom as an existential threat 2 their survival’ #Chinese Communist govt“laying theoretical foundation US spread disease in their country”  … #QAnon #QAnon2018 #QAnon2020 
Chinese regulators remove game 'Plague Inc' from China app stores, developer says  
Kenya is a shitty Country, the Kenyan who recorded the arrival of the Chinese airline has been suspended... In other news the ministry of health says they have no capacity to deal with Coronavirus #coronaviruskenya #CoronaVirusUpdates 
The @canolacouncil just called on the Liberals to resolve the Chinese government’s ban on our canola. Canola farmers and producers have lost $1 billion due to Trudeau’s inaction on this file. Canada’s Conservatives will continue to stand up for our canola producers and farmers.
Corona virus in Sidai estate athi river by a chinese who was a passenger in the plane that landed in JKIA. It's time we matched there. Confirmed by machakos medical authority. 
. @BeingSalmanKhan  brand ambassador for Chinese smartphone Realme  …
US says Chinese warship fired military laser at US aircraft - CNN  …
HARPER’S BAZAAR CHINA - #태민 to Chinese Fans() #TAEMIN 
#covid19 I am in China. I didn't go out for one month. In the past month, most of the Chinese people stayed home just like me. That's why the number of diagnoses hasn't been dramatically increased. That's not a natural increase curve! It's HIGHLY contagious. Take actions please!
Ignorant FOOL @ewarren @SenWarren @TheDemocrats DO NOT GIVE A SHIT about citizens safety! @CBP have detained CHINESE ILLEGALS, w/ flu-like symptoms, at our southern border!!! OUR BORDER NEED PROTECTED NOW MORE THAN EVER AMERICA?! YOU BEST VOTE THESE DEMS OUT OF DC  …
SuperM’s first Chinese magazine cover for #BAZAAR_Star_E_Magazine is OUT! Details  #LUCAS #루카스 #SuperM #WeAreTheFuture #SuperMtheFuture #Jopping #SuperM_Jopping #HARPERSBAZAARCHINA 
SuperM’s first Chinese magazine cover for #BAZAAR_Star_E_Magazine is OUT! Details  #MARK #마크 #SuperM #WeAreTheFuture #SuperMtheFuture #Jopping #SuperM_Jopping #HARPERSBAZAARCHINA 
Today's #covid19 stats. Another day of flat new cases globally and falling new deaths. The majority of new cases are outside of China, which means both that the Chinese epidemic is declining and the overall epidemic has gone global (although it probably had done so already) 
The red panda are actually two separate species: Scientists say they have found substantial divergences between the Chinese red pandas and Himalayan red pandas  
Kenya is so BEHOLDEN and CAPTIVE to Chinese interests that it can't stop SICK  in as and when they wish...while the rest of the world stopped them awhile ago...
I just want y'all to be aware of this collab is made for giving chinese people, who are struggling with epidemic, strength. to know those three artists gathered to remind china there's always hope, will make you feel the song better #IllBeThere_withXiaoKun #在你身旁 #Ill_be_there
A Chinese navy destroyer shot a weapons-grade laser at a @USNavy P-8A Poseidon patrol aircraft Feb. 17 in the Philippine Sea about 380 miles west of Guam — in a move @USPacificFleet dubbed “unsafe and  …
Chinese researchers have released the first pathology report on #COVID19 patients, suggesting the lungs remain the main organ to be affected by the disease, while effects on other organs need further 
Will the Leafs make the playoffs? The Chinese farmer said maybe.
Coronavirus: 80 per cent of patients in China ‘benefiting from traditional Chinese medicine’  …
“Why does the government of Canada tolerate the activities of agents of the Chinese state who are engaged in activities which are not consistent with their status in our country?” @cburton001 is quoted in this article by @Nuttallreports.  …
My Great Grandfather’s traditional Chinese medicine prescription from more than 100 years ago. He passed 1st level Imperial Examination. But instead of continue to pursue a career in Imperial bureaucracy, he choose to be a doctor of Traditional Chinese Medicine 
Here I thought it was bc they wanted it to be more like the Chinese legend rather than than remake the 1998 cartoon :/
Fake Indian #ElizabethWarren wants to strip #BorderWall funds supposedly for the #coronavirus, when our unsecured southern border is a MAJOR SOURCE of infectious disease, and in 2020 #BorderPatrol apprehended 1,155 #illegal Chinese migrants. #KAG  …
Markets really just falling off a cliff right now. Losses worsening right now headed into the Chinese lunch break 
VERY concerning. Dr Anthony Fauci, Dir of US National Inst of Allergy & Infectious Diseases, is an internationally trusted expert on pandemics In honour of fallen Chinese physician #whistleblower hero Dr Li Wenliang, we must all advocate to #LetFauciSpeak #cdnhealth  …
Happy Friday! Here's some non-virus listening: my first podcast! It was surprisingly personal to report - a story of one student's struggle w/identity, what it means to be Chinese, and whether Taiwan should accept refugees, now a central issue as HK erupts  …
U.S. @CBP agents apprehended 1,155 Chinese migrants this fiscal year after they illegally entered from Mexico, Canada, or coastal boundaries. More than 95% came over the southwestern border between October 1, 2019, and January 31, 2020 ~ @BreitbartNews  …
US professor arrested, accused of hiding relationship with Chinese university while working with NASA  
Data visualized: 24 provincial-level regions or about 75% of Chinese mainland report zero confirmed new cases of #COVID19 on Feb 27. New infections outside Hubei drop to 
Reports Whistle blower of the secret entry of China plan with 239 Chinese secretly fired for filming the arrival and sharing it on social media. Could be government hiding something? 
Destined to be a best seller. #China state media praise soon-to-be-published 100,000+ Chinese character tome on Beijing’s successful handling of “demon” #coronavirus starring Pres. Xi. “A Battle Against Epidemic: China Combatting Covid-19 in 2020” offered so far in 6 
Remember they have entire ghost cities in China, right? Perfect for a sound stage. Fake News is a HUGE HUGE industry. Bigger than anyone seems ready to believe. Could the fake footage that you've seen? Ummmm yes, obviously. Do you speak Chinese? probably not. see the problem?
Just FYI: "Chinese duck platoons are waiting to be deployed to neighboring Pakistan to fight a swarm of crop-eating pests…At least 100,000 ducks are expected to be sent to  a desert locust outbreak." 
Dr Tony Fauci is an internationally trusted expert on infectious disease/pandemics and a consistent presence on national news. Have we learned nothing from China? In honor of fallen Chinese doctor whistleblower hero Dr Li Wenliang, #medtwitter we must advocate  …
People’s Liberation Army invading thru US/Mexican Border? EXCLUSIVE: 1,155 Chinese Nationals Apprehended After Illegally Entering U.S. in FY2020 More than 95% came over the southwestern border between Oct 1, 2019 & Jan 31, 2020.  …
Good news! Chinese mainland sees 3,622 recovery cases on Feb 27. It is the 16th straight day that the number of infected people who have recovered surpasses 1,000 and the accumulative cases of recovery have reached 36,117. #coronavirus #COVID19 
The Chinese Farmer after getting 4 points in Florida... 
REMINDER: In early 1958, Communist China, announced a new economic experiment meant to catapult his country ahead of the West in both agriculture and industry.. By the time the Great Leap Forward ended four years later, MILLIONS WERE DEAD and the Chinese economy was in tatters!
The Chinese people eat shitty food, they breathe shitty air, they drink shitty water, they grow their food in shitty soil and their fish are farmed in shitty water, and we wonder why they are dropping like flies...
Army of 100,000 Chinese ducks on standby  locust swarms 
Federal authorities arrested Anming Hu, an assistant professor of engineering at the @UTKnoxville, on charges relating to allegedly #Lying about links to a #Chinese university while receiving funding from  …
What the hell? EXCLUSIVE: 1,155 Chinese Nationals Apprehended After Illegally Entering U.S. in FY2020  …
So yes. Practice good hygiene so we don’t pass our germs to others and  diseases to spread. But let’s also make sure that while we’re trying to stop the spread coronavirus, we aren’t spreading racist misconceptions about the hygiene practices of Chinese folks
Chinese officials use electric door seals to stop suspected coronavirus carriers from leaving their homes during self-isolation 
Changmin s Chinese fansite "CHINA_MAX Changmin Bar" donated 218000 rmb (3111.35 USD) to Wuhan Charity Federation on January 25, 2020 in the name of Changmin fans. cr  
US #Pacific Fleet reports a P-8A #Poseidon patrol aircraft of VP-45 was #lased 17 Feb by #Chinese #destroyer HOHHOT 161 about 380 miles west of Guam. Not clear what kind of laser was used. Ship was part of a 4-ship task group that cruised into mid-Pacific  
Weapons-grade lasers It’s been a week since this happened, but they’re just now reporting it: US claims Chinese Navy fired lasers at an American surveillance aircraft flying over the Philippine Sea... 
Changmin s Chinese fansite "Changmin News" has donated 15000 medical gloves to the Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University on February 7, 2020., together with other 34 fansites. cr  
Hopefully coronavirus goes the way of the left's bogus #TrumpRecession push. So far, the only losers are Woke corporations dependent on Chinese profits. It wouldn't be a bad thing to rely more on American supply and demand.
Planes carrying Chinese expatriates, workers and traders are expected to land at JKIA despite the government’s refusal to evacuate Kenyans stuck in the country, where the deadly virus originated. #CoronaVirusKenya 
A Chinese city could  the first to ban dog and cat meat under proposed legislation. @darrenadam asks: What possible reason could there be to oppose a ban on dog or cat 
“The whole Wuhan bureaucracy is among the worst in China,” Hou said, adding that the entire city of #Wuhan is like “hell on earth.” Despite the #CCP’s obvious mismanagement of the epidemic, Hou said many Chinese are still oblivious of the true situation.  …
I’m Chinese and I want  …
(1) Follow the CDC page updates. I'm checking this daily  … (2) Follow your state health department website (3) Ignore the random factoids people are pushing out without citation (3) Frequent Chinese restaurants & other businesses whenever you have a chance
Chinese city offers up to $1,400 reward for reporting coronavirus symptoms The city of Qianjiang, which is in hard-hit Hubei province, on Thursday started offering 10,000 yuan ($1,426) to people who report symptoms and later test positive  … via @nypost
Today I joined my friend & partner in purpose @SUCCESSCanada CEO @queeniechoo at #JadeDynasty in Vancouvers #Chinatown to send a message during #COVID2019 that we must  together & support businesses.The  &  stand shoulder to shoulder.  – at Jade Dynasty
Met my schoolmate yesterday who's a Muslim with a belief that #COVID is Allah's response to Chinese as punishment. Funnily I told him that Allah is punishing Muslims too, in Iran. Gobsmacked at his reply as he said that Iranians are Shi'a & they are punished for that. Humanity?
3,622 #COVID19 patients walked out of hospital after recovery on Thursday, bringing the number of total discharged patients on Chinese mainland to 36,117  
We just had the imprisonment of Gui Minhai the bookseller for 10 years by the Chinese Communist Party, and now Jimmy Lai, a prominent pro-democracy newspaper owner arrested by the Hong Kong Government. The two team up on the suppression of expression at a this epidemic time!
Not the Chinese food
