Ung Chinese sa elevator na napunta sa bus then nag jollibee sa rizal. This contagion could have been contained had we decided to close our borders for the Chinese! As of March 10, flights from China are still arriving in this f*cking country
Social distancing and self-isolating is useful in that it might be the difference between our being stung by a bee once versus being stung 100 times - that's why young and apparently healthy Chinese doctors became ill and died - due to viral load. Reduce exposure. Be well, mate.
Doesn’t matter. Even if he had tested positive for the “Chinese Virus”...... he’d have knocked the crap out of it.  …
President Trump, Remember Dr Lee from China who Tried to Warn the World about the virus being made in Chinese Lab? He put out info a few months ago and nobody paid attention! He is dead now! Look up story on American Thinker! IMPORTANT!
AOC Wednesday: “It’s racist not to eat at Chinese Restaurants.” AOC Today: “Everyone stay home and eat, don’t go out to Restaurants.”
If covid19 still spiking in april and Chinese are gathering for Cheng Beng at the cemetery, then it's our own funerals soon Say No to Cheng Beng mass gathering! Don't be a Cina Babi! #fightcovid19 #DontGatherInChengBeng
About 341 of these Chinese nationals sought to enter the U.S. illegally just within the last few months. Chinese nationals are continuing to arrive at the southern border, with about six being apprehended within the last couple of days. 
Twitter Bends The Knee To Chinese Disinformation Campaigns To Smear The US And Trump - YouTube  … via @getongab
Chinese Tycoon Ren Zhiqiang Who Criticized Xi’s Response to Coronavirus Has Vanished 
Before Trump screwed everything up -leading conservatives to start yipping "Chinese Virus" that is scientifically meaningless, epidemiologicly ignorant and blows up assistance China giving others - Trump tweeted kisses to say how great China did. We knew their screwups then. 
Border Security Apprehend 1,657 Chinese Nationals Crossing Southern Border Since October WTF! This is disturbing! Yup, this is what the D'RATS, Schumer & Pelose want for this Country. They want votes, they don't care who dies. 
Any respiratory infection (which COVID-19 is) is exacerbated by smoking, but we just don't know the extent yet unfortunately. It has been suggested smoking rate differentials between men & women may explain why Chinese men died at a higher rate than Chinese women, for instance.
I’m screaming there’s a squirrel demon in this chinese soap and he has a tiny TOP KNOT IN SQUIRREL FORM I CANNOT.
Not 'patroning' Chinese restaurants is racist... 
See how it's coordinated? So they were all calling it for what it was - Chinese Wuhan virus, and then they began politicizing it and called it the Trump virus, and now when Trump calls it the Wuhan virus he's a racist for doing so. And the useful idiots forget they called it that
But the other day you said to go to eat at Chinese restaurants. 
Since Trump has now taken the Coronavirus Test and the results were Negative, will the Press start asking questions about China trying to blame the Pandemic on the US Military? Of course not. They think even referring to it as “Chinese” or “Wuhan” Coronavirus is “offensive”.
Western media parroting Chinese Communist Party propaganda 
The Chinese basically bought the rest of the world a month/6 weeks to get its arse in gear. Have the experts read the @WHO China report? Listen to @johnashton4pcc and what Bahrain has been doing. We were still letting Italian planes from Milan fly in and out unchecked this week!
Chinese Tycoon Who Criticized Xi Response to Coronavirus Has Vanished...  …
A SHAMELESS MERCH PLUG. OF A HOODIE WITH CHINESE AND JAPANESE TEXT ON IT. ON A VIDEO ANOUT A PANDEMIC WHICH HAS SPARKED A MASSIVE AMOUNT OF ANTI ASIAN XENOPHOBIA AND RACISM. WHAT THE FUCK!! WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS THIS IS DISGUSTING @MatPatGT 
My  are those from the Trump Chinese coronavirus infection truthers  …
This is the largest mosque in the Turkish capital Ankara. Historically it was Hitler's war threat. It has not affected the crowds. Now because of this powerful Chinese power, today is Friday as Sunday, but there is no one here. 
Hello I will be posting weird Chinese state propaganda videos for a while, a) because they’re WILD and b) cause the ease with which US people humanize Italians but not Asians in the same situation has me kinda sad. Feeling a lot for all the Chinese healthcare workers  …
His adopted Chinese daughter is not his adopted Chinese daughter. She is his daughter.
I'm a lot less concerned with the latest Chinese virus/Mayan Apocalypse/y2k horse$#!t than I am with my fellow North Americans. Xi and Putin are laughing at us.  …
How the Chinese Mafia/Gov’t rolls.  …
Chinese exec: “just make the squirrel hot I don’t care” Artist: I guess I’ll just... add anime hair
Border Security Apprehend 1,657 Chinese Nationals Crossing Southern Border Since October  via @gatewaypundit
It has been reported in news channels that Italy has "imported" Chinese workers from the Wuhan Province for years "prior" to this coronavirus outbreak in Milan and elsewhere....the real price of importing unvetted people from the Third World is a Total SHUTDOWN of your country...
I think about this all the time in translation. Chinese storytelling seems to be more about living in the moment than moving forward, and readers seem to derive joy from a character’s existence rather than their purpose. Or maybe that’s just me.  …
By the way, in case you still believe it was only Chinese in Italy dying. See here that it’s not :(  …
When Ebola broke out did every African in America have it? No so I don’t understand why  at chinese people like this
ICYMI: Liberal media pundits want you to think referring to the coronavirus as the "Wuhan" or "Chinese" virus is racist. Here's just a few of the times the liberal media did just that. 
An Italian man plays Chinese national anthem and shouts "Thank you, China." Italians ought to thank China for the virus, for the hug-seekers, for the Red Guards parades.  …
President Trump tests NEGATIVE to Wuhun Chinese Coronavirus More winning
Allison Pearson has yet again, embarrassed herself by suggesting that Chinese doctors arriving in Italy are there to spread the coronavirus
We are emulating the Chinese at least in this way, if not the other ways, in coping with the pandemic. 15 Ways to Wipe Your Butt When the Toilet Paper is Gone. #COVID19 #gallowshumor  …
There are 247 confirmed #Coronavirus cases in #Canada with 1 deaths, Chinese nationals are talking about to flee Canada and go back to their motherland. Gotta say it’s a smart move indeed, should leave ASAP and don’t look back. #明智之舉 #好行夾唔送 
About 50 Americans have been killed by the chinese coronavirus... Hillary Clintom: "That's it?! Amateur!!"
The Chinese army has been deployed to support citizens during the coronavirus crisis, delivering hundreds of tons of daily necessities. Meanwhile, the US military is bombing Iraq, as Americans empty out grocery stores in a panic and fiends hoard necessities and price gouge.  …
#Covid19 cases outside China will soon overtake the cases recorded in the country. They went up by nearly 10K cases in today's @WHO daily update & now stand at nearly 76% of the Chinese total The @JHUSystems Covid-19 dashboard shows +156K cases, ~6K deaths  …
Have a little extra time now? A truly  of NLP, cogneuro, aesthetics, coding by @TengXB and friends "Constrained Structure of Ancient Chinese Poetry Facilitates Speech Content Grouping"  …
Just a heads up my Patriot brothers and sisters in Georgia, the March 24th presidential primary has been postponed until May because of the "Chinese Wuhan Coronavirus!"
"The UK government's chief medical adviser said the patients were all in 'at-risk' groups from across England." In late Jan I was reading the same in Chinese newspapers - only affecting elderly, underlying health conditions... Until it didn't, & killed doctors in their 20s/30s.
to the people not eating from chinese take out places: just drink the hand sanitizer u bought in bulk bro???
My bfs ordered a Chinese on their way home and it arrived before they did. We usually have to wait 40-60 mins from this one place bc it's so popular. Pls support ur local Chinese n Asian restaurants/take aways/food stores during this time if u can! This is people's livelihoods
Idk who needs to hear this buttt go order takeout from your local Chinese restaurant they could use the business and your fatass could use the rangoons
The Aviation Industry Corporation of China is a state-owned industry, which means that it is a public entity run by Chinese government. Because these masks are produced by the government, they will likely be distributed in China and sent abroad for free. This is socialism.  …
i am 5'3 280 (shredded) and immune to chinese cringe aids. this is my story 
Wealthy Chinese businessmen are now sending aid to the US... like it’s a developing nation. What an incredibly fast power shift, all under one President. #COVID19  …
Yesterday the news said that the billionaire Chinese owner of AliBaba wants to give a "gift" of face masks to US. I say NO WAY!!!! @realDonaldTrump Sounds like a true Trojan horse.
Border Security Apprehend 1,657 Chinese Nationals Crossing Southern Border Since October. #BuildTheWall  via @gatewaypundit
I’m a Chinese citizen and I know people in their 40s/30s died. Every government initially stressed that only old people/people with pre-existing conditions died, until one day they stopped to mention about people’s ages.
White people are scared to eat Chinese food right now but will still go out to bars for St. Patrick's Day....???
Look: it seems Korea's aggressive and sustained testing and total transparency are the effective response to COVID19 and not the chinese-style lockdown. 
georgia is also announcing that they are moving their presidential primary from march 24 to may 19 due to the chinese coronavirus the 279k ballots have already been cast in early voting will be counted in may  …
It's been 76 days since the day the CHINESE first realized that they had a problem--less than 11 weeks. 2 1/2 months. We wasted some of that time, but let's not overstate how much time we had to ramp up the response.
This is why people around the world are so angry with the Chinese Communist Party right now. They silenced the whistleblower and covered up the extent of the spread of the virus since early December. The #CCP MUST BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR THEIR CRIME AGAINST HUMANITY.
Chinese supermarket was mostly empty of people but had full shelves. Thanks racists
Shanghai Shenhua will demand 15m from #mufc to make Ighalo loan deal permanent transfer. The Chinese side have seen the instant impact he has made and will ramp up price as a result. United have option to buy but no fee was agreed. #muzone [Express]
Xu Zheng , a famous Chinese actor and director, has donated 15 million Yuan along with 500 pulse oximeters, 25 oxygen concentrators, and a CPR device to the Iranians to help fend off #coronavirus. 
Chinese Officials Release Iconic Photo Of Mounted Rescue Workers Trudging Through Snow Banks In The Mountains  
Bouta go eat at a Chinese buffet. Call that the last supper
From China's official foreign ministry spox: If there is one good thing  from this, perhaps it will be the final recognition that the Chinese regime are our enemies, shameless liars, and we should do everything in our power to disentangle our economies 
I'm thinking Patient 0 was some geezer at Mar-a-Lago, and a Chinese Madam who gave him a happy ending flew back to China and caused the outbreak there... 1st Orange County coronavirus case is man who brunched at Mar-a-Lago; unclear whether Trump attended  …
This guy is  to go back and try writing a column critical of the Chinese government's response  
Well, well, well. Remember my theory about the Chinese trying to infect POTUS that I posted just a few days ago? It definitely looks like they are up to something, but the WH is ten steps ahead of them as always.  …
Border Security Apprehend 1,657 Chinese Nationals Crossing Southern Border Since October Thank you ⁦ 
“Coronavirus is targeting Chinese, Iranians And Italians” “Coronavirus is targeting old people” “Coronavirus is targeting stock market” "Coronavirus is targeting Toilet Papers" #Coronavirus just enjoying 
Chinese billionaire to send US 500,000 coronavirus test kits, 1 million face masks  
There's a lot of talk in the conspiracy sphere about the Wuhan biotech lab. But answer is, why would China infect itself on Chinese new year? Why were China & Iran first hit. Which lab do we know created a Coronavirus that crosses from bats to humans?  …
Imagine going to the Chinese restaurant to “show support” and they don’t even let your black ass eat there. Now you sitting outside sad as hell, cape fluttering in the wind.
A Chinese Restaurant in Nigeria has a No Black people policy.  
Deeply impressed by Chinese Friends; several partner Universities of @polimi declared availability to send masks. Tsinghua Foundation decided to donate 100.000 masks; the Assoc. of Chinese alumni of Polimi opened up a web site for collecting donations 切终归美好，中意友谊长存！ 
"Are you Chinese?... I'd rather be a racist than die"  …
Chinese government STOP Yukon Festival! Where between 10,000 and 40,000 Dogs are killed and eaten over 10 days. STOP THE DISGUSTING CRUELTY AND SAVE US ALL FROM YET ANOTHER CHINESE ANIMAL SOURCED VIRUS!!! <<<<Sign the Petition>>>>  via @UKChange
“Chinese owned” That’s one way to phrase that. CGTN is directly owned by the Chinese Communist Party. It reports to their propaganda department.  …
"All Chinese need mandatory squirtings" Holds out purell bottle. 
Why not Africa?  and personnel own stacks of assets  across Africa. 
Remember that the same media who've spread the Russia collision hoax also serve as agents of Chinese propaganda. Several MSNBC anchors claimed that calling it a Chinese virus was racist at the same time as the Chinese government claimed that the virus was created by US military.
Even on this very topic: Media outlets/channels are running Chinese propaganda & segments insisting using the same name they were themselves using a few days ago is racist. Can you really be surprised when the public doesn’t listen to them about the need for social distancing?
PSA: if you plan on ordering food, please order from your local Chinese food restaurant. They’re currently suffering financially from this crisis and it makes me really upset.
How many Chinese illegals did Democrats release into their  without calling ICE? How many of them were carriers of #Caronavirus? Did Democrats do any testing on these people? But it's all Trump's fault, 
We’ve conditioned ourselves into thinking China is just “sorta” authoritarian and “kinda” totalitarian because cheap Chinese goods and labor have made our neo-liberal lives cheap and easy. We’re wrong. China is every bit as monstrous as the Third Reich and Stalin’s Russia.
I coughed and this Chinese lady moved away from me. Bitch u started it
500,000 coronavirus test kits, 1 million masks to be given to US by Chinese billionaire Jack Ma  
The Chinese government is trying to pass the buck on coronavirus, and we simply can't let them get away with that. "The understandable desire to avoid unfairly scapegoating" shouldn't prevent us from calling a spade, a spade. 
(spoiler, too late, already did takeout/delivery of Chinese food, am tipping big, figure takeout and grocery stores are still gonna have to be in play for now)
Anyone remember the Chinese doctor who the authorities suppressed, who could have saved millions of lives if he had been listened to? or are we just going to congratulate them on sending some rubber gloves to Italy???
The Chinese managed to control the virus thanks to the amazing ability to build hospitals in 10 days and the ability of its population to follow instructions to achieve effective social distancing. #COVIDー19 
Chinese Tycoon Who Criticized Xi’s Response to Coronavirus Has Vanished  …
I’m patroning a Chinese restaurant tonight. Just thought I’d let you know.
After a Chinese ambassador suggested the US military planted the coronavirus in Wuhan, the @StateDept had a meeting with him and "stern" words were 
Trump told farmers to buy bigger tractors and more land because of his phase one China trade deal. But Chinese agriculture purchases are lagging behind 2017 levels and China still  to a timeline to increase imports like Trump promised.  …
Hantianqi, the 98-year-old Chinese renowned astronomer, and his wife, both of whom contracted the #coronavirus, have been cured and fully recovered. The couple was discharged from #Wuhan’s hospital on 
Chinese police officer arrests a man after he had reminded one of the officers to wear a mask #China 
6. This is just one of many, many cases of how volunteers, medical workers helped to contain COVID19 DESPITE, rather than facilitated by, the Chinese government. I think US & Europe should def refer to the necessary approach used in China...
#coronavirus #vaccine could be ready for trials by April, #Chinese officials say.  …
This is some pretty ridiculous misinformation. Gilead is giving Chinese insititutes the antiviral for free to conduct trials bc it hasn't had human testing yet. That's not disturbing & it is the opposite of denying. Gilead's CEO also said he wouldn't be pressing patent disputes. 
So it’s racist when Chinese stop patronising Chinese 
Two more voluntary medics from China leave for #Iran Saturday night to join five other Chinese experts there to help the country fight the novel #coronavirus 
Spread the word. Everyone needs to be aware of what the #CCP Chinese regime is doing lest you start unwittingly absorbing and repeating their #propaganda  …
Wuhan   to a city near you courtesy of the Chinese Communist Party  …
RTC and Mayor of Richmond Hill David Barrow would like to wish good luck and thank you to all members of Chinese National Team who were training hard the last several weeks with us! Go Team! Your RTC Family 
It’s theArmy Age Males from ANY Country that Scare Me. Border Security Apprehend 1,657 Chinese Nationals Crossing Southern Border Since October  via @gatewaypundit
Most viewed Hashtags on Douyin for K-POP Artists in 2019 #3 @JacksonWang852 4 Billion Douyin is the original chinese version of TikTok (I reposted again due to a misinformation) #GOT7 
Trump’s speech today was great. Much, much better than yesterday’s. This is deeper than a Chinese bat & none of us want to live in a world where this  the new normal. There is a health industry swamp just like there is a media & political swamp.
some guy in in NYC is running around streaming in a hazmat suit screaming at people to stay away form the chinese 
What??? Just the other day @AOC you said people weren’t eating Chinese food..racists and called for “patroning” (rather than patronizing)...and now you say stay home to healthy people. Make up your mind.  …
Chinese tycoon who criticised Xi's response to coronavirus has vanished  …
happy to report teng’s on victoria still has all your essentials including giant bags of rice, roasted seaweed, canned goods, & choy. support your local chinese grocer! #coronavirus 
Seems like a waste that the Chinese government spends any money on propaganda campaigns when the American mainstream media already exists for them 
Wuhan Zall, the Chinese soccer team that was stuck in Spain because of the coronavirus outbreak, is now going back home to try to avoid its rapid spread in Europe. by 
Like I said, "borderline traitorous media" and why I'm mostly calling #COVIDー19 the Chinese Wuhan Coronavirus.  …
I was watching one Chinese movie this evening. BOOM, the actor started coughing and sneezing. I quickly off my television
Border Security Apprehend 1,657 Chinese Nationals Crossing Southern Border Since October  via @gatewaypundit
Chinese foreign ministry spokesman is a piece of shit.  …
Where are the papers that should  out of Italy by now? I would trust Italian universities/labs many times more than Chinese, why is there such long delay? Why Germoney and SK have lots of cases but very low death  to Italy?
After Vancouver (Canada) put in a 15% offshore tax to stop mainland Chinese buying up all their property in 2016, the Chinese swarmed the Seattle market, buying 1000s of homes, bumping up prices, and moving to Seattle. Result: Seattle is USA’s hotspot for Wuhan Coronavirus.  
I heard explanation that celebs are showing up because they have big networks/travel...so what is rate among stewardess, pilots among different airlines? How about prosties, in certain port locations they cater to Chinese merchant marine and in others to tourists  …
Unlike the Chinese government's cover-up, censorship, and coercions, the South Korean government has contained the coronavirus with transparency and public cooperation. In lieu of travel bans, it has used monitoring.  
a few days ago everybody was a racist because they weren't going to Chinese restaurant now you're telling everybody to stay home? You and your alternate personality need to get on the same page!
China has Known About Corona Virus Since NOV 17th. 1million Chinese have Flown into The USA between Nov17-Jan31. Corona Virus Has been here for 4 months. Wheres the US deaths, Overwhelmed Hospitals? Its all Fake China Propaganda to Crash Economy  …
Can anyone explain why Australia imports frozen Chinese mango that is packed in NZ and Canada (PS both countries would have ZERO mango trees between them!)
As I am (shamefully) seeing CCP propaganda getting repeated by (idiotic) blue chekist US media, a reminder that the Wuhan-origin of the Virus was not doubted by the Russians who quickly shut the Russian-Chinese border on January 30 #DragonBear   …
Unless you're patroning a Chinese or Asian restaurant...  …
“The US is not interested in assigning blame, but asks the Chinese government to offer full access and transparency in order to prevent further loss of lives inside and outside the PRC" -  …
Casual racism towards Asian people has been so normalised over the years that it’s only being recognised after  extreme due to the coronavirus. 18 years of free education and you still can’t process the fact that Asian doesn’t automatically mean Chinese? Tragic.
Chinese Centre for Disease Control biggest analysis so far: Death rate men 2,8% Women 1.7% Sars in Hong Kong 2003 more women infected but male death rate 50% higher (Annals of Internal Medicine) Don’t let facts get in way of yr need to abuse me Get your kicks where you can gir  …
NOTICE If the Chinese Communist Party had their way, no one would read this tweet, share this tweet, or act on this tweet.  …
You racists are going stop laughing when the Chinese restaurants are the only places open.
Chinese=corona has always been a distraction, but now because of these racial blind spots (the disease epicenter is now Europe) and the possibility of secondary spread, we need to get serious about social distancing from all people, with no calculations about perceived origin.
Current status: researching the backstory behind these Chinese healthcare workers & border agents visiting villagers in the remote Altai mountains near Mongolia. Hell of an image. Credit 
China built a 1,000 bed hospital in a week to deal with #COVIDー19. What is the UK doing? Are we preparing for the peak by building emergency hospitals with critical-care beds? Are we at least discussing with Chinese experts on how it can be done?
Racism has nothing to do with why they don’t want us calling it the Wuhan or Chinese Virus...can’t blame it on America with a name like that
CTGN is the  regime’s foreign propaganda arm.   …
½ fandom blocked me ¾ fandom silenced me Why? Because I say rohans pussy grips like a chinese fingertrap
the chinese supermarket i always go to gave every customer gloves when walking in and sanitized each individual cart when it was done being used and yet it was nearly empty cause people wanna keep being racist
The White House must demand that Google $GOOG not keep our #coronavirus check-in data. Will they give it to their Chinese dragon friends?
If this is correct the UK factory in Stratford (owned by Chinese) making non invasive ventilators might be quite useful...   …
i'm sorry but the only person allowed to be racist against chinese people for coronavirus is my chinese mom !
CGTN is a propaganda wing of the Chinese Communist Party.  …
Chinese care packages to US... who would have thought it...  …
The Chinese #CoronavirusPandemic Boomerang! #DarkToLight Watch! The Stage is set -China Trade Deal Ph2  Legislation's introduced to limit dependency on China supply chains. What advantages might exist when you know the other sides playbook? Q #Trump2020 #KAG 
The CDC’s materials regarding coronavirus are still not accessible in all languages used in the US. #TriCaucus is calling on the CDC to make all materials available in Spanish, Chinese, French, Tagalog, Vietnamese, Korean, German, Arabic and Russian  
Breaking: The Journalist who attempted to attend the Presidents press briefing was a Chinese Cummunist Party Journalist (CGTN) with a fever.  …
Chinese billionaire to send US 500,000 coronavirus test kits, 1 million face masks  
“Chinese Tycoon Who Criticized Xi’s Response to Coronavirus Has Vanished”  …
Governments could #BoycottChina. Too hard? They won't do it? People can buy local, buy from our allies, buy Chinese products secondhand, & not buy Chinese trinkets they don't need. Free market, isn't it? You're free? You get a choice. #PeoplesBoycott #OperationSunshine2020
What is the link here? Perhaps all the Chinese homeowners who bought vacation homes in northern italy!  …
Copeland Spode Chinese Rose Platter, Art Deco with a Floral Pattern  via @Etsy
I am heartbroken. I just walked into my fav Chinese restaurant and all the staff were sitting bc they have no costumers. PLEASE do not discriminate or let fear bring down businesses run by such hardworking individuals.  – at Silver Palace Chinese Restaurant
I hope all the dipshits screeching that coronavirus is a Chinese attack realize that China is going to be the main manufacturer of coronavirus vaccines:  …
The Duke  said it would not disconnect its customers' power over nonpayment during the Chinese coronavirus pandemic. 
The official Chinese news service Xinhua is wall-to-wall w/stories on China helping countries around the world fight coronavirus. Italy, Korea, EU, Iran... In both Chinese & English—this is meant for both foreign *and* domestic audiences. Wish the US govt could say the same. 
Corona pro tip: Make Chinese dumplings. Buy frozen dumpling skin & spices. Almost any vegetable, egg or meat will work as filling, so can work with whatever's available in your store. You can make hundreds & freeze them. They are nutritious & never get boring. 
LISTEN: @TheLaurenChen looks at the allegations that coronavirus is stoking anti-Chinese racism and the idea that referring to the virus' national origin is racist.  …
My mum & dad are 84 & 85 They’ve been out shopping in Pontypridd this week already & this afternoon we’re buying a new table in the covered market. Their view is that Hitler didn’t get them so a Chinese virus has no chance! #BlitzSpirit
But you said go out and eat at Chinese restaurants just a couple days ago? It’s like the brain of a goldfish on display daily.  …
The Chinese soccer team that was originally stuck in Spain because of the coronavirus outbreak is going back home to try to avoid its rapid spread in Europe. 
#CalledOut! “The US government on Friday (March 13) summoned Chinese Ambassador Cui Tiankai (崔天凱) to the @StateDept to address Beijing’s controversial [false] suggestion the US army is responsible for bringing the novel coronavirus ( #COVID19) to 
People aren’t eating at Chinese restaurants because of Fear ! Not because of racism as @AOC says Many Chinese recently went to visit China for the Chinese New Year and recently returned to The Socialists like AOC are the ones dividing , not ⁦ 
Guns' n' Roses quarantined themselves for 18 years and Chinese Democracy still sucked. Don't buy into this "you could be writing King Lear" right now stuff.
100 reported cases of Chinese patients who have been released from hospitals as survivors of the new coronavirus — only to test positive for it a second time. 
Reasons to buy from your local Chinese restaurant right now: - supporting local asian-owned small businesses while racists are avoiding them - take out is better for social distancing than going out - lo mein is really good while watching netflix in self-quarantine
Trump said he has secured million of tests and stuff. He didn't. A Chinese billionaire, who has already donated items to European countries is doing the same for the US - not because Trump asked him to.  …
For officials, pundits, or others expressing awe at how the Chinese gov has handled #coronavirus, read our new issue of the #china media bulletin. Then think whether this level of deception, repression, censorship, & surveillance is really what you  …
2035: after being humiliated with millions of bat soup memes, Chinese scientists covertly plot their revenge by engineering a virus that spreads from dogs to females. Caninevid.
Is there anything more poetic, than Rump being taken out by a Chinese flu, named after a Mexican beer?
blinks who don't even bias lisa thinking they're being edgy by 'jokingly' dragging the other mentors knowing full well that lisa's already under a microscope for being a kpop idol in a chinese show & that these 'jokes' can affect her reputation in china badly, she's been+
Beijing's subtext to Washington ; "Your response to COVID19 has been inadequate and so the Great Chinese people must help you like we help third world countries" cc @ericgarland @counterchekist
. @TianHuaiyu: "Dear all, I am so excited to share with you a news: Our preprint paper has been reported by Headline in Chinese mainstrain (Tencent) today, it showed a 0.22 BILLION reads !!!"  … with @chris0dye @EvolveDotZoo @MOUGK
All but Chinese restaurants though right? NY14 please elect @cummings2020 so we can free @AOC to a very long career as a  for the now progressive  …
What if CoronaVirus wasn’t started by a Chinese fella eating a bat but by a certain Etonian toff sticking his cock in a dead pig’s mouth?
Can we start the trend of calling Americans racist cheap skates now? Just like how u guys did calling Chinese people dirty, I want memes to happen about how the US is ratty and corrupt  …
The Communist Chinese Governme- *checks notes* The American fake news media continues to push anti-American articles blaming the United States for the #Coronavirus outbreak. Very  …
The Chinese sure got rid of their older population, The Globalist thought they would try to surprise us here! Luckily we have President Trump who is 5 steps ahead if Soros mob. #MafiaMedia #eugenics #SocialistFools #MAGA
Wait I thought just a couple days ago, you said we all needed to go to Chinese restaurants to prove we weren’t racist??  …
sorry not sorry but how can people sit there and say “Chinese people will eat anything, they’re disgusting” but you eat animals too.. bitch you don’t know what animal  be feeding you but you still gone eat it, you literally eat unfertilized eggs.. A HENS PERIOD
What about Chinese restaurants? Should I keep going to those to not appear “racist” to you?
Since the majority of viruses are of Chinese origin, why not name them China-1, China-2, China-3 and so on. At least the world can keep track of them.
Chinese Animal activists do what they can to save many cats+dogs,known as "the forgotten heroes" they too are appalled by the vile treatment inflicted on our furry friends. It is a growing movement+while we still see acts of horrendous torture+cruelty, these people are fighting! 
"It is important that Western governments and citizens take a stand against anti-Chinese xenophobia. But the West also should be careful to ensure that accusations of intolerance are not merely a smokescreen put up by Beijing’s hypocritical authoritarians"  …
Cardi B on the Chinese news 
I ordered a Chinese an hour ago Salt n pepper chicken Chips Fried rice Curry sauce Salt n pepper chow mien They’ve just called to tell me the driver broke down 80% of the way here and he won’t make it Does that mean cause he was almost here, that I still get the Chinese ?
Chinese Scammers On Vacation Arrested @WeStand4theFlag @AmericaFirst_57 @aliatra1968 @koi529 @Patti_Sc60 @vgrugan @cecki @Zorea3 @leem12583 @phoneladyctt @rghoc2011 @southerntexan20 @sassyliltwitr @kelleyjsparks @DmTrump45 @pegalomania #KAG2020  …
Bill Gates and spread by the Communist Chinese.
Why do  insist on calling it the "Chinese" coronavirus? Here's why.  … @socofthesacred @ParadoxOfBelief @RDispatches
Cardi being excited about being on the Chinese news Also congratulations @CardiBArchive my 
Thanks all for not forgetting #BoycottMulan. The most shameless is #LiuYifei supports #CCP, the bloodiest regime while enjoying freedom/democracy as a US citizen. She's not the only one, that's why there're so many Chinese violently disrupt overseas #StandWithHongKong 
So I’m at a local Chinese restaurant I’ve never been to trying to support a local business with my friend and it’s the saddest thing.. we’re the only 2 people here and the owner seriously looks broken. It’s gut wrenching.
Yeah yeah yeah everything is racist... Blah Blah Blah Idiots Crackpot Democrat Ayanna Pressley Accuses Republicans of Spreading Racism by Saying "Chinese Coronavirus" and Hurting Chinese Restaurants (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
"All things are difficult before they are easy." — Chinese Proverb Available now:  
Wait I thought I was supposed to go eat Chinese food I'm so confused Please clarify all-knowing-government-expert
“Imagine going to answer the door for your Chinese then seeing your brother shag your best mate in the kitchen x”  …
The Chinese solution was to remove infected people, even those with minimal symptoms, from the home environment until they got better. Those quarantine stadiums, gyms, hotels that everyone saw. That's how it worked. Break family transmission
“Yea so i was thinking that we should deport all Chinese nationals and put high risk immigrants in camps until we figure out what going on.” “And you’re sure this will help with the coronavirus?” “The what?” 
Huawei  in the largest mass atrocity occurring in the world today ... working directly with the Chinese government in Xinjiang to help silence, detain, harass and intimidate Uighur civilians — #AJOpinion, by Benedict 
The big supermarkets are making a fortune right now out of panic buying. Yet spare a thought and support local businesses, your Chinese takeaway, coffee shop, corner shop etc. They are a huge part of  #keepitlocal
Make sure you support your local Chinese businesses as many are struggling right now. Finally I have a valid excuse to buy 30 crab rangoons
Plz arrange new Chinese Corono screening kits @ImranKhanPTI they are cheap and effective.. You have no idea of flu outbreak in Pakistan, we doctors are facing countless patients daily.. We are clueless and scared .. Sanjeeda Ho Ja Yaar
get in loser, we’re going to support our local chinese food businesses
Been interesting to see the fact Chinese people are  presented as them inherently docile, submissive and weak  to westerners, i don't think its enterprising or bold to be individualistic during a pandemic, its actually pretty cowardly ?
This is right across from my office. Racism and xenophobia of this kind have absolutely no place in my district or our country. It’s exactly why I have demanded that our elected officials act responsibly and immediately stop calling COVID-19 the “Chinese” or “Wuhan” Coronavirus.  …
If there's one silver lining to the monstrous stormcloud of coronavirus, it's the possibility that the Chinese will reconsider their readiness to push the pangolin, that most charming & endangered of creatures, into extinction.
I coughed and this Chinese lady moved away from me. Bitch u started it
We must ask China how to do it. We must seek Chinese support to prevent Maldives & our small population from this disaster. We cannot afford to lose a single souls. I like to request @AmbassadorZhang to share Chinese expertise with the Maldives & help us before it’s too late.  …
Just had a chinese takeaway. Our local shop texted all customers asking for support. It was bloody gorgeous! Prawn cracker anyone?
PSA: support your local chinese-owned restaurant, none of this is their fault 
These Italians have broken world record for Spreading Virus in Africa. No Chinese has been detected with #COVID19 in Africa. That tells you how China is serious about containing the pandemic.
I was watching one Chinese News channel this evening just to knw D latest development on Corona Virus and boom the Chinese newscaster started coughting i quickly off my TV, becus prevent is better than cure
Not this generous Chinese man helping the very ones who’ve treated all Asians like the plague with their racist rhetoric.... I would let y’all die  
Chinese can be very stupid. Saw this kind of behavior in Kenya, now this in Nigeria.  …
I was watching a Chinese movie and suddenly one actor started coughing, i immediately switched off my TV. I hate nonsense !
The only solution to #CoronavirusPandemic is cut ties with China #HongKongProtests is actually help a lot for reducing Chinese tourists and contacts with people visiting China, who are mostly pro-CCP people 
“U.S. intelligence analysts also flagged the mysterious Chinese outbreak. The DIA’s National Center for Medical Intelligence, reported in early January that the numbers had quickly mushroomed to 548 sick and 17 dead, an intel official said.”  …
This Wuhan Chinese Coronavirus has people going crazy. Stock up on cigars, not toilet paper.
Because Chinese people vote Liberal.  …
Here's the link: Milan (probably) employs a lot of Chinese seamstress slaves and (probably) smuggles in a lot of Chinese fabrics, then (probably) sells this low quality crap with counterfeit Ferragamo and Prada labels... (probably) a large scale operation by 'Ndrangheta.  …
The people who were trying to blame the Chinese people for the coronavirus, without even knowing how it evolved, should hang their head in shame, lots of billionaires in America, and this man steps up to help.
I’m sure this makes Trump feel great - he can’t supply enough to his own country so a Chinese billionaire is helping out. Thanks Jack Ma!!
I found it rich to hear anti-mystic Bill Maher last night praising Eastern medicine over Western medicine. Eastern medicine is based on ancient mysticism,particularly Chinese medicine which thinks if you eat certain wild animals it can transfer their energy &strength to your body
I grasp the fact that we need to *deal* with the Communist Chinese, who are a wicked and evil regime. That's just geopolitical reality, like dealing with the Soviets during the Cold War. But to praise them, especially in this context, is appalling. Editors should be accountable.
Chinese billionaire and Alibaba co-founder Jack Ma said he will donate 500,000 coronavirus testing kits and one million face masks to the United States. 
Thanks for sharing your Chinese propaganda, Minister of Fake News. But it’s very clear the virus originated in China based on the fact you all jailed the doctor who tried to tell the world about it, and imprisoned your citizens for daring to speak up and talk about it. Try again.  …
Make no mistake: this literally pro-Communist Chinese propaganda, run also as a secondary matter in service of undermining confidence in the U.S. government.  …
You called people “racist” for not going to Chinese restaurants. And the rest of us laugh at those who voted 4 you
Did the Chinese Communist Party buy NBC. I must have missed the announcement.
i went to my favorite chinese restaurant yesterday where my family and I know the kindest and cutest eldery couple and it was so sad to see them say they have to shut down and i can’t even imagine how targeted they feel. like you can stay safe and not fucking be racist.
Not American. Not German. Not Chinese. Not Italian. Not Indian. Not Nigerian. Not Iranian. Not Russian. Not Mexican. We're all Human, Earthlings. We're all in this together. Remember this please. We're all Hanian; global citizens.
Ep41 is here We discuss a duck based Chinese anti-plague strategy, why you should talk to bees, and we learn about a couple of badasses - a black marshal in the Old West and a Holocaust hero! On iTunes,Spotify etc!  #BigHeads #Podcast #PodernFamily
Chinese propaganda. That’s what.  …
Remember what China looked like before the #Coronavirus? They were protesting for their freedom Then what happened? Do you trust the Chinese? Is this why @9News blocks and doxxes @realDonaldTrump supporters? @TEGNA @FCC 
Chinese agent try to spread the virus in the WH...
Ms. Mojack & I have decided NOT to play Going out for Mexican lunch & Chinese dinner tonight These businesses are suffering. We are NOT going to play If U don't agree, that's fine Just don't personally believe we have any control over "exposure". That ship sailed F**k it. MOO
the way people think just cus someone is Chinese they’ll have corona virus is so gross and ignorant
What happens when coronavirus stops your football league? For one English coach that has been the reality for his Chinese team Nantong Zhiyun since February
I made  by end of this year I must be able to speak fluent Kikuyu and Luo. I'm determined. It has not been easy but I'm making serious progress. These are local indigenous languages that we should all learn instead of rushing to learn French and chinese.
I'm often asked why I've  "so anti-China." My response is always that I'm not anti-China at all; I still love China and the Chinese people. I'm anti-CCP and two things caused that: #XiJinping and #Xinjiang. Concentration camps do that to some people. 
“Wash your hands for 20 seconds!” we’re ordered. Were Chinese told this? Italians, Spanish, French? Did they do as they were instructed? Did the British victims wash their hands? So, does it work? Will washing my hands protect me if I avoid close contact with infected people?
I don’t know why some  at me and try to change my perspective while I’m the kind of patriotic Japanese who woke up from all the brainwashing education here teaching that Japan was evil. I researched enough to know I had been brainwashed. Do the same, or stay away.
Huge number of Chinese nationals regularly visiting both NZ and Australia. I’m sure that plays into it.
The Chinese approach to containment of the virus, clearly explained step by step.  …
i coughed and the Chinese moved away from me. nigga u started it
This is the point that needs to be emphasized. All the disinformation about the origins of the Wuhan coronavirus  from the Chinese. It's a conscious strategy to deflect blame for their bungling of the initial response. H/t  …
#DYK why most Chinese medical experts to Italy are from Sichuan Province? In 1988, Italy helped it establish its largest emergency medical center In 2008, when it was hit by earthquake, Italy sent 14 doctors and saved 900 lives In 2020, our chance to return the favor 
The Chinese students in my course's fb page do not have glowing words for UK government/institutional strategies... 
What about the finger pointing at Biden, Obama, Europe, the Chinese, anybody else BUT the Trump regime?
ok but where was this energy for china all yall did was put chinese entrepreneurs out of business  …
Going to be away for a few hours Shop for my elderly neighbors Eat at my favorite Chinese restaurant Go to a movie Order THREE scoops at my favorite ice cream shop #NoFear #CoronaVirusUpdate
People praising the supposed Chinese response deserve to be the first ones welded into their apartments.
A Chinese Communist Party-employed “journalist” just attempted to gain entry to the White House press briefing room while running a fever.  …
Sick Chinese national who lives in MA couldn't get tested in the US, so flew to China for testing (which confirmed she was infected) and treatment.  …
This shows the importance of isolating ppl like in Wuhan. It’s time for European govs to show force. As it is now, the authoritian Chinese system is proving to function better than European democracies. European countries have to do smth or lose face 
Someone from China Global News (which is the propaganda arm of the Chinese Communists) attempted to gain entry to the White House press briefing while running a fever. Why would anyone risk the lives of other journalists by showing up sick to work during a pandemic?  …
joined by @PeterXinping we discuss coronavirus, life in japan, lil uzi vert, bidets, hitler, and the male g spot :) ep 9 - chinese bioweapon  … also available on apple + spotify 
This isn't remotely accurate. It's not a vaccine. It's not a fight of US patent vs free distribution, but patent for the developer vs a Chinese government team. And no one's said anything about giving it away for free, and certainly not outside China.  …
You have  the Chinese. The crisis is nearly over for them& instead of putting their tools down and closing their borders they are sending out their own people who have battled at the frontlines and took the virus head on. They are truly what the world needs right now  …
FG seals Chinese restaurant for refusing to serve Nigerians  … via @MobilePunch crazy , then leave Nigeria
Meanwhile people are terrified of eating chinese food.  …
Better advice: buy a gift certificate from your salon, favorite Chinese restaurant, bookseller, etc! Keep the money flowing and keep your distance at the same time!
15 minutes! New rapid test strips for #coronavirus have been developed by  in Hefei, China. #FightVirus More power to Chinese brothers 
People really aren’t eating Chinese food right now??? That’s ok, more for me!!! 
Aha! The Chinese trying to infect the White House!
DHS data finds that Chinese nationals are continuing to arrive at the southern border, with about six being apprehended within the last couple of days. There are now close to 81,000 confirmed cases of the coronavirus in China and 3,180 deaths. 
The Chinese soccer team that was originally stuck in Spain because of the coronavirus outbreak is going back home to try to avoid its rapid spread in Europe, via 
Stop parroting  propaganda. 
Poetic Justice- Trump being taken down by a Chinese virus named after a Mexican beer.
Getting more and more sure this guy is one of those white Sikhs, so I'm now laughing imagining a turbaned white guy telling Chinese Americans to "go back to China"  …
this chinese actress xing fei reposted lisa on weibo promoting to her to her 10M followers YUPPPP 
This is the journalist turned away from the White House press briefing for having a fever. He’s from the outlet CGTN—an English language channel that is Chinese owned. 
The Wuhan (aka Corona) virus panic - brought to you by  Chinese Government, Open Border 'Democrats,' and the Deep State Media! please re-tweet far & wide
What the hell is funding for abortion doing in the Chinese CoronaVirus bill?
The novel #coronavirus may cause testicular damage and male infertility, Chinese experts found,  infected men take tests for semen quality and hormone levels. 
The Chinese soccer team that was originally stuck in Spain because of the coronavirus outbreak is going back home to try to avoid its rapid spread in Europe, via 
Chinese President Xi Jinping visited the #coronavirus epicenter of Wuhan for the first time since the disease emerged. More @business :  #CoronaOutbreak #Covid_19 
I coughed and the Chinese moved away from me. Nigga u started it
Chinese government : STOP yulin festival! - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange
In Lombardy (governed by far-right) besides Chinese doctors, they are also getting help from Venezuelan and Cuban doctors. This while assistance from Europe and US has been erm “wanting”. The situation is quite surreal.
Oh God, the contrast between the behaviour of the two countries is shocking - The #Chinese are sending Health Experts to #Iraq to help them deal with #COVIDー19 while on the same day, the #US drop bombs on Iraq, killing soldiers and Police men...  from the  …
A video released shows Chinese Medical Doctors in Wuhan celebrating end of #CoronavirusOubreak and closing of last temporary hospital....Question remains....is this TRUTH or PROPAGANDA?! #ChineseCoronavirus #SaturdayThoughts #VoteRedToSaveAmerica 
My mask tip revealed! On how to wear a mask without messing up your hair. @janewells’ clever take on how Americans and Chinese face the face mask question. @CNBC 
Wuhan's football team has been stranded in Spain for weeks with the Chinese city on lockdown over coronavirus. Now they're fleeing Spain to avoid the virus.  …
i work at a chinese restaurant. this is so annoying and sad. 
Pretty ironic that Asians in the US have been experiencing so much hatred and racism yet Monterey Park and China Town (who have the most Chinese residents in the US) have not had 1 case of the coronavirus. Check your racism.
Chinese agents are not journalists  …
Seriously, these fucks cannot be trusted. Chinese official randomly blames US army for coronavirus - offers no proof  … via @amermilnews
Contemplating the sheer irony of Trump contracting a Chinese flu named after a Mexican beer is giving me life right now.
Chinese culture: Sacrifice your generations wellbeing so your kids have a better life American culture: Sacrifice your kids generations wellbeing so you have a better life Wonder why americans dont care about the old people
Give it to the Chinese they’ll probably breed and sell it for 0.25 a pound
“Chinese owned”? No, CGTN is a propaganda channel, formerly called CCTV-9. It reports directly to the Publicity Department of the Communist Party of China. That’s not a journalist, that’s a Chinese government agent, trying to bring his fever into the White House. Deport. Now.  …
One other thing to learn from the chinese cutlure.... 
No more handshakes? Very Chinese greeting.  …
A new report by the National Intelligence and Security Committee raises red flags involving Chinese and Russian interference in Canadian society and institutions.  …
Wait, I thought we were all supposed to go out to Chinese restaurants
//TC Spoilers: When Ronnie Anne and Sid found out The Casagrandes had a Chinese Family Member. 
honestly how fucking brain dead do you have to be to think the cos of coronavirus is “some Chinese cunt scranning a bat ” careful doll ur racism is showing x
China successfully erected a hospital within ten days to counter Corona virus. The efficiency of Chinese engineers is worth appreciation. Let us not forget to remember another civil engineer Osama Bin Laden who was mercilessly killed by USA. Reporting Sagarika style
This is the same AOC who just a few days ago accused Americans of being racist for not eating in Chinese restaurants. Congrats AOC, you've just contradicted yourself...again.  …
#Thread English | Spanish | Amharic | Arabic | Burmese | Chinese | Dari | Farsi | French | Pashto | Swahili | Tigrinya | Vietnamese | ASL Stay informed. Information is changing frequently. Visit  frequently for #CoronaVirusUpdates. #COVID19 
As someone who knows how the Chinese government went to the ends of the earth to address COVID-19—shutting down all business, mass deploying food shipments, sending workers door to door, building 15 hospitals—and seeing how lax the US gov & people are makes me utterly terrified.
the way chinese people and chinese businesses have been seriously affected by racist stigma from the virus is so sad and disheartening to see, pls support ur local chinese businesses theyve been hurt for no reason i aint see yall boycotting pasta and pizza like this
‘Buy American!’ President Trump To Sign Executive Order Ending Reliance On Chinese Medical Supplies 
Mr Chinese investors, you are very dishonest with your initial response. We agree,Nigeria is getting better, all our foolish leaders that has been  those your discriminatory policies will soon die and be discarded. In a some climes, you will be deported pronto.
A few days she was calling people "racist" for not going to Chinese restaurants... 
Try to find this information on ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, MSNBC, or any media outlet dedicated to puting this who Chinese Wuhan Flu problem on Trump's shoulder while promoting socialized medicine. Your thougts?
Chinese billionaire Jack Ma has pledged to donate 500,000 #coronavirus test kits to the United States!
And Boom  the Beast. RETWEET!!! English Calligraphyht Arabic Calligraphy Chinese Calligraphy  
if you’re still going out to eat in mpls, consider Rainbow Chinese on Nicollet we’re def losing business due to panicking - the food is so bomb and we’re taking every possible precaution to provide delicious and safe dining experiences
These aren't Indians or NRIs. These r Chinese fans of Aamir Khan waiting for him at Shanghai to give him warm  LONG LIVE AAMIR KHAN 
I’m sure all the people who aren’t working will want to spend their money on this persons Shopify website dropshipping cheap Chinese made products.
Vegas Taxi driver told us that some drivers are refusing to pick up people with Chinese sounding names. Never mind that they are unlikely to be tourists and have probably been in America longer than the drivers themselves. Faaark. This is happening. #LifeInThePetriDish
The editor of the Chinese Communist Party’s Global Times accuses the UK government of lacking concern for human rights and humanitarianism in its response to the coronavirus.  …
We should all be thankful. And embarrassed that  to this ... Chinese businessman to donate 500,000 test kits and 1 million masks to the U.S.  via @politico
What about Chinese restaurants?
A member of the Chinese state run media tried to enter a press briefing where he would have been within feet of the President and he’s running a fever of 100.4.  …
Remember the iconic Chinese press tour for Dark Phoenix in which James and Fassbender re-enacted the Paris Engagement.... Life peaked that day 
Topline news from @POTUS brief presser: 1: He has been tested for the Chinese coronavirus 2:  to ban travel from UK/Ireland 3: POTUS advises Americans not to travel unless it is essential 4: Lambasted Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell for interest rates
I was watching a Chinese movie and suddenly one actor started coughing, I immediately switched off my TV. Awon alakoba gbogbo..
Shoaib Akhtar regarding coronavirus "I don’t understand why you have to eat things like bats, drink their blood & urine & spread some virus across the globe. I’m talking about the Chinese people. I really don’t understand how can you eat bats, dogs and cats" #CoronavirusPandemic
Just a few days ago you were accusing people of racism for "not patroning" Chinese restaurants...seems to me you don't know what the hell you are talking about!
We should start a thread of examples on how Confucianism makes Chinese defer to authority. For instance, the end of year tradition of telling all the misdeeds to the Kitchen God so that he can report them accurately. (h/t @bokane)
If we are not going to take the Chinese approach for the whole country then we MUST at least adopt it to aggressively isolate, support and protect our most vulnerable and elderly as that is where the highest death rates will be.
No. It doesn’t, and I’ll tell you why. Italy has a very larger number of Chinese workers specifically from an area called Wenzhou. @eshow1969 noted virus rates skyrocketing there in February. Wenzhounese make up a significant number of European businesses of Chinese diaspora 1/  …
So...you can see that China was lying to the whole world,and all of us understated the effects on the Cornavirus. Therefore,never trust the Chinese officials information.  #ChinaIsAsshoe #coronavirus 
I thought it was racist not to eat at Chinese restaurants
but please also go to chinese restaurants otherwise it’s literally racism
Also AOC: Why aren’t you going to Chinese restaurants, you racist piece of sh*t?   …
India quietly sent a C 17 full of aid to China, an unfriendly (if not hostile) country. While chinese are on full scale PR when the entire blame for this crisis should fall on them.  …
Four days ago, @AOC accused people of racism for not going to Chinese restaurants.   …
y’all will eat ramen every day but walk past chinese restaurants out of fear? Only one of those foods are gonna kill you faster and it ain’t the chicken fried rice 
1942 :: Dr. Dwarkanath Kotnis Was Indian Doctor Who Died In China Serving Chinese People 
Chinese government: Here is a smiling nurse. Western journalists: Eastern Miracle? How the Chinese Could Have Saved the World if Donald Trump had Listened
Example: Report published almost in real-time that described epid characteristics and clinical  of >72K (!) Chinese COVID pts.  … We need way to assess large amounts of clinic and epid data rapidly in US – we need to build that process now 9/x
Chinas  endangered the world US corporations need 2 have hard look at supply chain locations going forward I know this would not be easy given Chinese ports are unmatched BUT being so embedded with China is not worth the risk when other nations are ready & willing
Journalist turned away after temperature screening. His organization appears to be CGTN an English language channel that is Chinese owned. 
Stop using the term "Greater China" - it wipes Taiwanese independence off the map. Stop bending the knee to the Chinese Communist Party.  …
“We should not be fooled by Chinese authorities’ trumpeting their achievement – their version of events rests at least in part on censorship and a cover-up of the outbreak.”  … #Coronavirus
No, #Covid_19 isn’t “a biological weapon”, most probably a terrible case of animal to human contagion No, isn’t donating equipment to , is being sold and the few donations are intended for Chinese citizens there No, hasn’t invented a cure, is just Interferon alpha-2b
Nigerian government shuts Chinese restaurant for discriminating against Nigerians 
didn't you just tell us the other day to go get chinese food?
While Donald Trump was publicly blaming the Europeans for CoronaVirus... ...the Chinese were doing this. The world may well be a bit different after this is over.  …
Liberal media losers want you to think that Trump is racist for referring to the coronovirus as the “Wuhan” or “Chinese” virus. Here is just a few times the liberal media did just that! Follow Me! @JayTheJayhawker RT this Tweet! Add your @handle Follow All! 
crazy anecdote here about a Chinese worker living in Massachusetts who got infected with coronavirus, literally couldn’t get tested in America, so they flew back to China to get treatment  …
How stupid is this?! They're asking Coronavirus to go away in English and Hindi! It's a Chinese virus. They should talk to it in Mandarin! 
Chinese billionaire to send US 500,000 coronavirus test kits, 1 million face masks  
My boy is a dentist & said his Chinese supplier wont sell him any gloves or masks right now. Not that theyre out but theyre keeping them for China. This is really the problem w/ letting all manufacturing happen outside your country. You dont make shit to have it when u need it
Chinese Century Eggs should be banned, but they're not so we ate them. 
First #Covid19 case as early as November 17th, according to Chinese government records  …
Remember what China looked like before the #Coronavirus? They were protesting for their freedom Then what happened? Do you trust the Chinese? Is this why @9News blocks and doxxes @realDonaldTrump supporters? @DenverElections @GOPDenver @TEGNA 
I do mean of course the Chinese government, I’ve always liked the Chinese people.
 to hear that a quarantine in the US wouldn't work like in China bc "we're a democracy" or whatever but Chinese citizens weren't quarantined against their will. Even western reporters admitted that the overwhelming majority of Wuhan supported the quarantine.
what kind of chaos do you get when you cross a chinese bear with NH3 panda-ammonium
Life under Lockdown (1). I'm thinking, the way things are going, that some information about how (lab) life under lockdown is might be useful as most of this is currently in Chinese or Italian. Here's my first bit  …
Chinese doctors in Wuhan shared their experience with #COVIDー19 control with their counterparts in #Italy. Great things are happening. If we can control it in , it will be good news for other EU countries, including . Link  @AmbCina 
The Nigga in Chinese restaurant said “I NO been out country we here everyday”......u know what... he got a point!!! ...”Fry them wings hard for me bruh”!!!
The Nigerian authorities closed down the Chinese establishments refusing to serve black people in nigeria. With a swiftness! Everyone should start reporting
Chinese businessman to donate 500,000 test kits and 1 million masks to the U.S.  via @politico
Only 2 stupid tattoos but a lot more  soon 1- a matching with my bestfriend 2- means “to protect” but if my mom asks its her name in chinese thats the only way i calmed her down before she whooped my ass  … 
#China’s rise may not be inevitable There are serious obstacles to making the #Chinese strategic vision a geopolitical reality A good read  …
Sneak peak of MadMotor Channel latest episode, Drifting Model 3 Performance Track Mode V2 | Driven by Drift Goddess (Echo Gao) Chinese Drift Driver. Find her on Instagram: tdapdrmp  #Tesla #TeslaChina #Model3 #Performance #DriftMode #特斯拉 #中国 
The Chinese government’s senior medical adviser, who is credited with helping stop the SARS outbreak, says the pandemic could be contained by the summer if countries mobilize to take decisive measures.  … #UKGoverment #coronavirus
Moved by the videos of quarantined Italians and Chinese ppl singing in unison with their whole apartment blocks but it really shows how Americans don’t have any songs to sing and aren’t a real nation
Thanks for notes of support as we work to bring you answers everyday. Some others: “What do you expect from an illegal?? Have you been tested, you Chinese?You’re nasty and disgusting.” It’s a privilege + responsibility to do my job for all Americans, no matter your opinion of me.  …
Chinese shoppers are slowly returning to the glitzy malls and boutiques as coronavirus quarantine measures relax 
Most of pro-CCP people are like this: disgusting, self-emboldened & shameless. You Chinese forgot USAhas donated medical supplies & money to you during your toughest situation under #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak? & now you threaten to kill Americans by stopping medicine supply?
Those godamn, no good, bat eating, Chinese sons a bitches. 'Merica! USA! Am I doing it right?  …
As the #Coronavirus dominates the news cycle and doctors race to find a treatment for #Covid_19, it may be worth investigating the role that Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) can play in helping to prevent the disease.  …
I went to the grocery store today and the lines at the register weren’t even that bad. (I refused to take the receipt). I saw some chinese guy sneeze at the meat section and the guy next to him sprinted away. Another guy had like half a dozen packages of toilet paper in his cart.
Guess what I saw plenty of at a Chinese owned supermarket? Bottled water, toilet paper, meat, rice, & canned food. Guess what I didn’t see there? Frantic disaster prepping white people.
If you weren't taking the Chinese #WuhanCoronavirus seriously before now, you probably should. This is a logical & prudent step in military counter #pandemic operations to protect the ability to conduct their  …
some chinese guy just tried to run up on my cat I sprayed him with hand sanitizer he's been convulsing on my front porch for 17 minutes so far
Chinese grandmother, 103, recovers from coronavirus after being treated for less than a week  …
Shame Yang's is closing after 18 years. Hoping someone takes it over as a restaurant, Chinese or otherwise. (It was Sorrento's Italian before that.). 
most workers at chinese restaurants have no time to travel because they’re here working 24/7 to support their families... one of them I know hasn’t seen their kid in two years because they’ve been working at the restaurant to support their studies in NY
Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Zhao Lijian let the world know more clearly the name of the virus: Wuhan 
- Federal government shut down Chinese restaurant that allegedly declined services to Nigerians in Lagos.  
This virus has a name. Covid-19. Maybe just call it by its name rather than trying to rebrand it as the Wuhan virus, Chinese coronavirus, or the Asian flu (new one that I saw that today)? You’ll sound smarter and less xenophobic. Or are we trying to bring “gay cancer” back, too?
Chinese ambassadors and foreign ministry spox have repeated it. It’s trickled down into our own national conversation. A Harvard economist recently repeated that line on NPR: “China really did great work in buying the rest of us time."  …
why does everyone assume i’m filo i’m fluent in english and chinese (cantonese and mandarin) and i am moderate in korean and german...that’s all...omg i literally have to google translate all your filo replies i barely understand anything omg
Chinese President Xi Jinping sent messages to leaders of EU, Italy, Iran and South Korea, thanking them for helping China in times of need, pledging continued support to their fight against #coronavirus and urging unity and coordination in addressing the global 
Watched Chinese doctors,nurses and other disease experts, arrive in Italy, carrying with them medical equipment,masks, breathing machines etc/donations to Italy!China having contained it's own threat  to aid EU! How things change!
As of 03.14 23:00 BJT, Chinese BLINKs have collected enough money to purchase 119,893 copies of BLACKPINK’s  album (non-shipping back + shipped back to China). @ygofficialblink 
There is a simultaneous demand AND supply crunch. No one is restocking anything, it all came from overseas. The inventory was all just-in-time and they turned off the supply chain, there is no aid from Chinese factories to save you, all US manufacturing long exported. This is it.  …
People who don’t see wrong in what the Chinese restaurant did are from the lineage of those who sold their brothers for gunpowder , powder and mirror.
Last night, while maintaining my social distance, I had dinner at a neighborhood Chinese rest. A model of a small business owned by a woman. #MN05
#Kid: Chinese are busy spreading the Corononavirus #Adult: Israeli are busy discovering some antidote of Coronavirus #Legend: Indians are making Songs and memes on Coronavirus
FG seals Chinese restaurant for refusing to serve Nigerians 
State Dep. 'hauled in' Chinese ambo—then put China 'on notice' for lying to world, blaming America for coronavirus 
bro this is fuckin crazy The Chinese government is starting propaganda trying to say the United States started the virus. & the Chinese people are...believing them... Twitter is even BANNED in China but there seems to be thousands of bots/new accounts spreading  …
Keep these  Don’t forget about how the darlings stole from their charities and are now banned from charity boards, getting Chinese trademarks, and WH security clearances. These grifters gotta go! 
Watch how #CoronaVirus came, spread & became a pandemic. See how Chinese Government let this deadly monster spread for one fcukin whole month before informing the world. ONE WHOLE MONTH. 
There are some buildings on the island specifically reserved for Chinese expatriates, as a Nigerian if you attempt to rent, you will be denied.. only Chinese residents are allowed, This should be looked into also.
Full-time  are now part-time  So impressed about Chinese dictatorial state! Hmm..  …
Thank you for your vital input, I’m sure the Chinese government has learned a lot here
The Nigerian consumer protection agency has closed down a Chinese restaurant in Lagos because it had an active policy of turning Nigerian diners away and refused to serve them.  …
Chinese scientist are raising concerns that Coronavirus might impact male fertility. This is not a normal “flu” viruses. I’m staying inside for the next month.  …
500K coronavirus test kits, 1 million masks to be given to U.S. by Chinese billionaire Jack Ma  …
#KickItChallenge @NCTsmtown_127 a mix of chinese culture and modern i have no nice clothings to wear :” n that kick was not the best hope you enjoy it tho #NCT127 #NCT127KickIt #NCT127_영웅_英雄 #NCT127_KickIt 
State Department summons Chinese ambassador over 'blatant' disinformation campaign on coronavirus History has proven that the Communist Chinese regime LIES My shocked face -><- DNCMSM repeats Chinese government lies 
This is a Trudeau spokesman saying that it’s “better” to allow Chinese migrants to fly to Canada (1,000/day) so we can “track” them. This is madness. But it’s also a lie — they’re not tracking anyone. They’re not screening anyone. Trudeau himself has that 1,000-yard stare again.  
Need to adopt political distancing. Senior Chinese figures claim coronavirus was a CIA plot. Senior American figures, like @SenTomCotton, pinning “Chinese virus” on Beijing. Timely reminder that each country suffers from nationalist nutjobs. Screen them out.
Fact: In the last few months alone, 341 Chinese nationals have been apprehended trying to illegally cross the southern border Democrats want this border open Yet they think Trump is not doing enough to protect Americans from the coronavirus?
Well... Only after the #US govt pushed the Conspiracy Theory that the #CoronaVirus was created in a Chinese laboratory.  …
If you live like a Chinese, you will die like a Chinese. NEVER ride a bicycle.  …
Just heard a auntie saying "don't keep the photos of those cHinEsE men in your phone, you might get corona virus" and I've never been so pissed wtf-
Euphoria by #Jungkook @BTS_twt was played on 'Youth With You' a Chinese Survival Show where Chinese  to be members of a girl group. 
#MadeInUSA #VoteRedToSaveAmerica State Dep. 'hauled in' Chinese ambo—then put China 'on notice' for lying to world, blaming America for coronavirus #KAG #Trump2020 #2A4Life #WWG1WGA #Veterans  …
Come on, this is stupid. Also, did you condemn Chinese state-owned media for doing it?  …  …  …  …   …
Remember what China looked like before the #Coronavirus? They were protesting for their freedom Then what happened? Do you trust the Chinese? Is this why @9News blocks and doxxes @realDonaldTrump supporters? @ACLJ 
Expecting  and results is not "politicizing" the Corona virus. Telling everybody it's just like the flu and a "Chinese" problem is.
#Italy is paying the price for its linkages with #China.  have ruined their own society, and now they are bringing down others. #ItalyCoronavirus  …
500K coronavirus test kits, 1 million masks to be given to U.S. by Chinese billionaire Jack Ma  …
#SadarPranam to Ishvara within u @Javedakhtarjadu . It’s absolutely fake information. @Swamy39 wasn’t thrown out of @Harvard but called to occupy the chair on Chinese studies at the Delhi School of Economics #AmartyaSen . Get your facts right! Then his appointment was  …
I didn’t see that  Chinese stores open - closed everywhere else.  …
The Criminal Chinese Communist Party Led By Xi The Pooh is now unleashing those CCP trolls to suppress any information about the spread of #ChinaVirus on Mainland China. #MakeChinaPay #BoycottChina #HongKongers LT @jenniferatntd English 
A chinese businessman donating to the American people...  …
If #Italy had suspended flights from #China earlier, would it have needed Chinese aid? @anneapplebaum, consider Beijing's "aid" as reparations. #CoronavirusPandemic  …
No, The Chinese accusation against the U.S. is patently false and malicious. But Trump officials calling it the Wuhan virus is also provocative and needlessly confrontational. We need to pull together globally and stop the blame game.  …
This virus is really showing up the vile ideology of nationalist populism isn't it? Trump calls it a "foreign virus" and blames the Chinese, and what do the Chinese do? Send a delegation of medics to Italy to advise and assist. This is humanitarianism.
Agreed but January 11th Chinese scientists posted genome of covid19. Within week virologists in Berlin produced first diagnostic test for the disease. Why did we start late? Why didn’t we accept the WHO test? Why did we dismantle the pandemic response operation Obama created?
The media has got to be hoping that now that we're all staying home, without sports to watch, that we'll be their nice little captive audience again, soaking in their Chinese propaganda. Bwahahahaha! Nope.
Kudos to Jack Ma. Chinese businessman to donate 500,000 test kits and 1 million masks to the U.S.  via @politico
Here’s a poignant encounter in Manhattan, between a Chinese Lyft driver and a mask-wearing friend Friend: Btw I’m not sick Driver: On my car,  in ur mask. I won’t judge. I’d wear a mask myself if I weren’t driving Lyft. Friend: Why not? ... 
The Chinese are something else. They ignored the West's nasty, petty digs, hunkered down to tackle COVID-19, got it done, and are now offering help & experience to all. That's what you call a Global Leader.  …
OMG! 20 YEARS THIS OLD BAT SPENT WITH HER #Chinese DRIVER/SPY and POOF! Another #Democrat scandal whisked off into the sunset, never to be addressed again!
This is helpful. Because I showed the Chinese rates, I was told I can’t trust those numbers. This not only validates, it strengthens the fact that people my age and younger aren’t dying.. like, at all.  …
The eventual lesson from #COVID19 will be that neither the Chinese model of excessive government, nor the US model of insufficient government are the right way to go. Competent governance with transparency & bottom up participation all the way. SK & Taiwan as models.  …
Chinese medical teams aiding #Italy in battling the #COVID19 pandemic started their work immediately after arriving in Rome. This true act of friendship has deeply touched the Italian people, who expressed their gratitude on social media platforms.  
Chinese asking for HUGS in Italy in February Very Sadly Italy is extremely hard hit with Coronavirus. Pray for them 
Since Chinese New Year,my family’ve been staying at home safely.I’m working on the script for vol.2 of the trilogy. Hearing more than 100000 French audiences supporting our film,we’d like to send our deepest gratitude. Wish everyone worldwide good health.Pray from my hometown. 
Usec. Vergeire on @DZMMTeleRadyo says out of the 111 COVID-19 cases, only 2 have been discharged - 2 Chinese nationals who recovered (PH 1 and PH 3). So no new recoveries so far. | via @kristinesabillo
I had a talk w. kids in Shanghai a few years ago. They had been taught that Mao & Soviets drove Japan out of China. Of course, the Soviets refused to fight Japan until after the bomb dropped on Hiroshima & then ran in to loot & seize Chinese territory. Kept Manchuria for years.
Bravo! Developing countries are particularly vulnerable to the virus. A team of Chinese health experts are in Iraq to help the country contain the coronavirus outbreak. 
Naming this sinister virus after the geography of its origin has nothing to do with racism.Infact,allowing the Chinese Communist Party to develop its own name for the virus so it can propagandize it’s own narrative is assisting the pure evil of CCP. I’m surprised  …
Something to keep in mind... The Communist Chinese Government is responsible for the Wuhan Virus NOT the Chinese people. The Chinese people are the victims of the tyrannical Communist Chinese Government.
Look what the Chinese propaganda was pushing in Italy in February @realDonaldTrump was right about China! China is the evil 
#Italy learnt it the Hard Way. 1) Cheap #Chinese labor Not Cheap. 2) Free Hug from #Chinese Not Free. Linking #china 1 Bribe 1 Road .... #wuhanvirus #birdflu #swineflu ..... Stairway to Heaven or  …
"It's YOUR fault that people are freaking out here... you're the scum of the earth... I don't even blame the Chinese... it's YOU ALL that are hyping things up." Don't mess with Texas. Or with Texans. 
Chinese govt expanding propaganda campaign that coronavirus came from US. This is dangerous and critically irresponsible behavior. Especially in a US election period.  …
Alternative headline: Chinese billionaire so flabbergasted by the lack of preparedness of the US that he decides to chip in and provide what the American government couldn’t provide to its people  …
Chinese businessman to donate 500,000 test kits and 1 million masks to the U.S. 
Wife's mum calls from China. She 82. Been in lockdown in care home for 2 months. She feels Chinese government is taking all steps to protect her/vulnerable people. She's seen @BorisJohnson speech/plan.... SHE'S RINGING US TO MAKE SURE WE ARE SAFE
*Any new species of animal exists* Chinese : 
Let's not forget folks that: (1.) The Chinese  (2.) History shows that China are some of the most notorious liars! State Department summons Chinese ambassador over 'blatant' disinformation campaign on coronavirus  …
Chinese Pres Xi Jinping concocts wild theories to blame foreign visitors for the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan. He may as well blame Winnie the Pooh.  
Chinese billionaire to send US 500,000 coronavirus test kits, 1 million face masks  
Take this moment to remember... Democrat Dianne Feinstein who was on  that handled CLASSIFIED INFO and who played a major role in the Russia Collusion Coup to oust Trump who was the 1st politician to confront China had a Chinese spy on her staff for 20 years.
"Americans threatened by the outbreak, like the Soviet people in 1986 or the Chinese in 2020, will not be fooled for long when their lives are threatened," writes Serge Schmemann 
. @layzhang's 'Goodbye Christmas (Chinese Version)' has surpassed 1 MILLION streams on Spotify. It's his 17th song reach this mark.  …
A Chinese restaurant has been shut down in Victoria Island, Lagos State for refusing to allow Nigerians sit and eat inside the restaurant. Only Chinese customers are given full services, Nigerians can only order take away packs. 
talking about COVID-19 as "China virus" or "Wuhan virus" is really, really, REALLY bad it's naked xenophobia, and it creates the illusion that the danger is not in the virus, but in the virus's origin, its foreigness (Trump: "foreign virus") origin = essence, essence = Chinese
Not much talk about those massive Chinese/Hong Kong protests anymore huh?
Chinese experts who came to #Italy to contribute to the fight against the #COVID19 reported that the Italian measures against the pandemic are correct. #China 
Beijing city just discloses an "imported" infection. A Chinese national, resident of Massachusetts, surnamed Li黎, had symptoms inclu. fever since March 1 in US, asked for #coronavirus test in US THREE TIMES, all denied testing. She flew back to China on March 12
Chinese President Xi Jinping visited the #coronavirus epicenter of Wuhan for the first time since the disease emerged. More @business :  #CoronaOutbreak #Covid_19 
I'm still seeing racist shit about "weird" Chinese eating practices/food prep, and just wanna let Americans know that we are not in thr position to talk. A listeria or e.coli outbreak happens MONTHLY. We couldn't eat romaine lettuce not too long ago.
Chinese billionaire Jack Ma is donating 500,000 #COVID19 test kits to help bolster America’s capacity to fight the global #coronavirus outbreak, amid broad criticisms for the way Donald Trump has bungled the handling of the 
It’s a conspiracy, a Chinese made biological weapon predicted by a book The Eyes of Darkness 40 years ago. The virus is an attempt by Chinese to control population without the use of force or war.  …
Just been told by a colleague that a direct flight from London Heathrow to Shanghai Pudong was full of Chinese students, who were scared of Boris Johnson and didn't want to be part of #HerdImmunity, and appalled by UK Higher  strategy #COVID19 #Coronavirus
But wait o, is it not better to be bounced at a Chinese Restaurant than to be poisoned there If you force them to start serving blacks, what happens when they start poisoning our foods? Those type of poisons that take effect after 2 to 3 days... Just thinking out loud.
Hasn’t a mixed picture emerged regarding China’s response to #covid? - disastrous early cover-up - subsequently, firm containment measures which seem to have worked well - doubts over credibility of numbers infected - real bravery of Chinese doctors, nurses and many others  …
Ok so among Colombo tuk tuk drivers racism has shifted from Muslims to Chinese. Now they say how good the Muslims are cos no corona patients  from Muslim countries and that the Chinese should be chased away!
The ability for the chinese government to build 16 hospitals in 10 days has to be one of the greatest government and engineering marvels in modern times. I hope the US & other western countries learn from this... 
Chinese doctors in Italy are especially emphasising 2 facts : 1. Detect quickly & 2.Quarantine/Isolate quickly. BBC Report
Why is the mainstream media uncritically regurgitating Chinese propaganda?  …
Waking up to see that the Chinese “information” minister blocked me. It’s going to be a good day. 
Dr. Li sent out his warning to his friends on 30 Dec. China reported to WHO on 31 Dec. There's no cover up. If the Chinese govt locked down the city 3 weeks earlier as you suggested, on the basis of 27 pneumonia cases you would have blamed China for overreacting.  …
Good !!! Mobile Companies specially Chinese are using FTA to hide behind port of origin and claim expemptions. Indirect way to make them pay up.  …
Today, in Things That Make You Think: Are we sure that Mar-a-Loco isn't the source of the #MaralagoVirus and visitors there didn't take the virus back to their home countries? Remember the Chinese women who were arrested there?  …
"An alarming unintended consequence of Pres Trump's misguided trade war with China has suddenly threatened to cripple the US fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. The admin's tariffs on Chinese medical products may contribute to shortages and higher costs."  …
Must read on Chinese disinformation on the Wuhan virus  …
Only a month ago US diplomats told Ethiopia that a Chinese built Center for Disease Control was a "threat to Africa" and it would "collect their data for espionage". This was reported dually without scepticism or scrutiny by the Financial Times. But Lijian Zhao is the bad guy?
I coughed and the Chinese moved away from me. Nigga you started it tf
Good morning to everyone except the Chinese agents
The Chinese version of the Global Times publishes a sharp criticism against Sweden's approach to the coronavirus. In an editorial, Sweden is said to be "highly irresponsible" for having "surrendered" to the epidemic.  …
Chinese grandmother, 103, recovers from coronavirus after six days. How about some good news.  … via @MailOnline
Yes the claim the Coronavirus originated in the U.S is not proven, but neither are: 1) allegations against Huawei 2) allegations against TikTok 3) allegations against Chinese subway cars 4) allegations against Chinese disease control centers And so on, see the difference?
#NBCNews spreading Chinese propaganda If you even had to run this story & you didn't The second line should have been "The Chinese claim runs counter to all legitimately available information" Instead you helped them with a disinformation operation  …
LISTEN to the would be World Leaders of the WHO, World Bank, PR firms, MSM, Chinese CDC, Lufthansa talk openly about how they are manipulating you & centralizing control of the message. #COVID19 #Pandemic (video from October, 2019, Event  …
Italy allowed 100,000 Chinese workers from Wuhan to move to Italy to work in Textiles factories, with direct flights between Wuhan and Northern Italy. This continued post outbreak, so is it any wonder that Northern Italy is now Europe’s hotspot for Corona Virus?
Iran's senior vice president and two of his cabinet members tested positive for the Chinese coronavirus on Wednesday.  …
If Chinese politicians make a nonsensical allegation against America, it is dismissed by the media as a "conspiracy theory". However American politicians have made unproven allegations of spying against just about everything pertaining to China, and the media reports it as fact.
The Chinese control the media #FoxAndFriends #Coronavirus #Trump #kAG #SaturdayMorning #SaturdayMotivation #Tcot #Ccot #Trump2020 
Their deceit led to spread and suppression of information led to a whole scale pandemic. Chinese state mustn’t be given a free pass response by the Chinese state thereafter controlled the virus within the borders at a cost (human misery) & value that we’d never know  …
From Technology to Semi Conductors to APIs. Its time rest of the world need to self sufficiency in critical things to reduce Chinese blackmail. And this momentum would increase after COVID19 crisis. It will put more strain on Made in China 2025 & China Dream 2049.
12% of all confirmed #COVID19 cases in Italy required ICU admission, more than double than the chinese experience (5%)  …
No, because it is referring to the fact that the Chinese people live under a tyrannical CCP-led regime. When you repeat that regime’s talking points you are assisting them in not only oppressing the Chinese people, but also hiding the truth from the AMERICAN people.  …
SOHU’s CEO Zhang (Chinese  weibo is under them) discovered Wen Junhui and he kinda interacted with a few Carat on his feed lol SEVENTEEN WORLD DOMINATION 
Reaction to news that Chinese billionaire Jack Ma is donating #coronavirus testing kits to the US. 
Wild. Chinese citizen living in US reportedly thought she had coronavirus but couldn't get tested, so went back to Beijing where they were quickly tested and sent to hospital.  …
[RT] We are looking for more: • Korean to English translators • Chinese to English translators if you are interested in being a part of our team, please DM us, Thank you
I don’t know when our media became so enamored with Chinese propagandists, but it’s doing no one any favors. It’s irresponsible.
“Second, Chinese grocery stores profited because of the institutional racism that targeted former slaves.  inflated the prices of goods to keep former slaves in debt.”  …
Tens of thousands of Chinese workers in northern Italy. I wonder if that has anything to do with Italy having a hard time with the virus? Maybe they should the workers home to China! Oh no we can’t do that because that’s RACIST !!!
From dim sum restaurant closures to empty senior centers: How a Chinese immigrant neighborhood is struggling amid xenophobia during the coronavirus outbreak  …
A leading Chinese physician has stressed that it is " extremely urgent" to carry out as soon as possible epidemiological surveys, on both nucleic acid and serum antibody in the infected, in major regions hit by the #coronavirus outbreak. #Covid_19
My local Turkish, Greek and Chinese stores are 90% normal while the supermarkets are berserk. Support your local store if you have one.
Seeing the death rate in Italy & Iran i don’t buy Chinese facade. They have lied to the world about fatality rate of #Wuhanvirus ! Fear mass incarcerations in China carried out its white washing it now behind all is well claims. Its a rogue state & time world treats it like one.
After heading to Italy to help address the coronavirus pandemic there, Chinese experts now going to Iraq. PR coup for Beijing.  …
Thanks for protecting Americans from the Chinese Coronavirus from the very beginning, President Trump...even though Democrats still don’t want you putting Americans first! The continuing rebound of the Stock Market will be just further proof of the great job you’re doing!
Anticipating more overseas  back for treatment, Beijing has announced new policy about the fees. Currently treatment is free. For those returning from abroad, if they are enrolled in the national health insurance system then it's free. If not it's self paid.
Did China send medical aid to Italy or did Italy pay for Chinese medical supply because of #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak in Italy?
Yes Tony the disease that the Chinese government failed to contain is trumps fault
While the US military troops are killing Iraqis, Chinese health experts have been sent to #Iraq, fighting #coronavirus. 
. @Huawei is now trying to persuade us that Communist Party organisations in  are utterly powerless when   decisions. Comrade Xi Jinping presumably approves of this. The politruks are mere pussycats  …
Can’t believe reading this line from Yonden Lhatoo, a reliably Beijing friendly SCMP editor “Twitter should ban Zhao for “spreading misinformation”. Why are Chinese officials even using Twitter in the first place when it’s is prohibited in China?”  …
The latest imported case in Beijing is a Chinese national who lives and works in Massachusetts. One of her coworkers was diagnosed with covid-19. She began to have symptoms 2 weeks ago. Her chest CT scan on 11/3 showed lung infections but couldn't get admitted. She requested
The Coronavirus is the first thing the Chinese have made that has lasted longer than a month
After exporting Wuhan Virus too all over the world, China is now counting imported COVID19 cases. Chinese Propaganda has no limit!!  …
Senator, thank you for the sentiment, but please stop calling #COVID19 a “Chinese coronavirus.” Doing so participates in misinformation and a dangerously xenophobic mentality. This is a global pandemic.
How are the Italian restaurants in Australia surviving at this time? Where are their calls to dine with them? I love Italian food. And I love Chinese food. But it almost seems as if the mass avoidance of Chinatowns was due to thinly veiled racism
Chinese health experts share experiences in fighting #coronavirus with their counterparts from Central and Eastern European countries via video conferences. -- Xinhua Headlines: China showcases spirit of sharing by offering CEE countries #COVID19 insights  
covid19 wave is slowing down in China & as usual Chinese ends up in their usual retort "Imported virus to challenge the sovereignty of People's Republic of China"
China believes college-educated people will believe and spread this fake news! Propaganda A top Chinese official says  government has been “open and transparent” about #coronavirus.  via @FredLucasWH @DailySignal
racists criticising chinese wet markets when there’s literally a family carvery killing and eating people called Toby in the UK
Shoaib Akhtar saying Chinese people eat bats, dogs , cats and they drink their urine and blood ..  …
Please don’t ridicule people for “overreacting” to the Chinese coronavirus. They’re just trying to protect their families, workers, students, athletes—all of us, really. Instead, think how you can help those in need.
Chinese President #XiJinping sends messages of sympathy to European Council President Charles Michel and European Commission Chief Ursula von der Leyen over #COVID19 outbreak  
U.S. Borders Flooded with Foreign Nationals from Coronavirus Countries ... Chinese Nationals continue to Arrive at border, with about six apprehended within the last couple of days Do you believe Chinese arriving is an Accident !!??!!  …
I’m not going to lie it’s frustrating watching Cuban and Chinese doctors rush to save Italy while no help is offered to Iran unsuccessfully fights #coronavirus due to U.S sanctions.
I was watching a Chinese movie and suddenly one actor started coughing, quickly I switched off my TV. Awon alakoba oshi
You know what gets me angry? People sharing how Italians sing amid the quarantines. In and of itself, that's beautiful. My only problem is, I never saw the same people who share this, share the same thing when it was happening in Wuhan. It was "those fucking Chinese" then.
Agreed but January 11th Chinese scientists posted genome of covid19. Within week virologists in Berlin produced first diagnostic test for the disease. Why did we start late? Why didn’t we accept the WHO test? Why did we dismantle the pandemic response operation Obama created?
The biggest mistake for Hong Kong protesters was to use violence, says a Chinese student in Germany who refuted those backing Hong Kong rioters. 
#BREAKING: In messages of sympathy sent to European Council President Charles Michel and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, Chinese President Xi Jinping said China is ready to provide assistance and help the EU  the outbreak at an early date. 
I found out Sage played Chinese checkers with a friend yesterday! Don’t worry! I immediately bathed her in counterfeit @7eleven hand sanitizer and quarantined her careless ass for 90 days! #StaySafe
Thursday’s allegations from the Chinese Foreign Ministry that the Wuhan coronavirus originated in America and was spread to China by the U.S. military was not a fluke or an example of a rogue spokesman running his mouth. 
It's interesting how the Chinese Government shifted its narrative in the past 3 months. Wet seafood market, bats, snakes, pangolins have been rotated on stage to play the "culprit" role. Now it wants another version of story, then it  the US military people to blame.
"I don't understand why you have to eat things like bats, drink their blood and urine and spread some virus across the globe. The Chinese people have put the world at stake," said former Pakistan cricketer #ShoaibAkhtar. #Coronavirus  …
“中国人在韩国唱日文歌” a chinese person in korea singing a japanese song this is still the funniest shit ever wang yibo asian domination 
Every university in the country has Chinese nationals doing research. We are being robbed blind daily. Stop IP theft now @realDonaldTrump
COVID-19: Chinese healthcare workers seem to have defeated the threat. Cuba has big pool of medical personnel. Jamaica needs to put in a request before every other country grabs them. (We were early, getting Cuban nurses).  …
‘How can you eat bats and dogs’ - Shoaib Akhtar lambastes Chinese for causing Coronavirus outbreak  … The same question we are asking your #Koum since ages how can you eat cattle animals? Same logic applies.
To be political correct in regards to the Chinese propaganda, #WuhanVirus should be called #ChinaVirus We all know how fragile #CCP is that they hate independence #BoycottChina
Bravo China ! Chinese health experts share their knowledge and experience in fighting the corona virus with their peers from Central and Eastern Europe countries in a video conference. Time to learn from each other! 
OPPOSITION, WHERE ARE YOU?! @lenirobredo @TrillanesSonny @kikopangilinan @ChelDiokno @erintanada This is your chance to inform the public of this horrifying truth: Duterte  into the PH 500,000! Chinese during the peak of COVID-19 epidemic in China:  …
Whilst people get outraged about fake news from anonymous accounts, here’s the ITV political editor encouraging people with #Covid_19 not to self-isolate, based on  mis-interpretation of what action the Chinese took. Totally irresponsible and potentially lethal  …
In a message of sympathy recently sent to South Korean President Moon Jae-in, Chinese President Xi Jinping said China will continue to provide as much assistance as it can to South Korea to support the latter's fight against the #COVID19 outbreak  
Mass exodus out of metro Manila is eerily reminiscent of how the Chinese from Wuhan scrambled to leave during their lockdown. We all know how that turned out. Self quarantine once you get to your destination! #FlattenTheCurve
This is Chinese propaganda. The CCP is trying to paint itself as a global leader in tackling the coronavirus crisis despite being fully responsible for the outbreak in the first place.  …
The most popular way to explore the breathtaking Halong Bay in vietnam is by boarding a Junk Boat. Junk Boats have been sailing on the world’s waters from as far back as 2nd century AD. A junk is a type of Chinese sailing ship developed during the Song dynasty (960–1279).... 
In NCT life, kun actually says why they got to the front so quickly. However, cuz the director could't understand Chinese, he translated kun's words into "very interesting" according to the pronunciation 他们走那么前面了（ta men zou na me qian mian） 너무재미나(no mu jae mi na) 
Just think: if Liverpool hadn't pushed so hard for a winter break, they'd probably have won the league by now. "Be careful what you wish for", as the old Chinese proverb runs. (Or "a plague on all your houses" as angry scousers say to smartarse Chinese.)
If the Chinese continue eating anything that moves then they’re idiots and maybe they need some more natural selection
Democrat Ayanna Pressley Seems To Claim ‘Racism’ Responsible For People Not Eating At Chinese Restaurants (VIDEO) 
Some reasons why UK wouldn’t order more ventilators now - two types invasive & non-invasive, former is what is required for intensive care, latter only type made in UK at Chinese-owned factory in Stratford. - not enough trained nurses to operate - not enough beds - few left now
Chinese medical team that arrived Italy to help  coronavirus. 
Observations from today’s grocery run. There is no loo-roll (we knew this), there are no baked beans (explaining the lack of loo-roll), & there’s no yeast (??). Also, NO LINES and plenty of everything at Asian/Chinese supermarkets. Support your local Asian shop #COVID19
Cuban and Chinese doctors arrive in Italy to save lives and fight #coronavirus. Meanwhile US tighten sanctions on Iran to kill more people. So whose got the better record on human rights? The right to life is the most important human right. Cuba and China are saving  …
Chinese propaganda machine is working on two rhetorics 1) #WuhanVirus came from US 2) India is mismanaging the crisis. Beware. Given the money, world media is going to play this to their tunes.
This is your daily reminder that while Democrats were focused on impeachment, President Trump addressed the Chinese Coronavirus in his State of the Union Address ...And Pelosi tore up every word. We cover this & more here:  
I would caution against believing anything the Chinese government says about what is going on in China re Coronavirus As for the idea that China serves as a model for how to conduct public policy in a democracy. Where does one start, including on this crisis?
More good news. Chinese doctors who  to Italy to help, are mostly from Sichuan. People there remember how the Italian rescue teams came to help them in the earthquake in 2008. Solidarity. We live in the shelter, not the shadow, of each other.  …
You can say what you want about the president. But nothing has changed. Travel restrictions, travel bans, etc etc. It's all about one thing. AMERICA FIRST. Does that mean we dislike Chinese or European's?Or anyone for that matter. No. We dislike people/things that hurt Americans. 
Is Italy, where corrupt bureaucrats take 10 years making simple decisions, Chinese increasingly dominating textile and other business, a bankrupt banking sector, falling bridges, endless strikes, mafia everywhere, headed towards  China's first Imperial province in Europe?  …
The Chinese people of Wuhan showed discipline and organisation skills. The Italians showed the joy of life in its saddest parts.
From to : A Chinese medical team has arrived in Rome to assist in Italy’s #coronavirus battle #CoronavirusPandemic 
Our Chinese students are being called back to China for their own safety.... read into that what you will
Chinese billionaire to send US 500,000 coronavirus test kits, 1 million face masks  
Would like to remind to not SHIPPING Lisa with male mentors. Chinese BLINKs have already warned several times that this situation can cause problems for Lisa. Just praise & cheer up for Lisa. BLACKPINK KPOP TITANS #KillThisLove #BestMusicVideo #iHeartAwards 
Excellent view inside the Chinese quarantine process: 75-80% of #COVID19 transmission occurs in Homes People’s temperatures scanned in public & if warm sent to Fever Clinic not doctors office to reduce spread If CT + then swab test If + then sent to quarantine away from  …
Chinese shoppers are slowly returning to the glitzy malls and boutiques as coronavirus quarantine measures relax 
Empty flight on way to UK on my international White Wellbeing tour - (amid the beginning of the era of the new Chinese plague?). 
Companies like Nike and others use Chinese sweat shops that produce for only a few dollars or so but charge us hundreds of dollars for the same products. We wonder why the cost of living is so high but profit taking on these items and the wages of the CEO’s and their bonuses
Yuzuru Hanyu in Chinese magazine ‘SPORTS MAGAZINE’ Feb. Cover #羽生結弦 
"Chinese doctors and supplies arrive, and we are grateful." An Italian filmed his daily life as the lockdown entered a fourth day in Padova, Italy #COVID19  
“If you want happiness for an hour, take a nap. If you want happiness for a day, go fishing. If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune. If you want happiness for a lifetime, help someone else.” – Chinese proverb Happy Blessed weekend friends and all 
How did Italy  ground zero of Europe’s Coronavirus crisis. No it’s not Chinese migrants working at their leather factories. Be well-informed and stop reading racist propaganda crap.  …
Patients with high blood pressure appear to be at a greater risk of dying from the coronavirus, said a top Chinese doctor 
Chinese have uploaded #COVID19 data for researchers across planet earth to develop a vaccine. This is not drill I repeat This is not a drill
This is really cute. Little Chinese girl gifts money (which she herself received as a new year's gift) to Iran for procuring masks and handsoap for Iranian kids. She also says she was raised on Iranian music (which explains the instruments).  …
-- Nigerian lady calls out Chinese restaurant in Lagos over allege discrimination. 
Wuhan Flu journal : Day 67 Its scary. Very scary. My chance of contracting the disease has increased to 0.000007%. I'm down to 34 rolls of toilet paper. I'd cook for myself but all I have is Chinese stir-fry. I'm not falling for that. I'm smart see. Survival is all that matters.
Only way to Stop #ChinaVirus Made in #Wuhan is by Stopping the Chinese Communist Party = Stop Buying Made In China Products #WuhanVirus #WuhanCoronavirus 
"Hundreds of Chinese doctors who were fighting Covid-19 inside #China arrived yesterday at Rome airport as part of a humanitarian campaign to help Italians survive the #Corona epidemic" 
Nigerian lady calls out Chinese restaurant in Lagos that allegedly asked her and her friend to leave because they are black. 
Chinese President Xi Jinping visited the #coronavirus epicenter of Wuhan for the first time since the disease emerged. More @business :  #CoronaOutbreak #Covid_19 
I'm going to hurt the next person who says that China has universal healthcare, and by hurt, I mean subject them to a lecture the ins and outs of Chinese medical insurance for hours and hours.
Chinese set up thousands of textile workshops in Italy, employing countless illegal Chinese immigrants. Corrupt Italian officials and others (eg property owners) are raking in €Billions annually from this. The label "Made in Italy", is often actually "Made in Chinese Sweatshop"  …
Thought it also looks kind of like the Chinese character blood 血 
Akoto Boafo is half Chinese and speaks good Mandarin so he abandoned #TheBigIssue in search for the #Coronavirus vaccine. So you're stuck with me . Tune to @Citi973 and 
Solidarity in practice! After successfully fighting the virus at home, China starts sharing experience and equipment with others. A plane carrying Chinese medical supplies for Europe to aid its battle against coronavirus lands in Belgium 
The numbers of locally transmitted confirmed and suspected #COVID19 cases on Chinese mainland have been continuously falling for nearly a week: spokesperson  
Chinese Officials have revealed that a vaccine for emergency situations will be ready by April this year... It's scientists who  to the rescue, not your fake pastors & useless politicians  …
"Chinese doctors and supplies arrive, and we are grateful." An Italian filmed his daily life as the lockdown entered a fourth day in Padova, Italy. 
New York Times reporter explains the Chinese approach to Covid-19 - temperatures taken in every building you enter - giant triage centres to avoid hospitals getting overwhelmed - no home quaratine since most infection is from family members Interesting 6 min explainer:  …
Looool there’s a Chinese restaurant only allowing Chinese people to eat in the middle of Lagos, Nigeria? And you people allowed that to happen????  …
Chinese and Serbian experts share experiences & findings on 
Now where are all those so prosperous and righteous western countries which are so happily sanctioning #Cuba or condemning #Chinese government  …
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program Dany Shoham, a former Israeli military intelligence officer who has studied Chinese bio warfare, said the institute is linked to Beijing’s covert biological weapons program.  …
Dinner = Chinese Fakeaway Vegetable Lo Mein Garlic Soy Pak Choi Egg Fried Rice Salt and Pepper Squid Braised Pork Belly Plum Sauce and Sriracha Wings King Prawn with Ginger and Spring Onion Steps over on my Instagram Enjoy your weekend 
The Chinese, who have halted #COVID_19 spread (perhaps only temporarily - which we need to remember) decided that isolating/quarantining sufferers with their families was precisely the wrong strategy - ie what they rejected is precisely what we are doing. Have a  …
Now we're Talking! The Right step to take here. Why should we be 80% dependant on Communist China for Pharmaceutical Supplies?? ‘Buy American!’ President Trump To Sign Executive Order Ending Reliance On Chinese Medical Supplies  …
Liberal media hypocrite pundits want you to think that referring to the coronavirus as the "Wuhan" or "Chinese" virus is racist, and that @GOP, republicans and Conservatives are the ones calling it WuhanVirus. However: here's many times lying liberal media called it 
Ren Zhiqiang, an influential, retired property developer went missing after allegedly criticized Chinese leader’s management of the #coronavirus, social media reports. He’s phone went off for at least two days. Ren is reportedly a friend of Vice President Wang Qishan. 1/2
Tough investigative reporting into Chinese government propaganda here from Jon.  …
It’s almost like Zhao is an official spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, or something.  …
In the message of sympathy recently sent to Italian President Sergio Mattarella, Chinese President Xi Jinping says China firmly supports Italy's fight against the #COVID19 outbreak, and the two countries will certainly prevail over the epidemic at an early date with joint efforts
Guidelines will NOT be followed by the selfish Indian public, especially the ones who profess to be staunch adherents of Secularism. It needs to be enforced Chinese style. Set an example by arresting the family of the dead mullah of Kalaburgi who violated all possible rules.  …
Chinese health experts share their knowledge and experience in fighting #COVID-19 with their peers from Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) countries in a video conference. 
The Irony is #Pakistan makes fun of IAF for flying a 60yr old design, which is MiG 21, and laugh on us by saying we are a vintage air force and all, when they themselves fly the Cheap" copy " of the same jet till now, which is #Chinese J 7. @AsianDef 
Please read this thread if you are believing into the argument of how ‘wonderful’ the Chinese response to COVID has been, including op-eds in Indian media and opinions of TV debaters.  …
I was watching a Chinese movie and suddenly one actor started coughing, i immediately switched off my TV. I hate nonsense !
Chinese people needs to watch their eating habits.
Chinese has shown us nothing but love of country, unparalleled efficiency never seen before. Effectiveness in handling large scale disasters. Nothing but pure sacrifice for country. That's you can see from these videos. The sheer determination. 
New Zealand has short-sightedly devalued it's own produce and brand by acting as a front for Chinese produce people would not willingly and knowingly buy.  …
In a message of sympathy sent to Iranian President @HassanRouhani, Chinese President #XiJinping said China stands ready to step up cooperation with Iran to contain the novel #coronavirus epidemic. more:  
Chinese medical team travelled to italy to help with Corona virus pandemic they ,they helped manage the crisis in China #Italy #HeartbreakWeather #coronavirus 
Jing Fong, New York City's largest Chinese restaurant, closes as coronavirus hurts business  
in this house we respect china’s bestselling digital album artist, Prada’s first chinese spokesperson, the country’s ambassador, all rounded artist and an individual trainee that rose up to be one of cpop’s most successful soloist 
Chinese consulate in Sydney. 
State Department Summons Chinese Ambassador Over ‘Blatant’ Lies On Coronavirus | The Daily Wire  …
#BREAKING: In a message of sympathy recently sent to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, Chinese President Xi Jinping said China will continue to provide as much assistance as it can for Iran in the latter's fight against the #COVID19 outbreak  
Well done Australia. #COVID public information resources translated into Farsi, Chinese, Italian, Korean.  …
In medical terminology, patient zero is someone who is the first documented patient when there is an outbreak. The news item suggested that the Pakistani migrant  the risk by continuing the delivery of Chinese food  …
I agree. Regardless of what we think of the Chinese govt, these are frontline medical workers who worked hard to save lives. Let's give them the appreciation they deserve.
Please retweet these notices for all. (English/Japanese/Korean/Chinese) 
Who knew? Apparently the centre of the Covid-19 outbreak in Italy has a very high number of Chinese immigrants who work in the “fashion” industry. Makes one think; have I missed this fact on the MSM? If true is it relevant? Where does Chinese New Year fit in?
Jack Ma is just a person who happened to be Chinese, and he’s just trying to donate. He has nothing to do with the Chinese government and how the virus started. You said it like he is China.
Why did Chinese experts in #Wuhan hide the truth for so long, asks South China Morning Post ⁦ @SCMPNews⁩ in this investigative report by #GuoRui. Must read. #WuhanVirus  …
The Chef even looked  as I was asking why. He kept saying he didn’t know why. And to be honest it’s not the first time I’ve known Chinese people to be racist. So my friends and I got up left.
- Lady calls out a Chinese restaurant in Victoria island , Lagos over alleged discrimination. 
It’s been debunked because: A) the virus hasn’t been found in bats or pangolins B) bats/bat soup is NOT a chinese food. the video is from another country in south asia and was taken in 2016. C) wuhan market didn’t sell any bats or pangolins to begin with Need more?
Twitter Won’t Remove Chinese Official’s Tweet Suggesting US Army Introduced Virus Into Wuhan.  …
Half a million Chinese-donated masks land in Belgium en route to Italy, with more  Follow Xinhua's Zhao Yuchao to find out. #coronavirus 
This could have been prevented if the U.S. government were willing to take swift, decisive action, like the Chinese. But if the strategy is “herd immunity” and “flattening the curve” by slowing infecting everyone, then a result like this is not out of the question.
The words ‘racist’ and ‘xenophobic’ have been stripped of all meaning. The #Wuhanvirus #Chinavirus #Chinesevirus is a consequence of the Chinese Communist Party’s negligence and lies. They have infected the world. The #WHO and the #FakeNews media are helping them lie about  …
Chinese medical staffs who voluntarily help out Italy have arrived and picked up some Italian. They first risk their lives saving Wuhan, and now Italy. Salute to all medical workers The only way to fight a pandemic is radical knowledge sharing and international collaboration 
The best ray of hope in our fight against #COVID19 is that it's a "Chinese product": it might flood market but won't last long! @PrinceArihan @DrKumarVishwas @TheSamirAbbas @sardanarohit @nishantchat @RubikaLiyaquat @smitaprakash @amritabhinder @karunanundy @SrBachchan 
"Greater China" implies the existence of a "Lesser China", which is deeply offensive to the Chinese people
"In one 2016 ad for laundry detergent, a Chinese woman stuffed a detergent pod into a black man’s mouth and shoved him into a washing machine. Out popped a pale-skinned Chinese man."  …
At this point I am sure Italian and Chinese Visa are either free or guaranteed. You can’t be a problem and be pompous.
Trans: ZS: Hello everyone！ S: I'm Saint Huang MingMing. Z: I'm Li HaiHai Thanks for Chinese fans. S: Always watch and support WhyRUtheseries. Z: Because of your guys. S: We will try to do better. ZS: See you in China！ #ZaintSee #Saint_sup  …
Shame, Utter shame on you, @wef - Trying to whitewash crimes of China, and the CPC- The Chinese Dictatorship machine is directly responsible for spreading the #WuHanPneumonia pandemic globally, and NO, it did nothing to stop it, at the outset. China imprisoned whistle  …
World leaders, please write this to your notebooks: If the Chinese ever plan to restart the wildlife trade, stop them. Use all means. Because they will try, as soon as the smell of death is gone. #Covid #Corona #China #biodiversity #bat @IUCN @Haavisto @niinisto
At the University of New Mexico, someone pranked this Chinese student by covering his door with plastic tarp and a quarantine sign. So he filed a police report and moved the fuck out of there, because who wants to deal with this shit.  …
#BREAKING: In a message sent to his Italian couterpart, Chinese President Xi Jinping says the Chinese government and its people firmly support Italy's fight against the #COVID19 
There are 300,000+ Chinese workers in Northern Italy mostly working for Chinese owned businesses so they can put "Made in Italy" on fashion and leather goods. Want to guess which region in China most of them originate from?
Well they’ve been getting away with this for a while now and after few rants that’s it. Chinese are like the most racist in the world honestly. They are here to make money not to bond. My friend in China made it clearer... they’ve paid their dues no one’s gonna check them here
The conditions in Chinese hospitals this guy describes only applies to systems set up very late in covid19's outbreak cycle this time around and does not describe the conditions in Wuhan in January and a good chunk of February 
the target market is China not the other way around, that’s why Hollywood is constantly editing their films and shows to tap into the Chinese market. China doesn’t need us, we need them. Look under your products & see where it was made lol
“11 Filipino-Chinese groups, led by the Federation of Filipino-Chinese Chambers of Commerce and Industry Inc. have pledged P100 million worth of medical supplies to help the Department of Health with testing kits and other paraphernalia.”  …
Talk of a 400-bed field hospital in Milan’s fairgrounds. A team of Chinese experts and surplus ventilators arriving on a cargo plane. Doctors Without Borders working triage in Italy’s prosperous north. 
To be fair: -China knew about this since December and let people travel during Chinese New Year before letting citizens know -They welded people into their homes and left them to die So yeah they stopped it eventually but let's not act like they had no  here either  …
Chinese Person: *has corona virus* White ppl: OMGwhatadirtydisgustingculture Italian: *has Corona* White ppl: NOMy heart is heavy
ANTIBLACK propaganda Now we want to make a black man the face of a disease that whites created to undermine Chinese markets... Got it  …
‘Buy American!’ President Trump To Sign Executive Order Ending Reliance On Chinese Medical Supplies 
Chinese experts arrived to help with #COVID19 in Rome 
India’s response and how well it contains Wuhan virus will perhaps be the best counter to Chinese narrative. If 130 crore  out trumps in this, we will be seizing the narrative on the global scale.
Chinese President Xi Jinping said the Chinese government and its people firmly support Italy’s fight against the COVID-19 outbreak. Xi said that at this difficult time, China is willing to cooperate with Italy and offer assistance.
I am locked inside yings palace. Got  working but keeps changing words to Chinese. Bais I'm full on stuck here like send help. 
Funny, the only Chinese that stuck their necks for us; for the entire world, are 3 feet underground or disappeared never to be found. The doctors who tried to warn us. The journalists who exposed the truth of what is happening are gone. Really makes you think.
Asian guy in the bathroom at Penn Station gets spit on and told, "You Chinese fuck. All of you should die and all of you have the Chinese virus." When he reports it to police, the cop tells him spitting on someone isn't a crime. (IT IS.)  …
Also @Muslim Twitter with the "it's Allah's punishment for what the Chinese state is doing to Uighurs" ... tune changed real quick when it spread to the Western countries y'all live in  …
This is so Interesting, I mean a Chinese man is helping Americans when most of them are being racist, shitty and a**holes towards chinese people (and Asians in general) Also these are why some of them really don’t deserve any help at all I feel bad for these people... 
State Department has 'stern' words with Chinese ambassador after claim that US military started pandemic...  …
Give me your predictions about the Chinese Corona Virus. What  of this ? Where will we be in 2 weeks, a month, 6 months, etc ? My Prediction is we all die within 30 days but at least our booty will be clean and we'll be well hydrated No seriously tho, predictions
US official summons Chinese ambassador over coronavirus conspiracy theory  
Dozens of scammy Chinese dating apps are exploiting the loneliness of Indian men outside of the tinder-bumble demographic. Some of these are among the most downloaded dating apps in India. @PySamarth and I report from inside this thriving  …
Chinese news agencies are pretty much like Chinese Gandhis.... Everything FAKE... Like @RahulGandhi  …
Chinese official suggests U.S. Army to blame for outbreak: "It might be U.S. army who brought the epidemic to Wuhan,” Zhao Lijian tweeted. “Be transparent! Make public your data! U.S. owe us an explanation!" 
I was watching a Chinese movie and suddenly one actor started coughing, i immediately switched off my TV. Awon alakoba
Sharing of scientific knowledge, experience, supplies and expertise- Italian & Chinese Red Cross are showing the way of collaboration to respond to #COVID-19. Time for calm headed action, NOT panic. Precaution - YES, paranoia - NO. ⁦  …
Criminal Chinese after infecting the world with their #ChinaVirus From #Wuhan are blaming the world. #BoycottChina China Launches a Fake News Campaign to Blame the U.S. for #ChinaCoronaVirus #WuhanCoronovirus  … via @Yahoo
CNN, MSNBC, NYT, etc. coined the terms "Wuhan virus" and "Chinese coronavirus." But once Pompeo and other conservatives picked them up, these became "loaded" terms "stigmatizing the Chinese people" and provoking China's "retort," claims this NYT report  
U.S. summons Chinese envoy over Beijing's   
CHINESE mainlanders have invaded the town of San Felipe in Zambales. Did they escape China because of Covid-9? These pictures were sent by concerned citizens of Zambales. CTTO. 
 Chinese health workers, especially in Wuhan as they are risking it all to rescue their city from the grip of #COVIDー19 The reported #covid19 cases went from a surge in February of 15,000 in one day to only 15 this week. Amazing!!
Iran-based Islamic "scholar" who ranted about how the Coronavirus was an “act of Allah” and “Divine Punishment against the Chinese” for their treatment of Muslims has himself been infected by the virus. 
“Conspiracy theories have poisoned the atmosphere for U.S.-Chinese collaboration in addressing the outbreak, which might otherwise have presented an opportunity to reset the soured relationship.” 
It’s so sad seeing Chinese restaurants and shops being avoided because of the virus. Support your local Chinese businesses - order some delivery tonight! They’re losing out on so much business at the moment
Chinese official pushes the conspiracy theory that the U.S. Army is behind the coronavirus 
He didn't realize the News Anchor he interrupted was of Asian decent before he started his tirade, so made sure to clarify: "The Chinese did everything right." 
PSA: Can’t find something at the supermarket? Try a Chinese grocery. They’re hurting right now.
Dear @narendramodi Please employ popular TV show hosts, Soap Opera Actors to spread the word about this Chinese Virus. We cannot have that Wife of Bangalore Techie disobeying rules and infecting others. THIS SHOULD BE DONE IN ALL INDIAN LANGUAGES AND NOW.
Question - can anyone put me in touch with the #Chinese researchers that ran the #chloroquine #COVID19 study? I keep waiting for the results  out but I haven’t seen a report with data. Chloroquine has three potential mechanisms that could apply here and is so cheap.
weird how ppl are avoiding chinese restaurants as corona spreads but y’all still eating pizza and pasta
Two kinds of traditional Chinese medicines are among the medical aid sent to #Italy, #Iraq, CGTN reported, citing Zhang Boli, president of Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese Medicine. The two TCMs have shown clear effects in treating #COVID19 with mild 
Didn’t the Chinese say it’s a two week incubation time before the virus  active and damaging to the human body >> were did the 24  from ???  …
It's is not known as the "Chinese killer virus". It's known globally as the #coronavirusaus and #COVID19 So why do you rename it with a racist overtone? How is this helping the  ping @TheRealPBarry #auspol
After a Chinese ambassador suggested the US military planted the coronavirus in Wuhan, the @StateDept had a meeting with him and "stern" words were 
US health authorities have struggled for weeks to test people for the new coronavirus, falling far behind testing rates in other developed countries. Now an unlikely billionaire is offering to lend help: Jack Ma, cofounder of the Chinese tech giant Alibaba 
Unabated racism against Chinese people, yet most cases of spreading it to different countries has been done by Western Europeans and Americans who do not stop travelling or follow measures to protect other people. No questions asked but "wHy dO yOu eAt bATs".
Chinese President Xi Jinping visited the #coronavirus epicenter of Wuhan for the first time on Tuesday since the disease emerged. More @business :  #CoronaOutbreak 
'Chinese businessman Jack Ma, who is the founder of the Alibaba Group and among the world's richest people, offered to donate 500,000 coronavirus testing kits and one million masks to the United States' Let's see if Trump allows US to accept offer.  …
i am literally going to die of chinese cringe AIDS and no one cares
SARS FLASHBACK (2003): "In a rare public admission of failure, if not deception, the Chinese government disclosed today that cases of a dangerous new respiratory disease were many times higher than previously reported" China lies, they can't be trusted  …
chinese guy in sick mask told the check in desk he was going to shanghai, i think “hope hes not on my flight” and of course hes in the seat in front of me. if he so much as clears his throat im considering it a self defense situation
Now we have people who aren't even China journalists talking about what a great job China did? Seriously what is wrong with you people? Do you know anything about testing accuracy? Reading CCP PR doesn't qualify you to opine on Chinese methods  …
support your local Chinese restaurants man. Did they ever turn they back on you during that 3am drunk delivery order? FUCK NO
Interesting note here being struck by Chinese state media.  …
#Its_our_White_Day #YongJunhyung In order to make this "White Day" a good memory for us, Chinese fans have filled their hearts with anticipation and expectations into more than 40 letters, which have been successfully delivered on March 13. 
In case @Alyssa_Milano and other low IQ liberal drones need a reminder, let’s review the Chinese News Network CNN coverage  …
Chinese official pushes the conspiracy theory that the U.S. Army is behind the coronavirus 
Chinese restaurants in the United States have suffered a 70% loss in business. Here’s why that’s more important than mitigating the spread of the virus (VICE)
My parents: Don't eat Chinese food it's unhealthy The food at home 
AGREE! Remember in January President Trump stopped Chinese nationals from entering the US while his critics attacked him for that decision. That was the right decision then and it’s the right decision now! The President handled this crisis PERFECTLY! Timely and confidently!  …
#LISA ranked 4th on guests on variety shows on March 12. Calculated based on media website  Baidu searches and socmed performance, her media rating was 8.43/10, higher than all female Chinese celebrities on the top 20 list.  
For folks concerned that this clip is from Chinese coverage, here’s the unedited version from c-span. Start at 1:43  …
Cuban and Chinese doctors have arrived in Italy to aid the struggle against coronavirus, as the US and West do nothing. The governments that we are endlessly told are demonic "authoritarians" are at the frontlines aiding humanity's fight, while the "free democracies" abandon us.  …
Chinese official spreads conspiracy theory "US Army" brought coronavirus to Wuhan  
I AM MIND BLOWN WHAGSUDEJFHS the pic says “100” but once you rotate it right it says “百” which is 100 in Chinese HAJDJWFNJSNXS @JacksonWang852 YOUR 
Except for the whole chinese patent thing and the trump family attempting to make money off this...
Also they have a large Chinese immigrant population. Looks like the outbreak coincided with a bunch returning from Lunar New Year celebrations. With no symptoms.
U.S. State Department summons the Chinese ambassador to the United States to protest  by #Beijing suggesting the U.S. military might have brought the #coronavirus to 
Ghafoora with Chinese characteristics. 
An older woman in front of me demanded her zinger box get remade because her cook was Asian. When I tried to inform her how irrational that request was, she turned and sneered, “are YOU Chinese?” I replied, “no, but your ugly-ass knockoff purse is.” Shut your racist asses up.
Just enjoyed a *very* delicious dinner courtesy of our favourite neighbourhood Chinese restaurant; Lin’s on Broadway. Please remember, our local businesses need our support during this time. *ALL* of them!! These are Canadian business owners. 
omg jackson is a genius.. the upright pic says “100” but when you rotate it clockwise 90 degrees it says “百”, which means “100” in chinese!! 
 to Mar-a-lago! Come for the beautiful tremendous chocolate cake, Chinese spies and Vermin infested kitchen. Leave with the coronavirus.  …
An Italian tradition has long venerated being furbo, or cunning, by evading the rules - as opposed to the tradition of Chinese folk heroes, who are well known for their deference to authority. for instance, the Obedient Monkey King and the In-Laws of the Water Margin
every LA influencer be like “I’m starting my own clothing line and it’s gonna be ethically produced and sustainable” then when it drops it’s 99% chinese wholesale from alibaba
The Great Cornholio is really having a hard time with the Chinese coronavirus thing
Must be sad to live as a pundit Chinese like Melissa Chan and have to rely on hating your ethnicity as a brand in order to stay relevant in news media
Chinese medical journals are not famous for their rigor in these things. Let me guess, though. It was a positive paper. As @EdzardErnst taught me, Chinese papers about TCM are ALWAYS positive.  …
Plane carrying #Chinese medical supplies for #Europe lands in Belgium.  
Ugh. A paper about treatment of #COVID19 patients  Western and Chinese medicine with CT scans that show the patients' names. That is a HUGE violation of patient privacy rules. Peer reviewed and accepted within 4 days. Please fix this @jstage_ej !
#China will point to  Trump administration’s inability to stem spread of  to Chinese success as proof #Communism is superior to liberal democracies. We should make the case that @POTUS Trump and @GOP are actually anti-democratic Fascist Kakistocracy.
This chart explains criminal act of Chinese Communist Party 1) They hid the news about spread of #WuhanVirus for months. 2) Innocent people travelled to and from China thereby carried the virus along. 3) Pandemic 4) Now China is sending MASKS after infecting Europe. #ChinaVirus  
#Its_our_White_Day #YongJunhyung In order to make this "White Day" a good memory for us, Chinese fans participated in the "Million Forest Project" and planted 1,219 trees in the Alxa Desert to build a "YONGJUNHYUNG Love Forest" for improving the desert ecological environment. 
Chinese businessman Jack Ma, will donate 500,000 test kits and 1 million masks to the United States! ... waiting for Republican POS Tom Cotton to go on FOX and tell everyone it's just another conspiracy to make Trump look bad! #TomCottonIsAFuckingIdiot
Chinese Communist Killer #ChinaVirus from #Wuhan  …
Aamir Khan films which are Remade - Dil (4 times) Andaz apna apna (3 times) Rangeela (1995) - Win a Date with Tad Hamilton (2004) Raja hindustani (3 times) Ishq (1996) Sarfarosh (2 times) Tzp - Chinese remake in production 3 idiots (3 times) #HappyBirthdayAamirKhan
Someone need to remind him that.. Black Death(Plague) Spanish Flu, Swine Flu(H1N1) Bird Flu, Corona(COVID-19) Everything started from China and not India. Though the Spanish Flu is called Spanish Flu, it originally came from China through Chinese labours who worked in farms. 
So to all those who try to argue implementing the #China style epidemic containment could work in democratic countries, please remember all the huge sacrifices that the Chinese people have to go through and imagine if people in democratic countries can willingly accept them.
It's not about buying products from China, its about supporting businesses owned by Chinese and other Asian people in  who have faced recent losses due to people avoiding their places of business because of racism.
Why did Chinese consumers reject Home Depot? Analysts say  failed to do its homework on the Chinese market, missing the mark on consumer needs and culture.  
This crisis will pass, as crises always do. But no matter what, it could’ve been less serious if Trump hadn’t: -slashed CDC funding; -dismantled the pandemic team; -muzzled experts just like the Chinese did; -decided to delay testing due to his fears about political impact.
US expert : “Learning from Wuhan’s recent past is the only way we can prevent our nation from driving itself into a historic catastrophe. Chinese officials saved tens of thousands of lives by acting as decisively as they did, when they did.”  …
#INPICTURES | Cuban and Chinese doctors arriving in Italy to assist the health authorities. Cuba has the interferon Alpha-2B, powerful in the treatment of coronavirus and China has the experience of having  the peak of infections in its territory. 
HK student who is studying in UK, was being bullied by 5 Chinese students.  …
Tonight we got takeout from one of our neighborhood Chinese restaurants. Gave the staff a big tip. And the food was great, as always. Let’s support our local businesses in this time of huge stress.
A plane carrying Chinese medical supplies for Europe to aid its battle against #coronavirus lands in Belgium. 
Nuff manz been carrying corona under their dirty ass nails for years ..stop blamin the Chinese yute dem
What is it with CHINESE STUDENTS and Aussie UNIVERSITIES colluding to bypass #Coronavirus Biosecurity Laws? Aussie universities funneled $millions in TAXPAYER FUNDS to 31,000 Chinese students who later exposed Australians to this virus! #auspol  …
#SickTimeNovels One fish Two fish Red fish Chinese Wuhan fish 
Haha. The Chinese are probably as jobless as me. Even they are suggesting that the 'patient zero' in fact, arrived from the United States, effectively as part of a CIA plot. Good good. I think I can start writing rubbish novels.  …
I'm well aware of the bots in my timeline. I'm especially aware of bot accounts that respond to me on issues related to China, that have been created from May 2019, the same time period that official Chinese Govt accounts were created & came online in 2019 cc @thespybrief
Latest direct message from the victim. She is asking for help since the school was covering up for the Chinese but she didnt even attacked any Chinese verbally. #FreedomOfSpeech #democracy 
We seriously need an “I hear you” button. Cannot “like” these stories. Also need the Chinese billionaire owner of Alibaba to hear about this. He’s donating medical supplies. They need to end up where needed, not hoarded by those with the right “connections”.
What's true: Cuba does produce Interferon alfa-2b and the Chinese are attempting to use it, along with dozens of other drugs, to treat COVID-19.
And to think that most of these americans are being a55holes not just towards chinese people but asians in general
Ordered Chinese from our favourite place tonight because only racists believe you can get COVID19 from Chinese take out. #COVID19toronto #COVID19Ontario #covid19Canada
In a synchronized pattern, Chinese media now pushing the concept of “Imported” #COVID2019 into Chinese mainland.  …
Liberals have the low information folks in the palm of their hands. They actually think Trudeau is ahead of Trump on this. So why is he still allowing Chinese planes to land in Vancouver?  the border's still open to every stranger with a potential disease? #trudeaumustgo
Hmm..So Chinese Bots are tracking every Tweet on #WuhanVirus and sending their bot army to abuse twitterati speaking against China Plugging all criticism!  …
1,430 #COVID19 patients were discharged from hospital Friday on Chinese mainland, bringing the total number of recovered patients to 65,541  
Chinese, U.S. #COVID19 experts hold video 
[TRANS] #LISA ranked 4th on guests on variety shows on March 12. Calculated based on media website  Baidu searches and social media performance, her media rating was 8.43/10, higher than all female Chinese celebrities on the top 20 list 
Chinese officials have been trying to reshape the narrative about the coronavirus, suggesting that it might have originated outside of China, even though the center of the outbreak was the central Chinese city of Wuhan, and have zero evidence otherwise.  …
I am a college student from China，this is my  in Twitter，we chinese people are GRATEFUL to ITALY for its assistance to us IN THE ERATHQUAKE！NOW，it is our turn to help ITALY! God bless you! Italy!
So far two Chinese friends have offered to send me masks to protect myself and my family. No one I know, myself included, offered to send supplies to China when #COVID19 was hitting them hardest. We have a lot to learn about real international solidarity.
See all the glass towers in Canada’s big cities? All funded by Chinese money. The first wave was refugees from Hong Kong reunification. Current wave is the millionaires and oligarchs.
Chinese Food Date with Elkie (CLC) & Minnie (G)I-DLE  via @YouTube
1,200 people have died from Corona virus, in Italy, in a short time. 3,000 people have died from Corona virus, in China, according to the Chinese Communist party. RT if you don't believe the Chinese Communist Party.
Got Chinese take out tonight. My guy tells me it’s been “really slow.” Place was empty. Zero customers, 7 pm, Friday night. “People are afraid.” I tipped him double. If you can afford it, please do the same, because I doubt every business is going to survive this shutdown.
I remember reading about the Opium Wars and the ‘cutting of Chinese melon’ in school. How an entire race was subject to indignity by the imperialists. I felt bad for the Chinese people and felt a civilisational solidarity with them.
Chinese billionaire to send US 500,000 coronavirus test kits, 1 million face masks  
It's important to remember Biggs voted AGAINST coronavirus funding & #USA. It is a Chinese man who is shipping 500,000 testing kits & 1 million masks to the U.S. in an effort  the coronavirus pandemic.  … Donate:   …
A plane carrying Chinese medical supplies for Europe, including face masks and testing kits on the novel #coronavirus, landed at the airport of Liege in Belgium, on March 13, 2020. 
Chinese mainland reports 7 new imported #COVID19 cases on Friday, bringing the total number of imported cases to 95  
Thank you President Trump for declaring a National emergency! Now, postpone the 2020 elections until 2025, we need to fight this Chinese virus without any distractions! Go on, do it! #ChineseCoronaVirus Chinese #CoronaVirus Wuhan #Virus
How long have I been saying this for? I am worried #India could be worse than #China because it has the population that is similar but doesn’t have the capacity to do what the Chinese did and that would absolutely devastate the country. I think things are much worse than we know  …
Can someone please explain to me why the left are so blind to the  party's mass human rights abuse, polluting, aggressive expansion into the south China sea, mass theft of global IP yet are so quick to claim calling a virus by the name of its origin is racist
Crueller Intentions Spring Bakers The Filling of a Chinese Cookie How I Learned To Stop Worrying And Love the Bombe  …
With 7 new cases reported on Mar 13, the total imported #COVID19 cases from overseas in the Chinese mainland reached 95: —46 from Iran —32 from Italy —5 from Spain —3 from UK —3 from US —2 from Saudi Arabia —1 from France —1 unconfirmed —2 not revealed 
#Vapelung ( #EVALI)[L] has similar appearance to #COVID19 lung injury[R]. But probably more important is to stop #smoking or vaping now. In Chinese COVID19 #pneumonia pts, odds of progression 14x higher in smokers  
Cotton: 'Joe Biden Cannot Be Trusted to Protect This Country from the Chinese Communist Party'  via @BreitbartNews
#Beijing reported one imported case of #COVID19 from the U.S. on Friday. As of March 13, a total of 22 imported cases have been reported in the city. The Chinese capital has a total of 415 confirmed #COVID19 cases and 8 deaths, while 349 people have recovered from the 
We already know that it was those two Chinese and the Harvard professor they arrested-they are connected to #BillGates. They are connected with the  …
Facebook censors expert’s post linking coronavirus to Chinese research lab | News | LifeSite  …
Corvid-19 Hack: Go shopping for supplies at Asian run businesses. Not even just the Chinese ones. Racists are stupid they don't know what's up. If anyone's gonna have stock it's the places that the panic buying idiots are avoiding. I found a face mask, humidifier, and face wipes.
11 new cases of #COVID19 reported on Chinese mainland on Friday, 1,430 discharged and 13 more deaths. Latest figures: - 80,824 total confirmed cases - 3,189 deaths - 65,541 discharged 
@realDonaldTrump you need to ban flights from Canada. Those Chinese will try to get in from Canada.
US summons Chinese ambassador over Covid-19 conspiracy theory - Asia Times  …
GO TO YOUR LOCAL CHINESE RESTAURANTS AND BUSINESSES YOU ASSHOLES
This is great from @aprzhu in @CNStorytellers on the different types of "sinophobia" and how it overlaps with and differs depending on a place's power dynamic with the Chinese metropole:  
Chinese women’s rights activist ‘disappeared’ @liqiaochu01 criticized the government’s attempt to cover up #COVID19 outbreak. As the crisis unfolded, she helped sanitation workers, pregnant women & domestic violence victims.  … by @Yaqiu
A terrific @willchamberlain distillation of the present global struggle: American nationalism or Chinese imperialism. There isn’t a third option. We have the economy, the expertise, and the will to prevail - vs the #WuhanVirus and vs CCP aggression.  …
Chinese mainland reports 11 new confirmed coronavirus cases, 13 deaths on Friday  
Doesn’t take much thinking to realize that Chinese grocery stores are empty because...Chinese people aren’t shopping there  …
State Department Summons Chinese Ambassador Over ‘Blatant’ Lies On Coronavirus  …
Chinese culture actually believes, based on jinbu witch doctory, that eating animals shaped like human organs can help with problems with those organs, which is why snakes are delicacy in China for older men. This is the superstitious mentality that led to the coronavirus crisis
It's no coincidence that the Wuhan Pneumonia (aka COVID-19) and the Guangdong Pneumonia (aka SARS) broke out during the winter months in China. Chinese jinbu mysticism believes winter is the season when the body needs more "jinbu" wild animals eaten fresh or raw from wet markets
It came from Wuhan China. She’s correct!! The Chinese propaganda machine have been trying to twist the fact since last week at least. Calling #WuhanVirus is the way to prevent the thug to twist the facts in the future. #WuhanCoronavirus 
BOTH Russia & China are pushing straight up disinformation “that America is responsible” Again why are Russia’a coronavirus #s so low & their yet ahead on vaccines? Iranian, Russian, Chinese Media Push COVID-19 ‘Bioweapon’ Conspiracies  … via @defenseone
THE US MEDIA IS PUSHING PROPOGANDA FOR THE CHINESE COMMUNIST GOVERNMENT. THEY SHARE THE SAME IDEOLOGY, AS YOU KNOW.  …
Conspiracy theory time! So... Naglland parin yung flights from China sa NAIA despite the so called "not-a-lockdown". Is this me or they're using this as an opportunity to silently land more Chinese troops in Manila + they beefed up the military presence = we're fucked.
Simultaneously, on Chinese social networks like Weibo, hashtags for the “ #Japanese virus” and the “ #Iranian virus” helped shape the narrative that SARS-CoV-2 could be of foreign origin, and China merely got a raw deal. Now, the “ #Italian virus” tag is doing the 
CLOSE THE BORDER WITH CANADA NOW! Chinese nationals (and Europeans) are allowed to fly into their country with NO med screening. via @ezralevant
Chinese official suggests U.S. Army to blame for outbreak: "It might be U.S. army who brought the epidemic to Wuhan,” Zhao Lijian tweeted. “Be transparent! Make public your data! U.S. owe us an explanation!" 
i got some chinese takeout and one of my fortune cookies is just a bag of air and god if that isnt a metaphor for life lately 
The FBI and DOJ already monitor Chinese attempts to influence American institutions and have to imagine that they are watching closely which U.S.  are parroting China's  propaganda  …
The hysterical Fake new MSM wants you to believe all older people will die if they get this. Chinese grandmother, 103, recovers from coronavirus after six-day treatment | Daily Mail Online  …
I coughed and the Chinese moved away from me. Nigga u started it
Chinese billionaire to send US 500,000 coronavirus test kits, 1 million face masks  
I’m sick of PRC smearing #US for originated the #WuhanCoronavirus. Let’s take a look at how National Security Advisor Robert C. O'Brien responded to China’s “joke”. @RFA_Chinese #美國人撤僑都放低物資畀你幫你 
China sends another batch of masks, test kits, gear, goggles to Iran, which is fighting murderous US sanctions. It is one of many dispatchments of aid that began in early February. A team of Chinese scientists are also in Iran to provide technical knowledge. This is solidarity.  …
The Chinese government is brilliant. Allow consumption of raw bats and pangolins. Don't tell anyone about a new virus until word somehow leaks. Allow unrestricted travel. When exposed, impose draconian measures on your people and force healthcare workers to work to exhaustion
The Chinese is sending medical doctors and nurses to help Italy and I literally started crying watching  off the plane because I know they are going to have to help us here in America GOD be with us all..
The title of the Chinese propaganda: “Kill the US” Not only do they spread misinformation about the origin of the #WuhanVirus, they also encourages hatred on the US. #WuhanCoronavirus #CCPVirus  …
Looking for toilet paper on Amazon as everyone is right now. Of course no one is buying the Chinese brands. Also, I'm totally calling dingleberries butt-confetti now 
The U.S. summons Chinese ambassador to  suggesting the U.S. military might have brought the coronavirus to Wuhan. “Spreading conspiracy theories is dangerous and ridiculous. We wanted to put the government on notice we won’t tolerate it.” 
Chinese Basketball Association Reportedly Asking American Players To Return To Restart Season  
Did the Chinese Communist Party hack NBC's Twitter?  …
Guess who gets to name these pandemic  out of China? The liberal World Health Organization, which renamed Wuhan Pneumonia "COVID-19" b/c WHO discourages naming diseases after China/Chinese to avoid "unintended negative impacts by stigmatizing 
China is doing what the US used to. Chinese cargo planes also sending medical supplies to Europe. Soft power goes a long way.  …
January 11th Chinese scientists posted genome of covid19. Within week virologists in Berlin produced first diagnostic test for the disease. Why did we start late? Why didn’t we accept the WHO test? Why did we dismantle the pandemic response operation Obama created?
Never forget that Xi and his henchmen are responsible for loosing COVID-19 on the world. Its disrupting our economy and society to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars. We need to bring manufacturing home to the U.S. The Chinese are unreliable, secretive, and treacherous.
Chinese  giant Alibaba has registered a blockchain-based system patent in Brazil under the category of "insurance," "financial business" and "monetary business,” @AlibabaGroup @AlibabaB2B #JTS 
Chinese billionaire Jack Ma to donate 500,000 test kits and 1 million masks to the U.S.  …
A Chinese person *does something nice to help Americans* Americans: he must want something, it’s beneficial to him that’s why he’s doing it, CONSPIRACY!!!!!!!
A plane carrying Chinese medical supplies for Europe landed in Liege, Belgium. The supplies were donated by two charities -- Jack Ma Foundation and Alibaba Foundation  half a million face masks, which will be sent to Italy.  
The Chinese think eating bats and even bat guano can improve their eyesight based on old jinbu mysticism. to eradicate these viral  out of China, we have to eradicate 2,000 years of superstitious eating culture in China
Surprisingly, it was Japanese Imperial Army that saved the disaster caused by the Chinese military. They moved Chinese people and livestock to safe locations. They carried out restoration work on the destroyed Yellow River and waterproofing of floods with the inhabitants. 
US summons Chinese envoy over Beijing's coronavirus tweets  …
Ordered Chinese food tonight to help support my local restaurants being eviscerated by racism. I highly  y'all doing the same.
Update: The State Department summoned the Chinese ambassador  about the foreign ministry spokesman's conspiracy theory that the US Army might have introduced the coronavirus to China.  …
I'm home now, and thanks to my dad sending me money, I'm ordering Chinese for dinner - the kind  in servings large enough that I'll have food for days. Support your local Chinese restaurants, you guys!
So far, the COVID-19 has been discovered by a team of Chinese medical scientists (it had its genome characterised), had two strains of its genome mapped by Australians, had a test to discover it developed by Germans, and now the virus itself has been isolated by Canadians.
(6) That's 8,100,000 people. So how do we get 420 million to 980 million being infected even if the Chinese gov't is only reporting 1 in 100 infections?
(4) So how do we get to 81,000 cases of infection with the the virus now on the wane in China to at least 420 million infected and up to 980 million infected. (5) Let's say the Chinese government is lying and there actually 100 times more infections then they claim.
For the West, it would be interesting to chart the slowness of the response to coronavirus against the percent population of Chinese in the country.
I have never and will never download and use that stupid Chinese Communist app Tik Tok.
Italian Foreign Minister Luigi Di Maio hailed the arrival of a Chinese plane loaded with medical equipment and doctors to help fight the coronavirus — in what appeared to a be a pointed rebuke to the EU  …
US summons Chinese ambassador over   …
It’s disturbing that they know blk ppl R more likely than any other group 2make poverty wages but No-1 including the blk caucus has made any steps to fix the problem. Asian legislators immediately sprang N2 action to protect Chinese businesses as they should. No specifics 4us tho  …
How #China set the global #coronavirus crisis into motion China's ability to silence #WHO during the coronavirus spread is emblematic of the fact that even in a period of crisis, the #Chinese regime prioritizes control over public safety A Good read  …
Remember what China looked like before the #Coronavirus? They were protesting for their freedom Then what happened? Do you trust the Chinese? Is this why @9News blocks and doxxes @realDonaldTrump supporters? @ACLJ 
Japan had done very terrible things in mainland China. Here is one specific fact. 1938 Yellow River flood In June 1938, Chinese Nationalist Army destroyed Yellow River to stop the advance of Japanese troops and drowned one million Chinese. The sufferers are 6 million. 
Yes we're worse because of Trump. Obama or Hillary wouldn't have gutted our experts & the depts who were prepared & set up to deal with this. They also would've tested, contained & taken best practices from the Chinese & South Koreans. Trump's giving us Italy & it may be worse.
‘Me: I wanted to try this Chinese restaurant right here My 16 yr old brother: feeling suicidal huh?’
Cotton: 'Joe Biden Cannot Be Trusted to Protect This Country from the Chinese Communist Party'  …
carm: is chinese food safe to eat? meadow: ma! tony: it’s takeout it’s fine aj: it’s a bioweapon tony: biowah? carm: aj! aj: oh i suppose it’s a coincidence that there’s a level 4 bio facility in wuhan? tony: *throws container* motherfucking god damn orange peel beef!
The U.S and Chinese economies are heavily dependent on each other. Not surprising at all
Over 10,000  have added masks, hazmat suits, thermometers and the like to their product lines in the past two months 
Great thread and well worth reading and emphasizing that you are actually repeating CCP PR by saying things like China is helping the world and how great their response was when Chinese are literally chanting at leaders how angry they are  …
US summons Chinese Ambassador over coronavirus conspiracy?! Hell the US has been shouting conspiracy BS since the outbreak coverage started! Are they afraid that the theory will expose  in hiding a outbreak in the US before China?
DOJ investigating Chinese  giant for bribery 
Support your local Chinese restaurants and Asian grocery stores. Saigon Market on Hawthorne got amazing produce and Dat Moi on Van Ness got the freshest seafood yall ever seen. Little Asia on Imperial always a hit, you'd think Mike Will made it.
ADOPTABLE AUCTION 1. Soft Wild Cat SB: $5 MI: $2 AB: $55 2. Dreamy Saluki SB: $5 MI: $2 AB: $55 3. Peachy Pomeranian SB: $5 MI: $2 AB: $55 4. Cherry Chinese Crested Dog OFFER TO ADOPT, I am heavily leaning towards keeping her 
I'm not saying the Chinese epidemiologist (who thinks the pandemic could be over by June if all countries take positive measures) knows more than our chief medical officer, but as hes credited with helping stop the SARS outbreak he's worth listening to  …
On @seanhannity's show at 9:25 ET to talk #China lashing out at the #US. The only way to deal with a hostile Beijing is for Prez #Trump to make it clear there will be consequences for  and conduct. It's good that State summoned the Chinese ambassador today.
Most of pro-CCP people are like this: disgusting, self-emboldened & shameless. You Chinese forgot USAhas donated medical supplies & money to you during your toughest situation under #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak? & now you threaten to kill Americans by stopping medicine  …
Helping Americans while embarrassing Trump. I like it. Chinese billionaire Jack Ma to send 500K coronavirus test kits, 1 million face masks to US  …
Chinese virus? I didn’t know viruses had ethnicities. This dangerous rhetoric proliferates unnecessary racism towards Asians. Crazy how this is acceptable language from our supposed government leaders  …
Here’s another fun fact about Siyavash. The Chinese stated that the Sogdians were descended from 9 Zhaowu clans. Zhaowu might be a Chinese corruption of the name Siyavash  …
I coughed and a Chinese man moved away from me.. NIGGA YOU STARTED IT TF
"Thank you for broadcasting our propaganda!" — Chinese Communist Party
If there had been  president, America probably have started to prepare for the Coronavirus in January, following the Chinese pattern. But  president wouldn’t have cut the disaster/response either. #inners
BREAKING: Basketball experts speculate that Rudy Gobert likely created the coronavirus after recklessly eating Chinese food in December.
my uber driver is chinese and he keeps thanking me because a lot of people have been cancelling on him i’m going to cry and tip him $20
January 11th Chinese scientists posted genome of covid19. Within week virologists in Berlin produced first diagnostic test for the disease. Why did we start late? Why didn’t we accept the WHO test? Why did we dismantle the pandemic response operation Obama created?
"This is going to change us by showing that @realDonaldTrump is actually right about everything." @michaeljknowles says coronavirus may vindicate Trump's views on the threats of... • Globalization • Chinese supply chains • Open borders @LisaBloom disagrees. 
did our duty to  and ordered chinese
Do we know anymore about the Harvard research scientist with 4 Chinese spies? Caught at Logan international with 24 vials of ?  …
Trucks loaded with 26.4 tons of #coronavirus prevention supplies including face masks, protective clothes, eye goggles arrived in Turin, #Italy on Friday. This is the first batch of supplies bought by overseas Chinese from #China's Zhejiang 
I'm considering going to chinese grocers and buying exclusively chinese food for a while bc all the fucking stores are empty and abled free and they also rlly need some customers rn
i've been eating chinese takeout every other day for the last 2 months to build up my general health & immunity
Something I'm hearing from multiple places is that hoarders are clearing out Costco, Superstore, etc. while everything is normal in ethnic grocers. That is, people think they need to hoard food to survive but are still too racist to buy it from a Chinese person.
Italy sold it's leather and  to China. China sent in 100k Chinese to work in those factories in Northern Italy. Air travel between Wuhan, China and Italy never stopped. That's why you have to large outbreak in Italy.
U.S. summoning Chinese ambassador over Beijing  U.S. official says  
Two Chinese citizen journalists who provided the world with uncensored glimpses of China's response to the coronavirus have been missing since early February. Their families are still appealing help. The videos challenged the state's official narrative.  …
Guys, please consider ordering take out from your favorite local mom-n-pop Chinese food place this weekend. They’re missing the uneducated dumbshit portion of their patrons lately and it’s really sad.
edtwt order Chinese takeaway challenge. Restaurants all over are struggling rn. Whether you tackle a fear food, indulge in an old favorite, just nibble on a small app bc you don’t want to trigger a binge, make it a cheat day, whatever you can  with... Thoughts?
A Chinese billionaire is doing more for Americans than the American government has done so far. Irony is dead.  …
US official summons Chinese ambassador over coronavirus conspiracy theory  
Chinese police officer arrests a man after he had reminded one of the officers to wear a mask. 
Italy’s problem is  with an aging population, they have a large Chinese population of factory workers. They were brought in to fill Chinese owned factories. Went back to China for New Years, many came back infected.  …
Hi Candace. Love u much. Also read that lots Italians sold their leather goods &other biz to Chinese in Wuhan, so the airlines instituted direct flights between Wuhan & Italy to transport THOUSANDS of Chinese to run these businesses. & that’s y Italy getting hit #WuhanVirus #tcot
hey all, if you're from toronto/gta area and you're looking for a good spot to eat for your sushi/ramen needs, hit up my dms! my brother's restaurant isn't doing too well these days cause of the way people view chinese establishments but let me know!
#US summons #Chinese ambassador over #coronavirus conspiracy theory #China's Foreign Ministry tweets that 'Patient Zero' may  from US “China seeks to deflect criticism for starting a global pandemic & not telling the world”: State  …
Support: "Beijing Emergency Medical Centre is located at Qianmenxi Street in Beijing. The Italian Government and the Chinese Government collaborated in establishing the Medical Centre in 1983 and it was put into use in 1988, and at the same time the ambulance call 120 was opened"
Chinese businessman to donate 500,000 test kits and 1 million masks to Third World U.S. 
He ordered a ban on Chinese flights on Jan 7. He was working behind the scenes while the Dems in the House & Senate were obssessed with impeachment. Obama waited 6 mo to declare an emergency. Trump 10 weeks.
hey so what if we drove around going to chinese restaurants in the area supporting them and tipping heavily just because they’re really struggling with sales right now and need our help
Italy also have 100,000 Chinese factory workers in Northern Italy from WUHAN... Virus ramped up during Chinese new Year return from Holiday. China Bought Leather and  
In both an olive branch and a jab at the Trump administration, Jack Ma, cofounder of Chinese tech giant Alibaba, is donating 500,000 Covid-19 testing kits and a million protective facemasks to the US. 
Chinese spokesman accuses the US military of bringing coronavirus to Wuhan 
Democrats and the media need to stop providing cover for the Chinese Communist Party. 
Pelosi taking advantage of Chinese corona virus to demand money for abortion is just abhorrent !
White people were making Chinese jokes too which is more on brand for them and yet the Asians couldn’t wait to throw black people under the bus lol  …
Scientists believe they've made a huge breakthrough in coronavirus vaccine effort  … via @nypost MAKE IT IN AMERICA...NO MORE CHINESE TRASH IN OUR BODIES..
Reminder that it’s not panic everywhere. In my slice of Brooklyn, the 1 grocery store has quadrupled shipments, and the shelves are stocked. The pizza and Chinese restaurant are doing fine. Purell stations are installed in building lobbies and people keep distance. Joggers jog.
My local favorite Thai restaurant is suffering due to the prejudices brought with Covid-19. I was unfortunately surprised since it is Thai rather than Chinese. Then I remembered that Asian is Asian. Anyone in the ATL area, please help support this business.  – at Thai Restaurant Sandy Springs
The first point on your list is according to the Chinese government. No reason whatsoever to take them at their word on anything related to this or anything else.
Zhao Lijian, the Chinese foreign ministry spokesman, has suggested that coronavirus was brought to China by the US military. Zhao was recently promoted after gaining praise from the Communist ruling party for denouncing Western liberal democracies.  …
Is it racist to call the coronavirus "Wuhan Flu", “Chinese coronavirus”?  …
In Spain, someone exhibits a banner saying #WuhanVirus is from #China. A  over, destroy the banner, and fight with the exhibitor. That's what Chinese do: hide the truth, disrespect free expression, treat others with hostility & violence.  …
Chinese take-over of strategic Australian assets is not the result  decisions by independent Chinese entrepreneurs. The big money people act under control of Chinese Communist Party, carrying out a national project.  …
REPORT: Chinese billionaire announces major donation to help US with coronavirus pandemic  … via @realdennislynch
Yup and it's the media's fault and it's not just Trump supporters, a lot of independents and moderate Democrats are sick of it as well They have literally been promoting  propaganda and it's disgusting  …
They also told the doctor who discovered Coronavirus to stop "spreading fake rumours" only to act when the epidemic got out of control. The Chinese government is an awful regime and we can only thank the doctors and nurses working day and nights.
Chinese businessman to donate 500,000 test kits and 1 million masks to the U.S.  …
“Supporting local business” apparently = “letting my inner fat kid order enough Chinese delivery for 3 people despite being the only one here”. I hope the dogs are into scrimps.
So many people didn’t care when it was only random purportedly bat-eating Chinese people dying. A) Who knows where it came from now, maybe it wasn’t the wet market B) Did racism make you think they were biologically so different that you wouldn’t be vulnerable, and next?
Reuters: The US State Department summoned the Chinese ambassador to the United States on Friday to protest  by Beijing suggesting the US military might have brought the coronavirus to Wuhan, as tensions between the two global powers over the outbreak intensified
The international Chinese students at my university are petitioning that classes be made remote the rest of the semester so they can escape the neoliberal capitalist hellscape that is the US and return to China where its safer & the gov has successfully fought the COVID19 crisis.
Since we are all needing things to occupy our time, have you heard the good news about this very gay show about Exquisitely Beautiful Chinese Sword Boys  …
Does not Communist Chinese Gov't have history-disinformation/dishonesty? Is not n Art of the Deal, 3-D chess necessary 2 produce results? Does anybody think QPQ Joe is right China is a friend/no threat to the USA? Does not keep your friends close/ keep enemies closer apply?  …
Wrap your head around this. The Media said POTUS Trump is racist for stopping Chinese travel, POTUS Trump is xenophobic for stopping European travel, POTUS Trump isnt doing enough and POTUS Trump is a dictator abusing his power. All within a few days...
Reporter: "What are your responses to Chinese officials saying we are the source of the #coronavirus ?" Trump:"They know where it came from. We all know where it came from." #Covid_19 #CoronaOutbreak #Trump #Trump2020 #Pressconference #StateOfEmergency 
Chinese Billionaire Jack Ma To Donate 500,000 Test Kits & 1 Million Masks To US "We join hands with Americans in these difficult times" What are you doing Bezos and Gates? Oh, that's right, you're behind this whole mess. Never mind.  …
Yep- “The Justice Department is investigating ZTE Corp. for possible bribes of foreign officials, which could subject the Chinese telecom giant to a fresh round of criminal penalties amid increasing tensions between the U.S. and China.”  …
Yes. Their forced abortion of females for years created a major problem for the Chinese.  …
It is confounding that liberals & MSM are adopting Chinese state talking points which seek to absolve China from its role in spreading the virus. Did you all forget that early on Dr. Li Wenliang & his colleagues were arrested for raising concerns?  …
Retweeting because I don't think people get the tweet. The Jack Ma Foundation is a foundation started by the guy who founded Alibaba, a  They say they' re sending 500,000 test kits to the United States. - ~ 50x more kits than ppl who have been tested here.  …
I’m amazed at how prescient the Chinese Government has been about this whole crisis. I get  from having governed during SARS, but it feels like we’re needlessly clueless in America.
61. Not really sure what to say about this figure tonight. How irresponsible not to have done more to stop this before in Spain, with the Chinese data available and the experience of Italy just next door. It is out of their control. Coronavirus continues its exponential growth.
Good! Wash Their Filthy Lying Mouths Out With Soap & Tell Them To Stop Eating Bats, Rats, Cats & Dogs! State Department summons Chinese ambassador over 'blatant' disinformation campaign on coronavirus  #FoxNews
It was reported today that the American  had intercepts and reported the Chinese were misreporting the covid-19 data. trump did nothing.
Management of COVID-19 coagulopathy due to the chinese paper. 1. Test coagulation, 2. Use thromboprophylaxis, 3. Correct the DIC promptly and consider low dose iv unfractionated heparin, 4. Exclude coagulation problems due to other drugs. 5/5 
It’s extremely cool that our health care system is now centered around GoFundMe and the largess of Chinese billionaires lmao  …
Many millions of Chinese have not forgotten Dr. Li Wenliang who first sounded the alarm and was ignored and called before the police to be accused of "rumor mongering" (lest we forget the authoritarianism of China). He ultimately died of COVID19.  … 32/
The U.S. is blaming China, China is blaming the U.S.,Dean Koontz’s 1981 “Edge of Darkness”book claims the U.S. secretly recruited a Chinese scientist who hijacked the virus for the Feds.America also recruited top Nazi scientists to do the same thing following WWII.Both are guilty 
Prima che finisca il lockdown, impariamo la lezione. “The WHO credits the curbing of China’s outbreak to the country’s meticulous identification of cases and contacts. Chinese authorities quarantined contacts — at home and in facilities where they were monitored for 14 days.”  …
Went to the supermarket after work. What a mistake. Saw two white ladies trying to buy up all the rice. An old Chinese lady politely took a bag off their stack and kept it moving.
Twitter Won't Remove Chinese Official's Conspiracy Theory Suggesting US Army Secretly Infected Wuhan With COVID-19 ⁦ @Twitter⁩ & @Jack side with monsters who put millions of minorities into concentration camps & harvest their  …
A Chinese gov't official says the U.S. is responsible for the coronavirus?? Are these people for real? Who thinks China should just shut up?After the virus started there & they covered it up allowing it to spread all over the world. Disgusting
Hi Friends - Here are some slide decks and materials we created to help students understand #COVID19. There are materials in English, Spanish and Chinese for these levels: Preschool Pre-K-1st grade 2nd-5th Grade Middle School and High School  
also, a special thank you to the chinese grocery store that was fully stocked and had no crowds (likely bc of racism) when sam's club and walmart were packed like bernie rallies
A young dad in #Shanghai created a portable safety cabin to prevent his baby from the risk of #COVID19 infection in public places like hospitals. Chinese netizens lauded the tool, calling it a hardcore cosplay of action game #DeathStranding. 
Chinese billionaire to send US 500,000 coronavirus test kits, 1 million face masks  
US State Department summons Chinese Ambassador:”China is seeking to deflect criticism for its role in starting a global pandemic and not telling the world. Spreading conspiracy theories is dangerous... We wanted to put the government on notice.”  …
a chinese man is helping US people and y’all in return are being racist wow  …
@SpeakerPelosi @JoeBiden @BernieSanders are somewhat responsible for where we’re at today. They’ve been in politics so long their China and healthcare policies contributed to testing failures and Chinese made drugs sold out our pharma co to China.
this guy on the tube tonight told my asian friend to “stop speaking chinese” (he wasn’t) and says angrily “no chinese in england”. the sad thing is, i wasn’t that surprised. racism surrounding coronavirus seems  now. pls stop with the ignorance :/ 
Real Americans know you are working hard for us despite the Chinese propaganda CNN is peddling.
This could prove to be a major geopolitical moment where Chinese philanthropy, as well as political & professional leadership, steps up in a big way on the world stage. The US is shutting down as China ramps back up. Curious to see how this plays out.  …
By this logic, the Chinese government is way more at fault. But just keep the TDS going.
Chinese business owners are known for segregation in African nations. Tbh I blame the authorities  …
A planeful of Chinese COVID-19 experts and 30 tons of medical supplies has arrived in Italy.  
This is an excellent summary of the Chinese approach to tackling coronavirus and goes a long way to explaining how they managed to control the disease - and why the west hasn't yet 
The Chinese Communist Party is crowing about its response to the coronavirus, but @elilake is skeptical  via @bopinion
Jan. 11 Chinese scientists posted the genome of #COVID19 Jan. 15 first U.S. patient About Jan 18 Berlin had produced the first test By the end of Feb WHO shipped tests to 60 countries Trump REFUSED Mar 13 national emergency declared while test are still not done in mass
The victim found the school teacher and principal (schoolmaster?) to handle the case but the principal didn’t stay behind after  The teacher then talked with her and the Chinese students. Chinese said they were in discussion but actually they just kicked the door. 
Twitter - "Chinese billionaire Jack Ma will donate one million masks to the US" Chinese billionaire Jack Ma will donate one million masks to the US  …
This is very bad news. Singaporean & Chinese analysis is finding that COVID-19 is often spread by people who aren't yet showing symptoms. This means govt's 'delay' strategy of self isolating for a week once symptoms have appeared won't work.  …
“Right now, we've seen particularly troubling instances of discrimination directed at  particularly in  de Blasio said. 
Chinese special agents spreading it around the world; they prefer a worldwide recession, to an isolated Chinese depression!! The don’t care one jot about the thousands of deaths across the planet, just their standing in the worlds top economies!
Why international travels are still open in the Philippines? Japan cancelled temporarily all visas for Chinese and Koreans. US cancelled all travels from Europe. And many countries did the same. Pero Pinas open pa rin? Si Xi na naman? Ang mga POGO?
Can we put 2+2 together and realize that the Biden crime family has Chinese affiliation? Tell me why China, coronavirus & Biden family don't play a role in the latest attempt to destroy USA & Trump & Trump admin.?
Not only do we owe the Chinese government trillions of dollars, but we are a charity case for their billionaires  …
@HKHIIAD @demosisto @lukedepulford Don’t know if you have been heard before but this has to be stopped immediately!! Five Chinese students disturbed to the dormitory/hostel of HongKong student who supports Hong Kong independence and Taiwan independence. 
Chinese businessman to donate 500,000 test kits and 1 million masks to the US “The crisis presents a huge challenge to all humankind in a globalized world. The pandemic we face today can no longer be resolved by any individual country,”  …
After a Chinese ambassador suggested the US military planted the coronavirus in Wuhan, the @StateDept had a meeting with him and "stern" words were 
Chinese grandmother, 103, recovers from coronavirus after six days  … via @MailOnline
The Italian outbreak coincided with the end of Chinese Lunar Year and the return of 1000s of holidaying workers without symptoms. This Reuters story is from 2013:  …
About RMB 719,575($102,699). This is the medical cost of a COVID-19 ICU patient.This is not the highest medical cost currently. But these are all paid by the Chinese government. These are free in China. #COVID19 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
I tweeted an article earlier about the two Chinese nurses who were infected. One survived and one died. The most inspiring and heartbreaking thing from that article was that the one who died was sending messages about how she couldn't wait to get back to helping people.
Breaking News I’m informing all those using Chinese phones to leave this app top now Because they are likely to carry CORONA VIRUS. I dont want to mention your name just leave in peace
has the World’s Best Response to #coronavirus according to a WHO official. This is a little hard to believe but no doubt has contained the disease relatively well given large Chinese population & pilgrims return from Iran  …
Daxingshan Temple situated on West Xingshansi Street of Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. The temple originally built in 265-289 in the Jin Dynasty (265-420). It is one of the oldest Buddhist temples in China and a birthplace of Chinese Tantric Buddhism (Vajrayana). 
Today some of my friends and I were turned away at a Chinese restaurant in Nigeria for being black. We were told they only allow Chinese people to dine in and we’d have to take out to eat their food. What a world we live in.
Xukun didn't go through 2 survival shows, 2 groups, a lawsuit and struggling in chinese entertainment industry without an agency for some random people who only listen to 1 (one) of his songs on spotify to say he's not suitable for being a PD because he is "too young"
Ordering Chinese tonight because 1. I LOVE LO MEIN and 2. Because the racism they are facing currently is absolutely unfair and obscene. Fuck these Karen’s. Support your local Asian markets and businesses during this time.
Friendly reminder: If you can afford to and are able to eat out, eat at a local Chinese Restaurant. They’re probably taking a hit from all the idiots thinking you can get COVID19 from Chinese food
I distinctly remember that the Chinese scientist put in charge in China was described as a biological WARFARE expert. WARFARE  …
Ayatollah Khamenei: ‘There Is Evidence’ Chinese Coronavirus Is ‘a Biological Attack’  via @BreitbartNews @NCRIUS
I feel bad for some of these Chinese restaurants man. I just drove past The Chinatown in my city and no one is there
Chinese businessman to donate 500,000 test kits and 1 million masks to the U.S.  via @politico
#Latest: Plane carrying Chinese medical supplies for Europe lands in #Belgium 
remember when wayv performed at mama 2019, the only chinese group their, won best new asian artist and performed with no props just themselves and the stage and went viral on literally all forms of social media, yeah thats the tweet 
New @LifeologyApp course: “What do I need to know about the 2019 novel #coronavirus?”  … (English)  … (Chinese). Please share - a collab with @ShaunaMBennett @elfylandstudios @MackayIM @HKalodimos 
#US summoned China's ambassador in #Washington to the State Department this morning,after a Chinese official suggested that the US military responsible for bringing the #Coronavirus to #Wuhan, the epicenter of the global pandemic. #有啲嘢唔係屈美國就有人信㗎  …
People want it to be from bat soup so bad so they can give it the old “ew Chinese people eat everything ” when it’s literally not relevant and plain ignorant
Iranian, Russian and Chinese officials claim COVID-19 is a biological weapon 
I ordered takeout from our go-to Chinese restaurant to try and support them, and may have gone overboard ordering. They included chopsticks and fortune cookies for 10. (There are 3 of us.) 
This Chinese medical team traveled to Italy to help with the coronavirus pandemic. The experts helped manage the crisis in China AVIDGEL and will share their knowledge. They brought along 9 cargo pallets of medical supplies like ventilators and face masks Meaning of humanity 
The Chinese government is going to tell everyone that the US is responsible for the virus and the Chinese people are going to believe it because as I have said before The Chinese government is  villain but in real life
Call it coronavirus. Call it COVID-19. But when you use racist terms like "Chinese coronavirus" or "Wuhan virus," you put your AAPI neighbors in danger. Listen to CDC Director Robert Redfield:  …
People keep saying, "we're only at the beginning!" Really? China and S. Korea look like they have this beat. Only .006% of the Chinese population became infected.
Chinese billionaire shows greater concern for Americans than Donald Trump!  …
As the country grapples with how to deal with a new and unknown pandemic, Democrats and the "news" media have hit a new low by voluntarily  mouthpieces for the Chinese Communist Party.  …
I think it would shock many people to learn how many western countries do this with multinational corporations. Just because it says made in the U.S.A or Italy, it does not mean Chinese slaves were not imported to do all the work. and yes this happens it the U.S too! 
I was watching a Chinese movie and suddenly one actor started coughing, I immediately switched off my TV. I hate nonsense play.
Meanwhile Chinese national, Jack Ma, benevolently donates much needed testing to the US.  …
Anyways, just like it is NOT OKAY to be fucking pricks to Chinese people, it is NOT OKAY to be fucking pricks to Italian people My great great grandpa and pregnant great great grandma did not immigrate to the USA from Italy in 1924 just for you asshats to be fucking clowns
50% of all Chinese firms would immediately go bankrupt, Vietnam has like 30 total cases and the anti-viral is literally just a random anti-viral people have been using all over the world, please stop saying this shit. Like obviously the US and UK Moreover, ICE must be destroyed
OK, the Wuhan China Covid-19 Chinese Coronavirusvirus, brought to you by the Wuhan China Bio-Weapons research facility, in Wuhan, China.
China's building all those hospitals because their regular health care system is so bad that people regularly attack doctors for killing their families through malpractice and if Chinese corporations actually paid out the social insurance they owe Moreover, ICE must be destroyed  …
Hello, you can read it here: Thread by @EenaRuffini: NEW : CBS News has confirmed that the State Department hauled in the Chinese ambassador for…  …. See you soon.
News AnalysisThe #CoronavirusPandemic is crippling #Manufacturing, heightening the potential default risk for #Chinese corporations that borrowed $1.6 trillion in US dollar-denominated  …
I just switched my keyboard to chinese, @Apple 
We may never be as efficient as the Chinese,but I have a feeling we  out of this stronger, healthier, more humble, less lavish,better able to tolerate ambiguity,more grateful, closer to nature, more patriotic and as ready as ever to fight back for our country. 
Hey @CNN & all you other Chinese Communist talking point users heads up!  …
"Might be US Army who brought virus epidemic to Wuhan": Chinese official  
The Justice Department is investigating ZTE Corp. for possible bribes of foreign officials, which could subject the Chinese telecom giant to a fresh round of criminal penalties amid increasing tensions between the U.S. and China. 
Also, Jerry Falwell Jr. suggested this morning — without evidence — that COVID-19 is a bioweapon created by North Korea and the Chinese. He said an "owner of a restaurant" suggested that to him, so he repeated it on live national television.  …
Does the Chinese Basketball League offer League Pass? Asking for a friend. 
The Chinese are now threatening to not sell America ingredients and medicines we need  the CoronaVirus... Trump warned us in 2015 and 2016 about China.. He was right about them AGAIN!
#BREAKING: Plane carrying Chinese medical supplies for Europe lands in Belgium 
support your local chinese owned businesses!
The Chinese tested them on arrival for maybe then more prominently African diseases, but never got tested by @GovernmentZA on arrival for a now prominent Chinese disease.. @CyrilRamaphosa amaphosa & DrZweliMkhize, where are have your balls hidden your senses &  …
THE MEDIA IS A JOKE. Watch: 35 Times The Media Said ‘Wuhan’ Or ‘Chinese Coronavirus’ – But They Blame The GOP  …
An older woman in front of me demanded her drink get remade because her barista was Asian. When I tried to inform her how irrational that request was, she turned and sneered, “are YOU Chinese?” I replied, “no, but your ugly-ass knockoff purse is.” Shut your racist asses up.
“ #WuhanVirus spread in #Wuhan in October 2019. @XiJingpingReal did nothing.  silenced the MD who warned them! #China is not going to get away with infecting the world with this #ChineseCoronavirus!” @SenTomCotton @seanhannity #ChinaCoronaVirus 
To hell with every globalist career politician who lined their pockets with Chinese cash while using the power of their office to make it easier for American manufacturers to export entire industries so that T-shirts could be made for 25 cents and sold back to us for 25 dollars.
