Glad to see parents engaging and speaking out against what their children are being taught.. They could have copied calligraphy of English words or Hebrew or Chinese, or Japanese
Feels like a fair number of Americans would be fine with Chinese or Russian rule as long as there was beer, porn, snacks, and sports channels - and if they felt their new overlords were not looking down on them for trading liberty for beer, porn, snacks, and sports channels.
4/But this reasoning is flawed. Because it tacitly accepts the frame of racial nationalism - i.e., the idea that the Chinese government is the collective representative of the Chinese race.
Anti-vaxxers using the coronavirus as an excuse to be anti-Chinese when they don’t even get the flu shot to protect their own children is peak irony.
I’ve reached out to Twitter for clarity on this but it looks like ZeroHedge may have been suspended following my piece about them doxing a Chinese scientist and accusing him of weaponizing the #coronavirus  
Take this with a grain of salt Wait for confirmation about this coronavirus being "engineered" But keep in mind the city where it started is home to two level 4 bio-warfare laboratories run by the Chinese military Don't freak out but PLAN ACCORDINGLY  …
Reason? The Powers That Be - @Twitter, @Facebook and @Google - have decided to block any information regarding the #coronarvirus that they deem inaccurate. You know, kind of like the  Chinese government. #BigTech
CPAC is slightly less open-minded than the Chinese Communist Party.  …
I look forward to a day when Brits can live and work anywhere they like in the EU, when Chinese and Nigerian citizens travel freely around the world, when international migration is treated as presumptively good rather than bad. But I'm not holding my breath.
What should you do if you find an invasive Chinese mitten crab? Do not throw it back alive! Take a close-up photo Note the precise location Report it at this link:  Freeze the crab Mitten Crab Hotline: (443) 
House passes Tibet human rights bill The bill states that if Chinese officials interfere in the process of recognizing a successor or reincarnation of the Dalai Lama, they will be subject to sanctions under the Global Magnitsky Act.  …
Coronavirus panic incites racism against Chinese people and their diets 
I don’t know a single Chinese person who eats bats, dogs, or rats. But I do know millions of Americans miss out on ridiculously delicious Chinese food not found in Panda Express because they’re just scared of it. 
“The WHO urged countries to avoid travel restrictions, but very soon after that, the USA did the opposite," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said in a statement on Friday. "It's truly mean." EXCUSE ME! China did same to Mexico in 2009.  …
It’s been wild, January 2020 in summary: - Australia’s burnt to bits - Chinese plague - WW3 - Tragic death of Kobe Bryant, his daughter & another family. - after 67 years prepping, Brexit - Megan & Harry gone rogue
The #coronavirus panic is reigniting old strains of racism and xenophobia that frame Chinese people as uncivilized, barbaric “others," writes @eater reporter @jennygzhang. 
Learn how to differentiate between Chinese people and other Asians. When you’ve learnt this, then treat the Chinese exactly the same as you would any other person on the planet. With kindness. We are all nervous, and we are all in this together.
The sad thing is that the USA is still the world's last best hope for a world that's moderately less shit. Europe's a joke built on pixie dust and bank fraud, Japan is simultaneously too sorry and not sorry enough for WW2, the Russians and Chinese are the Russians and Chinese.
A little fun (dnt take it seriously) fact about 622 1. gg posted bday msg for yb on his 622th post, then dd followed 2. Patric bday is 1985.2.26 (622) 3. Theres a place in italy called boxiao in chinese pronounce, the place has postal code 006022 4. Xz‘s ig country is italy 
CHN has banned its citizens from booking overseas tours and from purchasing overseas flights and hotel packages. So, this renders the call for Duterte to ban entry of all Chinese visitors moot. PH won’t be seeing them in the next long while.  …
5/Racists bash the Chinese government as a way of expressing anti-Chinese racism BECAUSE they buy into the racial-nationalist frame. They see the Chinese government as an extension of the Chinese race. By accepting this frame, we would play into their racism.
The streets of the Chinese city of Wuhan now resemble a horror movie as the deadly coronavirus spreads and claims new victims. Warning: Distressing. Full story:  : Hector 
A sick Chinese passenger prompted a 12-hour lockdown of a cruise ship with 7,000 people on board. Everyone was released after tests returned negative for coronavirus  
Time To Panic? More Chinese Restaurants Handing Out Fortune Cookies That Just Say 'Death By Coronavirus'  …
3/The typical reasoning is this: 1. The coronavirus epidemic is leading to racism against Chinese people 2. These racists often criticize the Chinese government 3. Thus, criticizing the Chinese government over coronavirus aids and abets those racists, and is thus racist.
If you don’t know anything about the Chinese government know that perception to the rest of the world means everything. They will lie, omit, falsify, alternative fact, photoshop, and pretend their way through anything negative. Whatever they say it’s probably 3x worse.
So far 700 boxes and artifacts from the Museum of Chinese in America's collections have been saved after last week's devastating fire. City agencies teamed up to save these priceless pieces of culture. Together we will keep this history alive and help Chinatown rebuild. 
white ppl have some nerve trying to shun chinese ppl when they are the dirtiest breed out
"Many patients with coronavirus have already made full recoveries. According to Chinese officials, most of those who've died were elderly or had other ailments  their immune systems." 
For true leadership one only needs to look to Singapore who is denying entry to all Chinese who have visited China within the past fortnight even those in transit are prohibited. We need a singaporean style government. That would fix the left and criminal elements and PC.
For the people saying is not racism, IT IS, my boyfriend's family is Chinese, he wasnt even born there and has never being there but the fact that he has asians features makes people look at Him in a bad way and they even change sits Like the fuck is wrong with it.
I learned how to handle disappointment as soon as I became an adult. How? We finally got Chinese Democracy.
....they were planning and Allah too was planning, and Allah is the Best of the planners. (Al-Anfal 8:30) Today the Chinese PRESIDENT is Asking Muslims to pray Don't forget to share the victory with the Muslims. @dadeen__ @uss @AdamSB___ @___FAREED
Let’s hope the Chinese disgusted by this practice push to get it ended.  …
Ole signed Ighalo from the Chinese league to bring the coronavirus to the Uk to stop Liverpool from winning the league, my manager 
and hijaab. Now they All dresses in similar manner. They banned #MesutOzil from China for Speaking against their evil act against the Muslims, today more than 35Million Chinese have been banned from traveling to other countries.
It’s not racism. People are scared not because of the Chinese people but bcoz of the virus. Di hamak naman na mas may kakayahan ang China to treat the victims kesa dito sa Pinas. Most Filipinos can’t even afford to eat 3 meals a day, gamot pa kaya? Sana isipin niyo rin sila.
While many #ChineseNewYear celebrations have been tweaked this year because of concerns around the coronavirus, many of us Chinese Americans from RI got together to celebrate this sacred holiday. 
4) And for everyone: Please read the statement from the Chinese Embassy here:  …. I can only say again: #StandWithHongKong and #FiveDemandsNotOneLess
5. 18622 xz short memo, the last line is 如果我是一首歌 its a title of song, dnt search song trans fr ur own health 6. The summer solstice is always on the 21st or 22nd, June is the midsummer of the Gregorian calendar. On 2019 22th june is may 20 on chinese calendar (520) 
Need a snack for the Big Game this weekend? Try out Trader Sam’s panko-crusted Chinese long beans with sriracha mayonnaise:  
All these clubs signing these random players from the Chinese League who used to play in Europe on the last day of the transfer window like it's the NBA Draft ffs
The Uyghur Crisis is on the agenda at the Holocaust Museum. UHRP's @omerkanat1 will speak February 5 on the systematic Chinese government program detaining millions, breaking up families, punishing prayer, razing mosques and paving cemeteries.  …
I love this quote from the Chinese Embassy in Copenhagen: “On January 23, a few individuals in Denmark and the Amnesty International erected an anti-China sculpture outside the Danish parliament”. Come on China - the few individuals was the Green Party @alternativet_
NEW: Chinese city of Chongqing reports 1st death from coronavirus, raising overall death toll to 259  …
Farage: Chinese Money Has Corrupted the British System  …
The first charter flight sent by the Chinese government to bring home stranded #Hubei residents from overseas arrived in #Wuhan Friday evening. Departing from Thailand's Bangkok, the airplane brought back 76 
Sizt listen it's Virus vs. Us Not Us vs. Chinese :(
hate the virus, not the chinese!
China has reported almost 10,000 coronavirus infections within their country, but they may be fudging the numbers. The true number could be ten times that, according to a new report, as the virus spreads "exponentially in multiple major Chinese cities." 
Yeah, it’s all because of climate change and has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that the Chinese eat bats ... but look the other way folks ... climate climate climate!!  …
A Chinese film—Zheng Lu Xinyuan's THE CLOUD IN HER ROOM—has taken the top prize at @IFFR for the third year running, following Cai Chengjie's THE WIDOWED WITCH in 2018 and Zhu Shengze's PRESENT. PERFECT. last  …
Have I mentioned that my booth is across the aisle from a BIG one promoting  and animation? They have a monitor, which either displays pages  or talks up “the largest animation school in the world,“ in China. 
Serbian minister for Kosovo on his visit last year to Xinjiang: "Ofc there is a huge effort by provincial and Chinese govt to deradicalise certain elements trying to abuse ethnic and religious tensions and using it as an instrument to...weaken China for some cynical reason..."  …
Food for thought: Why does Ivanka Trump (through her father’s position) now have (Chinese) trademarks on among other things sausage casings and voting machines? Kind of a stretch from her now defunct 
What do Chinese whistle blowers say about #Wuhan #coronarvirus? Chinese youtuber/political show host Mr. Lude said following: 1. China held military drill on Sep. 18th. Before the drill, officials of Hubei province was given a medicine can block corona virus. To be continued 
The people of China need to know that their government has sent #Coronavirus to Iran for the past many decades by supporting the terrorist regime of Iran. Iran's regime has killed and imprisoned hundreds of people by the money paid to them by the Chinese government... #MAGA  …
160,000 Chinese students attend our universities. Many thousands will shortly arrive for start of academic term. @uniaus, unis & @healthgovau are talking about this influx, but they should act now to suspend entry of students from China & defer their studies #auspol #coronavirus
The  is demanding an apology from two newspapers over their reporting on #coronavirus. #MastersOfSpin @JaneCaro and @DeeMadigan joined us to 
The Chinese in China (and elsewhere) will not quickly forget how we are treating them. This xenophobia must stop. Instead of closing our borders we should galvanise our resources & send help to the Chinese. This is a global problem. #nCoV2019 #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak
he called it by it’s chinese name because he’s literally chinese?? and was talking on a chinese radio show? what’s not clicking luv  …
Source for info on new Spanish case below. It says the person was in contact with someone in Germany diagnosed with the virus, which I assume means one of the German employees but could mean the Chinese employee when she visited Germany.  …
Tottenham Hotspur failed in a surprise late bid to sign Eran Zahavi, the top scorer in the Chinese Super League, in a desperate attempt to solve their striker crisis - @JBurtTelegraph  …
So a Chinese employee of  visited  in Germany & didn't show symptoms in Germany, but now 6 employees of  who had contact with her have the virus, one of their kids has the virus, and someone in Spain who had contact with them has the virus
If it is proven that the Chinese Government has engineered the virus and lost control of it, what should be done?
Bit of a left-field one.. but Tottenham Hotspur have run out of time  the loan deal of Israeli international Eran Zahavi, top-scorer in the Chinese Super League with Guangzhou R&F. More on @TeleFootball
Of course he did. Bill Gates predicted a coronavirus-like outbreak - down to it starting at a Chinese market - in 2019  …
Scoop: Joe Biden gets endorsement from Gary Locke, first Chinese American named U.S. ambassador to China 
Odion Ighalo's record in the Chinese Premier League: Apps: 74(2) Goals: 46 Assists: 5 Shots per game: 3.6 Times Fouled per game: 2.7 WS Rating: 7.16 Join Manchester United 
I don't disagree. The silver lining here is that outside of China, there haven't yet been any recorded fatalities. The 2% case-fatality rate may just be the result of abysmal Chinese socialized health care. The case-fatality rate may end up much lower in a developed nation.  …
Very interesting FT story on Huawei's rise (and its current role in Britain's 4G networks) Seems like China's "buy Chinese/ localization" policies helped jump start China's network equipment manufacturing ecosystem.  
Chinese Officials Get Preventive Treatment for Coronavirus, While Ordinary Citizens Are Turned Away by Hospitals  …
726 cases now in city of Huanggang (next to Wuhan) 628 cases in Xiaogan (also next to Wuhan) (source: Chinese gov't)
And can't we fight both? Both is racism and both are not okay. So if a Chinese Muslim who has never been to China was rejected service solely due to her race, are you okay with it?
Nigerian Prince. Coronavirus in his veins. Coughs on markers. Chinese league R9. AFCON legend. Straight outta Quarantine. Prem ain’t ready. Defenders have families. African Gunman.
The #UnitedNations @OHCHRAsia is under fire after being exposed for giving the names of dissidents and #HumanRights activists to the Chinese #Communist regime, then persecuting the #Whistleblower who exposed the  …
43. Zero Hedge, a pro-Trump website, has doxxed a Chinese scientist it falsely connected to the spread of coronavirus. The site is trying to portray the virus as a real-life Resident Evil scenario. That's far from the truth, @broderick  …
Feels odd to be watching highlights of a Nigerian playing in the Chinese league as a prospect for United. But thanks to Ole here we are
Odion Ighalo will fly to England tomorrow ahead of his loan move to Manchester United from Chinese club Shanghai Shenhua. 
We must remember, Chinese and Filipinos are the same. There are good and bad people, use your energy when fight is needed. Show gratitude to those who deserve it. Always bestow your fair and unbiased judgement to each and every individual.
using “it’s just a funny meme” as justification for literal discrimination against asian ppl, ESPECIALLY chinese ppl, bc of the corona virus isn’t cute or slick.. it’s not a joke. you’re just racist! still discriminating! not something you should even ATTEMPT to joke about anyway
"We cannot sit back and let people who hold racist views use the conoravirus as an excuse to vilify members of the Australian  “Our leaders, and indeed all Australians must call out sinophobia whenever and wherever they see it."  …
Craved Chinese food. Couldn’t wait to eat it so I’m in a parking lot next door 
Support local Chinese businesses who are facing stigmatization & discrimination with recent events. Between events today, I stopped by First #Markham Place for some delicious treats! Don’t let fear divide us. We are stronger together. 
Man United signing a 38 year old Chinese super league reject. Yep, he would fit right in at United. 
Person A: “EUUCHHH, can you BELIEVE what the Chinese eat? Rats... bats... snails... these savages are fucking disgusting” Person B: *writes Medium article on growing bigotry against the Chinese* A: “Now LIBERALS are telling us our DIETS are racist. ‘Eat the bat, BIGOT’.”
Students from #Pakistan studying in #china are satisfied with measures taken by Chinese government against #coronarvirus, they vowed to defeat the outbreak of this disease which created uncertainty across the world. We are with China in this great 
help set up a chemical/biological “Research” laboratory in China. Also arrested were two Chinese “Students” working as research assistants, one of whom was actually a lieutenant in the Chinese Army, the other captured at Logan Airport as he tried to catch a flight to China -
Sheffield United have had a busy #DeadlineDay with the signings of forward Richairo Zivkovic from Chinese side Changchun Yatai and Greece defender Panos Retsos.
friendly reminder that the flu has killed 10,000 people in the United States since like September so being racist about Chinese "health standards" is a weird take  …
chinese, black, white, mexican, no matter who, all racial lines blur when the guy has down syndrome. they all look like modulations of the same archetypal downs ubermensch. thereby, to end racism, i propose the D.O.W.N's Initiative, [Model U.N moderator cuts my mic]
#002 out of 318 pairs. One of the best CNY to release this year. Even use real Chinese Money 
I love @biorxivpreprint but I am a lot worried about this #preprint, which has been widely shared and fuels conspiracy theories on #nCoV2019 and Chinese bioweapons based on flawed analyses.
For those who have blocked me over my stance on the subject, I stand by my opinion, it is better to quarantine than be sorry. You cannot trust the Chinese government to be truthful in these situations. #Quarantine  …
Breaking News Manchester United signs Ighalo from The Chinese League, Shame he'll be in a quarantine for 2 weeks
Some new #nCoV2019 modelling in @TheLancet looking at global spread: - R0 2.68 - ~76k infex in Wuhan to Jan 25 - Doubling time 6.4d - Exponential epidemics in major Chinese cities w 1-2wk lag time - Self sustaining outbreaks likely globally without 'substantial' intervention 
Barca, Atletico, Man United and Dortmund all rate the Chinese league enough to sign their players. But you think Ighalo's Chinese league and AFCON stats aren't proof he's quality. You're on your own.
When you’re eating at a chinese restaurant and hear a cough in the kitchen 
Odion Ighalo go fly to England tomorrow. E dey relocate from Chinese club Shanghai Shenhua to Manchester United. (Source: Telegraph) #DeadlineDay 
The USA  in the Chinese situation. Check where your shoes, clothes and haircut are from, Hippocrate. It’s not up to a coach to change our national policy.
Yes. The Chinese scientists have evidence that an enzyme found in the lungs in East Asians make them more susceptible to to the virus. Does this mean that the virus won’t mutate and infect other races? No. But your risk as a White man is very low.  …
More items retrieved today from @mocanyc’s fire-damaged archives bldg. Exciting moment when these came out: paper sculptures made in detention by some of 286 undocumented Chinese who were on Golden Venture, ship that ran aground in NY in 1993. Ten died, 52 were in detention 4 yrs 
Odion Ighalo will fly to England tomorrow ahead of his loan move to Manchester United from Chinese club Shanghai Shenhua. (Source: Telegraph) 
Get ready for a special day at The Fortress for Chinese New Year on Feb. 8 #VegasBorn More info:  
Ighalo said ‘Favour is better than labour’ and you people dragged him Now he’s signing with Man United, one of the biggest clubs in the world All the way from Chinese League
We just banned every Chinese national from entry to the United States due to a WHO Global Health Emergency and the press is obsessing over a procedural whip count in an impeachment trial Americans tuned out a month ago.
Western investors aren't going to be enthusiastic about any nation; 1. Considered by the US Government to be a "security risk". 2. Under any kind of visa ban from the US Government. 3. Which in addition has an unserious government. Get ready for more Chinese investors.
Chickity China the Chinese chicken You have a drumstick and your brain stops tickin' Watchin X-Files with no lights on, We're dans la maison I hope the Smoking Man's in this one  …
At the end of an article that included the scientist's name, photo, email, and a phone number, ZeroHedge told their readers they “should probably pay [the Chinese scientist] a visit.”  …
Kurdish Islamist Imam said:“ im ready to treat Chinese people to recover from Corona virus with Quranic verses“. He also said I treated many ppl to recover from AIDS“ He also drinks camel‘s Urin with milk 
"The fact that the Chinese Super League's 19th highest goalscorer this season is interested in joining Manchester United shows how far we   
A Pro-Trump Blog Has Doxed A Chinese Scientist It Falsely Accused Of Creating The #Coronavirus As A Bioweapon  
I respect the Chinese people and the culture. I respect the Filipino people and our culture. But as they say, it is both their rotten governments and heads of state that destroy their nations. F###them #OustDuterte
The coronavirus has  a global pandemic, yet the Chinese Communist Party continues to play politics by blocking Taiwan from participating in the @WHO. Taipei must be allowed to join international efforts to fight this virus  …
Luigi's chinese cowboy impression is so offensive that Mario's stomach ulcer practically explodes and he is unable to ask luigi to stop being so fucking racist @GalactigalSSBU 
If I’m reading the Criminal Information correctly: 2013-2015 Airbus & their Chinese Biz partner conspired to bribe & attempted to hid their bribery payments to numerous Chinese Govt Officials - routed payments via Hong Kong - insidious & odious behavior  
Evidently the Japanese 'plane sent to Wuhan to evacuate Japanese citizens came loaded with medical supplies. It has done a lot of good for Japan-Chinese relations and received an enormous outpouring of gratitude. So I strongly  that Canada do the same.
Chinese Regime Grossly Underreporting Scale of Novel Coronavirus Outbreak  … via @epochtimes
Chinese authorities are rushing to build two new hospitals in Wuhan, the city at the heart of the coronavirus outbreak, in a matter of days to  the fast-spreading virus 
Without a way back home, the Chinese Embassy is bringing back stranded Wuhan residents from Japan and Malaysia. #coronavirus  …
What is the most dangerous thing that human being has ever seen ? It’s not the weapons of mass destructions, not Coronavirus or SARS or AIDS.but it’s the nature of Chinese culture that teach to eat all animals and even human being. #coronavirus #virus 
People dying in the streets of #wuhan,doctors imprisoned merely for speaking out the truth about #coronavirus,46 million Chinese in lockdown and forcibly muted by  regime, and this apparatchik turned businessman dares tweeting about“empowerment”?Dear world, wake up.  …
We've been saying this thoughout the Obama years! But, Now more than ever, our Nation is in Great Danger! Is it from the Russians? The Chinese? Yes, but, the biggest threat is from the zombies infected with Trump Derangement Syndrome!  …
When you’re at a chinese restaurant and you cough on purpose to scare people 
Today I swung by Asian Legend to pick up delicious Chinese food for lunch. Manager Sam and his team are doing a great job! 
I'm all for taking prophylactic measures against newly discovered infections to prevent their spread, and I'm also of the mind that Chinese media is probably somewhat understating the extent of the outbreak, but the level of panic strikes me as . . . unwarranted?
It’s been incredible how many calls there have been to end wildlife consumption from all sectors of Chinese government, academia, media & members of the public. It’s been one of the major themes in reports and discussions on the virus here 
Xi Jinping disappeared for two weeks in 2012. A well-connected Chinese reformer later told me that Xi probably had a secret meeting with the amorphous group of party elders during this time. Maybe they have summoned him now for a report following the outbreak of the coronavirus?  …
chinese people are being demonised for eating frogs, rabbits and other wild animals but let me remind everyone: 1. that french people eat frogs too yet thats seen as high class 2. theres an expensive restaurant in auckland that only serves wild animals/game 3. you eat human ass
chinese students walking to class at Wuhan University 
A bioweapon spill would clarify why Xi put 50 million people on lockdown when only a few thousand people had it. He knew what  We all know the Chinese numbers are fake, but there was never an explanation why he went this overboard when it was looking like a SARS rerun.
#FridayNightFrills Rear view of a stunning 18th Century Court dress, Robe à la Française of Chinese cerulean blue silk woven with a large-scale white and platinum floral, 1750-1770 via Whitaker Auctions 
Have a few friends there as well. They all say it's much, much worse. Also say that Chinese officials were aware of #coronavirus dangers BEFORE the Chinese New Year and repressed the news. Working on confirmation. To your point, I wouldn't trust a word out of the Chinese govt.
Love this piece by @washingtonpost's Doug Wong: "These suspicions are rooted in age-old tropes about Chinese food, and they are still used against Chinese immigrants and Chinese Americans, especially during crises such as the current coronavirus outbreak."  …
'150 Pakistanis stuck at Chinese airport appeal to govt. to be evacuated.'  … #coronarvirus
Overseas  in #Britain have been donating money and medical supplies to help the fight against the novel #coronavirus in 
New summer program to study Classical Japanese, Kanbun, or Classical Chinese in Venice. Yes, in Venice! Please consider applying and spread the word. 
Meanwhile, union of healthcare workers, Hospital Authority Employees Alliance, reacted to #CarrieLam’s press con that, they would go on strike if the frontier stayed open, and urged govt disclose the actual numbers of Chinese visitors. Quit playing games alrdy, Hong Kong govt. 
Bold move by Singapore in suspending visas to mainland Chinese passport holders despite being one of the most popular destination for PRC tourists. Meanwhile Malaysia, our minister still keen to meet tourists KPI, even from China.  …
So it is true afterall. The bloody han chinese have created a deadly biological weapon. Airborne HIV virus. It took a bunch of Indians at IIT Delhi to expose it. Everything adds up now. All the hospital building propaganda, lockdowns etc.  
"Restaurants and retailers in Korea and Japan, in which the Chinese account for a third of all tourists, have posted signs on their storefronts saying 'No Chinese Allowed.' "  …
Those videos went viral on Chinese social media too, but  sentiments From the original background music/footage production you can tell it’s made into funny/parody videos where Chinese netizens found it cool, vs here all about negativity on surveillance tech  …
An Air India flight carrying 324 Indian nationals from the coronavirus hit Hubei Province of China took off from Wuhan in the early hours of Feb 1. Majority of the passengers were Indian students. We sincerely thank the Chinese government for facilitating this flight. (1/3)
This tribalism seriously needs to end. I live in the lower mainland and I’ve seen nothing remotely “racist” towards Chinese people. Stop trying to divide us into groups of victims.
Players in the Chinese Super League rn 
There is a Chinese spy MP in the Nat caucus and they discussed another MP for this $100000. Wow. It doesn't sound like @simonbridgesmp said no to them either Is this normal ok behaviour @NZNationalParty @nzherald @nzstuff @newstalkzb @1NewsNZ  …
Manchester United are in talks with Odion Ighalo’s agents. Not easy deal from Chinese club, with an high salary and with just some hours before the deadline... but #MUFC are trying. #transfers #ManUnited @433
Pinning Coronavirus on how Chinese people eat plays into racist assumptions  
Overheard while grabbing a coffee: *3 ladies discussing coronavirus “That’s why I just stay away from Chinese restaurants now” 
Countries that have restricted entry of Chinese nationals because of the #coronavirus : - Mongolia - Philippines - Kazakhstan - Macau - North Korea - Russia - Taiwan - Vietnam
They were firecrackers from the Chinese New Year! Me and @AcidaceZero was walking down the street and got spooked by them, but they were going off every hour or so. It’s just ironic that’s it’s in Oakland
Chinese UN envoy calls for global solidarity  novel #coronavirus, and avoid overreaction that may result in more negative spillover effects  
Ariel Sobel is asking if gentiles wearing Kippahs is cultural appropriating like every single cantor on an album in 1930 wasn’t wearing a Chinese scholar hat or chefs hat. 
The @StateDept said it would evacuate more Americans from the #Coronavirus-hit Chinese city of #Wuhan, offering several hundred nationals a chance to leave while they still  …
What a medical that’ll be. Two weeks in The Wirral practicing keepy-ups with random Chinese lads.
It’s actually the same mountain.. but he called it in its chinese name because he is chinese and his radio broadcast is in chinese
Horrific footage of yelping dog being barbecued alive at Chinese market shared by activists 
Everyone I see spouting their dumbass CHINESE PEOPLE ARE GROSS insults either have no profile pic, a fake profile pic, or a profile pic that is so filtered I can only assume their real face is melting from the idiocy that is spreading outward from their rotten racist core.
The U.S. Interior Department Signs No-Fly Order, Grounding All of Its Chinese-Made Drones If it was made in China—or uses Chinese parts—it ain't flying.  …
Now that all the U.S. carriers have done the right thing, time to ban all Chinese airlines from flying to the U.S.  …
HARAMBEE Stars winger Ayub Timbe joins English championship side Reading FC from Chinese second tier Beijing Renhe. 
The Nigerian elite are the most shameless in the world. A Chinese minister will admit such bill with his chest and ask. " What will you do" Over here ,they can't even admit their stupidity with their chests.
IRAQ’S STATE NEWS AGENCY SAYS BASRA AIRPORT WILL DENY ENTRY TO TRAVELERS FROM CHINA AND CHINESE CITIZENS OVER CORONAVIRUS FEARS When Iraq bans tourists, it’s bad
Chinese government money is corrupting thousands of professors at universities across the US. Congress must pass legislation to force disclosure of funding from foreign governments and  We need to create a new system for our national security.  …
It’s not the winter White House. It’s a private social club and frequent host to Chinese spies and traitorous government officials. #factsmatter
NJ has better NY style pizza and bagels (and Chinese food!) than NY does NJ has better cheesesteaks than Philly NJ has better seafood than MD Not sure why NJ is the butt of all those states’ jokes, but they should kiss Jersey’s feet for all that we’ve contributed to food culture  …
'A victory lap over a very unfortunate, very malignant disease' - Trump official on Chinese coronavirus 
#FunFactFriday Nigeria will close a $2.5bn financing agreement with Chinese lenders by the start of the second quarter of 2020 to fund the single biggest gas pipeline project in the country’s history.
© Fan Ho (Chinese #photographer, 1931 - 
Wasn't there a Chinese doctor who was recently arrested for genetically engineering two human children with CCR5 receptors resistant to the gp120 protien?
Had the Chinese Communist regime not hidden the information, the spread of #coronavirus could've been detected earlier. 17 years after SARS, we observe concealment again. It'll take a year before vaccines  available. Maintain personal  …
He and they care less about God than a meatball cares about the Chinese stock market. All fake religious people, totally fake. 
Ighalo did try to get home from China yesterday and couldn’t. Coronavirus has delayed Chinese Super League. Players now looking to move. He’s keen to return to English football. Still odds against but two clubs talking about potential last minute deal.
Wash your hands, get your flu shot, and stop spreading panic about the coronavirus with stories about how "weird" Chinese foods are. As @helpmeskeletor put it, you eat lukewarm trachea and cow anus pie bought from the place you buy gas.
All: I'm hearing reports from Asians all over the world - Australia, Canada, France - that they're now afraid of physical violence just from walking around. One Australian man may have been refused CPR just because he's Chinese. He died.
Were they Chinese Business women? FLASHBACK Nov. 25, 2019 A Chinese businesswoman was sentenced on Monday to eight months in prison and ordered to be deported for trespassing at President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago club in Florida carrying a trove of electronics.  …
Harvard University Professor in Chemical & Biology Department and Two Chinese Nationals Charged in Three Separate China Related Cases - US Department of Justice (28th January 2020)  …
In Chinese culture, taking advantage of another's misfortune is the last thing a gentleman is expected to do, which is why Ross' remarks have sounded so heartless and irritating to Chinese ears. #Opinion
Coronavirus: Chinese ports grind to a halt while yards declare force majeure  … "Yards are turning away vessels from scheduled drydocks citing labour shortages. Scrubber retrofits are slipping further behind schedule" A cascading effect, impacting everyone
Posting  insider list of guests at the Aus. government round table  and individuals, including Chinese, US, other eye-opening stakeholders, carving up Australia; found by the world's best private investigator, @OsheabrianSPI 
China has done an admirable  coronavirus but racism triggered against Chinese is pathetic. Influenza, dengue& other viruses have been equally dangerous in other places. This should time for the world to 'Keep calm & support China.'  …
This video is an illustration of just how much the Chinese state is capable of inserting itself into people’s lives. Here, it’s being lauded as a tool of public health messaging. But it doesn’t take much imagination to think about how it can be used to undermine freedom  …
Chinese Embassy in India should get in touch with them ASAP and stop sending advisories! @WHO World Health Organisation which says it's a global emergency, should also note this! "Coronavirus can be treated by cow urine, dung: Hindu Mahasabha  …
To help foreigners in #China get fully informed of the situation and empowered with knowledge of best practices for #virus control and prevention, some major Chinese cities have launched foreign language support services.
Like, no one of any ethnicity should eat bats. You know who agrees? The Chinese government.
Several columns I've done I focused on how foreign states like China buy propaganda coverage from the US news media. But that's not ALL they are doing with their $$$. This is a stark warning about OTHER activities Chinese $pays for:  …
In 1877, John Boalt argued that Chinese immigrants could never assimilate and should be removed from the country. Now, UC Berkeley has removed Boalt's name from a school building after facing his white supremacist legacy.  …
People from a country that let AIDS kill more people than the Vietnam War are using a virus to justify their racism and hatred for Chinese people
Ordering Chinese food
Glad to see United do the right thing. But flights from Chinese airlines are still landing in the U.S. We need to stop  flights from mainland China into the U.S.  …
tips for learning to read chinese characters in cql — a helpful thread!  …
We face a global pandemic of Coronavirus infecting tens of millions. The first case was detected Dec 8th in Wuhan, and Chinese scientists identified, sequenced, isolated and got a test for the virus by Jan 5th. Great science. Deserving of WHO praise.
Obama , Biden administration fined JP Morgan $264 million for hiring the unqualified kids of powerful Chinese leadersBiden’s above the law cuz he fines Americans of what exactly what he did!  …
3 people tied to universities and a hospital in the Boston area indicted on charges they lied about ties to China or tried to help the Chinese government. Among them was Dr. Charles Lieber, chair of Harvard's Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology.  
The stories of  from Chinese Canadians are heartbreaking. This stigma is based on racism, not facts. Our medical professionals are working hard to keep us safe and fight #Coronavirus. Let's not hurt  by turning on our friends and  …
Big Tech claims immigration biased against India. 2007-17: Indians got 280,523 green cards; Chinese 130,248; South Koreans 115,274 & Filipinos 84,792. FY18: 243,994 Indian H-1Bs (new & renewals); 39,700 Chinese; 3,195 Koreans & 2,568 Filipinos. State & USCIS RT! @supallofus
you forgot Shaw, just disguise the virus as chinese food
btw, I've lived near the Genesis venue for 2 years. The high amount of petty crime is very annoying but I've never felt particularly unsafe. No, those weren't gunshots you heard. It was firecrackers for Chinese New Year. Chinatown is 2 blocks from the venue.
But that's on the government. Being racist to the chinese people doesn't fix that at all. You can be concerned about how a situation is being handled without going after the chinese people.
Very reassuring to read this important information from the Chief Epidemiologist at the Communist Chinese Party. Or, if that is not his title (even though he is undoubtedly qualified), it’s at least reassuring to read a public announcement that was approved by the CCP.  …
A male Beipiaosaurus down on its knuckles to drink from a river. Inspired by classical Chinese Shan-Shui art. #paleoart 
Pakistani students made video in Wuhan, China. The Chinese government is controlling the  So must confirm before sharing any video, about chine situation. Don't be part of any propaganda. May ALLAH bless. @zlj517 #PakistanZindabad #Pak_Chine_Friendship  
The biotech lab in question is located in Shanghai, not Wuhan, two Chinese cities that are approximately 500 miles away from one another. 
To equate a disease - ANY disease - with a group of people is inhumane and wrong. It reminds us that one of humanity’s most serious diseases is racism. The idea that #coronavirus is leading to anti-Chinese racism is wrong, reviling, and harms public health.
Everyone's a gangster untill the Chinese man starts coughing
peter Zeihan: Today a report signed by hundreds of (mostly Chinese) scientists indicates that the Chinese government was well aware of the virus’ human-to-human transmission as soon as early December, but chose to sit on that information for PR reasons.
Chinese New Year celebrations  to The Fortress on Feb. 8! 
Having little time to prepare and facing the shortage of medical supplies, Chinese fans for idols like #TFBOYS, #EXO, #Blackpink and #XiaoZhan try to donate funds and medical supplies efficiently to #Hubei Province, area hit hardest by #nCoV  
I'm ashamed of yall behavior towards the Chinese the spread of the virus there doesn't justify your mockery of them. I'm sick of the videos and memes that show them as a danger to humans. You've been underestimating all Asians since eternity, and this virus has been a pretext.
Can we start calling this Chinese coronavirus the Kung Flu?
The iPhone was invented in America, is powered by Central African minerals, and is brought to life by European and Asian technologies—but the World Trade Organization and the U.S. still classify it as a 100% Chinese export, writes 
Being Chinese outside of China right now... 
Few countries are as dependent on Chinese demand as Chile 
Chinese people are getting fed up, tensions are high as masks and necessities are in short supply. 50 million people are confined to their homes - can the reds afford public unrest now? #CommunismSucks #coronavirus 
#Swedish media calls for action against attacks from #Chinese officials Media body says journalists are denied visas and editors receive threatening emails  …
The coronavirus doesn't appear to be the global pandemic of nightmares and hollywood movies, but its political consequences could be dire. The already isolated and ossifying Chinese system just had a major economic hub taken offline.  …
"I'm not even scared of death, you think I'm scared of you Chinese Communist Party?" says 'Chen Qiushi' as he vows to continue to report to the world what he sees and hears on the ground in #Wuhan, despite the #CCP trying to censor him. #CoronaVirus  
He’s literally a Chinese young adult, give him a break. Knetz are too harsh on idols
Sheffield United have signed Richairo Zivkovic on loan from Chinese club Changchun Yatai. More  #sufc #DeadlineDay 
#Coronavirus in Russia: - 2 Chinese citizens diagnosed - One in Far East, the other in western Siberia - Both patients quarantined and under ‘strict monitoring’ - No immediate risk of further spread MORE:  
A new day, a new set of pins stolen, another PSA to NEVER buy pins on AliExpress or other Chinese direct sites. They are pretty much all badly done cheap knockoffs. Find the originals here on my Etsy, I promise they look much nicer.  
Are we still wondering why these Chinese folks are always the ones contracting these strange viruses?  …
Time To Panic? More Chinese Restaurants Handing Out Fortune Cookies That Just Say 'Death By Coronavirus' 
Just in | The doctors and Air India staff at #Wuhan Tianhe International Airport. They are there for the evacuation of Indians from the #coronavirus-hit Chinese city. Photo: Special Arrangement 
Mum just told me she doesn't want a Chinese takeaway tonight 'because of that bug' I despair, I really do.
My 13 year old is in a Chinese language (Mandarin) immersion school. Next month she is scheduled to go on her 8th grade class trip to Yunnan, China for 2 weeks. Yunnan is ~1,200 miles from Wuhan, epicenter of the coronavirus pandemic. Question: Should we let her go?
Chinese nationals deported after landing at Islamabad airport: sources  …
UC Berkeley removes name from law school. Boalt was instrumental in legitimizing anti-Chinese racism and in catalyzing support for passage of the Chinese Exclusion Act, the nation’s first immigration ban solely on the basis of race or nationality  …
Op. What we’re NOT gonna do is use a disease as an excuse to be racists a$$holes toward Chinese people and other people of Asian decent. Ok? Ok.
it makes me really sad how many POC are being racist towards Chinese people because they've stereotyped all Chinese as racist because of some boomers back in mainland China
Despicable! Celebrating the lethal virus! Based on belief that only Chinese will die! Commerce secretary says deadly coronavirus could be good for America  …
Chinese 
Tron is massive, by concentrating on progress means that effort will not be wasted, and puts it on the fast-track to success. How's my Chinese Justin? (That was not easy)  …
Isn't it kinda racist when Ancient Aliens is all "this ancient African/Pre-Columbian/Chinese civilization's art was clearly influenced by actual alien visitors they met" like it's just assumed these people weren't capable of creating fantasy/folklore they knew wasn't "real"?
We’ve talked before about how authoritarian surveillance states want you to know you’re being watched. The belief one is being monitored can be as coercive as actual surveillance. This video by Chinese state media demonstrates that concept using drone footage:  …
#coronavirus More pictures of people that dropped dead in #Chinese streets (dated today). Quite a bit of this lately. Via  …
Happy Chinese New Year 
Someone please stop Chinese before we hear of a Range Rover Virus!  …
Who is this woman to be speaking on behalf of the United States other than the daughter of the President (nepotism) and a seller of shitty, Chinese made clothing?
Official documents and reports reveal that some of the West’s biggest technology giants — from IBM to Microsoft — helped Huawei build the Chinese surveillance regime being weaponised against the Uighur minority.  …
My favorite pick from that draft. Lots of 
Sun Weidong, Chinese Envoy to India: As of today, 218 confirmed patients have recovered & been discharged from hospitals. The epidemic is generally preventable, controllable and curable. We have full confidence and capability to win the battle against the epidemic.  …
I still think Chinese dark humor is what keeps me going sometimes  …
Chinese dumpling  I have a few: prompted by Mike Murphy's question, here's where I'd go to experience the difference fresh pasta makes in a potsticker or har gow  …
I've seen some xenophobic cornonavirus articles, blaming it on Chinese people eating bat. Ya, blame & make fun of a culture for "strange" food, when all cultures have something unique about their cuisine, while Sharon & Karen over here bring back measles with their ignorance
Chinese woman travels to Madhya Pradesh's Mandsaur, marries her long-term boyfriend as per Indian rituals  …
Chinese Envoy to India when asked,"How is ground situation after outbreak of #Coronavirus in China?:We are in a critical period of epidemic control.We've found confirmed cases in 31 provinces, autonomous regions&municipalities in Mainland China,&in Hong Kong,Macao&Taiwan 
Harvard Uni nanoscience professor Charles Leiber arrested for lying to US authorities about Chinese ties-received $50 k a month & $1.5 million for research lab  … @ElContador2000 @Smileygirl19681 @ultimateOne @iamsuzie11 @Kalimeralynn @Janewhitt5 @KTHopkins
. @Nigel_Farage: Chinese money  corrupted the British system, and BoJo has gone with the flow on this one: one of the worst judgments I've ever seen in my life. #BrexitDay #coronavirus  
Singapore closes borders to all Chinese travellers to stem spread of coronavirus | South China Morning Post  …
Two patients in Russia have been diagnosed with the #Coronavirus and are receiving medical help. Both cases are Chinese citizens 
If you're a white person and you see another white person being an asshole towards chinese people and east asian people in general Please fucking call their racism out! Do NOT just let it slide!
Sun Weidong,Chinese Ambassador to India: State Councilor&Foreign Minister Wang Yi had a telephone conversation with External Affairs Minister Dr. Jaishankar. Mr. Wang reiterated that Chinese government has taken the  and rigorous prevention and control measures. 
If you think the current Chinese government is to the left of Bernie Sanders it is possible that your IQ qualifies you for social security disability benefits and it is certain that you live in Brooklyn
#coronavirus #Vietnam halts issuance of tourist visas to  from #China: gov’t Vietnam stopped issuing tourist visas to Chinese & anyone who stayed in China in the last 14 days, while standing ready to declare a public health emergency  …
Hospitals in the Chinese region renewed pleas to the public for help to replenish their supplies, which were fast disappearing. Some medical staff members wore raincoats and garbage bags as shoe covers to protect against infection. 
News AnalysisChinese suppliers in #Coronavirus zones may declare to legally terminate export supply chain deliveries and cause many global factories to begin running out of parts within 3 weeks, @IHSMarkit  …
Chinese influence on US academia is an alarming trend. Do yourselves a favor and read about Confucius Institutes on American college campuses.   …
bare people looking at me on the trains cos I got the sniffles - im not even chinese u stupid fucks!!!
Sun Weidong, Chinese Ambassador to India: China has been  with India to keep it informed of the development of the epidemic&China’s prevention efforts. We believe that through bilateral cooperation, India’s concerns can be properly addressed.  …
The amount of misinformation regarding #coronarvirus is driving me crazy. The person operating the drone is a civilian, an influencer with 200k follower online, NOT the police. Here’s the interview with the OP in Chinese:   …
Blaming Chinese people for the coronavirus is just the same as blaming Islam for ISIS. Giving moral support and to pray for China’s health & safety is the important thing to do at this time of crisis. At the end of the day, there is only one race; the human race.  …
Sun Weidong,Chinese Envoy to India when asked,"Will China allow India to evacuate its citizens?If yes,when can we expect evacuation to begin?':As a responsible country,China has always given top priority to health&safety of all Chinese&foreigners in Wuhan&we'll continue to do so. 
Zheng Zhu Qiang, Chinese Ambassador to assures @MinofHealthUG that “no people, mostly Chinese in Wuhan who had gone for holiday are allowed to return back to Africa and we encourage @GovUganda to make sure that Ugandans who return from are given 14 days of 
#CoronaVirus: External Affairs Minister Dr S Jaishankar speaks to Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi and thanks him for the cooperation extended by the Chinese government for the departure of Indian students and professionals from Wuhan
Chinese coronavirus death toll may be higher 'because officials are cremating bodies' 
The #coronavirus was transmitted from animals to humans at a live market in a densely populated Chinese city. Will @DrDemetre (NYC's head of disease control) prevent a disease outbreak in NYC by shutting down illegal slaughter of 100K+ animals during #Kaporos sacrifice? 
 back: The first charter flight sent by the Chinese government brought home 76 stranded Hubei residents from Thailand's Bangkok. 
Hate the virus not the chinese people
Coronavirus-hit StayCity hotel in York remained OPEN for 2 days despite Chinese  of Coronavirus-type symptoms. How many more infected are roaming Britain's streets? 
Under a long-term deal sealed by the Obama admin, a Chinese  was set to control the 2nd busiest container port in the U.S. In an unreported @realDonaldTrump admin victory, the Communists are out after a national security review. 
Chinese put swastika on Danish flag over coronavirus flag row  via @MailOnline
Virus yung i hate wag yung Chinese people
With their Chinese New Year food supplies running low, many residents were venturing out today to stock up on groceries. The markets we saw had an abundance of fresh vegetables, rice, oil and fruit — even strawberries on sale. 
Chinese is challenging 
Asia’s tourist spots brace for leaner times as coronavirus keeps Chinese visitors at home 
"China's efforts in fighting #coronavirus are exemplary. A 'small' virus can't tear us apart. If we stay in solidarity, we have no fear for any challenges&can defeat the virus," said Dr. M. Ludwig, Mayor of Vienna at the Spring Festival Reception held for  today. 
In reality, to many Chinese consuming wild animals is a cultural outlier. State-controlled media outlets such as China Daily have published scathing editorials denouncing the practice and calling for a permanent wildlife trade ban. they do it.  …
#Beijing doesn’t trust #Uyghurs even if they are Han-educated or loylal members of #China’s Communist Party. Like previous Chinese administrations, the #CCP continues the #colonization of #EastTurkistan & seeks to eradicate the existence of #Uighurs as a separate  …
CHINA Zambian defender Stoppila Sunzu [ @StoppilaSunzu1] has joined Chinese Super League side Shijiazhuang Everbright. All the best Stoppila! 
Very interesting read about an American professional quarterback who went to Wuhan to play football and his challenge getting out and back to America! Evacuated American Says Chinese City Was Like a Ghost Town  …
This week’s Inside the Ring column @WashTimes: Indicted Chinese researcher hid PLA links; House passes Tibet legislation; Apple getting into 5G  …
A few thoughts. 1.) TikTok is bad. 2.) Did you really think a  was dedicated to free speech, let alone a pro-life worldview? Come on. 3.) I remember when you fired an honest reporter for telling the truth about your friend Laura Loomer's antics at CPAC. 
a chinese man died from a heart attack because no one wanted to give him CPR a chinese man died from a heart attack because no one wanted to give him CPR a chinese man died from a heart attack because no one wanted to give him CPR
Drones track down Chinese villagers who venture outside and scold them via speaker systems.  …
Just to remind you that being racist towards Chinese people won’t reduce your chances to get #coronarovirus
Chinese city of Wuhan says it should have acted sooner to contain virus  
On behalf of all Australians I'm calling on the Australian gov to recall and place a BAN on Chinese food imports. Protecting the health of Australians should be this gov' main priority.  …
Lots of good ideas in this report, which further proves that countering the Chinese Communist Party is not a partisan issue. Team America!  …
My professor is a really sweet Chinese lady and the fact that she has to email the students to clarify that she does not have the coronavirus is really sad
Commenting on US adding China to travel warning Level 4, highest level, amid #coronavirus outbreak, Chinese FM called it a "dishonest act” as Chinese people strive to fight the epidemic and Chinese govt is being responsible by sharing info with  in transparent way 
Since we’re entering Feb.1st in Beijing, we’d like to introduce Paul and Anwen LINR from Koala Hospital Port Macquarie! These two cuties are adopted in the name of @Harry_Styles by us Chinese Harries! Happy 26th! Enjoy your newly adopted fatherhood with your koala babies！ 
Don't feel guilty. Don't worry. No one wants it to happen. Don't be sad. Don't despair. Fight it together. Chinese fight. Wuhan fight. We love you. Fight through it together.I am Thai people who are worried about you. #ไวรัสโคโรนา #China 
no one dress better than the rich Chinese girls
Nah, the Chinese government would never lie. 
Credits and Kudos to @narendramodi govt for not only making best of arrangements but also the diplomatic clearance from Chinese govt to evacuate our own. Indians abroad are always assured that there is someone looking after them at home, not like some who leave theirs in lurch.  …
US: You can’t use Huawei technology for anything, the Chinese government may have a backdoor to access your encrypted data Also US: American  we need a backdoor in your product to access  of your users
LATEST:  • Coronavirus sickens nearly 10,000; Chinese officials say 213 people have died • UK confirms the first two cases • US State Dept. advises against all travel to China • WHO declares the outbreak a global health emergency
Chinese New Year - Red Hot by Moonlight Models 2/2 
Filipinos will benefit from a donation of 600,000 face masks, Filipino Chinese Chambers of Commerce and Industry, Inc. says 
The only rapid response to this outbreak has been police swiftly intimidating Chinese citizens for reporting on potential cases. CHRD has documented 254 cases of netizens penalized for allegedly “spreading rumours” about #coronavirus between Jan 22-28.  
Seriously. Why does ANYbody believe ANYthing from official Chinese news sources about the state of public health in China based only on those official sources?
People were to argue about the Chinese who've been the primary cause of the virus outbreak. But since i watch this video I realized that helping each other can be a cure to stop everyone in danger.  …
Tik Tok is a  China has an ammoral government who feel babys are just pieces of meat to be selected.
Don't feel guilty. Don't worry. No one wants it to happen. Don't be sad. Don't despair. Fight it together. Chinese fight. Wuhan fight. We love you. Fight through it together.
So my cousin who is Filipino but looks Chinese was on the train this morning during rush hour and everyone stood away from him dhicmdkdjdifndofkk I. cannot believe this loooooooooooooooooooooool 
Deeply concerning model just published in @TheLancet by Hong Kong researchers says 75,800 people in Wuhan may have been infected with #coronavirus as of January 25th and outbreaks in other Chinese cities will sustain exponential spread outside Wuhan.  …
#China #coronavirus #Vegan Wealthy #Chinese food blogger about to tear up a bat and eat it. Aren't bats facing #extinction 
Prediction: at the end of February 2020 the Chinese Communist Party will cease to have effective control in multiple provinces of China. By mid-Summer (late July-ish) a new government will emerge in China claiming wide authority there.
Chinese economic growth is going to be awful in Q1: 5.9%  …
We don't need corruption and  at every level of government. We don't need an insane mass murderer / rapist in Malacañang. We don't need Chinese overlords, invaders, and viruses. We need a clean country and a new President. #OUSTDUTERTE #OustDuterte2020
BIGBANG new album [And We're Still Alive] Release Date: 2034 Title tracks: "Nope Not Dead Yet" "SOON" "Fantastic Adults" Special tracks: "LOOK At Me Gwisoon [English, Chinese, Portuguese, Italian & Mongolian Vers.]" - Daesung This was created 2014..... 
#2019nCoV #Coronavirus: Chinese health experts warn patients can get reinfected  …
Chinese patent drug containing herbal medicines Shuanghuanglian oral liquid could help contain #novelcoronavirus, according to a joint research between Shanghai Institute of Materia Medica and #Wuhan Institute of 
Seeing this racist attitude gives me anxiety and sadness, how the fuck they know she's Chinese even if she's Chinese who gave them rights to act stupidly like that 
Left Twitter in the early 1940s - "How do you know the Japanese are fascists? sounds like american propaganda. I don't support intervention in China. Chinese national liberation is a US psyop"
China will send chartered planes overseas to take home stranded residents of Hubei, epicenter of the novel #coronavirus outbreak: Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi  
One of the world’s top nanotechnology experts and the chair of Harvard’s chemistry department was arrested and charged with lying about payments he’d taken from a Chinese effort to lure top research minds. 
This morning a Chinese man on thebtrain sneezed. A blonde fratboy said "Coronavirus alert!" Everyone stopped and stared. I walked up between the two of them and said "Do NOT be racist!" Everybody clapped
Good news #coronovirus Don’t spread bad news.Chinese medics are on top whipping it hard ! A 64 years old patient #Wan and his wife discharged from the hospital. 20 patients discharged ages range 15 to 64. As of Friday, 72 infected patients so far in total have been  – at London
Desi Muslims are trying to prove karma hit Chinese that's why they're suffering from #coronarovirus like Chinese are the only ones who are the sufferers. Sick mentality and zero logic
heard a Chinese official on the news today say their goal is to contain the outbreak so it doesn't spread to other countries with fewer resources to handle an outbreak. Meanwhile Americans are being racist/xenophobic  useless  …
Just published in The Lancet: a new model by U. of Hong Kong researchers says 75,800 individuals in Wuhan may have been infected w/ coronavirus as of Jan. 25. Also says multiple major Chinese cities may have enough cases for local epidemics.  …
CHINA UPDATE: Chinese Create Unique Ways to Cope with Coronavirus as Surgical Mask and Food Shortages Increase -- AMAZING PHOTOS @JoeHoft @WarRoom2020  … via @gatewaypundit
China should consume more Canadian canola and less Chinese bats.
Yes, the virus started in Wuhan, but there's no such thing as Chinese virus, mga bobo. Stop discriminating. Sorry, but all these racists are making me real mad.
#coronavirus #Myanmar turns back a #Chinese flight from Guangzhou Passenger with symptoms quarantined in Yangon but China Southern jet sent home with almost everyone on board on Friday after one passenger had flu symptoms No fooling around here....  …
Even if all UCE candidates in the country were to pass in first grade in the UNEB exams, we would still need the Chinese to build our roads and bridges, USAID to fund most of our social services, and the European Union to fund our troop deployment in Somalia.
#Cartoon of the Day: While the Chinese #Communist police state might be effective at thought control, it is  with regard to containing 
LOOK: 2 Chinese nationals distribute free masks in Makati 
Adamson orders Chinese students to quarantine themselves, amid nCoV threat  …
Ebola jokes because it was associated with Africans #coronarvirus jokes because associated with Chinese This is racism cause y’all won’t find humor if the western world is suffering. It’s heartbreaking to read what they are going through rn. It’s not meme material.
“Our findings suggest that independent self-sustaining human-to-human spread is already present in multiple major Chinese cities...” 
Please explain how this is motivated by anything other than the nonsensical equation of a virus with Chinese people and cultures as a whole. It does nothing except whip up unfounded, counterproductive hysteria and racialised paranoia.  …
I'm increasingly getting the feeling that the 'stay at home' advice is really just a way to stop people gathering in protest. It's a cheap and simple method of population management at a time when the last thing the gov wants is any sort of civil disturbance to deal with.
I told my gf I loved her for the first time by giving her a fortune cookie that had a “I love you” note in it, right after we ate chinese food. Men don’t think of cute shit like that. So get you a lesbian. Lol
Coronavirus live updates: Italy declares state of emergency after two Chinese tourists infected | National Post. Only 2 confirmed cases, yet Italy is taking this virus seriously. Are we? We have 3 confirmed cases and 40 more potential cases.  …
This video of the Chinese government using drones to follow people around and yell at them to wear masks and stay inside is utterly Orwellian. It's crazy that they seem so proud of this and want to publicize it on this Twitter account to the English-speaking world.  …
guys anti-Chinese racism is not the most dangerous thing about the coronavirus, the prospect of a series of epidemics that kills thousands of people and the massive disruption to ordinary life in China is.
A bit late but Happy Chinese new year! 
Are filipinos for real agreeing mainland chinese should still able to go to ph despite the virus outbreak? I know y'all just concern and want to help, but not by sacrificing more lives. There's more into this —send help not make us the help!
This new modelling study estimates 75,800 individuals in the Chinese city of Wuhan may have been infected with 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) as of January 25, 2020 - but authors caution that the true size of the epidemic remains unclear  
Can travel restrictions stop pandemic spread? Figure shows the daily ratio of new international cases to new Chinese cases. Without travel restrictions the ratio should be constant. It is decreasing, at least in part due to international and domestic travel restrictions. 1/2 
Please remember that in 1994 #Ukraine gave up its nuclear weapons in return for US, European, Russian and Chinese guarantees of its territorial integrity.  …
Too little too late 4 appeasement!CCP is killing Chinese people again via #coronarvirus coverup. When it 1st came 4 Falun Gong organs harvesting, no one spoke up. Then it came 4 Uyghurs, a few spoke up. When this killer virus  Emperor Shithole's Chernobyl, more rise  …
Chinese officials in rural areas are creatively using #drones to make sure local residents don‘t gather together without wearing masks during the nationwide battle against the #coronavirus.  
Great job by the law enforcement authorities in USA for arresting Harvard chemistry professor who got big money secretly from Communist Chinese leaders. This is a real problem, the infiltration of American academia by China Communists, both with bribes and ideological ties.
Chinese New Year celebrations will be held in George Square on Sunday 2 February at around 11.30am. It's always great fun with dragon and lion dances, traditional dancing, music and facepainting. Everyone's invited.
Bernie's (bad) position on Israel and Palestine is essentially the same as the Chinese government's. This is disqualifying for him, but not for the latter.  …
Skeptical of folks who report on China as an authoritarian state? This is an absolutely dystopian clip, made with no irony intended. I almost never RT Chinese state media but this is a must watch. HT  …
Instead of having an adult conversation with the population about the virus and putting in place reasonable policies, used effectively elsewhere, the Chinese state has gone into full lockdown mode because it knows the people don’t entirely trust it  …
Always praying for Andie. But lets not generalize the students nor the school because of one new student’s deplorable actions. The student is his own person and must face the consequences of his actions alone. And the chinese hang-over thing is just plain racism.  …
#BREAKING Chinese official says slow response made virus epidemic worse 
When I ask you all to read TGCF's novel I mean it not only cause it is the most brilliant and well written 'XianXia' novel, but also cause the English translation available to us is amazing! Among all the BL Chinese novels I read (I read them all) it has the most perfect one!
“Trump announced that he would work to save jobs at the Chinese  ZTE. About 72 hours before his announcement, the Chinese government also agreed to loan $500 million to a project in Indonesia in which the Trump Org. is a partner.”  …
“Most of the students concerned – among them Chinese, Japanese and Korean – have lived in Rome for several years, Italian newspaper la Repubblica reports. Several are second generation immigrants who have no relationship with their countries of origin.”  …
The Chinese government’s efforts to stop the coronavirus outbreak could push some of the country’s already struggling small businesses over the edge 
Singapore bans Chinese travellers. Russia closes borders. India must take preventive steps considering we don't even have much area in hospitals to quarantine nor build hospitals in 7-10 days like china did. Prevention is better than cure.
The HK Gov sending masks to the Mainland when citizens in HK are struggling to get enough masks at home. Is Carrie Lam the Chief Executive of HK or just a servant to the  government? #StandWithHongKong #chinazi 
The other "epidemic" emanating from China. Chinese dark money in the West's University system is rife, especially at the R&D level cc @thespybrief @LouiseMensch  …
“Instead of having an adult conversation with the population about the virus and putting in place reasonable policies that have been used effectively elsewhere, the Chinese state has gone into full lockdown mode.”  …
"China's current prevention and control measures are the strictest and are very effective. We are confident that we can effectively contain the epidemic and finally  it," said Wu Zunyou, an expert on epidemiology at the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention.
Oh, the Chinese are upset about anti-Chinese racism directed at them because of the virus (because they won't clean up their pig farms)? Aren't you the same Chinese that migrate to the US and then want to dismantle Affirmative Action because it's not for YOU?  …
The Chinese name for Harlequin is 丑鸭, chǒu yā, literally translated as 'clown duck'. "Chǒu" can also mean "ugly", so another translation is "ugly duck". Photo by Kai Reed/Audubon. 
Singapore has just banned entry of ALL Chinese travellers. To our govt officials, IT IS TIME TO CONSIDER THIS.  …
I agree 100% Mike Pompeo calls Chinese Communist Party ‘the central threat of our times’  …
Swedish media calls for action against attacks from Chinese officials #Sweden  …
Did not have “Chinese state media releases  of government drones yelling at people” on my 2020 bingo card.  …
Ae! chinese and eating everything,now whose dick is that 
One guest in the bar at Raffles, Singapore's world-famous hotel, hearing explosion, asks what the sound is. A Chinese waiter replies: "That is the end of the British Empire." 
Hate The Virus not The Chinese! #PrayForWuhan 
200131 Chinese article rumors #Elkie may join Chinese ver. of PD101,Produce Camp 2020 It just says that she’s a great & challenging contestant & praises her skills. There’s rumors every year so let’s wait for more info  … @CUBECLC #CLC #씨엘씨 
Depends who you ask. Chinese gov is pushing videos of full grocery stores and fluff pieces about veggie shipments. College students on lockdown are posting that shit is running out. Certain wechat and other services have similar stories of people low on stuff.  …
This  continues to be viciously attacked in Chinese social media. The University of Minnesota has not investigated her allegations even though both she and her alleged assailant were U of M students. He's a billionaire. Figures.  …
psa: it’s normal to be afraid of possibly catching ncov but this should not be an excuse to be rude and be racist towards chinese people also, STOP saying/tweeting “ch*ng ch*ng”, “ch*kwa”, etc. when referring to them because it’s racist.
India under threat? Delhi issues warning to China over ‘threats to our sovereignty’ According to Indian government officials, approximately six Chinese research vessels have been spotted in the region this month.  …
VIDEO: A charter plane carrying evacuees from the Chinese city of #Wuhan, at the centre of the deadly #coronavirus outbreak, lands at RAF base Brize Norton in Oxfordshire, central England, with 83 British citizens and 27 others on 
#China - A woman wears a plastic water bottle with a cutout to cover her face, as she walks on a footbridge in Hong Kong, as a preventative measure following a virus outbreak which began in the Chinese city of Wuhan. #AFP 
Chinese-Filipinos lament racism, call for unity as new #coronavirus 
I explain why I don’t have a mask since wala talaga available sa davao. He gave me 10 masks that is still sealed guys. “are you not afraid of me?”He said. Putcha idk what to do since he began crying all of the people even from the malls won’t  them since chinese sila
Called Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi today to thank him for the cooperation extended by the Chinese government for the departure of Indian students and professionals from Wuhan. As China deals with the #coronavirus challenge, we agreed to stay in touch.
All the people moaning about racism and "Anti-Chinese" discrimination instead of a potentially lethal virus that could kill hundreds of millions around the globe are proof positive that liberalism is a fucking death cult. Unfortunately we have to die with the cultists.
Singapore said it would stop issuing visas to people with Chinese passports and deny entry to foreigners who had visited China in the past 14 days. There are currently 13 confirmed cases of the coronavirus in Singapore. 
Joy new fansite? But s/he is chinese i think s/he still doesn't have twit acc Should i upload more?  
Pakistan shows solidarity with China by not evacuating stranded Pak civilians in effected Chinese cities. Is Pak officially a Chinese colony now?
Even tho they're facing this racism and fear along with this corona virus, there are still Chinese people who helps at this time of outbreak, please don't spread hatred towards them, they're still human, let's help each other, let's not allow fear bring forth hatred and racism. 
 case could be made that the Chinese miracle is built on lies. It’s Enron times a billion. 
He was actually asking the couple but they refused to help the guy. They didn’t even take the elevator and they run towards the other elevator. So I assist the Chinese guy since we’re heading to the same place naman din...
Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad said that the strong measures taken by China have fully demonstrated the determination & confidence of the Chinese government in preventing & controlling the epidemic.
I really feel sad for all my Chinese brothers & sisters. The  from my very own Christian country is really deplorable. Despite this, know that more Pinoys are with you in spirit to keep you stronger in the frontline. Humanity will win this. #PrayForWuhan
The Corona virus really only kills old and weak people. The boomers are all gonna die along with the Chinese, and with them goes the property market We're all gonna own our own homes soon. 
I went to Marco Polo around 5:40 just to workout. I was in the 2nd floor going to the fitness gym (4th floor) before the elevator open, there’s 2 American couple right beside me. The elevator opened and there’s this Chinese guy asking help where the Pool area is....
Pakistani restaurants open your door for free halal food to all Pakistani students  & also for Chinese's. ZamZam restaurant, wuhan city announced that if you have no money, take free meal & if you want to pay than pay after 10 Feb not yet #coronavirus 
Firstly it’s none of France’s business whatsoever. Vital U.K. business that needs sensible state aid & we can provide as we leave EU. But truth is we should not be selling strategic national assets to the Chinese. Full stop.  …
A doctor said ... In my 15 year old career, I've seen inside the stomachs of Hindus, Muslims, Sikhs, Christians, Parsis, Jains, Indians, Arabs, Africans, Chinese, Europeans & even the Americans with my endoscope. Trust me, all humans are exactly the same from within. #Humanity
some chinese ppl don’t deserve to go thru this  …
“yeah sure I’m on the other side of the world, but that guy is Asian, and I think that means he’s Chinese because I have no idea what the difference is, so he can just die for all I care”
In Chinese there's a saying called 破财消灾 which means to lose some money to avoid calamity Some people believe that if you had to suffer financial losses it's meant to prevent greater damages All for the best
Public ire over Hong Kong’s relative inaction amid the coronavirus outbreak grew as neighboring Macau, also a self-governed Chinese territory, stepped up preventive efforts 
Atletico Madrid have re-signed Belgium winger Yannick Carrasco two years after he left for Chinese Super League club Dalian Yifang. Details:  
To all Chinese Tourist, I am sorry for the harsh words and the rejection we have made you feel. The Philippines and it's people are scared not because of you, but because we are a poor country that will suffer if ever it occurs in our land. #PrayForChina #coronavirusPH
Hate the virus not the chinese.
If it was in Chinatown, doesn’t that mean it would have been mostly other Chinese people refusing to help him
Are you using your face mask correctly? A top Chinese expert explains how to take off a face mask to avoid likely infection. #pneumonia 
Chinese and nCov are totally different. Learn to distinguish these from one another.
China has chartered two flights to Southeast Asia to pick up stranded Chinese travelers from Hubei Province, the epicenter of the deadly coronavirus that has spread across the globe. 
Update #CoronaVirus: The UK has announced 83 Britons and 27 foreigners will all land in UK today from Wuhan China. ALL of them will be isolated for two weeks before being released. Chinese people who travelled for holidays return to Nigeria next week. I hope we do the needful.
My brother,the other day,I saw one eating live rats(Okete,kpera,oke)with chopsticks dipped in one useless something.If I say what I think now they will suspend me 4 chinkophobia.However,whatever is Chinese peoples quarrel with fire must be addressed for global peace and security.  …
Last night, I spoke with my counterpart State Councillor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi to ask for the collaboration of the Chinese government in helping Canadian citizens who want to depart the region, Wang Yi responded positively. 
The response to the coronavirus has been strong. Why can't we do the same  Chinese national security threats?  #FAIRblog
Chinese ambassador: "Sweden not important enough to threaten" (his defense against accusations that they are threatening Swedish media, government and industry).  …
Guys she isn't saying that the virus might never be a problem. Just that it seems odd that people jumped on this virus as a way to voice anti-Chinese concerns, but don't treat other viruses the same.
Chinese travel presenter who ripped apart a BAT with her hands before eating the 'nutritious' dish in her show begs the public for forgiveness after being blasted amid coronavirus outbreak.  …
people calling the coronavirus the Chinese Virus remins me of when europe got the plague and english people called it the Dutch Flu and the dutch called it the French Flu and the french called it the Spanish Flu and the spanish called it the English Flu etc
Sitting on a packed bus in Norwich, surrounded by conversations in French, Spanish, Chinese, English and a few others (some actually  notes on their respective languages in English) and I’m equally filled with happiness and sadness right now. #Europe #LoveEU
China’s Funding of U.S. Researchers Raises Red Flags: Academics don’t always disclose the funding, adding to concerns about national security. When officials at the Texas A&M University System sought to determine how much Chinese government funding...  …
Actually I think the Chinese government overall has put forth a herculean effort considering the circumstances  …
Mongolia bans Chinese, foreigners arriving from China 
oh i am so tired of being polite! if you are engaging in anti-chinese/anti-asian rhetoric because of this virus, go fuck yourself! block me if you even go near that ideology! and anyone who replies to this tweet with some fuckshit about this, may you drop your wallet in a sewer
From what I heard, thousands of Chinese people who travelled for Chinese holidays will return to Nigeria soon. Please stay alert Stay away from anyone sneezing or unwell. Wash your hand frequently with soap. Call these numbers for help: +2348023169485 +2348033565529 Thank you.
“If the Chinese government has been conducting human trials against SARS. MERS, or other coronviruses using  viruses, they may have made their citizens far more susceptible to acute respiratory distress syndrome upon infection with 2019-nCoV”  …
This is for all chinese tourist na hinde pa nakakapasok sa Philippines. Yung mga andito na, wala na tayo magagawa, their as good as safe as we are. What we are preventing are the future entries. So please be kind, and let’s pray for one another. #prayforchina
We lack leadership in Africa . They need to stop Chinese people to visit Africa untill they sort out carona issue. 
The Chinese police are using drones with speakers to talk to citizens rather than getting close to them. Immediate reaction: very big Brotherish. The surveillance state materialized. The next step after red light cameras, body cams, etc.  …
Where's the cat!? Chinese 
Chinese food vendors 'are STILL selling live wild animals including rats, badgers and snakes' after country BANNED trade following 
“Credible Chinese media outlet Initium interviewed people working at local cremation centres, confirming that many dead bodies were sent directly from the hospitals to the cremation centres without properly identifying these patients.."  …
It broke my heart so much nung sinabi niyang “Nobody talk to me because im chinese. They all scared I just want to get back to my family. Taxi driver mad when I say to him I’m chinese so he drop me here and took my money. I’ve been waiting someone to talk to me for many hours”
Why is it that the Chinese eat the most revolting and repugnant things like bats, live mice, rats, snakes and vultures? Is it any wonder that #WuhanMarket is the birthplace of the dreaded #coronavirus? #WuhanVirus #WuhanCoronovirus #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak #coronaviruschina
A surprising move. A year ago Oostende had difficulties to find a buyer for Richairo Zivkovic, who didn't live up to their expectations at all. A move to Sion (Sui) fell through. In the end they sold him to a Chinese 2nd division club. #sufc  …
Let's be wise in taking precautions against #coronavirus Let's be bold in opposing Chinese Communist Party regime But let's not turn to discrimination & racism against Chinese people I love #China & its people.I detest the regime that represses 
Wait, the Chinese people reacted negatively to an American official celebrating their pandemic?  …
ZIVKOVIC SIGNS United have strengthened their attack by securing the services of Dutch striker Richairo Živković on loan till May (option of perm) from Chinese side Changchun Yatai. The 23-year-old is formally of Ajax and has U21s caps for Holland #sufc #twitterblades 
apparently, the president of adamson university wants all of its chinese students to self-quarantine themselves. just the chinese students. that's racist.  …
Sheffield United have signed Dutch striker Richairo Zivkovic on a six month loan from Chinese club Changchun Yatai.
Two family members who have tested positive for coronavirus in Britain 'were Chinese tourists who were staying in hotel in York' #CoronavirusOutbreak  
Of course laa they were involved during MH370 tragedy, 2/3 of those passengers are Chinese citizens.....
DETAILS: Chinese patients in question put into quarantine and subjected to 'strict monitoring' 
the frog must be chinese  …
i agree that most chinese ppl i encountered here in china and in ph are arrogant but it’s not right to generalize us. there are still a lot of good chinese ppl. especially chinoys who grew up in ph. punish those who are worthy of being punished but dont blame the whole race.
The statement released was racist. The university should issue an apology, remove the temporary postponement of transactions by Chinese students, and provide a better response regarding the Coronavirus outbreak.  …
All the worst aspects of the Chinese Communist Party exacerbate the threats from the #coronavirus: the Party’s dishonesty, corruption, and insistence on  …
The source of the Corona virus is unconfirmed, but Muslims are sharing videos of chinese eating rats and calling them filthy? Why haven't we shared videos of French ppl eating snails & called them filthy? Muslims are saying the virus is a punishment from Allah for... /1
MORE: 2 Chinese citizens diagnosed with new #coronavirus in Russia’s Zabaikalsky Krai and Tyumen Oblast in #Siberia - Deputy PM  
Too many people worried about getting the coronavirus off Chinese people, like sorry bro think you might have cought racism off someone elae
first time writting chinese 
Im one of those fils who were fuccing mad about all of these chinese ppl wandering around, now i feel so bad. Sorry we we're just so scared that we couldn't take this, we forgot that y'all need to be saved too. 
BREAKING: the new Chinese coronavirus has reached Russia: two patients diagnosed. One in Transbaikalia, and another in Tyumen. Which are separated by about 4,000km. Both are Chinese citizens.
Photo not mine. I'm sorry but we Filipinos grow to  more toxic each day. Chinese in our country prolly wanted to help their fellow people but were giving away free facemasks FOR FILIPINO ONLY. Just imagine their feelings towards  
SINGAPORE AND Mongolia ban Chinese nationals and foreigners arriving from China over coronavirus fears. 
My Chinese girlfriend is pregnant please give me a Chinese name NB:no insults @dripboyyy @jbaah_ @Ankamagyimi @Hw3_Ni_gyimiiBi
Hate the virus not the Chinese or whoever got infected. Pray for them instead.
Please match this with every rAciSm aGaiNsT ChiNeSe peOpLe post.  …
Findings by Chinese researchers that the coronavirus was spreading from person to person as early as mid-December -- weeks before China officially confirmed such transmission -- have sparked a massive backlash on Chinese social media,  …
Dear Chinese, 
It's really hard to help people understand that illnesses don't belong to populations. All else being equal, a random Chinese-American in New York is no more likely to have the coronavirus than a random Irish-American person in New York.  …
Indictment unsealed. Harvard professor developed Wuhan virus and sold to Chinese for 1.4 million dollars:  …
Concerns over free speech in America after a Chinese student was jailed for 6 months for tweets he posted when studying in the US.  …
the chinese may not have the most admirable image in this country BUT that does not give anyone the right to justify downright racism. let’s avoid hasty generalization! (:
people literally are dying from a virus; it's not cute or woke or traditionalist or whatever to suggest that 1 billion people are filthy or "deserve" this. racist targeting of Chinese people is gross, & your rage at your inability to assist the Uyghur people doesn't justify it.
Tbh I used to think negatively of Chinese people especially some of those living in the Philippines but I realized that we should simply pray for them instead because hating them and blaming them is the last thing we should do 
When a Chinese person sneezes... #Coronavirus “Antarctica or Florida” 
Outrageous In tackling #coronavirus, #CCP is not part of the solution but cause of the problem #Magnitsky sanctions should be imposed on Chinese officials for mass atrocities against #Uyghurs, destruction of #HongKong, other grave human rights violations & unleashing this  …
Adamson tells Chinese students to quarantine selves until Feb. 14, 2020 
My timeline's full of Chinese people helping Pinoys. Remember that not all are from Wuhan, most of them grew up here and have lived here for decades. A lot of them are Pinoy at heart. 
Let’s be kind without being suicidal. China discourages travels, why play as saints? Chinese have their government and class health care system that can cater a lot. We have what? Is our government efficient? Is our health care system ready? Can they be availed by the poor?  …
Despite of what's happening, I'm still praying for Chinese people. They're also suffering 
My working assumption is all Chinese are spies or potential spies. It is an amoral culture. Disengage!
LOOK: Amid calls against racism, some Chinese dwellers in Ongpin St. in Binondo, Manila have been distributing free masks exclusively for Filipinos. (Photo by: HK88 Music and Restaurant) | via Hanah Tabios 
Negros Oriental requires Chinese visitors to undergo 14-day quarantine upon arrival 
The question that still lingers on the Coronavirus is how long have the Chinese government known about its existence and how many in China already have died as a result? I suspect we will never know due to their history of secrecy That is what should outrage politicians!
“It appears China paid Lieber hundreds of thousands of dollars over the years for his involvement with the Chinese entities and for his work on research for Chinese gain,” said U.S. Attorney for Massachusetts Andrew Lelling.
#Karot #Hydropower is environment friendly, Chinese workers continued to work amid New Year celebrations in China Strict safety & environmental protection measures are being ensured during the construction of the 720-Megawatt Karot Hydropower project  under 
Not all chinese are bad, not all filipinos are good and vice versa. Di rin naman lahat sila kumakain ng bats and exotic foods, and in general di rin pinili ng lahat na chinese na magka ncov. Some of them are victims. Guys, know who/what to hate. It's the virus.
Large numbers crow flying in the sky in Hubei, Henan, Tianjin & other places in China after the #CoronavirusOutbreak . People say crow can smell bodies, even before they die. Chinese people regard crow as very ominous #coronavirus 湖北、河南、天津多等地成群乌鸦满天飞。 
#US House warns #China over #DalaiLama succession process, threatens sanctions US House has passed a bill on sanctions against #Chinese officials for meddling in Dalai Lama's succession  …
I hope ppl realize na the battle is not with the chinese but with the virus  …
I’m looking for cases of Chinese/Chinese-passing/Asians experiencing racism in the UK related to the coronavirus. Please DM/email  7455818877 if you can help! Thanks in advance
God forbid...Footage of a dog barbecued alive at a Chinese market is shared  … via @MailOnline
Been reading a lot of posts on facebook and I also noticed that why don’t we start a #PrayforWuhan tag? :(( Anyway, hate the virus not the  :(( 
But what could be just an Asian regional weakness takes on more important signal effects when the Brazilian Real is about the break a gigantic cup and handle. You see, Brazil loses on the US/China trade deal and loses again as Chinese demand collapses  
The Chinese RMB looks like it is going to break too, once trading properly  
More travel bans announced due to #WuhanVirus - Japan and Singapore both announced travel ban on Chinese nationals. According to NHK, Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe announced that starting on February 1, any foreigner who has records staying in #Hubei province or 
Chinese leaders insist that one-party rule is vital for stability. The world will soon judge if it can stop a pandemic, too.  …
Can’t be the only one that wants a chinese but don’t wanna risk it, Indian businesses must be booming right now
You all like to generalize how much you hate the chinese people, and yet... pctto. 
Chinese automaker rushes to produce ambulances to support front line 
#coronavirus 14 #Chinese tourists with high fever at the Four Seasons hotel in #Moscow More bad  …
the corona virus didn’t happen for an excuse for everyone to be racist against us, chinese. this is not funny to me and labelling chinese people as “sick” makes me so mad??
The big question is how did the Wuhan ‘researchers’ acquire the most virulent and deadly pathogens on earth? Maybe the Chinese-Canadian scientists being escorted from their labs and  from Manitoba university shortly after shipments of pathogens arrived in Wuhan?
Footage of yelping dog being barbecued alive at Chinese market is shared by activists calling for end to barbaric trade in dog meat 
Kiko Pangilinan and the rest of his Yellow ilk should be declared persona non grata by the Chinese Government. What an irresponsible and incorrigible statesman. 
JUST IN: German military plane leaves Cologne for the Chinese city of Wuhan on a mission to evacuate more than 100 people, including dozens of German citizens. Follow our live updates on the coronavirus outbreak here:  
Western researchers knew coronaviruses were present in Chinese bats in 2015. Wuhan’researchers’were included in this study that tested monoclonal antibodies from Ebola strains that had no effect on curing the mutant coronavirus. #coronaviruschina #outbreak  …
#BREAKING Mongolia bans Chinese, foreigners arriving from China until March 2 to stop virus spread: official 
Just contacted Amb. Azeema in China and know that the Embassy and Maldivians in China are safe and sound. The Chinese Gov. has taken all necessary measures to ensure the health safety of foreign nationals in China. Every Maldivian who chooses to stay will be taken care of. 
7,000 people released from Costa Smeralda cruise ship in Italy after Chinese passengers tested negative for 
Chinese Ambassador to the Philippines Huang Xilian says 600 boxes of face masks totaling 600,000 face masks have been donated to the Philippines by a Chinese business organization he met earlier at his residence, says China is concerned about the situation in the country.  …
Chinese Embassy donates 2,000 face masks to Philippine Bureau of Immigration. Chinese Ambassador Huang Xilian says immigration officers are “at the forefront of this fight” against 2019-nCoV virus 
Singapore Ministry of Health assessment: "The likelihood of  transmission in other parts of China is now high. As a result, we are likely to see a sharper rise in the local transmission of the virus in Chinese cities beyond Hubei province in  days"  …
‘This is our country, you have to follow our rules’: Pinoy defends delivery guy from ‘raging’ Chinese  
How many times Asian have heard of funny jokes about coronavirus so far? ZERO. Don’t pretend to be scared. Don’t be like shit meme account. Nothing give you any permission to say racist jokes on Asian/Chinese. My Uber driver got 1star and reported as a result of his act.
"If the virus seriously disrupts Chinese production, its impact on the U.S. economy will be like an extreme version of Trump’s trade war," @PaulKrugman 
Yet Carrie Lam said today restricting mainlanders from entering Hong Kong is discrimination & against WHO guidelines. ______ Coronavirus: global travel restrictions imposed on Chinese travellers as airlines cut flights to mainland  … via @scmpnews
Hi all racists on twitter. These works are created for your moron brains. And yes，We Chinese  for all your pathetic ass with this eye spreading，bat powered，bio-weaponized #conoravirus . #Wuhan #WuhanVirus #wuhanconoravirus #WuhanFlu #WuhanLockDown #Chinavirus 
Dear : Chinese Please stop eating everything that moves 
I’m actually sat opposite a Chinese woman and now I’m getting paranoid. I’m watching her closely for any signs of zombie systems.
Huge respect for this Chinese nurse saying goodbye to her family while leaving Shanghai for Wuhan as a volunteer to treat #coronavirus patients. PC: Ding Ting/Zuma Press #coronavirus 
Daily Mail Reader Demands Virus Test After Child Receives 'Chinese Burn'.
Medical workers in #HongKong are planning a strike in  days to demand the HK Govt to close off all borders to stop influx of Chinese tourists that may carry deadly #coronavirus to HK and putting a strain on HK society. We fully support their actions  …
Singapore closes borders to all Chinese travellers to stem spread of coronavirus 
#Japan and other countries are now denying entry to any Chinese citizens with passports issued in #Hubei Province (where the #coronavirus emergency started). #Singapore has gone one step further denying entry to anyone with a passport from #China.
I'm Asian, not Chinese, but it shouldn't matter. The point is no one is just a virus and we should not discriminate against a group of people for any reason. I hope #BTSARMY can set good examples and continue to spread kindness in our own ways.
Dutton trotting out the old bogey again that he is stopping paedophiles entering Australia. No figures, no stats, no documentation - just smokescreen re his bullshit that he organised Xmas Island det. unit for Chinese visitors on doctors' orders. AMA knows nothing of it.  …
In Opinion @iandenisjohnson writes, "Instead of having an adult conversation with the population about the virus and putting in place reasonable policies that have been used effectively elsewhere, the Chinese state has gone into full lockdown mode" 
We should stop blaming the citizens and treat them as if they are the virus themselves. Prevention is okay, but we don't have to disrespect others in doing so. This is NCov virus not Chinese virus. They are already struggling, let's not add more burden to them. 
[Please spread the word] A plea to #BTSARMY around the world who want to spread love, kindness  The Coronavirus is now a global emergency. CNN has reported growing racism and xenophobia, not just towards Chinese but all Asians.  …
For those ppl who keeps on blaming CHINESE nationals, please read. They went here to survive not with the intention of spreading the virus. #PrayForChina 
According to Hong Kong’s chief executive Carrie Lam, this is a discriminatory measure and it’s wrong, according to ⁦ @WHO ⁩ — Breaking: Singapore closes borders to all Chinese travellers to stem spread of  …
What are the odds @ScottMorrisonMP would have sent people to #Christmas Island to an immigration detention as a precaution to the #coronavirus if they were British Australian instead of Chinese Australia? There’s an ugly racism to this all incl now some MSM is reporting on it.
Longdan or dragon egg is a shape of traditional Chinese teapots. This will be available soon in my Redbubble  soon) as a TeaShirt and some other non pun worthy products 
Suggestion: if you have the chance to interact with Chinese people, be nice. I think they are putting up with a lot of crap right now.
China banned veil, Now All Chinese are on Veil 
BEIJING: Pakistani students show their full confidence and satisfaction on Chinese authorities for taking numerous steps to restrict the spread of novel coronavirus #coronavirus  …
Hate the virus, not the Chinese. Hate the virus, not the Chinese. Hate the virus, not the Chinese. Hate the virus, not the Chinese. Hate the virus, not the Chinese. Hate the virus, not the Chinese. Hate the virus, not the Chinese. Hate the virus, not the Chinese.
Singapore: close borders to all Chinese travellers amid #coronavirus outbreak Carrie Lam: closing border is discriminatory  …
One thing I still dont understand is people (racists) blaming the coronavirus on chinese people for not eating 'normal' food when literally just a decade ago we had the whole swine flu pandemic which came from........ pigs
What we know after the Friday afternoon update: 5 new cases bringing total to 19 12 in hospital & 7 discharged 11 patients are Chinese tourists 1 Thai person infected inside Thailand 0 deaths #ไวรัสโคโรน่า #coronavirus #ไวรัสโคโรน่าสายพันธุ์ใหม่2019 
Chinese Ambassador to the Philippines Huang Xilian says 600 boxes of face masks totaling 600,000 face masks have been donated to the Philippines by a Chinese business organization he met earlier at his residence, says China is concerned about the situation in the country. 
This is my favourite headline from today - 'Paul Hogan claims Australia needs to 'stop pretending global warming is a Chinese hoax' - and urges the country to prepare for future bushfires'.  …
URGENT @SCMPNews: Singapore closes borders to all Chinese travellers to stem spread of coronavirus  … via @scmpnews
Reporter q to Lam: you say we shouldn't close border to mainland Chinese bc that would be discriminatory, and yet yesterday the govt asked foreign domestic workers to stay home even on their days off. How do you square that?
Japan will deny entry of foreigners who have been in Hubei Province (where Wuhan is located) for the last 14 days prior to the date of entry and those who have a Chinese passport issued in Hubei, effective Saturday at 12 a.m., Abe said.
Chinese leaders insist that one-party rule is vital for stability. The world will soon judge if it can stop a pandemic, too 
Don’t forget chinese and jawi while you’re at it. Learn jawi nanti masuk Islam.  …
Overseas Chinese nationals send medical supplies to #Wuhan more:  
"iKON Fan Community Alliance, Requires B.I work to be excluded ahead of  Chinese Fanclub counterattack"  …
racists exposing themselves going on about how Chinese people caused coronavirus by eating “”weird”” foods, when they happily eat cows and pigs which were responsible for the swine flu and mad cow disease epidemics
to all chinese tourists a thread~
Kahit binubully at binabash nyo sla tumutulong parin sila in their own ways. Let's all have unity, wag po tayong maging mapride at mambully. Not all chinese are the same. Pls spread the good news!! 
Dictatorship in China is the root cause of this outbreak. If there's no Chinese censorship, Chinese citizens might be aware of this deadly virus and put on masks to prevent infection. But CCP chose to cover up the virus & pretend everything is under control with its effort. 
Calling for a travel ban is not racist but when we call them as a race 'salot' or 'ching chong' or attach the virus to their whole identity and refuse to see Chinese instead of individuals... Yes. That's racist.
Wait, did they just tell our poor OFWS to STAY in most affected areas in CHINA, while STILL maintaining VISA upon ARRIVAL arrangement and  Chinese citizens from almost all provinces except the one on lockdown? Is this the worst ever!!!?
The myopic PCC strikes again. If this deal falls through, you know who the second highest bidder for Holcim is? Anhui Conch – China’s largest cement manufacturer. That’s right, PCC. Why don’t we just hand it to the Chinese on a silver platter? Good job  …
HK01 question getting to actual concerns of regular HKers: people are demanding a full border closure to mainland Chinese visitors and yet you've said nothing about that. Also, what about masks?? Lam: let's not merely sloganise "full border closure"
Sweden is under attack from Chinese Communist Party as i wrote here  … and now  …
It will take at least 3 months to prove a #vaccine for the #novelcoronavirus (2019-nCoV) is effective, according to the renowned Chinese epidemiologist Li Lanjuan. "As of Wednesday, we have isolated 5 strains of the virus, 2 of which are very suitable for vaccine development." 
I am calling upon @realDonaldTrump @CDCgov @US_FDA @FDArecalls to BAN the imports of Chinese food products until proper protocol can be implemented to protect American consumers. This  unacceptable. 
I'm willing to accept that in the movie adaptation the "Brave Chinese Nurse" has to be played played by Jennifer Lawrence if we can get Dwayne Johnson shrunk down, inserted into baby Ting Ting's bloodstream in a microsub, and then he fight the viruses in hand to   …
Marko Arnautovic 'wanted stunning West Ham return from Chinese Super League with Premier League side willing to have him back... but has been stranded in China after Coronavirus grounded ALL planes' 
Preorders are open for another two weeks! There may be a delay when orders get shipped out due to Chinese suppliers extending their holiday. I’ll keep you posted!  …
The chinese government itself misinformed it citizens and allowed them to travel amidst the crisis. It was only when they received pressure from other countries that they self ban. If not of the vigilant chinese, hiding through vpn, we wud not see the real situation in china, fyi
Do Chinese citizens who are out of China currently have to go back to China? What if they don’t wanna go back right now? If they don’t have the virus wud foreign or Chinese govt assist them in staying back till the epidemic is a bit more contained? @AmbassadorZhang
The smartest thing on the coronavirus, by @iandenisjohnson: "The Chinese government is going all-out because it knows the people don’t entirely trust it." But, he also adds that folks are ultimately fine with the state's authoritarianism: 
Thanks dear brother. The Chinese gov’t is taking scientific and effective measures to prevent & control the epidemic. We are confident to bring the outbreak under control ASAP.  …
I don't think I have words for what I am reading. Chinese authorities literally harvesting organs from people they have detained, killing them at will. People who  the crime of having a diff culture/religion. Chinese ppl dont care that their transplants are stolen?
If the corona virus is controlled, it's not thanks to any chinese gov bodies it's thanks to the doctors, nurses, staff, ambulance, drivers and volunteers at the front like of the epidemic.
Dr. Copper tells you to think that the Chinese PMI looks elevated Weekly editorial ->  
Very happy to announce that my and Radka Havlova's article on China's Belt and Road economic diplomacy in the Persian Gulf is now published in Journal of Current Chinese Affairs. Framework: strategic hedging, China-Iran/Saudi Arabia  …
By “stop being racist” i dont mean that we shouldnt issue a travel ban. Our  government shouldve done that in the first place. I MEAN STOP MOCKING AND MAKING FUN OF CHINESE PEOPLE. BIKTIMA LANG SILA. LAHAT TAYO BIKTIMA LANG DIN DITO.
Please check whether any inbound chinese passenger was on board . Can’t the China  to help with the departure of Chinese already in Maldives ?  …
The widening economic (and #oil and #commodities) impact of the #coronoravirus. More Chinese big cities and regions, accounting for a whooping 69% of the country's GDP, are extending the New Lunar Year holiday  …
China isolated 2 Million Muslims according to international media. Virus isolated 65 million Chinese. Allah o Akbar
Teresita Ang See of Kaisa Para sa Kaunlaran calls out racist remarks and memes against Chinese people. She says this is not helping the current situation. 
Prof. @RSiliquini to @guardian: “In Italy we have a strange relationship with immigration but also with health aspects – it’s a country in which people don’t want to be vaccinated against measles but they are scared of a Chinese person standing 50 metres away.” |  …
Sempre a fare figure ignobili Spate of anti-Chinese incidents in Italy as two cases of virus confirmed | Italy | The Guardian  …
HARVARD PROFESSOR CHARGED WITH HIDING CHINA TIES: A Harvard University professor was charged on Tuesday with lying about his ties to a Chinese-run recruitment program and concealing payments he received from the Chinese government for research.  …
On behalf of the Govt & people of #AFG I express my deepest sympathy & condolences to people & Govt of China on the outbreak of 2019-nCoV. Chinese are a great nation; we have no doubt that they will  the challenge, as they have  far greater challenges in the past.
The WHO declared the novel coronavirus outbreak in China has  a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. Take a look at how international and Chinese experts say about the current measures taken by the government. #WHO#PHEIC#pneumonia 
The Vatican’s pact with the Chinese Communist state has bought the Pope’s silence at the expense of betraying millions of Chinese Catholics. @benedictrogers outlines the effect of the Francis-Xi #konkordat in devastating terms  … #VaticanChina
filipinos aren't blaming the chinese people. we are blaming our own leader and his administration for their  and nonchalant acts towards the spread of the virus. #OustDuterte
THERE IS NO FCKING SYNCHRONIZATION WITH THE AUDIO AND THE VID BUT YES LISTEN TO OUR QUEEN BABY!!!! "We need to treat all the Chinese people like equally, because they are humans and not everyone are infected with the virus so please be kind to them. Thank you" 
JUST IN: The Department of Health in Central Visayas says it is currently monitoring four patients under investigation (PUI), all of whom are Chinese nationals, who are showing symptoms of the 2019-novel coronavirus acute respiratory disease (2019-nCoV-ARD). #CDNDigital 
We confirm that there are three direct flights from china mainland to @VelanaAirport today with no passengers onboard. The flights would arrive to assist with the departure of Chinese tourists currently in the Maldives. 
“'This is racism': Chinese-Australians say they've faced increased hostility since the coronavirus outbreak began” Come on Aussies... We are much better than this!  …
chinese when they see mice  …
Our JJ donated 10,000,000 KRW to DC Jellery to buy mask for Chinese fans, right?  
Look at this baby who had infected with coronavirus, he doesn't even know why he keeps locked inside this room. Stop blaming Chinese people there human too. I pray someday all those good things will get back the way it used to be. I am Filipino and and i care... 
To all Chinese Tourists or Citizens We apologize for the harsh words and the rejection we have made you feel. The Philippines and it's people are scared not because of you, but because we are a poor country that…  …
#UPDATE Chinese planes sent to Malaysia and Thailand to bring #Wuhan citizens back to #coronavirus-hit city  @AFP's @hectorretamal photographs a woman looking out the window of her home in 
#Coronavirus: Inside China’s Hospitals, Doctors Defy the Chinese Regime’s Narratives-The #China Report  … via @epochtimes
“Not all Chinese are bad people”: Wuhan resident’s Facebook post goes viral  …
When the Chinese guy in the elevator starts coughing  …
This is not racism. It is called a stereotype. "All asians/chinese have coronavirus or you may contaminate it from any of them". There is no power shift iro this disease that is attempting to undermine the  People are acting stereotypical and need to stop.
A geographical travel ban on all  from China is NOT RACIST. There's a lot of races in China (about 12,000+ Filipinos, for example), who will be affected by the ban too. It would be racist if we ban all Chinese people, regardless of origin country.
BREAKING: National carrier @FlyRwandAir has suspended its flights to the Chinese city of Guangzhou, with immediate effect. This follows the declaration of the coronavirus as an emergency of international concern by @WHO China is so far the most affected country by the 
The latest numbers as of Jan 30. Media stories say the Chinese can only manufacture 2,000 testing kits a day so the number of confirmed cases v suspected cases might be more a function of kits available than the actual infection growth rate. 
Corona Virus is not Chinese, there's higher chance of getting jaundism, panic attack and irrational behavior from CHISMOSA VIRUS of Jover et al.
Idk why but this statement given by a Chinese living in Puerto Galera made me sad :((( 
An Australian newspaper prompted outrage after its front page called the coronavirus a “Chinese virus.” While the virus originated in China, “viral diseases don’t have ethnic, racial or national characteristics,” a professor said. 
How do Chinese people kill time at home amid the coronavirus outbreak? Due to the #coronavirus outbreak, #SpringFestival vacation has been extended. Chinese people, bored from being stuck at home, are killing time in amusing ways. 
I ain't blaming China nor intended to be racist when I said the government should've banned chinese  to the Philippines. It is for the safety of our health and to stop spreading of the virus. But yes, #PrayForChina and hoping that the virus will be gone soon.
Hospital Authority worker's union hold a press conference to address the strike and the current dangers of the Chinese freely entering Hong Kong 6500+ have confirmed to strike next week! Support our medical staff and close the border to China! #coronavirus 
Cebu Pacific pulls out planes nCoV-infected Chinese woman had used 
Immigration Tsunami Blowback Nearly 9,000 parents in the York school district signed a petition demanding students who had traveled to China be prevented from attending school. Canada's  faces racist abuse in wake of coronavirus  …
18 South Koreans evacuated from Wuhan are hospitalised after showing symptoms of #coronavirus  Ambulances carry South Korean citizens repatriated from the Chinese city of #Wuhan away from Gimpo airport in 
It’s quite something that even the Chinese media is judging Arnab’s journalism
HEADLINE: "Chinese authorities seize 12 tons of beaver penises smuggled from Canada" - In the spirit of fairness, I feel moved to yet again admonish you: 'Let he/she who hasn't tried to smuggle 12 tons of beaver penises from Canada cast the first stone'  …
It took me about 4 readings until I realised you meant food. I thought he was transporting some random Chinese nationals .... #Idiot
VIDEO: Paris tour operators fret as Chinese tourist flows slow. The French tourism industry fears a hit as the #coronavirus epidemic hinders travel by some of the world's 
“The agency ‘doesn’t want to upset its major stakeholders,’ said Charles Clift, a senior consulting fellow at the Chatham House...’China carries the political clout that other countries don’t.” Global health again taking the back-burner to politics & Chinese hypersensitivities.  …
RB News confirmed this morning that a Chinese national has been quarantined at Block 8 with symptoms of Corona. We are still AWAITING TEST RESULTS from SA. If we don't have basic testing capabilities, what more of treatment? How did this guy get in? How prepared are we?
I pity them now. I hope pinoys would treat them better. Lets just wear masks and do not panic much to the point na hindi na tayo maging makatao. Tao rin po mga chinese, nasasaktan at may damdamin.
Hate the virus, but don't hate the Chinese people. #PrayForChina
Poor Pak nationals left to die in Wuhan for just a few dollars in aid. Are lives of Pak nationals worth only in Chinese aid. Hope Pak learns from India and cares for its own people Coronavirus: Air India special flight to take off from Wuhan at 12.50 pm  …
it is really okay to be scared of coronavirus but being racist towards the Chinese people is literally a different story you’re being a whole racist
CEB is working closely with the Department of Health (DOH) and the Bureau of Quarantine (BOQ) on the necessary actions after the identification of the 38-year old Chinese female passenger confirmed to be positive with the Novel Coronavirus who took CEB flights last Jan 21, 2020.
Real life heroes #coronarvirus Chinese doctors and their medical staff Service to humanity against 
 the tremendous efforts of the Chinese government to contain the #WuhanCoronovirus #nCoV2019 outbreak. The measures will hopefully be effective in China and restrict the spread of the virus abroad @AmbassadorZhang
Apple relies heavily on manufacturing in China and on Chinese consumers as a key revenue driver, making it highly susceptible to disruption as a result of the coronavirus outbreak. 
Giving myself coronavirus to prove how not-racist I am towards the Chinese.
As global anxiety about a new virus rises, Chinese authorities are striving to keep 50 million people in cities at the center of the outbreak both isolated and fed in the biggest anti-disease effort ever attempted. 
Dear Maldivians: plz help pass this message regarding arrangement of Charter flights by Chinese airlines, so as to ensure a smooth and orderly departure of thousands of Chinese tourists currently in different resorts and guest houses of Maldives. Thank u for ur understanding. 
Italy has cancelled all flights from and to China- due to the Corona virus. A ship around Italy has been stopped with the people told to remain on board as one Chinese passenger on it shows signs of coronavirus. There are 6,000 people on the ship. Interesting days ahead...
Protesting the Chinese Embassy London 31/01 12-4pm Please invite all groups and please share.  
To all the Muslims losing half their intestinal tract over the suggestion that the Han Chinese overwhelmingly approve of their government’s incarceration of 2 million Uyghurs, could you please share with us any Han voices opposing it? I’m genuinely interested!
Cebu Pacific said they are currently contacting the passengers seated in the vicinity of the Chinese female passenger confirmed to be positive with the novel coronavirus, who took Cebu Pacific flights last January 21, 2020. 
Swedish media calls for action against attacks from Chinese officials  …
#PrayforChina Yes we are so harsh to chinese people. But I think we should all pray for them and for the people infected with the virus. Virus yung kalaban, hindi po chinese people And not all chinese are bad. Lets stop blaming them and point fingers. STOP THE HATE.
FINALLY the CHINESE GAVE THE GREENLIGHT...RELUCTANTLY...  …
I'm laughing harder that Chinese state media is telling staff to go the Japanese Friendship Hospital. This is like Americans going to the Quebec Friendship Hospital. We may hate them with a passion but in a pinch anything  …
Russia, on the other hand, has closed all 4000km of its border with the PRC. And finally Chinese citizens did stuff like this.  …
Cebu: Mandatory quarantine of all passengers from China of up to 14 days upon arrival at MCIA. Samal Island off limits to Chinese, Asian tourists amid virus scare Lila, Bohol bans any person who has recently been in China at Lila whale shark watching site. Duterte, your turn.
! ATTENTION PLEASE DON'T BELIEVE TO THOSE WHO TELL YOU THAT YOU CAN WEAR EVERY TYPE OF MASKS! a lot of masks aren't made for this in fact they'll let the virus spread if you use them Do you think Chinese people are using surgical masks just because they like them? 
Apple relies heavily on manufacturing in China and on Chinese consumers as a key revenue driver, making it highly susceptible to disruption as a result of the coronavirus outbreak. 
The Chinese have built the largest airport in the world, the size of Manhattan Island—in just 4 years! Imagine what WE could do— infrastructure, airports, bridges, highways...WE’d build if #Democrats supported @realDonaldTrump & America—instead of #IllegalAliens & foreign 
Chinese authorities reported more than 40 Wuhan coronavirus deaths on Thursday, the most fatal day yet in the outbreak. The total death toll is 213, with almost 10,000 cases confirmed worldwide. 
"This coronavirus is not 'Chinese' - don't racialize it because we all have to be prepared. Sinophobia and stereotypes of Chinese people are part of the everyday racism that ethnic  face" #sinophobia #coronavirus  …
people been hating on muslim for as long as we can remember and no one give a damn. when  to chinese it  a issue  …
Coronavirus: British family heads for exit flight after Chinese wife allowed to board – video  …
BREAKING: 2 planes from China are inbound to Maldives right now after the government has placed the ban of Chinese planes to Maldives. 
Real life super heros ! Chinese Doctors and Health Workers working Day and night for their people 
As Wuhan coronavirus spreads, so does anti-Chinese sentiment  
Terror of the Tongs (1961) Hammer, Chris Lee and Yvonne Monlaur in this wonderful film. Chris Lee said in interviews that the make-up he sported in this movie to transform him into a Chinese man was the most  make-up that he had to endure at that point in time. 
The Chinese are not taking any chances with the CORONA VIRUS. 
The CHINESE CONSUL has praised the Philippines as a “true friend” for keeping its borders widest and most open than all major countries and neighbors. Well done TATAY, big BOSS is impressed Meanwhile, poor Filipino people...
Internal CGTN email to Chinese & foreign staff we've seen cancelled all staff leave in  weeks, told people to not leave BJ for personal reasons, and self-quarantine for 14 days upon return to BJ before actually "coming back to work." Incredible. #coronavirus #nCoV2019
Just for clarification, it was the Chinese production who cancelled it NOT yge so it just shows that if they didn’t cancelled it, yge will STILL let Lisa go to China even tho they’re aware of how severe the virus is in China so yah FCK YGE
My girlfriend feels an ineffable but deep pain. She worries about her mother, who has slight cough and feels like she shouldn't go out lest she scare people. She is a very nice woman. So we talked just now about why Chinese must be so unfairly and cruelly demonized.
lets not direct our issues and hatred to the chinese people. no one wants this anyway. lets help one another please. ctto from fb. 
The Chinese government will send charter flights overseas to return people from Hubei province especially residents of Wuhan city, given consideration to the actual difficulties they are facing now abroad, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said on Friday. 
"restrict the movement of citizens" pero free pumasok ang mga Chinese. Clownery at it's finest
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo calls Chinese Communist Party the ‘central threat of our times’ ⁦ @SecPompeo⁩ could’ve used Chinazis telecom Coronavirus Huawei as US-UK trade leverage. But he didn’t.  …
Chinese banned veil now all chinese wearing Veil
Update on #2019nCoV outbreak part 7;  … @MarcBonten describes the enormity and impressiveness of the Chinese outbreak response - an eight wonder of the world? How effective will it be? Is R really sliding down? #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronarvirus
UPDATED: A few facts that shouldn’t be forgotten about #coronavirus 0 new cases in 3 days 1 more patient gone home 7 patients have recovered 7 patients remain in hospital All remaining patients are Chinese tourists 0 deaths 0 patients infected inside Thailand 
I hope some intrepid, young dumb Chinese filmmaker is out there making a zombie movie permit free right now.  …
It’s not about racism or hating chinese people. Unlike China we don’t have proper healthcare in PH. Pag tayo tinamaan ng lintik goodbye ph and goodbye world.
Seriously tho China ..Genuine request from protesters to chinese people #CoronavirusOutbreak 
The Chinese government has engaged in serious espionage operations against the US for decades: Bomb-making secrets stolen from U.S. Nuclear Lab  … via @SFGate
I can't think straight right now, knowing the fact that my dad' risking his life in China. They'll finish discharging on the 10th. So I'm left with nothing but prayers that hopefully the 23 Chinese seafarers with them were not infected.
“6 cases of coronavirus in Japan. No panic, no disgust, no hate, No racism here.”? “A Chinese woman visiting Ito, Shizuoka Prefecture, said that a server at a restaurant shouted “Chinese! Out!” at her, according to a recording shared on a Weibo account.”  …
REALITY CHECK.... Report: CHINESE CREMATING BODIES IN SECRET to hide true extent of death toll #MAGA  …
Chinese vice premier orders all-out effort to tackle medical supply shortage 
INFORMATION REGARDING CORONA VIRUS I just got off the phone to a mate who works in customs at sydney Airport..he said there is a HUGE influx of Chinese fleeing to Australia.. airlines are INCREASING their flights.  here full & go back empty to pick up more
Wow the bat soup video that’s been used to generalize & bash the Chinese for gross eating practices wasn’t even filmed in China It was taken 3 years ago in “a Pacific island nation where bat soup is a delicacy” Thanks for the racist bat food jokes i got irl, western media!  …
wait i just read na “intsik” is a slur? isnt instik the tagalog of chinese?
Chinese press highlighted support message to Chinese people by 1st secretary CCPCC #RaúlCastro and president @DiazCanelB who described as fast and effective the measures that #China has taken and conveyed our willingness to provide help to Chinese friends.  
Presenting..... Traditional Chinese Candy Box Tick!! Fun fact: He attacks with heated Chocolate Coins from inside the lantern! After they’re heated inside, it explodes once it touches the ground just like bombs! #LunarNewYear #LunarBrawl2020 #BrawlStars #브롤스타즈 
"The bill also urges the U.S. government to deny authorization of any additional Chinese consulates until a U.S. consulate is permitted to be established in the Tibetan capital of Lhasa."  …
y’all are fucking disgusting people with absolutely 0  and not only that, but the war machine that violates the world for wealth that is the US have convinced countless of you that chinese people do not deserve empathy due to what is literal sinophobic propaganda
Sen Pres Pro Tempore Ralph Recto on temp ban of Chinese visitors:There is no hint of racism or xenophobia in this policy.This is an assertion of the national wellbeing.And an acceptance of the fact that our defenses and capacity to respond to a health emergency is not that strong
"Hah! those wypipos think I can't with just some Chinese flu? Buncha Racist I tell ya." "I'm a proud non-binary Latinx and I—" *coughs uncontrollably*  …
CRAZY COVER UP? A growing number of reports from inside and outside Wuhan suggest a case of SYSTEMATIC COVERUP and NEGLECT by CHINESE authorities —the VIRUS was detected plus 40 days ago in early December! Truly AUTHORITARIAN regimes can be such a DISASTER, since no TRANSPARENCY!
A good, long analytical piece. Worth a read. Chinese soft power through #media contents seeping into Thai consciousness, perhaps with the Thai public not fully  …
as a queer person of chinese descent, 陈情令 the untamed changed my life. my choreo is on its gorgeous soundtrack, & i’m slowly finding courage to perform it in queer spaces. the intersectionality of queerness & ethnicity is a space i thrive in. exciting  up!  …
Goddam Canadians flooding the world Beaver Penis market with cheap beaver penises! Chinese authorities seize 12 tons of beaver penises smuggled from Canada  … via @naijatell
the fact that lisa’s film schedule for idol producer was postponed bc of the decisions of the chinese production team and not yge really says a lot...
Does this mean Chinese are being racist? Asking for a friend  …
Genuine request of protesters to chinese people 
Agreed. Any criticism towards nCoV should be directed at how the Chinese government has handled the situation, including silencing journalists who raised concerns in early stages. The people are innocent, the “public” officials are reckless.
Desperate Chinese resort to using FRUIT and BRAS as face masks… while pranksters mock the crisis with other hilarious alternatives 
One of the most disgusting videos i haf ever seen. A Chinese person a live a frog. #China 
I request @MoHFW_INDIA @PMOIndia not to trust @WHO as they're towing Chinese line of transparency  I wish Govt takes note & takes steps. Pls don't let Health Minister play a role here. Keep him busy with Delhi elections.
Woken up to the news that Matt Raw who we interviewed for last nights @itvnews did make it on to the plane from Wuhan and is currently on his way to the UK with his Chinese wife and mother #wuhanvirus He got a call at 0430 to ask if they still wanted to 
Chinese spokeswoman: In view of the practical difficulties overseas recently encountered by Chinese citizens from Hubei province, especially Wuhan, the Chinese government has decided to send civil aviation charter flights to directly take them back to Wuhan as soon as possible. 
To all Chinese Tourist, I am sorry for the harsh words and the rejection we have made you feel. The Philippines and it's people are scared not because of you, but because we are a poor country that will suffer if ever it occurs in our land. #PrayForChina #coronavirusPH
The Chinese didn’t give af when they colonized Africa So idgaf that the Coronavirus is colonizing the Chinese
Charles Lieber, the Harvard professor charged with lying about taking millions of dollars from the Chinese government, is a giant in nanotechnology 
Lrt aaa the trio had arrived in LA and already started filming in Grauman's Chinese Theatre~ Good luck, have fun, and stay safee!! >< 
There’s a trend of well-meaning & righteous woke Muslims claiming it’s “racist” to point out that eating vermin  in China and that this habit likely is linked to disease. Here’s super-racist Wu Yong making the same point in Chinese media.  …
Chinese couple living in Harare gave birth to a black baby. In anger, husband asked the wife .... Chi, why baby black? She replied , we live in Zimbabwe, no electricity... Me hot, u hot , sex hot ... Baby burnt .
Amidst all those negative vibes, why not pray to the Chinese people? To those who are infected and/or under observation? To those countries who are doing their part to beat the virus? End racism. Be safe at all times. #PrayForWuhan #PrayForTheWorld (ctto for the 
I felt bad somehow for the Chinese people it feel like they were condemned. More than anyone else they really need help. But seems like some people are looking at them like they r the virus themselves. It must be devastating to feel in danger & being cursed at the same time.
called my tía racist on her fb post about coronavirus originating from chinese dishes and the whole family is attacking me. they sent me to college to be academically educated but don’t wanna see me socially educated
Upon the  of the DOH, President Rodrigo Duterte has issued a travel ban to Chinese  from the Hubei province of China where the nCoV originated, as well in other places in China where there is a spread of the disease. Source: Inquirer 
To all Chinese people! #PrayForWuhan 
Blackpink Lisa’s Chinese Audition Recording Schedule Cancelled... Aftereffects of the Coronavirus (News Article)  
OBVIOUS FACT There are horrible people amongst whites, Africans, Indians, Chinese and Coloreds. There are great human beings amongst whites, Africans, Indians, Chinese and Coloureds. This fact is knowable even amongst toddlers.
 a list of 254 Chinese people who have been detained, fined, threatened, or otherwise punished for sharing info about the #coronavirus This documentation further contributes to discussion about how governance has impacted the outbreak.  
ESPECIALLY when someone who thought I was white discovers I’m half-Chinese and starts treating me differently.
You Asians out there with them “I’m not Chinese” posts look stupid, y’all swear America know how to categorize y’all, keep that same energy up when some shit happen with your people
White people: ‘Chinese people eat weird and disgusting food anyway who would like my lukewarm trachea and cow anus pie bought from the place I buy petrol.’  …
Headed to UK, "Pompeo warned that the Chinese Communist party did not have 'a technical back door to Huawei. They have the front door.'"  …
He was gonna turn that cat into some chinese food 
get off your high horse. anong pinagsasasabi mong walang panic and disgust?? masks/alcohol spray bottles are on a price hike. people are panic buying. and one restuarant owner deliberately posted a “no chinese allowed” sign on his shop. also, 14 cases. not 6.  …
[BLACKPINK member LISA China program got postponed] BLACKPINK member LISA will not participate in the recording of YouthWithYou because due to the Corona virus in china. This is based on a decision made by the local Chinese production team to postpone the show's shooting schedule 
House passes bill protecting Tibetan human rights from Communist Chinese...  @PearsonSharp #OANN
More Australian scientists are involved in Chinese regime's thousand talent program but Australia never bother to investigate.
 warn of "latent racism" in Italy due to fears of catching deadly #coronavirus  
Great to wake up to the news that a Chinese man died in Sydney of a heart attack because no one wanted to administer CPR because they thought he might have 2019-nCoV
There's so much Chinese government money throughout the West using the channels of corruption our corporations enabled. Corruption is now a serious national security problem.  …
Wow. A LOT of Chinese money in the U.S. university system.  
...i’ve decided to  more racist about Chinese food practices  …
Mike Pompeo: "The Chinese Communist Party presents the central threat of our times…The Chinese Communist Party, under President Xi, has made clear that they have an agenda that is not always consistent with the very values…I have been speaking about." 
“White” people brought the world civilization? Sorry Klan boys, but it was Scots engineers, French philsophers, Irish writers, Jewish doctors, Muslim mathematicians, Chinese innovators... In short, it’s always been a cross-pollinating team effort.
I don’t agree with anti-chinese propaganda at all, but these markets where the virus originated from are selling animals in unhygienic conditions that create diseases. So no, we shouldn’t mind our fucking business. We should be taking action to make things safer for everyone.
Just had the best Chinese food !! And it was all VEGAN. 
Instead of blaming them, let’s pray for China especially those who risk their lives in helping those who are greatly affected by this crisis. Hate the virus, but don't hate the Chinese people. Remember they are still human and they're struggling too. 
See for yourselves... after chinese new year.. They are  back... 
In NC, Asian American families, especially Chinese American families worry about the coronavirus & it’s affects on their friends & family. Seeing @ewarren put out something so quickly gives me hope that she knows how to listen  concerns. #AAPIsVote  …
“Grace, a 22-year-old Chinese-Australian, began collecting screenshots of racially-discriminatory  after noticing they had  more prevalent. I’ve been doing that too Grace. The vitriol (and conspiracy theories) are snowballing.  …
Chinese government will dispatch charter planes to bring back Chinese nationals from Hubei stranded overseas, especially those from #Wuhan, concerning the difficulties they have met, foreign ministry spokesperson @MFA_China Hua Chunying says #coronavirus 
Two Chinese tourists were spat at by a group of children in Venice. One was not allowed into Pompeii. Asian student were told not  to class.  …
N95 masks are made in China and and shipments have halted. Chinese are trying to buy any and all masks from the US. Patients should not be given N95s, they only need surgical masks. EMS agencies need to stock up and create mask policies IMHO. 
Let's start to look at things at wider perspective. How? 1st, research on the proactive measures by the DOH, WHO, and the BOQ. 2nd, put yourself in the shoes of the uninfected ppl near the outbreak zone. 3rd, get rid of your personal hate against the govt and chinese ppl.
#Darbar 4th week cinema listing in Malaysia!! It sustained through Chinese New year new movie releases! Thalaivar vere ragaam, parthu usharu!!! 
Thousands of stranded tourists were free to disembark from a cruise ship at an Italian port after authorities said two Chinese passengers feared to have the #coronavirus tested negative  The Costa Smeralda cruise ship docked at Civitavecchia 
I thought it was so seamless the way that he turned the Chinese affection for eating fluish Penguins and Koalas into a lesson about Western food evil.  …
Given the actual difficulties to overseas Chinese nationals from Hubei, especially those from Wuhan, the Chinese government has decided to bring them back home through chartered flights ASAP.
Did you know that the Obama-Biden administration in 2016 fined JP Morgan $264 million for hiring the unqualified kids of powerful Chinese leaders? Biden fined Americans for doing exactly what Ukraine did for his son!  …
#Breaking: Chinese Foreign Ministry said flights will be sent to take nationals from Hubei, especially from Wuhan where the coronavirus originated, who are still overseas to go home “due to the practical difficulties they have been facing”. Er, would they really fly back.. 
"We Americans ... mainly saw the good things about the Chinese Communists, while not noticing carefully the Intolerance, bigotry, deception, disregard for human life, and other evils ... " - Dr. John Leighton Stuart, 1949 Has the US learned anything at all?!
Most Americans, even scientists, don’t have the chance to own or even see the sums of money that China gives them in their entire lives. China tier corruption is jaw dropping. Harvard Chemistry Chair gets $50,000 from China per month, it’s still small money by Chinese standards.  …
[Product Info for Overseas] “hololive 1st fes. Nonstop Story” merch is now on sale! Those outside Japan can buy it from the following sites: English site:  … Chinese site:  … #holoEN #holoCN 
Worldwide new #WuhanCoronavirus cases - Australia’s Queensland has recorded its second #coronavirus case, a 42-year-old Chinese tourist who was part of the 9 people tour group, in which another tourist was also identified to have contracted the virus. 
I’m a Precinct Captain in Iowa City for Pete. Yang doesn’t have one at our location. A lot of Chinese are supporting Yang which is great for their and  and party. Pete people will help them get organized, make sure they know the rules, and save them a spot near us.
Will you let an innocent 7 year old chinese child Enter your country? With words like "Can I go to your country teacher? I want to live"
Here in the Phl some people want to create panic urging banning of all chinese entry, how stupid can that be!!! They don't understand the negative impact it does to the economy and foreign relations. WHO praised China for an efficient response, tapos reaction ntin xenophobia...
I have said that i expect to see individuals lose their lives here from the corona virus. I have chided Azar for not being worried enough. I have blasted the Chinese endlessly for their recklessness. What have my critics done? Criticize me. Brilliant!
You people still don't know what's in 90% of what u eat, but have the liver to shame Chinese people for eating creatures. Check yourself.
Chinese virus will afflict ailing globalisation, says @ugalani:  
Duterte issues an order to temporarily stop the entry of all Chinese nationals from China's Hubei province, where Wuhan — epicenter of the novel coronavirus or 2019-nCoV — is located 
Out in hip Wynwood district of Miami. Chinese/Japanese outdoor eatery w — get this — a record shop. Found this, which basically means #49ers are winning 
Chinese authorities are trying to contain the coronavirus outbreak while other countries evacuate their citizens from Wuhan. At the same time, scientists are racing to learn more about the virus and develop a vaccine. Here are the latest updates: 
Chinese authorities are trying to contain the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak while other countries evacuate their citizens from Wuhan. At the same time, scientists are racing to learn more about the virus and develop a vaccine. Here are the latest updates: 
Just how much are the Chinese hiding It sure seems suspect. This is huge patriots. Please be careful. Stay safe. Wash your hands. And don't travel to China.  …
Coronavirus: #ChineseDontComeToJapan is trending in Japan. In Singapore, tens of thousands of residents signed a petition calling for a ban on Chinese nationals. In HK, South Korea and Vietnam, businesses have posted signs saying that mainland Chinese customers are not 
Can’t believe it has to be said but Coronavirus does not make the racist jokes you were waiting to make about Chinese people more acceptable now.
BREAKING NEWS So curious if Chinese investors who paid $500k for a EB5 U.S. Visa in Jared Kushner’s deal, will be able  to the United States now that WHO declared the #coronavirus a global emergency  …
I’m not gonna stop eating local Chinese food but the messaging of “Western meat practices have been dangerous” isn’t exactly the slam dunk against “Imma be skeptical about this culture’s food practices” you might think it would be buddy  …
out of caution following the guidance of the world health organization and the CHINESE GOVERNMENT our shipping facilities in shenzhen will be closed until february 10th. any non-preorders will not be shipped out until after then - we’re very sorry for any inconvenience 
chinese immigrants  with jews to see who can repeat easily verifiable stereotypes about their respective peoples in a sarcastic enough tone and in the mouth of an imagined white "xenophobe" as if that dispels them rather than affirms them.
Every  attached with a senseless bigoted stigma. HIV/AIDS =  Ebola = African people. Coronavirus = Chinese people. It's a primitive tribalistic defense mechanism that's not just unethical, it doesn't go a long way to protecting u from the disease.
Part of my job in recent days has been tallying global #coronavirus nos. It's quite bonkers it is that there's no updated official tally made public. Even Chinese nos have discrepancies, especially early on. Each one of these people is a human in a hospital bed somewhere. 
Swedish media calls for action against attacks from Chinese officials  …
The Chinese name for Winter Wren is 鹪鹩 jiāoliáo which, rather disappointingly, translates into 'wren'. In Beijing, the prefix of "Winter" is appropriate as, although it breeds in the mountains, the Wren usually ventures into urban areas only in winter to find food. 
Powell has been part of Coup from the beginning. America has a $24+ TRILLION Debt & Powell is blind? He was told “Stop Trump from 3 1/2-4% GDP” That would show  of Obama in a heartbeat Chinese factories will NOT have workers soon. Word is ONLY Management. Cut 50 Basis  …
Far-right trolls use coronavirus meme to spread subtle anti-Chinese racism:  … 
Is it racist to suggest a ban on flights? NO. Is it racist to criticize Wuhan residents for traveling overseas? NO. Is it racist to look at every Chinese person and see disease? YES. Is it racist to refer to Chinese people as “chinks”, “chekwa”, etc.? YES
Some media in #China falsely reported that the coronavirus can be spread by pets like #cats and #dogs. The Chinese ignored the truth, they choose to kill their #pets , it have thrown out of the windows from tall buildings. #Coronavirus #ChinaPneumonia 
200119 #SS8inMacau #siwon @siwonchoi #kyuhyun @GaemGyu #Wonkyu In Chinese custom, today is everyone Birthday so Happy Birthday to All of You. Do not edit, crop, cut my pic n remove logo. Pls credit. #규현 #시원 #崔始源 #圭賢 #SUPERJUNIOR #TIMELESS 
Dear MOBITUARIES listeners: Our episode on pioneering Chinese-American superstar Anna May Wong drops NEXT Friday. Thanks for asking! 
When a Chinese nigga start coughing In the United States 
JUST IN: Upon the  of the DOH, President Rodrigo Duterte has issued a travel ban to Chinese  from the Hubei province of China where the nCoV originated, as well in other places in China where there is a spread of the disease. | 
My girlfriend has a Chinese colleague whose high school classmate back in China (a man in his early 50s) dropped dead of the coronavirus in two days. If there are only 200 some-odd deaths from this, what are the odds that we'd have that connection?
Notice how the Chinese, untroubled by murdoch mafia slime, put their new hospitals within 100mts of the suburbs of Wuhan? That's because they don't eff around with bullshit and KNOW how it's done..sending the expats to Xmas Is is acknowledgement PMSM hasn't got a effing clue.
#Beijing reported its 1st death from #WuhanCoronavirus. Chinese authorities initially denied that the disease could be transmitted between humans, although there had already been several cases of human-to-human infection.  …
make this sink in : Duterte did not want any travel ban of Chinese travelers because he did not want to offend China. Duterte was thinking more of the feelings of China rather than pinoys who might get infected of the corona virus.
Palace: The President has issued a travel ban to Chinese  from the Hubei province of China where the #nCoV originated, as well in other places in China where there is a spread of the disease. | via @pia_gutierrez
Fuck the Chinese government.  …
i agree, though i wish the first time i'd seen it happen wasn't about a chinese guy in an american publication yknow?
JUST IN: President Duterte imposes travel ban on Chinese nationals from Hubei province and other places in China where there is spread of novel Coronavirus. | via 
You don’t say. Texas A&M looked into Chinese government funding of its faculty members. “[T]hey were astounded at the results—more than 100 were involved with a Chinese talent-recruitment program, even though only five had disclosed their participation.”  …
#EverydayHero Photos of frontline nurses taking off their masks trend on Chinese social media. In fighting against the outbreak of the novel #coronavirus, medical workers sometimes work with masks on for nine hours 
He banned an already locked down province in China, making the ban itself useless. He only did this to silence his critics. We should now be more focus on tracking infected people in locations where the Chinese woman was. (Cebu, Dumaguete, and Manila)
“Across the internet, we've seen widespread eruptions of racist scapegoating, blaming Chinese for a disease that has so far only killed Chinese.” @originalspin also puts sinophobia in the US into its historical  …
Human-to-human transmission of the #Coronavirus was occurring from mid-December 2019 in #Wuhan, according to a study analyzing patients infected with the deadly virus. Chinese authorities did not confirm human-to-human transmission until Jan. 20.  …
//He praised the "extraordinary measures" Chinese authorities had taken to prevent it from spreading and said there was no reason to limit trade or travel to China, adding: "Let me be clear, this declaration is not a vote of no confidence in China".// He disgusts me. China>World 
americans ALLOWED measles and polio to gain a foothold in their country AFTER IT HAD ALMOST BEEN ELIMINATED and now they're like, oh no, but this flu is CHINESE so it's WORSE
He called Chinese people unassimilable liars, murderers and misogynists. He pushed the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882—the 1st US immigration ban on a specific group of people. Today, however, his name was taken off a Berkeley Law School building.  … #Recharge
Famous Jewish American Biochemist Suspected of Spying for China Story suggests Chinese  in virus  
As fear about the deadly coronavirus spreads among  some Chinese-Australians say they have experienced more racial discrimination 
BREAKING: President Duterte has ordered ban on Chinese  from Hubei province in China, Presidential spokesperson Salvador Panelo confirms. #coronavirus 
Chinese hospital use robots to deliver medicine 
I wanna skip class tonight cause there’s like 40 Chinese international students that I know at least a few of them have visited mainland China in the past month
Desperate Chinese resort to using FRUIT and BRAS as face masks… while pranksters mock the crisis with other hilarious alternatives 
wait ure telling me there are ppl that think ALL chinese ppl, no matter where they’re actually living or from, have the corona virus?? nah man, they got the stupid
Drugs VFA cancellation Nepotism/Cronyism Propaganda vs Leni, De Lima, etc. Warm  for Chinese tourists and illegal workers nCoV prevention Due process National security Economy The Filipino people  …
With China locked in doors from rapidly spreading coronavirus, Chinese statisticians are reassuring us that non-manufacturing PMI surged to 54.1 while manufacturing remained stable at 50.0. Everybody feel better the economy is stable and normal 
29th Jan, @theheraldsun “Chinese virus pandamonium” inappropriately labeled the Coronavirus by race. @dailytelegraph stated “China kids stay home” This is offensive, unacceptable and racist. Ethical journalism should be the cornerstone of any publication. Apologise. 
Yeah, but this should be a two-way process. What's the use of self-care and protection, respect and all that stuff if there are no specific and concrete preventive measures being done by the govt. If the Chinese are freely going in and out, what's the point of our efforts?
racists: coronavirus happened because Chinese people eat weird shit me, a Chinese person: what is the charge? eating a meal? a succulent Chinese meal?
: these days, renjun is gradually, uh? getting better : *instantly sits properly and bows* thank you. happy new year~ : *does the same* ah yes. thank you. happy new year *in chinese* SOULMATES ONLY 
In case anyone wonders what borders are good for. Unfortunately, the globalists keep letting Chinese people travel into our countries as if nothing happened. Close our border for them all for 2 months and then we can reevaluate. The world won’t go under by doing so...  …
personally? i love that the only bad thing anyone can dig up on bernie sanders is him saying like, "people like this horrible politician because he says some things that speak to them" and not like "bernie sanders pretended to be chinese so he could get tenure at harvard"
(talking about receiving money for the chinese new year) RJ to JS: should hyung give it to you??? （╹◡╹）♡ *hug* 
OK Group has donated 10 million Chinese yuan to help victims of the coronavirus in Wuhan. The first batch of supplies and medicine has been delivered and more is on the way. We'll fight this together.  …
NEW: The arrested Harvard prof is tip of the iceberg. When the Texas A&M system investigated how much Chinese money its faculty was getting, officials were astounded—over 100 were involved in Chinese talent recruitment plans. Only 5 disclosed.  … @aviswanatha
Swedish media calls for action against attacks from Chinese officials  …
Our World Over exclusive with @SecPompeo  up in moments @EWTN at 8pm E. What is the Secretary's reaction to the UK's decision allowing the  Huawei, to build its 5G Network? Here's a hot take: 
“OMG you hate the Chinese because of Coronavirus?” No. There are many reasons and that is but one.
Latest Chinese data out. New case count 9,692 in China, 9,821 global. Still tracking in line w @chrismartenson's exponential growth plot. Interview with @chrismartenson is live now @MacroVoices.com cc: @nntaleb - this is your data for 40% daily exponential growth  …
We empathize with the Chinese people & we are one in the battle against #coronavirus via scientific & factual information and its worst enemy called prejudice. From the Philippines. Pray for China. #PrayforChina 
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang stresses speeding up vaccine, medicine development against pneumonia caused by novel coronavirus  
Guess what all my Twitter friends out there tomorrow is Friday my Grammy has a  over for Chinese food so you all knows what that means I am going to get Chinese food too. Hip-Hip-hooray for me everyone 
Transport officials clarify that the  temporary travel ban to Hubei province is basically the same as the ban already put in place by the Civil Aeronautics Board last Jan. 23, when 600 Chinese tourists were flown back to Wuhan. | 
I'm heading out to get some Chinese food. Do you want anything? Bat soup? 
Don’t trust Chinese numbers! Only America is the beacon of truth!! First it was “nobody got hurt by Iran’s missiles” Then 34 US troops. Then 50. Now 64!  …
“The elderly say that crows seem to anticipate death because they can smell it, even before a person dies.” Chinese social media users have reported unusual sightings of dense flocks of crows and are concerned it may be related to the  …
Making Baby Yoda real so he  a Chinese delicacy and Reddit freaks out.
“Shutting down travel to China isn’t ‘punishing China’—it’s protecting our own citizens." - @SenTomCotton told me after @WHO "opposes any travel measures against China" to "punish" the Chinese gov't.  …
#Updated The number of confirmed cases of novel #coronavirus rose to 9,692 in Chinese mainland as of Jan 30, including 213 deaths. 
This is for real, guys, this psychotic globohomo exists, and he wants you to know it is racist to criticize Chinese torture of dogs and cats for culinary enhancement. He learned this in "environmental studies". 30 million dogs are eaten in Asia yearly.   …
1/ Melbourne is touted as this multicultural mecca but this is contingent on consumption of cultures. Chinese folks being seen as diseased bodies is cliche Aussie "humour"  …
To all of youse thinking that the Chinese people are the cause of every fucking thing. Let’s talk about it. #PrayForWuhan 
‘I’m worried about the Chinese virus!’ -White anti-vaxxer
Only a sicko like soupie would equate protecting aussies (including the 2 million with Chinese ancestory) from a deadly pandemic with racism.. This race baiter doesnt speak on behalf of anyone in Australia let alone multicultural Australia. You are a disgrace soupie. We see you  …
Suspected virus cases in China: 1/27 5,974 1/28 6,973 1/29 9,239 1/30 12,167 1/31 15,238 (Source: Chinese gov't press releases) #WuhanCoronavirus I think after 14 months, the infection spreads to two billion people
Chinese niggas will kill their cats because they fear they might spread the virus but won't wash their hands and stop eating bushmeat lmaooooo  …
VIETNAM SUSPENDS VISAS TO CHINESE TOURISTS
Cancel all  flights from China Another 43 Coronavirus Deaths Reported In Hubei; 100,000 Chinese 'Under Observation’  …
I’d drag myself through ten miles of sneezing chinese bats just to be able to smell the outside of your hazmat suit
But QLD is asking for details on all other arrivals. Not just from one plane. It wants to know how many Chinese nationals, especially those from Hubei, are in Aus already so they can plan.  …
I’m not doing cpr on any Chinese person that drops down in a time like this fym
Babe asked what I felt for and I couldn’t decide so I jokingly said Chinese, pizza, kfc and curry chicken. Well... 
Coronavirus Deaths Surpass 200; 100,000 Chinese 'Under Observation' What do you think of the theory going around that it is only Asians that are being affected by this virus?  …
Over 100,000 close contacts of confirmed virus cases are now under medical observation in China (from Chinese government) 
#coronavirus Men may be more prone to coronavirus than women, #Chinese study finds Researchers also say early diagnosis is important, as illness can lead  and organ failure  …
Suspected virus cases in China: 1/27 5,974 1/28 6,973 1/29 9,239 1/30 12,167 1/31 15,238 (Source: Chinese gov't press releases)
everyone a gangster until a chinese person starts coughing
mosquitoes after biting the chinese exchange kid: 
Imagine being locked up in a Chinese prison for 417 days. You cannot see your family. No justifiable reason has been given. That is what our Canadian friend and colleague Michael Kovrig is facing. #FreeMichaelKovrig.  
With the 2019 nCoV scare, Robredo tells the Duterte gov’t to “immediately act” on  to respond to the health crisis, including travel ban vs Chinese mainlanders, support for Filipinos in affected areas, & plans for evacuation, if necessary. | 
Ha!! WTF is Joe saying? When did the Chinese lock up Michael Rapaport?  …
A Chinese county near the #Coronavirus epicenter of #Hubei has taken drastic measures to ward off the infectious disease. The entire county will cut  with surrounding counties: roads will be blocked, and no one will be allowed to  …
Scientists looked at data from the first 425 cases of #coronarvirus in Wuhan and found that human-to-human transmission among close contacts occurred since mid-Dec 2019. Chinese authorities did not confirm human-to-human transmission until Jan. 20.  …
Across the internet, we've seen widespread eruptions of racist scapegoating, blaming Chinese for a disease that has so far only killed Chinese 
Let us pray for everybody amidst nCoV outbreak, Filipinos & Chinese alike. There are many good Chinese people who now suffer from global discrimination & ridicule w/c is very inhumane. They may be generally favored by the govt, but not all of them actually seek for govt favor.
Meanwhile your entire monopolised food system is one mistake away from an e. coli outbreak of biblical proportions but yeah lets talk about the filthy exotic Chinese. Oh hey lets also talk about antibiotic resistance when we start talking about emerging diseases.  …
Great to know that the World Health Organization has so much trust and confidence in the Chinese Government when  to the containing the #coronovirusoutbreak. Not like the Chinese Government would ever lie to us. 
Health Secretary Francisco Duque: • The Chinese woman — the first case of novel coronavirus in PH — is in 'absolute isolation' with her boyfriend at the San Lazaro Hospital in Manila • Suspected carriers of the new coronavirus down to 23 
This is  Quarantine is not racist. The people in Wuhan are the people who have to be quarantined. Who asked their race? The Chinese are quarantining them. But you don't call them racist. Is calling white Australians racist for no reason your special skill?  …
Aye, who was that chick that said Brandon Ingram would end up in the Chinese Basketball Association?
all chinese transfer students only study wuju style & funnel
Not quite the Chinese Basketball Association KD @b_ingram13 YOU earned this. And worked for that. Not some training staff or coach. Happy to have had you while on  up. Fly Pelican 
so yes, they have found the cause of it but the chinese gov. is trying it’s hardest to hide it. my uncle sent me an article on it but it’s in chinese but i’d still be happy to share it! here are some photos that were taken of the market that caused the virus: TRIGGER WARNING
Men may be more prone to coronavirus than women, Chinese study finds  …
Chinese residents face jail if they slam country's coronavirus response  
Chinese airport staff working to get foreign nationals onto flights under difficult circumstances 
“That policy of appeasement…makes us more vulnerable to further attacks.” #Chinese diplomats involved in encouraging overseas students to attack #FreeSpeech on Canadian campuses should be removed from their position, says Conservative MP  …
Chinese state-controlled media outlets have published editorials denouncing the consumption of wild animals. Thousands of Chinese citizens have echoed the sentiment 
A Chinese bookstore and library has mirrored floors and arched shelves, creating the illusion of a never-ending tunnel of books. That's the dream! 
the chinese gov. has known about the virus since december but ignored it thinking it would go away- once it got worse they tried hiding it from the public and the media to prevent backlash- now its  out of control.
Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying responds to @WHO's #PHEIC decision: China has the confidence and capability to win the battle against #coronavirus and it is willing to work with @WHO and other countries to safeguard public 
Today in wtf racism in suburban LA: a Korean American friend sneezed in the lobby of her kids’ school. A white mother pointed at her & said loudly “the Chinese need to go back to China.” (I have permission to tweet this.)
Good. It’s 2020. UC Berkeley Law School drops name of attorney who pushed for Chinese Exclusion Act cc: ⁦ @PlanAMag⁩ ⁦ @discoveryduck⁩ ⁦ @cogitatotomato⁩  …
Italy's Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte announces all air traffic to and from China has been stopped in an effort to halt the spread of the novel coronavirus  after authorities confirmed that two Chinese tourists in Italy were diagnosed with coronavirus | via @CNN
According to some unconfirmed reports, even Grab drivers are now refusing to service Chinese nationals. - via @DZMMTeleRadyo Hello Bong Go! It is not being xenophobic, it is nCoV-phobic!
Attention members of the Opposition who are quick to blame Duterte and accusing him of being “pro-China”. WHO officials are actually praising Chinese officials for their quick response and transparency despite the risks on their economy.  …
“Business as usual in Washington will be insufficient to address the China challenge in the Indo-Pacific.” A congressionally mandated report lays out  US strategy to counter the #Chinese regime’s threats in the #IndoPacific  …
Set fire on puppy for fun?!these Chinese people can’t be human  …
Anyone else rocking a custom @DuaneS39 Chinese knockoff for tonight’s game?? #WeAreAllDuane  …
chinese people be buying beer.. bro you worried about the wrong corona
Reports of direct and indirect racism against Chinese people have skyrocketed in recent weeks, as a result of the #coronavirus. This is disgusting. These people need our support and best wishes, not our scorn. We can do better, folks.
I hope we all remember how this government failed to address the NCov by repeatedly favoring the Chinese over  Filipino. One of the many failures. Kaya tigil-tigilan niyo na yang paghahanap ng Yolanda Funds, ha?
But since that report came out, the Chinese CDC have isolated the coronavirus in environmental samples from the Wuhan market, which indicates the virus originated from wild animals on sale at the market 2/2
Berkeley law school removes Boalt's name from building, citing his anti-Chinese legacy  …
Dazu Rock Carvings is located in Chongqing, China. It was built from 650AD in Tang Dynasty (618AD - 907AD). Among the rock carvings, there are over 50,000 statues and 100,000 Chinese characters of inscriptions and epigraphs. In 1999, it listed in World Heritage List by UNESCO. 
DOH: • The Chinese woman — the first case of novel coronavirus in PH — is in 'absolute isolation' with her boyfriend at the San Lazaro Hospital in Manila • 5 of the 29 persons under observation for the novel coronavirus have been discharged
WHO has declared coronavirus a global emergency. As outbreak spreads, so does anti-Chinese sentiment around the world. But understandable fear sometimes turns into xenophobia. Some protective measures have effectively amounted to racial or ethnic profiling 
These jokes are not funny at all. This rhetoric dehumanizes Chinese people and will only produce a spike on hate crimes against Chinese tourists and immigrants.
Insane thing is that academics are rewriting the history of all subjects including science to make it seem that Africans, Moslems and Asians were "co-partners" in producing Newton, Darwin, Renaissance, Enlightenment - even saying Chinese came up with law of gravitation!  …
#UPDATE Thousands of tourists were free to disembark from a cruise at an Italian port after authorities said two Chinese passengers feared to have the coronavirus tested negative. PM Giuseppe Conte meanwhile stopped all flights between Italy and China  
UC Berkeley Law School drops name of attorney who pushed for Chinese Exclusion Act 
Breaking News: There will be significant changes in Chinese politics! Will someone die in the Politburo?  via @Gnews202064
Our concern is with the very slow process of data being released, and the data seems highly  with videos we receive from our friends in China of stuffed Chinese hospitals.
saying “ppl were racist with ebola too” doesn’t validate nor excuse racism towards asians abt the coronavirus. racist jokes abt black people/ebola were just as unfunny as chinese people/coronavirus. they were bad jokes then, why would they be better now 
Influential Trump Admin Online Allies Take on China Allies of President @realDonaldTrump have urged the administration to take action against deadly Chinese fentanyl and the outbreak of  …
Circulating on Chinese social media. Despite this effort to educate the public, many dogs and cats have fallen victim to hate and fear. 
Chinese people massing in a crowd WITHOUT a mask to get a mask — a picture of the unthinking panic that may be used to get people to take untested vaccines as  brags it only took them 3 hrs to create a #coronavirus #vaccine  …
Are you seriously suggesting the virus is a bioweapon lab made by the Chinese government
Ways to Prevent NCoV 1. Proper hygiene 2. Wear Face mask in crowded area 3. Vote wisely Lastly don't vote for Bobong Go... he is a fucking Chinese.
I beg one of you Chinese mandem spit on this bitch 
The Chinese government made caronavirus to sort out the over population
8,236 confirmed cases. There are reports out of Wuhan that the real number is 10x the confirmed cases right now. The Chinese are acting like it's a modern-day plague, so maybe we should get serious too.  …
Chinese VIPs are amazing they donated the following to help with the hospital supply in Wuhan: ×1000 protection masks ×1200 surgical gloves ×100 bottles of 75% alcohol ×1200 surgical gowns ×1200 medical caps, ×155 goggles And more individual fans are donating as well. 
The Coronavirus is a serious problem but most  have already shed 15%+ of their market caps. The selling may continue for a while but this virus isn't likely to derail China's long-term economic progress IMHO. Buying fear usually pays in the long run.
#DreamChaser "We can't stop getting old but we can slow it through exercising," said this Chinese granny who has devoted herself to body building for over 14 years. 
When the world's most smug, arrogant, & fraud-feasing CEO decides you are on the black list, then on the black list shall ye remain. Thou shalt be a fawning lickspittle, or thou shalt be as nothing unto us. Besides, we'll say not a word about the Chinese roof tiles. $tsla  …
It is surreal that one of the most prominent Chinese citizens - known around the world, is not a "model socialist worker", but a billionaire capitalist.  …
The  has voiced #support for the Chinese government and people in fighting the recent #coronavirus outbreak, saying that China deserves gratitude and respect for its efforts.
Y'all freaking out about coronavirus and avoiding Chinese-looking people but still won't get a flu shot you're far more likely to die from flu than coronavirus and they infect the same way
By turns grim and hilarious, but brilliant throughout. By Ian Johnson. "Coronavirus and the Panic Epidemic: The Chinese government is going all-out because it knows the people don’t entirely trust it."  … via @NYTOpinion
.I switch off wherever I hear news presenters calling Africans foreign nationals in SA, while colonial European/Indian/Chinese/Dutch/French/Portuguese descendents do not suffer the same.discrimination? By law the real foreigners are classified as black for economic benefit today
Me when I see the Chinese students start wearing masks around campus 
“That policy of appeasement…makes us more vulnerable to further attacks.” #Chinese diplomats involved in encouraging overseas students to attack #FreeSpeech on Canadian campuses should be removed from their position, says Conservative MP  …
Chinese internet users have been sneaking discussion of the coronavirus onto the web by talking about "Chernobyl", the TV drama 
black people the world over have a monumental chip on their shoulders, why? Self loathing perhaps? I never see people of Chinese or Indian race so obsessed with the colour of their skin, they just work hard and make money, just saying
"she said she had been told she would have to leave her 3-year-old son behind because he has a Chinese passport." "he and his daughter had been offered seats on a flight on Thursday - but not his wife, who is a Chinese national. 'hostile environment'  …
US-backed, billionaire-funded right-wing secessionists in Hong Kong have for years used racist tropes portraying mainland Chinese as locusts The goal of this racist dehumanization is imperialist: The US wants to break up China, starting in HK and Xinjiang  …
How badly do our supposed "elite" universities sell out our country? They let celebs purchase their kids a spot. They produce Far-Left theories designed to regress. Now Harvard Professor C. Lieber was just busted for selling secrets to the Chinese here  …
#抗爭學英文 #增值推 Cover up (動詞) 隱瞞 例：The Chinese government has been covering up the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, just like the way they handled the SARS outbreak 17 years ago. Cover-up （名詞） #手足互科 #手足科勞
Over 60% Americans view China negatively But 100% Chinese view China negatively... The Chinese government, at least. Chinese hate China more than anyone, believe me.  …
Judge says #Lieber will be released on bail for $1 million cash. He has to surrender his passport, cannot leave Massachusetts, and is not allowed contact with anyone from Wuhan University of Technology, Peking University, or the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
ok you guys joke about how everyone in SF dates similar-looking Chinese-American women but let me tell you being generically cute is actually great because it’s very powerful to be able to remind someone of all four of their past loves at once
As a Chinese who's born in Malaysia and has NEVER set foot in China, I've had  in with remarks like: • Ching chong • Are you planning to eat your dog when he's grown? (I laughed) • Communist In  weeks it'll be • Stop spreading Corona virus! 
The blatant anti-Chinese racism that has been surging in recent years, right as the US empire turned its sights on China and declared it the biggest "threat" to "national security," perfectly demonstrates how racism is a tool of colonialism and imperialism  …
Melbourne club, owned by white people & visited mainly by white people, creating an event based on making fun of Chinese misery & death. Can someone please start a boycott on this place?? Australian racism & insensitivity has never been so high. #Auspol 
The Department is examining the immigration position of Chinese nationals who require an extension of their permission as a result of the Coronavirus. It is monitoring the ever evolving situation & will adopt a pragmatic approach re persons who’s permissions  to an end.
14 Chinese tourists with high fever at @FourSeasons hotel in 
2 Chinese tourists in Rome (at a hotel, not the cruise ship where 2 people tested negative)
Italy confirms first coronavirus cases in two Chinese tourists in Rome; prime minister says air traffic suspended between Italy and China  …
Make ban on Chinese wildlife markets permanent, says environment expert  …
i wanna know what public health official is supporting raw consumption of mice. bro these wet markets are not well regulated and unsanitary thats not racist. and why do people keep equating criticism of china to Chinese people???  …
Chinese civil labourers work like soldier ants, have you seen some videos? A 100 thousand plus workers working in choreography and precision, I watched them dismantle and replace an overhead bridge in one night. Residents wake up driving on a new bridge.
Ye had accessed U.S. military websites,researched U.S. military projects  information for the PLA on two U.S. scientists with expertise in robotics  science.’The DOJ understands that the Chinese Government IS our enemy. When will Businesses? #liecheatsteal
In the military, there's a saying. Amateurs talk tactics. Professionals talk logistics. The few, first-hand account videos that have slipped through the Chinese firewall suggest you might want to brush-up on being a professional.
Yanquing Le - falsified her j-1 visa and said she was a ‘student’ when she was working as a Chinese military spy. ‘A search of Ye’s electronic devices demonstrated that at the direction of one NUDT professor, who was a PLA Colonel...1/2  …
Bro, 170 people are dead and over 8,000 are infected with this virus (that is if you believe the official numbers) Chinese food criticism really should not be the high on your list of priorities.  …
americans discriminating against chinese people about the coronavirus as if unvaccinated brantley and kaeleigh can’t get us all killed as well lmao
I love how Chinese news media focuses on the amazing work done by the labor of  citizens. Incredibly unlike US media, which gives space only to the opinions of billionaires, their political elite, and racists.
"Listen here, racist, just because these Chinese eat bats, creatures that are reservoirs of Rabies, Hendra, Marburg, Ebola and a host of other viruses that are transmittable to humans, we in the West are just as bad, keep the borders open"  …
Supply of daily necessities remains steady in major Chinese cities while authorities are stepping up efforts to ensure continuous supply and stable prices amid the novel #coronavirus 
To help support relief efforts, @Googleorg issued a $250,000 direct grant to the Chinese Red Cross. Additionally we launched an internal campaign inviting Googlers to donate. So far,  and Googlers have raised over $800K USD (3.5M rmb).
the xenophobia around corona virus in america tells me that people apparently don't know how viruses work... like... it's not like all us chinese folk have corona virus lying dormant in us and now suddenly it's all been activated in us
I shouldn't even have to say this, but considering I've seen it on Twitter... Racism and hate aimed at individual Chinese people is not acceptable, ever. You're allowed to be scared, or even mad. Direct that at the Chinese gov't.
Stanford folks: I'm speaking at @Stanford_Cyber's lunch series Feb 18. I'll lay out recent events in Chinese tech policy and discuss  next, as well as how these things are tied to US-China relations, trade, and tech rivalry.  …
Dr Li Wenliang, 1 of the “rumormongers,” is still at ICU. So were his parents. He thanked supporters. He said he’ll return to the frontline as the epidemic is still raging. “I don’t want to be a deserter.” My thought: the Chinese people don’t deserve Xi Jinping & the CCP.  …
Still getting my head around the government’s Christmas Island plan for Australian Chinese in Wuhan. Is it: 1. Typical LNP racism and dog whistle 2. Geopolitics 3. Morrison-Dutton  4. So LNP can justify wasting all that money re-opening CI 5. All of the above #auspol
When your mum is getting takeaway but goes to the Chinese and gets corona virus 
the fact that my chinese lab TA felt the need to tell us during our epidemiology lab that she hasn’t gone back to china in a while so we don’t have to worry ab her having the corona virus makes me so >:(
Paris shops feel the pinch as virus keeps Chinese tourists away  
Came across a message today from someone wondering if they could get #coronavirus from eating Chinese food made in Canada. This is why public health officials are speaking out against racism/ignorance:  …
Make ban on Chinese wildlife markets permanent:  …
2/28 @the Aero: Q&A with director Kelly Reichardt! In her new film FIRST COW, a taciturn cook joins a group of fur trappers in 19th-century Oregon and goes into business with a Chinese immigrant – with a little help from a prized milking cow.  
“8 of the world's biggest technology service providers were hacked by Chinese cyber spies in an elaborate and years-long invasion. The invasion exploited weaknesses in  their customers, and the Western system of technological defense.”  …
Every politician thinks they can help America by getting elected. Nobody's saying different. It's whether you beg Russian and Chinese intelligence for military-grade PsyOps in exchange for perverting America's foreign policy that we find objectionable.
I always see Chinese people wear masks. What's the difference?
During the 2003 SARS outbreak, Philadelphia’s Chinatown lost 50% of its business. Philly had 0 SARS cases. Now w/ coronavirus there are already instances of anti-Chinese racism painted as public health “precautions.” Epidemics are no excuse for bigotry.  …
What a magnificent Chinese New Year across @HarrisFed, truly inspiring cultural immersion for more than 3000 pupils across 15 academies! 新年快乐! Happy Chinese New Year! @HPAEastDulwich @HPABeckenham @HPACR @HASN_NEWS @HarrisBromley @HFLanguages 
Instead of having an adult conversation with the Chinese people about the coronavirus and putting in place reasonable policies used to good effect elsewhere, the government "has gone into full lockdown mode," writes Ian Johnson 
Just in case were annoyed at the Chinese foisting the Black Death 2.0 on humanity>Stop Right There Bucko! This queer SJW is here to lambast your Eurocentric racism as your family and nation choke to death on their own blood and mucus.  …
Doing our small part. Delivery truck for #Wuhan sponsored by @BinanceBCF. With Chinese Internet giants donating in the 100m to 1b range, the shortage isn’t money, but logistics and supplies. Physical world limitations. 
A Chinese friend tole me: It seems there's a cat lover's in a Wuhan Weibo group with 5000 members, not one of whom showed any symptom of the coronavirus. There are no longer any cats or kittens to be adopted in the area. Shelters empty, just in case cats cure the virus! They do!
The Communist Party of #China has led the Chinese people conquering many difficulties. Now we are united to fight against #Novelcoronavirus and we have full confidence to win this battle. GREAT PARTY and GREAT PEOPLE for A GREAT CAUSE!
So Chinese pet owners are killing their cats and dogs by throwing them out of the window, in fear of their pets spreading the coronavirus. 
So, a Chinese friend of mine wanted to see if John Tory was right about racism, so he coughed really loudly and often on the TTC to see who were the racists. Many who moved to another seat were Chinese.
. Chinese Woman from Wuhan Goes on Vacation to Philippines – Visits Cebu, Manila, Dumaguete — Then Checks into Hospital with Coronavirus . Potentially tens of thousands .  …
Chinese diplomats involved in encouraging overseas students to attack free speech on Canadian campuses should be removed from their position, says #Conservative MP Garnett Genuis  …
So wait, a Muslim descendant of peoples who eradicated whole indigenous populations with diseases like smallpox is now blaming Chinese culture for the Corona virus?
Sending lots of love to Chinese folks (and (east)asians) in the diaspora who are facing disgusting attacks of racism in the streets, on transit, at the workplace, online, in school & in all the places where you’re minding your own damn business #CoronaVirusCanada
MOU signed with  for 300 MW coal power plant with chic  To be built in Gwadar InshaAllah.
Ayatollah #Khamenei has been having affairs  such as North Korea, China, & Russia since the beginning of his dictatorship in Iran. His silence on the Chinese Massacre of Muslims is strong evidence that he is a puppet of Communists. 
Can you believe that the lefties are crying racism because chinese children that returned from china should stay away from school for 2 weeks....
im chinese and it saddens me that people are being racist to not just chinese but asians in general bc of the coronavirus. i see stories/videos of people being racist and it hurts?? please don’t make jokes about us or sh*t talk , you wouldn’t want other people to do that to you.
Sharing information Chinese authorities don't approve of might land you in jail.  …
Also, as a reminder, Chinese people are not vermin like rats or cockroaches. People of Asian descent are not dirty or worthy of suspicion. When we sneeze or cough, in all likelihood it’s an allergy  cold or some dust that went into our noses. We are just like you.
As a Chinese, I feel regret but I also understand this decision of WHO. China is taking actions, adopting measures stricter than those for SARS. I believe there's high probability that things will get better before long.  …
A friend who watched the live press conference told me: "Disgusting! The WHO people used half of the time to praise the Chinese government! We are grateful, etc." WHO Declares Global Public Health Emergency Over Chinese Coronavirus Outbreak  … via @epochtimes
Given that around 500,000 people die from seasonal flu worldwide every year, is the coronavirus threat being exaggerated? It worries me that British friends with Chinese heritage are already reporting being targeted with 
Still looking into this. This will be an ongoing thread. It's looking like he assisted with Tech & the set up of a Facility in Wuhan to Chinese specifications. He MAY have been the source of this pathogen or simply a specialist brought in for oversight
I’m all in my feelings about Pedro, so for a laugh, let’s remember that he filmed one of the greatest Cubs social media posts of this era. The Javy & Soler Chinese food/burger incident! Listen to Pedro’s laugh at the end! 
Chief Public Health Officer Theresa Tam says she's troubled by the growing number of reports of racists acts  directed at people of Chinese and Asian descent related to the coronavirus outbreak. 
this is a summary of all the diff chinese fanbases that have donated to help out with the Wuhan crisis but I will try my best to source out each and every one of them to give them thanks by acknowledging their efforts and translating for them so we can appreciate their efforts 
pho french fries anything chinese   
That’s why we trying to show the world why China should move on with the times and ban animal live slaughter - the CAUSE of this virus!!! What does the Chinese Govt expect when this isn’t illegal??!! 
Don't panic: WHO calls #coronavirus global emergency. Thanks to Chinese Communist Party blocking real journalism, there's no proper reporting on health risks of live wild animals in markets. China's political freeze is endangering world. But British government dare not say so.  …
3.5 years to fulfill a records request related to White House advisor Jared Kushner meeting with Chinese investors at a time when his  was also courting foreign investment is an unacceptably long delay.  …
HOLY SHIT: Hunter Biden takes trip to China to sell National Intelligence secrets for personal profit to the Chinese government! Wait, no, my bad. That’s Jared Kushner.  …
HORROR!....... Chinese Woman from Wuhan Goes on Vacation to Philippines - Visits Cebu, Manila, Dumaguete -- Then Checks into Hospital with Coronavirus  … via 
新春快乐 In honor of the Chinese New Year we're giving away a few prizes! RT for a chance to win one! #RepTheDistrict | 
#CoronaVirus possibilities: 1. It is fear porn. 2. This is a vaccine scam. 3. This is a bio weapon leaked out but will be contained with a vaccine scam. 4. The Chinese lab fucked up and let a bio weapon out they cannot stop now. 5. This is an illuminati depopulation plot.
Desperate Chinese resort to using FRUIT and BRAS as face masks… while pranksters mock the crisis with other hilarious alternatives 
Report: CHINESE CREMATING BODIES IN SECRET to hide true extent of death toll: U.S. reports Its 1st case of human-to-human transmission. 7,000 people held on cruise ship after passenger develops suspected coronavirus symptoms  
no suicidal shit but I’m craving chinese food rn
The coronavirus is a metaphor for the failures of a Chinese Communist system that eventually will do great damage to the world, by accident or intent, writes @DanHenninger  … via @WSJ
"As I have said repeatedly since my return from Beijing, the government is to be congratulated for the extraordinary measures it has taken to contain the #2019nCoV outbreak, despite the severe social & economic impact those measures are having on the Chinese people"- @DrTedros
[2015] Jun. K singing a Chinese song "Only One" "It's not that easy go back You're surely my only one Alone, I say love you to the phone I really love you Baby, I can't love you more than this" *originally sung by Lihong Wang #2PM #Jun_K #투피엠 #준케이 #金閔俊 
It takes a 6th grade level of science to understand fundamentally how diseases are spread. China’s cities are incredibly densely populated. Saying Chinese people’s hygiene has anything to do with this outbreak is so unbelievably dumb it’s astounding anyone actually believes it.
Folks: please don't discriminate against or blame Chinese people for the spread of the Wuhan virus. It's unethical, counter-productive, and wrong.
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang on Thursday stressed speeding up the development of #vaccine and medicine against #pneumonia caused by the novel 
There are two primary reasons why the Chinese government is panicking over the #coronavirus 1. It’s damaging their fragile economy by shutting down manufacturing facilities and driving down their stocks. 2. It’s a bioweapon of their own making that escaped the lab.
"No Chinese allowed." A wave of racist abuse has been directed at  as the coronavirus spreads beyond China 
Schiff just now in #SenateTrial laid out an entirely hypothetical scenario in which President Trump & Rudy Giuliani go to #China to solicit a #QuidProQuo deal w/the Chinese government...says this is the type of lawlessness we’re normalizing if we don’t #impeach Trump
Qld Coronavirus: 2 people from the same Chinese tour group have now tested positive to Coronavirus .. authorities are scrambling to contain the outbreak and have now been given new powers to forcibly detain treat and test those suspected of being infected. Details  – at Gold Coast University Hospital
A very large  was told, by their Chinese supplier, that freight from #China will cease. This is getting serious, fast.  … #coronavirus  …
It’s cool to see ppl trying to keep their spirits up  & art instead of living in fear. Here’s a Mickey Mouse a Chinese resident made out of things in his house  
Not good. “Apocalypse now.” I didn’t want to be right about it. But I’m on record on my NewsMax TV show that people don’t realize how bad this is. A worldwide pandemic has started. Chinese economy is ground zero.  …
Chinese farmers? Schiff has totally jumped the shark!
USA: How disgusting the Chinese, how are they going to drink bat soup? Also USA: ...
I'm wary about the term "Sinophobia." There's significant overlap in meaning: as criticism of the CCP and anti-Chinese racism. Bad actors are already exploiting it. There's no need to invent a new term for yet another ethnic/racial "vertical." The word "racism" would do.
Just think what the Chinese and Russians have been doing if these grifters and hanger-ons can so easily secretly record the president. This is no laughing matter. Trump's  is a matter of national security. There would be hearings if any other president.  …
#CHINA Picture of the day: Chinese building a SMALL WALL against the deadly #coronavirus in  country. Methods from the stone age 
Soooo according to the markets, more Chinese are going to die from starvation than the Corona virus? Am I reading this correctly?
Amazing news! More than 150 boxes of archives from Museum of Chinese in America have been saved. Thank you to @mocanyc @NYCDCAS @NYC_Buildings @FDNY @NYCulture and @NYCRecords for keeping this irreplaceable history safe for generations to  …
How bad the #CoronavirusOutbreak is in the eyes of Chinese officials: A Chinese county in Hunan is now isolating households. Officers are on shift 24/7 and will take down ID info of all those who go out.  …
My new article just out - on Vatican's dreadful China deal "If we do not stand by our Chinese brothers & sisters, we will find ourselves, & the Church, on the wrong side of history. As my experience shows, we will find our own freedoms threatened too"  …
REMINDER: It is likely that more lives were saved by the traffic ban (~5 per day*) than died from the #coronavirus in #Wuhan * Based on: Chinese traffic death rate: ~18 per 100.000 inhabitants Population of Wuhan: ~11 million Wuhan annual traffic deaths estimate: 2.000 
"The Chinese Communist Party presents the central threat of our times," @SecPompeo tells reporters in London in response to a question about the rise of #China
FIFTEEN MILLION TAXPAYER DOLLARS via the Defense Department and the National Institutes of Health wasn't enough for this Guy. He took 1.5 Million from the Chinese WITHOUT DECLARING IT as was required.
Using the #coronavirus to enact racism about Chinese food practices is misguided, especially if you understand western meat consumption. Info here: 
More people need to know/recognize the important work @MarkWarner has done in tech and his efforts in establishing protections against Russian and Chinese influence/interference. Great deep dive by @vermontgmg in  …
When you at the Chinese Buffet and you hear a cough from the kitchen 
I found a photo of my late grandma cooking Chinese food in 1995 and then realized I still have the exact spatula from that photo 
Did you know: As Joe Biden was directing policy towards Crimea & Ukraine, his brother, James, was receiving half a million dollar "loans" from prominent Ukrainian businessmen All while Biden's son was receiving billions from the Chinese Would Democrats call that collusion?
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo declared the Chinese Communist Party “the central threat of our times,” the strongest language he has used as the Trump administration seeks to convince American allies of the risks posed by using equipment from Huawei 
Chinese officials checking passengers for the #coronavirus flying from wuhan to the 
#Huawei is Chinese intelligence.  …
Face masks, chanting from the balcony and other ways Chinese people are passing the time while being stuck at home.  …
