One upside to the China virus is the #of Chinese students who study abroad in US. Vast majority spent the last month in China during the holiday break. Most have already returned to the US within the past week. Say goodbye Academics and administrators. This is your AIDS
Tesla’s recent 2020.4 OTA update to the Chinese market is starting to hit US cars too. Who’s got it?   
PSA- it’s Chinese New Year. Picking up my food...it’s crazy busy! Told them hold the bat soup! Happy Chinese New Year!
Starting a Chinese Mexican fusion restaurant called Wok-amole. Then after people eat there they can go to my hardware store for people with diarrhea. I’m calling it Lou’s Tools.
Chinese officials confirming more than 1,300 cases of #Coronavirus and 41 deaths. @CBSNewYork
when my chinese shop says the chicken used in my sweet and sour came fresh from china 
Happy Chinese New Year!! 
When you think you're morally superior because you're vegan and turn round to make  about cruelty being in Chinese people's blood. Nope. Just a racist piece of recycling. Except recycling is actually useful.  …
@lushcosmetics I ordered my friend a gift through your UK online store and included a gift message in Mandarin Chinese, and this is what she received. I love ur products very much, but this really hurt my heart. Maybe it's time to re-evaluate whom you include & exclude? 
How bad Chinese scientific fraud is: 100% cure rate of an active viral infection in any subject. *100%*. Then they just took that and went to the bank with it (strangely the original Ebola "epidemic" spontaneously ended right after Zmapp failed to prove efficacy in huemans).  …
If yesterday's mortality increase is sustained, the entire human population would overwhelmed in about six weeks, so expect some drastic attempts at quarantine, and consequences for the Chinese and global economy.  …
My parents, having their Chinese/Lunar New Year lunch from @howlinrays ! First time for them and they loved it! 
Making dumplings the way my mom did. Wait, she never wore a necklace. Happy Chinese New Year, everyone! 
新年快乐 Happy Chinese New Years! I have a really good feeling about what lies ahead let’s push forward to the unknown! portrait by the lovely 
Connection between one of the Chinese scientists who was kicked-out of the BSL-4 in keknada and the dead Australian: the use of Zmapp for Ebola (which in its one RCT for huemans didn't exactly...work, but hey there's always the next outbreak if you have the right "bats"). 
Chinese citizens in Guangzhou; “We don’t care. What’s there to be afraid of? We’ve got the government. With the government, we have nothing to fear.” “No masks! We are healthy. We trust the government!” 
The #TibetClimateCrisis and meltdown in Tibet is exacerbated and fueled by Chinese colonial occupation. Tibetan nomads have acted as stewards of the land for millennia. They are the rightful caretakers of the land.  …
-56 million people quarantined -Chinese internet blocks so we can’t see the reality of what is happening there -we’re being told it causes mild flu symptoms but the  through show people collapsing and bodies lining hospital hallways but don’t panic #CoronaOutbreak
If you want to get a feel what it's like for people in Wuhan and speak Chinese, check out "Luo Bin" on YouTube. His daily video diary is a vivid and  on life here under lockdown. 
The US government is arranging a charter flight to evacuate American diplomats and citizens from the Chinese city that has  ground zero for a new deadly strain of coronavirus, a US official said 
Thank you to all the gracious people who have assisted me, tried to help me navigate chinese apps, get me supplies, etc. though their were MANY rude people, the love my family has received is above and beyond. We finally feel we are not alone in this
Happy Lunar New Year! In Chinese Zodiac, the rat is associated with wealth and high fertility, and people born in the Year of the Rat are supposed to be optimistic and likable. 
So...the Chinese government is busy killing protestors in Hong Kong while the entire city of Wuhan is suffering from an outbreak of Coronavirus that may very well spread worldwide killing millions. Priorities, am I right?
#CoronaVirus is very serious but let’s remember over 2500 mainland Chinese die from #smoking related disease /every/ /DAY/. Ironic, given Hon Lik (of China) invented the modern #eCigarette which is best chance of curbing those deaths. #China #PublicHealthEmergency #Tobacco
Wow..full service dry cleaners....they gave me my clothes timely, a nice Chinese New Year calendar and a filter mask I’m set for the night
Can you imagine how much *worse* the situation would be for Taiwan and Hong Kong if they had not taken such robust passive-aggressive measures to repulse mainland Chinese visitors over the past year?  …
Am I too late for Chinese New Year ? Sorry I like female genderbend and now it’s Shion’s turn Muahahahaha... 
Happy Lunar New Year! Gwen of Pauli Murray College is ready for a Lion Dance in celebration of Chinese New Year⁣ Lunarfest is the Yale and New  celebration on February 8 ⁣ ⁣ @yalechina 
Coronavirus spreading around the world because the Chinese like to eat disgusting things like raw bats.
Cheers from the San Francisco Tesla Club. First meet up of #2020 - Happy Chinese New Year @Tesla @elonmusk 
My 3rd tweet today on developing pandemic. Why in God’s name hasn’t .⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ suspended all Chinese travel?? What could possibly take precedence?? Abdicating responsibity. ⁦ @CDCgov⁩ ⁦ @SecretaryCarson⁩ ⁦ @SecPompeo⁩  …
Coronavirus: suspected case in Vienna - Chinese woman affected  …
inb4 chinese international students start flexing balenciaga hazmat suits
What gets me is that the Chinese invented tofu and seitan centuries ago, and most likely cause of the growing number of Buddhist vegetarians as the religion spread
Typical citizen of a Communist Dictatorship, you DO NOT dare to criticize the Dictators or else. Besides, when I was in China in 2017, the Chinese guide told me th Chinese people CANNOT afford those masks with their salaries.
To all of our supporters celebrating Chinese New Year, we wish you a healthy and happy 2020! So far, 138,000 landmines and other explosives have been removed, but many remain hidden in the soil. As you celebrate today consider contributing to our work  
i ate some chinese food and now i’m nauseous and little dizzy 
I'll never forget being in the studio while she was working with Joe on his vocals for the remix.  … She was also eating Chinese food from a styrofoam container while standing up.  …
When you’re eating Chinese takeaway and you hear about the virus 
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program - Washington Times  …
Yes, I really hope people aren’t going out there being racist and blaming Chinese people for this. However, the consumption of bats and snakes has to stop. There have to be more standards for food safety in these markets. It’s not Chinese people, it’s the unsafe industry.
ppl really shitting on Chinese ppl for the coronavirus?? America has to recall lettuce for e-coli outbreaks like once a month lmao
What’s important is if you want to learn about China and know what’s happening there don’t trust CNN, BBC, or NYT—listen to actual Chinese voices and Chinese social media and Chinese news sources. Stuff that doesn’t need to fit a western editorial line. Seek truth from facts!
Why haven’t global governments banned Chinese inbound tourists? Because they didn’t have to. China already did that for them to make it less awkward.  …
With depressing predictability I have already received a furious DM about ‘Chinese people eating tigers’ because of this tweet. For clarity, Tiger Sugar tea is basically Malaysian Starbucks. It has stripes of sugar in the glass. Another one for the block list...  …
MY DAD TOOK MY PHONE TO LOOK AT THE CHINESE MENU AND MY DISCORD CALL SOUND WENT OFF, AND HE GOES “what the fuck is a family guy roleplay???”
Now that the coronavirus is in Toronto bare cut eye Chinese ppl dem a get
Australia Proud Independent Nation! With British Head of the State... Chinese run economy... and American led military. #StrayaDay
SPREAD THIS #coronavirus The Chinese authorities reported 15 new deaths in Wuhan, the center of a virus outbreak, including a medical professional in his 60s. At least fourteen people have been tested in the United Kingdom Here are its symptoms and prevention methods 
Happy Lunar New Year! In honor of the Year of the Rat, we've nerdified the traditional Chinese Zodiac. That makes this the Year of the Jedi in our Lunar Nerd Year. What sign are you? 
Ink Eyes Servant of the Oni Process, Chinese ink on rice paper mixed with digital painting. #MTGSecretLair 
Me practicing how I’m gonna hand out red envelopes for Chinese New Year 
Me when im working at the airport on the weekends and see a little chinese kid running towards me 
Anti-Chinese racism—sinophobia—has  the ‘acceptable’ form of racism, because of how western media (taking their cue from US foreign policy) has designated China as the no.1 rival so there is a systematic propaganda war to stigmatise, distort, and ‘other’ all things China.  …
Can US get by without Nigerian immigrants? Absolutely. But they can't do without Indian and Chinese immigrants, especially ones working in cutting edge fields in Silicon Valley.
18) I am not drawing any conclusions about how this deadly virus ended up in Wuhan China, but it does seem strange that Dr. Qiu worked at the NML and with Mabworks, travelled to China, and was caught handing over other deadly viruses to the Chinese. Coincidence? You can decide. 
15) It also talks about how Dr. Qiu, her husband and fellow scientist, Keding Cheng, and their team of Chinese students, were removed from the Level 4 facility on July 5th of 2019 in the midst of a police investigation into a "policy breach". 
12) This same National Post article explains how Dr. Qiu and her co-worker worked for Mabworks. They insist that they did nothing untoward by giving the Ebola vaccine over to the Chinese authorities.  …
10) This pdf document highlights the connection between the Chinese military and Mabworks. 
When you're eating at a Chinese restaurant and you hear someone coughing from the kitchen 
Happy Chinese New Year, Everyone! Am off to start it right with some Tiger Sugar tea here in Malaysia. Such a shame you can’t get that in the UK! 
Vintage Chinese for a change. 玫瑰玫瑰我愛你(1940) first recorded by Frankie Laine as “Rose Rose I love you” (1951), brought back to England by BBC broadcaster Wilfrid Thomas in 1951 after doing  in Malaya. #ChineseNewYear 
新年快乐! (Happy Chinese New Year!) I’m really sorry for the lack of edits on my feed , anyways I’m back with an edit! ** time taken: 3h tags: @nightbarbie @KateKa22 @OceanOrbsRBX rt and like will be appreciated 
When I see Chinese exchange students at uni on Monday 
United States is working to EVACUATE Americans out of the Chinese city #Wuhan China has now QUARANTINED 40 million people w/ 1,300 infected and is warning the nation is in a grave situation by the accelerating spread of virus that could KILL  …
HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR #ChineseNewYear #StreetFighter Jay 
Watch the Express train from #Nairobi to #Mombasa built on BOT for 10 years by the chinese Transformational policies some countries get Travel & See @NAkufoAddo @JDMahama @MBawumia @TheGHMediaGuru @ameyaw112 @thePOE_T  @browzaGH 
if I was there during the Chinese Coronavirus outbreak shit woulda gone down differently
This Would Have Required you to Meet Every Single Chinese Person in Order to Make this Sweeping Statement. SMH Just an FYI - A HUGE Number Of Chinese People are Vegan. And The #of Traditional Dishes that Are Vegan is also abundant.  …
Happy Chinese New Year!!! Year of the ! Starring 
Chinese president warns of "accelerating spread" of coronavirus and grave public health situation  
Happy new year to all my Chinese friends 
Brexiteers...I don't know about you, but when my son, a real expert in cyber security matters tells me.. don't by the Chinese Alexa controlled lightbulbs because of security issues...I certainly don't want Huawei 5G. Would they have a foreign system in china?...no.  …
Where no beauty exists I would create beauty. I shall create a planet And get it ready to collide with earth. --Lei Shuyan (Tr. fr Chinese by F. Dai, D. Ding & E. Morin)
Do you SERIOUSLY BELIEVE that the Communist Chinese government is "quarantining" over 40 MILLION people, in 15 cities (LARGEST QUARANTINE IN WORLD HISTORY!) because of just "41 deaths"?!?!?! I VERY HIGHLY doubt it!! The TRUTH  out!! Hopefully its SOON.. #CoronaOutbreak
Still nailing the glam pics in 2020! ⁣ Happy Chinese New Year!!! 
In the 1980s KGB planted the story HIV had been created by CIA. Now there are somewhat similar reports linking the deadly coronavirus to the Chinese "biowarfare program." I wonder if it is just media sensationalism or part of the US-China infowar? 
Happy Chinese New Year!! JGY still brings LXC home. Of course he can't leave him alone in the streets #XiYao #JinGuangYao #LanXichen #曦瑶 #蓝曦臣 
Happy Chinese New Year! Wishing you all excellent health, happiness, love, laughter, peace & prosperity today and always. Much love!! Simone #HappyChineseNewYear #YearoftheRat2020 
‘Should be learning German, Chinese etc’ instead of Irish is code for we teach our children to emigrate and don’t fix the faults that push them away
Laughing my ass off at westerners freaking out because Chinese people eat animals "with faces".
Wanted to revisit this aspect of I Wor Kuen, a Marxist-Leninist Chinese Diaspora org active during the 1970s. IWK's experience dealing with the liberal focus on asian american identity crisis politics in 1969 has always been relevant to this day in 2020.  
State of Emergency Declared In Hong Kong, People Start To Turn On Chinese Gov #Breaking #coronarovirus #news #HongKong #China #Health #Alert  …
Chilling with the Chinese exchange students and they just yelled this "有人咳嗽他". I am glad we are getting along
1497 Cases Worldwide; 42 Deaths: 3% official mortality rate (SARS was 11%) 18 Chinese cities - 56 million people - quarantined President Xi said China faces a 'grave situation' as the spread is 'accelerating' fun facts .. a low Mortality rate is worse than a high one
Happy Chinese New Year! : @Smile250 #cosplay 
Rats… This year's Chinese Lunar New Year Zodiac animal.. and a local delicacy in Mexico? See why and how they catch them. #ChineseNewYear2020  
When you’re getting jumped by a Chinese gang and one of them yells, “SOMEBODY COUGH ON HIM!” 
Unbelievable. A nightmare turning into a double nightmare. It is time for the world to stand up to the Chinese Communist Party regime and say enough is enough is enough.  …
The Chinese Xmen posters are art 
why am i just finding out that the chinese and korean versions of my i are having a conversation with each other  …
When the Chinese exchange student coughs whilst walking past you 
Nobody trusts Chinese economic data but everybody is now relying on their healthcare data... the medical field is going to learn this the hard way, the same way the  has had to
The DM reports that Sedwill is pushing for the Government to proceed with the Huawei deal in the face of Cabinet opposition. Chinese Government affirmations are not to be trusted and handing Huawei access to our 5G networks would be an appallingly naive and careless decision.
Happy #ChineseNewYear2020DYK: a Chinese belief is that Dragonflies are the embodiment of the soul of the dragon? Dragons being a symbol of happiness. They’re associated with prosperity,harmony & are considered a good luck charm in ChinaHave a happy Dragonfly filled year 
earth patch notes: + added gender neutral bathrooms + buffed women employment to majority status + invalidated every dog show where a Samoyed didn't win + incel gf resistance raised to 100% (up from 95) - started Chinese virus apocalypse event  …
White people are really making anti-Chinese jokes because of this outbreak as if their ancestors didn’t spread catastrophic diseases everywhere because they didn’t know how to bathe
"Lines have formed at hospitals and residents  that the traffic restrictions [imposed by the Chinese government] have made it nearly impossible to seek timely medical help" for the Wuhan coronavirus.  
Chinese New Year be like 
China has imprisoned more than one million Muslims in detention, so Allah Sheds a virus that has not been discovered yet. It has isolated 4 cities with a population of more than 20 million Chinese. "And unaware of what they going to do." indeed he sees everything and all knowing 
I really appreciate Chinese New Year cause if you’ve already broken your January 1st resolutions you have the chance to say to yourself “Actually I meant that starting on January 25th”
In many Chinese markets, live animals mix with butchered meat and other produce, creating a virtual incubator for new diseases like the coronavirus now sweeping the country 
Tiger Chen & Keanu Reeves have a message for you all, from #SanFrancisco - Jan 25 2020 Thanks to @tigerchenhu : "Happy Chinese New Year 武汉加油"  … #ChineseNewYear2020 #ChineseNewYear #TigerChen #KeanuReeves #thematrix4  
"Speed matters during an outbreak, and tight-lipped Chinese officials do not have a good track record of sharing information about diseases, air pollution, or natural disasters."   …
85,000 pieces from New York’s Museum of Chinese in America destroyed in devastating fire that swept through the repository for the museum in Chinatown. It destroyed 100% of the museum’s collection just days before Lunar New Year celebrations  …
Happy Chinese New Year!!! Rat says to stay safe and hope for a prosperous future!!! 
u telling me Chinese ppl getting sick from beer ? dawg this is a whole other level of being able a lightweight 
Scientists are unraveling the Chinese coronavirus with unprecedented speed and openness 
Those are literally firworks. It’s Chinese New Year today and they love fireworks about a thousand times more than Americans do on the 4th of July. Yes this is serious and scary, but stop fear mongering. There are NO reports of people being shot in the streets.
happy chinese new year from your fav 33% chinese DJ
No link with seafood market in first case of #ChinaCoronaVirus  … di @scmpnews @GlobalCRL :urgent clarification needed from Chinese Authorities about safety and security procedures in #Wuhan R§D Labs . @joshuawongcf @demosisto @WHO
japanese ppl celebrate the new year on jan 1st, chinese ppl on lunar new year, which means I, half and half, am suspended, ageless, in the tesseract
Chinese government : STOP yulin festival! - Sign the Petition!  via @Change
When your Uni lecturer tries to partner you up with a Chinese international student 
@hamzashafqaat me and friends were threatened with life at Beverley Center Islamabad, by a gang of Chinese nationals that showed up in Vigos, matter has been filed at Kohsar Police Station, now i am worried that they will use ¥¥ to get out before legal process starts.Pls help 
When I see a Chinese looking International Student cough and he’s close to me  …
Asian diner calmly dipping a baby mouse in a bowl of sauce before eating it alive as part of Chinese delicacy known as 'Three Squeaks' Can't say what I think Not allowed to say what I think So Sure hope they contain the killer coronavirus I hear it could kill millions~ 
We got to join our friends in the Chinese New Year parade today! 
Interfax: 7 Chinese tourists with high fever have been hospitalized in Moscow. They were staying at a hotel in the capital and other guests are also being tested.
Chinese Social Media Depicts Chaos “After a day of work, we are on the verge of a mental breakdown,” she said, telling others to “never trust the government.” A nurse and a dozen Drs saw more than 100 patients that day, but they “had no supplies at all.”  …
Iconic buildings across #Liverpool are lighting up red this weekend to celebrate Chinese New Year! #ChineseNewYear 
My step family is Vietnamese & Chinese. Way to stereo type an entire group pf people. Many are Buddhists, and are vegetarians & vegans. You're despicable.
I have Vietnamese & Chinese family. They're Buddhist & my step Granpa was vegan before he died, I never saw him eat meat. This is super racist. A lot of Asian people are veg or vegan, many are Buddhists. This is the epitome of racism & stereotyping.  …
#Uyghur activist @AbdugheniSabit demands the Chinese government to release information about his family. He hasn’t been able to contact his 5 siblings and children for over 12 years. Where are they? In concentration camps? Are they dead?! #China #Uyghurs 
Lunar New Year is a joyous time, but a terrible thing has happened: the Museum for Chinese in America was devastated by a fire this week. ⁦ @mocanyc⁩ is a beloved NY Chinatown institution, and where we shot a funeral scene for #SVU21 Ep 7. Give here: 
Your Bonus #SaturdayMotivation #BenGarrisonCartoon Chinese Take Out- This wasn't part of the trade deal! #ChinaVirus Read the post at  
Meanwhile in Downtown Las Vegas, Surrogates Director @MichelleWKwan is at the Las Vegas Chinese New Year in the Desert Festival Parade and has a special message for all those celebrating 
Stop asking me about my eyes. I’m half Chinese.
Well that is a wrap for this orca in St. Louis! Thanks @LouieSTLBlues for being a great host...even without pants! Headed back to Vancouver for the Chinese New Year Parade tomorrow morning! Happy 
Tragic Steve hid in beans from Chinese death plague. Only in Sunday Sport on Sunday 
It is believed that the origin of the Chinese coronavirus was from a Chinese wet market that sells food in open stalls, along with live animals...no refrigeration or sanitation..these are standard in China..  …
#coronarovirus Chinese doctor in the city of Wuhan in tears announcing that there are too many cases of sick people. 
Chinese hospital worker in Wuhan broadcasts desperate plea, says facilities overrun, government lying, patients panicking, 90,000 infected.  …
Happy Chinese New Year  
Happy Chinese New Year! ⠀ The WOW Infinity “CNY” is a China-exclusive release, inspired by traditional art found in ancient grottos. We celebrate the Year of the Rat through these design motifs. 
Love how the biggest holiday in Chinese culture  centered around getting money, love that for us
I love that American guy on YouTube that surprises Chinese people by speaking Chinese to them, it's like someone from  to Dublin and speaking English
I demand #Chinese gov to release info about my family. I haven’t been able to contact my 5 siblings and children for over 12 years. Where are they? Dead? In concentration camps? My siblings worked for the Chinese gov over 30 years as loyal citizens. Where are they? 
Respect to all the Chinese doctors doing their best to treat this devastation of a disease today instead of being home celebrating the Chinese New Year with their families
The Chinese will eat anything. Won’t they. 
A report finds that the domestic Chinese equivalent of TikTok, Douyin, systematically censors posts with Uyghur script, Uyghur language, and footage that deviates from Beijing's portrayals of the region. Footage now closely mirrors the propaganda mandate.  …
Me when I see a Chinese coughin on the train 
Lunar New Year is the happiest time in the year for Chinese people. It’s truly heartbreaking that families can’t be together right now because of the coronavirus... Meanwhile, America is using this time to spew racist bullsh*t.
When you get a runny nose the day after eating Chinese takeaway 
what u do if you’re getting jumped by a bunch of Chinese niggas and one of em says “someone cough on him”
Clot is giving away an exclusive "Chinese New Year" Air Jordan 1 Mid.  
"My rookie year, I came in and he got a hold of my phone and changed [the language] to Chinese." 'So, what's your best Eli Manning story?' Those close to #NYGiants legendary QB tell us  … via @northjersey @TheRecordSports 
#ChineseNewYear | We are loving seeing all the city showing its support for our  in the region by turning their lights red - we hope we can look forward to seeing you tomorrow at our celebrations 
Perhaps revealing some naiveté, I'm surprised at the level of vitriol towards Chinese people I'm seeing in  sections of stories about the Wuhan coronavirus. And I mean towards the people, not the government. Disheartening.
Happy Chinese New Year 
Chinese doctors reporting 100000 cases which is much higher than the reported 1400 of the Chinese government. 
BEST RED ENVELOPE I HAVE EVER RECEIVED ♡♡♡♡ THANK YOU @ochentiocho and @kobacake!!! For starting my new year right with G'rahas! Happy Chinese New Year/Lunar New Year everyone!!! 
Happy Lunar New Year! Here’s one more from the Chinese Glamour Shots series. Y’all keep electing me, y’all keep getting these 
Three Chinese doctors are confirmed infected with the new #coronavirus in Beijing. Two of them went to #Wuhan for business. All of them and people had close contacts with them are in 
Happy Chinese New Year, my New Years sucked so I’m choosing to go with this one now
happy chinese new year 
Chinese doctor in the city of Wuhan in tears announcing that there are too many cases of sick people. 
Tumbleweed after hearing a Chinese guy sneeze close by... 
Happy Chinese New Year to everyone celebrating around the world. Wishing everyone a prosperous #YearOfTheRat.
Happy Chinese New Year from Yi and Everest! #AbominableMovie 
Hot diggity dog! Have you tried the Mickey Chinese Hot Dog Bun from Prosperity Bao & Buns yet? 
Religious Persecution Happens—Who Tore Her Family Apart? Chinese Christians are being hunted due to their belief. Some of their homes fall apart. Read now. See how she relies on God and bears witness in persecution and adversity. #persecution #faith  …
Rat (Chinese Zodiac). No birthday. "Ambitious yet honest Prone to spend freely Seldom makes lasting friendships Marry a dragon or monkey Avoid horses ! Born in 1936 1948 1960 1972 1984 1996" 
Happy Chinese New Year! It's the Year of the Rat, which is very fortunate for us as Tetris was born in 1984... the Year of the Rat! What's YOUR Chinese zodiac sign? 
French automaker PSA Group says it plans to evacuate its expatriate employees and their families from Wuhan, the locked-down Chinese city that is the epicenter of a deadly virus outbreak. 
my cousin’s friend works at a hospital in wuhan and said she hasnt been able to rest for over a week and that ppl are collapsing in the street and dying in hospital hallways due to the influx of patients... its very sad and the lack of empathy for chinese ppl due to sinophobia
A 62-year-old Chinese doctor in Wuhan 'at the front line' of the coronavirus outbreak has died after treating patients  …
Chinese films 5 seconds after the movie started: you killed my father 100 years ago today you die.... Then you'll begin to hear: Haiyaaaaaa dishhhh dishhhh, this guys are soo funny I swear, but i love chainese films. 
Wishing everyone a Happy Lunar New Year! Thank you to the Calgary Chinese Cultural Centre and Calgary’s Chinatown &  for hosting such a fun celebration! #yyc #calgary #alberta #ableg #chinatown #chinesenewyear #rat  – at Calgary Chinese Cultural Centre
Happy Chinese New Year from the Rats of N.I.M.H #yearoftherat Animation cels of Nicodemus, Justin, Jenner & guard of the rose bush 
Chinese New Year celebrations are underway at the Calgary Chinese Cultural Centre. #YearoftheRat2020 @calgaryherald 
There is a desease in China. The Chinese are hurt and scared. China has never started a war and no Chinese has hurt an American (the opposite is not true). In lieu of condolences and fund raising I see only hatred, satisfaction and irony. Why do Americans hate the Chinese?
Hey @mrbenjaminlaw, I just donated all the money I received in red packets for Chinese New Year to  Do you think we can encourage other Asian Australians to donate in solidarity with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Peoples? #PayTheRent #invasionDay
Chinese president warns of "accelerating spread" of coronavirus and grave public health situation  
When the constantly lying Chinese leadership says something like this, you can be sure it’s way worse than they admit.  …
A clip by #PSHK clearly shows #HongKong #Police are lying - no, cops didn’t action coz ppl were barricading roads / “rioting”. Rather they threw tear gas at civilians, w/o warning, when ppl were just enjoying street food on the 1st day of Chinese New Year. 
Worse yet, I've traveled to countries with official languages. Italians don't demand you speak Italian. Chinese people don't scream at you for not speaking mandarin. With few exceptions, this largely a White American thing.
As I gather with friends and family for Lunar New Year, we are distraught and frantically trying to find 3M masks (sold out in China) to mail our families in China. I am disgusted by Westerners' lack of empathy in favor for sinophobia against Chinese people during this tragedy. 
#Coronavirus has now killed at least 42 in #China with #travel restrictions in place for 16 Chinese cities! 1300 cases reported as China's government sends in hundreds of doctors to #Wuhan Meantime #lunarnewyear celebrations cancelled & US has 2 confirmed cases. Covered from 
The Davos consensus is to align with Chinese autocrats over America.  …
Chinese niggas when their friend coughs on them: #coronarovirus 
Wishing a Happy Chinese New Year to all our friends and fans in ! 春节快乐 
Interesting, listen to this clip. It's a Chinese nurse in #Wuhan talking about the #coronavirus. She says you can't trust the Chinese government, it's much worse than the media is reporting. The gov. have let people down & provided no supplies to help. "People are on their own."  …
When you’re ordering from a Chinese shop and suddenly hear a chesty cough round the back: 
Today is the beginning of the Chinese New Year. Happy Year of the Pig, Jerrold Nadler!
China and Cuba are not only celebrating Chinese New Year but also 60 years of diplomacy, with food, music and dance. #ChineseNewYear2020  
I wish the  in Glasgow and across the world a happy and prosperous Lunar New Year. I really enjoyed building a close friendship with Glasgow's vibrant  in Possilpark whilst I was the MP. 春节快乐 #YearoftheRat ⁠⁠ #ChineseNewYear 
Why WHO didn't declare an emergency? Why they said that #China acted with full transparency & timely? Why they follow the #Chinese narrative? Because Xi's wife, Peng Liyuan works as a WHO goodwill ambassador Being awarded as a WHO goodwill ambassador  
Watch the @rmbaloncesto stars test their Chinese skills in our #ChineseNewYear shirt challenge!  …
Yesterday my son told me he was so happy to be part Vietnamese and Chinese. Today he folded some of my clothes because as he said “we need to clean up for New Years”. Now he wants to make paper dragons. My is full today! Happy #LunarNewYear, wishing you all a prosperous year!
Happy Chinese New Year! Variety of celebrations held in Costa Mesa, the United States to share festival joy and delight 
Happy Chinese New Year! It really is the Year of The Mouse. 
Taiwan will be sending all 6000+ Chinese tourists back to China by end of Jan to prevent #coronavirus from further spreading to the Taiwanese Carrie Lam, take  …
A 62-year-old Chinese doctor in Wuhan 'at the front line' of the coronavirus outbreak has died after treating patients  …
Chinese border officials allowing the chinese into other countries 
There is a Chinese virus out there infecting people and can  a serious threat. And the surprising thing is that it is not Tik Tok.
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program - Washington Times #CoronavirusOutbreak #coro  …
chinese organic hit bby
IM SCREAMING MY DAD TOLD ME THAT MY LUCK WILL BE BAD THIS YEAR SINCE IM YEAR OF THE HORSE AND TODAY'S THE FIRST DAY OF THE CHINESE YEAR. I'VE HAD MY CEILING LEAK, BROKE MY SHOWER AND WATER SPRAYED OUT OF THE WALLS, AND MY CLOSET DOOR FELL OFF AND COLLAPSED ON ME ASKKSDIJSJDKSKSK
Some Syrians and their Chinese friends gathered at a Chinese restaurant in Damascus on the eve of the Chinese new year to celebrate the traditional Chinese festival  
Just right for Chinese New Year. 
Breaking: Chinese government hires Theranos for blood tests Now says there are zero confirmed cases of Corona Virus Well played, XI #china #coronarvirus #pandemic @OpenOutcrier @DiMartinoBooth @GaryKaltbaum
My friends, Paul and Sarah, are holding a joint party for Chinese New Year and Burns Night, calling it Chinese-Burns Night. He isn’t keen but she twisted his arm.
Chinese authorities sent hundreds of doctors to the crisis epicenter in Wuhan and are set to repurpose 24 hospitals in a bid to contain the epidemic, which has killed at least 42 people and infected more than 1,300 others 
Happy Chinese New Year! Here’s my prestige firecracker Vayne cosplay 
my parents got this dope shirt that's perfect for the Chinese New Year and the #toonmechallenge 
Chinese New Year is here, and with  the Year of the Rat! If you're a big fan of the Bilge Rats or just love the cute little rodents themselves, why not celebrate with a special Sea of Thieves T-shirt?  
HAPPY NEW YEAR 新年快乐! I’ll be at work, but live up the Chinese/Lunar New Year for me - Get dumplings , eat moon cake, find a red envelope to give, watch a lion dance, wear RED, go to a local celebration, learn how to say something in Chinese! 
Happy Chinese New Year! Xin nian kuai le! Happy Lunar New Year! May you be blessed with love, true happiness, and real prosperity. #ChineseNewYear #LunarNewYear #YearoftheRat
Coronavirus - A Chinese woman was filmed eating a bat after all the warnings that bats are among the carriers of the coronavirus epidemic Is it too much to ask to STOP eating friggin' BATS??? Or mice or snakes? SRSLY?  …
Jan 25, National #Maritime Museum in #London hosted a series of Chinese Spring Festival activities with songs and dances brought by local  and the Guizhou Song and Dance Ensemble. Check out the celebration – there is more than just lion dances. 
#TeamPete at the Chinese New Year Parade! Wishing all who celebrate a Happy and Prosperous New Year!!! 
It never ceases to amaze me how quickly these tired, racist tropes about "dirty" Chinese surface when there's an opportunity. As @InitialVW notes, this is a time for empathy, not xenophobia. I  …
Venezuelans : Chinese people eats bizarre stuff Also Venezuelans : Eats Iguanas, Aligators, Armadillos, Snakes, Tortoise, Moriche’s worm, Giant ant’s booty, Chiguires etc...
^ #Zakharova spent part of her childhood in #Beijing and speaks fluent Chinese as well as English. The two most important diplomatic languages for Russia - that of our ally and our adversary.
Happy #LunarNewYear to my Chinese friends and constituents celebrating. Wishing everyone prosperity and joy in the #YearoftheRat. I feel so grateful for the  contributions to #NY09.
I hope everyone who has been nice to me has a lucky year with clear skin and success and everyone who was mean to me gets lots of pimples everywhere even on their bumbum. happy chinese new year everyone
got a happy chinese new year text from @sanholobeats and instantly became more vibrant. 84% blessed right now people!!!
Today, Canadians of Chinese, Hong Kong, Vietnamese, Korean, Japanese and Taiwanese heritage will celebrate the beginning of the Lunar New Year. On behalf of Canada’s Conservatives and from my family to yours, Happy Lunar New Year! Read my statement here:  
Craig David did pretty much nothing apart from shag in 7 days. The Chinese will build a new hospital in 6. Don't be like Craig David...
Happy Chinese New Year @dianxialovesyou !!! Please accept my humble offering 
Kingdom of Remnant: Atlas Happy Chinese New Year! #RWBY ---  
...Many Chinese see any Western criticism of government of China as a violation of their civil rights, with civil rights being understood in the Current Year mode as meaning all nonwhites have right to never have to put up with any impertinence from whites  …
Off to a joint chinese new year and Burns night. Its a chinese burns night.Wisnae keen at first but they twisted my arm.
Happy Chinese New Year!!! The year of the rat will be a year of renewal. A chance to turn “unfortunate events turning into fortunate events”. A “turning the fates” candle magic spell will be up on Patreon later today!!! Join here  
We would like to wish the  and everyone celebrating in Tower Hamlets a very happy Chinese New Year! 
I’ve seen so many people tweet some subtly racist shit about China and/or Chinese people because of the coronavirus ordeal and ugly
New video! We're going inside the virtually unknown industrial markets where all the Chinese factories do their shopping. Some of my favorite places to look for strange parts! Go watch:  
Upwards Of 300,000 Chinese Will Contract Coronavirus In Next 10 Days, Researcher Predicts  …
Chinese airport security  …
Chinese Foot Binding 
Which reminds me ... My friends are holding a joint party for Chinese New Year & Burns Night called Chinese-Burns Night. He wasn't keen but she twisted his arm.
If you feel sorry for those touched by the koronavirus, just think about those hundreds of thousands who are locked and often tortured in the Chinese concentration camps.
Wow. There is some really nasty anti-Chinese racism on here at the moment. WTF?!
We’re eating haggis* for Chinese New Year. Have we got this wrong? *Why is there no emoji for haggis? #BurnsNight2020
The West's desire to see Chinese people dead is really palpable in how Westerners were donating millions to save fucking koalas in Australia yet are radio silent as Chinese people die (except when they eagerly use this tragedy to call China's herculean efforts authoritarianism).
Beef short rib post sear and pre 5 hours low and slow braise in home made Chinese five spice, stock, soy and honey. No damn filter needed here! 
So six months ago a Chinese scientist who specialized in corona virus was caught sending pathogens from a Canadian lab to the Wuhan lab. Pure coincidence.  …
PSA: in the Chinese culture they are not allowed to clean for the next 3 days starting their new year. Please also respect this by not cleaning up after any firecrackers/ streamers/ celebration debris etc. These things symbolize the good luck & fortune for the new year
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program Virology institute there has China's only secure lab for studying deadly viruse  …
Shoppers wearing surgical masks lined up for groceries at a supermarket in Wuhan as residents were told not to leave the Chinese city at the center of the deadly coronavirus outbreak.  
Chinese President Xi is ordering an urgent response to the rapidly-spreading #coronavirus to prevent further 
Black women cape so hard for chinese ppl until they get racially profiled in the bodega on Chinatown  …
Wishing everyone around the world a Happy Chinese New Year And my prayers go out to all the people affected with the issues surrounding the #coronavirus. #staysafe #wuhanvirus #PRC #ChineseNewYear #LunarNewYear 
Table at Chinese New Year event in Falls Church Va. #Phase4 
Chinese Government Forces TV Host Who Popularized Eating Bats to Apologize -  …
To celebrate Chinese New Year, anyone who purchases my Daruma print from my store this weekend will also receive a free Tenko sticker!  
I’m seeing Chinese diaspora spread fake news and anti-Chinese memes like the racist insults I heard when SARS broke out as a kid and  disappointing to see the disconnect to the plight of our people and the self-hate.
ok the fuck? there's a chinese guy in my class and he sent a message in the gc saying that after he came back from china after christmas he started feeling sick and he alerted our university about this and he's like "could be the virus or could be the flu lol" IT'S NOT FUNNY KAI
This Is Extremely Heartbreaking.. From A Nurse In Wuhan, Working At A Hospital. Please Pray..Pray..Pray..For The Innocent Chinese & That This Scourge Is Somehow Stopped From Claiming Victims In America.  …
Military historian Jose Antonio Custodio weighs in on the possible termination of the Visiting Forces Agreement bet. PH & U.S. One pt he raised: the VFA came about bec of the encroachment of the Chinese on Mischief Reef in the 90s. 
Happy Chinese New Year!Hope you all have a fabulous fortune, fun and food filled 2020 - year of the rat! #cny 
The US government is arranging a charter flight to evacuate diplomats from the Chinese city that has  ground zero for a new deadly strain of coronavirus, a US official said 
Happy Chinese New Year! Who remembers the name of this rat like creature from Outernauts? 
Both my Chinese and Vietnamese backgrounds are represented in this illustration via hóngbāo (red envelope in Chinese), the food on the table being Vietnamese (which we always have during Lunar New Year): papaya salad, Chả Giò, and of course Bánh chưng. 
The genome sequence of the #WuhanCoronavirus has been posted by Chinese researchers. #openscience  
it is chinese new Year,hapy birthday china
Happy Chinese New Year, everybody! :) 
When I went to the bar, I asked the Chinese bartender for a Corona and this mfer started coughing on me???
Happy Chinese New Year! We celebrate the Year of the Rat!
元記事 U.S. Working to Evacuate American Citizens From Epidemic-Stricken Chinese City - WSJ  …
About to drop a new video. Help me pick a title! A. Inside a Chinese Industrial Market B. Where the Factories Shop - Chinese Industrial Markets! C. Inside my Favorite Chinese Industrial Markets! D. Inside the Unknown Chinese Industrial Markets! (or suggest one of your own)
Chinese doctor in the city of Wuhan in tears announcing that there are too many cases of sick people. #China 
#Wuhan crying out for General Secretary Xi’s help There is only one problem General Secretary Xi is very busy with Chinese New Year celebration #WuhanCoronovirus #WuhanOutbreak #WuhanPneumonia 
Interesting details on what DNA detectives know about Chinese coronavirus: It probably circulates harmlessly among bats, jumped to another animal, mutated, then jumped to a single human, probably in November.  
Today is Chinese New Year. I tried to draw something happy for it but it felt too forced and after a few failed attempts, I realized it’s because it’s hard to feel happy when I miss my family. My grandparents raised me when my parents weren’t present. 
Anyways Atilo Atide Saw Sugar rush movie, ate a Chinese dish and played some games 
morning. its chinese fucking new year. lucky to have culture, lucky to have all my family around me, lucky to be able to enjoy all these flavors of food, time to get my bag. and if one of y’all want to be pretend GF for the day and you too will get your bag.
Bro! You have contracted Chinese cringe aids! You are GAY and dying! 
SARS. Now #Coronavirus. The latest #CoronaOutbreak started in a filthy Chinese fish market. These viruses all have animal origins. China needs to sort itself out on the food hygiene front. Not torturing and eating endangered and unsafe animals would be a good start. 
Turns out Chinese authorities misled us about the early stages of the #CoronaOutbreak. Turns out it’s been equally affecting previously healthy individuals.  …
Muslims on twitter trying to justify the death of innocent Chinese citizen's using random Qur'an verses is not right. The random citizens aren't responsible for the death of the ughyur Muslims you know? the punishment is from Allah but stop acting like you know the reasons.
Happy #ChineseNewYear! Chinese legend has it that the butterfly symbolises an undying bond between lovers and signifies a happy social life. Photo: Chinese Peacock (Papilio bianor) by Ting Cheng 
why u niggas excited for the chinese new year? its been the year of the rat for u since 7th grade
Happy Lunar New year to all Hunters! The perfect weapon to use during the Holiday is Hunt's newest weapon skin: Blood Orchid is a revered blade, in the traditional Chinese Dao style, ornamented with a flowing red sash that brings luck to the wielder. 
Kev_Kraphic hid the Chinese characters of #HongKongProtest slogans in this cleverly designed set of Chinese New Year greetings. Can you identify them? 
This weekend Wirral is lit up red to celebrate Chinese New Year! Wishing all our followers a happy weekend however you’re celebrating 新年快乐 
When the Chinese kid in class sneezes 
Disney has released a few custom posters for Chinese New Year for their animated films including Onward, Soul, and Raya and the Last Dragon. These posters are so gorgeously made. 
If we are supposed to wish friends and family wealth and fortune for chinese new year can we also wish poverty for our enemies?
Happy Chinese New Year! Parade in Chinatown, ~1936.  #YearoftheRat 
I'm late but happy chinese new year! have a quick doodle of Emilie 
when you're getting jumped by a bunch of Chinese exchange students and one of them says " 對他打噴嚏 " 
Happy Chinese New Year a todos! Make some big money this year! 
Chinese propoganda machine in full swing.
Special edition National Chinese Soviet Republic + United Baltic Duchy = United Chinese Soviet Republic: 
Happy Chinese New Year! Officer Cadet Kyle Chan of Glasgow University Officer training Corps wishes everyone in the @BritishArmy warmest regards from Scotland 
I well wanna order a Chinese but don’t wanna get that virus
恭喜發財! 新年快樂! Happy Chinese New Year to all from my family to yours. Wishing you good health and prosperity in the Year of the Rat! 
Show Lo: I heard that it only took her (Suzy) about 2 hours to finish the recording; after letting my friends listen to the song, they didn’t even know it’s a korean singer who’s singing it, they thought that she was a chinese singer. [cont] 
Mostafa Sarabi Tehran, Iran #EyaMostafaSarabi Happy New Year, Chinese year of the rat 25Jan 2020 
Another Chinese tradition we celebrate at New Year's is a family reunion dinner! What's on your menu this year? 
Wow saw this dog In my nail salon the dog understands Chinese language, can’t understand English wow look how cute the dog is . He is only 8 months old. He was looking so sad, so I asked, owner said his mum is not here with him today hence he looking sad awwww 
Happy #LunarNewYear from #PrincetonU. Can you spot the rat in the “Circle of Animals/Zodiac Heads” created by contemporary Chinese artist Ai Weiwei? More from @PUArtMuseum:  #YearoftheRat 
Together with the brave Chinese people and our brother, Pres. Xi Jinping, we celebrate the arrival of the Chinese New Year. I hope that this  with much happiness and joy. From Venezuela, we will continue to strengthen the ties of [...] 
John Searle, of Chinese Room and systematic sexual harassment fame, wrote an article in the 90s defending the "Western rationalistic tradition" from postmodernism! The latter undermines notions of quality and attacks the correspondence theory of truth!...  …
. @marcorubio and @SenRickScott warn against Chinese spies stealing "U.S. research and intellectual property," after the @FBI warns of 
I graduated in 1980 with a degree in Mandarin Chinese... Her head would have exploded if she had ever encountered me and my friends... We spoke almost exclusively in Mandarin just for practice.
FYI, it is a bowl of curry fishballs. 4 years ago, violence broke out because localist protesters scuffled with the police as they were trying to clear a crowd of food hawkers in Mong Kok on the 1st day of the 2016 Chinese New Year. And  the name “Fishball Revolution”. 
Oh, you mean the one that was cut from the international box office to appease the Chinese market? The one that’s not between any of the two main same sex protagonists but between two meh side characters pushed to the background? That kiss? 
You can make this easy Chinese #sauce in less than 10 minutes at home The Best #Szechuan Sauce Get the Recipe  
There are two types of  
happy chinese new year 
Happy Chinese New Year! We wish you good luck in the Year of the Golden Rat! 
Today is the beginning of the Lunar New Year or Chinese New Year as it's also known as. This year is the year of the rat. 
 to your mind when you think of Chinese new year? Here's why you should enjoy the decorations and dragon dances but without the sky lanterns Join our campaign to end the release of sky lanterns for good  
Virus-hit Wuhan - two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program.  …
As an American diplomat, I was proud to point out to Russians, Chinese+other authoritarians our true power—Freedom of the Press and Speech. It is wrong for Secretary Pompeo to castigate the American press. And grossly unfair to attack the supremely smart+ethical  …
新年快樂！ To all my Chinese/Taiwanese Twitter friends!
After seeing some of the horrible stomach churning videos of Chinese food. I’m only surprised they don’t actually eat each other.
Happy Chinese New Year! 2020 is the #YearOfTheRat, and spotted lowland paca Pepperoncini, as a fellow rodent, definitely approves. 
Today marks the Chinese New Year, with 2020 being the Year of the Rat! To celebrate, we've captured a glimpse of #Chicago, Illinois. While the city has reduced its rat population by roughly 20 percent since 2017, it still reigns as America's "Rat 
Me when they bring the eight treasure glutinous rice out for Chinese New Year 
Coronavirus Inside the Chinese lab poised to study world's most dangerous pathogens : Nature News & Comment  
The U.S. is planning to evacuate Americans from the Chinese city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak, says a person familiar with the matter 
Ppl need to educate themselves on this because it’s reached a 2nd + 3rd mutation which means now one infected person can infect like 14 people and there’s thousands of unofficially reported cases in China alone. Videos from Chinese doctors saying it’s worse than they thought
Severely underutilized condiments: - maple syrup - salsa - the blood of my enemies - spicy chinese mustard they only have in Massachusetts for reasons I don’t understand - horseradish
Happy Chinese New Year everyone I’m missing home from cold NYC & dreaming about eating all the goodies back home but especially having time to share with family. Hope you’re enjoying this time with your loved ones & having a nice rest too. May the rat year be good for all! 
Happy Chinese New Year! Here’s a pic my mom sent me from when I was 17 LMAO 
Happy Chinese New Year! Go get that bag 
I can appreciate how serious the Chinese government approaches the threat of a new virus even though it appears less deadly than the seasonal flu.  …
I seen this on Instagram and it just goes to show how easily influenced Muslims are. If you believe that Allah swt will punish 20+ million Chinese people because of the actions of THEIR GOVERNMENT, then idk what to say. Allah gave you a brain, use it. 
If the virus will reach here in the Philippines, we will be in shut down. sa jeep palang daan, sa dalan, dali ra kaayu ni mu kalat. Medical facilities? not enough.I've heard about the news about a number of Chinese nationals are sort of evacuating here I FEAR MY FELLOW FILIPINO.  …
Charli wishing Chinese angels a Happy New Year #YearoftheRat 
As it's Burns Night and Chinese New Year, I was going to avoid calling it Chinese Burns Night, but someone twisted my arm.
today was great, i preformed my chinese song, everyone liked it and they asked to take pictures with me, felt popular for a second there (btw shakle ma bye2ta3 pls dont judge xx) 
Happy Chinese/Lunar New Year to All. May good luck, health and wealth visit everyone in this Year of the Metal Rat! 
Happy Chinese New Year So winner gave us Ang Pao haha น้องยูนแจกอั่งเปาคูมแม่ฮะ #강승윤 #위너 #WINNERCROSSTOURINManila 
Just a little ratty doodle to celebrate Chinese New Year, the year of the rat Have a lovely Saturday friends! #ChineseNewYear #YearoftheRat 
Wishing all of our amazing fans in China a Happy Chinese New Year! We can’t wait to see you again after many incredible visits in 2019. 
Conspiracy theories are proliferating as fast as the #WuhanCoronavirus is, but does this 2015 video provide a coincidental yet alarming context given this report: 'Virus-hit #Wuhan has two labs linked to Chinese bio-warfare program'  … #CoronavirusOutbreak  
This rapidly spreading post is dis-information. A Chinese couple was removed from jobs in July. But no proof & no charges as to being spies, nor removing pathogens to Wuhan or anywhere else. Link:  … Update:  
Chinese are rallying together to build a 1000 bed hospital in 6 days in Wuhan, China. That's a engineering feat. They have previously set records building 57 story skyscraper in 19 days, a train station in 24 hrs, and a bridge in 48hrs. #Wuhan 
Happy Chinese New Year 4718! Year of The Rat. 
“Gong Hei Fat Choi” / Happy Chinese New Year to everyone!! Wishing the very best in health, happiness & prosperity!! #GongHeiFatChoy #ChineseNewYear #LunarNewYear2020 #YearoftheRat #Health #Happiness 
Chinese Government Forces TV Host Who Popularized Eating Bats to Apologize  …
Senator Feinberg’s driver for over a decade turns out to be Chinese spy too . Clueless elderly @JoeBiden still telling everybody the Chinese are our friends . Joe’s mind is gonzo
Happy Chinese New Year! Tip: If you receive a red envelope today, it is proper to accept it with both hands.
Corona virus in China, MOCA on fire. All around this new year. Sending lots of love to the Chinese diaspora.
Oh no. This is horrifying—this represents a collective thousands of years of documents and irreplaceable artifacts of Chinese American history in New York. It was a small, packed space. And the Chen Dance Center and a senior center were on lower floors.  …
Obviously the Chinese government released the "info" that the first patient went to the seafood market to cover up this. I hope that people can remember: the CCP doesn't tell the truth, ever!!!
I love karma: Origin of the Chinese coronavirus: "Poorly regulated live-animal markets mixed with illegal wildlife trade offer a unique opportunity for viruses to spill over from wildlife hosts into the human population." 
It's really sad in Hong Kong on #ChineseNewYear day Carrie Lam as usual denied taking immediate action on #ChinaPneumonia . Infected #Wuhan or Chinese people are escaping to HK. Gov't refuses to block the border. #HKPoliceTerrorists fired tear gas at Mongkok. Sick bastards! 
Xian nian kuai le!!!!! Happy Chinese New Year!!! I hope y’all get a fat red envelope!! Year of the rat!!!!! :D 
Happy chinese new year from the bros!!!!! 
Iranian FM: I hope that all Chinese people will have a healthy and peaceful Spring Festival and wish the Chinese people a healthy Year of the Rat! Regardless of prosperity or adversity, Iran has always stood by the Chinese people.  …
Iranian FM:In the fight against the new coronavirus epidemic, the Chinese govt. responded in a timely&decisive manner, and people from all over the country are united in their hearts, so that people are confident that China will win the war of epidemic prevention and control.  …
Chinese president warns of "accelerating spread" of coronavirus and grave public health situation  
Happy Lunar New Year, Simmers! Don't forget that you can now play The Sims 4 in Simplified Chinese by heading into your Origin PC settings! #YearOfTheRat 
On the happy occasion of Chinese New Year, I join our Chinese friends from around the world in  the new year. May this new year bring you all great happiness, prosperity and peace. Gong Xi Fa Cai.
A late birthday gift for lwj but also, happy chinese new year!!! #mdzs 
A Chinese doctor in Wuhan, the epicenter of the #nCoV outbreak, died after treating patients. The #Wuhan #coronavirus has killed 41 people & infected ~1,300, causing the Chinese government to quarantine at least 12 cities, & >33 million people.  
video from 怀化Huahua railway station，in Hunan province. #WuhanOutbreak is #Chinaoutbreak now Question is how much info of the epidemic is Chinese gov still hiding？ #WuhanCoronovirus 
Let’s kickoff the Chinese New Year with a Yazi, shall we? RT for a chance to win the Chinese tier 8 tank destroyer! Drawing a winner 24h from now! Good luck!  …
UK Government indicate that Magnitsky sanctions may be applied against members of the Chinese Communist Party, who they say are behind atrocities against Uighurs and others  … via @wordpressdotcom
a small acrylic gouache painting I did to celebrate Chinese New Year 鼠年快乐 
Maybe African twitter has an equivalent of Weihan Zhang who hates Chinese people
#coronavirus A #Chinese nurse in #Wuhan posted this video telling the truth about what is happening there with the #CoronavirusOutbreak - The picture of the situation is not pretty  …
The US is planning to evacuate Americans from the Chinese city that has  ground zero for a new deadly strain of coronavirus, according to The Wall Street Journal 
Look out for the castle lit in a beautiful red hue tonight to celebrate #BurnsNight and Chinese New Year. #EdinburghCastle 
HAPPY CHINESE/LUNAR NEW YEAR EVERYONE! This year, we are celebrating the year of the Rat Did you know that the Rat is the first of all 12 zodiac animals, and are seen as a sign of wealth and surplus?? ⁣⁣鼠年快樂 #chinesenewyear2020 
The Chinese government forced the host of a TV show which popularized eating bats to apologize in the aftermath of the coronavirus outbreak, which scientists have linked to the consumption of wild animals.  … #coronoavirus
happy Chinese New Year everyone!!! My family never was big on holidays but every year we’d have a huge feast for CNY! hope the year of the rat brings you good luck
Today is Chinese New Year, the Year of the Rat: the first year of the cycle, a time of renewal. Rats are small but clever, and they’re survivors—so please remember that even a small gesture can have a big impact.  …
Happy Chinese New Year Yerin Love you Protect you Always stand by you. #yerin 
Happy Chinese New Year 
“So you mean to tell me that you get money on Chinese New Year? Whaaat” 
Happy Chinese New Year: Let Rat power abound. Especially desert kangaroo rat (Dipodomys deserti) power! These gals are just a dash of milliseconds faster than the rattle snake and there’s a lesson in there somewhere. 
Isn't it strange that a new deadly virus of unknown origin spreads from a Chinese city known to be one of the most active center for virology in China?  … #CoronaOutbreak #Wuhan And does anyone remember this incident?  
The fire at @mocanyc has likely destroyed thousands of irreplaceable historical and cultural items—a huge loss to Chinese-Americans AND the larger Asian-American and  If you can, please consider donating to their restoration fund:   …
Lev Parnas' lawyer has previously defended narcos, mobsters and hitmen, and is "a meditative, chess-playing pot lawyer fond of quoting ancient Chinese texts." Riveting read by 
Yeah Chinese & Guitar got dropped. Now he wants to add drama and athletics. But he gotta get a job or a hustle first.
As the first symbol in the Chinese zodiac the rat represents new beginnings, prosperity, vitality, fertility, and intelligence. This is your symbol if you were born in 1984, 1996, or 2008.
Secretary Pompeo may be just too emotional and easily upset to deal with tough actors like the Iranians and Chinese. They may hurt his feelings, and then where will we be?
#LIVE: This student reporter from the Chinese University of Hong Kong has suddenly been proper-sprayed in a brief police operation. A man has also been arrested by several people who appeared to be undercover police officer. It is not clear why he was arrested. 
Hubble  the Year of the Rat with a view of its own favorite rodents, NGC 4676A and B, and highlights the planetary origins of the Chinese zodiac’s 12-year timetable. 
U.S. Evacuating Citizens From Epidemic-Stricken Chinese City: Gd bless @realdonaldtrump  
Chinese are in 2030 
Chinese President #XiJinping: Control of new #coronavirus is currently the primary task More:  
Happy Chinese New Year!! It’s now the year of the Rat! 
Hong Kong police are out tear gassing and arresting citizens on the first night of Chinese New Year. Not very auspicious if you ask me - hope the rat pays them back  …
Interesting details of how fast Chinese authorities were able to track down an, I assume, random individual citizen? #coronarovirus #nCoV2019  
#coronavirus #Thai airport still limiting virus scans as 7th patient reported “We'll do virus scans if China says to watch out for cities other than Wuhan & Guangzhou” The government cares more about Chinese tourists money than public health some say  …
Wrong time to be a Chinese. Worse if you're against teaching of Jawi and coughing at the same time.
every week western media flips a coin and either writes about how Chinese people are brainwashed minions crushed by state censorship or how Chinese people hate their government (as evidenced by frequent public social media posts of random ppl criticizing officials)  …
Wishing everyone a wonderful and special #LunarNewYear! 2020 is the #YearoftheRat — symbolizing wealth, creativity, and vitality! It’s also a new beginning in the 12-year circle of the Chinese zodiac. We hope this year brings you great prosperity and joy with loved ones. 
Shawn is doing some fantastic reporting on the #WuhanCoronavirus outbreak. He's keeping a close eye on Chinese social media and monitoring the reactions and rumors on there.  …
During H1N1 outbreak in Mexico, China quarantined Mexicans in China, Mexico sent a plane to repatriate them, China wouldn’t give the plane landing rights until we threatened with not giving landing rights to Chinese plane repatriating Chinese in Mexico.  …
Pirate Team would like to wish a Happy Chinese New Year to everybody who celebrates it! 
Happy Lunar New Year! This year is marked by the zodiac animal of the Rat. PHOTO: A yellow lion during a Chinese New Year's parade. New York City, USA. 1996. © Chien-Chi Chang/Magnum Photos 
Happy Lunar New Year! Can you spot the rat—associated with wealth, surplus, and intelligence in the Chinese zodiac—in this set of jade carvings? Pay our furry friend a visit in "Celebrating the Year of the Rat," on view until July 19.  
Kathy and I wish everyone a Happy Chinese New Year! May this year bring you joy, peace, longevity, prosperity and love. 
"Do hierarchies lead to a stronger society? Drawing on China and Confucian culture, two books make the case against political equality via top-down rule and meritocracy” Interesting review by Rana Mitter on the higher apologetics for the Chinese regime.  
That you don’t speak Chinese. #OddThingsToForget
OK I'm considering deleting it because it is apparently too believable that Blizzard would ban people for speaking negatively about a Chinese virus.
I doubt that! Chinese treat pinoys as maid or slaves so obviously if we are in their situation they won't  us in their country.
In Wuhan dialect - the man and woman in this video taken off Chinese social media says:”Record this now. There are so many of them. The big rescue army is arriving from Tianhe airport(Wuhan). Hope  Hope  #WuhanCoronovirus 
#LIVE: “Fishball Revolution”, which erupted on the first night of Chinese New Year 4 years ago here in Mong Kok, used to be an avoided topic in #HongKongProtests. But this year, it isn’t anymore. People more vocally chant #antiELAB slogans given heightened anger among the 
Notice how much @RoKhanna praises Chinese New Year, while he totally ignores any Indian and Hindu days like Diwali. I'm  he's celebrating Chinese New Year. But I'm saying: Why is he so full of self-hate he says nothing for Indian days?  …
Obviously the Chinese government is authoritarian, but the idea that it shouldn’t take extreme measures when a deadly virus is spreading across its country and killing its people is absurd. It’s also dealing with a huge issue that might impact the whole world.  …
Activision-Blizzard has banned 20 professional gamers for speaking negatively about the Chinese coronavirus.
If you would've told 16 year old me that one day she'll have a cute boyfriend that she can eat Chinese takeout and play Mario Kart in her underwear with, she would've never believed you. Funny how it all works out.
#WuhanCoronovirus #CoronavirusOutbreak “If I Can’t Live, Then You Can’t Too!” Patient with Fever Tears Off Medical Staff’s Mask & Spits At Her News source in Chinese:  
February 2017, Nature penned an extensive profile of what it called the "Chinese lab poised to study world's most dangerous pathogens." The location of this BSL-4 rated lab? Why, Wuhan. 
The Chinese are really trying not to let the extent of how bad this truly is get out..I have the feeling it’s loads worse! Seeing what they eat the last cpl of days, I’m not surprised! Dire situation !
This is how HK police and the pro-CCP gov celebrate Chinese New Year with citizens: Firing #MadeinChina toxic tear gas in Mong Kok during the First Day of #CNY2020, #YearoftheRat.  – at Mong Kok 旺角
CHINA TO suspend domestic and overseas Chinese group tours from Monday to contain new SARS-like virus that has infected nearly 1,300 people. 
how dare the evil chinese government quarantine people with a rapidly spreading virus. they should be more like the US, where you can’t go to the doctor because it’s too expensive and you have to keep going to work when you’re sick and otherwise you  homeless
I never doubt that China will conquer difficulties. On the 1. day of SpringFestival, President Xi chaired a meeting&decided to set up a CPC Central Committee leading group to cope with #coronavirus, emphasizing that all Chinese are the strong backing for people in epidemic areas. 
Gong hei fat choy! Got a while to go until it’s dog year again, but Sprinkles wants to wish everyone a Happy Chinese New Year!!! : 
UNDERSTAND WHO ONE OF THE TRUE ENEMIES IS TO THIS COUNTRY U.S. Navy Releases Footage of Chinese Warship’s Unsafe Approach  …
We as Pakistani extend heartiest facilitation to our Chinese brothers n sisters on New Years & Also wish and pray that Wuhan, Hubai and all China gets better and clear of this corona virus. We stand by our Chinese friends in this testing time. @zlj517 @AounSahi
happy chinese new year! remember to drink coffee
Gift For Followers Todays’s the Chinese New Year and it marks the start of the traditional lunar calendar. On this special day, “I wanna give all my best wishes to you.” Use code to redeem the limited Karma: aAIaxHhbbwvB Expires on Feb 9th 23:59 #MrLoveMobile 
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program  …
GONG XI FA CAI BETO! (Wishing you great happiness and prosperity Beto!) Beto gets some Happy Lunar (Chinese) New Year greetings and a RED PACKET (envelope) with “a message of GOOD FORTUNE” inside (usually it’s money). That Good Fortune  in handy during THE YEAR OF THE RAT 
If you have it to give, please consider donating to The Museum of Chinese in America. They've lost several thousand pieces of their collection in a recent fire. I am certain they would appreciate--we would all appreciate--whatever you can spare.  …
Celebrate the Chinese New Year with this piece of authentic '90s Battletoads concept art - now on a T-shirt! Rat-tastic.  
The Teletubbies are celebrating Chinese New Year! Did you know it's the year of the rat? 
Pixiu, the golden hunter. Happy Chinese New Year to our fans! Celebrate with our EXCLUSIVE @adidasfootball collection! #ChineseNewYear | #HalaMadrid
Happy Chinese New Year! What’s YOUR Zodiac sign? #WeAreONE 
Happy #LunarNewYear! You can now read @HRC Foundation and  out resource for Asian and Pacific Islander Americans in: Simplified Chinese Korean Vietnamese Japanese  …
Right wing idiots wont accept whatever people say. Debate with head in their asses. Ya u paling pandai. Smarter than all the  here. Should have listened to you and just nuked China. Oh wait. also Malaysian Chinese la dont lie i know u want this.
happy Lunar New Year! today I am immersing myself in asian culture by wishing my chinese coworker a happy new year only for her to tell me to "get back to work"
A 62-year-old Chinese doctor in Wuhan 'at the front line' of the coronavirus outbreak has died after treating patients  …
Weird wording but even more because  from China and the US will use this as an opportunity to push anti Chinese propaganda.  …
MUSEUM OF CHINESE IN AMERICA is fundraising for MOCA Archives Fire Recovery. Pls help this vital archive try to recover & rebuild as much as possible. #alamw2020  …
China's Wuhan is under attack by #CoronaVirus. Pakistan stands by our Chinese brethren in these testing times as always. This shall pass too. We R ready to help @Cathaypacific @zlj517
Reported Chinese Confirmed #Coronavirus cases: Yesterday morning - 853 Yesterday evening - 1,287 At this rate, 1900+ confirmed cases by this evening, 3,000+ tomorrow night. With CCP loathe to give real numbers the real numbers are likely magnitudes higher.
After a Chinese citizen sneezed at you... 
Currently watching a Chinese drama and The great Jackson Wang was mentioned, the inner fan girl in me screamed "that's our king!" He is so appreciated especially in China and I can't be more than proud #JacksonWang @JacksonWang852 #GOT7 
To do so while a big part of the population is traveling for Chinese New Year means this will be a massive displacement of the workforce. Expect huge impact in China’s economy.  …
Happy Lunar New Year. The most popular greeting among Chinese this year is 百毒不侵, literally “immune to 100 toxics”. The two guys in pic are labeled as a general & a poet born 1000+ years apart, with only one thing  auspicious names meaning “eradicating illnesses”. 
Chinese TV host apologizes for eating bat soup on air, urges public hygiene and end to eating wild animals 
If I’d stopped learning Chinese at age 4 when I went to the UK, I’d only be able to say “That was yummy” and not “I agree with you that there’s a spectrum on which we can judge nations to be democratic, but it’s misusing words to say that China is democratic like the UK is”
Bowen Yang, SNL’s first Chinese-American cast member and one of the first openly  on the show, is making his mark portraying Andrew Yang and a character of his own creation, “Trade Daddy” 
#Coronavirus epidemic started just before one of the biggest Chinese holidays – the Lunar New Year, or Spring Festival 
It's Chinese New Year AND Robbie Burns Day today....and I couldn't help but be reminded of Kenny Wong's Scottish Meat Pies. Think I will play some Vinyl Cafe today.....
#AnysongChallange Happy Chinese New Year 2020 น้าค้า 
At least 48M people in 15 Chinese cities are effectively quarantined in China's struggle to stop spread of 2019-nCoV. The mind reels.  …
Illustrating how intrusive the Chinese government’s surveillance state is  it is using facial recognition technology and pervasive video cameras to shame people for having run to the store in their pajamas.  
Check out what games you should play based on your Chinese Zodiac sign! Is it spot on? Or is it totally wrong? Let us know!  
BREAKING: at a special government meeting on the Lunar New Year holiday, Chinese President Xi warns that the spread of the deadly new #coronavirus is "accelerating,” and #China is facing a "grave situation.” @thespybrief  …
“This year is your year. Let's Pay New Year call~！” “...Happy...new...year~” Next month, I plan to update a cartoon with the theme of the Chinese zodiac, about 10 pages.If you are interested, please subscribe to  
PHILIPPINES IS OUR COUNTRY, THIS IS NOT A CHINESE EVACUATION CENTER!!!!!
#IndiaChinaBonhomie #Mutualtrust #PeaceandTranquility Troops of #IndianArmy & #PLA jointly celebrated the Chinese New Year & Spring festival on 24 Jan by greeting each other at Natu La border & Damai on Chinese Side in an atmosphere of warmth & friendship @adgpi 
Breaking news: Chinese President Xi warns of "accelerating spread" of Wuhan coronavirus and "grave" public health situation 
[VID] 200125 Singto_News weibo Update - Happy Chinese Day #SingtoPrachaya 
Now this is very interesting... "Xiangguo Qiu [edited for context] ...was invited to go to the Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory of the Chinese Academy of Sciences twice a year for two years, for up to two weeks each time." -- CBC (Oct 2019)  …
#coronavirus New #China wide travel restrictions But the rest of the world receives plane loads of #Chinese tourists. Oh yes, they check the temperature of arriving passengers, but with an incubation period of 14 days, that will only detect those already having symptoms  …
Kung Hei Fat Choi! As we celebrate the Chinese New Year, we can't help but crave for our favorite Tikoy! Before we dive into this sweet delicacy, here are some nutritional facts you may want to know. A friendly reminder from PAN-AO #PANAlphaOmega #PANCares 
Note that #China is not even on the list. They don't need to shut down internet for even a day in any village or town, because they have 24x7x100 surveylance in #Tibet #Xinjiang & othr sensitive areas & virtually impregnable firewall btwn Chinese & World internet. Lesson learnt?  …
Happy Chinese New Year everyone! 
happy chinese new years! 春节快乐！we are all officially RATS now
#BREAKING Beijing to suspend domestic, overseas Chinese group tours: state media 
Wuhan is connected to every major Chinese city by high speed rail. 
恭禧發財 More wealth and prosperity in the year of the rat #gongxifacai #selamatimlek #happychinesenewyear #imlek2020 #gongxifacai2020 #china #tiongkok #chinese #cina #yearofyherat #angpao #red #prosperity #london #chineseschool #liondance #kungheifatchoi 
Wishing wealth and good fortune to all. Happy Chinese New Year! #YearOfTheRat 
lmao we need thanos to snap all these chinese bastards away  …
happy chinese new year 2020 #SiamParagonChineseNewYear2020 #TheInfiniteProsperity #ออฟกัน @AtthaphanP 
Celebrate Chinese #yearofthecoin with #BTCMEX To get $20.20 in #BTC #hongbao Bonus to trade with us: Follow @BTCMEXGlobal & Retweet this post from Jan 24 to Jan 30 Register on  DM us your BTCMEX UID A new winner every 
Happy Chinese New Year! We had a wonderful celebration with our students. Our University brings the cultures of the world together. 
Three likely economic implications of Coronavirus -obvious hit to Chinese retail sales during Lunar New Year -setback to industrial cycle as auto sales & home construction slow -More Chinese stimulus (would also be a good time to quietly inject money into the banking system)
URGENT: #CHINA- Xi Jinping, Chinese President: • Says that situation is VERY serious • China as a whole now on travel ban • China is facing a dangerous situation • Virus spreading rapidly
Not a emoji in sight. Decorating and cooking all done for the clan gathering - grans 80th birthday themed for Chinese New Year! 
Hunter Biden’s Firms Reportedly Received Millions from Russians, Chinese, and Kazakhs.  …
Eating 1.5 kilograms of cheap Chinese food in the mall as to prepare myself for the Corona bioweapon virus while my bro who is on a strict diet looks at me absolutely horrified
Happy Chinese New Year! 
This raises disturbing questions — and we should totally reconsider our own university admissions policies: “Chinese researcher escorted from infectious disease lab amid RCMP investigation”  …
Morning all, hopefully this Coronavirus is cleaned up soon. It has certainly helped the Chinese Government control protesters more with an official state of emergency and mandatory curfews.  …
Happy Chinese New Year from everyone at Rangers. #ChineseNewYear 
Ahead of Chinese New Year, we invited Chinese Lion Dance Group Hung Fut to Ibrox. Made up of fans from the Chinese Rangers Supporters Club the group had the opportunity to perform at half-time during Wednesday's victory. #EveryoneAnyone 
Happy Chinese New Year to everyone celebrating the Spring Festival and  the Year of the Rat! I hope you and your family have a peaceful and prosperous year full of good fortune!  …
When mosquitos bite a Chinese nigga 
Happy #LunarNewYear, and  to the Year of the Rat! To celebrate the occasion, find out the myth behind the many animals of the Chinese Zodiac: 
#DYK? George Washington was born in the #YearoftheRat, which begins again today, the first day of the #LunarNewYear! Do you know your Chinese Zodiac sign? 
Happy #ChineseNewYear, everyone! We celebrated in style at Ibrox on Wednesday night, inviting members of the Chinese @RangersFC Supporters Club to perform a traditional Lion Dance at half time. #EveryoneAnyone 
Kisses Delavin goes traditional on Chinese New Year  
This human has a plot at my allotments. She has learned how to say 'Happy New Year' in Mandarin Chinese. My human is very impressed. @custardfactory @wildcolours  …
The U.S. government is arranging a charter flight Sunday to evacuate its citizens and diplomats from the epidemic-stricken Chinese city of Wuhan to the U.S.  …
Chinese President Xi warms the Coronavirus is accelerating and that China is facing a grave situation #China #Coronavirus  …
i am begging u all to mind where you're getting ur facts on coronavirus and think before u say anything possibly sinophobic i feel so terrible for my chinese friends rn who are embarrassed or afraid to go out in public bc  theyve overheard about how china is "dirty"
justin | Chinese President Xi Jinping warns #coronavirus is ‘accelerating’, country facing ‘grave situation’: Chinese state media
Today is the Chinese New Year. And, guess what? It's the Year Of The Rat!! Jump on board the #RatTrain. We've got work to do!  
must tell it's own people & the world truth! Coverup kills more innocent Chinese people & puts the rest world at risk.  …
新年快乐 (xīn nián kuài lè)  Year of the Rat. Happy Lunar New Year to Buddists, Daoists, Confucists, Chinese, Korean, and  in #LdnOnt who celebrate 
2 including a Chinese woman admitted to IDH Hospital in Colombo on suspicion of being infected with Coronavirus. Medicle Samples sent to Medical Research institute
The thing that worries me most about the coronavirus is not my own safety or the temporary hit to Chinese GDP... I am most concerned if it finds its way into a truly impoverished, urban, emerging market setting like Delhi or Lagos who aren’t equipped to fight it.
U.S. Plans to Evacuate Citizens From Epidemic-Stricken Chinese City Wuhan  …
2019: Chinese researcher escorted from infectious disease lab amid RCMP investigation tied to Wuhan  …
Further, #China officials’ & media’s adherence to the  party prescribed “narrative” of the day is much more important to them than any semblance of reality (though the two can overlap). The #coronarovirus ourbreak is certainly worse than official accounts portray
The Datuk Keramat at Loyang Tua Pek Kong Temple in Singapore is in between the Chinese and Hindu shrines, and also has a mosque-style outline. Haven't heard of a single Muslim who got confused.  
Chinese pissing on the BTS again. This happened near Ladprao. 
The confirmed cases is just over 1000 and death toll is 41. The Chinese govt says it’s not as bad as SARS pandemic (5327 cases death toll 349), yet they lockdown the entire Hubei province which has 60m ppl. Something fishy here. I don’t trust the numbers from Chinese govt.
A husband and wife Chinese spy team were recently removed from a Level 4 Infectious Disease facility in Canada for sending pathogens to the Wuhan facility. The husband specialized in coronavirus research. #coronaviruschina #CoronaOutbreak  …
just sent my chinese bulk buyer 40 pairs n sum disinfectant wipes
Tito Sotto on last night's Chinese New Year celebration in Jones Bridge, "Thank you for inviting me yorme, the best mayor in the country right now." Hiyang hiya naman kami sa pamangkin mo. Gago!
Chinese President #XiJinping said the control and prevention of the new #coronavirus is the most important task for the country at the present stage. A CPC Central Committee leading group is set up to oversee the 
To all in DC who celebrate: Happy Chinese New Year and Happy Lunar New Year! #ChineseNewYear 
Wishing all our @astonmartin Chinese customers and friends a happy new year 
chinese new year ²⁰²⁰ 
Happy Chinese New Year 2020!!! Here are some 红包 from Dage for everyone!! Beware of the rat tho #MDZS #NieMingJue 
Happy Chinese New Year to all those who are celebrating! 
Just saw my crush’s Chinese bf start violently coughing 
Happy #ChineseNewYear Celebrate the Chinese New Year with engaging students in learning about history, traditions and celebrations! Check out the @Flipgrid Topic curated by @Savvy_Educator  
Some good news on your timeline ,Chinese authorities announce first cured coronavirus patient ,discharged from hospital in shanghai #coronoavirus #WuhanCoronovirus #wuhanvirus 
This Chinese Virus is getting a bit serious out there now. There has been half a dozen positive results in France. Nothing here at the moment but about 20 people tested. We should stop all flights from China landing in this Country now until this is under  sense.
The official Chinese line is always "It was just a prank bro" when  to disasters or fuck ups  …
[GIVEAWAY] prize ; 1. sc album P ver. 2. lotto album chinese ver. 3. wolf album chinese ver. 4. wolf album korean ver. 5. poster obsession ( Suho EXO ver. & Chen X-EXO ver.) rules ; - RT tweet ini - follow twitter & ig @tastickpop_id - reply bukti udah fllw dan rt END 3 
I’m a food person rather than a wine person, but today I’ve put my head above the parapet and written about wine! Specifically, about the challenges of applying western ideas about food/wine to Chinese cuisine. Please discuss! (Paywall, sorry)  …
K media | Jungkook China, BTS Jungkook’s Chinese fanbase, announced on Monday that they organized emergency fundraiser and delivered 52,000 Yuan (7,500 USD) to Wuhan, the Chinese city stricken by the novel coronavirus. In addition to monetary donation, +  
Let's wait to see what the real numbers  to the bullshit Chinese numbers. How many are really infected and of those how many died.  …
`kondoms pls pray for north sulawesi. Ain't nothing wrong with the province, we just have an influx of chinese tourists 
Happy Chinese New Year. Thank you for Coronavirus. 
Grandma's (Chinese or otherwise) will feed you till you burst! A little animation I made for @blue_zoo with FX from Stu Geddis  by Jodi Henry. Gong xi fa  …
China imprisoned more than 1 million Muslims in detention, so Allah sheds a virus on them that has not been discovered yet, it has isolated 4 cities with population of 20million Chinese. “They plot and plan and, Allah too plans, but Allah is the best of planners” Quran 8:30
In Chinese culture, rats have been associated with wealth since ancient times. May the year of the rat bring good luck to everyone involved in crypto, and may each of us be hardworking and relentless on the path to success. 
Happy Chinese New Year! 2020 is the year of the Rat! Those born in the year of the Rat are known to be clever, quick thinkers; successful, but content with living a quiet and peaceful life. I was born in the year of the sheep
 back from picking up take out dinner at the local Chinese restaurant last night 
as a chinese, fuck china
Happy Chinese New Year #コスプレ #コスプレイヤー #cosplay #HappyChineseNewYear #ChineseNewYear 
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program - Washington Times  …
Buon Capodanno Chinese! Happy Chinese New Year! 新年快乐! 
And of course to everyone celebrating across the globe. Chinese steam buns tonight
Happy #ChineseNewYear to everyone celebrating across the UK! The festivities across the country are also a powerful reminder of the contribution that British-Chinese people make to our national life all year round. Watch my video below #CNY2020 
Nearly half of my campus is chinese international student and ofc they traveled back here from china within the past 2 weeks bc of the end of winter break and we live in NYC which is already pretty germ-y so we are trying to be cautious
It is very difficult for the Chinese to celebrate their biggest holiday with 12 cities and 35 million people under quarantine. The entire world is at risk from this new outbreak of virus. Still, the human spirit is strong. Together we can endure. We pray for all effected. 
Happy Chinese New Year! Did you know that Chinese-Canadians have a long tradition of serving in our country’s military? Pictured is Marshall Chow of North Battleford, Sask. during his training before being sent overseas during the SWW. #CanadaRemembers  
Once went to view a 3 bed. the landlord hadn't seen the flat before letting us in. Every room had been turned into a bedroom for 6 people & bins were piled in every corner. Landlord left on the verge of tears as 30 chinese tenants who didn't speak English ran around confused
Healthcare workers in the Chinese city of Wuhan say hospitals are running low on supplies as they struggle to cope with the outbreak of the deadly Wuhan coronavirus. 
A day of red for its Chinese New Year... & Katie McGrath looking splendid in red 
Wishing happiness, prosperity and longevity to all those celebrating Chinese New Year! #DYK? The Rat is the first sign in the Chinese zodiac and represents wisdom. #SenCA #ChineseNewYear 
On this #ChineseNewYear our thoughts are with all the people of China, as First Minister @NicolaSturgeon wishes a prosperous Chinese New Year 新年快乐 
Break out the firecrackers! Today's the first day of the Spring Festival, kicking off 15 days of Chinese New Year celebrations. To you and your family, we wish you happiness, wealth and prosperity. 
Happy chinese New Year! What better #Disney than #Mulan to celebrate! I have some test prints in stock. Get in touch at julienricojr@gmail.com if interested. 
Opium scared many Americans into supporting the Chinese Exclusion Act in 1882. Fear of opioids is scaring some Americans into supporting tougher immigration enforcement today. Don’t buy it. It’s not an imported behavior.  
China Newsweek has an excellent piece (in Chinese) detailing the coverup in the initial coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan.  …. Smoking gun evidence of my opinion in NYT  
Happy Chinese New Year from Blue Zoo animation by 
"It's a good year to do business." Kung ang Chinese Zodiac mo ay dog, ano ang business na itatayo mo? 
anything related to china mesti dia ni support.. who are you? chinese puppet ah?  …
One example: the Chinese government is building a special hospital in Wuhan, partly for quarantine, partly for extra capacity, and the project will take six days  A second hospital will follow.  …
when people talk about Asian people they always forget us who are not Japanese, Korean and Chinese......ASIA IS A GODDAMN HUGE CONTINENT PEEPS
Q: What will you give to each other as a gift for Chinese New Year? M: Oooo let me think...Red envelope (with money)...Red envelope... MC: Oohooo Red envelope na ha #MewGulf  …
The last I checked cutting off Chicken’s neck or Siliguri Corridor to block India’s access to its own NEast was a Chinese strategy to contain India. That leader of #ShaheenBaghProtest Sharjeel Imam is publicly planning it points to something very  …
our first chinese wedding and its in singapore! kita share a few pics okie. client request untuk shoot dekat floral fantasy and dalam tu serious cantik and wangi sangat which one is your favorite pic? 
Chinese tourists held their title for being the most disgusting living things ever  …
Full report in Chinese of Standing Committee meeting that Xi Jinping called to response to the coronavirus outbreak. Now there's a new leading group to manage the government's mobilization. What was a localized medical problem a month ago is now a crisis.  
As we want to celebrate the Chinese New Year, there will be a special giveaway: you can win the moneymouse outfit! It will last three days starting today (January 25th) and there will be 5 winners. Like and RT this post and maybe you‘ll get this limited outfit from the shop ! 
Happy Chinese New Year. Tories are in Government. Well, it is the year of the Rat! 
The whole Green agenda thing requires developing nations to not optimise their capacity for industrialisation. And China rightfully tells us all to "f*** off" regarding climate change and tbf if I was Chinese I'd feel the same way.
Best wishes to everyone celebrating Chinese New Year this weekend. My thoughts are with you & especially with those who are worried about the new #coronavirus. We are working with our partners night & day in & outside to end the outbreak. Together, for a healthier, safer world
Officials at New York City's Museum of Chinese in America said Friday they fear a fire at a building that housed as many as 85,000 pieces likely destroyed almost the entire collection. 
If it were the Filipino people who’s experiencing the same situation, would the Chinese government do the same for them? Would they have let us inside their country so easily? If the answer is no, chances are you know where all this anger  from.
Today we celebrate #BurnsNight and #ChineseNewYear on the same day - the next time this happens will be in 2096! Read more about the work of @staenglish renowned #Burns expert Professor Robert Crawford’s collaboration on Chinese Makars  
Happy Chinese New Year, the year of the rat! ⁠ ⁠ Rats have done more than you can possibly imagine for the human race, as the third most used animal in British research, there are many people who owe their lives to them without even knowing it! 
 the Chinese New Year by downloading our Year of the Rat pack for schools. Practise Mandarin with sound files, read traditional stories, learn about festivals, make finger puppets, Tangram puzzles and dumplings:  #YearoftheRat 
Audio allegedly from a medical worker in #Wuhan claiming 100,000 people have been infected with #coronavirus, that the Chinese Gov is not helping and cannot be trusted. "People are dying in front of their eyes" Can anybody please confirm the translation? 
HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR, BENPIRE SCUAD! 
Really grim scenes from a Chinese hospital besieged by the corona virus  …
Eternals poster celebrating the Chinese New Year. Our Thena is gonna be so gorgeous!!!! 
This is sooo adorable! Happy Chinese New Year everyone! 新年快乐! kiong hee huat tsai!  … 
A Cambridge college hosted a group of students from the Chinese city at the centre of the coronavirus outbreak this week, it was revealed yesterday  …
Happy Chinese New Year! Steinway celebrated this month by opening a new showroom in Shanghai. Special thanks to Gina Alice Redlinger for inaugurating the space with a lovely performance on the #SteinwayBlackDiamond followed by a VIP dinner at 
He said in Hong Kong will have the firecracker during the Chinese New year ~ and make a cute sound 'biong biong biong~ （浙江卫视春节晚会） #루카스 #LUCAS #黄旭熙 #HappyLucasDay #黄旭熙0125生日快乐 
Good day friends. I think this will be the last day of calm blue sky in Aberdeen, all set to change next week to much colder conditions. Happy Chinese New Year to you all. Image today of Aberdeen Bay. 
Xīn Nián Kuài Lè! 新年快乐! UPCLAS wishes everyone, especially the Filipino-Chinese Community, a Happy Chinese New Year! May the spirit of the Metal Rat bring success and prosperity to you and your family! #PlayWithUPCLAS 
Troye wishing fans a Happy Chinese New Year on his Weibo! (: Troye_Sivan) 
Today is the Chinese Lunar New Year, the largest internal yearly migration on earth. Most years about 30 million residents travel within China for the festivities. This year there is a deadly virus spreading as well. 
Remember when we witnessed the massive destruction of Scarborough Shoal by fleets of Chinese giant clam diggers? The Filipino fishing boat that took us aboard then, is missing now in the West Philippine Sea. A thread.  …
stall uncles really be overreacting when they see us africans speak basic chinese 
Scientists are unraveling the Chinese coronavirus with unprecedented speed and openness 
Happy Chinese New Year 2020 #CNY #ShotOnIphone Edited with apple editing tools + vscocam E5. All shots are taken around Petaling Street, Kuala 
[ 200125 ] 北京春晚台 2020 Beijing Spring Festival Evening Happy Chinese New Year #XiaoZhan #肖战 
Happy Chinese New Year! Year of the Rat. 
CSCEC wishes you good fortune on the Chinese New Year! 
Activists say that calling MSG the culprit behind 'Chinese Restaurant Syndrome' is both misinformed and 'racist.'  …
Coronavirus: Nigeria at risk as 120,000 Chinese nationals visit annually 
Alex, a Chinese student who spoke at the Jan 12 rally & was previously arrested at a protest, reports he’s ok after having to leave #HK due to visa expiry yesterday. It appears he’s yet to have found a safe place & may have to return to HK temporarily.  
By the time matapos ang term ni Duterte, New Year na lang ang tawag natin sa Chinese New Year charot.
Assembled to be like chinese, pero made in the Philippines, sa kama pa! 
ACEVILLE PRESENTS An importation tutorial group on WhatsApp for FREE just for Nigerians and Ghanaians. From contacting Chinese producers to your goods arriving in your city This is one of the free sessions hosted every year, to be added click  
Chinese families today -urban, middle-class; smartphones, smart cars, sons who know how to pair wines with entrees- But when an older generation quizzes daughters-in-law about grandchildren? For me, such questions  with the smell of metal coins and latrines. 9/?
By that logic, any country that trades w China and contributes to their economy  in finding the abhorrent conditions in XinJiang. Your beef is w the Chinese government. Not the millions of innocent people in Wuhan suffering rn.
May the new year bring joys & hopes that never fade, strengths that never weaken, prosperity & good health always. Happy Chinese New Year! Xīn Nián Kuài Lè! 新年快乐! 恭禧發財! gōng xǐ fā cái! 
The Chinese name for NORTHERN HOUSE MARTIN is 毛脚燕, máo-jiǎo-yàn, literally translated as 'hairy-legged swallow'. 
"Chinese New Year, Chinese new me!"
Happy Chinese New Year Best wishes for all the ARMYs #vmin 
Chinese new year street moment #shotoniphone11pro Edited only with Vscocam C8. (LD for rays) Happy chinese new year to those who celebrate it! Have agreat one Some other photos on the thread! 
【 #コドモドラゴン】 #新年快乐 2020 !! Happy Chinese New Year  #LunarNewYear 
Wife of Detained Chinese Rights Lawyer: 'I Can Afford to Spend All my Spare Time Telling The World About This'  …
This year both Burns night and Chinese New Year fall on the same weekend...some friends have invited me to  event and they've renamed it "Chinese Burns Night"...I wasnt going to go but they've twisted my arm
Gong Xi Fa Cai mula sa mall installation ni Faith! Happy Chinese New Year, Sheepmates! 
Wishing our Chinese brothers and sisters a 新年快乐. We wish you good fortune for the year ahead - Happy New Year . #HappyNewYear #ChineseNewYear2020 #YearoftheRat #celebrating #diversity 
SIAM PARAGON CHINESE NEWYEAR 2019 2020 
China has appreciated Prime Minister Imran Khan's recent remarks about the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor. In a statement issued today, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said since the launch of the #CPEC, significant positive progress has been made. @Asad_Umar 
chinese niggas be like time for bat soup
Sharing the short film by @MSUMalaysia "Late" that values the relationships of people around us. Have a festive season with your loved ones. Happy Chinese New Year & Gong Xi Fa Cai #CNY2020 
恭贺新禧 ! Team Emirex Wishes You A Happy Chinese New Year! May the year of rat bring you joy and happiness and, of course, good luck and prosperity! 
The U.S. is planning to evacuate Americans from the Chinese city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak, says a person familiar with the matter 
Sick cruelty. The Chinese govt can lock down cities with 11 million people but not capable or willing to stop people eating live mice, #BatSoup cats, rats, dogs, civets etc. #toxic mentality #CoronavirusOutbreak #WuhanCoronovirus #globalhealthrisk #Chinese food  …
15 Chinese cities are now in lockdown as Wuhan coronavirus continues to spread. Health care workers in Wuhan are warning that hospitals are running low on supplies, @David_Culver reports.  
The Chinese economy grew by 6% in 2019. The U.S (biggest economy in the world) grew by 2.2% in 2019. All things being equal, do the math, say by 2030. Meanwhile, Nigeria for all her troubles grew by 1.94%
Watching the Ghost Bride macam best. Its Baba Nyonya in the late 1800s. Produced by a Malay but all the actors, director are chinese. Also a chance for me to practice/learn Mandarin in Malaysian context.
#coronavirus Can some one whi speaks Chinese and English confirm that this translation is correct? She says: outbreak of virus is much much bigger than the government tells. 
[RTRS] 25 Jan - 06:35:31 AM - U.S. ARRANGING CHARTER FLIGHT SUNDAY TO EVACUATE ITS CITIZENS AND DIPLOMATS FROM THE EPIDEMIC-STRICKEN CHINESE CITY OF WUHAN - WSJ (why is u.s. evacuating citizens and diplomats from wuhan if trump and w.h.o. say there is no crisis?)
Dani Olmo is a fantastic signing for Leipzig Meanwhile we are trying to loan players from the Chinese league #sackwoodward
U.S. PLANS TO EVACUATE CITIZENS FROM EPIDEMIC-STRICKEN CHINESE CITY
Happy #ChineseNewYear!! The name  from the Sanskrit Cina (derived from the name of the Chinese Qin Dynasty,) which was translated as 'Cin' by the Persians and seems to have  popularized through trade along the Silk Road.  
Communist Part of China's politburo held a meeting on the coronavirus outbreak, with President Xi Jinping presiding, according to Chinese state tv
Note to world: how might #China influence at key intl institutions matter for you? Getting epidemics under control before it's too late for everyone...  … via @Telegraph @FrancesEveCHRD @Yaqiu @hrw_chinese @hrw
Happy Chinese New Year We've managed to pick up one of these amazing limited edition Juventus Chinese kits. The name is in Chinese characters with a special artwork carved inside the jersey number representing the player's zodiac sign, in this case Ronaldo 
Happy Chinese New Year! 2020 is the year of the rat, so here are a couple we found hiding in our Archives... A drawing on a charter issued by James I to Canterbury A woodcut in the mid 16th century book ‘Historia animalium’ which aimed to describe all known animals. 
The best Chinese new Year recipes!  
Today is Chinese New Year, the year of the Rat, and specifically the Metal Rat! Our little friend here from The Lion and the Rat, fully appreciates the light shed on her much deplored kind, and wishes all our Chinese friends A Happy And Prosperous New Year! 
My annual reminder that today is not only the Chinese New Year but is also New Year in Viet Nam, Korea and Tibet
Two Chinese tourists test negative for coronavirus in Bali 
HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR 2020 Gong Xi Fat Cai 
I don't know whether closing the border is a good idea. I do know Chinese officials didn't think they needed to restrict travel out of Wuhan until they locked it down along with almost 20 other cities.  …
Trending on Twitter in #Thailand this afternoon is the hashtag #รัฐบาลเฮงซวย. People are criticizing the inefficiency of the government in handling coronavirus, PM2.5 and other things. Some even said the government won’t do anything as they want the money from Chinese tourists. 
Wishing you and your families happiness and prosperity this Chinese New Year, from all of us at Manolo Blahnik HQ 
We aren’t anti-China, we just want to know the truth and honestly I don’t know who to believe. Only hope that the Chinese government can control the situation.
Happy lunar new year! It's the Chinese year of the rat, so here's some pictures of Frank Ocean and a cutie from the new Marc Jacobs campaign :') 新年快乐 
Pakistan needs economic stability TO ensure its survival. Uighurs are dying not bcx of PAK. we don't worship IK but he is right in this matter we know neglecting Chinese support in UN forums is suicide. CJ, running an account is different from running a country like Pakistan  …
175/ Chinese kept in isolation in Nishtar Hospital, Multan is improving. No signs of sever acute respiratory infection. He is being managed in line with standard protocol as a suspect. Alhamdolilah, Pakistan does not have any nCronavirus patient until now, and we are alert!
Claiming Good Luck, Good Health and Abundant Blessings for our Kween and this Kweendom in this year of the Rat! Happy Chinese New Year, #Kissables ! @KissesDelavin 
Chinese New Year celebrations staged in Kobe, Japan. 
Happy Chinese New Year #YearoftheRat Celebrate with the Midlands biggest Chinese New Year celebrations to  the first animal of the Chinese zodiac Head down to Birmingham's Chinese quarter on Sunday 26 January for authentic Chinese street food, music and dancing!
Usually I try to make a dish for the relevant zodiac year. Chicken and pig are easy. For monkey I used monkey head mushrooms; for dog I made a dish punning on dog’ in Chinese: steamed chicken with gojiberries (枸杞，狗). But I was a bit stumped by Year of the Rat. 
I think any person not just (Chinese nationals) who travelled in and out China in the past month should be checked to avoid spread.
What procedures are in place to monitor  into port from Chinese ports? Someone needs to make sure those seafarers are ok. #coronavirus #auspol Wuhan is a deep sea port that services cargo ships that travel the world
The Corona Virus case reported in Malaysia is from Singapore. But, some Malaysians want to ban all Chinese from entering Malaysia. As per news report at least 10 countries/region reported Corona Virus case including Singapore. Don't spread panic, just follow MOH's advice.
Well somehow we got through that in on piece Ken entertaining as ever, but also serving up a delicious Chinese feast You can find the recipe here:  … #SaturdayKitchen 
#DidYouKnow that in Vancouver, Canada, they have an annual event which  the celebration of Chinese New Year and Burns Night? The night is called "Gung Haggis Fat Choy" and is a celebration of Vancouver's multiculturalism. Follow them at 
To celebrate Chinese New Year, here's the winning moment from our flawless run at #IEM Beijing What a tournament in front of our Chinese fans! 
Sobrang kalat kagabi sa Nectar and they played Taylor Fckin Swift! I love my friends and the other people. What a good way to start the Chinese New Year! lol cc: @mattchucaro 
Happy Chinese New Year! 新年快乐! It’s time to celebrate. Join us at the Spring Festival Fair at the Dublin City Fruit & Vegetable Market, Mary’s Ln (off Capel St) this weekend for an amazing two days of performances, workshops and more! #DCNYF #ChineseNewYear 
Chinese New Year Giveaway Folllow @Cryptotipsfr Like and RT Join  … &  Tag 2 friends 1 X Shoo #433 Contract address  … Random draw Result 27.01.2020 Good luck #ENJIN #ERC1155 
never, Pakistan no puppet of any1. Pakistan needs no war with China,even diplomatically bcz China supports #Kashmir issue on UN forums. Now for #Uighurs, we support Uighurs and talk of Pakistan with Chinese is private on this matter as @ImranKhanPTI  …
Pakistan-China friendship has paved the way for regional prosperity through CPEC in the past decade. On this Chinese New Year I wish more progress and stability for both Pakistan and China. Happy Chinese New Year!
Please help me to find this Chinese guy who accidentally took my phone (for work) at KFC Setia Alam, section u13 Shah Alam. Just rt to spread this i really just need the phone back. I will not do anything to this guy just will slow talk to have the phone back 
I don’t know about atrocities against Chinese Uighur Muslims because Kashmir is a disputed territory. 
It’s the Year of the Rat. Happy Chinese New Year, #MJFam. We wish happiness and health for everyone. 新年快乐. J. 
DFA should start banning Chinese going in our country until this issue is resolve...
#coronarovirus #coronarovirus China isolates at least 1 million Uyghurs. Corona virus isolates 41 million Chinese residents in 13 cities 
Frankly, I think the UK Toryvirus is a lot more dangerous than the Chinese Coronavirus!  …
Indeed. But shouldn't our thoughts also be with #Hongkongers, whose freedoms are unravelling, #Uyghurs, facing mass atrocities, Chinese Christians facing the worst crackdown since the Cultural Revolution & everyone suffering under Chinese Communist Party repression  …
By all reports, I highly doubt the cases and death counts are accurate. Authorities already admit the numbers are too lonw. But knowing Chinese media, it’s always worse than they admit. I predict number will soar to 5 figures over weekend, and 6 figures next 2 weeks + worldwide.
Happy Chinese New Year! Lao yan carrying ah qiao again~ chibi ver! #qianqiu #千秋 
For the first time since 1944, Burns Night and Chinese New Year fall on the same day. Do you recognise this famous Scots poem?  
Australia and Japan have already banned the Chinese firm. A decision in Britain is due this month 
Might want to tell the Chinese that they are white as fuck for inventing fried rice apparently. (A dish that requires you to put soy sauce in the rice while cooking it.)  …
Im going through this thread and realizing that a lot of people don’t know the nature of China and Chinese government. They’re government covers up everything from diseases to mass murders. This virus  from eating exotic meats like snake and camel.
The forth #SpringFestivalGiveaway airdrop is from @QB_Exchange of 25,500 $QB for 3000 lucky users! Happy Chinese new year!  …
200125 Hunan TV 2020 Chinese New Year Worldwide Spring Gala promo clip #ZTAO doing a lil magic show #黄子韬 #타오 #タオ 
[WEIBO] 200125 OYF Hot Spring World Weibo Update Happy Chinese New Year #RENJUN #CHENLE #런쥔 
Fortunately for Trump, the deal is structured so that evidence of shortfalls in those $200 bn of Chinese purchases won’t be clear until after the votes have been counted in November.  …
Why yes, I do believe my mother spent her evenings after work teaching me Chinese and correcting my essays for years so that I would eventually be able to go to China and argue at length with my grandparents about politics over #ChineseNewYear dinner
Happy Chinese New Year! To celebrate we're giving you the chance to win this Nu: Journal Spectrum notebook, just RT, LIKE and FOLLOW our page. UK entrants only. One winner over all Social Media platforms, winner announced Monday. #ChineseNewYear #YearoftheRat 
Just notice that Taeyong likes to spam about his private life when it was big holiday Chuseok - Taeyong and Ruby Christmas - kindergarden Taeyong Chinese New Years - Taeyong baby pic and his baby nephew
Happy Chinese New Year to everybody celebrating this special occasion! Throughout this Year of the Rat, UNWTO will continue to work to promote tourism as a driver of peace, sustainability and inclusive growth. 
To celebrate Chinese New Year and FA Cup 4th Round weekend, we have decided to do another Competition! Follow @TheLFEToken Like, Comment and Retweet the team who will cause the biggest shock/upset this weekend in the FA Cup. #HappyLunarNewYear2020 #Crypto $LFEC 
We would like to wish all of our Chinese followers/citizens a Happy New Year 新年快乐 
“Feeling that shimmer of fortune for Chinese New Year! ” 
Wishing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous Lunar New Year. Happy Chinese New Year #LunarNewYear #CNY2020 
“What’s this Chinese show? The one with the gay wizards.”  …
新年快樂, 心有所鼠! Happy Chinese New Year to my friends and followers who celebrate! #Warframe Operators Rosella and Finch celebrating the new year in their own way. #fanart #LunarNewYear #ChineseNewYear2020 #ArtistOnTwitter 
Let’s pray for the people of Wuhan, Hubei & China! Let us trust the Chinese government, and establish a firm confidence in defeating the #coronavirus! With one heart & one mind, we will try our best to win the full victory of this special war! 为武汉、湖北、全国人民祈福！
Chinese foreigners are the rude one.  …
Today is the Chinese New Year day. I am thinking of all the people in China this weekend, especially those who have been sick from #nCoV. @WHO stands with you, and we will continue working around the clock with China and other countries to respond.
. @donnypangilinan at the Chinese New Year 2020 Street Party Countdown in Binondo last night! Credit: 
200125 CGTN update w/ official subs Yixing: I'm here wishing you a great New Year! Happy Chinese New Year, and I wish you luck in the Year of the Rat! Q: Yixing, what's your must-eat during Spring Festival? YX: Stir-fried beef with chili peppers! @layzhang 
Happy Chinese New Year folks! Or Gong Hay Fat Choi in Cantonese. Some other traditions today include: -Getting red envelopes with money called lai see (lucky) -Eating fish (lucky) -No sweeping (unlucky) -Don't cut your hair (unlucky) And just being nice to each other
There are Chinese nationals taking medications to hide symptoms of #coronavirus infection and bragged that they got to travel on socmed. That was how one of the infected cases was discovered in France.
languages i speak: - spanish - english - japanese - asturianu ho languages i speak partially / have a small conversation in: - french - catalan languages i wanna learn: - basque - chinese  …
Happy Chinese New Year. Year of the Rat. #nufc 
#SpringFestivalGiveaway 25,500 #QB Giveaway for the first 3,000 fans. Happy Chinese New Year! #Airdrop #ChineseNewYear #QB_Exchange How to enter: 1.Follow @QB_Exchange 2.RT & Like 3.Tag 3 friends Time：01/25/2020~01/31/2020(UTC+8) @cctip_io airdrop 25500 QB 
Happy Chinese New Year! Say hi to our happy new year rat! Search #chinatownlondon in Instagram stories (or Giphy) to discover more fun stickers and GIFs! #CNYLondon #chinesenewyear 
Happy Chinese New Year! Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow... 
A Chinese woman bragged on social media that she had masked her coronavirus symptoms in order to sneak into France and dine at Michelin-starred restaurants in Lyon.  …
Deport all Chinese people instantly
#BREAKING Virus-hit Chinese city to build second new hospital to treat cases: state media 
Together with our Chinese brothers and sisters, let us celebrate this 2020, the Year of the Metal Rat. As we  another prosperous year, may we be filled with peace and strength into hurdling through obstacles. Kung Hei Fat Choi, everyone! 
Happy Chinese New Year Celebrating it with family today! I hope you have a great day everyone 
Taiwan 2011, Donghae & Siwon saw a chinese man drinking on their way back from attending a bible study, the man was depressed because he has laryngeal cancer but both of them kept consoling and encouraging him for more than hour and half #Donghae #동해 
#GongXiFaCai2020 - happy Chinese New Year friends! 
Happy Chinese New Year, Lunar New Year, Losar, Seollal, Tet everyone! 新春快乐! 
NEW: Wuhan will build a *second* brand-new hospital to treat #coronavirus patients, according to Chinese state media. The first one, planned with 1,000 beds, hasn’t even been finished yet. Wuhan is a city of 11 million and ground zero for this epidemic. @CBSNews is here.
A very happy and prosperous Chinese New Year to everyone 
Happy Chinese New Year From Dirtbag Dan and Danika XIX #yearoftheRat 
I ask again,what is the government doing about the Coronavirus outbreak detected in China and has killed 26 people?This should be our concern because Zimbabwe deals with Chinese and has high  Chinese traffic. @nickmangwana @MoHCCZim @Itairusike @CWGH1 @daddyhope
VIDEO: Police block roads into the Chinese city of Wuhan, which has been locked down in an unprecedented quarantine effort aimed at containing a deadly respiratory virus 
We would like to pass our very best wishes to all of our Chinese #ABDNfamily and friends who are celebrating Chinese New Year today. We wish you a bright, healthy and flourishing year of the rat. 
Happy Lunar New Year! Another hidden meaning behind Eunkwang's post is that, the word "fish" in Chinese is also used as a blessing, 年年有余(魚) 'nian nian you yu' also means "abundance year after year", having more than enough in everything every year!  …
*If* the Chinese bioweapons program somehow let out a vaccine-resistant lab-grown measles into the wild and it got to a major city, every single member of the Politburo...  …
Sometimes thanos and genocide are right you know, given the circumstance that these fucking chinese shouldn’t even be eating those things in the first place, and they call muslims terrorist when yall be eating bats and wolf pup and shits  …
As we  Chinese new year our thoughts are with those tackling the health crisis in Wuhan. Authorities have acted quickly and the  is rallying to support. We all hope for a swift end to the outbreak and wish Chinese people everywhere a happy new year 
The first night of Shanghai in the Chinese Lunar New Year of Groundhog 
200125 CGTN Weibo update Yixing: I’m here wishing you a great New Year! Happy Chinese New Year and I wish you luck in the Year of the Rat~ Qn: Yixing, what’s your “must-eat” during the Spring Festival? Yixing: Stir-fried beef with chili peppers!! 
chinese new year! 
Lassa fever is on the rampage here in Nigeria. #coronoavirus is on the rampage in China.... Nigeria is currently in business with China with a lot of Chinese around... It's a new virus and I hope we are capable to handle these disease outbreaks. We need to be up to it!
Meanwhile terbaca kat Facebook ada orang yang bersyukur ada virus Wuhan ni kononnya balasan atas penindasan orang Uyghur. I'm sorry but there are innocent people infected by it and not just Chinese people, and these are the same people who claim themselves as religious.
#ChineseNewYear | Happy New Year - it's the start of the year of the Rat today in the Chinese cultural calendar and we would like to wish all our followers Gung Hey Fat Choy! We hope you can all join us tomorrow for our celebrations!  … 
1/ 【WARNING: Virus Laboratory Centre in Wuhan】 MUST-READ!!! Biolab for “Most Dangerous Pathogens on Earth” Opened in Wuhan Before Outbreak. The Chinese government opened its virus laboratory/research centre recently, which works with...
BREAKING: The virus-hit Chinese city of Wuhan bans most vehicles including private cars from the downtown area in a further bid to limit spread of the illness. 
the first day of new year and chinese new year with baechu hyunn 
Happy Chinese New Year! Chinese New Year, also known as the Spring Festival, is a celebration that takes place at the turn of the traditional lunisolar Chinese calendar. The Chinese Zodiac attributes an animal to each year in the calendar, and 2020 is the Year of the Rat 
As a Malaysian of Chinese descent, and this will make my ancestors turn in their graves, I just have to say - all the China Chinese in Malaysia please PERGI BALIK CHINA!
Love Thy Woman stars at the Chinese New Year Parade #LoveThyWoman Feb 10 after ItsShowtime KimXi Kim Chiu Xian Lim glenmark_ (IG 
happy chinese new year everyone 
Happy Chinese New Year to all celebrating. The year of Rat: "Rats are clever, quick thinkers; successful, but content with living a quiet and peaceful life." #ChineseNewYear 
If you're celebrating this weekend, we're wishing you a happy #ChineseNewYear! For anyone looking for dementia information and support in Chinese, turn to our website. Our dementia guide and other booklets are available in a range of languages:  
Some promotions I saw here on Chinese music app Netease Music 
Only the Chinese would even consider trying to build a 1000 bed hospital in less than a week. Incredible.  …
Am I the only one that finds some Chinese culinary delicacies despicable? Why should anyone be eating live rats bikonu? Why will they not have #CoronaVirusOutbreak? Yuck! #CoronaVirus 
Snakes — the Chinese krait and the Chinese cobra — may be the original source of the newly discovered coronavirus that has triggered an outbreak of a deadly infectious respiratory illness in China this winter 
This makes Chinese as the greatest nation rising on earth.  …
Happy Chinese New Year! #DidYouKnow: Chinese pangolins often spend winter sleeping in large burrows. In Chinese legends, #pangolins were thought to travel around the world using these underground dens. 
Happy Chinese New Year to everyone celebrating! May the year of the rat bring you prosperity! 
"HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR!" Ashun Wu holes out on the 1st! 
One other possibility to keep in mind when trying to figure out why Chinese government is doing what they're doing: the possibility the leadership  out of touch with reality, is proposing crazy stuff, and the system is incapable of dealing with the situation
chinese new year 
Did you know you can find 25 different Chinese wallpapers at 15 houses we care for? Here's a closer look at the state bedroom @ErddigNT in Wales. 
Beijing has the the first cure of #WuhanCoronavirus patient, and source said that Chinese medicine is the key to success! For those Chinese who suspecting being infected, their hope is in Beijing, hurry up!  …
If you want to kill a snake, go for the head - Chinese saying. We can go for the police, for the Army, for KPLC... But if the president and his surrogates are criminals, how will the law be respected by his government? #FreeAtty
Four medical experts will report directly to the Chief Exec. as part of emergency plan. New school terms postponed by 2 weeks.  … The Chinese New Year football match, gala, & next month's marathon are among the events cancelled. 
An unnamed Chinese man was hospitalised in Irkutsk with a case of suspected coronavirus. He flew in on 24 Jan & was taken to hospital today. The man's medical tests were sent to Novosibirsk, results haven't been announced yet 
[TRANS] 200125 #Jackson’s Instagram Post “We need to remind ourselves every moment that without health, we have nothing.” *The Korean and Chinese messages have the same content except for one line #JacksonWang @JacksonWang852 #GOT7 #갓세븐 @GOT7Official 
Chinese students from coronavirus-ravaged Wuhan 'went clubbing in Cambridge this week' 
Chinese 'nurse' claims corpses of coronavirus victims are left lying in a Wuhan hospital crammed with patients 
The Real Disease Is The Chinese Gov. Grew Economically But Still Are Stubborn Communist Barbarians, Who Value World Power & Domination & To Hell With Human Lives. Umbrella Corp: Wuhan Ultra Biohazard Lab WasbStudying "The World's Most Dangerous Pathogens"  …
There are urgent questions about RUSSIAN interference - we need the Report There are urgent questions about CHINESE interference - Huawei There SHOULD be urgent questions about AMERICAN interference - in plain sight, across the board
American eating burger Indian eating rice Chinese eating noodles Italian eating pizza Still in the search for a Bangladeshi eating 
Some people now seem to want to spread unfounded conspiracy theories about #coronavirus (including in replies to this tweet). So, on top of the Chinese authorities' destructive censorship, we have these anonymous clowns using their free speech to spread lies. 
if Chinese authorities can control the media regarding #Uygurs, hide all the facts, release tons of propaganda videos to every social medias, basically covering up all the shit they've done, what makes you think they are being truthful this  …
Chinese in Melbourne walking around with masks like they aren’t the ones that should be in quarantine
[Video 1 of 4] Protect yourself. Please wear a mask. Allegedly China has been concealing the real situation in #Wuhan of the #CoronavirusOutbreak. Corpses & unconscious ppl can be found everywhere in the city. It's #ChineseNewYear now. More & more Chinese are out of the town. 
Death Toll Rises As Chinese Virus Continues To Spread  
In Binondo, Manila's China Town, the annual Chinese New Year is celebrated today, Jan. 25, for the Chinese people to  a new and exciting beginning through traditions, food, and fire dances. See more:  
HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR FROM ME AND THE DRAGONS (lmfaoo at this bad edit??) JSKDKD 
Catch me getting arrested for putting crime scene tape around all the local chinese restaurants and duct taping their doors shut
The Chinese claim they are building a new hospital in a week. I think you'll find the lying charlatan you speak of in China Alastair, not the UK!
'I Have Seen Happiness' by contemporary Chinese artist Xiang Jing #womensart 
There was a man named Li Ching-Yuen, a Chinese herbalist and martial artist, who allegedly lived 197-256 years. There’s even an official document from the Chinese government congratulating him on his 150th birthday in 1827. 
Debates on freedoms/humanity under ceilings built w/African slave, Indian indigo, Chinese opium trades  …
Happy Chinese New Year, Hendrix, Pierre, Klare and Ahma!
Blessed and grateful to be back home celebrating Chinese new year 2020 let’s all be healthy I believe we can  anything Let’s also pray for all the disaster that’s happening around the world. 2020 LET’S MAKE HISTORY #TEAMWANG #jacksonwang #HappyChineseNewYear2020
More confirmed cases of coronavirus in Australia. Three men in Sydney have contracted coronavirus. The men had recently travelled to Wuhan, the Chinese city at the centre of the outbreak.  …
恭禧發財! Gong Xi Fa Cai! Happy Chinese New Year! Are you ready to meet our two heroes and go on an adventure to rediscover the secrets of traditional Chinese medicine? #ForTheWards #BidaBDynasty #MyBnondoGirls #ClusterB Poster by: Marion De 
Confirmation today that the #Corona Virus jumped from livestock to humans via poor husbandry and health standards at Chinese live animal markets. You know .. those standards that Jacob Rees Smug said were 'perfectly acceptable' in the UK after #Brexit to replace the EU 
Happy Chinese New Year to everyone in #Portsmouth and across the nation  the #YearoftheRat. The  makes an enormous contribution to our city, civic life and our economy 
Happy Chinese New Year! Love from us #GMSSCC Photo location : @gmssurabayabarat - don't forget to follow.  
This genuinely says ‘Happy Chinese New Year, cockers!’ In Mandarin! #SaturdayMotivation 
#ABC_challenge Day6 （alternate chinese and eng) This time I show a T-shirt which bought yesterday. The seller said it made in USA Btw [Liberate Hong Kong, revolution of our time] 光復香港時代革命 printed on the spot . I think this words for today is very suitable 
The Johns Hopkins Center for Systems Science & Engineering has built & is regularly updating an online dashboard for tracking the worldwide spread of the coronavirus outbreak that began in the Chinese city of Wuhan. #coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak #bigdata  …
Tesla Model S 0-100km in 2.6 sec Same speed as you grab the Love all the latest marketing campaigns in Chinese Social Media 
It's the Year of the Rat! As we celebrate the start of a new year for our Chinese brothers and sisters, may this year be filled with flourishing moments for everyone. Gong Xi Fa Cai! 
My brain at: 2pm - Man, these bills suck. I hope I can get home early. I want Chinese for dinner. 2am - I can't believe I won't exist someday. None of us will. Maybe we're all alone. Do I deserve love?
Shoppers wearing masks formed a long line at a supermarket in Wuhan on Thursday as residents were told not to leave the Chinese city amid #coronavirus outbreak. Footage shows shelves inside the store almost emptied out 
Third times the charm, still not owned by the chinese 
Happy #BurnsNight and #ChineseNewYear Our wonderful UofG A Cappella Society performs the Burns classic Auld Lang Syne in both Chinese and Scots! #RobertBurns 
Happy Chinese New Year, Kween and #Kissables Fam! D'Ninang movie Block Screenings all through out the weekend and more  Claim na natin ang good luck for our Kween by making our tag trend! @KissesDelavin #DNinangNewYear 
Happy Chinese New Year! Today we remember these wise words from the ancient Chinese philosopher, Mencius, who got it right, so long ago. 
This is HUGE! Chinese Gov't. Military secrets and intellectual property theft. Ex-LANL scientist pleads guilty to lying to government  …
The Coronavirus shouldn't even be a concern in America. The Chinese should've been banned a long time ago.
Maldivian government is in consultation with the Chinese government to evacuate the 6 Maldivian students from Wuhan. However, the city being under lockdown it’s a major challenge. Considering the escalation of prices Government has decided to extend financial assistance to them.
In  sense health habits are not widely practiced. Most Chinese people don't wear a mask when they are sick. Spitting on the streets  even in 1st tier cities. Fear mongering is sort of the last resort to slow down the transmission for  …
The Triple Heart Giveaways also celebrates Chinese New Year In accordance to this celebration we will give you a little gift Follow @3HeartGiveaways Follow @MustacheTommy Follow @Bitsahara Retweet Tag friends 5 winners of 20 TRX 5 Winners of 3,000 sats via 
Happy Chinese New Year dari ceceh rachel 
I know no one in Beijing who isn't incredibly worried, with many friends saying they've sharply downsized their CNY family dinners. Hats off to Tom Hancock and other Chinese and foreign reporters covering the story in Wuhan.  … via @financialtimes
BREAKING: #Wuhan - VIDEOS (1 of 2): EXCLUSIVE look into quarantined #China on lockdown as the deadly virus strikes, new footages that were VERY hard to obtain due to Chinese Govt censoring social media. RT and SHARE -@ASBreakingNews #virus #coronarovirus 
A higher definition version of the video: Justin sending Chinese New Year’s blessing to his Chinese fans. @jtimberlake #justintimberlake 
I'm not Chinese but I'm going to celebrate... 
Happy Chinese New Year 
no offense Tun M, but you're being really stupid if you keep on letting the Chinese entering our country. idfc if this helps our tourism sector but fuck it, our lives are in danger  …
Noodles for breakfast! This was served aboard Air India flight from Delhi to Chennai this morning (?!) Is it bcoz it's Chinese New year today? 'Xin Nian Kuai Le' (that's Happy New Year in Chinese) Chuc mung Nam Moi, in Vietnamese... 
A doctor in #Wuhan, China, has died from a #coronavirus infection, whilst other reports have suggested much much higher death tolls that are being covered up by the Chinese authorities. The military have flown in with medical supplies & personnel. 
The gov is nuts to let Chinese tourist enter MY! Even PH are not letting them in! Entry should be restricted!! Don't they know how that tourist managed to avoid airport checks at France? I am SPEECHLESS! THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS! WHAT'S THE POINT OF PUTTING OUR LIVES IN DANGER?!
Chinese Year of the RAT you can't make this stuff up.
2020 is just a little above 3 weeks and yet several disasters already which ever angle of the world you look at. Today is the start of the Chinese new year ( Year of the Rat) and rats are currently trending with Lassa Fever in Naija. Looking like a bumpy ride already.
Reminder that we need Indian run TV news channels in English, Arabic, Spanish and Chinese.  …
Have u seen damages they made on Sipadan Coral reefs? 1 chinese diver touched a shark I wanted to shot right in front of me eye, while there was a Caucasian diver punched them for touching marine life at marine parks unnecessarily.
ateez as chinese new year snacks: a thread (●´ω｀●) happy cny everyone!!
love to get "happy chinese new year" emails from brands who spent all year saying how everything made in china is bad
the fuck is wrong with those chinese ppl who ate wild animals alive jesus christ
MY MOM IS WATCHING DONE SORT OF CHINESE NEW YEARS SEASONAL PROGRAMMING AND I'M LIKE UHHH THAT SONG SOUND FAMILIAR AND I'M LIKE OH SHOOT LMAO 
For 364 days of the year, they vilify Malaysian Chinese as pendatang, kafir and komunis, but for one day of the year, they conveniently remember Al-Hujarat 49:13. "And Allah most certainly knows those who believe, and as certainly those who are hypocrites." (Al-Ankabut 29:11)  …
Happy Chinese New Year 
NEWS ALERT: Chinese New Year celebrations in Binondo now underway | via Julius Leonen/MPIO 
I'm working today and just now i have to serve those chinese wearing mask and they're having cough!!! fml I'm so skek rn if i die, pls tell all the menteri i fucking hate them!!
They should have the strike earlier HKGov is putting politics over human lives, still allowing Chinese carriers of #WuhanCoronavirus entering Hong Kong Medics shouldn't be the ones paying for the failure of HKGov and 
Highlights | The Chinese pair Chen and Jia book their place in tomorrow’s final after successfully defeating Kim and Kong #HSBCBWFbadminton #ThailandMasters2020 #HSBCRaceToGuangzhou 
Pres of Govt Acct. Inst. stated the Bidens “lied re: Hunter’s dealings with a Chinese invest. firm, "repeatedly " He said they say he wasn't on the board, then say he was, then say he didn't make any money, then say he didn't cash it out yet. BIDENS LIE  …
500 Chinese arrived in Philippines Kalibo Airport and will be sent back to Wuhan China in fear of the corona virus. Good job Kalibo. #Kalibo #CoronaOutbreak #coronaviruswuhan
Wuhan coronavirus: No plans to stop Chinese tourists for now, says Dr M   …
#UPDATE Chinese army deploys medical specialists to the epicentre of the viral outbreak that has killed 41 and spread around the world, as millions spend a normally festive Lunar New Year under lockdown  
When I hear the Chinese exchange student starting to cough across the classroom: 
Happy Chinese New Year! What’s your Starbucks Lucky Drink? 
Can i get 80 follower before february? rt this and i followbck;) Btw, happy chinese new year!
#블랙핑크 #로제 #BLACKPINK #ROSÉ⁠ Happy Chinese New Year 
As of noon, Chinese government has allocated following medical supplies for #Wuhan - 3 million masks - 114k protective suits - 110k pairs of medical gloves - 2,180 pairs of safety goggles The delivery is underway. more:  
#CoronaVirus is from the family of SARS & MERS originated from Wuhan Hubei China Any update @Dr_YasminRashid on what precautions are we taking to screen Chinese Nationals and limiting their movement? 
Happy #ChineseNewYear ! A great Chinese tradition that brings you good luck and happiness. What would you love to get in your red packet? #MiNote10 
Happy Chinese New Year, Doctor! Thank you so much for your support, love and all the precious feedback in the last year. Wish you could keep staying with us and having fun in the  new year! Artist Info: Dishwasher1910 ( @Dishwasher1910) #Arknights 
A HAPPY HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR to all pumpkinheads celebrating! Wherever you are: Have a good one! #ChineseNewYear2020 #Helloween 
It is a new beginning，and we are still standing by YuChun‘s side. Here's a love from Chinese fans @Mickys_KnightCN @mickybaidubar Thank you for the elaborate decoration and help @moochuji #LOVEASIAwithPYCinBKK #fromCHINAtoYUCHUN #박유천 #yuchun #朴有天 
>be chinese citizen >wake up >eat gutter oil noodles >bike to work >nearly get ran over by 10 buses >lock ur bike to a corpse >work for 12 hours, make seven bucks >leave >bike stolen >walk home >home is evacuated >ask about it on wechat >arrested by govt for anti-state propaganda
200125 Ming Dynasty Chinese Tiktok updated @layzhang new year message: Wish your family happiness and everything going to be perfect #LayZhang #Yixing #张艺兴 #장이씽 #레이 #レイ 
Everyone: happy lunar/Chinese New year. Happy spring festival! Me: HAPPY SHO DAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYY 
Happy Chinese New Year 2020 
Happy Chinese New Year. Hope You Get Rich!  …
This plague is punishment for those Chinese game adverts that randomly pop up in-between YouTube videos.
Can’t be chinese new year if there isnt a giant pile of ferrero rochers and random chocs on a side table somewhere #HappyLunarNewYear 
Some friends are holding a joint party for the Chinese New Year and Burns Night called ‘Chinese-Burns Night’ I wasn't keen but they twisted my arm... #ChineseNewYear #BurnsNight #ChineseNewYear2020 #BurnsNight2020
Heartiest felicitations and season's greetings to my Chinese friends on the eve of Chinese New Year. May this year brings happiness, joy and prosperity to all of us. Kung Hei Fat Choy! #ChineseNewYear
Happy Chinese New Year’s Eve but where is my red envelope? 
Conspiracy mind is starting to wonder if the chinese were developing a bio-weapon and we unleashed it against them.
Officials at New York City's Museum of Chinese in America said Friday they fear a fire at a building that housed as many as 85,000 pieces likely destroyed almost the entire collection. 
Happy Chinese New Year Gong Xi Fa Cai
#coronavirus Bill Gates ‘predicted’ #Chinese #coronavirus a year ago with simulation saying 33 MILLION could die in first six  …
AFP is being a bit vague but, shortly after this report, Chinese media said the reported lockdown of Xinyang is not true  …
Happy Chinese New Year. Wait for it @Crhedrys @90sSophie @PDChina #HappyChineseNewYear #HappyChineseNewYear2020 
Japan: - Invades China, says Chinese people are "Japanese" - Invades Korea, says Korean people are "Japanese" - Invades the Philippines, says Filipinos are "Japanese" - Invades Ryukyu, says Ryukyuans are "Japanese" ...and many more! Do we see a pattern here?
Enter Gladys Liu, the Liberal Candidate with a host of concerning connections to the Chinese Government who earns Liberal pre-selection thanks to raising a million dollars in donations. Fairfax then discovered a photo of Liu at her home with Nick Zhao in the back ground.
Whew umabot tayo Chinese New Year!!! Live tomorrow with hosts Robi Domingo Edward Barber Maymay Entrata Sharlene San Pedro!!! A Mighty Sharpunky time live tomorrow!!!  …
Sorry like...please don't glorify Chinese fandom just to make a point. English fandom also does plenty of awesome things! It doesn't make the terrible things they do any worse, all the same as the nice things Chinese fandoms do don't make the bad things any less worse.
#SpyGate Nick Zhao, a Chinese born Australian goes to ASIO telling them he's been offered a $1million from the Chinese Government to run as a Liberal Party candidate and then infiltrate the Australian Parliament as a Chinese Spy. He then turns up dead in a Melbourne hotel room.
When you’re in class and the Chinese foreign exchange student starts coughing 
#SignGate Liberal Candidates Gladys Liu and Josh Frydenberg both have Mandarin signs at polling booths in the colours of the Australian Electoral Commission branding telling Chinese citizens how to vote (by putting 1 next to the Liberal Candidate).
From 2017 Inside the Chinese lab poised to study world's most dangerous pathogens A laboratory in Wuhan is on the cusp of being cleared to work with the world’s most dangerous pathogens.  …
Not to be that guy but Chinese fandom also bullied the scum villian manhua team into cancelling the manhua, bitched about the artist chosen for MDZS manhua when it was  about Modu character designs... All fandoms are bad just be a better person yourself  …
"Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still." — Chinese proverb
First case of #coronovirus found in Vietnam. Please everyone especially in Asia, keep in mind if you can wear masks in public (should have probably worn one yesterday). Chinese fan, hope you all stay safe and healthy ka.  …
#CoronavirusOutbreak #HappyLunarNewYear China tourist  to Malaysia and everyone in southeast asia running to Malaysia. Malaysian in chinese new year: 
A Chinese developer aiming to build a $1.6-billion tourist, residential and  on a Niagara Falls wetland area has been ordered to stop work on the site for violating a regional tree and forest conservation bylaw.  …
关于 #春晚 表演《青春的起点》 About #SpringFestival Gala performance Our show actually involves some elements of magic in it. There will also be some elements of Chinese style plus some television virtual reality technologies #易烊千玺 #JacksonYee #王嘉尔 
today years old as a chinese just to learn gong xi fat choi means hope you get rich  …
Hundreds of Chinese left Nigeria 4 China to celebrate their annual festival –Lunar New Year– to return next week Over 300,000 Chinese are infected Rather than take pro-active measures Govt will rather pray that d Virus does not enter Nigeria until people begin 2 die 
Shoppers wearing surgical masks lined up for groceries at a supermarket in Wuhan as residents were told not to leave the Chinese city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak linked to the death of at least 41 people.  
there are no other medics city locked down，those medics are all the city got and the supply and supporting team are far less from enough thanks to the bloody Chinese gov
 phrase for Chinese youngsters: “gong xi fa cai, hong bao na lai.” Which translates roughly to: “wishing you prosperity, give me a red envelope.” What’s in the envelope? Money. Happy Lunar New Year!  …
chinese new year mood 
[ Happy Chinese New Year everyone! After a long journey Nyan Cheng arrived at the reunion dinner, he is alone no more! Thank you everyone for your concerns.  and join us and feel free to bring your own dishes! Everyone is invited! ] 
[Eng Trans] Happy Chinese New Year from ídolo Thailand idols - Krist Singto — last sentence: Gain (have), in Thai is ‘Mī’. Cute, pronounced similarly with Thai word of ‘eyebrows’. He was simply saying, ‘Have wealth and don’t forgto have eyebrows’ #ทีมพีรญา 
Share it Chinese, kind ppl 
I really like Chinese music  …
Being a Pakistani we should help our all weather friend China in controlling the corona virus hence we request Chinese government to send all infected patients to GHQ Rawalpindi. Our Pak Army can handle anything. Pak Army Zindabad!
URGENT: #CoronaVirus- CAT scan revealed signs of corona virus on 10-year-old #Shenzhen boy’s lungs even though he had no outward symptoms of infection. Chinese doctors are warning the world that the illness may  mask its symptoms in certain cases. #wuhan #ChinaVirus
China has ordered to built an emergency treatment & quarantine Center within 6 days for Corona Virus Outbreak. The workers are paid 3 times the normal wage. Source: Chinese Media
Chinese transport ministry on Sat asked public transportation system to offer green light to necessities and medical equipment sent from across China to support Wuhan as well as medical staff on their way  #nCoV2019 in 
some chinese fucker just coughed beside me and I 
#YellowEconomicCircle #黃色經濟圈 #黃店 A new Chinese Year  kicking off with #LungMunCafe #龍門冰室 Rice cake 年糕. Made in Hong Kong by makers with heart and soul in the process. To be honest, this is really tasty. Kung Hei Fat Choi and San Tai Kin Hong 
I just released an interview I did with the Deputy chairperson of the Communist Party of Kenya. We talked about a lot of interesting topics, from the history of the Communist movement in Kenya, to the CPK's stance on Chinese investments in their country. 
Cannot talk about Chinese excesses on Muslims because the begging bowl will get not get a single Yuan or Dollar if   …
Kisses Delavin goes traditional on Chinese New Year&nbsp;  …
happy chinese new year to all celebrating.
India should actively scan all Chinese imports which could possibly carry #WuhanCoronavirus
Happy Chinese new year 
Chinese New Year fireworks from Kuching City last night! Did you miss it? 
yes you counted right. you counted them nine. there's our chinese king, our to-be father, our best leader, our producer, our co-creative director, our two proud soldiers, our gucci king, our lv king. EXO wishes all their "true" fans a very happy new year 
The world's markets have tanked & people are dying from the Coronavirus & it's 100% Trump's fault. Chinese people in Wuhan have been forced to eat snakes & bats or die of starvation? Why? B/c Trump's trade war forced China to retaliate by not purchasing US agricultural products.
Probably the most downloaded paper in the world this year: Bridge et al’s projection of coronavirus contagion in different Chinese cities  …
Live: A glimpse of Wuhan train station on the very first day of Chinese New Year  …
I am not into this believe of since the Chinese government put millions of Muslims into concentration camps, Hence God is punishing them with this Wuhan virus outbreak. And I am most disappointed that our own  is saying as such.
You've got to give it to the Chinese in the wake of Coronavirus. They knock up a 1000 bed hospital in a few days. Imagine trying to get something like this done in Australia? You'd have govt red tape, protests, the greens winging about an endangered frog living on the premises...
#Coronavirus: No plan to stop Chinese tourists  into the country for now - PM Dr Mahathir 
heya, i made a festive looking colored Dreamcast for Chinese New Year! Comes with DCHDMI 1080p crispy goodness, GDEMU Loader in red, Noctua Silent Fan and all that goodness and luck yo. 
Gong Xi Fa Cai Happy Chinese New Year! @Gardin Bali  …
Today my son’s friend gave him a red envelope filled with chocolate coins in celebration of Chinese New Year. This is one of the many reasons I love the diversity of Canada my child gets to take part in different cultures/customs. #HappyChineseNewYear
Chinese authorities share 1st photos of deadly Coronavirus,Adamus Shiffilis. 
The chunwan performance by Jackson Wang, Jackson Yee and Show Lo consists of magic, Chinese cultural and virtual movie elements 
Gojou-sensei in traditional Chinese New Year costumes. HAPPY LUNAR NEW YEAR! #LunarNewYear2020 #呪術廻戦 
U.K. Prime Minister Boris Johnson points at performers dressed as lions during Chinese New Year celebrations outside 10 Downing Street.  
Last night about 100 #HKCitizens participated in Senior Citizens 30th Anniversary Evening Assembly chanting slogans "Support our Brothers & Sisters" & "Peaceful & Courageous #Prodemocracy Supporters, Together We Stand to the End" in Chinese & sang #GloryToHK 
In the Chinese caption Tzuyu addressed her last message to medical staff/healthcare workers. She’s thanking them for working hard to take care of everyone over the Lunar holidays due to the viral crisis going on right now. Thoughtful and appreciative.  
#Chinese authorities confirm 1st #coronavirus patient cured, discharged from hospital in #Shanghai  
It's Chinese New Year but i'm scared to go out to visit people cause of the Corona Virus that is now in Malaysia. Imma just stay in my room as usual until the virus is destroyed. #WuhanCoronovirus 
Happy Chinese New Year!!! #EQLCNY Event 1 Tag your favourite token on the @BinanceDEX! Winners picked at random! 10,000 EQL Giveaway! Rules: Follow us Like Retweet Tag @Binance_DEX and your favourite token on the exchange! #airdrop #airdrops $btc 
"It is the only — the single most important — repository of New York’s   …
India is spreading rumours that Chinese money is tainted with Corona Virus and can cause an outbreak of virus. They are not aware that we mastered money laundering for such eventualities. ~ PM Imran Khan
200125 JUN weibo update “Happy Chinese New Year!~Wish everyone a safe and sound new year! Hopefully everybody is protection against the disease, and we can conquer it as soon as possible! Wish the country is prosperous and the people are at peace” #준 ⁠ #문준휘 
Happy Lunar New Year everyone! As 2020 is officially the Year of the Rat, Ricky the Rubber Rocket Alolan Rattata is celebrating in style, as well as embracing various aspects of Chinese Culture too. Art by the talented @CalicoPikachu. #ChineseNewYear 
Happy Chinese New Year 2020 hi Good Saturday Golden rat year #byoui photographer 
Happy Chinese New Year, friends!  in the year of this little cutie. G'night 
I really hope you're a terrible scientist and have gotten this horribly wrong.
Coronavirus: How is the Chinese city at the centre of the outbreak coping? 
Russian MFA Spokesperson Maria #Zakharova congratulates our Chinese friends on Lunar New Year – the Spring Festival. We also join in her congratulations! #Russia #China 
Good morning and happy weekend to all of you and of course a pawsome Chinese New Year to everyone celebrating it.I'm expecting a normal Saturday here. No big plans but I'm looking forward for some walkies, belly rubs and salmon, of course. Have a wooftastic time. Woof Woof
'New Year's message from #KimMyungsoo and #ShinYeEun' Today is Lunar (Chinese) New Year! Wish you a very good luck for 2020! KBS World will always be with you :) *ps. Anyone who can read Korean? Guess what they want to say to KBS World fans! 
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program  …
I’m greedy and eating but HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR EVERYONE!! #LunarNewYear #gongxifacai 
Happy chinese new year, Gong Xi Fa Cai! #Imlek
Allah sounds a lot like the Chinese government.
We wish you a prosperous Lunar New Year! Rat is the first of Chinese zodiac, representing a new beginning and also believed to bring surplus. Parades and festivities can be seen throughout the cities. Let us know how you celebrate the new year! 
Gong Hei Fatt Choi, everyone. Happy Chinese New Year! 
Happy Chinese New Year everyone! 
#WangYibo王一博 #王一博 #WangYibo #왕이보 Happy Chinese New Year! 
The three virus patients in Malaysia are all related to a Chinese man who was detected with the virus in Singapore h/t  …
Happy chinese new year gaesss!!!! Gong xi gong xi 
Sorry for the delay, I want to make sure the link does not track back to me. Here is the link to the Chinese WeChat post, if you can read Chinese you follow right away. I made screenshots and will translate the main content before it is censored.  …
It`s Chinese New Year today >< Because of the coronavirus, it`s not safe outside. I stay at home and keep drawing <Sanctify> In the next volume，the plot will go deeper 
On the first day of Chinese New Year, I wear red! Once again, happy Lunar New Year to all y'all bitches who are celebrating this!! 
Chinese people from China when they see any living creature on the streets 
Unfortunate aside: there are increasingly credible rumors (ex below) that Chinese federal officials have been delaying/staggering data releases. That'd be really shitty of them, & I'd hoped it wasn't the case, but it's possible. This surge in cases might be the front end of that. 
It will take the Chinese only 10 days to build a 1,000-bed capacity hospital in Wuhan city, for victims of the #coronavirus outbreak. In 2003- during the Sars epidemic-, 7,000 workers built the Xiaotangshan Hospital in only one  …
Chinese cities bordering Hubei Province (where the #coronarvirus outbreak started) appear to preparing to go into quasi-lockdown mode themselves. #China
Wow... this is just wrenching... The collection warehouse of the Museum of Chinese in America just burned down on this New Year’s Day.  …
A lot of ppl asking what event is today. This one. Chinese New Year. It's in Udonthani, northen Thailand. 4 pm today Thai time ja. #MewGulf #MewSuppasit 
The Chinese government is working hard to build a new hospital within 6 days to effectively isolate people infected with the #coronavirus in #Wuhan City. Chinese Speed, Chinese power, and Chinese love ! 
Trans: Happy Chinese new year. Wish you be rich, lucky and win a million prize lottery. #PlanRathavit #คนของแปลน
Happy Chinese New Year! Here's our #LovePrediction para sa mga pinanganak sa #YearOfThePig 2020 Theme Song : Bawat Daan by @ebedancel x @zephanieodhene Watch the full video here -  
Great... A patient in Lakewood, CO, may have coronavirus. Perspective, though: "While experts are concerned about the Chinese coronavirus outbreak, they also point out that about 200k Americans each year contract flu viruses so severe they lead to hospitalization, w/ 35k deaths"  …
Can we please agree that the Chinese government needs to finally end the exotic animal trade?? No more dogs, cats, porcupines, or other animals. Please!
Gong Xi Fa Cai! The UST Journalism Society celebrates the Chinese New Year! May this Year of the Rat bring you fortune, hope, and positive energy! Graphics by Angeline Tanqueco 
TIL 更歲交子(geng sui jiao zi) which refers to the custom of eating dumplings for chinese new year. 餃子 = dumpling which sounds like 交 = change 子 = 子時 the period of time from 11pm-1am. happy chinese new year!  …
Happy Chinese New Year! Here's our #LovePrediction para sa mga pinanganak sa #YearOfTheHorse 2020 Theme Song : Shanawa (Sana S'ya) by @maymayentrata07 Watch the full video here -  
85,000 Chinese museum artefacts lost in New York fire in Lunar New Year disaster  …
Three Chinese nationals test positive for coronavirus in M'sia, says Health Minister   …
Happy #ChineseNewYear2020 to all our Chinese friends in Maldives, China and across the world. May this be a year of further success and prosperity! @AmbassadorZhang @MRM_Office
Happy Chinese New Year! May this year be more prosperous than ever for everyone 
Easy to imagine Rand Paul or some other showboat politician playing stupid  about this. "These wasteful, opportunistic scientists used public funds to study how we can keep Chinese bats from catching  cold."
Snakes — the Chinese krait and the Chinese cobra — may be the original source of the newly discovered coronavirus that has triggered an outbreak of a deadly infectious respiratory illness in China this winter 
Happy Tết (or Chinese New Year, or whatever you call it in your local language) everyone!!!
I am calling for a total  shutdown of all Chinese people entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what the hell is going on.
hope everyone has a great chinese new year!! 
[] Behind the scenes of THE BOYZ ‘2020 Chinese New Year Greetings’ ~♡ a Thread ♡~ #THEBOYZ #더보이즈 #REVEAL @Creker_THEBOYZ @WE_THE_BOYZ #Sangyeon 
If this is valid then it’s truly heartbreaking What & why is the Chinese government trying to hide what’s really going on with #WuhanCoronovirus  …
Your annual reminder for the lunar new year that the Chinese zodiac exists in Malay culture  …
Happy Chinese New Year! 
stay safe everyone, please avoid unnecessary go-outs. and can the government please send back these mainland chinese to where they actually belong??? jangan la baik tak bertempat sangat  …
Wuhan virus: Malaysia confirms first 3 cases; all patients related to Chinese national who was Singapore's first case  
I made a video about the #coronoavirus outbreak, and how the Chinese government is handling it horribly! Part of the problem is for a long time face masks were banned! Here is the video -  … make sure to subscribe! #wuhan #WuhanCoronavirus #WuhanLockDown
Xin nian quai le, gong xi fa cai! Happy Chinese Lunar New Year 2020, may the year of Rat brings us wealth, health and joy... 
happy chinese new year 
And my boyfriend thinks that the quarantine is all a ploy. Like they closed off that city so it “doesn’t spread to other cities” because it’s about to be the Chinese New Year where millions of tourists will visit China. And make them billions of dollars.
I just heard the Chinese Govt is going to build a hospital in Wuhan in 10 days. Also just announced a treating doctor has died
So I read an article saying Chinese citizens fear that the government isn’t disclosing everything it knows about the virus. When the first case of SARS appeared in China in 2002 the government hid it for four months!
Devastating news. I first went to this archive / museum in 2008 on a field trip. the treasures were not all even catalogued. An incredible loss for everyone and chinese across diaspora, Caribbean / Latin America to the . Looking forward to hearing what will be possible to help.  …
The United States' war on Chinese tech giant Huawei is a clash over who will dominate the next generation of tech: 5G,  chips, and AI. It could trigger the end of a single global internet: 
When you and your friend link up at a Chinese restaurant and you hear a bat coughing 
Amid severe #WuhanPneumonia outbreak, Chinese netizens within ‘The Great Firewall’ are saying: “Now do we all understand that freedom of speech, and freedom of press are interrelated to our lives? ” “And also the importance of the right to vote? ” 
The case of a Chinese student jailed for tweets he sent while studying in America underscores that being overseas is no protection from Beijing’s censors 
4/ we predict the epidemic in Wuhan will be substantially larger by 4 February (191,529 infections; prediction interval, 132,751-273,649), infection will be established in other Chinese cities, and importations to other countries will be more frequent. Our model suggests that..
HAPPY LUNAR NEW YEAR HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR 2020!!! From yours truly, WangXian 
#Tesla has  so local in China! Its WeChat account has a traditional Chinese 红包 (red envelope normally filled with cash and passed out during Chinese New Year). When you touch to open it, you can book a test drive. It's genius! $tsla #新年快乐 #恭喜发财 #红包 
I am not against China and the Chinese, but why people from China (specifically Wuhan) are being allowed to travel? Their visas should be cancelled with immediate effect. That's utter ignorance knowing that this virus is deadly. (1/2)
Chinese gov’t-backed media turns focus away from deadly pneumonia outbreak  … @cmphku #China #WuhanPneumonia #CoronavirusOutbreak
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program  … via @washtimes
From our family at Cathay Pacific to yours, happy Chinese New Year.  the Year of the Rat with your own Chinese New Year wish. Pause the video to receive and share your Fai Chun wish. Kung Hei Fat Choi! 
yay i have another excuse to put these mickey ears on! even though they look like hair buns Happy Chinese New Year to everyone celebrating I wish you harmony and joy for the whole family and may all your  true. 恭喜发财！Have a mice year ahead 
It’s the Chinese New Year of the Rat! With our cute little mice delivering gold coins as a symbol of the Year of the Rat, we wish you a happy and prosperous #CNY2020! #新年快樂 #HappyNewYear 
Wishing humans who celebrate a happy Chinese New Year! 
Happy Chinese New Year! Wish you good health and good luck in  year. Best of luck to people suffering from the disease in Wuhan and other cities. Best of luck to the brave medical staff. Things will improve and we'll be alright! 
From my Vietnamese friend... "My mate has Chinese friends in Wuhan. They told her that actually around 3000 people have died already. I mean if it's only 26, China wouldn't lock down a city of 11 million people and build a hospital with 1000 beds."
Happy Chinese New Year
Oh god. It looks like the entire collection of the Museum of the Chinese in America—all 85,000 irreplaceable items—is lost to last night’s fire. The loss is just breathtaking and terrible.  …
The archives of The Museum of Chinese in America ( @mocanyc)—containing 85,000 artifacts representing 160 years of Chinese American history—has suffered a devastating fire. Please consider supporting them in their monumental recovery and restoration effort: 
Pakistan PM Imran Khan’s parroted denial over Chinese Muslims’ miseries @ImranKhanPTI Hypocrisy over #Uyghur @TahirGora categorically explains @TAGTVCANADA  …
Trust in the Chinese government’s reporting on the Wuhan coronavirus is hampered by Beijing’s  relationship with the truth. 
Curious - given India's extensive metro building programmes, cant these machines be made in India, rather than adding to the Chinese import bill?  …
Many Chinese flying in from Wuhan as the #ChineseNewYear holiday ends. You need to monitor someone for 14 days to confirm that he/she is free from the #CoronaVirus. I hear that health officials at JKIA are just collecting bribes from those traveling from Wuhan.
My presentation at the Arizona Commemorative Air Force Musume has been featured in today’s Arizona Chinese American. #WingsofaFlyingTiger #WillofaTiger 
JUST IN: Malaysia has confirmed three positive cases of coronavirus, Health Minister Dr Dzulkefly Ahmad confirmed, involving a 66 year old grandmother and her two grandchildren aged 11 and 2. All are Chinese nationals
Chinese are obsessed to eat alive meat and this  me to  a 100% vegan POOR CHICKEN 
That’s about a few hundreds more cases confirmed within a day – and that’s arguably only those that got verified by hospital resources, as some chatters on Chinese social media mention difficulty to access treatment at certain overcrowded hospitals. #coronavirus  …
Chinese government know what "Batho Pele" means  …
#China is using the Democrat tactics: trying to blame US for #Coronavirus Why? Bc China repeatedly pledged it would have no—& didn’t have any—biological weapons program! Virus-hit #Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program!  …
Chinese SOE  provide emergency services and SOE pharmaceuticals develop vaccines and accelerate production of test kits and supplies. The socialist system at work literally saving lives.  
JUST IN: Three Chinese visitors who entered Malaysia via Johor Bharu confirmed positive for the coronavirus. #2019_nCov They're relatives of the first case detected in Singapore, Health Minister @DrDzul said, adding they're being treated at the Sg Buloh Hospital.
happy lunar new year! here is a WIP of chinese opera rat 
Dear Chinese people, may you survive this health emergency happening now. We are all part of humanity. It's your government that the world has issues with. Let's hope they stop covering up this crisis so we can all prevent more casualties
Chinese citizens do not require a visa to visit certain U.S. territories, such as the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas Islands. The birth tourism industry is rampant there, with more annual births to Chinese visitors than native residents.  …
The Museum of Chinese in America ( @mocanyc) is one of the best museums in New York City, and this is just  …
For all the laugh & jokes on Chinese by Turkish jihadis under #WuhanCoronavirus - I wouldn't mind them suffering a  …
Earth to Chinese govt “doctors” and propaganda...that’s not called a “cure” of a virus.. it’s a self-limited weathering of a viral storm.  …
"a doctor of Integrated Traditional Chinese & Western Medicine Hospital in Hubei Province was suspected to be infected with the virus. He died  the first death of a medical staff. He was 62." #nCoV2019 #China #coronavirus 
Chinese people be like “this beer taste like shit”, bro you worried about the wrong Corona
when the chinese kid sneezes on your neck when you waiting in line for mcdonalds  …
What colonized education did not teach you - there is a Chinese translation of a Sanskrit text of astronomy! Sad and sorry are the leaders of this civilization who have not enabled its children to learn this. Why can't Indian schools teach this? #MonumentalApathy  …
the unborn guy is on my tv for Chinese New Years 
Eat Bulaga na! Happy Chinese New Year!
I just donated. I used images of Chinese workers and 19th century Chinatowns in their collection as reference for my next book. I hope you can help them out too.   …
A post on #Chinese social media  to slaughter all #Wuhan people got 26692 likes. When 911 happened many Chinese were gloating, When Japan hit by earthquake Chinese shopping malls discounted to celebrate. Where is humanity?! 
Today marks the beginning of a new year in the traditional Chinese calendar. This year's zodiac sign is the Rat. It's expected to bring good luck to almost all other zodiac signs. We wish you a happy Chinese New year! 
This is  perspective. That's why all this new found Mainland Chinese woke-mess almost ONLY FEATURES GAY MEN. It "solves" the wife shortage- provided lesbians don't exist .  …
Don’t mind me, just casually wearing Taylor merch for chinese new year... HAPPY CNY YOU GUYS! @taylorswift13 @taylornation13 
With help from Fosun families' global teams, 240K protective overalls and 200K N95 respirators from around the world are on their way to Wuhan. More medical supplies  Anyone with more resources please contact us seperately. we wish everyone a peaceful Chinese New Year.
If it’s this easy to get trump on tape for 1 hour and 24 minutes just imagine what the Chinese, Russians and Saudis have on this guy. Wow.
Chinese doctors bowing down to an 11 year old boy with brain cancer who saved several lives by donating his organs. 
Chinese people are far more mobile than they were when SARS hit 
February 2017, Nature penned an extensive profile of what it called the "Chinese lab poised to study world's most dangerous pathogens." The location of this BSL-4 rated lab? Why, Wuhan. 
Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program  …
Happy Chinese New Year 
Happy Chinese New Year. Year of the Mouth so let’s declare that JaDine is endgame
Taiwan premier Su Tseng-chang rolls out 3 new policies to prevent the spread of #coronarovirus: halt all China-bound tour groups; refuse all groups from Hubei and require those already in country leave promptly; and call on all other Chinese tour groups to leave ASAP for testing.  …
I didn't know this day  and i'll see siwon using rat filter to greet us a happy chinese new year omghee and his finger heart in the end pyong pyong so cute~ 
春節快樂！！My Queen！！ Always thank you！！ Chinese fans love you #ayumihamasaki #浜崎あゆみ 
If you wanna crack down on birth tourism, don’t give visas to pregnant applicants. Millions of Chinese  to the US to give birth and obtain citizenship for their babies. This is criminal!!!
Note that this is from Chinese state media.. so.. it is “official” but if it’s true- nobody can confirm that. -@ASBreakingNews
Inside the Chinese lab poised to study world's most dangerous pathogens : Nature News & Comment (from 2017). Wuhan... Remind me where I’ve heard that name. (H/t ⁦  …
We’ve verified on Chinese media, this isn’t a recovery case like the other ones, this is actually a case where the person was receiving some type of new treatment (undisclosed) and was allegedly genuinely cured. - @ASBreakingNews
