This breaks my heart: a Chinese woman just messaged me on Instagram saying that she feels like Americans hate Chinese people and hate her now. I said WHAT? NO! This is everyone’s virus. This is a global issue. We are such a screwed up world...makes me sad.
There's no doubt he's alternately hidden and lied about his dealings with the Chinese. There's no doubt he ignored intelligence which—had he accepted it—would have affected trade negotiations in the trade war he started (he said) to gain leverage over the Chinese. And much more.
Thank you @RepGosar Dear Mr. President @realDonaldTrump Please listen to the American workers & Stop H1B, H4, L1, B1 OPT indian and Chinese fraud, Abolish H1B @Troup1998 @Dawnnewyorker @michellemalkin @4US_Workers @LouDobbs @TuckerCarlson  …
Cruz to introduce legislation targeting Chinese state-owned propaganda station  …
Miss dancing with them :(( Chinese Dance will never be the same bsta wala sila :(( 
#Sena updates Weibo with new pics 
Harvard #CCP Big Pimp Prof. William P. Alford threatened Chinese dissidents over a conference on the #CCP cause it "would embarrass the University and potentially threaten the continuation of collaborative programs and joint research with China." #WarRoomPandemic 
"YOU'RE A FED. THE KIM FAMILY HAVING ALL THE WEALTH AN POWER AS THE COMMON WORKER IS STARVING IS ACTUALLY SOCIALIST. MUH KOREAN WAR JUSTIFIES THE BRUTAL DICTATORSHIP. CCP BILLIONAIRES AND OLIGARCHS ARE ACTUALLY GOOD FOR THR WORKING CLASS JUST READ THIS CHINESE WEBSITE" - Tankie 
A Chinese man creates his own "flying motorcycle" 
It's wild how so many Americans view the outsourcing of domestic manufacturing to China over the past 25 years as some devious Chinese plan for domination rather than a strategy by which the American ruling class exploded its profit margin by exploiting global inequality
Three small but nicely marked moths from last night in Laois: Least Black Arches, Chinese Character, and V Pug. All ffy. 
I’m not calling this a MAGA cap anymore. I’m calling it a Chinese Hat, because that’s where  from. 
I’ll never sit on this social sites like I need a nigga love....bitch I’m well-loved
It's interesting and frightening, the Democrat Party and the media operate exactly like the Chinese Communist Party.
First of all, who asked you to love us? Without the CCP, there would be no new China, there would be no today's Chinese people, without the CCP, we Chinese will always be bullied and exploited by the West... 
Joe Biden forgot the name of Chinese President Xi Jinping. 
Happy 80th birthday Al Pacino! He's pictured at his imprint ceremony in 
Feel like shit, just want Chinese back 
The only thing you care about is Chinese Yuan!!!!! 
i feel like the purpose of the account was to show how ignorant the majority chinese are towards the malay and  in singapore but i guess there were people who didn’t get it. rip sharon liew my chinese queen  …
watching all the drama unfold on twitter after my revision session today 
Saturday night! Time for Chinese dumplings! Nom nom nom 
Africa, No more patronage of Chinese goods! 
This  from you? Unironically?
this is the bat the chinese man in wuhan ate 
Today marks the 31st birthday of Gedhun Choekyi Nyima, fondly known to Tibetan Buddhists as the Panchen Lama. In 1995, the Chinese government kidnapped the Panchen Lama, when he was just 6 years old, making him the world’s youngest political prisoner. CHINA: RELEASE HIM NOW! 
China has not shared any #COVID19 virus or clinical samples to the best of our knowledge. The United States is calling on the Chinese Communist Party to be transparent with the world so that we  the #coronavirus and prevent future pandemics of this 
Mom, Dad,I miss you guys so much, I miss my home, please take me out from here.I don’t know where did the Chinese solders take you, I don’t know you can find me or not.I am in pain, my heart is pain 
FCC Chairman @AjitPaiFCC is right! China is a THREAT and cannot be trusted — China must be BLOCKED from our  infrastructure — our national security & economic power depend on technological  …
Chinese internet users love to shop. About half of online Chinese (52% +) have used the internet to buy products in the past 12 months. 
a second grader wrote this in response to a classmate saying they don’t like chinese people because of the virus 
We want to thank the Chinese Education and Culture Center for the amazing lunch they provided for our staff this past Friday. Thank you for thinking of the employees at DPH, it was a pleasure spending time with you! 
Fuck the CCP 
It’s time to stop  like Huawei, that are controlled by or beholden to the Chinese Communist Party, from infecting Canada’s critical telecom and national security infrastructure. At this point it should be clear: they simply cannot be trusted. 
A traditional Chinese picnic. 
Attempted a crispy chilli beef tonight as I’ve been craving Chinese so bad! Surprised how well it came out. 
We only knew about internet scamsters. ..Now see their equipment. We blamed Africans for these crimes as calls  from Nigeria Uganda Kenya etc...You will be surprised to know that most of these rackets are run by chinese on tourist visa 
Kim Jong-Un allegedly dead by a Chinese based journalist after a heart surgery. 
The Chinese police didn't allowed Africans to go inside supermarkets to buy their children's food. Happening in CHINA now (LIVE). WATCH AND SHARE 
Trump’s tough on China bluster obscures the fact he owes tens of millions to the Bank of China which is in effect the Chinese Government. No US bank will lend to him anymore because of his multiple bankruptcies. The loan is due in 2022.
do my homework outside like a bAD BITCCH??? u know 
my mans brought over 200 mg ice cream and a literal BOX of takeout chinese 
The Chinese virus helped everyone forget about the Chinese pay offs to Hunter Biden
Fuck the Chinese fuckers 
After years of pushback from students and staff, MIT has ended a research collaboration with a Chinese  that supplies technology for surveilling Muslims in Xinjiang. 
one day you  back sha
The same 
Why are we worried about the Chinese virus when we have Obamacare?
Ore 22:11 morra cinese in timeline 
Chinese  nuclear-powered submarine  
This collide between Germany bike and Chinese car, tell us, be grateful which Covid-19 wasn’t appear from germany #Happy_Ramadan 
After being evicted from their residences in some cities like Guangzhou some Africans became targets of racial discrimination in China. Some are even attacked by Chinese people on the streets Racist Chinese Viruses Goodwin Kim Jong-un 
As everyone knows, China is not racist. It is just that China does all the things that racists do, which would be racist if the Chinese were white!
 … Some Chinese scientists had foretold on Jun 27 2019, that China would have a plague in winter solstice in 2019. Either they're psychic, or the Chinese know something that we don't. #ChinaLiesPeopleDie #MakeChinaPay
I’m a catch my blessings Why? because I take care of my kid with a fucking passion
Chinese gay date: ON THE ROOF #theuntamed 
Did you know: Hunter Biden still owns a 10% stake in an investment firm partially owned by the Chinese Government ...The same firm he said he resigned from in October 2019. Why isn’t the mainstream media all over this? If his last name were Trump I’m sure they would be
Under this judge’s theory, we lost jobs because of #COVID19. Can we attack Chinese ? If I care the hurt of that Chinese, will i show a noble spirit? It is definitely wrong ! This judge is nonsense. Blinded by his personal hate.
Asian-owned San Jose businesses have been targeted in a serial drive-by vandalism campaign, including a number of Lee’s Sandwiches banh mi stores A reminder that “anti-Chinese” hate crimers don’t stop to check the heritage of their victims before criming  …
The country's founder Kim Il Sung and the Korean Worker's Party led the charge in mobilizing the masses into rebuilding what was lost, with Chinese, Soviet, and East German assistance. In the 1960's, the DPRK was called the economic miracle of east Asia.  
youre mhachi shilling? mhachi shilling and mhachi 
Here's 100 trillion dollars. Keep the change.  
im starting to think China is not a safe place unless you're 'Chinese' 
Ordered chinese food from Grubhub ~20 mins go by~ My order gets cancelled by Grubhub Placed another order of chinese food from a different restaurant ~30 mins go by~ I legit just had two delivery men shoulder to shoulder knock on my door with separate orders of chinese food.
I really want this phone but my dad is staunchly against it, saying he won't watch me waste my money on "cheap Chinese crap" and I truly don't know how to tell him that Huawei is like....leading the world in technology 
*Me, deleting "UC browser" as it is a Chinese app.. *Then realised my phone is also Chinese. *Me to my phone: 
yunho world 
Lang Ya Bang is still the best Chinese TV series. 
“China should not be able to set up shop in Mexico and blanket America with propaganda.” Sen. @TedCruz plans to introduce a bill that would plug a loophole exploited by the #CCP to beam #Propaganda into the US from a radio station in  …
If you are scared to eat food from a Chinese food takeaway delivery service/look at Chinese people differently on the street etc because of this corona crisis, you are ignorant!! Don't be racist.
When you get Chindian food cravings, you make some! Main is Quarantine se Master chef banke niklungi! 
someone cashapp me $5 i’m trying to buy chinese food 
emotional support Chinese takeout 
Chinese girl 
Right now, what I miss most is Chinese Food... I’d lay waste to some Moo Goo Gai Pan right now. 
highkey wanna do high school all over again but ig teen te asian #topless preparing for and chinese fucking 
Baby tries chinese ink haha ! (featuring a 
More and more of the antibody studies  out and showing for months that millions of people have already had the Chinese virus. This means we should be way past Phase 3 and in the phase of normal life. #OpenArizona
SOMEONE BOUGHT OUR STORE CHINESE FOOD :"0 
Chinese tonight - chicken fried rice, Szechuan prawns , hoisin pork ribs. ( also sesame toast & duck spring rolls). 
With 49 FDA-approved pharmaceutical plants scattered across the island, Puerto Rico is home to Astra Zeneca, Abbott-Abbvie, Bristol-Meyers Squibb, Merck, Pfizer, Eli Lilly and numerous  …
When the Chinese doc turned up in N.Korea 
I been like BEEN BEEN had...all my life
cpdp with my chinese bro from another father <3 
The Chinese, a great bunch of lads. 
The Chinese embassy released a music video entitled "Iisang Dagat" with Imelda Papin a Vice Governor of Camarines Sur pa yan. It is a bullshit propaganda act to mislead people about the occupied islands in WSP. This is an insult to the country itself. #StandWithFisherFolk 
Sign up at  and send Congress a message to investigate China’s role in covering up the virus, bring manufacturing of critical supplies back to the US, make China pay its fair share at the UN, support Taiwan & require universities to disclose Chinese funding 
#2020WasFunUntil Chinese decided to eat Pangolins 
Why doesn't someone just ask Dennis Rodman if Kim Jong Un is dead or alive, he probably has more Intel than both the US and Chinese governments on the subject..
It is past time for all of us to stop funding China. BOYCOTT CHINESE PRODUCTS — ALL OF THEM! 
I hate to carry ppl that I know love me but once it’s up there....I HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU GTF
. @SecPompeo: The biggest threat isn’t our ability to work with #China on cyber; it’s to make sure that we have the resources available to protect ourselves from Chinese cyber attacks. 
#FOCUS_ON_NTHRO0M Chinese ver 
It think its time we start calling COVID 19 by its full name just to remind these Chinese where it all started. "CHINESE ORIGINATED VIRUS DISEASE 2019"
Why was Chinese doctors in Nigeria and they mistreating Africans in China? Do you ever ask why they exhibit Africans as animals yet wouldn't leave Africans countries alone. 
Engineers at work; Bridge ready  Chinese days are numbered 
Hoy Bunker Sessions 7 
when i first knew Dilireba, i found it hard to believe that she’s chinese. I thought she was european 
No to Chinese racism and looting of African resources  …
Africans home and abroad have said NO to Chinese racism towards Africans and black people in general! If you too are saying NO to this racist behaviour in China; RETWEET for a NO to Racism! 
not new, just want new frennies -lia lmao litrally my dn -switch aight -s/h -16 in 2 mos. -18+ plEAS dni -lmao im talkative -philo/chinese ↻ fb ♡ dm 
An EU report about Chinese and Russian disinformation on coronavirus was watered down after pressure from Beijing 
SICK! Elizabeth NJ Mayor (Traitor) Bollwage has partnered with the Chinese Company DJI for surveillance activities and failure to surrender your privacy  with drone orders? $1000 fine.   … 
VERY MANY FUKING IDIOT GO TO GOLDEN BIRD TAKEAWAY HOUSE FOR CORONAVIRUS IN WAIT SO I SAY COME TO SILVER STAR FOR SOCIAL DISTANT CURRY DELIVER MAN AND BE VERY  – at Hartlepool Marina
#ItsJayparkDay Love from Chinese jwalkerz 
Day 9,000 of no Chinese food and the neighbors cat is looking pretty General Tso-ish right now, not going to lie.
Chinese food would hit rn 
This is what Chinese are doing to kenya , African leaders are selling us slowly to china ,one day we will wake up and our lands are gone,ports gone because of debts #AfricaWakeUp #Kenya 
Sylveon Origins: Sylveon is based on 2 characters from Chinese mythology, Chang'e and the moon rabbit. Chang'e is the moon goddess, and  is the rabbit that lives on the moon. When Westerners gaze at the moon, they see "the man on the moon," but Chinese see a rabbit. 
MekBoss looking like from some chinese romance dramas in the 90s 
These r what chinese embassy in bangkok posted on their facebook to reject all suspicions on the internet i ll translate them later if i have time 
“YOUR DOG SPEAKS CHINESE?!” - Eric Nam ft. Amber Liu’s dog
200425 JUNMYEON IG LIVE Junmyeon: I'm here after the fansign~ After doing the fansign, I'm back home! While doing the fansign, with Chinese fans, they said fans have missed EXO lots and they're supporting my solo album lots with events and all! I wish to say thank you!
Africans SAY NO TO CHINESE 
#Stay home stay safe#fight against Chinese virus 
#WatchAlita alita is the one who construct a unprecedented harmonious family in Chinese fan, she needs sequel!! 
Why can't the Chinese virus be called the Chinese virus, but China says this is African horse sickness ? Racism ?  …
It's disgusting to see harassment of Australians, on Australian soil, orchestrated by the Chinese Communist Party Including the Chinese Australians who will invariably suffer from growing anti-China sentiment, fuelled by actions like this. Exactly what the CCP wants I guess 
Chinese medical staff has been send to North Korea 
#2020WasFunUntil Until the Chinese started speaking Xhosa and our ancestors were not impressed with that and decided not to protect us from this corona thing 
She - “I like Chinese Food.” Me - 
FCC Signals Likely Revocation of Four Chinese Telecom Firms’ Licenses - Bravo to Team Telecom in beginning to protect US National Security. Responses from the  will be Oscar worthy. Get your popcorn ready! Huawei and ZTE...you’re NEXT  …
Chinese Drama Quotes: 
Chinese #steel demand surge is not sustainable as it was driven by restocking and and pent up demand (Iron ore prices  under 
Government has limitations and cannot impose a ban on Chinese products. Indians have the power to Slow poison China's economy 
Recorded Love. This is LeeTay fanfiction book written by a Chinese LeeTay girl. #LeeTay 
Introducing 2ha cause it's time ya'll actually should read this novel! - 2ha/Erha: Is a Chinese novel written by Meantbun. Also known as "The Husky and his White cat Shizun". It's also getting a live action. Details and links in  
Every Chinese student who’s staying in the UK will receive / has already received this little bag with some masks and Chinese medicine from the Chinese Embassy, the line on the package says ‘China is always by your side’. 
Thanks Chinese friend for medical teams & medical supplies to Cambodia for curbing the spread of #Covid19 pandemic. The ties of friendship between the both countries are stronger as steel 
Chinese loans are a sham, counterfeit, fake only intended to enslave African countries through stringent measures in loan repayments. Thank you president magufuli for rejecting their loan like "Chinese virus!" Ruto, north korea, kanye 
The nerve "Iisang Dagat" remember the Filipino fishermen were attacked by Chinese vessels. We will never forget! 
Take a look at the label before purchase. Boycott Chinese products together. 
Some people are ruthless to get ten euro of their Chinese my god 
Wild if true. Japanese magazine reports Kim Jong Un may be in a vegetative state after doctors struggled to insert stents in his arteries following a collapse. Source is one Chinese medical official.  …
#boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs  Alibaba hold 42% share so what about 
Africans are being targetted in China, dragged out of their places of work, schools & hotels, humiliated & treated like filth & forced into quarantine or detention. Meanwhile the  here & are treated like royalty because they have money. It is time to THROW THEM OUT!
how is he chinese if hes from north korea 
Covid_19 is a Chinese Virus. Yes we are maintaining social distancing, but now time  to maintain #EconomicDistance with China. 
Chinese medical staff has been send to North Korea 
[BREAKING] Lesbian Chinese billionaires Zhao Xiaotang and Yu Shuxin marry, making them the richest couple alive. 
just Taehyung and Yoongi trying not to laugh while singing a chinese song. 
This is shameless and barbaric. Why are Africans being singled out in this way in China? Why can't we do the same to the Chinese that are here? Africa needs STRONG and EDUCATED leaders that will not take nonsense from foreigners regardless of how much money or power they have!  …
#boycott_china_mncs ban in Chinese products.. 
V : Yes, We don't say too much, we will sing first! SG : Ok Go ahead.. "Two tigers " by 'VRANG' V & SG : (Singing Chinese song ) SG : Ok today's "Children's plaza" is done! V & SG : We were ShoopD and V RANG @BTS_twt
I have deleted my tiktok(chinese app) account . Hope you will also do the same . 
The Czech Republic put up signs about the 1989 Tiananmen Square Massacre for their Chinese tourists. via /r/pics  
IISANG DAGAT mv but make it a montage of headlines about Chinese bullying in Philippine seas #IisangDagat 
I strongly boycott Chinese products #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs #boycott_china_mncs 
Please Give a support , boycott Chinese MNCs #BoycottChina 
The Chinese authorities were alerted to the threat the #coronavirus outbreak posed when human-to-human transmission was confirmed early December, just as they were about to sign a trade deal with the USA ending the damaging standoff between the two countries. Was the reason 1/4
IMELDA PAPIN IS CANCELLED. Propaganda again from ANOTHER LADY CALLED IMELDA! Do the Chinese & Papin want to thank COVID19 frontliners? Or do they want us to forget that China "stole" our seas—w/  EXCUSE ME! WALANG 'IISANG DAGAT'—THERE'S ONLY 1 WEST PH SEA! 
Why on earth is Suria, a Malay medium channel, playing a Korean drama series with English and CHINESE subtitles??? 
#NorthKorea #KIMJONGUNDEAD Chinese troops massing on the border of China to secure it. US has 30,000 troops at DMZ. 
RT this if you care about indigenous development & making the anti-pandemic fight more effective by rejecting faulty Chinese kits. Use the hashtag: #SupportIndiantestkits
You guys, it's happening again, while we're busy with one chart we got overtaken in another chart, Powerstar is very important, go vote now if you can, captcha is in Chinese  
Thank you! That’s so pretty. A Chinese Danity also opened a shop of Daniel’s clothing, any danity ACNH player could also check it out. 
Linda: “She may look Chinese....” DA: “May Ling IS Chinese...” Linda: 
When I first learned to write Chinese #calligraphy 
The human rights website Bitter Winter highlighted the trend of Chinese Communist persecution against members of the Three-Self Patriotic Church, the legal Protestant church in China. Officials reportedly demolished one of these churches on Easter. 
###Boycott Chinese products ######Boycott Chinese products 
please fucking report this disgusting fucking post and his profile too. this ugly white man made this horrible racist post toward the Chinese it's sickening. instagram not taking it down for some reason 
Ton Ren Tang, a 360-year-old apothecary that once served China's emperors, is now a major Chinese medicine chain with over 1,000 outlets. 
#百妖谱 #HundredDemonManual a Chinese animation/donghua,which is adapted from the novel of the same name. i also wanna have such a cute grey fox 
Definitely money well spent. Because there nothing better to do nowadays than sing along the #CCP propaganda.  #IisangDagat
There's a lot of Chinese fans supporting him. #동성 #서동성 
finally 
Shocking Report: Dr. Anthony Fauci Helped Chinese Biowarfare Lab CREATE The Coronavirus with U.S. Tax Dollars!  … #realDonaldTrump via @SentinelWdc
A Chinese-funded music video promoting goodwill and expressing support to the Philippines’ fight against the new coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has backfired and instead angered Filipinos who have seen it.  …
The Chinese Embassy's "Iisang Dagat" song is nothing but an insult to the Filipino people especially the fisherfolk. China is a traitor and will never be our friend. No friend steals from you while you are still battling a pandemic. #StandWithFisherfolk #AtinAngPinas 
Million Dislike Challenge for this Stupid Chinese Propaganda!  Imelda Papin sucks! #IisangDagatMillionDislikeChallenge  
Wuhan pneumonia should be called SARS-2 after severe acute respiratory syndrome, the Chinese-originated pandrmic in 2003. But the Chinese Communist Party forced WHO to call it Covid-19 to avoid  Tell the truth about CCP
Remember when India & China were abt to fight a war in Dokalam, RaGa along with national Damad Robert Vadhera were secretly meeting Chinese ambassador. Probably fixing a land deal in proposed Chinese Occupied India. 
just remembered chinese delivery is a thing i’m so hungers 
The Russians And The Chinese Are Your Enemy  
me: i like kpop. locals: so what you’re saying is you’re obsessed. you want to be korean. you will learn korean and move to korea to be with those chinese boys. you hate your own country. you will do anything to be with them. you are a crazy a koreaboo. i am in disbelief.
 child size face mask donation. Over 300 pieces went to 40 families in need, either through self pickup or volunteer delivery. Stay safe and 
The Chinese financial investments that end up funding President Trump’s office buildings are the mirror image of the trade deficit that has cost the United States millions of jobs. 
WHY IS SHE IN THE SECOND PLACE LIKE SHE DOESNT EVEN SPEAK CHINESE . 
"The next time President Trump brings up Hunter Biden’s connection to a Chinese bank or starts railing against the Chinese government, somebody should ask him about his own debt to China." #DonTheCon  …
Absolutely nobody: Chinese butchers: 
China lied about the virus Joe Biden did nothing China took advantage of the U.S. on trade Joe Biden did nothing China militarized the South China Sea Joe Biden did nothing It makes one wonder if Hunter Biden's deals with the Chinese are why Joe is so soft on China!
I saw the stories/tweets about how Trump owes money to Bank of China. I looked at the WSJ story from 2012, when the deal was arranged: "In November, Bank of China became the first Chinese lender to participate in the sale of  securities."
I’m seeing more and more stories of American (and Australian) universities failing to defend basic principles of open expression on their own campuses for fear of offending Chinese government. This  wrong and shortsighted.  … h/t @GabrielRossman
MISTER MAGAA. He's old. He's white! He's got hardly any sight! He's our hero todaaay. His sidekick is tan. He's a Chinese Man. He gets beaten up and blaaamed! This racism-reinforcing cartoon show was on TV in the early 1960s. #MAGAtvShows 
It’s cool the original Full O Bull addressed what happened at the Fresno location. But, I’m just disappointed it happened at all. Reminder: racism is never ok. It is not the Kung Flu, it is not the Chinese coronavirus, it’s #COVID19 and let’s stop saying it’s a joke 
Y’all. It took me 42 days, but today I realized that I can kayak to pick up Chinese food. 
Does #BodyLanguage Prove W.H.O. Helped China Cover Up COVID-19 Escaping From A Chinese Lab? 
32/ It is in this context—(1) Trump owing the Chinese $200+ million; (2) having them as a major renter bringing him tens of millions; (3) he and his family knowing they want to cut a clandestine deal; (4) him having coupled personal and U.S. policy and tried to hide it... {cont.}
29/ Trump makes tens of millions of dollars renting to the Chinese—and one of his biggest payments was up for renegotiation in October '19, the month he talked about leverage over the Chinese and demanded dirt on his top political rival. But there's some context to consider here.
27/ In Trump's public statements, he has said that the money Hunter Biden received in China somehow implicates Joe Biden in corruption involving the Chinese government—an accusation that follows Trump's career-long pattern of accusing others of whatever he himself has been doing.
26/ Pillsbury: "I got quite a bit of background on Hunter Biden from the Chinese." The FINANCIAL TIMES reports "[it] relate[ed] to a $1.5bn payment from the Bank of China"—which "matches the amount Trump last week claimed Hunter Biden received from China."  …
22/ So in June 2019, Trump had a call with Chinese president Xi Jinping in which he talked about a trade war he (Trump) had started—a war which gave him leverage over China—and Biden's political prospects. And then Trump's team worked feverishly to hide what Trump had said to Xi.
Check like E-learning for Ghana be plenty assignments.
19/ It was in this context—in the middle of a trade war with China *Trump started*—that Trump spoke with Chinese president Xi Jinping in June 2019 and did something a U.S. president never does: discussed *both* U.S. policy and his political rival (Biden).  …
SCOOP: @SenTedCruz Moves to Shutdown Chinese Propaganda Outlet Phoenix TV -- New bill would close FCC loopholes allowing the outlet to broadcast Communist propaganda into the U.S. from a radio station in Mexico  …
18/ But it's more than just trademarks: Trump *owes the Chinese government hundreds of millions of dollars*. And the Trump-China scandal coincides with some of those  due and some of Trump's  *from* China entering a period of uncertainty.  …
17/ That's right: Trump—and Ivanka—get valuable Chinese trademarks in a way that appears timed to coincide with Trump's decisions on issues in which the Chinese government is invested. In this we see the *same trend* as with his pro-Kremlin foreign policy.  …
(THREAD) This thread summarizes the major-media investigative reporting on the TRUMP-CHINA SCANDAL, a bribery scandal involving Trump's hunt for dirt on Joe Biden in China, his debts to the Chinese government, and his decision to ignore life-saving COVID-19 intel. Please RETWEET. 
Fall down 7 times. Stand up 8. Chinese proverb 
A Chinese Ship Crew have pleaded guilty to attempted murder for throwing 2 Tanzanian stowaways (men who hid on their ship) into the shark-infested Indian Ocean in South Africa. They claim they did so over the fear of Coronavirus. South Africans at Zinkwazi Beach rescued them. 
But you asked “does she work for Canada or China”? That’s very different. You questioned her loyalty to Canada, as if she knowingly put Canadians in danger to serve the Chinese government. Do you believe that? Do you know the nasty history of the dual loyalty canard?  …
ATTENTION: A picture is emerging—across 10 major-media investigative reports—of the COVID-19 outbreak in the U.S. as a bribery scandal in which Trump looked the other way on intel about the virus in November in order to placate Chinese lenders and get political dirt on Joe Biden.
Billions in U.S. Troop’s retirement savings are inadvertently funding the Chinese military. Read that again. WE ARE FUNDING THE CHINESE MILITARY. This is a disgrace.  …
#RacismInChina Chinese people meet with Africans who lodged in hotels, demanding that they quarantine somewhere else. 
Chinese police officer insulting an African man in China. The man showed him his passport after he requested to see it. 
Me during early January:: this covid 19 pandemic won't last, na Chinese product. Covid 19:: 
NEW: The FCC just gave 4 Chinese state-owned telecom operators 30 days to prove they're not Chinese state-owned telecom operators. In other words: expect imminent license revocations.  …
Trump is owned. 15 times he praised the Chinese response and told the American people there was nothing to worry about. He was looking to save face in his backfiring, farm killing trade war. Corrupt doesn’t even begin to describe it all. MAGA =50,000 dead and a shattered economy.  …
Plus since he did not release his tax returns, the Chinese government knows more about Trump’s finances than the people voting on his re-election campaign. #Resign45
The World Health Organization was a willing  to the Chinese Communist Party's coverup scheme, playing a critical role in spreading their lies and misinformation. As the single largest contributor to the WHO, we MUST hold them accountable.  …
China successfully pushed EU officials to remove references to China's "global disinformation" campaign from a report published today. “The Chinese are already threatening with reactions if the  out,” wrote one EU officials earlier this week.  …
#BREAKING Some Chinese News Outlets are reporting the death of Kim Jong Un. 
China is heavily involved in Trump’s business empire: Trunp loans A Chinese state-owned construction co. is helping build the Trump World Golf Club in Dubai Ivanka rec’d Chinese trademarks the day Trump met w/ Xi Jinping #JaredKushner sought Chinese financing [Guardian] 
Trump said he used a #COVID19 press briefing to lie to reporters about bleach just for shits and giggles. ...and with that the last remaining shred of US moral standing to criticize Chinese misinformation withered away, much like lung tissue would if you injected it with bleach.
fyi dream’s 300k preorders are 판매량, actual sold orders that we calculate through info from chinese bars and ktown4u. we still don’t know their 선주문량, anticipated/shipped preorders. these are preorders that  sends in expectation of sales, but aren’t sold (yet)
#BREAKING: Beijing-backed satellite TV channel’s vice director, also a niece of a chinese foreign minister, has claimed that Kim Jong Un is dead. She says that she got told this from a «very solid source». She also has over 15 million followers on Weibo 
Did you know? Confucius Institutes are Chinese state-funded organizations at schools in the U.S. & around the world claiming to promote Chinese language & culture. But even #CCP leader Li Changchun has described them as "an important part of China's overseas propaganda set-up."
As part of our effort of COVID-19 relief, we are working with musicians from Long Island music Conservatory and American World Artist Association to offer live streaming Concert 7:30PM every Friday. The Healing Power of Music Therapy. #StrongerTogether2020 
Bruce Lee in “Chinese Connection 3D" DVD! Does anyone own a Copy? I’m looking for a DVDCopy: 
toby - 22 / any prns / chinese - personal acct and rt   
What the fucking hell, Philippines? Did China even apologize for making our nation suffer due to the #ChinaVirus? China is making our lives miserable and we say sorry to them?FUCK!  …
Niggas real digust me with so many bitch ways...shit annoy me on another level
SHOULD NANCY PELSOI BE ARRESTED? Spray Lysol 1st People have been arrested for spreading germs because of the CHINESE VIRUS going around! They would call for President Trump to be removed from office if he was out spreading germs like her. RIGHT? 
4. Why can’t the DRC get a damn break? Over 150 years of hell thanks to colonialism and outside interference by the West, the Chinese government, and corporations that have done nothing than profit off of the blood and work of the Congolese people.
Russian arab + chinese . Hby? 
Chinese drama 1. My roommate is a detective Bromance . 
asking twice to close to begging for me
When Nehru - Zhou Enlai summit was held in Delhi in 1954, China did not even have an aircraft to fly in its premier. An Air India flight was sent to bring him to Delhi. Today Chinese economy is 4 times that of India's. Who ruined us in last 70 years?
chinese style dress ? 
Evening study is my favorite English class I met my favorite Chinese teacher after school good nite~ 
In the past 50 years, Vietnam managed to defeat US imperialism, beat back a Chinese invasion, end the Khmer Rouge genocide, and handle coronavirus better than any other government.
#ItsJayParkDay Happy Birthday！！！JayPark SEX4EVA！！！From Chinese Fans Love 
Thanks Visit your nearest Chinese embassy to collect $300k scholarship grant. Will personally  you to any Chinese university.  …
With more than 300k preorders so far from only Ktown4u and Chinese bars, @NCTsmtown_DREAM will likely have their highest first day sales yet with #NCTDREAM_RELOAD On top of that Reload might also surpassed the entire We Boom sales on Hanteo on their first week (or even 1st  …
#NCTDREAM_RELOAD • 24/4 pre-order sales numbers Ktown4u: 112,039 Various Chinese Bars: 243,974 (45,005 has been ordered via Ktown4u) Total: 311,008 Reload has surpassed 300K pre-orders @NCTsmtown_DREAM
Sah Big NO to Chinese Products - Bloody Rogue !! 
My Chinese restaurant just opened back up so that's where I'm spending my stimulus check.
cube brings yanan back > chinese fans are happy again > yanan is in next cb > chinese fans buy 100k copies > ptg  top sellers in korea > ptg 1st win > ptg world domination
nct dream bars / chinese fans sales update yay 
Islam and other religions are protected by China's constitution. There are many Islamic colleges and universities in China, such as Xinjiang Islamic Scripture college and Xinjiang Islamic Scripture school. Books of Islam are translated and published in multiple languages. 
Chinese firm now owns most of Kingston Freeport  …
So the Chinese Embassy has a song dedicated to the fight of Filipinos against Coronavirus entitled IISANG DAGAT?? My country is currently suffering from a virus that originated from your country’s irresponsibility & you have gall to use this time for propaganda? Fuck Beijing. 
Doyoung is the sweetest ㅠㅠ he actually spoke in Chinese for a cfan who won the YES24 event ㅠㅠㅠㅠ “I miss you, thank you.” 
Pre-order sales for #NCTDREAM_RELOAD from various Chinese Baidu Bars from 14/4 to 23/4: 14/4: 19,561 15/4: 16,225 16/4: 15,833 17/4: 13,405 18/4: 16,912 19/4: 18,376 20/4: 45,093 21/4: 20,613 22/4: 23,833 23/4: 35,540 Total: 225,391 @NCTsmtown_DREAM
The 'SuperM-Beyond the Future' concert on 4/26 -Premiere stages of new songs -A new  AR  -Subtitles service (English, traditional Chinese, simplified Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Vietnamese, Indonesian, Spanish and Portuguese)
We don’t hate chinese people, we hate chinese dictatorship.
Blockbuster story on Trump's deep financial debt to China. - $200MM loan from the state-owned Bank of China - State-owned Chinese developers building Trump properties in UAE and Indonesia - Chinese government awarded several trademarks to  …
Kang-Tao is a young  specializing in smart-gun technology and security services. It's making its way to the top of the weapon industry at a tremendous pace thanks to bold choices, courageous strategy, and government backing. 
I am so troubled by the cavalier way that the Chinese treat us. Why do people not understand that this is a cold war...
Also: "Chinese  are constructing two luxury Trump developments in UAE and Indonesia. The president and his daughter...have been awarded trademarks by China’s government...Jared Kushner, has courted Chinese investors in at least one other real estate deal."
When ur friend asks you for help in chinese calligraphy, but little did they know you were that kid being sent to calligraphy contests 
Birmingham using Chinese reaction as we see teams spraying chemicals on seats and buildings. Chinese even used drones to spray toxic chemicals into the air. This was the big propaganda used in China to show 'action' and the madness now being used in the West to manipulate public 
I am a woman of Asian Chinese descent from Hong Kong who now calls Canada home. Criticism of Dr. Tam is not racist. *(But criticism of me is. So nice  only please.)
Really furious about Chinese and how they treat us and our  The lies they tell. and they own the WHO
Just heard Tory MP Tom Tugendhat tell . @BBCWorldatOne that the Chinese government falsified coronavirus statistics because it put the interests of the ruling party ahead of the people. Good job nothing like that could happen in Britain, eh?
The true cost of cheap Chinese products is now  apparent. People are paying in blood #MakeChinaPay 
This is beyond worrying ''medicinal research'' it get worse and in the middle of this pandemic which may have Animal sources Chinese want to use Chinese White Dolphins of which there may be only 47 left as a source of research, I am stunned
Tanzanian President has cancelled a Chinese loan worth $10 billion signed by his predecessor to construct a port at Mbegani creek in Bagamoyo over terms and conditions that beat logic. He said that the terms of the Chinese loan agreement could only be accepted by a drunk man.
Deputy Chinese Ambassador to the UK tells @ChrisMasonBBC on #bbcwato that her government will not support an independent international inquiry into #covid19 as it is “politically motivated”
bringing back kyungsoo's pretty handwriting in korean, english, japanese and traditional chinese because everything in the world is just ugly 
Trump owes the Bank of China millions for helping him acquire one of his most valuable properties. The  due in the middle of the next presidential term. Remember how much he echoed Chinese government propaganda about the virus being contained?  …
Long March 1 CZ-1 for first Chinese satellite 
Chinese government are doing all this to Africans because they has a reason why they do it because they knew that some of the African countries are under pressure and fear of the money they borrowed from China this is how they start the recolonization of Africa,Nigeria Cameroon, 
Ten signing his name in fancy, Korean, English, Chinese, numbers and a drawing just to flex 
Chinese propaganda posters as disinfectants: a thread 
This tweet quite funny cos of the reply from this Chinese person 
SUGGESTIONS In case you have nothing to watch, try watching Chinese / Taiwanese BL too. Here I also made a BL list of it RT! RT! (Suggest some good movies or series too! ) 
BBC reporting that the EEAS report on Chinese disinformation has been pulled from release because of concerns about the reaction in Beijing  …
Donald Trump supporters are struggling right now. They are having to simultaneously think Coronavirus is just the flu while also thinking it is a Chinese bio weapon designed to turn  all while standing in their kitchens injecting disinfectant into themselves. Hard.
Iniviting you all to click on this link to dislike "Iisang Dagat" on Youtube - a Chinese propaganda about their ownership of the West Philippine Sea masked as a song of unity about COVID-19. #CHEXITPH #Chexit pa din!  
The 'SuperM-Beyond the Future' concert on 4/26 -Premiere stages of new songs -A new  AR  -Subtitles service (English, traditional Chinese, simplified Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Vietnamese, Indonesian, Spanish and Portuguese)
2nd pic - hawaiian shirt owned by jaewon 3rd pic - onebin wearing the same supreme hoodie from jaewon's chinese fans i'm trying to prove a point ok bye 
#China I will forward a series of videos from China TIKTOK here to show all aspects of China now. The  from the excellent Chinese short video bloggers. If there is infringement, contact me to delete. This series is about Living. 
NBI arrests chinese national for illegal drug on covid-19. 
wendy really said why flirt in one language when i can do it in korean, english, spanish, and chinese
Maybe there are tweets that is very discriminating towards the Chinese that I’ve not seen. So maybe I’m missing out on why there’s a rise of tweets about the minorities being “racist” to Chinese people. But if y’all stop acting like clowns then maybe we will stop pointing it out.
"If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow." — Chinese proverb | | #patience
English Spanish Indonesian Chinese What's next from our multilingual queen? 
I am Chinese and I love it!!! Racist? How the mainlanders treating the black people in China now is racist! Write or do something about it! This is a jab to Xitler not the race!!’ How much China pay you? #chinesevirus 
Chinese friend's gun 
Wendy replying in Chinese now...multilingual legend 
Wendy on Lysn It’s chinese now guys 
The baggage handling Co seeking $125M from taxpayers has misled ASIC about the true owner of all 3 of its Oz entities (actually Chinese govt’s HNA) + and none have filed financials since 2016. Had they done so, docs would have shown true owner. HNA has global form here.. #auspol
Is this really fuck you in Chinese like did we ever settle this 
The day isn't so far when my Indore city will be number 1 in defeating Chinese Virus too.. 
Bad respirators are TYPICAL from china. #DecoupleChina is the smartest LT path for the West.The Murderous Chinese government knowingly allowed flights from Wuhan to infect the world and now they sell faulty equipment to profiteer from their FrankenVirus  …
chinese dance cover by xiening! 
Win plans to learn Chinese language when the time is proper but now he is so busy. He always reads  from Chinese fans and uses Google translation. Thanks for supporting #winmetawin #ShiseidoUltimuneXwin
an entire Uyghur family has disappeared, the only family member left is the lady speaking in this video, she lives in Uzbekistan. Believe me, there are millions of Uyghur families like this, but they don't have one family member abroad to voice for them. Stop the Chinese genocide 
Chinese expert: Malaysia's anti-Covid 19 measures "comprehensive, effective"   …
CORONA IS BLESSING IN DISGUISE LIKE अमृतमंथन BETWEEN US CRONEY CAPITALISM &amp; CHINESE VIOLENT COMMUNISM & ●FOOISH VILLAIN LEADERSHIP● WILL NOT SUFFER DUE INDIAN SUPER NATURAL POWER OF NON VIOLENCE-GANDHISM & SECULARISM APPA&3S TINY GANDHIAN UNIT SNS IMG&A 
#PekingOpera, listed as an ‘Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity’ by #UNESCO, is a 200-year-old traditional Chinese art form  singing, dancing, acrobatics and martial arts. 
#郭文贵 Persuade Guo Wengui to die this heart! Maybe one day he will be sent back to the Chinese prison. 
Dr. Ivanka is hard at work developing a lavender-scented disinfectant that she claims can be safely injected into the bodies of coronavirus victims. In fact, she has already been granted a Chinese trademark for the magical elixir: “Ivanka’s Miracle Corona Bleach.” 
Yugyeom has 8 tattoos confirmed: - His dandelion logo - I’m not like that (from his song No Way) - Trust Me - An ox (hai chinese zodiac) and 1997 in roman numerals - Truth (matching with Mark) - A green bird - A cross + wings - The dandelion he drew #GOT7 
Open your 
Hongcun, a cluster of Hui-style architecture unique to E China’s Anhui, is a historical village that is famous for its water system design, which follows the concept of traditional Chinese geomancy, or feng shui. 
Why are Chinese officials starting to block me? Are they afraid of the facts? 
"Laws control the lesser man. Right conduct controls the greater one." ~ Chinese Proverb
Grateful for the ability to fast in  of my home, while I have family in occupied East Turkestan who can't fast because they're either in camps/prisons or have Chinese government officials living in their homes to make sure they aren't fasting. #SaveUyghurs #FreeET
I like traditional Chinese stuff. I modeled before for this outfit. A big sell, sold out on the first day... 
About vaccine for COVID-19: Pakistan is approached by  for possible trails. We have asked for more info which we will evaluate through relevant experts from safety, ethics, regulation & feasibility perspectives before deciding. Too early to say anything! <290>
Chinese people be like 
China threatens legal and economic retaliation if a Missouri lawsuit to hold Beijing accountable for the coronavirus moves 
This perverted Chinese man works in an African country, the photograph is disgusting, those girls are clearly underage, Chinese employees in Africa are getting away with this while Africans are being starved, tortured, murdered, CANNIBALISED even in China!. 
Amazing interview by Tucker tonite of Peter Walker, former McKinsey & Co exec who worked with  to advance business transfer & globalism. When asked abt clear human rights crimes by China, he did not defend the crimes, yet explained why Chinese culture excuses it.
BREAKING: US officials are investigating hundreds of cases of coronavirus brought in by Chinese tourists in January
“The Chinese Communist Party has a saying when  to their psychological warfare operations… strangle you with your own systems.” @JoshJPhilipp breaks down how the #CCP operates & how it's exploiting America's political system. #CCPvirus Watch  
A study by the University of Southampton found that if Chinese authorities had spent three weeks heeding rather than censoring the Wuhan doctors who tried to warn us of the coronavirus, the number of cases would have been 95% lower at the end of February.  
Keep Chinese people out of your weird sexual fetishes, you fucking freak
This is really unprecedented - a Chinese state media outlet calling for me, an Australian student, to be expelled for criticizing the Chinese state. I hope the Australian government will condemn this attempt by the Chinese state to shut down free speech in Australia ...  …
A study of Chinese health workers who treated COVID-19 patients earlier this year underscores the emotional toll it's taking on medical staff: • Half now suffer from depression • Nearly as many — 44.6% — now have anxiety • A third have insomnia 
The Russians And The Chinese Are Your Enemy "Not the oligarchic class in your own country that has been exploiting, propagandizing, deceiving, oppressing and robbing you every moment of your life since you were born. The Russians and the Chinese."  …
These are my relatives detained in last 2 years. Yet, here I am only asking Chinese government to show me my father. Shameful huh? Yes, the silence of the @UN and world to disappearance of millions in their own homeland. 
You say you're a Conservative without Apology. But you're forcing good Conservatives to apologize for you. I live in Metro Vancouver. Many great Chinese Cdn neighbours. Your race bait, Sloan, puts a target on their backs. So without apology, I look forward to your political exit.  …
Funfact: Alex’s fan call him “dog”. So Chinese fan call Alexlove team “dog love team” or “dog love society” 
I stand with their decision to investigate. It is beyond stupid that Gov @GavinNewsom paid $1 billion to BYD, a BLACKLISTED  for defective N95 masks to fight #ChineseCoronavirus. Time to hold him  …
The Chinese Communist Party - even as they push massive anti-black racism within China - is seeking to silence all criticism of their ruthless regime as 'racist.' Now, much of the Canadian political establishment and media is falling for it. Great job fools...
Chinese throws two Africans into a tiger shark waters because of covid19 @realDonaldTrump @MaziNnamdiKanu @USEmbassyAbuja @_AfricanUnion @PaulKagame @jmkikwete @Pres_UKenyatta  …
Can I just point out the self serving hypocrisy of Conservative MPs, Scheer & Rebel Media trying to paint Dr Tam & the WHO as agents of the Chinese government when they don’t say boo about CNOOC owning a chunk of the oil sands AND THEY ARE OWNED BY THE CHINESE GOVERNMENT. #cdpoli
𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐨𝐧𝐥𝐲 𝐟𝐥𝐚𝐰, 𝐲𝐨𝐮 𝐚𝐫𝐞 𝐟𝐥𝐚𝐰𝐥𝐞𝐬𝐬. #ANITWTSELFIEDAY. 
If Michael Caputo tweeted “millions of Chinese suck the blood out of rabid bats as an appetizer and eat the ass out of anteaters,” then he must be removed from his post immediately. Asian Americans deserve an HHS spokesperson who treats us with respect and basic human dignity.
ANOTHER......30.........DAYSbro WTF ima bout too *MINK every God damn Chinese Person I see 
The Russians and the Chinese are your enemy. Not the oligarchic class in your own country that has been exploiting, propagandizing, deceiving, oppressing and robbing you every moment of your life since you were born. The Russians and the Chinese.
let me 
Thank you Chinese American Federation for donating 1,500 facial masks to Rosemead School District!!! 
Chinese resume mining at Homonhon Island amid quarantine 
Trump praised the Chinese response for months and told the American people there is nothing to worry about. He possesses a deadly mix of traits that make him as profoundly unfit for a moment like this as a human being could possibly be. We will all suffer for it. This will (7)
Bill Gates poison vaccines & micro-chips are as natural to us as Rothschilds 2 Chinese Opium wars, Irish potato famine & Tony Blair & the Iraq war. Queen Victoria named her Chinese Pekingese gift from Rothschild LOOTY. War criminal Blairs letter to Bush on Iraq & Irish famine. 
At least Caputo can make his own face mask: White bed sheet, scissors, wizard hat (optional) under sheet. Michael Caputo made  about Chinese people in now-deleted tweets  …
For decades, America’s elite outsourced their country’s production capacity to China, very consciously destroying America’s industrial base. They treated America as little more than a colony to plunder. Now, suddenly, it’s the Chinese who are root of all of America’s problems.
166 passengers & crew boarded an Air China flight Monday from Moscow. By the time it landed in Shaanxi province, 28 of them had #COVID19 . Chinese citizens are desperate to get out of Russia, where the epidemic is raging.  …
Chinese state propaganda is now making TikToks of Trevor Noah We are entering a whole new era of information warfare  …
. @SecPompeo: The Chinese Government hasn’t permitted American scientists to go into #China, to go into not only the Wuhan lab but wherever it needs to go to learn about this virus. There’s an ongoing pandemic. We still don’t have the transparency and openness we need in 
Hunter Biden’s Chinese Fund Helped Outsource U.S. Manufacturing Jobs  …
We are the only country who apologised everyone else is saying they are defective asaan ang  …
Caputo said he deletes his tweets monthly as well, but conceded he "probably" deleted all his April tweets before his appointment, but claimed he wasn't tweeting much in April.  …
great chiral fact: Japanese Wisteria (Figure One) twist clockwise whereas Chinese Wisteria (Figure Two) twist anti-clockwise. 
#JoeBiden must be kidding! He forgets his own historical support of the Chinese Communist Party ( #CCP) and attacks @realDonaldTrump for NOT doing all things #POTUS actually done. America needs to be united against the threat of #COVID19 and the #CCP, Don’t let @JoeBiden divide 
#Gravitas | Beijing has increased its funding to the WHO and is stockpiling tonnes of crude oil and crops. @palkisu decodes the Chinese regime's post-pandemic strategy to strengthen China's position. 
#Gravitas | A Chinese  wants Pak govt to conduct clinical trials of a vaccine on its citizens. Pakistan's top health institute has agreed, and is expecting 'positive' results. @palkisu tells you how Pakistan is making its citizens guinea pigs for unproven 
These disgusting tweets are disqualifying for any job in government let alone Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs at HHS. CAPUTO MUST BE CANNED  …
This racism is disgusting. Deleting the tweets isn't nearly enough. He must be fired. There should be no place for bigotry and lies in our government. As the CDC said, "Stigma is the enemy of public health." Same for those who spread stigma.  …
The newly appointed Health and Human Services spokesperson promoted conspiracy theories and made racist and  in now-deleted tweets 
One year ago today - #Avengers 
America should never allow a Chinese owned (read  party owned) business to own land here or buy up  Why do we allow Chinese groups like WH Holdings (bought major supplier Smithfield Pork under the Obama Admin) to continue doing so? #AmericaFirst
#China Medical protective clothing sold to #Mexico has very good water permeability, are you sure the Chinese government is working to stop the spread? 
NEW: In deleted tweets, new HHS spokesman Michael Caputo said the coronavirus was because "millions of Chinese suck the blood out of rabid bats as an appetizer and eat the ass out of anteaters." He said Democrats had a "goal" of "massive deaths."  …
New HHS spokesman made  about Chinese people in now-deleted tweets  …
When Chinese Bank buys 1% in HDFC Bank, it's "China taking over Indian economy". BUT When American Facebook buys 10% in Reliance Jio, it's "boosting the Indian economy".
From the beginning of this crisis, we’ve heard horrible stories of abuse faced by Asian Canadians, particularly those of Chinese descent There is no question that MP  against Dr. Theresa Tam fuel this kind of racism. Andrew Scheer needs to clearly denounce this.
in case you forgot baekhyun is the eldest in the beagle line here's jongdae and chanyeol calling him hyung (gege in chinese) @weareoneEXO 
For the first time, one of the many #COVID19 vaccines in development has protected an animal, rhesus macaques, from infection by the new coronavirus, scientists report.  @pulitzercenter
If you bullying Lana from Produce Camp. You bullying all Asian Natives in Siberia and Russian Far East. Cause dont pretend we dont exist. Asian is not only Chinese, Japanese Korean, That and etc. Educate yourself. Open google 
My Chinese Fantasy Crush... 
I feel really appreciative of non-Chinese citizens arguing against western MSM’s double standards and hypocrisy on criticizing China. Just out of curiosity, have you been to China or speak Chinese or have connection with Chinese people, so that you identify the misinformation?
I know several hospitals that are having good success with Remdesivir and the Chinese have continually disparaged the drug and used it wrong. This is the 3rd time. Do not believe the chinese
In #EastTurkistan, At its most peaceful #Uighurs who practice their religion in a manner deemed unacceptable by state authorities or #Chinese Communist Party #CCP officials are arrested, tortured, and at times executed. #SaveUyghurs @SalihHudayar #China_is_terrorist
#TBT the #Avengers assembled in the forecourt one year ago today! @RobertDowneyJr @chrishemsworth @ChrisEvans @MarkRuffalo @JeremyRenner @Kevfeige 
As of 23/4 ‘Reload’ has reached 276,489 pre-orders (Chinese fans + Ktown4u orders) in just 9 days! 
I’ve been touching so much $I can’t even remember the last time I was broke..
don’t judge my life off my social I love to lie and y’all will never really know what I got goin on frr.
I want it I get it....he’ll pay for it
Using Chinese app to warn China #ShehnaazGill #TikTok #muvyz 
Weibo update @gulfkanawut17 Gulf: No matter how far we are, you are always in my heart. Have a sweet dream. Goodnight chinese fans. Awww so sweet! 
The Chinese Vaccine And 5G Mission In Africa: The Chinese Vaccine And 5G Mission In Africa Most Chinese self-acclaimed doctors had found themselves in the most populous African country called Nigeria with their top agenda kept secret. Before they were…  
Mike Pompeo just said we may never return to funding the World Health Organization. They pushed Chinese government propaganda and covered for their lies. Their director was elected with overwhelming support from China. RT if we should never fund the W.H.O. again!
I DO NOT HAVE ANY COMMENTS ABOUT THIS CHINESE WOMEN. SPREADING CORONAVIRUS . SHE IS POSSITVE WITH CORONAVIRUS #ChinaVirus #ChinaVirus #ChinaStory #ChinaDailyCartoon #USA #Chinazi #China #chinaracism #China_is_terrorist 
A rare photo of me with my 
Chinese general's one weird trick to stop paying rent. Landlords hate him!
THE PRINCE OF TENNIS 2019 | Chinese Netflix Drama (origin at Anime manga) in 40 episode mapapa - SEASON 2 SEASON 2 SEASON 2 SEASON 2 SEASON 2 PLEASEEEEE! ka talaga A must watch Chinese Drama 
Prime Minister Marin of #Finland fired the country's emergency supply head for wasting millions of euros on defective Chinese facemasks. I like the idea of people getting fired for gross  In Washington, they don't fire  people; they just move them around. 
So @realDonaldTrump says in next few wks, nat'l parks reopen. This may help stop harassment & arrests of ppl who dare walk in public parks. Some officials believe the coronavirus can be spread over 100 yds of open land or maybe that it came from Smokey the Bear, not Chinese bats.
This time 500 days ago, around 10pm in Beijing, our colleague #MichaelKovrig was snatched off a street by Chinese security officials just for being a Canadian. He is an unwitting pawn in a geopolitical game. 
Why on Pakistanis not on Chinese. 
THE BEST CHINESE DRAMA THAT I HAVE WATCHED SO FAR!!! You will learn a lot about experiences and encounters in life at the age of 18. Friendship, family, the value and importance of education, the importance of love. THE STRONG BOND OF FRIENDSHIP!! I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THIS CDRAMA 
Chinese experts will build a survey telescope with wide field and high resolution in NW China's Qinghai. The Wide Field Survey Telescope, featuring an advanced active zoom optical system and a 2.5-meter in diameter optical telescope, is expected to be put into operation in 2022. 
Nigerian govt to test 15 Chinese doctors today for COVID-19 Minister said, “I was reminded that the people who came from China had spent 14 days in quarantine and I ordered that the test be done.  …
Nigerian govt to test 15 Chinese doctors today for COVID-19 Minister said, “I was reminded that the people who came from China had spent 14 days in quarantine and I ordered that the test be done.  …
The Chinese Swimming Association invalidated a previous decision of including Sun Yang into Chinese Olympics preparation team, as the three-time freestyle Olympic champion is still facing an eight-year ban  
zheng jun said the person in the room next to him was playing instruments really loudly and they ALL pointed at yixing. it was yixing he was playing the flute and explained he wanted to adopt chinese traditional sounds into modern, pop tracks #LAYonCZR2 
According to this youtuber, 90% of knetz (except those fake feminists) are supportive. It’s a good summary of what’s happening. The youtuber is Korean Chinese but the video is in Chinese though. 
W. E. B. Du Bois on the American attitude towards China: "We hate China. We propose never to forgive the Chinese. We count them outside humanity. We charge them with every crime we can invent." 
Lahoris eating Donkey Meat Chinese be like: 
A big thanks to the city of #Zhuhai who has provided 20,000 pieces of much needed PPE to its twinned city of Portsmouth, UK. This kind gesture was a response to members of the Portsmouth Chinese Association helping Chinese cities suffering from Covid-19 back in January. 
Chinese telecom mega-corporation Huawei has raised red flags worldwide due to its alleged relationship with the Chinese government. According to Chinese legislation from 2017, corporations within the country are required to cooperate with state intelligence operations.
Chinese corona virus patient’s skin turn black after treatment #CovidConnect #philimonTv 
#MewSuppasit had played the role of bodyguard in a Chinese drama named Nice To meet UFO #mewlions 
Chinese Brand; MARRKNULL drop these SS20 “Hanger Handbags”. INSANE. 
Just sharing it here for those who don’t know Chinese but export media from weibo/wherever, if you see these in captions or on photos, please don’t take the media and upload them elsewhere: 不要二传 - Do not repost 禁二传 / 二传 / 二传 - Repost prohibited
remember when baeksoo as tour guides for the chinese members i am: soft :( 
Good morning Is it possible to get the Republicans to stop supporting the Chinese military by their so-called investments 
We need to know what happened to the missing Chinese Corona whistleblowers and the EU must help to free the pro-democracy opposition in #HongKong. This Chinese crackdown against human rights must stop. Read our letter to HR @JosepBorrellF here 
Vast Chinese investment has helped drastically reduce power outages, lifting economic growth, but years of mismanagement has led to accumulated power sector payment arrears, or “circular debt”, rising to 1.4 trillion rupees ($10.1 billion). 
can my jiran's chinese boys look like this 
Seola, Exy and Eunseo (chinese tiktok) opened their douyin account!! Go follow them: Seola >  Exy >  Eunseo >  
CHINA'S GUINEA PIG: China has long treated Pakistan as something of a guinea pig, selling it weapon systems not deployed by the Chinese military as well as outdated or untested nuclear reactors. Now China will use Pakistanis to test the COVID-19 vaccine it is rushing to develop. 
Zhong Fei Fei was attacked on Weibo by a lot of its Chinese users, because she's not full #Chinese. They attacked her for being Black and said she LOWERS their standard of beauty. The one drop rule is GLOBAL,YOUR CHILDREN AREN'T SPARED if they look different. 
"Keep a green tree in your Heart and perhaps a singing bird  ~ Chinese Proverb #ThankfulThursday #StayAtHome 
I LOVE HOW EVERONE IS WORRIED ABOUT THE REACTION OF THE INTERNATIONAL AUDIENCE WHEN IN THE UK BORIS HAS SAID IT'S CHINAS FAULT FOR THE VIRUS & AMERICAS PRESIDENT HAS CALLED THE VIRUS A "CHINESE VIRUS" SOO I THINK SHES GOOD! NO ONE WILL JUDGE! #SidNaaz
The world must unite against the Chinese to stop wet markets with wild life AND stop eating dogs...and cats! WHO should get some balls, now! 
The Kitchen God, the Chinese gods that protect the hearth and family. Before Chinese NY, returns to Heaven to report the activities of household over the past year to emperor of the heavens, either rewards or punishes a family based on it. Woodblock print in 1900, for 1901. 
Kim Jong Un, North Korea leader, may have died. l learn that from a group chat history from my co-worker. Today 23 Apri, one flight, KOR252, from Beijing to North Korea with a Chinese medical expert team from Beijing Fuwai hospital is leaving for 
People are dying in their numbers in the northern Nigeria ever since the so-called Chinese medical doctors came,we ask the gullible Nigeria leaders, were people dying like this, when Chinese haven't yet arrived Nigeria? 
How would Chinese imperialism in Africa look like should it ever materialize? 
Evil... The Chinese are evil. In order to spread the virus to every part of the zoo (Nigeria), they targeted the most populous state in the North, Kano and that of the south, Lagos. @MaziNnamdiKanu @ElochukwuOhagi @EmekaGift @StateDept @POTUS
I need to renew the insurance of our motorcycle, since I don't understand chinese friend to the rescue!!!!!! 
LOOK: U.S. and Australia send warships to South China Sea with a Chinese vessel that was reported to be surveying for oil in disputed waters during a global pandemic. Photos: U.S. Pacific Fleet photo/Released 
There is no face mask more protective than the one you made by yourself,shun Chinese face mask and save your life. Check Biafra made out. 
After DSTV..... SABC 1 must also explain what's with this Chinese movie we're tired xem 
干杯 "GanBei" the Chinese expression for "Cheers" meaning to dry one's glass. 
Do you hear the cry of these desperate Uyghur children who were brutally torn from Anne's bosom by the cruel Chinese government? 
Men who eat pussy for their own pleasure go to heaven Le Chinese : 
I feel bad that non-baby Cassies are getting confused so let me give you all a breakdown. 동방신기 = Dong Bang Shin Gi. TVXQ's Korean name. 東方神起 = Tohoshinki. TVXQ's Japanese Name. 东方神起 = Dong Fang Xien Qi. TVXQ's alternate Chinese name. TVXQ = Tee Vee eX Q in English.
Soros Globalist, Islamic shill, Chinese Communist Party lap dog, Justin Trudeau is a man of many facets. None of them are good. Canadian civilization is in peril and the watchmen have gone for a nap.
Chinese noodles not the inspiration for pasta, historians say, its roots are in ancient Greece – and they have the texts to prove it  …
Why has Vietnam been so successful? Because it reacted early and it reacted early because it hacked the Chinese response authorities to find out what was really happening  …
Chinese counterfeits of 'Made in Taiwan' masks spout up in Japan #coronavirus  
me watching Bebe Chow’s lawyer light Linda’s ass up for attempting to erase May Ling’s Chinese heritage #LittleFiresEverywhere 
What could have 
Change the strings of Chinese Zither by myself~ 
If you willingly choose to go back to these Chinese nail salons/hair stores you’re part of the problem
JUST IN: The Armed Forces of the Philippines Western Command confirms the incident between the Philippine Navy's corvette BRP Conrado Yap and a Chinese Navy corvette with bow no. 514 near the Rizal Reef Detachment in the West Philippine Sea on February 17, 2020. | via 
I'm so sick of losers in the west defending the Chinese Ethnostate. They're the most racist, fascist regime on the planet. We're at war. WAKE UP.
Happy #WorldBookDay! Beautiful bookstores are trip-worthy for book lovers. Check out these bookstores in some Chinese cities 
The heroes of this pandemic are the Chinese doctors and reporters who tried to overstep the government and warn the world. One day when we are able to reflect on all their crimes, we will be astounded at how the rest of the world allowed this to transpire. 
[BREAKING] Chinese Billionaires, Wen Junhui and Xu Minghao, marry. Making them the richest couple alive. They were seen arriving from their honeymoon. Congratulations to the couple! 
I don’t know who suggested this tweet, but these things always backfire. It’s going to end up being a Bernie Bro or Antifa and you’re going to look even worse than you do now.
She literally said 
#StopMekongDam Hey guys, here is Chinese new passport. 
Ivanka Trump's brand continues to win foreign trademarks in China: coffins. Her father provides the costumers.  …
Chinese officials angry with Jason Kenney for supporting pro-democracy friend arrested in Hong Kong  …
The @EpochTimes has done an incredible job by bringing truth to reporting. Now that the  sees the Chinese Communists for who they are, they will be held accountable for their gross human rights violations, theft, information warfare and economic warfare.  …
The Daily Telegraph received a protest letter from the Chinese embassy and subjects it to its own internal censorship. Result: a phantastically creative response. 
Kennedy Calls For On Sanctions Against #China and Freezing Of Chinese Leaders' Bank Account. Furthermore, She Calls For American Citizens To Be Able To Sue Chinese Leadership.  …
The Chinese fan originates from ancient times when our ancestors used leaves or bird feathers to block out the strong sunlight. A fan is not only a tool for cooling in hot weather, but also a crucial part of Chinese culture and Chinese painting: birds, animals or landscapes. 
After #DstvMustFall SABC 1 must explain why the actual fuck are they playing Chinese movies after all we've been and still going through, konuk' umsoon 
The Chinese government is oppressing Uygur Turks in East-Turkestan. - Concentration Camps - Schools in which kids get brainwashed - Islam ban - Women Are forced to marry Chinese men - are getting killed and much more. Boycott China!
From DStv we are going to SABC. They must stop playing 2001 Chinese movies. Si badala for lodoti! 
Your daily reminder that @WHO parrots Chinese propaganda. Wuhan virus is racist China is handling this great China’s numbers are true No human transmission Taiwan is Taipei No need to wear masks Travel ban is racist This isn’t a global health emergency ALL false. All from WHO.
I am proud to announce that I have added my signature to this letter as a Member of our Canadian Parliament: "The Communist Party’s rule by fear endangers Chinese citizens—and the world"   …
es show es 
Timmy Xu Weizhou and Johnny Huang Jingyu. Kings of Chinese BL. 
He's wearing fan gifts HALO T.OP project (Chinese fan union)? ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Plus his beloved haider ackermann silk shirt 
How did they Get South African ID and Driving Licence? Chinese who can't speak a single South African language but they have a South African ID card with a South African driving license. See how far Africa is being taken over? 
Since everybody scared to say it I MISS CHINESE FOOD
The Chinese virus is going to turn us into a China surveillance state  …
When ye cannie get a Chinese then make yer own 
Gotta move hard, gotta move smart
People are dying now in their numbers in the North. Before the Chinese came, were people dying like this?----Mazi Nnamdi Kanu 22/4/2020 
I don’t speak Chinese 
Make every day #EarthDay. Create a cleaner and safer 
People hating on Lana in Produce Camp because she's not fluent in Chinese. Oh please she was living in Korea, attend a Korean university and speaks fluent Korean when she first debuted but people were still mad. All this hate is just unreasonable.
Probably a Bernie Bro. They do these things. Now open up.
If you’re Chinese, ppl in the US only recognize your humanity if you speak out against your gov’t, if your criticisms are useful to US imperialist ambitions. Otherwise, you’re just a mindless brainwashed prop of the CCP. These are the only two ways Americans see Chinese ppl. 
Melinda Gates foresaw Covid-19 dead bodies littering Africa. Chinese came into Nigeria for an unknown reason. France Doctor wanted Africans as test rats for their vaccine. Mysterious death in Kano. Kano pushed out Almajiris which I've never heard before. Stranger Things.
We must send all Chinese out of Kenya. Chinese must leave. You see them near you, drive them out. Let them sleep on the streets. Do the right thing. Fight the enemy.
Missing Wuhan citizen journalist reappears after two months Li Zehua says he was detained and quarantined by Chinese police after reporting on Covid-19  …
Look at what Chinese are doing in Africa Bloody Criminals 
This is what we call a RED  …
Lovely IU painted by a Chinese girl 【by 在下60】 
The Chinese Communist Party allowed the coronavirus to spread across the world. Their lies and coverup cost countless American lives and livelihoods. We need to empower Americans to hold China accountable. 
BREAKING: African nations seeking debt deferral or forgiveness from the Chinese government are being told they have to give up strategic state assets Zambia may give a copper mine to the Chinese government. This is CRAZY. Source:  
If you’re gonna post racist anti Chinese things online, don’t do it from an iPhone, have some respect for the kid who made it.
This is what happened when a provider told people do not call or text her to this 
Why are Asian Americans being blamed for COVID-19? This is not the first time Chinese and other immigrant populations have been held responsible for bringing in a new disease. 
Chinese Alligator so smol & endangered :( 
Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor have been detained in a Chinese Gulag for 500 days now. Don't forget about them.
The Lie That Won't Die You’ve heard over and over that China hid information about COVID-19 from the U.S. But the timeline doesn’t add up. The Chinese CDC informed the U.S. about the virus on January 1st. 
SCOOP: In a first Mike Pompeo says Access to "Multiple Labs in #China" and NOT just Wuhan's, is Required by World to Determine source of #COVID19. Says WHO has failed, & Merkel supportive of investigation.  …
China : please don't call it chinese virus it's so racist Also China : 
Blacks to boycott Chinese businesses!
This is happening in China! A group of Chinese men beating an innocent African man in China. 
it’s not a coincidence that when you go vegan, you can find food options at thai, mexican, Chinese, Japanese, Indian, Nigerian, Ethiopian, Mediterranean, etc cuisines and restaurants but Applebee’s and Buffalo Wild Wings, food lacking culture and flavor? nah.
Chinese doctors to begin treating Nigerians COVID-19 patients 15 Chinese medical team, who were invited by FG to help Nigeria deal with COVID-19 outbreak, 14-day isolation period ends today. Their invitation by PTF on COVID-19, was met with criticisms  …
One of @elrufai’s Igbo acolytes tweeted that El-Rufai and family are not anti Igbo and that if  to power, he will help Ndi’Igbo. I laughed! That ‘help’ will be like Chinese doctors who came to help Nigeria, only for Corona Virus deaths to increase! #BuhariTormentor
This sensationalized NYT article today about China is a perfect replica of the worst Russiagate reporting: inflammatory claims about a US adversary leaked by anonymous US intelligence officials, uncritically disseminated with no evidence or  …
Stone pillar in light fog, 2010 - by Leping Zha, Chinese/USA 
20mm Chinese Mission Station finished off just the bridge and temple to do now and everything will be ready for the arrival of The Sand Pebbles... 
#brightcnf3000 That's all.Please think twice before you speak for the Chinese. You are a Chinese. 
【Gliscor‘s Chinese Class】Class-2［钱锟］ #way #WayV 
Translation thread of Cfans and  on Doyoung using Chinese  with DoyoungBar 
Hongkonger and Taiwanese are NOT chinese. We hate china very very much. #Fuckchina #Hongkongerisnotchinese 
Uganda has arrested 6 Chinese citizens for fleeing a quarantine center. 
: "WO AI BO XIAN" FYI, boxian is baekhyun's chinese name! I know Chanyeol was just reading usernames BUT.......OH MY GOD!!! MY HEART!!!! 
The Chinese Embassy blasted a Filipina senator for demanding that China pay the Philippines' expenses in battling COVID-19 as a reparation for destroying the reefs at West Philippine Sea. 
Wonogirian style > Chinese style Monmap no debat 
I’m in love with a virgo, sagittarius, pisces, aquarius, libra, capricorn, and another virgo whom I know will never love me back. 
#คุยกับพี่ไฟท์คนดีxชิวชิว Q: Will you support Tutor in everything he does? pZee/Fighter:yes Chinese fan: is it ok if Tutor  husband and you  wifeeeee? 哈哈哈哈我笑死了 
a chinese fan made a ZaintSee Light Stick. it’s so beautiful, we need badly this!!! @zee_pruk @Saint_sup 
This cartoon depicts our war against Chinese Virus and dirty tricks done by Thukkals 
#RTHK's Chinese newsroom won a gold trophy at the New York Festivals Radio Awards, with a feature named “Exodus in Hong Kong- Arduous Escape from the #PolyU” detailing how #AntiELAB protesters escaped Polytechnic University & scholars and politicians appealing protesters to 
#brightcnf3000Hi Bright,I’m your Chinese  from Zhejiang.I hope you get better and better.Just be happy!We always be with you! 
#brightcnf3000 means Bright's Chinese fans love him 3000 
here is sg's race population chart in case some of you keep wondering why majority of the people you see in the videos are chinese... 
Chinese fan stand by your side #brightcnf3000 
#คุยกับพี่ไฟท์คนดีxชิวชิว I cant even see P'pruk's face na5555, Chinese fans lov u ! 
#brightcnf3000 means Bright’s Chinese fans love him 3000. 
minki performing baby shark in chinese (2020) 
At 5:17 pm today the Chinese embassy received 2 diplomatic protests: 1. on the pointing of a radar gun at a Philippine Navy ship in PH waters & 2. declaring parts of Philippine territory as part of Hainan province—both violations of international law & Philippine sovereignty.
THE ADDICTED HEROINE - best Chinese bl series although it's bitin dahil sa issue na pina stop nga hayss :(( 
Finally!! Tanzania President cancels $10billion Chinese loan; Refers to the Terms and Conditions As One That Can Only be Accepted by Drunkard Person.  …
A pregnant woman was denied entry into a Chinese Hospital because of she's a black/African. #Stop_Chinese_racist_against_blacks @MaziNnamdiKanu @IpobosisiomaLga @UN @EU_Commission @UNHumanRights @amnesty @NGRPresident @AfricanUnion @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @StateDept 
(6/6) A Chinese photographer took portraits of 42,000 medical workers from overall of China to fight COVID-19 in Chinese Epicenter Wuhan & Hubei. All medical workers in the world braved themselves in this battle should be respected and remembered. 
NEW: Hackers believed to be working for the Vietnamese government have been trying hack the personal and professional email accounts of staff at China’s Ministry of Emergency Management and the Wuhan government since early Jan 
School time in China at the moment. #WuhanCoronavirus 
Me after Seeing Chinese People Eating Insects - 
Chinese model of online influence operations 
Mrs. McCullough: "She's May look chinese but she's American" Everyone: 
LOOK: The original Asianovela heartthrob Jerry Yan (言承旭) returns in a Chinese new Drama #CounYourLuckyStars Watch the trailer here:  
VIDEO: STRANGE LOOKING MEN ARRIVED ANAMBRA SHARING PKTS OF STRANGE EXPIRED NOODLES TO CHILDREN AND FAMILIES 21:04:20 some strange young men from no where appeared in a bus and were sharing unfamiliar Chinese Packets of expired food that looks like noodles to Family Members 1/2 
เสียงพากย์อินเนอร์แน่นมาก Dear all Chinese Fans, I’m very glad to hear that you’re interested in “My Husband in Law” tv drama. Thank you so much from my heart and hope you all will love it and watch it till the end. #อกเกือบหักEP1 #อกเกือบหักแอบรักคุณสามี 
Chinese ex0 fans are so awful! See what kinda words they are tagging about Chen and Soondingies! poorly disciplined 
Chinese-Canadian singer @KrisWu released a new EP called #Testing today. It became an instant hit with the hashtag earning 200 million views and 218,000 posts on China's Twitter-like Sina Weibo. 
When is the USA going to pay reparations to the city of Wuhan for the 40 000 they killed through firebombing, plus the infrastructure 
"She may look Chinese but she's American" Linda quit talking before you dig yourself a deeper hole 
General MacArthur. “Too bad you pansies wouldn’t let me vaporize those godless Chinese Communists in 1951.” #fuckchina 
My latest on how Trevor Noah of @TheDailyShow became a favorite in the Chinese state media for his searing criticism of the U.S. mishandling of the pandemic while Chinese writers and vloggers are criticized and disappeared for doing the same out of Wuhan.  …
It's a war crime. Sen. Tom Cotton says that Chinese leaders “intentionally” allowed the Chinese coronavirus to infect other countries by restricting travel from Wuhan to the rest of China while allowing people in Wuhan to fly all over the world. 
when he was nct ten, he speaks korean. when he was superm ten, he speaks english & korean. when he was wayv ten, he speaks chinese when he was chittaphon leechaiyapornkul itself, he speaks thai. imagine being him. just imagine. cuz he's the one and only capable to do that.
The world says #HongKong is a country #China is not a normal country, it is just a nest for the Chinese bandits. World class number one country #Taiwan says to the Chinese bandits : NMSL 
This video is discussing #xinjiang. Chinese deputy ambassador to Australia received continuous laughter from the audience. 
We recognize the remarkable resilience & resolve of Chinese people and govt in fight against #COVID19. World has a lot to learn from Chinese experience in contagious diseases & prevention. @ForeignOfficePk @Asad_Umar @appcsocialmedia @CPEC_Official @zlj517
Chinese-Canadian singer #KrisWu released a new EP #Testing on Wednesday. It became an instant hit with the hashtag for the EP earning 200 million views and 218,000 posts on China’s Twitter-like Sina 
Some people are saying dinosaurs did not go extinct, it was Chinese who ate them all.
the number of times I’ve had to explain the “I will strip at you to make you cough up blood which will help heal your leg wound” “i c what u did there, grudging thanks” scene is, actually, based on some logical conventions of the genre that involve qi and Chinese medicine
stop making jokes about lana and her chinese. it’s not her native language, but she learns it like every day. she's fucking smart and deserves way more recognition. and it was not her decision to try tongue twister so yeah stop bullying her, assh*les 
Absurd: The WHO shamelessly broadcasts  propaganda, and now YouTube is saying it will censor anything contrary to the WHO. The CCP shouldn’t be running Silicon Valley, or trampling free speech in America.  …
UPDATE: Two Chinese doctors who were critically ill with #COVIDー19 in Wuhan hospital regained consciousness only to find that their skin has turned dark. It was caused by hormonal imbalances after their livers were damaged by the virus, reported Chinese state media 
I just got banned from DJI Drones for my concern about potential Chinese Spying. I got banned in five minutes. 
Chinese elementary school re-opened after #COVID19 
oil pump for engine 
Would you like some Sheng Jian Bao（生煎包）? It originated in Shanghai, China in 1920. A long history. I hope to introduce more Chinese food in the future! #Foodie #Twitter家庭料理部 #お腹ペコリン部 
National security adviser Robert O'Brien says the White House is investigating whether money from China influenced the WHO's judgments during the coronavirus crisis. He alleges that the WHO is "a propaganda tool for the Chinese." 
Always support my lovely ZaintSee! Chinese Fans love you guys so much ! 
N95 Chinese red mask painted with Shapr3D 
I really fucking hate chinese people sometimes Vivan Toh and James 
Since 2000, the U.S. has been delivering green cards to about 88K Chinese nationals every year -- the second largest beneficiaries of legal immigration.  …
Shame on you!
Your donations can make a 
[RUMOR] 9 possible male trainees from pledis were spotted at Seventeen’s concert in Seoul last year. A Chinese carat said they came with pledis staff, were the only males around, arrived/left together, & wore masks when none else was! Cr. @I/mfanne; OP’s weibo #PLEDIS 
This is INSANE. US med workers have no PPE and are wearing one mask for multiple shifts. Meanwhile, DC officials have debated for WEEKS whether to accept a donation of masks from the Chinese Foreign Ministry bc THEY DONT WANT TO LOSE THE PR WAR AND HAVE TO THANK CHINA PUBLICLY 
“The Chinese government lied to the world…They must be held accountable for their actions.” #Missouri's AG Eric Schmitt is suing the #CCP for what his office said were actions to suppress information related to the #Pandemic in December  …
Chinese doctors’ skin turns dark after coronavirus recovery  
It’s this kind of stuff that makes me really happy that Harvard, with his $40 billion endowment, still felt like they should jump in and take $9m of relief funds, rather than letting it go to small businesses but it was intended to help.  …
Dr. Theresa Tam, Canada’s Chief Public Health Officer, has failed Canadians. Dr. Tam must go! Canada must remain sovereign over decisions. The UN, the WHO, and Chinese Communist propaganda must never again have a say over Canada's public health!  …
Remember Socialism sucks. Communism is evil. And people died because the Chinese Communist Party lied.
Owned by the Chinese government
YouTube CEO @SusanWojcicki says they'll censor vids not approved by Tedros's @WHO. 1. Tedros is a CCP supporter, covered up cholera outbreaks. 2: WHO has  "traditional Chinese medicine". 3: WHO had Mugabe as a "goodwill ambassador". Not the  Suze. 
Igbo Market at Trade Fair cut with Fire! ..As we are observing the emergence lockdown from the Chinese virus #coronavirus.  
chinese people when the dried elephant cum they snorted doesn’t give them bigger boners 
Made by 
Pre-print: Chinese group reports that there were 30 mutants of #SARS_CoV2 in 11 patients which had a 270 fold significant variation in cytopathic effects and viral load. Thoughts?  
Is it wrong that I want to watch produce camp 2020 for feifei and to see Lana struggle with Chinese???
Craving Chinese but my local takeaway is closed. I just made it at home instead Salt n pepper wings Crispy chilli shredded beef Shrimp fried rice 
When Chinese clients turned cupid for JaBir. They made them to work in team 
translating the Chinese subtitles from howtobasic: 
There was an international Military Games (Olympic style) held for many nations in Wuhan before outbreak. Milan, Italy, and Wuhan, China, garment centers. 20 K Chinese live in Milan. George Webb may have answer.
When this Covid19 pandemic passes. I want all my melanated Queens to avoid buying their beauty products from the Chinese
95.6% of Chinese Covid19 tests kit are faulty. #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied India's state health minister Raghu Sharma said the kits gave only 5.4 per cent accurate results against the expectation of 90 per cent accuracy & therefore the kits were of no benefit,  out of 
California needs to rescind the $1,000,000,000 N95 & Surgical mask order to the misbegotten CHINESE Govt. owned mftg, BYD. This is on principal alone. Find the masks elsewhere. You give $1,000,000,000 to any US mftg., and they'll find a way to make them.
All EB applicant that applied in 2009 already became citizens & voted in 2016 election. Except Indian and Chinese nationals. Now they must go through uncertainty of Immigration ban while other are happy to be citizen who came at the same time or later. #S386IsFair @SenatorDurbin
Chinese Commie Party’s useful idiots (half the  & Obama) shouldn’t support WHO’s DG Tedros. Should instead protest his terrorist ties & his China cover up & ass-kissing. Good to see USA war ship heading into disputed China Sea. Better message than an elite concert!
Chinese Proverb: The fish sees the bait, not the hook. ❖ #Chinese #Proverbs #Quotes
 Sichuan PD Times Technology Co. and Huawei, handed over 50,000 masks, 510 protective suits & 1,000 goggles to Angel of Hope Foundation. Honored to work with the First Lady to serve people. 
Curly hair don't 
Chinese new invention THE PUSSY DOG 
☆ Information about #Rayeon #나연 - Name: Lee Nayeon, 이나연 - Position: Vocalist - Birthday: November 24, 2001 - Zodiac Sign: Sagittarius - Chinese Zodiac Sign: Snake - Nationality: Korean - Height: 1.66 cm (5'5") - She can speak Korean, Chinese and English 
I'd do anything for some Chinese food rn :'( 
I'm not going to get into details and elevate their smear. One funny thing: the press release listed an address for the the event--it was originally an in-person press conference--and that address matches the Chinese embassy in DC.
Trudeau reading about those Chinese doctors like 
Newsom’s secretive $1-Billion mask deal with CHINESE automaker sparks bipartisan concerns declined requests for info about the agreement with BYD, the CHINESE electric car manufacturer hired to produce the masks already wired $495 M.  … via @YahooNews
Some good vibes.. Gujarat: 4000 industrial units allowed to operate. Amdavad 700, Rajkot 600, Kutch 750, Bharuch 450, Morbi 400, Surat 150. TN: Tirupur waiting for 15,000 cr business for masks & PPE. Maharashtra: Chinese auto investors kept $5 bn to invest in India in 3 years.
To be fair, when I saw the Chinese government chaining people into buildings and forgetting about them...I too, wondered what abomination of a plague they released. Turns out it was just that socialized healthcare is garbage  governments are evil. #coronavirus
I'm Chinese-American. My fiance is an immigrant in the US on a work visa. Waking up to this fresh wave of anti-immigrant rhetoric, still locked in quarantine-- I feel like a hunted animal in a glass house outside of which we can see everything burning, burning, burning.
ICMR directly procured faulty Covid-19 testing kits from Chinese vendors. Very worrisome development.  …
I'm lost today... More lost than Greta on the most polluted chinese cities. 
The people of Nigeria I have enough of the Chinese abuse. And they’re telling the Chinese to get out. 
With no end in sight to this Chinese Virus, we have decided to convert the Jones into an oil storage facility. We have capacity for 100k barrels. 
Chinese Blogger朱海舟 shares the vid of his performance Model 3 retrofitted with foot sensor for the automatic trunk lift. #Model3 is fast  the “street car” for Chinese millennials like what #BMW 3 series did a few years ago, which many rush to retrofit or 
recently found out about munjado (문자도/文字圖), a type of native korean art style in which chinese characters are drawn using inspiration from their meanings 
Chinese investment in India has now crossed $26 billion Our Major Startups are Funded by  (16 out of 23 Indian Unicorns) 
So you're telling me that she's a korean idol that learned english in a chinese school? Multilingual queen ☆ #RAYEON #FANATICS #파나틱스 #나연 #바비걸 
I don't want to spoil too much, so I will just make it short and simple. This has to be one of the craziest games I have ever played: THE CHINESE LEE SIN PRODIGY! (Ft. @TLCoreJJ) Video link:  
However, almost  reports of Chinese equipment being substandard and unusable at best, and even deliberately wrongly calibrated at worst. There were reports of Chinese factory owners deliberately manufacturing thermometers that gave wrong readings, in order..
>Chinese Bio-weapon >Spliced with HIV When this is all over; nations  together and fuck the Chinese government in the ass. They can't keep getting away with it. Not again. Thread has archived screencaps since Pastebin links are getting removed:  … 
So the Chinese decided to go on a different tract. There were soon photos of Chinese origin relief material being shipped all over the world. Even Jack Ma, a prized asset of the CCP posed in front of one such consignment and tweeted about it.
Lisa Vanderpump lobbies Trump to take action against Chinese sale and slaughter of live animals 
so in conclusion SJ 2020 will maintain activities in the China's Market when the Chinese market reopens, high possibility of SJM activities, also D&E schedule could be the start of promotion that r delayed/canceled (still dunno the label/agency decision) due to current situation. 
These Chinese kung fu students believe swinging bricks from their testicles will make them strong. 
i hate colorism so much ugh the fact that asians are rooting for lana just because she’s white but attack feifei with racist stuff and death treats while SHES ACTUALLY CHINESE
Senate Intelligence Committee Know how you can tell President Trump is doing a great job with the Chinese Wuhan Virus? They dredge up the fake Russia helped him with $400k @Facebook ads, When mini Mike spent a billion on ads and it didn't help him at all.
These knock off masks are such a kick in the PPE. By the standards of Chinese regulators, they are suitable for applying sparkle gel nails and that's about it.  …
you have to harvest the melanin from a live specimen. too many have been dying from the virus, and the supply has been cut off. the chinese are working on a synthetic analog, but development has proceeded at a snail's pace.  …
Here's the lawsuit the Missouri AG filed in federal court today seeking to hold the Chinese govt liable for the spread of COVID-19:  … Federal law does allows for lawsuits against foreign govts, but the bar is high to convince a court it has jurisdiction.
Evidence for the link between #COVID19 and pangolins is inconclusive, but it has already prompted the Chinese government to take action. If more actions against the wildlife trade follow, this could prove to be a turning point for pangolin conservation.  …
tesla deja vu? every chinese will try the fake meat 
We may be a small business, but our hearts are big. Thank you for supporting 
I won the new conspiracy theory version of CLUE: It was Bill Gates in the Chinese army medical lab with the 5G cell phone tower.
Chinese father and daughter take rope jumping to the next level... 
"Use your smile to change the world; don’t let the world change your smile.” – Chinese Proverb #bjyx 
'China die': Racist vandals target Chinese-Australian family's home in Melbourne  …
Could the coronavirus have escaped from a virology laboratory in Wuhan, China? Chinese and American colleagues of virologist She Zhengli say no way, but the suspicions haven't been laid to rest. 
Americans should be able to SUE China for damages caused by the Chinese virus. Retweet if you agree!
Hollyweird Has $9 Billion Reasons to Not Blame China for the Coronavirus. The major studios are relying on Chinese moviegoers the second largest movie market, playing nice with China’s film officials who control which titles get to play in the country’s more than 60,000 cinemas. 
Harvard Chemistry Chairman Under Investigation Is a Giant of His Field Charles Lieber is charged with lying to U.S. authorities about taking millions of dollars from the Chinese government. Does he have Something to do with the Corona Virus Pandemic?  …
. @JasonMillerinDC: Per @PewResearch poll, a significant majority believe the world is better off with American rather than Chinese leadership Do people realize we're at the tip of that no longer being the case? #WarRoomPandemic Listen & watch 
You guys are burying the lede here. Mr. Chinese Propaganda is acknowledging “tank man” and the Tinanmem Square massacre. Someone’s about to get shipped off to the re-education camps.  …
There is a lot of hatred for the people who run Hollywood, the media, the banks, political pressure groups, Wall Street, the porn industry, and academia. What’s going to happen when people figure out it isn’t the Chinese that run these things?  …
Sen. Hawley has legislation to hold China accountable for silencing whistleblowers & withholding critical information. His bill would strip China of its immunity in US courts and create a private right of action against the Chinese Communist Party.  …
Is it just me or is Chinese propaganda getting lazier? Maybe they don't realize our internet isn't censored by Communists, and that Americans are perfectly capable of spending 11 seconds on Google and learning AIDs' origin in the Belgian Congo nearly a century ago.  …
Bannon: Whoever frees the Chinese people is going to write the history of the first half of the 21st century #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus Listen & watch 
Pres. Trump has temporarily banned all immigration while we deal with this virus that has brought us to a near depression. Good When the President reopens the borders, he should continue to exclude Chinese immigrants and travelers China did this to us. We don't need them.
"[T]he poll found that Americans recognize that the U.S. is the world’s leading economic power and the world’s leading military power. A significant majority, 91%, believe that the world is better off with American rather than Chinese leadership."  …
Here is an update to my earlier article, which asked six questions of the Chinese government:  … It includes a response to Daniel Bell:  … The original article is  …
Many Indian businesses did the opposite. Father acquired an old  Son 'embraced' globalization and turned the factory floor into a warehouse for Chinese junk.  …
Gavin Newsom: You're not allowed to work. Gavin Newsom: Also, I'm giving $125 million of your dollars to illegal aliens. Gavin Newsom: Also, I'm giving a billion dollars of your stimulus money to China for some defective 
Another Brave Traditional Chinese Medicine Doctor is collect Treatment Herb for dying Foreigner who need Effective Proven Medicine. The World owe Thank to our China! 
When the new #Coronavirus originated in Wuhan, the Chinese Communist Party covered up its severity and let it get out of control. This ignorance has thrown the world into chaos. We must hold the CCP accountable for the harm its caused the Chinese people and the global economy.
Vietnam mulls legal action over South China Sea dispute ... This is worth highlighting again. Vietnam and Malaysia have many tools left in their kit to push back against Chinese encroachments in the South China Sea 
"A Chinese journalist in Washington told me that China Global Television Network already has a plan to replace the staff it sent home: They’ll hire some American journalists on contract to help with the propaganda broadcasts" @benyt  …
Bottomline: The world beyond their borders and except their one and only 'true' friend, Pakistan was simply NOT in a mood to buy their bullshit anymore. They were literally clutching at the straws out here. There was even a tweet by an official Chinese handle quoting a ..
For the time being I'm probably still just a Chinese Lee Sin apprentice.. those players are next level
ICMR directly procured faulty Covid-19 testing kits from Chinese vendors  …
ARTICLE:”US Eyes Report on N. Korea Leader Kim Jong-Un’s Health; S. Korea Casts Doubt”-Luk.21:25 - S. Korean & Chinese officials cast doubt on reports that N. Korean leader Kim Jong Un is ill, while US officials said they are closely monitoring situation -  …
The energy you on @CisNyakundi can be used to negotiate with the Chinese Government so as you can bring back our sisters and brothers who are undergoing tough times China. Misplaced priorities. Nktest. Focus! #DCIODPPHandsOffNyakundi  …
State report: Russian Chinese, and Iranian disinformation narratives echo one another  via @politico
Covid-19: Stop using Chinese rapid test kits for 2 days, says ICMR  of faulty kits emerge - India News. Same worrisome news, different channel.  …
lana when shes white trying to be a kpop idol and is in a chinese survival show 
Gravitas: 2 Videos that expose Chinese propaganda  via @WIONews
Interesting review of Sweden’s daring approach and reminding us that we are not Swedish,nor NZ,nor Chinese nor Taiwanese. So what works or does not work elsewhere(and if it is working IS questionable)is not a one-size-fits-all but specific to each country  …
Intecept: Smithfield's Wisconsin Plant Hid Infections, Engineered COVID 'Hot Zone' (while infecting meat as well?0 Introduction Smithfield, for means of disclosure, is 100% owned by a  closely tied to the Chinese military. They own plants across the US ... 
Appears that Chinese media is just like Fox News-both state media that spews lies to help their Supreme Leader: Chinese Media Claims US Started AIDS, Complains About Discrimination  via @mediaite
Chinese American COVID 19 Relief AZ has held fundraisers to buy masks to donate to first responders, today they donated 5,000 to @MesaPD. 
Jades, bronzes, scholar’s objects and Ming and Qing porcelains – explore a wide range of works of art in our Pavilion Online: Chinese Art auction, open for bidding until 28 April:  
Chinese Media Claims US Started AIDS Crisis  … via @getongab
so do chinese HXD-2s and many other soviet n chinese  :) 
Smino - She Already Decided REVIEW Blac Soda my fav song from it. What’s 
Did someone say lunch?!?! 
US tools: sanctions, tariffs, CFIUS, export controls. Chinese tools: cancelled licenses/contracts/trade/package tours, boycotts. Join @petereharrell @afeng79 @damienics and me to discuss economic coercion in the US-China relationship 4/24 10am  …
Under 20 minutes Chinese Dinner ready 
My local Chinese has just put all its customers in a WhatsApp group chat, must have gotten our numbers off the phone or something, n fkn Sandra from down the road is reporting them to the police for breaching data protection, poor fkers only wanted to let us know the grubs back
it is such a beautiful day. i should be sitting in a park with my girlfriend but instead i am playing call of duty and eating cold Chinese food.
Newest Chinese propaganda to be picked up imminently by NBC and CNN, I suspect...  …
Fauci is a hoax , he paid 3.7 million to Chinese, so Wuhan lab could finish enhancing the virus! US $$$
This was an old Imperial Chinese punishment 諸九族, "eliminate nine generations"
We can't thank the Richmond Chinese American Community (RCAC) enough for their generous and kind donation. The support of  during these times has been remarkable. Thank you and stay safe.  …
now i realize why i have 0 chinese friends
The water orton chippy is back open! All I need is the Chinese back now!
America if you could make a selection between capitalism and socialism, which one would you choose? @JoeBiden Chinese asset! #VoteRedToSaveAmerica2020  …
Many of our telecom networks are operated by them. They can carry out Information Warfare, core of Chinese military doctrine, through them. High time to reverse and indigenise Indian telecom networks, reserve them for  only, for national and economic security.  …
Fk me I’ve made a Chinese that tastes better than a fkn take away 
Nobody better cone for feifei because Lana's chinese was a damn trainwreck. And I dont even speak chinese and I know
So Boston too, and US military possibly, and NY is expected to possibly have this situation also... Any pro analysis here? You do wonder how much defective Chinese testing product, and/or otherwise early, not highly accurate technology is at play here-???
But 40,000 Chinese tourists or nationals entered the US after the order. Take off the blinders
this was so painful to watch and i dont even speak chinese 
RT if you think ZOOM is an  and you don’t want anyone else to fall into their 
#Gravitas | India has stopped using Chinese testing kits. Only 5.4% of the kits give an accurate result. Other countries  about China's #COVID19 supplies. Why is India then buying from China? @palkisu tells you why India must rethink its decision to buy from 
As a kid I loved learning about science through @altonbrown’s cooking show. I hope that making videos along that same vein but in my own style with lots of doodles, and spicy vegan Chinese food, I can encourage others to find the everyday applications of scientific concepts!
You can stay home forever.....if you're a shy Chinese panda..l 
>verified "news" outlets blatantly lying about Fredo "finally emerging from his basement for the first time!" >verified Chinese propaganda outlets blatantly lying about AIDS originating in America Be sure not to misgender on here though, that's grounds for a ban!
Asked my Chinese Takeout guy same thing...said "Sumting Wong wid that"
Sooo I didn’t know black ppl were the only  at the Chinese ...could’ve sworn we starting sticking up for them more so than anyone but ight
While this is still in its early stages, it is important to know that we have allies who will continue to bring animal cruelty issues to the attention of the Chinese government in every opportunity that arises. 
I think  price rules. This exlains the success of Walmart and the massive use of Chinese production. Some practices are cost effective; many are not. #USABizParty
Imp. views @StephenBannon: 1)The predatory nature of Chinese Capitalist is similar 2 East India Company 2)RCEP - @narendramodi is right b'coz he is nt selling the Indian people into a system of Slavery 3)Modi's ideas are wht the Future is! 4)Chinese System is going 2 Collapse
Two honorable mentions that aren’t really leafy greens but deserve fucking recognition: red cabbage (fucks!!!, delicious flavor, adds a crunch to anything, cute color?????) and Gai lan/Chinese Broc. (it’s leafy enough leave me the fuck alone, plus sautéed it’s just CHEFS KISS) 
I’m marrying a chinese  …
BREAKING: Missouri’s attorney general has filed a lawsuit against the Chinese government over the coronavirus, claiming Chinese officials are to blame for the global pandemic.  #KAKEnews
We started in January, and now our first #COVID19 #infoveillance study was published today in @jmirpub analyzing #chinese #socialmedia posts at the early stages of the #pandemic. Shout out to @jmirpub for knowing how to handle manuscripts. More 
It is part of the worldwide HSBC Group and is wholly owned by Hong Kong-based The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited. Owned by the Chinese. Proud sponsors of the BBC. Leeches. And HSBC.
What if Trump knew that this was an act of war? People would have freaked. Try using  sense. Why isnt your outrage at the Chinese for a deliberate act of war on the world? And now is blaming the US?
Alright I’m trying the marmite. It tastes... it doesn’t have much taste, beyond salty. It reminds me of this salty Chinese snack thing my dad used to get. 
Clinton sold Missile Tech to the RED Chinese. Congress held Hearings. Had to subpoena quite a few Clintonistas. MOST FLED THE COUNTRY. as in 80+ "On Vacation" etc. GOP Congressmen tried to get the MSM to cover it. Nope.
This virus is CHINA’s fault. They failed to close the wet markets after SARS and continued the practice. Recent media reports have their disease infected Chinese wet markets are back in business. Hundreds of thousand are dead and 25 Million unemployed in the USA. MADE IN CHINA. 
I don't know the species, but it's a Chinese delicacy.
Chinese Mall Workers Deny African Women Access To Shop But Allow Mzungu ...  via @YouTube
8 years ago we opened a hxc festival that a headliner bailed on to play a "cooler" RSD showcase. Our guitarist's amp shit the bed. We had the biggest crowd because all the bands were there and couldn't leave yet. We ate B grade Chinese and got drunk in a hotel like rockstars. 
 hot-heart hot-heart Chinese Traditional Dress Female Sleeveless Cheongsam Chinese Traditional Dress Women Qipao;  
There were reports that Chinese test kits failed in Spain and France. Doesn't these guys learn from mistakes? Shouldn't they put a quality check before issuing kits to the states? Will the media ask  imported these kits? #lockdown  …
Jiao Hongwei, Chinese name: 焦宏伟 Political positions: Member of the Heilongjiang Provincial People's Congress, Representative of the 15th Harbin Municipal People's Congress, Member of the 12th Harbin CPPCC In a 4/19/2020 weibo tweet, Jiao Hongwei states (see screenshot): 
"invisible enemy" is now supposedly stopped, while the visible enemy, impeached potus, rages on nonsensically.. Blame the Chinese, Blame WHO, Blame Obama, Blame CDC, Blame the Democrats, Blame the media.. Meanwhile impeached potus rages on nonsensically/not responsible.
Watch: A vet from Sherwood is busting the myths surrounding coronavirus and our pets. This month, a Chinese study claimed that cats were highly susceptible to the disease. But the @who says there’s little risk to our four-legged friends. Dr Ashley Davies spoke to 
I have been criticizing China A LOT lately for obvious reasons, but our Western societies are getting closer and closer to being just as oppressive. Some Chinese were kind of right, they said the West makes you believe you're free but the reality is not that diff from theirs.
Chinese Type 56-1
Can we expect tanks on the streets as well? The ANC's Chinese Communist Party training  in handy ne? 
You mean they raised $$for the Chinese Communist Party
Virgin Atlantic is 80% owned by Delta & KLM/Air France Virgin Australia is 90% owned by Etihad & two  (Nanshan Holdings & HNA Group) If @RishiSunak so much as gives them one penny, taxpayers (whose money it is) should riot
Chinese kits have an efficiency of 5.1% it will always show an inefficiency of 94.9%
State Attorney General Eric Schmitt is suing the Chinese government, claiming officials' actions to suppress information on COVID-19 in December led to loss of life and harsh …  …
Who the hell wants Chinese coffee?! It'll be made like everything else in China-CRAP.
Came across this tweet by a Chinese handle. 
NATO Warns: "Watch out for  swooping in with buckets of cash to buy strategic stakes, or majority control in U.S. and  as asset prices fall due to the pandemic." #BackToWorkNOW #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #MAGA  …
The Chinese stopped internal flights but not flights out of China - all before they admitted having a problem - many thousands left china
China absolutely to blame for killing thousands of people Chinese ambassador says China not to blame for coronavirus pandemic  … via @TrueNorthCentre
Well that's pretty much the goal. The capitalist elite benefits from a perpetual state of war so they have to keep reimagining their perceived enemies, be they scary Russians, scary Islamic terrorists, or scary Chinese.
Car Alarm Challenge! #TikTok 
200421 @CCTV channel 6 news on @layzhang's donation for Corona virus outbreak:"…Korea supporting China, this time also quickly gave back to , for ex young Chinese actor Zhang Yixing, who was once a trainee in , donated 20 million won to 'd Disaster Relief Association…" 
@TheRickWilson @patton6966 @charliekirk11 @TiffanyBlu4 Chinese Agent Charles Lieber & His Virus Transmitters  …
40 days without a cigarette, 30 days without alcohol. Ran and walked (only walked a little bit) 51 miles since the start of April. Lost 6lbs and 3.5% body fat. Feeling 
“This is a  coverup. They lied to the world. Thousands of people have died because they lied… This is exactly what @realDonaldTrump - when he was candidate Trump - warned us about.” @GOPLeader is spot 
'Enough is enough. Is time to hold #China accountable for unleashing the #CoronaVirus pandemic upon the world.' My op-ed in @newsmax, including how to hold the Chinese Communist leadership to account for the incredible devastation they have created:  …
Today I am thinking of 2 Chinese prisoners of conscience: Wang Bingzhang & Zhang Baocheng. They languish behind bars for daring to advocate a free society. Why did the UN Human Rights Council allow China to join the 5-nation panel that chooses the experts on arbitrary detention? 
Chinese virus doing it’s job 
Where’s the OPPOSITION? I want to see ODM, Wiper, ANC, and Ford-K pile a TON of PRESSURE on Mr. Kenyatta to bring home Kenyans being ABUSED in China and to RETALIATE against the Chinese government @RailaOdinga @skmusyoka @Wetangulam @MusaliaMudavadi @TheODMparty @WiperMovement – at Garden Of Eden
1. Why did Canada buy TransMountain pipeline? 2. Why can't we ban Huawei? 3. Why does Canada need   for #COVID19 losses? Answer to all 3 questions: #FIPA, the trade agreement with China that @stephenharper signed.  …
Chinese Restaurant use bizzare makeshift barrier to serve customers 
lockdown means no more chinese so had to make my own n i have to say it was fit 
lana going on a chinese show when she can’t speak chinese and expecting someone to hold her hand thru it that’s white women behavior 
#coronavirus We are a Chinese factory that can supply various types of masks, and we have a certificate issued by the US FDA. 
You Protect Us, We Support You! Thank you from the students of the Atlanta Contemporary Basketball Association who donated masks to our frontline heroes at Fulton County Sheriff 
These Chinese Silk Chickens are too funny! 
That’s why mothers  here for decades to take advantage of citizenship requirements to have anchor babies under the practice of birth tourism. The Chinese Communist Party is evil. They lie & spread propaganda while our politicians facilitate their harming our country.
Debunked mystery 10s of thousands were allowed  to the USA not only Chinese nationals such a big lie 
About #China-- a lady explains circumstances under which the #Chinese official coerced a #Ugandan guy into saying something good about #China. Where did the #Chinese authorities take the 14 #Ugandans? @jojobusing, @CAOYI170610, @kaysafi1, @starworldbeauty, 
The Chinese made those shit masks. Should’ve never bought them from China! Back to square one. We should’ve been making our own PPE in Canada. Fuck China
"Sweden has shut down the last of its Chinese state-sponsored teaching programmes as relations between the two countries deteriorate into hostility and mutual suspicion."  …
Fred, the Chinese Duck 
Looking for a friend chat in English and Chinese，learning from each other. 
The representatives of Cape Town Chinese Community Police Forum handed over the donation of goods valued at R300,000.00 to Alderman Dan Plato, executive mayor of Cape Town, to support the city in its fight against COVID-19. 
Chinese Soldiers Seen Testing New QBZ-191 Assault Rifle. How Deadly Is It? | The National Interest  …
Lab or wet market, this pandemic is still a result of Chinese government  and negligence. They are responsible.
got the healthy kit from the Chinese Embassy, lovely 
My brother, you don't know Chinese. Check on Trey Trey page and see how the Chinese forced the 2 Ugandans were TREATED by telling them to tell lies to the world that Chinese treated them well. Totally lie  …
#ToughGuyTuesday - LAST HURRAH FOR CHIVALRY (1979) - Before double-fisting fountains of "heroic bloodshed", director #JohnWoo cranked out this Chinese martial arts ballet about two sword warriors on a quest for justice!  
My trollbot detector rates FWS@FWS75291545 as a chinese trollbot. 
Noone wants death of Chinese.... noone hates Chinese but everyone hates CCP because CCP is more dangerous than coronavirus....CCP never shows real data or informs correctly...
A green plastic watering can For a fake Chinese rubber plant In the fake plastic earth 
I was pained watching this. I been learning Chinese for a month and a half and I can speak better than that shit 
Now  …
The New York Times just runs Chinese propaganda as a matter of course now.  …
Loving the new releases in the Fallout 76 Atomic Shop. Particularly the Chinese Assault rifle skin from Fallout 3. The collectron and the tile flooring is dope as well. 
Sharing a cup of coffee with friends can be the perfect way to kick-start your day! Although we might not be able to meet face-to-face, there's no better time to catch up over video 
Whether deliberately or not, China has to be held accountable  the world for deaths and economic damages. Seize the Chinese assets (CCP leaders have hid their money in US and Europe) around the world 
Missouri @AGEricSchmitt files lawsuit against Chinese government, Chinese Communist Party, and other Chinese officials and institutions for damages resulting from coronavirus pandemic.  …
"I don't know, I don't speak Chinese" 
This was said by Tarek
Now on the topic, Chinese government being this aggressive covering up the problem, remember, Dr. Ai Fen is still missing. Makes me worrisome
If a fart can get through underwear and a pair of jeans, how can a mask made of cloth save you from the Chinese Virus?!? Asking for a friend
Not sure weather to order a Chinese or Dominos on Saturday...
chinese tech is all Russian copied. So what is so special about it that should surprise India..??
I want some good fried chicken or some greasy Chinese food b.
I dislike that I look Chinese asf. 
A website run by the Russian Defense Ministry pushes a conspiracy theory that Bill Gates is fueling the #COVID19 pandemic -- the same conspiracy theory being spouted by many protesters in the US this  …
Newsom's secretive $1-billion mask deal with Chinese automaker sparks bipartisan concerns. ⁦  …
These Chinese kung fu students believe swinging bricks from their testicles will make them strong. 
Chinese doctors’ skin turns dark after surviving COVID-19  
#WangQuanzhang still cannot rejoin his family in #Beijing. The Chairs renew their call for an end to his arbitrary detention & urges the @UN_SPExperts to investigate the #Chinese govt's practice of subjecting political prisoners to exile/house arrest  prison terms 
Europe's most-read paper Bild published an "invoice" to Beijing totaling $160B for loss to Germany's economy caused by the pandemic. Part of growing calls to make Chinese regime pay for its coverup resulting in global spread of  …
Not only is Xi’s regime responsible for the deaths of tens of thousands around the world, but his first victims were the Uyghurs, Hong Kong, and the Chinese people themselves
Who is to be blamed for Faulty Chinese test kits? Indian Embassy, Beijing? Govt of India, New Delhi? Foreign Ministry? Ministry of Health? ICMR? Or the collective stupidity of trusting the Criminal Communist Party of China?
#Live & #Exclusive | India has a big role to play in forming strategic alliances & stopping the Chinese from controlling the Eurasian landmass: @StephenBannon, Host, @WarRoomPandemic & Political Strategist tells Rahul Shivshankar on INDIA UPFRONT. | 
【Gliscor‘s Chinese Class】Class-1 [威神] #way #WayV 
Contact the Chinese Embassy 
If you are using TikTok you are helping spy for the Chinese.  …
And here it is. The Chinese have beaten everyone in the race. They report today (non-peer-reviewed) on PiCoVacc, the first "Heat Killed" β-propiolactone-inactivated SARS-CoV-2 vaccine strain that  protection in nonhuman primates. Must-read.  
He is blaming the WHO for not being on the ground in China to observe and confirm fundings yet he just last year he removed the CDC epidemiologist embedded with Chinese CDC equivalent!  …  …
Pretty dumb for someone writing Chinese govt propaganda to reference Tank Man/Tiananmen square Maybe that's why he hasn't been heard from since...  …
In which a propaganda rag of the Chinese Communist Party attempts to argue — in a new spin on the old Soviet propaganda — that HIV is somehow an American plot. Get new writers! Also, you are still obfuscating on COVID-19, and we all know it. Also, free the Uighurs. 
DISAPPEARED: Chinese bloggers Fang Bin & Chen Qiushi are nowhere to be found 2 months after reporting on coronavirus spread in Wuhan. Why did China just join a U.N. Human Rights Council panel that will choose 17 different world human rights monitors?  
1. Factually incorrect: AIDS originated in Africa. 2. The US did not cover up AIDS. 3. The US led the world’s fight against the disease. 4. If the Chinese government had acted transparently, the world would not blame China for #coronavirus 
CNN's Don Lemon rips stay-at-home protesters for 'complaining that they don't have haircuts'. Americans are fed up with the MSM and their constant lies and slander. CNN actually published Chinese propaganda. People are losing their buisnesses you POS!  …
In addition, came a glut of 'compliant' articles on much of the world's more 'respected' media houses. Then there were the Chinese diplomats who too did their bit by trying their darnedest best in the freedom of speech in their own host countries, leading at times to unforeseen..
The Chinese government's cover-up of #COVID19 and campaign of disinformation exacerbated the effects of this crisis across the globe. The left delaying additional funding for the Paycheck Protection Program and EIDL has exacerbated the economic pain felt by American  …
Evidence for the link between #COVID19 and pangolins is inconclusive, but it has already prompted the Chinese government to take action. If more actions against the wildlife trade follow, this could prove to be a turning point for pangolin conservation.  …
“This is the Chinese version of reality: they’ve claimed that they didn’t have any more cases, that they had defeated the disease, the pandemic, in their own country. And so, logically any new cases in China must  from ‘outside."—  …
Spicy Ginger Beef stir fry – tender beef sirloin with crispy ginger, green veg and a simple-but-tasty Chinese-inspired sauce.  … #beef #beefstirfry #gingerbeef #Asiandinner #betterthantakeout #fakeaway
Chinese electric vehicle maker BYD's profit slumps after subsidy cuts  
Just because the government failed to acquire PPE, full body suits, masks for the populace, enough testing kits or to use CT scans to screen people like the Chinese did, does not mean these things don’t work. It means your government failed you. Stop making excuses. #COVID19
The food supplies presented by 6 Gwadar-based Chinese enterprises have been successfully handed over to underprivileged families in remote #Balochistan, we wish them a safe & peaceful #Ramadan.Long Live China Pakistan 
Niger basin, rich arable land ready for cultivation.. check google earth and see the vast land along the Lagos - Ibadan expressway along the River Ogun and Osun basin that can provide irrigation all year round. Do we need the Chinese  here and teach us how to farm? 
Mister President @realDonaldTrump we the people urge severe sanctions against Chinese Communist Party who deliberately covered up #COVID19 outbreak! #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #ChinaMustPay #CommunistVirus  …
A list of major International organizations that have been infiltrated by the #Chinese #CCP regime. This is not  list by all means, #China was recently appointed to a seat on the Consultative Group of the United Nations Human Rights 
There were reports that the quintessential Godless businessmen that the Chinese are, they were demanding that their crown jewel, Huawei be given the go-ahead for establishing 5G networks in countries such as Britain and France, before they would supply life saving equipment in ..
Leaked Chinese conversations dug up: 
My man was ordering Chinese, saw his sons abuser and said “hold on one second”
Nigeria...citizens burning Chinese stores in retaliation of what's happening in China with blacks 
Breaking: Missouri's attorney general sues the Chinese government in the first state lawsuit against the CCP for concealing the spread of the coronavirus. "They must be held accountable for their actions,” he said. Expect more state lawsuits   …
There was hope, until the Chinese revealed their ultimate weapon - the Middle Kingdom Syndrome. They went ballistic with their 'anger' at the much justifiable backlash at their own mishandling of the issue in the very initial days. Surprised, anyone? I for one, am not!
Wayv dont have many songs to hold an entire concert so this is the perfect occasion for them to perform a cover of Obsession chinese version
where are the lana stans who said she could speak chinese now... where is your duolingo god... my cat probably understands more chinese than she does and i only talk to him in chinese when im drunk 
Trump killed a bunch of vets. Seems like the kind of thing  opposition party could run with if they weren't too busy cutting ads claiming the president wasn't racist enough against Chinese people.  …
The Chinese are magicians...they make it so easy to get rid of the Chinese Virus. Just use their kits and get negative results....ergo, problem solved  …
Did the coronavirus escape from a Wuhan virology lab? Chinese and U.S. colleagues of virologist She Zhengli say no way, but speculation is rife  …
Missouri 1st US State to Sue #China for #Coronavirus. AG filed lawsuit against Chinese government, CCP, officials, institutions, alleging their actions to suppress info, arrest whistleblowers, deny contagious nature led to loss of life and severe econ  …
No matter what the Chinese Communist Party says, given the mounting evidence, the most likely origins for the China virus are the Wuhan labs studying bats and coronavirus.  …
Here is some interesting information. From the Vanch website.  with Chinese standard YY/T 0969-2013 
China Lies; Biden Hides Joe Biden, carrying on his dovish stance towards China, has refused to address  country's concealment of the coronavirus and has instead touted Chinese misinformation to the public.  …
The links between leading American politicians  and the Chinese leadership are now likely  under increased scrutiny. First on that list of those deserving of close attention is the senior U.S. senator from California, Dianne Feinstein  …
When a lot of countries already declared Chinese Testing kits defective & asked China to take back their supplies (2-3 weeks ago), why Indian govt ordered chinese kits and using them. If there is a master strategy in this from govt.. as many friends always say.. then it's fine.
Man, this Scheer guy is just too dumb to understand many Chinese people died at home, so they didn't show up on any reports. Or that Chinese #COVID19 containment strategy.. lock-downs, quarantines, contact tracing etc etc were so effective that other nations adopted them #cdnpoli
You can’t make this up. California’s Governor inked a billion dollar deal to buy medical masks from a Chinese manufacturer with a history of selling faulty products. 
That’s so weird, my mom told me that she had a conversation with me once in my sleep and I switched from Danish to smth Chinese sounding. (It was probably not anything remotely Chinese) but my mom told me the next day and was like “honey tf?” 
The Left insists that the unalienable rights of citizens be infringed upon over the Chinese coronavirus, but loses their minds over a moratorium on immigration involving non-citizens who do not have the unalienable right to immigrate to the United States.
Lawmakers and former officials are making a last ditch push to persuade the #Trump admin to halt plans to invest billions of federal employee retirement dollars in  that Washington suspects of human rights abuses or threatening US 
Calif. Gov. Newsom signs billion dollar deal to buy faulty Chinese masks  via @YouTube #OANN @PearsonSharp
Photo Surfaces of W.H.O. Chief Meeting Chinese Officials with Shiva: Hindu 'God of Destruction' Breaking Israel News Latest News. Biblical Perspective depicts a meeting between the WHO and a Chinese organization focused on the domination of global markets  …
Two parts to your question sir. 1. Knowing fully the  of Chinese, who ordered? That is accountability #1. 2. When the kits are failing, is the vendor & Indian agent being blacklisted? That is accountability #2. Indian agent should be arrested under Epidemics Act.  …
Chinese father and daughter take rope jumping to the next level... 
What is this about @BroxahLoL being the new Chinese Leesin? 
ICMR directly procured faulty Covid-19 testing kits from Chinese vendors. Read it and weep.  …
Every State should file a enormous lawsuit against China. Take as many Chinese assets in the U.S. as we can. Hold them responsible!
The hypocrisy of Hancock talking about fake news from China. Were the Chinese behind the fake social media accounts designed to support the government? Did the Chinese steel the identities and photos of nurses used in these fake accounts? Er, no
Chinese billionaire Jack Ma donated 100 million medical masks, plus N95s and testing kits, to the WHO to support countries in need: "One world, one fight." He also recently donated millions more masks to the U.S., Europe and Africa. 
We can't have Illegals pouring over the Border bringing in a 2nd Wave of COVID-19 Or Carrying a New Virus developed by China in another Attack on President Trump and our Economy Cartels charge Chinese Nationals $8,000 to $10,000 Per Head to smuggle them across the Border in SD
sm hates their chinese artists, and in nct its so obvious bc they took 4/6 of their chinese members out of nct & put them into a group where they are still mistreated even tho they’re a CPOP group, and they do NAWT care any renle and shove them to the sides frequently
Complaints by countries about faulty Chinese medical equipments: India: Testing Kits Holland: Face Masks Spain: Testing Kits Turkey: Testing Kits Britain: Testing Kits Czech Republic: Testing Kits Netherlands: Face Mask Slovakia: Antibody Tests Finland: PPE Nepal: Testing Kits
Investing retirement money by our military into Chinese advanced weapons manufacturers whose main mission is to kill them in the event of a conflict, or even preemptively is unthinkable. All for a higher return. This must be stopped @realDonaldTrump  …
Don’t let media coverage of the Chinese Flu distract you from the real issues in America, such as the fact that Rep. Omar’s constituents are terrorists! Read about her jihadi district here:  
Beijing's "Wolf Warrior" diplomacy is more shock and awe than diplomacy: the Chinese embassy in Paris' online posts last week were so offensive as to get the ambassador summoned by the French MFA. My take for  …
Watching every single crisis that could have led to eco-socialism under a Bernie Presidency be used by Trump to accelerate inequality and climate disaster, only for Joe Biden to respond by saying he wasn’t cruel enough to the Chinese, is an extraordinarily depressing experience.
The GrayZone's @MaxBlumenthal and @ajitsingh investigated and nail definitively @joshrogin's WaPo Chinese lab virus conspiracy hoax, which fuels Trumpist demonstrations and which incredibly, both Fox news and liberal media have picked up! 
OTTERI! Nigerians burn Chinese factory in retaliation to attacks on Africans in China!  …
Dear @PMOIndia people of POJK are asking for our help (medicines and food) in this difficult Chinese virus situation. We should definitely help them out as those are our people as that is part of India. Pakistan has ignored them as they dont consider them as their but we do
A must watch from  new documentary about a workers' rank-and-file collective at the GM/Opel car plant in Bochum, Germany. The film traces its history from the early 1970s till today. With English, French, Slovakian and Chinese subtitles. 
The  is emphatic: there is no evidence that COVID-19 originated in a Chinese lab. This WMD-style conspiracy theory has been promoted by Trump and legitimized by the @washingtonpost and liberal "Resistance". @MaxBlumenthal and I  …
Praying for my African brothers and sisters in China. It’s sad that African countries can’t do anything about it since we owe the Chinese a lot of money. Very saddening!! 
Today I filed suit against the Chinese government to seek recovery for the devastating loss of life & economic suffering Missourians face as a result of the #COVID19 pandemic. The bottom line: they lied to the world & should be held  …
OTTERI! Guinea Rounds Up and Arrests Chinese Citizens Until All its Citizens Safely Return From China  …
"Sweden has shut down the last of its Chinese state-sponsored teaching programmes as relations between the two countries deteriorate into hostility and mutual suspicion."  …
What a bunch of idiots using Chinese drones 2 . Rights and  can this happen in a free Nation?cc: @realDonaldTrump WTF? Multiple States Are Using CHINESE DRONES To Help Enforce Social Distancing Rules  … via @Doug_Giles
200421 Yixing's demo for ep 2 of CZR2 "of all the flora across land and water, there are plenty to adore. I, for one, love only the lotus" Lyrics from classical Chinese Song Dynasty prose 'On the love of lotus' by Zhou Dunyi  @layzhang #LAYonCZR2
Rajasthan govt first to stop rapid testing thanks to the faulty Chinese kits
A Japanese avatar maker website #Picrew removed the politically engaged work of #Taiwan and #HongKong artists after some Chinese nationalists reported the website. As an art student I am offended. Could Chinese nationalists stop implementing Chinese censorship in the free world?  …
The coronavirus pandemic is forcing a rethink of the university business model built on overseas students who might now stay at home. Almost 1m Chinese students are now studying outside the country, but that could change  
Turns out, racism weakens a country and diversity strengthens it, but try telling that to the people who think 5G cell towers caused the coronavirus, cavemen shared the world with dinosaurs, climate change is a Chinese hoax, the Earth is flat and our local demagogue is a demigod.
please, please spare a thought for all the Chinese people whose personality revolves around bubble tea and mcspicy
Five Chinese medical teams already sent to ASEAN countries!The teams to Cambodia, Laos & the Philippines have wrapped up their task, and the ones to Myanmar & Malaysia are still carrying out intensive work on the ground.
Mexico saw a 20 percent rise over the weekend in the number of confirmed cases of the Chinese coronavirus. 
HANGYUL SPEAKING IN CHINESELIKE SERIOUSLY, WHAT HE CAN’T DO?? #HnD_SOULMATE_Debut #HnD_소울메이트_데뷔 #HnD_영원한_소울메이트 
‘Operation Kowtow’ — Ex-PM May’s Top Adviser Admits UK Submission to ‘Brutal’ Chinese Regime was ‘Naive’  …
Faulty Chinese supplies affect India's pandemic response. Coronavirus rapid test kits from China have an accuracy rate of just 5.4%!! The Rajasthan government has decided to stop using test kits from China. ICMR has advised other states to not use such kits for 2 days. @WIONews
Sumo Digital: Number of projects in the pipeline. Partnerships with 2K, Apple, Focus Home, Microsoft & Sega among others. New titles from its Sumo studios, The Chinese Room & Red Kite Games. Company saw increases in revenue & gross profit of 27% & 30% respectively in 2019. 
4•21•20 American media, ENEMY of the People! Our media are nothing more than PAID PROPAGANDISTS! These people are attacking their OWN President instead of the Communist Chinese government for the awful Wuhan Scourge. Oh, I forget, the CCP is paying them.. 
Rapid testing kits brought from  lands in trouble after Rajasthan govt stops use over inaccuracy; ICMR advises halt on any use for 2 days.  …
Thanks to the Chinese virus the dark underbelly of foreign-owned meatpacking giants is being exposed! These  voracious appetite for cheap immigrant labor has been changing American towns for decades.  
Dear @MinofHealthUG a good follower of mine has told me that there is need to follow up on some  that have been working on different projects especially roads, they are giving unverified masks to locals. This Tweet is not to cause alarm but to ask to be alert!
Dohyon greet us in english and japanese, and Hangyul in CHINESE We stan multilingual duo #HnD_SOULMATE_Debut #HnD_소울메이트_데뷔 #HnD_영원한_소울메이트 #HnD_6pm_SOULMATE
WATCH: Tucker Carlson Shows How Media And Democrats Appear To Be Parroting Chinese Propaganda 
Trump administration was investing federal pensions directly into sanctioned Chinese spy  now under investigation for bribery.  …
The mainstream media are out in full force, defending Bill Gates. Their alleging that he has  a Right-Wing target! Due to his involvement in Chinese virus vaccine development. Gates was in opposition to POTUS for defunding WHO. Hell Yes! They were Pro-China, plus hid facts
Quick thread: Chinese courts have ruled in favour of  in several major trademark/IP disputes in the past week. 1. China's supreme court banned a top  from using the 'jumpman' logo for infringing Michael Jordan's trademark  …
On @realDonaldTrump ‘s demand to investigate corona origin, the Chinese gave this super answer ..”H1N1,influenza,HIV/AIDS and 2008 financial crisis started in America and turned into a global crisis, So should we ask US accountability?"
Black people: I wont stand for anyone calling it the Chinese virus. Racism towards Asians is so normalized in America and we have  together instead of dividing during this crisis. We're in this together, United we stand, divided we fall. Asians: -say the n word for clout-
Canada under Trudeau has seen big influx of violent crime since 2015 -Quebec mosque shooting -Danforth shooting -Edmonton (ISIS flag) attack -Canadian Tire ISIS supporter -Nova Scotia mass shooting -Islamic attack-elderly Chinese woman killed w machete -Toronto “van” attack 
This is reality. Indian and Pakistani Muslims treat Arabs as their leaders or inspiration, while Arabs dont even give a damn about them or even Chinese Uighurs  …
Chinese mainland reports 11 new confirmed #Covid_19 cases  via 
Just logged into the Gates Foundation leaked emails. It's all real. >Adrenochrome shortage >Chinese Cringe Aids vaccine cover for implanting microchip crypto miner into people >6 million pedophiles arrested tonight >$400m USD spent this year trying to black bag #Qanon #Q #WWG1GWA 
“Kaun Jaat Ho” journalist, infamous as Pakistani agent, was behaving as Chinese agent yesterday. How  is he taking for acting as agent?
Eh, no point in thinking along those lines. Everyone is self-interested and wants to promote their values. Our values integrate human rights and individual freedoms in a way Chinese values do not.
And if ever I have to get away from it all, and in the words of a Chinese poet, wash all the wrongs of life from my pores, there’s simply nothing better than to climb out onto a rock and sit for hours with nothing in sight but sea and sky.
i feel like the same people trying to get 'China bioweapon' or 'leaked from a Chinese lab' theories to float are utilizing pizzagate style techniques to get them to float better, hard to explain but Falun Gong NTDT does have a Qanon show on it
Especially since the Chinese spy involved was on their faculty @BenKTallmadge 
Chinese consulates across the world have been distributing health packs to its overseas students that contain face masks, hand wipes and...连花清瘟胶囊...So they can’t get a plane tkt home but are bestowed on some TCM by the motherland. Who makes this drug? 
Tucker Carlson aired a segment that showed how a lot of the rhetoric being used by the mainstream media and Democratic Party matches the propaganda that  Chinese government is using to deflect blame over the coronavirus outbreak. 
Chinese singer-actor #WangYibo trended on Chinese social media thanks to his role in a short doomsday film where he plays a bionic man from the year of 2120 to raise awareness of #environment protection. 
I understand why politicians might say so, but clearly the message of all Australians is not to condemn racism, as the PM says. Otherwise Australians wouldn’t be racially abusing Chinese people on the street.
#auspol Zucky's sounding like a Beurocrat in the Chinese Communist Party. He's now telling us that information on Lockdown Protests will be removed because they're "Misinformation". Sounds exactly what goes on in Socialist countries. 
"North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is not believed to be critically ill, an official with the Chinese Communist Party’s International Liaison Department told Reuters on Tuesday, following media reports about the state of Kim’s health."  …
In 2015, American researchers and Chinese Wuhan Institute of Virology researchers collaborated to transform an animal coronavirus into one that can attack humans. Scientists from prestigious American universities  …. @realDonaldTrump @charliekirk11
The Chinese government has mulled allocating an additional quota of 1 trillion yuan (about $141.52 billion) in advance for the issuance of local government special bonds, said the Ministry of Finance on Monday. 
More concerned about the Chinese doctor , now .
Biden: you should have banned the Chinese Trump: Good idea. I will ban everyone. How are we supposed to trust the Democrats when this is the policy trend?
Some people see stars from a gutter. But Chinese agents see the gutter from stars. 
BREAKING: Multiple US officials tell @OANN that Kim Jong Un caught COVID19 from a Chinese doctor flown in to help with his heart valve surgery. He appears to be in stable condition for now.
YouTube CEO #SusanWojcicki told CNN’s #BrianStelter “anything that would go against W.H.O.  is a #violation of #YouTube’s policies #WHO routinely peddles #Chinese #propaganda, lied about #coronavirus severity #QAnon #QAnon2018 #QAnon2020 
OBAMA ADMINISTRATION GAVE A 3.7 MILLION DOLLAR GRANT TO THE WUHAN LEVEL 4 VIRUS LAB IN 2015 OBAMA MUST HAVE ORDERED A CHINESE TAKE-OUT SPECIAL DELIVERY DIM SUM BAT AND WUHAN PU PU PLATTER? OBAMA IS A TRAITOR SEND OBAMA TO GITMO NOW 
I can just imagine this @chrislhayes tweet now: "Yikes! This is disturbing but Trump is not wrong about this Invisible Enemy business. I mean, and I say this technically, the Chinese Wuhan bioweapon virus is invisible to the naked eye."  …
Chinese Woman Facing 10 Years in Prison for Protesting Coronavirus Response 
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is not believed to be critically ill, an official with the Chinese Communist Party’s International Liaison Department, the main Chinese body dealing with Pyongyang, told Reuters, following media reports about Kim’s health. 
the "Jennie Effect" as addressed by Gentle Monster's Marketing Representative as the Official Website & WeChat Website for Chinese fans both crashed down due to the traffic. Congratulations Designer Jennie! #JentleHomeByJennie 
my people are something else i apologize for the chinese 
trump: *has sex with the american flag* biden: trump said the chinese did a good job, but i think the chinese need to go to hell!
@.jinkyu Gentle Monster's Marketing confirmed that the Website is suffering a server congestion! Both GM's Official website & the Official WeChat Mini Program for Chinese fans. The congestion started since 1 minute of it's release! #JentleHomeByJennie 
Reuters: The official declined to be identified given the sensitivity of the matter. The International Liaison Department is the main Chinese body dealing with neighbouring North Korea.
Do it....Nick Sandman got filthy rich off those idiots.... CNN puts our Chinese propaganda....Sue the crap out of them
One great lesson from the COVID-19 crisis is the need to decouple America from the Chinese supply chain. Trump was always right. 
"Chinese leaders aim to put in place a modern-day version of the tributary system that Chinese emperors used to establish authority over vassal states. Under that system, kingdoms could trade & enjoy peace with the Chinese empire in return for submission." 
Trump launched his campaign calling immigrants & Mexicans “rapists” & now blames immigrants for the virus, calling it the “Chinese virus” Trump using this crisis to attack immigrants & fuel white nationalism, it’s not shocking. We must stop him. Pay attention!  …
President Trump trusted Chinese propaganda over US intelligence. He spent 70 precious days not producing PPE, tests, ventilators, or practicing social distancing, while promoting what a great & transparent job Xi was doing. China lied, Trump believed their lies: both are to blame 
Miss Chinese food
"processing trade, in which China imports parts and materials and processes for external final destinations - has shrunk dramatically. Currently, processing trade accounts for a mere 5% of Chinese GDP, down from 19% at its peak in 2007.” @alpinemacro via 
There is more to this than Chinese Virus. Dropped Fed rates now controlled by treasury. Oil prices drop. You watched the stock market dive and recover right away. Media exposed. Vaccines exposed and Big Pharma. China exposed and Peliso's walking around Chinatown without a care?
Reuters: SOURCE AT CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY'S INTERNATIONAL LIAISON DEPT SAYS N.KOREAN LEADER KIM IS BELIEVED NOT TO BE CRITICALLY ILL
Hotels are eager to  Chinese guests as a survey confirmed tourists are ready to return, since the yuan has appreciated against the baht and airlines are restarting their activities. Hotels  back Chinese  … #COVID19 #โควิด19 
The right move was to ban the Chinese from entering in January. Now you decide to ban all immigration when they have spread their #coronavirus all over the world? What's the point.... 3 months too late bruh  …
BTW, there are 30 states with higher per capita death rates than CA, even though no state has a larger concentration of ethnic Chinese.
Sara Carter To Nancy Pelosi: 'Put the blame where it needs to reside...on the Chinese Communist Party'  …
Yes, we Chinese like to choose "hard mode" when playing a game...
Mason High School cancelled their annual Chinese New Year celebration back in JANUARY due to covid 19, but here are 950 seniors at a SCHOOL ORGANIZED “senior night” during the peak of a global pandemic. EMBARASSING!!!!!!!!  …
You need to stop blaming the President & fess up to your son being on the board of a  Still. What about Hunter being on the board of a Ukrainian  Don't deflect. You're in China's pocket. You stole billions from US taxpayers. You can't get around it.  …
God Bless the man who saving us. From the Chinese Virus. And @TheDemocrats who want a borderless  …
U.S. towns are using Chinese-made drones to enforce social distancing among Americans. 
‘The Great U.S.-China Divorce Has Arrived’ due to reckless behaviour of Chinese Communist Party (CCP) in this pandemic. The world will witness next Great Power Rivalry between US & China and Cold War 2.0 in Indo Pacific  …
to you, propaganda is a corny cartoon poster on a brick wall, but when CNN reports that the CIA is investigating coronavirus as a Chinese bioweapon you are inclined to consider that as a "viewpoint" provoking thought rather than manufacturing consent for a horrific future war
Shares of Chinese  climb in the mainland and HK as the world’s largest net importer of #CrudeOil could benefit from the collapse of oil 
An interesting academic / forensic discussion, on whether Chinese authorities deliberately allowed international travel out of Wuhan , even while curtailing it within China. ( TL;DR Flight records suggest they did not. )  …
Your argument falls apart when the numbers are adjusted for population size & also laughably takes Chinese propaganda “data” at face value. Take a seat.
Trump jumping off the Biden ad into promising another Chinese Exclusion Act. All to assign blame to anybody else in regard to the handling of this COVID crisis. We need mass testing, housing, PPE, cash payments, and Medicare for All to deal with this pandemic NOT scapegoats. 
. MAGA MAN - TRUMP to SIGN EXEC ORDER to SUSPEND IMMIGRATION during VIRUS Trump to Suspend Immigration to the U.S. During Chinese Virus Crisis . Trump 2020  …
Argentina receives new shipment of Chinese medical supplies for #COVID19 fight  
chinese seulrene stans are going crazy rn weibo is all hell breaks loose but ain't we all are
Ivanka received more Chinese trademarks.
N. Korea is a Chinese proxy, in case you forgot
In 1967, in Vietnam, I have to admit I was not a huge fan of the Chinese. Today, I could not have been more proud watching the young Chinese nurse stand in front if that idiot trump supporter in Colorado. What a brave young man and what a stupid fool of a trump cult member
Is Congress gonna investigate Chinese bot farms spreading propaganda & meddling in US elections like they did to the Russian ones? @SenTomCotton @marcorubio @GOPLeader 
im almost scared to see the power of irene and seulgis chinese stans
It seems likely, btw, that North Korea has a massive, unreported outbreak of Covid-19. Look at how that ripped through the Iranian leadership. There have been reports of smuggling of PPE across the Chinese border.
TONIGHT-- Pioneer in the development of #exopolitics, @MichaelSalla , discusses China's secret space program which he says can be traced back to a Chinese scientist's participation in the USAF's studies of captured Nazi and ET flying saucers. More:  
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL. Our country can't afford to let millions in while we have tens of millions not working thanks to the COMMUNIST CHINESE VIRUS. Thank you Mr. President! 
“To find out whether or not population density is a key factor in the spread of the #coronavirus, we collected data for 284 Chinese cities.” Spoiler — density isn’t a key factor for virus spread, & can in fact be a blessing. Via @WorldBank #COVID19  
German satire magazine today: "Is it possible that Trump was created in a Chinese lab to harm the US?"
WaPo's State Department leak receptacle @joshrogin claimed it was an "unusual step" for US officials to visit the Wuhan lab. He doesn't know dozens of official & scientific Western delegations have visited the lab – itself a product of Chinese & French gov't collaboration? 
∆ ~ 2 @RahulGandhi ~ Protect our Companies from Chinese takeover Bjp ~ derogatory replies √After 6 days,govt tightens FDI norms After 8 Days NATO warns its members of the same thing that #RahulGandhi said #RespectRAHULGandhi
After #ChineseVirus world has started realising the reality of China beyond cheap goods. This is the time for the globe to unite and  boycott of Chinese goods and capital. Next good thing can be to force the present regime to bring democracy in China.  …
....such as a precursor of a bio-chemical attack. Is there more to Chinese doctors being barred from a Canadian Lab? The same lab w/ access to DNA from the 2002-03 SARS attack? The same DNA believed to be sold to the lab in Wuhan, where virus began...  …
Deepika shld change her PRO--went to JNU on that fateful night and made herself a laughing stock and had a failed film--Now this Pedros who is a Chinese boosted fraud:)) RT
Lindy Man are perverion attemptate break branch Chinese womans i am not allow 
An urgent warning from the @HolocaustMuseum about the Chinese government's persecution of Uighur Muslims: "There is a reasonable basis to believe that the government of China  crimes against humanity, notably imprisonment and persecution."  
Groups President Trump have blamed while avoiding any responsibly for his willful negligence & corruption that have killed 43,000 (and counting): Chinese, Democratic governors, Media, doctors & nurses, WHO, immigrants.
Chinese Ambassador to #Panama: This is a global fight that the world will win together, because the virus knows no borders and every country is just one part of the global battlefield. @weiasecas  
AMC Theaters is the largest theater group in the United States, acquired by the Chinese Parent Company Wanda group in 2012. I recall what Jay Leno said back then, there is no need to change the name AMC (American Multi-Cinemas), because now AMC means "All Movies Chinese".
#cookierunovenbreak Chinese style 
@Twitter @Facebook Here r the Chinese bots 五毛working hard spreading propaganda on ur platforms :  …
If KJU dies, today’s oil price plunge takes on new meaning and a diff explanation. Tank price, be PAID to take delivery of the oil, build up reserves at a (-) valuation in anticipation of possible war. Chinese PLA High Command had lost control of KJU. PLA needed new puppet.
Faces of the  from @chrislhayes to @yashar to @CharlesMBlow spread a conspiracy theory about #COVID escaping from a Chinese lab. The story was  hoax leaked by Trump's State Dept to neocon @joshrogin. My latest, w/  …
Was the #DeepState outfoxed by @realDonaldTrump? Was there a campaign to use faulty tests via #Chinese made tests and/or #Soros owned #Abbott in conjunction with a coordinated media hit to gaslight continued hysteria & further degrade the economy to tank the economy?  …
This piece is regressive. There're no lessons whatsoever about magnanimity from past Chinese emperors whichever dynasty it was. Nobody today and in future wishes to return to an ancient tributary system where might makes right. Seriously.  …
I was just saying the other day if there is anything a presidential election year with global pandemic with Chinese military incursions over Taiwan and the Euro area threatening to fragment needs is the will he won't he health problems of Kim Jong Un. I mean season 4 is great!!  …
Eye on Beijing, India tweaks FDI policy: Is the world building a firewall against the Chinese dragon?  …
I didn't find any missionary/ soul harvesters / vultures working on the ground We have filled the void in Salem Obviously when Vatican itself is under lockdown how can their sentinels stick their neck out during these risky Chinese Virus times
Finally some African countries is standing up to China brutality and racism against black people. They began to retaliate and arrested Chinese citizens in Africa. #ChineseWuhanVirus . #chinaracism . #China . #BlackTwitter . #Africa . #PanAfrica .Guinea saying enough release our 
Can the WHO be trusted? On multiple occasions, WHO Director-General Tedros praised the CCP for their handling of the pandemic. Similarly, two other officials spread Chinese propaganda and a WHO  applauded China's transparency.  …
“I think the government’s been misadvised.” Voices are growing within #UK’s ruling party to block #Chinese telecom giant #Huawei from helping to build the country’s #5G network, as the gov signals a tougher stance towards #Beijing over the  …
Did you know China owns more Arkansas forest and agriculture than nearly anywhere? Did you know most manufacturing facilities are now owned by  You need to look in your own yard they own more in Arkansas every year @AsaHutchinson just tries to sell more!
In 2011, my friend directed the remake of RED DAWN with China as the antagonist. Once China was aware, the production had to go back and change anything Chinese to North Korea, making them the new bad guys. VERY expensive process. Agenda? Absolutely.  …
Chinese President Xi Jinping visited the Qinling Mountains in northwest China's Shaanxi Province on Monday. He attaches great importance to ecological conservation and environmental protection. Here's what he said on the issue:  
The price of oil today has dropped to $0 a barrel. The economic problems created by this Chinese virus are only just beginning.
Uh-oh: Newsom's secretive $1-billion mask deal with Chinese automaker sparks bipartisan concerns  … via @YahooNews
#China turns on the charm and angers Trump as it eyes a global opportunity in #coronavirus crisis Donald Trump lashes out at #Beijing’s response to the crisis at daily press conferences amid growing reports of anti #Chinese sentiment among  …
Arab are preaching secularism , Chinese were preaching democracy ( on Kashmir) , leftist Journalists trying to teach unbiased reporting. If Yogi  PM after 10 years, all 'Secularists' will start saying Ram Ram.
Legal professionals  a guideline clarifying that Chinese courts will not support employers if they fire employees for epidemic-related reasons, hailing it as a move to effectively protect workers' rights. #COVID_19  
While the US gave the WHO almost $900 million in assessed & voluntary contributions, the Bill & Melinda Gates foundation gave the WHO $531 million, voluntarily. Chinese contributions are at the bottom, very little of it voluntary. The Gates foundation is 10% of the WHO budget. 
With a chinese fuse. Well, the warhead, missiles, guidance system, source codes.... Even the green paint is Chinese.  …
“China’s coverup of COVID-19 and their continued lies about its origin have shown us all first-hand that we cannot trust the word of the Chinese government.” @RepDougCollins wants the @USDA to reconsider a recent decision to import Chinese citrus.  …
The Chinese Communist Party: Savior or Culprit in this Pandemic?  …
The Chinese state propaganda machine now peddling virus conspiracy theories big time -- in Arabic:  …
Wow. So last month, I started hunting for N95s. I found and donated 180 (to LCMC, Ochsner, a head nurse at a N.Y. hospital, and a cancer patient). I saw @EpsilonTheory post here asking which cities needed help. I said, "New Orleans," and today, these arrived (Chinese N95s). 
#Harvard should be designated a #terrorist organization. #Wuhan Exposing Harvard's Chinese Agent Charles Lieber's "Virus Transmitters" | Zero Hedge  …
Who else thinks Trudeau has a dodgy relationship with the Chinese regime??  …
A1: My cover colour scheme BLEW ME OUT OF THE WATER. I suggested red and gold, because that’s usually the scheme on R&J printed covers AND those are important colors in Chinese culture, so when I got the shiniest golden dragon and those red roses I ascended #Roaring20sDebut  
This has nothing to do with the virus, This is pure Communism and power. Besides the point, that this device was donated from a  I can almost bet you that this agencies who got this, are democrat mayor's.
Does anyone else miss Chinese food ?
If you are unaware of your lifepath or Chinese  your birthday below and I will let you know
Both the Chinese Communist Party and the Hong Kong democracy movement are settling in for a long and painful struggle. @benjaminbland, Director of the Southeast Asia Program at the Lowy Institute, writes for The 
Watch carefully. All former scholars in the US with links to China will lose their jobs, prestigious positions and access to higher levels of decision-makers. Exposing Harvard's Chinese Agent Charles Lieber's "Virus Transmitters" | Zero Hedge  …
Someone graffitied “fuck China” on a Chinese-owned cafe in my neighbourhood, Australian racism right on cue 
#CoronavirusTruth: The definition of "slow-learner" "Newsom's secretive $1-billion mask deal with Chinese automaker sparks bipartisan concerns" When will American pols stop turning for help to  responsible for this pandemic?  … 
Best part: Trump's visual appearance is also fueling speculation: Some suspect that the US President's  and tangled hairstyle are due to the fact that Chinese scientists had no precise idea of what people from western cultures actually look like.
Canada liable   for COVID-19 losses under Harper govt trade agreement | ThinkPol  …
To people clinging to the argument we need a vaccine to get back to "normal", please, tell me something... In the severe 2017-2018 flu season, only 37.1% were covered, DOWN 6.2% from prior season. Are we going to mandate Americans take the vaccine for the Chinese Coronavirus?
Does anyone remember the #WuhanNurse? 3 months ago she warned of 90,000 people infected in the Chinese city of Wuhan, with a still unnamed pneumonia, a number that at the time seemed utterly fantastic. Since then, most of what she posted  true. 
“To this day, the UN Secretary-General has…blocked any attempt to conduct a thorough investigation into these controversies within the #UnitedNations.” @JMichaelCole1 discusses major UN bribery scandals that are linked to the Chinese regime. Watch:  
. @WHO director-general @DrTedros is accused of covering up three health epidemics in Ethiopia. @WHO helped Beijing cover up the Chinese coronavirus pandemic. What else is the @WHO hiding?
Today is the birthday of Chinese lawyer @GaoZhisheng . He’s been disappeared for over two years. This film about how he grew up in poverty to  a pioneering rights lawyer and then dissident is top notch. @tengbiao @Genghe1 @BobFu4China  …
How many members of our Congress are members of the Chinese Communist Party ?
The German version of the onion "der Postillion" published this article today: "Terrible suspicion: was Trump bred in a Chinese laboratory to harm the United States?"  …
Take loan from China for a project, China uses  and workers to deliver the project, profiting off the project. Then to add insult to injury you sign off the asset as collateral to the Chinese if the loan can't be repaid. Our African leaders sold us out.
It's perfectly understandable that evil people do this, and no accident that they also carry water for the Chinese Communist dictatorship that created this pandemic.  …
#USSAmerica (LHA-6) is steaming towards waters in the South China Sea where a Chinese govt survey ship and its China Coast Guard escorts are in an international maritime dispute with #Malaysia. Vid by #DefenseFlashNews #美利堅號兩棲攻擊艦現身南海  … 
POGOs pa ang uunahin! So they rather support the employment of the Chinese then the Filipinos. Just shows that this government doesn't care about it's citizens.  …
Subtitles currently available for #WhoAreYou official trailer - Chinese - English - Korean - Japanese - Burmese (Myanma bhasa) - Indonesian - Combodian - Portuguese - Russian - Vietnamese - Spanish  @kristtps @krist_est #GMMTV #GMM25 
Is ANYONE surprised Smithfield Foods, whose factory is America's hottest producer of Corona virus, is owned by Chinese.  …
104 Adjectives There are two kinds of adjective in Japanese. i-adjectives: Basically, Japanese origin. Always ends with "i". na-adjective: Basically, Chinese origin. Conjugation is the same as noun. Free download →  
Marilyn Monroe and Jane Russell June 26, 1953 at Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood. 
Exposing Harvard's Chinese Agent Charles Lieber's "Virus Transmitters" | Zero Hedge IMPORTANT  …
Since Chinese officials first reported a cluster of acute respiratory illness on Dec. 31, @realDonaldTrump visited four of his private businesses a total of 20 times. Photos @1100Penn   …
The Establishment Media are out in force defending Microsoft founder Bill Gates, alleging that he has  a "right-wing target" due to his involvement in Chinese virus vaccine development. 
1. Why should anyone listen to Peter Beinart on China? We are actually dependent on Taiwan and South Korea for advanced semiconductor manufacturing. Here's what Beinart wrote in 2018 on why we should actively enable a Chinese takeover of Taiwan.
Is she saying that the Chinese virus is picking on black people ? Is she really that stupid or just looking for air time ?  …
How did an ordinary, hard-working American woman end up conspiring with Chinese intelligence agents?  From @1843Mag
On Monday, the Chinese mainland reported: - No new #COVID19 deaths - 7 new domestic cases and 4 imported cases - 37 asymptomatic cases - 1,003 active cases in total, including 82 in critical 
Nancy Pelosi called the Chinese travel ban ‘bigoted,’ yet now has the gall to say @realdonaldtrump didn’t act soon enough. The hypocrisy is  …
We need more White House reporters like @EmeraldRobinson, @ChanelRion and @JennPellegrino! The rest are pure CRAP! They either push Democrat talking points or Chinese propaganda. The only thing they are good for is President Trump giving them a beat down.
Chinese knockoff of $TSLA Model 3, the Xpeng P7 launches 4/27 "The P7 will include a brand new technology that will offer Level 3 autonomy powered by NVIDIA technology which can reportedly be used for valet parking and even in the highways or  …
. THE BORDER - TRUMP EXTENDS BORDER CLOSURE POLICY DURING CHINESE VIRUS Trump Extends Closure of U.S. Borders to Migration . Virus Outbreak VALIDATES Necessity of Border Security  …
Chinese being run out of Nigeria 
Weren't you just blaming Chinese people in an ad?
This would be an odd thing for the premier to say, but there's no denying that the Chinese leadership had hubris. China walked into the trade war while being dependent on the US for tech inputs and tooling, like chips, software, and aircraft engines.  
After Trump loses in November: “I would have won in a landslide, if the Chinese Plague, didn’t whack half my base. I’m not leaving, this is foreign election interference and the Democrats didn’t do anything to stop it”.
Swedish legislators want to speed up with a a temporary solution. “The economic crisis has reinforced worries  in critical sectors might end up in Chinese and Russian hands.” #covod19  …
The way I see it... China is solely responsible for the virus itself... The WHO and China together are responsible for it  a global pandemic. If the WHO did its job and China was honest... This would be a Chinese problem not a global one. Globalism kills without regret.  …
1,400-Year-Old Chinese Ginkgo Tree Drops Leaves That Drown Buddhist Temple In A Yellow Ocean  …
Newsom's secretive $1-billion mask deal with Chinese automaker sparks bipartisan concerns  …
String of Pearls is geopolitical theory on potential Chinese intentions in Indian Ocean region(IOR)It refers to network of Chinese  facilities &relationships along its sealines  extending from Chinese mainland to Port Sudan in Horn of Africa 
IG account of #CUHK Campus Radio was hacked around 3am on 4.18 when numerous login trails frm Guangdong Province #China was recorded. IG Account of Editorial Board of #HKUST Students’ Union Was Hacked frm a Chinese domain. Posts were deleted & followers were removed frm account. 
I will be providing details today on the Chinese initiative called the “String of Pearls” which is the placement of bases to secure military dominance of the  of Belt Road Initiative. Also please follow @LiftChinasSkirt which will supplement my reporting
Just got a call from Barb. The doctor is getting together discharge paperwork and she called to tell me to get her favorite soup from the Chinese place down the street. Yippie!! Thank you to everyone that has been so positive, thoughts, prayers. Thank you
Former Pelosi hack openly promoting  propaganda  …
The word "Taiwan" doesn't even appear in Trump's Chinese travel restriction exemption announcement, because the U.S. doesn't treat it like part of China.  …
