An apology from President Trump to the Chinese Government!!! Hehehe 
COULD WALMART SURVIVE? What if President Trump did a national T.V broadcast to explaìn why the U.S can no longer allow CHINESE PRODUCTS to flood our ECONOMY? What if @realDonaldTrump made the rewards for U.S manufacturing so ASTRONOMICALLY HIGH it wiped out CHINA imports?
This is why the Irish “left” are out of touch. The Chinese Communist Party continue to hide the truth and Trump accepts their word. @JoeBiden is right to call them out. The @SocDems need to decide are they on the side of the CCP or global  …
Beijing’s spy networks in the U.S. include up to 25,000 Chinese intelligence officers and more than 15,000 recruited agents who have stepped up offensive spying activities since 2012, according to a Chinese dissident with close ties to Beijing’s military.  …
Chinese billionaires donated one million to the Pierre Trudeau Foundation, including $50,000. to build a Pierre Trudeau statue. They also donated $200,000 to Trudeau.  …
. @SecPompeo: The Chinese Government needs  clean. It needs to be accountable. It needs to explain what happened and why it is the case that that information wasn’t made more broadly available. 
@GavinNewsom signs Billion$deal with BYD, Chinese manufacturer known for faulty equipment. He ordered MASKS that he plans on giving to #California hospitals. Others are denying the faulty masks! Co. is tied to Chinese Communist Party. #CA is in  …
The NEW NORMAL is children will be FORBIDDEN TO HAVE FUN! Los Angeles Mayor orders Venice Skate Park to be filled with sand (likely forever?) in response to the Chinese #Coronavirus #NWO #MartialLaw 
The new GamerGate: The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has decided to ban international online gaming. Chinese gamers can no longer play with players from foreign countries. Even chatting with them, is now forbidden. 
Trump Says He’ll End Obama-Era Funding To Chinese Lab That May Have Spawned The Coronavirus - The Daily Caller  …
Interesting that FM Marise Payne says she isn’t sure the Chinese aid flight blocking landing of Australian aid flight in Vanuatu was deliberate. This is the full statement received from her department early last week in response to questions about the incident. 1/2 
Well my time with Tik Tok ended in just 4 weeks. I had a viral video going on exposing Hollywood that had 300k views and ever since I've been shadow banned. It was fun using the Chinese app to expose Chinese crimes. 
. @David_Speers asks @MarisePayne whether China deliberately attempted to stop Australia from delivering aid to Vanuatu. "We have raised our concerns with officials in Vanuatu and in appropriate places with the Chinese Government. I don't know whether it was deliberate or not." 
We're unwittingly building up China. 40% of Amazon resellers are Chinese. The vast majority of products on Amazon are made in China. Every single second we are making China more powerful. They crashed our economy and we enlarge theirs! This needs to stop. Reform Amazon!
Bloody Hell. In an interview that is still ongoing, Australia's Foreign Minister appears to confirm that a  airliner on the tarmac in Vanuatu deliberately blocked a RAAF C-17 landing to deliver aid, forcing an abort & return to Oz @thespybrief  …
"The way Chinese people are lovely, kind and and  "that kind of reception and warmth is sth I didn't expected, they will call me African brother, I want to thank Chinese government..." 
I've seen this video in circulation of a Chinese national with the Ghana Card and some persons seem a bit suspicious and surprised about it. First of all, there's nothing illegal about it. These cards are for non - citizens. The NIA charges them $120 for the cards. 
Remove the first and last letter from your name. Oya tell us your new Chinese name
“Five days later, on Wednesday January 29, the first coronavirus cases on British soil were found when two Chinese nationals from the same family fell ill at a hotel in York. The next day the government raised the threat level from low to moderate.”  …
Right ON! I always thought public executions were kinda barbaric, but I’ m ready to make an exception for the whole establishment... with Chinese ropes... and if it’s crap and doesn’t hold the weight we can test some ropes from other countries... Do we have ropes Industries?  …
BREAKING NEWS: @timsout will be holding a special News Conference to confront the evil hideous #Racism of the #Chinese #Communist Government .. I think it will be broadcast exclusively on all @ABCaustralia Media Platforms ..ThankYou @timsout &  …
are you sure Corona is from China? Because Chinese things don’t usually last this long..
As Unpopular as this list is here are Trav’s best songs IMO: 1. Sicko mode (insane beat switch, amazing feature, only hated because of the memes) 2. Coordinate 3. Way back 4. Black & chinese 5. Goosebumps 6. Gatti (IMO) 7. Pick Up the Phone 8. 3500 9. No Bystanders 10. Antidote
15 prominent Hong Kong activists have been arrested on charges of holding illegal assemblies related to the massive pro-democracy protests that swept the semi-autonomous Chinese territory last year  …
Finally home from work. I got a cold beer and Chinese noodles are on the way. Its gonna be a good night. 
This time last year I was in Disney World, but my mom got this picture of me in front of the Chinese Theater replica at Disney's Hollywood Studios so I'd feel like I was at TCMFF 
Today’s MAGA Minute video: the Chinese Communist Party’s propaganda operation meddles in our election & now openly campaigns against Pres Trump Why do they prefer Biden as president? Consider this timeline of his appeasement  w/ the CCP... #BeijingBiden 
Everyone who does business with the Chinese Communist Party ought to realize its word is no better than it is towards Hong Kong  …
Of all the pieces I read yesterday, this one astounded me most: “A campaign by Chinese consular staff to press the legislature of Wisconsin to pass a resolution praising China’s handling of the #COVID19 outbreak – written by China – backfired  …
The association of Chinese/Asian bodies with disease in America has long preceded COVID-19. Before Angel Island became a notorious immigration station, it housed a quarantine station where--you guessed it--Chinese/Japanese immigrants were vetted for diseases. 
This railway is just for coal Where's Greta and @cathmckenna ? Why are they not calling the CCP out for building this climate killing rail line? Where are the protests at Chinese Embassy's? Why no Extinction Rebellion laying on the tracks? No think of the children??  …
For starters, RT this photo because we know how much the Chinese government/ XI hate being mocked. 
My American Chinese friends have told me stories about families swapping kids for food so you wouldn’t have to eat your own. Horrific as it gets, but that is what we are dealing with.
Foreign Minister Marise Payne has just declined to rule out this was a deliberate act by China, telling @InsidersABC the Australian government has asked Chinese and Vanuatu authorities for an explanation  …
It's almost like the Chinese set off a Covid-19 bomb in NYC's public transportation. Imagine that...  …
Strange how leasing the port of Newcastle to Chinese interests always flies under the radar.
A Chinese plane that held up a Royal Australian Air Force jet from landing in Vanuatu was chartered by a  that is among the biggest contractors in the South Pacific  …
#CoronaVirus #NewJersey #SocialDistancing US City Is Deploying A Chinese Firm Drones To Police Americans Who Are Not Social Distancing ICE warned the drones are collecting information on crucial U.S. infrastructure and the U.S. Army has banned their use  …
Kind of weird that the "COVID19 leaked from a Chinese lab" narrative started flooding the right-wing media on March 30, isn't it?  …
The government's position on China is incredibly ambiguous. They allowed a 99-year lease of the Port of Darwin. They have allowed farming sales to Chinese interests. They have signed a huge trade deal with China. #insiders They are having their cake and eating it too.
Dutts and his unconfirmed claims are then used to segue into asking Marise Payne what we should do about China. I just find this line of discussion laughably arrogant. What can Australian politicians do about Chinese governance? Anything? Since when? #Insiders
wow. Speers breaks from the habit of the year and instead of showing a clip of a political opponent to lead into the interview he shows a clip of a colleague. To wit, Dutton  breakfast telly spreading anti-Chinese racism #Insiders
as well as Tasmania getting a good run we now turn to China. Seemingly so Sheridan can indulge a bit of sweeping generalisation about the past Chinese response and speculation about future Chinese response #Insiders
If the virus came from a Chinese lab, China lied about it, spread it to the world, killed thousands and blamed us - Democrats picked a REALLY bad time to ask Americans to vote for a guy OWNED by China.
Trump says it’s a Chinese Virus Trump supporters says its a lie The guy holding a sign says “It’s a lie. But he’s wearing a mask just in case it’s true
With both parties collaborating to destroy the US-China relationship, our chances of beating this pandemic grow smaller, and the risk to Chinese and other Asian diasporas grows larger, the risk of war grows larger. The Democrats are helping the GOP doom us all
Celebrities are holding a fundraiser to benefit the World Health Organization? Really? The WHO that spewed Chinese propaganda including no human to human transmission of the virus? Celebrities hate America. Why am I surprised?
No visitors for Michael Kovrig, Michael Spavor due to COVID-19 as 500th day in Chinese prison nears – National Post  …
It seems like Dems don’t want to reopen America until we have a 0% death rate from the Chinese Virus What about the tens of thousands killed by opioids every yr due to the open border? What about Kate Steinle and thousands of others murdered by illegals? What about abortion?
President Trump Chinese Wuhan Virus Update Have you noticed no reporter asks Dr. Fauci or Dr. Birx if they believe Hydroxychloroquine is effective anymore. It's because they know it is.
Modi 'Trumps' Xi Along with India's clampdown on Chinese investments, the USA has also stepped up scrutiny of investments from China esp due to the trade war between the 2 of them. #IndiaCheckmatesChina
Chinese Propagandists should never be allowed in
So the people who were  in from China after the ban were US Citizens & Green Card holders!? Jesus! CNN frequently criticizes the ban by saying planes were still landing & people were  in and make it seem like they were Chinese nationals, not US citizens!
EXCLUSIVE: After Coronavirus Spread in Hubei Province Chinese Officials Applied for Remdesivir Patent - They Knew Then It Would Treat Coronavirus - We Now Have Their Application  …
How do we know that Chinese Americans living in America are not Chinese spies?
The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has been spreading misinformation thru American businessmen, politicians, and the MSM. BUT the CCP is not our friend! RT if you agree.  …
Saving Face 1. Chinese [DS] releases COVID 2. Wuhan containment zones 3. But flights aren’t stopped 4. Chinese under reporting 5. MSM sees opportunity 6. America over reports 7. Trump sues Chinese 8. Seizes CCP assets 9. CCP lets happen 10. Saving face 11. $2 trillion #QANON
I don't pay $195 a month for subscriptions you idiot. All I do is subscribe to Netflix and Hulu then I buy three new devices and a separate PC and plug an hdmi cable directly into my tv after finding all six remotes and plugging in Alexa and having it learn Mandarin Chinese then
Early origins of the virus remain unclear, but some Chinese scientists' work is helping develop a vaccine.  …
Did you know the Chinese business owner who bought out #Smithfield, Wan Long, is a sitting member of the National People’s Congress and was a foot soldier in Mao Zedong’s army?
Imagine being locked up in a Chinese prison for 496 days. You cannot see your family. No justifiable reason has been given. That is what our Canadian friend and colleague Michael Kovrig is facing. #FreeMichaelKovrig.  
Birth Tourism Hotel For Chinese Nationals Ordered To Be Shut Down  … via @DailyCaller @thejasonhopkins
WHAT WOULD CHINA DO IF THE ROLES WERE REVERSED? @realDonaldTrump WHAT EU DO IF U.S HID THIS AND INFECTED WORLD? How do we get 20 TRILLION from CHINA ? HOW MUCH IS PATENT SEIZURE OF EVERY CHINESE INVENTION AND PIECE OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY WORTH? ANYONE KNOW?
Watching our risible Britain-hating media almost makes Chinese state media look attractive. Ironic really, as they seem to accept the ramblings of a totalitarian state as if it were biblical truth.
Yuan Keqin, a Chinese professor long based in Japan, has been detained in China on suspicion of spying. He’s one of many researchers detained by #China under its #anti- #espionage  …
Never forget that trump has spent his entire time in office groveling to the ruling dictator of the  party. His China-bashing is cynical lies to distract you from his catastrophic failure.  …
1. Trump fired Pandemic team 2. Trump removed infectious disease protections for nursing home pts 3. Trump fired our Chinese Pandemic public health official 4. Trump refused tests-still does 5. Trump blocking data 6. Trump CAUSED 1000s to be exposed and thousands of deaths 
Drones are ordering citizens to “Stop, disperse and go home.” Chinese drones. How much farther can we bend over?  …
People tweeting #ChinaMustFall are the same people who oppose the EFF when it says borders must fall. You terrorize fellow Africans here including Pakistanis but you wanna lecture the Chinese racists. Do not do unto others what you do not want done unto to you.
#Chinamustfall MUST WATCH: Africans being forcefully driven out by Chinese landlords during the this COVID-19. 
Reporter: "Is there a dangerous epidemic spreading in the Wuhan region?" Chinese Official: "There is no epidemic in Wuhan and it wasn't released from a government lab!" I get they're trying to save face, but do they have to do it so BADLY?  …
How the closure of a Chinese restaurant in a Maryland suburb set off a chain reaction across the economy 
Chinese Coronavirus Is a Man Made Virus According to Luc Montagnier the Man Who Discovered HIV  …
Truly bizarre. Andrea Mitchell talking like it's somehow a given or likely the COVID19 emerged from a Chinese lab and only that it may not have been intentional. WTF.
The single most important moment in Chinese cartoon history. 
"Despite the numbers." A Reuters reporter giving credence to wildly unrealistic, debunked Chinese propaganda to score cheap points on Trump. The extent of the media's subservience to an evil, oppressive regime is sickening. There's deep institutional rot that needs investigation  …
The Governor wired half a billion dollars of taxpayer money to a Chinese firm for masks, but won’t give us any details about the contract. This  unacceptable. The Governor does not get to operate in the shadows. MM  …
Who said it: We can’t do our proper work because of a Chinese entity.  …
Saw one video of 3 Chinese men hitting a black man with blood over his arms and head. I don’t want to share cuz it might be an old video. But old video or not, that was heartless
UK: United front body UK Association for the Promotion of Chinese Education 英国中文教育促进会 presents donations to NHS from "150 Chinese schools cross the UK" nominally represented by UK Association for the Promotion of Chinese Education  
Ivanka Trump. Corrupt #FecklessCult. CHINESE sweatshops. CHINESE child labor. CHINESE quid pro quo trademarks. 
 … China puppet Adam Schiff begs President Trump to stop blaming China for the Chinese virus
That Biden attack ad calling Trump soft on China is like contemporary Yellow Peril propaganda it mentions China and the Chinese more than it does Trump. Ridiculously irresponsible and racist
Chinese doctor Li Wenliang tried to warn the world about the pandemic. The CHINA dictatorship arrested him and it is suspected that they intentionally caused his death by #Covid_19 . yet more evidence that CHINA is guilty. #KingTrump @Lrihendry @AppSame @bfraser747 
 in Burma rejects aid of all but one Chinese division; US General Stilwell explains: "Asiatics make poor soldiers." 
January 24th - Matt Hancock says the threat to the British public "remains low". Meanwhile the Chinese government had pledged to build a 1,000 bed hospital in 6 days in Wuhan. How can this  oaf continue to serve as Health Secretary!  …
Governor Newsom just signed a BILLION DOLLARS to buy masks from a Chinese Manufacturer that is know to sell faulty products, and  has deep ties to the Communists!
pokemon chinese names are so funny,,,, grimer is 臭泥 which translates to "smelly mud"... and get this: muk is 臭臭泥, which is smelly SMELLY mud. they rlly just wanna emphasize how smelly muk is.... anyway reply for mon's chinese name & translation
" @BorisJohnson had found time to join in a lunar new year dragon eyes ritual as part of Downing Street’s reception for the  ... there was a triumphal mood in Downing Street ... the withdrawal treaty from the EU was signed late afternoon."
Trump rants about Iran, accuses John Kerry of breaking the law, lies about tariffs, and botches facts about the Chinese economy -- all in this one clip 
A group of Chinese Americans has launched online educational project, "COVID-19: Tracy's Guide for Families", to help prevent spread of pandemic  
. @SenatorTimScott, @SenatorMenendez, @SenThomTillis and I are urging the Chinese government to work with @StateDept to quickly address new trade requirements that are needlessly preventing life-saving medical equipment from reaching the U.S. as our nation fights  …
This is..Yellow Peril material and I can only imagine how this will contribute to the continued violent attacks on Asian ppl with ads that scapegoat China and mention tens of thousands of Chinese ppl ‘let into’ the US with implications they are a foreign contagion. Awful ppl
An article from 2018 - well worth re-visiting. Chinese interference in New Zealand at 'critical' stage, says Canada spy report | World news | The Guardian  …
President Trump Chinese Wuhan Virus Update We would have made a deal with Iran, but Kerry is breaking the Logan Act. and giving them bad advice, so he isn't embarrassed. When I came in Iran on the way to take over the middle east, now they just want to survive.
If there’s a debate between Trump and Biden, who’s gonna do Chinese eyes first?
“the coronavirus was part of a scheme by the Chinese Communist Party and the “Deep State” to undermine Mr. Trump, that President Barack Obama “sold China the Wuhan virus” and that reports of overwhelmed hospitals were “propaganda.”  …
The "experts" who lied and inflated their "death tolls" to absurd amounts that no sane person ever believed are also to blame. In addition, fake media is also to blame for peddling fear and panic like a Chinese propaganda machine in overdrive.  …
Biden's new ad claims that "Trump rolled over for the Chinese" and that Trump supposedly letting in 40k Chinese led to the US' crisis, while images of Chinese people play in the background. Aggression on China is about the only thing that Democrats and Republicans can agree on.  …
"The new vanguard of the Chinese Communist Party is a delegation of bankers and party officials with duffel bags full of cash." -H.R. McMaster, Former U.S. National Security Adviser  …
Desperate to preserve his last link to western arms, Chinese Generalissimo Chiang Kai-Shek has offered two of his armies to support the Allies against Japanese invasion in Burma.
BREAKING: Chinese virologists say the CCP coronavirus can infect cats, cows, goats, pigs, sheep, buffalo and pigeons.
Ivanka. 34 Chinese trademarks. My ad. 4 words.
RT if you agree Buy British products only go @Morrisons I don't even think they have a Halla counter. Don't buy from #Chinese buy good old #British products only. And support #Britishfarmers let's bring back #Britain our own #fishing our own country keep it fresh by British!!
The Trump campaign is running a strategy of saying Biden is too chummy with Chinese leaders  …
Over the past week, President Trump denied praising China’s openness in the pandemic, when he’s on record doing so repeatedly, and claimed far more Chinese than Americans are dying from COVID-19 when the numbers show the opposite. 
PBS’ Chairman Don Baer’s law firm has been lobbying for Chinese surveillance equipment producer Hikvision. Hikvision is on thé US govt sanction list for violating human rights in Xinjiang concentration camps.   …
As a Chinese American who plans to vote for Biden, I find this ad dangerous to people like me. It doesn’t distinguish between “the Chinese“ and “China’s government“ in highlighting Trump’s praise.
Now he's attacking reporters for not questioning the Chinese numbers. It's all deflection.
The Chinese Communist Party  implausible.  …
Chinese citizen "Ailee": Hospital system in Wuhan totally paralyzed from the #CCPVirus. We should not trust CCP death figures. #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell  
Dr. Birx just put up a chart that shows how ridiculous even the adjusted Chinese figures are. She spoke of the moral obligation of China. The real problem is imposing a legal obligation when current laws shield nations even for triggering a pandemic.  …
People need to wake up and stop buying Chinese products
Joe Biden apparently does. His campaign has repeatedly claimed the U.S. has the most cases and deaths in the world -- effectively pushing Chinese propaganda.  …
Learned that Chinese lady in her 80s at moms nursing home died two days ago due to covid. She had the most devoted brother and daughter, a kind smile and the most beautiful head of snow white hair.
Jun: The #CCP suppressed information about the virus out of fear, to hide true intentions from the Chinese people, rest of the world #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell  
Bannon: #CCP is the enemy of the Chinese people. They're the enemy of the US. They're the enemy of mankind. You may have no interest in the CCP, but they have an interest in you. #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell  
“CoronaVirus is a Chinese bio weapon and we should stop taking protective measures and let it kill us all.” - MAGA Conspiracy Theorists
**Breaking** #Lega leader #Salvini on #CCP & #Covid:"More & more details emerge about silences & delays that have caused destruction and death worldwide. If the #Chinese government knew, did not report and did not protect,  a crime against humanity!  …
Why is your son still on the Chinese pay roll?  …
“The Chinese want to change the geopolitical order, and are well aware they are in a  with the West. It is high time we woke up, realised the same, and acted accordingly. Evil will triumph if enough good men do nothing.”  …
I can't believe I have to say this in 2020. Mulan is not wearing geisha makeup. Mulan is not wearing a kimono. Mulan is bit Japanese, she is chinese. Geisha and  from japan. Mulan is wearing hanfu and traditional wedding makeup from that time period in china.
“The ad relied heavily on images of people of Asian descent, including former Gov. Gary Locke of Washington, who is Chinese-American, and it was widely viewed as fanning the flames of xenophobia.”  …
Yet another Sunday Times hatchet job. Timeline omits WHO advice, falsified Chinese data, COBR meetings being regularly chaired by relevant minister. Manages to squeeze in the PM’s overdue Xmas  from The Lancet and an anonymous former “Downing Street” adviser. *sigh*
5. The problem is more than rejecting a flag pin. It's about rejecting the reality that power isn't avoidable in a global context. Either America uses power wisely to coordinate a liberal democratic order, or the Chinese use it to impose global autocracy. That's the choice.
4. Obama abandoned that tradition and supplicated himself before both a reckless and destructive Angela Merkel and the Chinese. The European project began eating itself alive as a result. And American institutions were destabilized.
“Someone needs to take responsibility for this epidemic." A #Hubei resident is suing the Chinese regime for its coverup in the #CCPVirus pandemic. It's the first known lawsuit of its kind in China. The police summoned him the night he filed the 
The two  were offering a risky proposition: 2 million home test kits said to detect antibodies for the coronavirus for at least $20 million, take it or leave it.  …
no matter how fckn way u wanna spin that tweet I reacted to it was in bad fckn taste especially when literally in the replies of said tweet there were people saying that that chinese stan OVERREACTED. that tweet was not ground for a healthy discussion at fckn all LMAOOO.
n we can keep going in circles abt POC solidarity not existing and nobody said it does but it doesn’t mean you get to act like other POC get mass support when their culture is disrespected bc even that chinese stan was attacked n dragged like let’s just not LMFAO
Chinese virus  …
Grave concerns as  plans to snap up dairy asset  …
Here's another daily reminder that the Chinese regime is a threat to our country.  … #cdnpoli
AirPods aren’t pink, they’re Chinese knock offs
Ol’ girl said something was Chinese cultural appropriation and y’all flocked and supported, a black person brought up black cultural appropriation and it turned into a fan war. Wbk y’all don’t fuck w/ black people though.
Chinese-spread fear have robbed children of their  and parents to watch their children graduate. These new  days after good, sound data show school closures 1) do little to mitigate spread and 2) adults spread to children, not the other way around.
It doesn’t add up. Something just isn’t right. Around 9 million people worldwide die from starvation each year, but  fucked our economies for a Chinese virus that won’t kill 1/9th of that. This is just one example. What the actual fuck is going on?
This is a great thread, but no story of progressivism's failure  without a nod to how woke power centers business & academia -- from Disney/Marvel to sports to Bloomberg to Universities -- utterly debased themselves before illiberal Chinese Communist Party power & $$.  …
Brexiteers....so now we know why our government has  big time to rolling out antibody tests for Covid-19. They are not that reliable. BBC are saying WHO have doubts on them. Looks like our science was ahead of the curve and was right not to roll out the Chinese test.
Chinese firm copies Gilead's remdesivir, the most promising drug against the new coronavirus | FiercePharma  …
Dr. Tedros, Dr. Tam, Greta Thunberg, Xi Jinping. They are all in this together. Greta's refusal to criticize China isn't just about emissions. It's about Chinese neo-colonialism. They are all Chinese assets.  …
Boris Johnson simply went AWOL, two holidays, five Cobra meetings missed, one so he could join a Chinese New Year celebration. As a result, a lack of ventilators, PPE, testing materials. This government has failed.
The yellows have a new script so let us give them FACTS. As early as Jan. 27, PRRD suspended free visa for Chinese As early as Jan. 31, PRRD declared travel ban on Hubei, China wc includes Wujan. On Feb. 1, declared travel ban on whole China. Take note of the dates.
Let's be honest. The Chinese regime didn't just invest in a joint venture with the crack addict son of the vice president--they were buying the vice president. China OWNS Joe Biden.
Boris Johnson had been absent from the Cobra meeting. He had found time that day to join in a lunar new year dragon eyes ritual as part of Downing Street’s reception for the  led by the country’s ambassador  …
The Chinese Communist Party has been actively trying to dictate how American Press outlets Described the Virus. Unfortunately our Media, @MSNBC @NBCNews @CBSNews @CNN @JoeNBC @NBCNews repeated much of their Propaganda. That’s how MUCH they hate the 
And this is why we should not deal with China: No visitors for Michael Kovrig, Michael Spavor due to COVID-19 as 500th day in Chinese prison nears  … via @nationalpost
Explosive journalism with a damning insight into this absolutely shambolic handling of the pandemic. Well worth a read. Boris too busy messing around with dragons on Chinese New Year to chair Cobra meetings  …
Mr. President it’s about time you look at the world through the Lens of the vulnerable & the weakest. Please bring back our children, quarantine them at home for a month don’t let them be humiliated by the Chinese or Indians Those who can pay the tickets let them pay! #Covid_19
It's not the Chinese people. It's  dictators. The same ones that killed hundreds, maybe thousands in Tiananmen Square.  …
Interesting! I thought it was just the Chinese lying! Patriots are correct NYC and the Chinese are both Lying!
1) Researchers @citizenlab found evidence that the Chinese government began censoring public discussion about the coronavirus as early as late December.  …
WATCH OUR NEW AD: “Trump praised the Chinese 15 times in January and February as the coronavirus spread across the world...[he] left our country unprepared and unprotected for the worst public health and economic crisis of our lifetime.” 
Remember when Juho and Rowoon had Chinese lessons and they had to build a sentence. Zuho said " I dont have friends" and Rowoon immediately said " I am your friend". 
The US empire is the real pandemic and the Chinese-Russian alliance is the vaccine. #Covid_19 
President @realDonaldTrump Says He’ll End Obama-Era Funding To Chinese Lab That May Have Spawned The Coronavirus! Good I don't Trust China I don't Trust Who They've cost American & the World so many lives Investigate them & cut them off immediately!  …
The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has been spreading misinformation thru American businessmen, politicians, and the MSM. BUT the CCP is not our friend! RT if you agree.  …
While the Trump admin. is using Bush-era "WMD"-style lies, absurdly claiming the coronavirus is a Chinese bioweapon that leaked out of a lab in Wuhan, even NATO allies like France are pointing out that there is no actual evidence for this conspiracy  …
I say Chinese people have overstayed their  in Africa, they must fokof... 
Guinea has allegedly arrested Chinese nationals in the country and has asked Beijing to assure the safe return of her citizens from China before they are released. 
The Trump administration has ordered US intelligence agencies to investigate reports that the coronavirus may have escaped from a Chinese biological laboratory in Wuhan. 
EXCLUSIVE: Serbian Opposition Leader ‘Arrested and Poisoned’ after EXPOSING faulty Chinese COVID-19 Tests – Sources  … via @Politicalite
Lee said under Article 104 of Basic Law, all govt officials, legislators and members of the judiciary had to take an oath of office upholding the Basic Law, but not upholding the Chinese constitution, and were also required to swear allegiance to the #HongKong SAR, not to the 
Chinese Virus  …
A chinese over dominos don’t @me
I'm a bit surprised anyone is still using Chinese-data-based estimates for shares of severe cases or fatality rates. Surely everyone must agree by now that Chinese data are essentially worthless?
STOP BUYING CHINESE PRODUCTS
I wonder how many displaced Americans are going to have their property bought up by Chinese elites..Something to watch closely.
Biden demands Trump suspend Habeas Corpus and build Chinese internment camps  …
#Chinamustfall I'm sure our brothers and sisters, aunts and uncles can make a good use of that china mall/city/town and this will revive our economy.....chinese must leave Africa 
Why do we still have Chinese in Africa when they're killing our people? #ChineseInAfricaMustGo 
Also sabc must end the Chinese films airing on Friday night 
Italians, protect yourself! The Chinese Communists set off for Italy!  …
Lmao Huawei is Chinese government property. This is straight propaganda.  …
Ten Chinese patients with severe cases of covid-19 were given transfusions of blood from those who have beaten the disease. After three days, the patients seemed to do much better. In several of the patients the virus cleared up entirely. 
There's a video about Chinese people not allowing blacks to enter the mall,blaming blacks for spreading covid -19, question is do we trust Chinese with any help they will be bringing on board,cause already there's a discrimination that is taking place.
EXCLUSIVE: After Coronavirus Spread in Hubei Province Chinese Officials Applied for Remdesivir Patent - They Knew Then It Would Treat Coronavirus - We Now Have Their Application  … via @gatewaypundit
Boris Johnson was absent from the first Cobra meeting on coronavirus. Instead he was hanging out with a Chinese new year dragon. 
Most Chinese leaders I’ve spoken with want a second Trump term. They think relationship with US will be more confrontational whoever wins in November. But they see Trump’s #AmericaFirst unilateralism and poor relations w many allies providing more opportunity for China.
A volunteer just created a Chinese @Wikipedia page about @rosalia So her bio is available now in 30 languages!  
Huawei is a subsidiary of the Chinese regime. What do I say to Huawei building Canada's 5G network? Short answer: No. Long answer: 
OK Deep breath There are now 3 studies saying that #HerdImmunity with #Covid19 does not work There is no Herd immunity from catching it and recovering The Chinese one from about 3 weeks ago The Dutch one published on Thursday And the WHO's today
You can acknowledge that the Chinese coronavirus is not just the flu AND be adamantly against government infringing on our rights. The two are not mutually exclusive. Your thoughts do not have to exist within a bubble of binary politics.
Hungry Chinese investors line up floundering British targets  …
Mmusi Maimane - South Africa Boby Wine - Uganda Lazarus Chakwera - Malawi Nelson Chamisa - Zimbabwe Zitto Kabwe - Tanzania They join hands to write a letter to Pres. Cyril Ramaphossa Chair of AU to call investigation on Chinese racism actions to our fellow Africans 
The Zimbabwean Government & many such puppet Chinese pliant African dictatorships are quiet about Chinese racism against Africans, bcoz they LOOT Africa using their Chinese colonial masters. The Chinese don’t even respect them bcoz they are shameless. 
Is the actual name for @CNN Chinese Network News?
Chinese prison workers said: “Their hands and feet are shackled together. Even when sleeping, the shackles aren’t removed, making them maintain a stooping position 24 hours a day. If a detainee is disobedient, he or she might even be put to death."  …
"Joe Biden's presidential campaign released a new ad in battleground states accusing President Trump of being soft on China...'When Trump rolled over for the Chinese, he took their word for it.'"  …
As the pandemic grew trump sent millions of masks to his buddies in the  party against warnings we would need them here. Americans are dying because our hospitals can’t get masks thanks to trump.  …
New Biden ad accepts anti-Sino Trump framing while exposing  w/China. Wondering who will propose modern Chinese exclusion act first, Trump or Biden? 
New @JoeBiden ad claims @realdonaldtrump "rolled over for the Chinese," ridiculing Trump's response to the coronavirus. "Trump praised the Chinese 15 times in January and February as the coronavirus spread across the world." 
Its not about kenya alone ..but Africa as a continent we would have revenge each any every single Chinese in Africa to send a signal that we are deadly serious. 
In addition to Trump “rolling over for the Chinese” I would like to be reminded about Joe Biden’s January Coronavirus op-Ed every day from now until November. Thank you.  …
Last week @MLInstitute, @HJS_Org & @_EuropeanValues gathered over 200 signatures of international experts and parliamentarians to say: The (Chinese) Communist Party’s rule by fear endangers Chinese citizens—and the world Please listen what we argue for:  …
“[Eric and Don Jr.] off-loaded a Manhattan penthouse to a woman who runs a business selling access to Chinese officials.”  …
#China is lying and nobody but the WHO is buying. The Pandemic Won’t Make China the World’s Leader. The Chinese Communist Party’s narrative is limited by the simple fact that too many people know too much: the lies, the oppression, the cover up.  …
Yeah and apparently you’ve never done it. I’m told From source: 1. Geely is a  and at 11-12%, they are the majority owner of Volvo trucks. They 100% own Volvo cars. 2. The truck parts were manufactured in China. Meadows is getting to the bottom of it.  …
I wonder if he cried in Chinese.
Huawei needs to  expunged from all of Canada’s telecom infrastructure. We cannot be part of the worldwide Chinese espionage network.
Honestly why should it be up to a scientist working with  to do Facebook fact checks on coronavirus? They should not be in the fact checking business. Let us handle our own information.  …
Chinese lab denying it is the source of #CoronavirusOutbreak. OK but: What are the odds a lab doing bat/virus research-operating in a manner US scientists found alarmingly shoddy-located just 2 miles from outbreak-was blameless & uninvolved? 1,000,000 to 1? Grant Lab Access Now
"In late November word had already gotten out that there was a virus in Wuhan," she said. "Six weeks later on January 15, the U.S. trade deal was signed with an out-clause that the Chinese made sure was in there."  …
One US City Is Deploying A Chinese Firm’s Drones To Police Americans Who Are Not Social Distancing  …
I'd rather die of Chinese Corona Virus than watch my country  a third world socialist sh*t hole !
Wait ooo, have you ever seen a Chinese pastor in real life?
"The secrecy, mendacity and  of the Chinese Communist Party have made the world ill. This is a literal truth, and also a metaphor for the current role of such a power in the world order," writes Charles Moore  …
Japan is going to spend over 2 billion dollars to end their dependence on Chinese made products. Raise your hand if you think the USA should do the same regardless of the cost. We need to stop seeing this tag now 
Joe Biden is a Puppet of the #CCP In fact the entire democrat party & their media are now parroting the genocidal Chinese govt. ‘s propaganda 
Aside from  Chinese genocidal pandemic more than a dozen pro-democracy activists in Hong Kong were arrested in connection with the protests that raged in the city last year, the biggest roundup of prominent opposition figures in recent memory.  …
China Tries (and Fails) to Get Wisconsin to Pass Law Praising Beijing on Coronavirus The Chinese Communist Party’s outrageous effort to pressure the legislature of Wisconsin …  
i think about this chinese horse cave painting often 
we joke this is a badge of honor. still, a setback. we've had thousands of PRC visitors, and in early days got positive feedback from mainland chinese folks who resonated with our call for cross-border solidarity and opposing US & PRC aggression. now will be harder to reach them.  …
Joe Biden’s Son, Hunter, Reportedly Invested in Chinese App That Spies on Muslims as US Condemns China Over ‘Concentration Camps’  …
Do you remember this video they be the black student from Africa to death. The Chinese government never condemn it. 
Thx 4 the leadership of @MLInstitute/ @HJS_Org/ @_EuropeanValues 4 organizing this joint open letter 2 Chinese citizens & friends of China at home & abroad. Must watch MLI's video on why over 100 of us signed this letter. It's a strong offense on #CCPVirus.   …
Fantastic thread on Anti-Black racism in the context of Han Supremacy in Chinese cities. Read this  …
 … Americans, not Chinese, pay Trump tariffs: NY Fed study ... 
60s China during the Mao Regime... China's poverty rate was higher than some African countries. They died during the Chinese famine. But the people fought on, built their country and became a powerhouse. The only thing that must fall here is Gucci Africans. #Chinamustfall
#FightTogether A team of medical experts sent by the Chinese government arrived at #Malaysia on Saturday to help the country fight the #COVID_19 pandemic. #coronavirus
India's timely lockdown against (chinese) invasion -. This time to protect our economy from being taken over. SEBI tightens foreign direct investment policy from neighbouring nations. Last week, chinese funds picked up 1% stake in HDFC bank. 
For #70days Trump ignored OUR intelligence and experts, instead he parroted Chinese propaganda and did nothing to get prepare US for COVID-19 At same time Trump was shouting Chinese slogans, Biden was publicly begging him to do something: should have listened to Biden not China.
Is it any wonder that the Chinese disrespected Obama upon  a very lame duck? His last state visit to China has a whole other spin after seeing all the racism spilling out from behind the Chinese Wall.  …
Hate seeing the Chinese government glorified when they’ve still got Muslims in concentration camps :)
#ChineseInKenyaMustGo The government will not act. Let's show the chinese thatvwe will not take in any form of discrimination 
Give me a Chinese name but not corona please 
Lou Dobbs asks how US should respond if coronavirus turns out to be Chinese bioweapon  … via @BIZPACReview
Guess What! The #Goat is the 8th sign in the Chinese Zodiac There are 12 signs 8/12 = .666 REPEATED INFINITELY The #Goat is often associated with the devil and Satan Now you have a better understanding as to WHY P.S. Nothing, but Love for all my Goats out there #GG33
#Chinamustfall Whether you're Chinese or Japanese or Koreanese aslong as you eat bats and you got thin eyes You Must Fall Ngoku!! 
The game changing supersonic anti ship #Chinese missile CM-302 that is soon to join #Pakistan Navy to be inducted in 2021, could seriously hurt #Indian Navy's advantage with the BrahMos & Barak8 missiles. NDTV  …
I wonder what the Chinese are still doing in Kenya.
Because the Democrats own the media! The media are the propaganda of puppets for the Democrat Party and Chinese Communist Party
"It's an embarrassing position for Canada to be more apologetic of the Chinese regime than the Chinese regime is" #cdnpoli via 
literally where did I say other POC cultures are appropriated by black people? this was abt a chinese nctzen calling out their faves for appropriation. I said OTHER POC are allowed to call out the appropriation of their culture without us getting into their discussion. read.  …
Our leaders are selling us to the Chinese #Chinamustfall
This story makes it even more important that we pass my American Security Drone Act to end the use of Chinese-made drones by US gov’t agencies & local law enforcement. States & locals should heed the advice of the threat of these devices. Read more:  …
The hatred of the Chinese is not really catching on as well as we hoped ...everyone... back to Muslims!!!
Guinea has arrested all Chinese, until their citizens are safe and protected in #china then they can be released. Meanwhile, our leaders are bringing them to #Nigeria  and cause more harm. #DeportRacistChinese #Chinamustfall 
You think it's only in Africa where COVID testing is a  Belarus's Lukashenko yesterday: "Russian tests are rubbish. They give too many positives. We replaced them with our own Chinese tests (sic). Now everything is fine." More vodka, sauna and 
No visitors for Michael Kovrig, Michael Spavor due to COVID-19 as 500th day in Chinese prison nears  …
Chinese-Born Reporter Alleged White House Officials Referred To COVID-19 As “Kung-Flu” To Her Face: “Makes Me Wonder What They’re Calling It Behind My Back”  …
The GOP: -Calls it “Chinese” virus -Blame4 it -Accuseof holding out on us -Accuse4 #ClimateChange “hoax” -Slapped tariffs all over them. Ok, their govt? Humanitarianism ain’t really their thing. So, What’s their incentive 2 help  …
Greenland Australia, a Sydney-based Chinese-owned property  has admitted that “in late January and early February” it was directed by its Shanghai-based parent to buy and ship huge quantities of medical supplies from Australia to China. Spies in Australia?
The people of Uganda decide to retaliate against Chinese national in that country. They are moving to expel all the Chinese from that country. Backlash of the treatment of Africans in China. #ChinaLiedPeopleDied . #AfricansinChina . #PanAfrican . #BlackTwitter .
Chinese side Guangzhou Evergrande have begun construction on their new 100,000-seat stadium, at an estimated cost of $1.7 billion 
It would be great if you can update the status of the vaccine you announced a couple of weeks back for COVID19. People r dying when leaders r keep blaming each other. Finally, COVID19 & Climate Change are crisis, not a Chinese hoax!
“You are what you eat” Chinese man 
I absolutely do not understand why the CBC is pursuing the anti-WHO, pro-Trump, anti-China coverage. So, the Chinese increased their COVID-19 death toll by 50%. What is this, a lowest  Ghoulish. /2 #cdnpoli @CBCNews @CBCOmbud
Hardcore Bolsonaristas hurling vulgarities at the Chinese consulate in Rio a time of coronavirus.  “Devils!”  …
Uuhhmm. Did the @LeaderPost really just publish a column that seems to defend racists who call COVID-19 the “Wuhan Virus” or “Chinese Flu”? Not a good look. #skpoli #yqr
All the Chinese they are missing them home they must go 
When the Chinese Communist Party saw what #coronavirus did to their country, they walked off #Wuhan & INTENTIONALLY allowed international flights - 1400 planes landed here Jan-Feb before the TravelBan! @GordonGChang 
The Binondo-based Chinese deli and bakery is open for delivery orders of their signature delicacies!  …
Tucker Carlson literally doing a beat for beat Russiagate repeat where his guest insinuates sitting Democrats are secret Chinese spies  …
#Chinamustfall we are such a hated race even the bat eating Chinese bastards are taking their chances on us
Han Supremacy is an old idea in the Sinosphere that privileges all things Chinese (Han) above all things Foreign White Supremacy is an idea from Europe that privileges the White European above all other people The 2 forces intersect to place the Black Foreigner at the bottom /2 
I told you! All Chinese should shop out! We can’t allow this to continue happening to our brothers! Why are we so evil ? We love money so much in the expense of our blood ? To a point where the PS KAMAU defend Chinese inhuman treatment of Kenyans ? No wonder God sent Corona!!  …
“Catch-22 that Chinese exporters have experienced over the first four months of this year. “First we had orders but no workers to fulfil them,” he says. “Now our workers are back but we don’t have any orders”  … via @financialtimes
The Chinese Communist Party should not be allowed to use a pandemic — which they exacerbated through secrecy and inaction — as cover for its agents to arrest peaceful pro-democracy leaders. We stand with Hong Kong.  …
All this Chinese in SA must evacuate themselves before we do on the 30th of April 
Chilling about #China's Communist Party coverup of #coronavirus in January when failed to tell the world and allowed pandemic to develop is that two Chinese journalists who tried to expose that scandal still "disappeared" by #XiJinping worst dictator since Mao #COVID19 #CCP  …
The head of WHO is  — a member of a violent ‘liberation’ party in Ethiopia. As minister of foreign affairs, he covered up cholera outbreaks. The CCP poured millions into his campaign for director general, which is why WHO repeats Chinese talking points. WHO=no good.” —
Why is it that all the non-medical masks available on @amazon are made in #China!? #ChinaLiedPeopleDied, and I WILL NOT buy from China! @JeffBezos Give #AmericanMade suppliers PRIORITY!!! #AmericaFirst! @realDonaldTrump Please keep Chinese made GARBAGE out of #AMERICA!
I would like to apologise to Donald Trump for not supporting him when he said #Covid_19 #coronavirus is a Chinese virus... Indeed 
Boutta devour this Chinese food 
You can apologize Denise for your government handcuffing Canadians to that rogue Chinese regime for 31 years with your unfair secret FIPA trade deal. 
BUT: In private, Trump is venting about China. When @SenKevinCramer on Thurs reminded him the hard-hit @SmithfieldFoods plant in Siouxland is owned by a Chinese conglomerate, Trump told him: “I’m getting tired of China”
1. someone said Chinese ppl don't wash backside 2. someone said all the  from Chinese ppl 3. national newspaper publishes a letter saying Bangladeshi & Indian workers have poor personal hygiene & their lack of responsibility is to blame for Sg's rise in covid-19 cases 
MUST WATCH: New @JoeBiden digital ad says Trump “rolled over” to the Chinese on #COVID19 response Ad is targeting voters in MI, PA, WI, AZ, NC, and 
Chinese Consulate Asked Wisconsin State Senate to Praise Chinese Communist Party for ‘Sharing Key Information’ about Coronavirus, Emails Show  …
Tuesday marks day 500 for Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor, who are held in Chinese prisons after being abducted in December 2018.  …
#ChineseInKenyaMustGo we are a Chinese oversees territory my frens, the governor Hu u Nye does what xi says 
“US explores possibility that coronavirus spread started in Chinese lab, not a market US intelligence officials are investigating is that the virus originated in a laboratory in Wuhan, China, and was accidentally released to the public.” via  …
"'When Trump rolled over for the Chinese, he took their word for it. Trump praised the Chinese 15 times in January and February as the coronavirus spread across the world,' the narrator in the Biden ad says."  …
#Chinamustfall Chinese hates Africans Africans let us return the favour They bought our "leaders" not us. We are not for sale,let treat them the same way they're treating us. 
The Chinese are making Africans pay the price for the 2nd wave of Corona. Many Africans living in China have reported being evicted from their homes and also being refused access to supermarkets. It seems that its now a crime to be a black person living in China. 
'Greatest geopolitical threat': Ted Cruz calls for new approach to Chinese relations amid coronavirus outbreak.  …
A new digital ad for @JoeBiden says @realDonaldTrump "rolled over for the Chinese," on the coronavirus response. The ad will target MI, PA, WI, AZ, NC, and FL, where the campaign intends to ramp paid media efforts, according to a campaign official.  …
Trump on Wednesday in the Rose Garden when Fox asked about a story based on blind sources suggesting that the coronavirus originated in a Chinese lab: "Now there's a case where you can use the word 'sources.'"  …
1. Trump fired Pandemic team 2. Trump removed infectious disease protections for nursing home pts 3. Trump fired our Chinese Pandemic public health official 4. Trump refused tests-still does 5. Trump blocking data 6. Trump CAUSED 1000s to be exposed and thousands of deaths 
He said was being encircled by the Chinese military and naval activity and said that India has to be "prepared for any eventuality". The NDA govt walked the talk, and on the May 11th and 13th, barely a week after Gen Fu's visit, we conducted nuclear tests at Pokhran.
But like lightning which  thunder, history has shown that the Chinese indulged in sneaky tactics to gain leverage, or anchor dominance before such visits and talks. This time George Fernandes turned the tables by deriding the Pak's missile firing and bringing in China
India's Raksha Mantri was the redoubtable Late George Fernandes. After Pak's test firing of Ghauri, he had famously declared that China was the mother of Ghauri and he raised the threat of a Chinese encirclement of India .
The Food Chain’s Weakest Link: Slaughterhouses “In the 1980s and  like Smithfield, which is now owned by a Chinese  bought  and designed massive plants that could slaughter more than a million animals a year.”  …
Assam not to use Chinese personal protective equipment (PPE) for now, following rumours about quality: Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma
Let me Putin it another way. When the Dotcom Era exploded, it was from Russian and more importantly, Chinese influence. The moved on Silicon Valley like Leaches. I know, I was there. Hi SVB
Huawei is a Chinese Commie surveillance program.  …
When Uhuru Kenyatta says 'Fellow Kenyans', does he include Kenyas suffering in China? We are sick and tired of Chinese racism and xenophobic behavior. Evacuate all Kenyans immediately. #ChineseInKenyaMustGo #StopChinaRacism #RacistChina #NiDoshi [Graphics courtesy: 
Open letter from over 200 academics and politicians warns the world that "the Chinese Communist Party's rule by fear endangers Chinese citizens and the world"  … @AMFChina @lukedepulford #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied
New @JoeBiden digital ad says Trump “rolled over” to the Chinese on #COVID19 response Ad is targeting voters in MI, PA, WI, AZ, NC, and 
From now on I will call it the #ChineseVirus I will no longer call it anything else, but where it was originated from and that’s China, hence the appropriate name: The Chinese virus
Chinese Proverb: If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow. ❖ Chinese Proverbs #Quotes
When  to an end let us march to the Chinese Embassy to deliver a memo that says: #Chinamustfall
Trump Says He’ll End Obama-Era Funding To Chinese Lab That May Have Spawned The Coronavirus  …
Game-Changing Chinese Missile To Pak Could Dent Navy's BrahMos Advantage - NDTV  …
As long as their eyes are thin,they are chinese 
The Chinese government is evil.  …
Certain airlines say they are going to start testing people for the Chinese Virus before you can board their planes. But if you're foaming at the mouth and have rabies or Ebola, you're good to go.
In a year when China repeatedly threatened and insulted Canada, the Trudeau government gave the  regime millions in aid money.  …
BUSTER HOME SAFE. THANKS FOR RT's REUNITED PHOTO ADDED.x #Lost #ScanMe Chinese Crested Powderpuff (full fur) Male Last seen on Bo’ness shore, headed to Grangemouth direction #Scotland #EH51  
Chinese Communist training video updated title... "Why You Never Give Up Your Guns"  …
EVERYONE knew Chinese people were racist. And if you didn’t, how?  …
An diehard Indian 'Republic' deshbhakt... Uses a chinese phone.. Uses chinese lights on Diwali.. Wears a made in china chaddi.. Visits China made #StatueOfUnity and then Cheers for an FDI amendment...and feels proud enough to trend #IndiaCheckmatesChina
To defeat the chinese virus, we suggest you stop lying, allow your citizens to speak freely and stop your imperialistic projects.  …
I think we should start typing in Zulu Pedi Sotho and all SA official languages and plot how to deal with in-house Chinese. I write in eng just to pass on the message that  
Chinese $influencing the politics N Washington & Hollywood's film industry causes one 2 ponder 4 a moment the 40 year deterioration of America's academic structure. There's no question kids (& teachers) have been indoctrinated 2 embrace socialism, but was it by foreign design?
“If we know with a high degree of confidence THE CHINESE IN FACT RELEASED THE VIRUS , accidentally OR OTHERWISE, and caused this pandemic and yet the Democratic Party and its leaders have been supportive of the regime, parroting their talking points,
“…There are a bunch of people who because they are either USEFUL IDIOTS or they have some degree of knowledge and relationships behind the scenes WITH THE CHINESE GOVERNMENT, some of them in fact COULD BE CHINESE AGENTS of the actual MSS, their intelligence service, God forbid.
"We watched our intellectual property be stolen for thirty years. And now we watch some of our elected leaders – I am sorry to say, MANY OF THEM ON MY SIDE OF THE AISLE – capitulate to the Chinese government once again. So, I am outraged and it makes me incredibly angry....
We know Uhuru owes Chinese millions which financed GRAFT. However, let him spare us $facilitate Kenyans stuck in China. Just an air ticket! In meantime, let him deport Chinese. Retortion is part of extreme diplomacy. People are suffering under his watch.  – at The Grill
The donations are going to the despicable W.H.O. Such a shame so many Americans are going to watch ( not to mention the performers who have no morals) and willingly donate to the W.H.O who has been spewing Chinese propaganda  …
Similarly to the left-wing funded Brazilian study, this Chinese clinical trial for COVID19 used extremely high doses of Hydroxychloroquine, quite literally overdosing their patients. They used: -1,200mg a day x 3 days + 800mg for 2-3 weeks That’s 3x the  safe dosage. 
Chinese have showed a willingness to borrow from the old Soviet playbook: back in the late 70s a lab outside Sverdlovsk piped aerosolized (completely-naturally-occurring) anthrax onto a small village killing hundreds of people, which they also blamed on an animal market.  …
8/ Late addition (h/t @tomliberti @nancyoneil1020): Musk is closely connected to Harvard Prof facing criminal charges for lying to FBI about his work for Communist Chinese Party. (No worries, NASA; I'm sure CCP is not curious about SpaceX IP.)  …
Because, as I have said previously, their number one priority—always has been and always will be—is protecting the Chinese Communist Party’s power above all else. We are now seeing in real-time what a big problem this is for the rest of the world. [5/5] #CCP #coronavirus
Finally a movement I can support #Chinamustfall indeed!!!! Black people must start plotting to take over some of these key economic sectors that the chinese have taken over in africa. Lets wake the fuck up and do our own research. I hope this doesnt end with just a hashtag!!!
Commissioner's office of Chinese foreign ministry in HKSAR refutes remarks by British foreign office spokesperson  
NEW: The Chinese government’s rule by fear endangers Chinese citizens—and the world. Watch MLI's latest video explaining the joint open letter signed by well over 100 China experts, academics, and politicians. @brianleecrowley #cdnpoli #COVID19  …
I’ll be on ⁦ @MSNBC⁩ shortly to discuss the latest on this reporting, with ⁦ @AlexWitt⁩ U.S.  examining whether coronavirus emerged accidentally from a Chinese lab  …
#Slaughterhouses = breeding ground for pathogens called food In the 1980s &  like #Smithfield, now owned by a Chinese  bought  & designed massive plants that could KILL more than a million #animals a year  …
Trump has offered more personal praise of Xi Jinping than I’ve ever seen from a US President towards a Chinese leader. What’s particularly surprising is that this has remained the case even after China’s coverup of the coronavirus pandemic.
Everything I say about the Chinese is meant for the country China and its agents. Chinese Americans that love America are my brothers and sisters.
"ONE HUNDRED academics and politicians signed an open letter warning 'the Chinese Communist Party's rule by fear endangers Chinese citizens and the world'"  …
#COVID19 health workers anxious, won't use Chinese kits: Assam minister  
“A study by Southampton University has shown that 190,000 people flew into the UK from Wuhan and other high-risk Chinese cities between January and March. The researchers estimated that up to 1,900 of these passengers would have been infected with the coronavirus”  …
For the surprisingly large number of otherwise sound nationalists who've swallowed the globalists' anti-China propaganda, you need to read this. And remember: "No Chinese wants to chip n pin my kids, let alone encourage them to have sex changes".  …
Italy has a lot of Covid19 cases because most of the Italians are Chinese ~ Louie Gohmert
If you want to see what a socialist Labour government will look like, look no further than the Chinese government. Tells you all you need to know.
The President is livid. The photo op with truckers contained two Volvo trucks manufactured in China. American Truckers Association was responsible for providing the trucks and Volvo sits on their board; so, they added the Chinese Volvo’s. 
Lenin, Stalin, Che, Castro, Mao would've loved this! Democrat controlled cities/states are creating Dystopia- Police States! * Chinese Drones . . And This Fool doesn't even consider data being transferred to China! Oblivious Press "Claps"! ACLU Silent 
Republican Official Claimed His State Has Been Spared From COVID-19 Because There Are Few Chinese People There  …
Chinese Officials Applied for Remdesivir Patent In JANUARY, After Coronavirus Spread in Hubei Province, Knowing It Was Effective Against Wuhan Virue  
As reported by @SecPompeo the Chinese have each Governor categorized v/s bribe- ability  …
Y'all still out here caping for the Chinese? Real racism is going on against Nigerian blacks in China but you're going to continue to sit in your nice chair while your country pays you to be out of work and tweet: "America is the worst place for black people." Clowns. 
#ChineseInKenyaMustGo.when u see a Chinese near u kindly beat them up and let them also run towards their embassies.We are calling upon anyone who has seen where Chinese stay to bring to our attention. Chinese must vacate Africa. We don't need them anymore.They must go
And the world must stand with Hong Kong people in their momentous fight for human rights and freedom. Together, we will defeat the Chinese Communist Party's tyranny. Together, we will preserve freedom and a rule-based, liberal international order.  …
How coronavirus is changing what Chinese consumers buy  #coronavirus 
EXCLUSIVE This investigation by @GreatGameIndia uncovers the #DeepState collaborations between American and Chinese biotechs at the forefront of #Coronavirus vaccine development – marketed worldwide by an entity called  …
Scientists: Chinese Coronavirus Pandemic May Have Started in September!!  … @realDonaldTrump
There is no ONE kill switch for an infectious disease such as Chinese Virus. It will go gradually over time, even flattening the curve doesnt mean down to ZERO in couple of weeks. But a low stangnant rise of cases per day eventually declining over weeks. Dats flattening the curve
Hong Kong police, influenced by the Chinese Communist Party ( #CCP), takes advantage of the Wuhan coronavirus pandemic and arrests 15 pro-democracy movement activists in raids in the biggest crackdown since the outbreak of mass freedom protests last year  
India revises FDI rules, shuts out China from investing in India through 'automatic route'. Chinese Co.s will've to wait for permission. No opportunistic takeover possible. @ishkarnBHANDARI @UnSubtleDesi @Sanjay_Dixit @sanjeevsanyal @ShefVaidya  …
This French-Arab is calling it the Chinese flu.
And @realDonaldTrump was the ONLY ONE who fought to counter the Chinese exploitation of the USA.. Others saw the unfair treatment, & looked the other way, or like @JoeBiden, just got kickback from the #ChiCom to  …
when someone who isn’t a chinese makes racist remarks about chinese they’ll be investigated but when the chinese makes racist remakes to other races, where the police go?  …
And then blatantly lied to everyone about its lethality & contagiousness. If this came from a Chinese government lab, the world would be right to demand financial remuneration (at a minimum). No question that's what would happen if this was accidentally released by the US
Apart from "midnight knocks on the door", there is another new trend in Hong Kong - "midnight legal interpretations" issued by the HK government (the latest one - which is alarming - is to say that the Chinese govt's office in HK has the legal right to interfere in local affairs)  …
My friend Xin wrote beautifully about experiencing COVID in a forked timeline as a Chinese person in America, and how she started her PPE distribution effort (which I eventually joined!)  …
Here’s our line-up for the Chinese #VirtualGP @ciroimmobile and @LiamLawson30 Live streaming of the race on our website begins at 19h00 CEST on Sunday 19 April  
I am  man and I am ready to #boycott_Chinese_product @narendramodi ji please take a step whole nation with you. 
Canadians need to be outraged at the actions (of inaction) of Dr Tam. She must be removed as " political correctness" is killing our loved ones. Dr. Tam has exposed us all to undue risk while covering for the inept WHO and The Chinese Communist Party.  …
CA Governor is an idiot. Orders 2M N95 masks from a  BYD known for selling faulty masks & ties to CCP Calif. Gov. Newsom signs billion-dollar contract to buy masks from Chinese manufacturer with troubled record | One America News Network  …
I don't want "relations" with the Chinese Communist Party after they intentionally spread their virus to our country. They didn't allow travel from Wuhan to other cities in China, but sent hundreds of thousands from Wuhan to the U.S.  an act of war against us.  …
#BackFire #CoronaVirus #FakeNews #Wisconsin Radio Free Asia (RFA) reported that the Chinese Communist Party’s (CCP) outrageous effort to pressure the legislature of Wisconsin to pass a resolution praising Beijing for its handling of the coronavirus effort  …
A good read. 146,000 acres of farmland is owned by a  which essentially means it is owned by China.  …
I am not surprised the New York Times and other fake news medias haven’t reported on the recent update on the COVID-19 Virus. Tucker Carlson Unleashes on US Media For Relaying Chinese Propaganda  …
#NATO warns allies to block #China buying spree Will the financial fallout from #coronavirus make #European infrastructure vulnerable to the #Chinese government's checkbook? Some experts warn that Europe is already in precarious straits  …
If there's one person who got Chinese & Indians right, it is @therealrussellp "Bea a 
Govt act tonight is triple violation 三違反 like Chinese  on Then-governor Chris Patten’s politics reform package in 1992 - Against Sino-British Joint Declaration, Against Basic Law and Against all agreements.
So, as we fight CoronaVirus, we should remember we have another Enemy. China. That's a Fact. The debt traps are meant to pave way for  to take Over. When you see a Chinese beating a Kenyan mercilessly in Kenya yet they don't even have a work permit! Beats me.
There is officially a Scramble for Africa and if we don't watch it, the world war might even be as a result for the scramble of Africa for the second time. The Chinese want our land & the West want our Minerals, Herbs etc. By 2050, China's population will definitely be exploding.
let’s not forget that singapore today is a chinese ethnostate built on british thievery of indigenous lands. chinese singaporeans would call out white privilege in the west yet fail to recognise their own in singapore. scum behaviour to deny there’s no racial bias in the media.
chinese singaporeans have tried to erase indigenous discourse so much with decades of chinese-centric policies it breeds a particular kind of blindness. they benefit from racism simply by the merit, yet they’re the ones seemingly portrayed as being some massive victims of racism.
another shoutout goes to @BanditPig_ @RyanGodric and @javioje9 who together with @lordBUSHr edited all of the game footage you saw over the last days! An  of these guys. Additional thanks to @paranoidA_2 who helped to bring the event our chinese viewers! 
It is time for the #ChineseInKenyaMustGo to China to deal with their Chinese virus. These racist CHOWDERHEAD for a lack of better words must be Stopped from mistreating our people hapa home and Away! 
As Chinese must go. They must go with their regional Governor before he kills us all. He is the Shida! 
I have a very bad feeling about this move. A lot of people died in Europe bcoz of this due to cross-contamination Coronavirus infections. That is why the Chinese built a Covid-19 hospital with no other medicine disciplines. I hope it won’t be a disaster.  …
Why are ppl shocked about the Chinese being racist wtf we have you been for us with our eyes wide open we have know this for years only thing is it's now viral for all to see Fuk China
I condemn in the strongest terms the arrest of peaceful pro-democracy leaders in Hong Kong and call on the local authorities and their Chinese Communist Party handlers in Beijing to release them immediately. #StandWithHongKong.  …
Remember when Quid Pro Joe and his son took Air Force 2 to China and scored a $1.5 Billion deal with a Chinese national bank in 2013? I do.
. @TedCruz is calling for a new approach to relations with China, as they've  "greatest geopolitical threat." " @NIH confirmed to me 76,000 US taxpayer dollars in FY2019 went to one of the Chinese virology labs in Wuhan." 
China decimated US intelligence apparatus years ago, posing steep challenge during #COVID cover-up. >China killed 18-20 CIA informants, 2010-2012. >Chinese Spy (driver) for Sen DiFi, 20 yrs >HRC email server/Access granted/CrowdStrike #China, Great Falls God Wins #Trump2020 
Now you might be wondering "why is COVID-19 well adapted to tree shrews and ferrets, much more so than humans?" The answer's obvious but I'll spell it out: Chinese scientists grew it in those animals before it made the jump to humans. Whether by accident or design, it happened.
Blaming the West for Chinese nationalism is like blaming the US for Stalin being bit strident
China is worried about a second wave of COVID-19. Africans in one city are being evicted. The evictions are blamed on racism, which the Chinese government denies. 
While President God was threatening to cripple China’s economy: - He was pulling US scientists from Wuhan. - Ivanka was receiving Chinese patents for voting machines. - Kushner was trying to get China to give him large business loans. ...But Hunter Biden #WhatWeHaveToLose
This is an emphatic takedown of the slippery,unaccountable n autocratic #Chinese govt by @dailytelegraph Australia Time world stopped double standards n hypocrisy of this autocratic , dangerous regime in #China. #ChinaVirus #IndiaFightsCorona @realDonaldTrump 
Guineans are applying a mirror-treatment to the chinese. Cameroonians are also planning a #Chinamustfall 
Following the Maltreatment of Blacks in China by Chinese officials, A video shows Guinea Government arrested all Chinese Nationals in their country until all Guineans in China return safely.  … #coronaviruskenya #ChineseInKenyaMustGo  …
Who exactly does @RepAdamSchiff think we should blame? Tahiti? Italy? Switzerland? It started in Wuhan in Communist China. You have no problem saying the German measles. And we have no problem calling it the Chinese Wuhan virus. Let loose on the world. 
I haven't used Zoom once during this pandemic. Why would I use Chinese servers... on purpose... using video? Dumb dumb $ZM
HAHAHAHAHAHA if I want Chinese propaganda I'll just watch the WHO updates.
DemocRATS Love The #PoliceState As Long As THEY Are In Charge: Chinese Drones Used To Enforce Social Distancing Rules In 22 States They Deny SPYING On #Americans Who Believes 
You poor thing, @brianstelter. Don’t cry! Your work is very valuable to  Chinese government. That’s why they pay you. Chin up! You have a glorious Marxist dictatorship to support!  …
To be brown in this country is to be told to bear your own dehumanization from the majority Chinese population & the institutions that support them, to be “kind”, but this is a kindness they would not extend to us when we finally break from the anger of racism & retaliate.
Pl read what the Nobel laureate has to say about Corona Virus. Chinese Coronavirus Is a Man Made Virus According to Luc Montagnier the Man Who Discovered HIV - Gilmore Health  …
I’m sorry, but nobody stands up for black people when black culture is being appropriated on stan twt, so why are y’all going so hard to defend either side of this Chinese vs Korean shit I see on my TL? That ain’t our business. Sorry they can fight for their own CA.
Calif. Gov. Newsom Signs Billion-Dollar Contract To Buy Masks From Chinese Manufacturer With Troubled Record  … 
Potting up the first of the Chinese artichokes, even if they do look like nettles #potting #garden 
When your kind friend asks if you want anything at the Chinese grocery he’s currently shopping in (thinking that maybe you’ll list 1 item, max 2...) and this is what you fire off... 
Zoom also isn’t a  its based in California, founded by an American, who happens to be Asian. Great work, Nancy! 
Many of you are too young to remember the death & destruction that the Ch1nese regime inflicted on their own people in Tiananmen square in 1989. The Chinese Government slaughtered their own people that were protesting against their rule This is the same regime that harvest organs  …
Trump Sends Funds Meant for Pro-Abortion WHO(World Health Org)to Samaritan’s Purse & Red Cross to Fight Coronavirus! Thank you @POTUS! The WHO Lied to us about Virus & WHO is in bed with the Chinese Communist Government! WHO is responsible for USA deaths!  …
It was my pleasure! It was great to examine the parallels between the PC thought police when  to criticizing Islam or the Chinese government. Ppl are capable of criticizing bad ideas without hating ppl-in fact, we criticize precisely because we *don’t* hate the ppl  …
Yet more proof of the extent to which the Chinese Communist regime will go to suppress opposition. The world is watching now more than ever before.  …
What would the Shadowhunters be doing during quarantine? - The New York gang would just stay in and order Chinese food - Julian would paint a lot - They’re all training 14 hours a day anyway
Some states are following the Chinese Model of Reporting #Covid19 numbers. State CM's should know that they cannot hide the truth 4 long but on the other hand they are endangering the lives of innocent ppl by hiding d fact. @ashokgehlot51 @MamataOfficial #COVID 
#재민 #jaemin The full price details are in the form. please read carefully and fill the form before 4/24 This form is only for group orders and individual buyers with a Chinese address.  …】 Thanks for your love and support for 
How about a challenge to whet your appetite for Sunday's #VirtualGP? Fernando Alonso's fastest lap at the 2006 Chinese Grand Prix was 1:37.586 - how close can you get using the R26? Shanghai International Circuit 2006 Renault R26 1:37.586 Show us how you do! 
Good news! #Chinese funds now HAVE to take Govt permission to invest in Indian Co.s. It is great to have a Government that listens. Thanks @PiyushGoyal ji 
Here is who the Chinese Communist Party thinks are their "Friendly" American governors  
A Chinese medical team of eight experts who aided Pakistan's fight against COVID-19 returned Friday night to Urumqi, capital of Xinjiang  
Good decision. India has changed its FDI Policy requiring any investment from a neighbouring country in India can be made only with Govt approval. This change is mainly to deter Chinese takeover of  at cheap valuations due to corona. See:  …
Bloody @SkyNews reporting on American care homes not coping with the Chinese virus, how about reporting on what happened in Spain and Italy where care home workers left the elderly to die. Ffs!
Our politicians sold us to the Chinese. Chinese are not black and will never be.
#ChineseInKenyaMustGo uhuru was the wrong president for this crisis. some of this stupid things chinese are doing inside our country. no foreigner could pull that card during moi's time. moi was respected and feared. may he RIP.
i'm on my last week of school but i took out some time to draw my new OC... her name is yu (the chinese 'jade' character) and she loves you. 
the more blamings from the west, the more nationalistic Chinese public discourse will get. And these blamings  when many were truely angry and blaming the govt themselves for cover-up and mishandling (Jan and early Feb), but came when they'd  it.  …
Not looking good... This will be the fate of all Chinese residents of Africa if Chinese govt fails to strongly condemn acts of discrimination targeting Africans in various cities of China. We expect @ChinaEmbAddis to strongly condemn open racism in 
Smithfield Foods should NEVER have been sold to a  back in 2013. Absolutely disgraceful and smart elected officials should immediately push for this error to be fixed.  …
After Uhuru, imported virus the country on a plane with hundreds of Chinese arriving in Kenya freely from the epicentre of the outbreak. Sent his minister to defend his effort to allow carriers of the virus into Kenya. Now see he demands Kenyans to be virus free to be allowed in  …
It should be said that this is a very Chinese strategy. For years China has sought to use anti-foreigner protests against Japan and other countries as a way to deflect domestic criticism.  …
The bravest people on Earth will be the first human test subjects for the Chinese Virus vaccine. What if what eventually happens is similar to the situation in the TV show ”Last Man on Earth”? I really envy anyone who hasn't seen that series. Whatever you do, DON'T watch it now.
Just makes it look like China targeted Western Countries... ...enemies of my enemy Soros... ...Gates Rothschilds... Who’s INVESTED in a Chinese Virology Technology... ... @Harvard NANO Biology Department Spy Is Harvard involved... @POTUS #WWG1WGA #5G #TWGRP #KAG2020 #1A 
I am glad the Chinese media would never incite nationalism, prejudice, and anti-foreign sentiment.  …
no teasers. no album details. no  timeline. no promotions. yet RELOAD preorder numbers reached more than 120.2K as of April 18. -68K preorders from ktown4u alone -52K from various chinese bars (orders from ktown4u already excluded) 
British politician & #HongKong democracy supporter Lord Alton calls today's crackdown on pro-democracy figures "shocking". He has urged the #UK to urgently remonstrate w/ the #Chinese Govt. He also said it's a wake up call to the world abt the true nature of the #CCP. 
From now on, any  wanting to invest in India will require permission from the government. What about Pakistan then? 
"He ran for president four years ago vowing to get tough with China, but his ambition was not to isolate the Chinese but to work with them — and especially for the United States to make more money from the relationship."  …
Just like Chairman Mao took the food away from the Chinese people to give to places like Russia so he'd look good.
Uncle Sam should seize it all immediately, auction it off to American buyers, and use the proceeds as part of the #Reparations that the Chinese Communist Party owes us all.  …
. @CoryBooker @JoeBiden @elephantsdc @DrTedros  that wildlife trade for food must be banned. YES. We agree. BUT, the demand for wildlife body parts are primarily driven by the TCM (Traditional Chinese medicine) and fur industries. ? @EleRhinoMarch @LindseyGrahamSC  …
Thank you Ben for writing your words into traditional Chinese!
#IndiaCheckmatesChina | We do not need Chinese money. IMF has clearly said India will grow by 1.5% this year, while the world will shrink by 3% : Akash Jindal, Economist Watch here:  
Quit playing with me and open the Chinese Buffets back up.
Bild is Germany‘s biggest newspaper. I think it‘s safe to say they aren’t very impressed with the Chinese Communist Party. Watch below:  …
#IndiaCheckmatesChina Chinese dumping is more dangerous for Indian industries. So urgent need to impose high duty on Chinese goods to prevent closure of indian industries.
Last time, he wanted Americans to be frightened of Latinos. Now it's the Chinese. He's running on fear. It's all he's got  …
On Friday, Fox News primetime host Tucker Carlson unleashed on the main stream media as he called them out for  Chinese state media propaganda relating to the coronavirus outbreak. via   …
The Trump administration has ordered US intelligence agencies to investigate reports that the coronavirus may have escaped from a Chinese biological laboratory in Wuhan  …
Locke"said there would need to be a 'post-mortem' on how Beijing handled the coronavirus, but...argued that Mr. Trump’s own muted concerns about China had helped shield the Chinese govt from criticism about its own actions in the early months of" outbreak  …
Australia has problems w/Chinese nationals hoarding products (e.g., baby formula) to sell at a profit to online shoppers in mainland China. Australian formula is in high demand in China after one domestically produced brand was discovered to taint its milk w/deadly chemicals.
In an open letter to Chinese citizens and foreign nationals, Foreign Affairs Office of #China's Guangdong government said the anti-virus measures are applied to all people living in Guangdong, including Chinese citizens and foreign nationals from all countries. 
#IndiaCheckmatesChina | We do not need Chinese money. IMF has clearly said India will grow by 1.5% this year, while the world will shrink by 3% : Akash Jindal, Economist Watch here:  
A question to my  demanding that Covid-19 be called "the Chinese virus" because "that's where it came from": can I still call myself South African or do I now have to go with "Dutch-German-Welsh-English"?
An issue at the forefront of many of our minds is the role of the Chinese Government in the coronavirus outbreak. Watch below for my plan on how to proceed in holding the CCP accountable: #NY22 
It's seems Moi knew something about Chinese. Hakutaka story zao kabsaaa. Shida ilianza 2003. 
The heads of states in Africa are not telling their people the truth about Chinese. it is pure lie that Chinese they create jobs in Africa because whatever they do they employ their own, they built Chinese Embassy in Pretoria labourers where Chinese, Chinese were mixing concrete 
If this guy was around, all Chinese in Africa would have been given 72hrs to leave Africa or else! 
unpopular opinion but indian takeaway over chinese any day
Chinese Communist Party is branding all who say #China is responsible for the #pandemic, as racist. The day I give a damn about what a lying Communist says about me will be long after I’m dead. Now here's @TerryGlavin joining me w the case against  …
2/ The charges against Martin Lee, Jimmy Lai, Margaret Ng, Lee Cheuk Yan & others should be dropped & it is long past time for Chinese and Hong Kong officials to create an  on police behavior.
*Communist China bans Africans from businesses, evict them from homes, and depicts them as wild savages in art museums* Democrats: *Trump calls a virus that originated in China a Chinese virus.* Democrats: RACIST!!
Let me get this straight. Chanel Rion was barred from the WH by the WHCA for violating a social distancing policy. Meanwhile , they allow Chinese propagandists into the WH briefing room who lie about having Taiwanese press credentials. How do CCP agents keep getting in?
highly appreciate your effort to write in traditional Chinese ! (minor point: Martin Lee's chinese name is 李柱銘 rather than 馬丁·李).
I have decided not to watch anything new on Chinese mistreating Africans. I know enough. It is happening. It is widespread,rampant and state sanctioned. I do not want to hear from ‘house negros ‘ they can go to hell . #ChineseWuhanVirus
An investigation into why ETHNIC GROUPS are affected particularly badly by Chinese Flu is underway. A few places to begin: adherence to social distancing, hygiene levels, multi generation housing. Now can we have a breakdown of the UK's WELFARE BUDGET by ethnicity please?
Trump praised the Chinese 15 times in January and February. Joe Biden was already screaming the warnings about trusting them. 
LIVE NOW: Chinese citizen "Ailee" calls in to #WarRoomPandemic Hospital system in Wuhan totally paralyzed from the #CCPVirus. We should not trust CCP death figures. #DescentIntoHell Listen & watch  @EpochTimes @gatewaypundit @jfradioshow @AVoiceNews
Chinese Communism means Racism Africans are beaten for no reason. Officials believe Africans have brought #COVID19 back .. Yesterday: China's #Wuhan revises up total #coronavirus death toll by 1,290 — a 50 per cent increase!! #Covid_19 #China 
A laboratory in the Chinese city of Wuhan has broken its silence to deny accusations that the coronavirus originated there. 
Chinese carriers have transported 9,544 tons of medical supplies via 575 passenger and cargo flights to 64 countries, including the US, by Tuesday. More than 50,000 passengers flew to China between Mar 29 and Apr 14: CAAC 
An 18-year old youth  suicide by hanging himself from ceiling fan of his room in his residence in Noida as he was “depressed for not getting enough likes for his TikTok videos”. He had uploaded 2 videos on the hugely popular #Chinese video-making app. Sad
sometimes it just dawns into me that the chinese actors who play roles for the drama which are taken from novel that has male x male relationships know that it’s a part of lgbtq,, knowing it can’t be aired without censorship but try their best to portray the emotions we all ++
Never forget that the Chinese government reduced to their Imperial Emperor to a gardener. They take glory and honour and turn it into dust. 
I’ve been craving chinese food but
Ha ha ha...pretty much says it all right there... “Chinese Coronavirus Is a Man Made Virus According to Luc Montagnier the Man Who Discovered HIV” 
Chinese virus.  …
Dr. Fauci throws cold water on conspiracy theory that coronavirus was created in a Chinese lab  …
EXCLUSIVE: After Coronavirus Spread in Hubei Province Chinese Officials Applied for Remdesivir Patent – They Knew Then It Would Treat Coronavirus – We Now Have Their Application The Chinese did attempt to market a cure for the coronavirus to the world …  
A list of the names given to Peshawar: 1) Purushpura - City of men (Sanskrit) 2) Poolooshu - (Chinese version of Purushpura) 3) Parashawar - (Arabic version of Purushpura) 4) Peshawar - Frontier city (Persian name by Akbar) 5) Peshor - (Hindko version of Peshawar) 1/2 
ONE THING I’VE NOTICED IN OUR TOWN. Since all the Chinese Restaurants are closed due to the virus, I’m starting to see dogs and cats in the neighborhood again. STRANGE.
 Chinese government does not do what’s best for it’s people. Let’s be clear about that. They control them according to what they see as their own best interests. #HongKong #HongKongProtests #HongKongers praying for the brave  …
" l'm proud of Guinea, they arrested most of the Chinese people in Guinea and threatened to deport all of them if Guineans don’t return home safely from China. And also the government will take every property of the Chinese in their country ". 
6 Chinese nationals have been arrested in Kabeza in Rwanda for defying the coronavirus lockdown by throwing a party. They rudely ignored their neighbours who raised concerns about threat it poses. When Police arrived, they told them China has good relations with the government.
The Chinese must think #Rwanda is a playground like they do in other African countries! Rwanda Doesn’t play. Arrest the  …
President Trump demands reporter who lied about being from Taiwan but was really from China be kicked out of the press briefings Like it is not bad enough he has to listen to American journalist spew Chinese propaganda. This crap has got to stop!  …
so easy to call out racism when it’s against the dominant Chinese but when NETS did brownface it was just “controversial” lmao stfu CNA  …
@WHO the trade of wildlife for TRADITIONAL CHINESE MEDICINE should be banned. All trade of wildlife should be banned. @EleRhinoMarch @mr_calvero @WildThingsInitv @MoveTheWorldAF  …
India moves to curb Chinese corporate takeovers 
This is absolutely a NO go for our country! People this is the end of our freedom if allowed! US shouldn’t be using Chinese drones to spy on US citizens after they caused this pandemic!!! WAKE UP NOW! 
Three lakh Rapid Antibody Test kits airlifted to Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu from the Chinese city of Guangzhou: Indian Ambassador to China Vikram Misri #CoronavirusPandemic  …
When buying masks to protect yourself & others from the Chinese Virus, make sure the masks are not "Made In China".
Worst Chinese food I ever had lol  …
A full stop to Chinese investments in India - DPIIT issued the Press Note 3 (2020 series) - As per the Press Note, Foreign investments from countries with which India shares land border shall be under approval route. 
Racists Chinese they are not in Africa 4 gold, silver or diamond but to take over Africa, black child wake up there no race that love us regardless of how nice we treat them. Black people are the most peaceful nation on this planet but the world is at war to destroy them 
Can a Mandarin speaker translate what these men are saying? Video purports to show door security in a Chinese shopping center preventing black people from entering. A white woman tries to help but is unsuccessful. 
Jun: The #CCP suppressed information about the virus out of fear, to hide true intentions from the Chinese people, rest of the world #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell Listen & watch  @EpochTimes @gatewaypundit @jfradioshow @AVoiceNews
The Obama-Biden Administration gave $3.7 million to the Chinese lab in Wuhan for the investigation into the origin of the coronavirus. President Trump said he is looking into it and will end that grant very quickly! Rt if you agree. Please follow 
Chinese city battles to contain coronavirus clusters in two hospitals  …
EXCLUSIVE: After Coronavirus Spread in Hubei Province Chinese Officials Applied for Remdesivir Patent - They Knew Then It Would Treat Coronavirus - We Now Have Their Application  … via @gatewaypundit
India moves to curb Chinese corporate takeovers 
Fauci rejects theory Covid-19 escaped Chinese lab "Virologists looked at the sequences in bats as they evolve. The mutations that it took to get to the point where it is now is totally consistent with a jump of a species from an animal to a human."  …
Chinese have been racists from the word go but African leaders are throwing red carpet for them 
If you live in the Washington area, you probably know Meiwah restaurant and it's owner, Larry La. The Chinese fixture, open for two decades, closed last month indefinitely- and it set off an immediate chain reaction through industries across the country.  …
Haan Haan... China is clearly the target... Why are you whining as if your bag of rice & monthly coupon to Chinese wet markets is being stolen from your house  …
India revises FDI Policy, to control Chinese investment/takeover of  during the COVID-19 crisis. Thank you @mygovindia @PMOIndia @nsitharaman for taking a bold decision. It will protect Indian Companies & our future.
CNN... Communist News Network. Paid for by black money from the C_A and Chinese Communist Party funds syphoned through stocks and  CNN = ENEMY of the PEOPLE by Decree of President @realDonaldTrump. God bless you,  …
Heart4U —> 심포유 (Sim4U) = 심장포유 (심장/simjang = heart) They wrote “心포유” (Xīn4U) because “心” is the chinese character for heart Also the caption: “Suho I think (this/it ??) will be a great gift to EXO-L as well”.. I’m so excited to watch it!! #EXO #수호 
I think we should all be grateful for the Chinese Virus. Deaths due to cancer, AIDS, heart disease, flu, pneumonia, etc. have all ceased.
Ep 151 of @TFTC21 is live now! I sat down with @OGBTC to discuss: - Finding Bitcoin in 2010 - The evolution of mining - Procuring miners in China - Evolution of Chinese culture - Chip fab foundries - much more Really enjoyed this discussion. Subscribe.  …
Lockdown is suiting my Dad - found my Grandpa’s account of surviving Alexandra Hospital Massacre and being captured as Singapore fell. He later writes fondly of the Chinese sneaking British soldiers food when imprisoned in the P.O.W camp. 
Zhoumi contributed to the group's first Chinese album "迷 (Me)" by writing the Chinese lyrics for "爱你爱你 (Love Song)", "Marry U" and "渴望 (A Man In Love)". @zhoumi_419 @SJofficial #HappyZhoumiDay 
. @tedcruz on #Verdict: Absolutely YES the US Govt knew the Wuhan Institute was conducting dangerous bat virus research & #WeTheTaxpayers FUNDED IT! The Chinese govt needs to answer this question right now: Were they studying the novel #Coronavirus?  …
Chinese Embassy in Canberra Australia did this to a local newspaper here as well. The newspaper responded with a frontpage basically telling them to bugger off. The ChiCom's seem to forget we're democracies, not a province in China cc @thespybrief @LouiseMensch  …
EXCLUSIVE: After Coronavirus Spread in Hubei Province Chinese Officials Applied for Remdesivir Patent - They Knew Then It Would Treat Coronavirus - We Now Have Their Application  …
Walking Dead prequel series about Daryl Dixon sitting at home refreshing Amazon’s toilet paper listings trying to convince his brother not to go out and harass Chinese people
Report your parents. Report your children. There is only the state, and Big Brother is watching. #AskMyMayor why he is embracing the same tactics used by the Nazis, the Soviets, and the Chinese. Remind him this is America, the land of the free and the home of the brave. 
In the after action report part of Mistakes Were Made, one of the questions that needs to be answered is why did we follow a Chinese model instead of a Swedish one?  …
Ohio Gov. Mike DeWine (R) announced Thursday that the state will begin to re-open on May 1, the same day its stay-at-home order prompted by the Chinese coronavirus pandemic is scheduled to expire. 
Renegade funded the Chinese enemy. Is that Treason? Is that sedition? An agent of the enemy during wartime and during a national emergency. What is the punishment for that? Hope I get selected for the Military Jury in Gitmo.  …
China, while conspiring to replace America as the world economic leader, made a huge blunder by suppressing the "accidental" release of the latest Corona virus. The tragic deaths of Chinese citizens notwithstanding, an unparalleled world wide economic devastation is occurring.
#GlamorChina Putuo Island in Zhoushan, #Zhejiang province, is an important site in Chinese Buddhism and has been a pilgrimage destination for over 1,000 years. 
. @SecPompeo: We really need the Chinese Government to open up. One of the best ways they could find to cooperate would be to let the world in, to let the world’s scientists know exactly how this came to be, exactly how this virus began to spread. 
It’s over for HK as we knew it- CCP arrests "just hours after China’s top representative office in the semiautonomous city declared it is not bound by restrictions in Hong Kong’s constitution, the Basic Law, that bar Chinese government from interfering in local affairs."
The past year has seen America’s industrial and consumer supply chains threatened by two critical events: the rise of Huawei as a Chinese state-backed  giant, and the outbreak of the coronavirus (also originating in China).  …
My favorite Chinese restaurant said they’d be back on the 16th. I’ve been calling everyday since then but yesterday their phone number was disconnected 
 to South Africa where black people laugh at each other for not being fluent in a foreign language called English. They do not laugh at Chinese people or any other races for not being fluent in English but they laugh at each other Keep on trying wena Babes Wodumo  …
I love how Steve Bannon on #WarRoomPandemic is showing us the difference between the #CCP and the Chinese people. #CCP dominance and control effect us everywhere in America because of Cultural Marxism. That is ALL of our instutitions- Schools and Hospitals.
Bannon: #CCP is the enemy of the Chinese people. They're the enemy of the US. They're the enemy of mankind. You may have no interest in the CCP, but they have an interest in you. #WarRoomPandemic #DescentIntoHell @EpochTimes @gatewaypundit 
WHAT naw don’t tell me the Chinese would deliberately cheat 2 get around our tariffs would they Read this & you decide They lied about the number of deaths due to coronavirus-what else? President Trump is working hard to correct this  …
A  runs a huge, labor-intensive, low-wage, diseased, and unsafe meatpacking plant in South Dakota, So the NYT's progressives ignore Americans & praise the exploited immigrant workforce as disposable martyrs for diversity. Same with 
Chinese Ahgases raised enough money to pre-order 120,344 copies of Got7's Album DYE - Day13 cr.挂学课堂 @GOT7Official 
China eats dogs, monkeys and bats. But the virus certainly  from their disgusting appetite; it came from their lab! Read the Chinese year of the Yulin! It is disgusting and yet America continues to import products made in China!!
We have to educate people about the plots and schemes of the Chinese Communist Party #CCP, against humanity. If we don't finally, as a Nation, grasp what they are doing to us, we won't be able to change much and they will win. Watch #WarRoomPandemic for the news you need.
Why are the enemies of America the friends of Silicon Valley and the masters of social media? Why do the censon on behalf of the Chinese Communist Party?
These Chinese people out here showing their ass. Some of us already knew they were racist against us, tho.
#WuhanVirus is to the Chinese Communist Party what #Chernobyl was to the Soviet Union. It has exposed the utter disregard for human life of the Party leaders. The rest of the world is recoiling in horror at it.
Don't be fooled—the Chinese Communist Party knew the destruction this virus would cause in December. Now, with over 2 million cases worldwide, this pandemic has caused utter destruction. The CCP must be held responsible for this deceit.
My Chinese friend asked me “ Hey Bernard, so tell me. In your country , are you handsome ?”. . Was he trying to insult me or it’s a legit question
Buy nothing Chinese! They have attacked us!  …
saw this  for teuks live “does that mean if i bark i can sit on teuk’s lap while he plays the piano? im gonna bark now.” KEKDJSJSJS
You don't say. CCP arrests "just hours after China’s top representative office in the semiautonomous city declared it is not bound by restrictions in Hong Kong’s constitution, the Basic Law, that bar Chinese government from interfering in local affairs."  …
We can't have Kenyans stuck in China yet Chinese are enjoying freedom here. No Chinese should be seen on the streets until we get equal. Colonialism ended. I am black,proud & must be respected. Same to all Kenyans in China. #ChineseVirusCorona #RacismInChina 
HUGE: The UK Just Dumped China's Huawei in 5G Tech Roll-Out — Citing its Lies Over Coronavirus. But some of us know the real reason is due to the fact that bad Chinese #5G connects to the Coronavirus outbreak. #5G #Microwaves #CoronaVirus  …
Two Down & A Boat Load To Go! A Nationwide Ban Is What Needs To Be Done! Please Help Fight For The Cause! This Needs To End! Second Chinese city bans consumption of dog and cat meat  …
Some African governments already bilaterally petitioning China for relief say Chinese envoys are citing provisions in loan agreements that would transfer collateral, in some cases strategic state assets, into Beijing’s hands: WSJ 
Some domes of #Kartarpur Gurudwara premises in #Pakistan have collapsed due to storm. This was the newly constructed part built in 2018. You can see the quality, a fibre material. Learning the Chinese way. Hurting sentiments of Sikhs. 
“The WHO was willfully working with the [Chinese Communist Party] to mislead the rest of the world as to what was going on...”  …
Chinese-owned plant closes in 2 states? Question 1) If these aren’t American-Chinese why are we allowing  to own and operate our food supply? 2) How many American owned plants are closed? 3) Have we had enough of globalism now?  …
Evolution of the Borzoi is Chinese meme: 1. "I'm Chinese *wink*" 2. "Maybe I'm Chinese, maybe I'm not" 3. "Haha, this idiot thinks I'm Chinese" 4. "okay guys seriously I'm not actually Chinese" 5. "please stop calling me Chinese I don't want to turn into one"
#France said on Friday there was no evidence so far of a link between the novel #coronavirus and the work of the P4 research laboratory in the Chinese city of #Wuhan, rejecting a recent claim by #Nobel-winning French scientist Luc  …
I agree Chinese turn out to be scums but maybe Africans we must concentrate on building our own spaces, stop trying to join other races, suffocating their spaces. Let's create our own religions, industries, cultures and economies #Chinamustfall #ChinaMustExplain #ChinaIsRacist
The Poppy War trilogy by @kuangrf as unnecessarily extravagant Chinese lolita dresses, feat. bootleg rin the 3rd  out Nov 17 GO PREORDER:  … catch me on insta:  
Obviously, @BILD is telling the Chinese embassy not to mess with them. Some of the statements could well be disputed, but the attitude is  You're not going to curtail our freedom of speech! That's what the party state should hear as often as possible.  …
If you want to see the difference between how a totalitarian and a free Chinese society handles a public health emergency, just contrast the actions of the People’s Republic with those of Taiwan, writes @marcthiessen for  …
We Are Mad At China, But Hunter Biden Is Not; Still Board Member of Chinese Company 
Why did we stop calling it the Chinese Virus?
On Martin Lee’s arrest, recap my old story two years ago captured from the UK’s National Archives - To block Martin Lee from the gov’s top advisory body in the 1990s, the Chinese side is willing to risk the airport:  …
A Chinese financial website just listed all the donghua movies in production stages right now and there are some surprising revelations from it. Jiang Ziya, Deep Sea, NeZha 2 and Monkey King 2 are all on there continuing the FengShen universe. 
hi everyone, I'm mamamoo solar. woo~ my 1st solo album 'spit it out' releases on 23 april. yoo~ preorders are up on 一直娱 app, so please give it a lot of interest. there's also a video call fansign specially prepared for chinese moomoos, - 
“The coronavirus outbreak could have started as early as mid-September, and the Chinese city of Wuhan may not be where it began, a scientist looking at the origins of the disease has said.”  …
It IS the Chinese virus.
As @legcoreview pointed out, Martin Lee, a veteran @HKDemocrats, is mocked by Beijing's loyalists before his status showed that Hong Kong has freedom under Chinese ruling, including in this 2017 article by Margaret Ng. Today, both Lee and Ng are arrested.  …
#मेरा_पैसा_मेरी_मर्जी “Not until we see the richness of the Hindu mind and its essential spirituality can we understand India.” ~ Lyn Yutang, Chinese writer and philosopher #HinduEconomy
Pakistan to gt chinese autonomous killer drones "Blowfish A2 & A3" These drones hve VTOL system They can carry a payload of 38-40 kg They can b fitted with a machine gun They can b fitted with 60mm or 80mm shells They can also b fitted wth mini rockets & vertical tubes for bombs 
When buying masks to protect yourself & others from the Chinese Virus, make sure the masks are not "Made In China".
what renjun said in chinese! 
Tit for tat is a fair game. Ata kama ni deni the Chinese wamekuja Sana, those racist are beating Kenyans home & away. Below is a quarry in Juja. Kenya government have no idea on how to help Kenyans they are waiting for the orders from their master in Beijing #ChineseInKenyaMustGo 
Just found these Chinese vocab flash cards I’d made ages ago, behind the sofa next to our heater.. but because I used Frixion ink, which is erasable with heat, the words have disappeared 
I don't care if it was intentional or an accident. The result is the same. Our economy has been crippled and many are dead. The Chinese government has a lot to answer for. They must be held accountable
Something should be done to Chinese in our country Uganda I miss #iddAmin dada 
I note that the Chinese airlines are trying to take over Virgin Australia. Boycott anything and everything Chinese.
Wu Tang is just Chinese orange juice.
China has announced that it is sending another round of aid shipments to Cuba, in direct defiance of US sanctions on Cuba. In its announcement, the Chinese embassy to Cuba emphasized solidarity and quoted Che Guevera: "What we must practice today is solidarity. -Che Guevera"  …
Western news media at war with China. The Chinese media :  …
LIVE NOW: Chinese whistleblower Miles Guo @VOG_2020 joins Steve Bannon's #WarRoomPandemic special  …
This @foreignoffice statement is embarrassing. A call for “political dialogue” in Hong Kong? In the context of mainland China’s autocratic political culture the only dialogue the Chinese Communist Party approves is for people to praise the CCP.  …
CHINESE INVESTMENTS IN INDIA . Gateway House Report No: 3 February 2020 Pages 9, 10 & 11.  are we going to boycott now? 
UK government as a co-signatory of Sino-British Joint Declaration is liable for monitoring its implementation closely, but now Chinese government blatantly violates the treaty. What action is your government taking? Sit and do nothing?
The Chinese Communist Party is notorious for obscuring the truth. The defense budget data available from Beijing suffer from three distinct problems: lack of transparency, known omissions, and unreliability. @FredericoBF presents the known 
The death toll in China "is far higher than that and far higher than the U.S., not even close!" The  regime raised its #CCPvirus death toll by 50% in the epicenter #Wuhan, drawing criticism from President 
Ten Chinese patients with severe cases of covid-19 were given transfusions of blood from those who have beaten the disease. After three days, the patients seemed to do much better. In several of the patients the virus cleared up entirely. 
China's censorship risks a coronavirus resurgence: if you were a Chinese public health official, would you contradict Pres Xi Jinping's insistence that there is no more human-to-human transmission in China? 
“It is doubtful that Beijing’s gambit will succeed in turning a pandemic that likely started in a Chinese city into a major step in China’s rise.” 
An extraordinary, blatant, outrageous, unacceptable, abhorrent travesty of justice If the Chinese Communist Party thinks it can slip this through, they're in for a shock We have a pandemic, but it doesn't mean we abandon the pandems #StandwithHK #HongKong  …
Fox News reported late on Wednesday that U.S. officials say that the coronavirus originated in a Wuhan lab, and that  officials blamed a wet market in Wuhan to deflect blame from the lab and destroyed evidence from the lab. 
The solution will be not buying from the Dragon city, Chinatown, China mall or anything Chinese.
Wait we are talking about a backlash against the Chinese but ignoring their treatment of Blacks in China? ⁦ @TheBlackCaucus⁩ ⁦  …
Pure Chinese propaganda. We are not one with  bastards. Our govt sold us out to them long ago. I'm going to try to never buy anything from China again. #ChinaVirus  …
This, sadly is true. The Chinese project is to settle 300m people in Africa in the near future. That will be one in 6 or 7 people in Africa being Chinese. Meanwhile no African can own land in China.  …
Sit down and shut up. No one has time for your Wokeness. The virus originated in China. It IS the Chinese Virus. Unless you want to rename the Spanish Flu too.  …
I've never seen a Chinese audition show using so many exo songs jsjdnd exo chinese versions performed by hot girls? multiple wins for me i think 
Insane how some of my Chinese aunties + uncles can speak Chinese, Fijian + Hindi. In order to survive within a growing Fiji, they had to adapt fast and hustle hard. Last time I was in Fiji (2016), I tripped out when my aunty began speaking all three languages to different people
It high time now that South Africa amends these classifications and Chinese ppl be treated like all other foreigners. What was strange was the fact that they were more favored than our African nationals. They’re Asians finish n klaar
I love Huawei products. But looking at how China is playing, I have decided to boycott Chinese products as far as I can. It is tough to find alternatives but all of us who can afford it, should try to. Looks like GOI is urgent taking stps to curb Chinese investment in India too. 
It is known the Chinese invented this "situation". What should be done if they released it on purpose as well? Act of war?
Chinese embassies trying to browbeat media critical of them. It’s happening in India too. Its embassy in Delhi has issued 2 or 3 statements in the last few days.  …
moalhaddad2 Hi Mo, Our details were given to NHS Procurement weeks ago. We can make these in our Chinese manufacturing chain but cant get them to reply to us. We are Glasgow based. The first batch could have been in service with you by now. My Email is mark@lomo.co.uk 
Does anyone know where this massive apartheid campaign against Africans in China  from? Was it started by local, national authorities? A movement on Chinese internet?
"Black Economic Empowerment (BEE) is a racially selective programme launched by the South African government to redress the inequalities of Apartheid by giving black (African, Coloureds, Indians & Chinese) SA citizens economic privileges that are not available to Whites." 
The Left sees the Chinese Wuhan Coronavirus as an opportunity to change voting practices in America...FOREVER! 
Chinese Firm’s Letter On Hunter Biden’s Resignation Raises More Questions Than It Answers.  …
We're played every time. Western capitalists, Americans and Europeans are exposing and catalyzing Chinese xenophobia against Africans, trying to break Africa - China relationship. Yes, there are cases of crimes against Africans, but Wester is now involved. Face it carefully.
So all Chinese investments in Indian Startups will happen through Govt route ? Hope they follow the new FDI policy tweaks in letter and in spirit.
Somebody should tell these racist Chinese fools that in a certain crazy and confused country in Africa,Chinese people are actually classified as “black” for the purposes of black economic empowerment...Exactly the same as the indeginous population! 
Mentor Lisa is now teaching the trainees the choreo of EXO's MAMA Chinese Version by online dance class I hope KrisHanTao see this performance 
German editor’s response to Chinese embassy “Why are your toxic laboratories not as secure as your prisons for political prisoners?” “You plan to strengthen China through a plague that you exported.”  …
Poor meigeni who put the letter in a red envelope and kris thought there was money inside so rejected it (it’s chinese tradition to give red envelopes on Chinese New Year) #KrisWu #WuYiFan 
@ChineseEmbKenya @XHNews when will the chinese government address racism against Africans and kenyans in particular or is it their official policy @ForeignOfficeKE  …
This official protocol of using traditional Chinese medicine for #WuhanCoronavirus from the CDC of China is implicitly endorsed by @WHO while @DrTedros criticizes the use of hydroxychloroquine. Anything from China is acceptable to 
India amends FDI policy to prevent ‘opportunistic acquisitions’ of  by the Chinese The revised policy states that the countries that share land borders with India can only invest in  with government’s approval  …
Nigel Farage Says President Trump Is Right on WHO, Calls for Boycott of Chinese Products. Yup both Nigel and POTUS are absolutely right, Boycott China!!  …
It's still unbelievable that Nancy Pelosi justifies the disappearance of Congress in the middle of a major crisis by claiming they can't use Zoom because "it's a Chinese entity." It's a US business with an American citizen CEO who emigrated from China:  …
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for finally realising the #Fact. This @voadeewa is a great example of #manipulation & #disinformation. “VOA is amplifying Chinese government propaganda, and at the press briefing, #Trump called VOA’s reporting  …
Unknown location, China. For all those people pining for a new world order with Chinese characteristics, this is what you are asking for. 
I'm Chinese and I've personally dealt with mainland Chinese who have this "fuck everyone, I'm looking out for number one" attitude. I have no reason to make up nonsense or promote racism against other Chinese, most of whom are very fine people. Daigou (go-betweens) are a problem.
please! Let's not forget those who died in Benghazi. Covid19? The only ones to blame are the chinese. Benghazi? The only ones to blame were DEMOCRATS!  …
Why did the Obama - Biden Administration give $3.7 million to the Chinese lab in Wuhan China in 2015? 
Eight Chinese doctors arrive in Malaysia to help fight COVID-19 #AWANInews #EnglishNEWS  
oh i just saw that there’s another video call fansign specially for chinese fans? but it’s 9:1 video call omg that would be crazy
The reporter is indeed from Taiwan and announced his affiliation with Shanghai Media Group many times before to the President. What has changed is Trump’s attitude towards Chinese media reporters, which has notably  more vigilant in the past weeks.  …
A billion dollar contract to buy Chinese masks from shady manufacturer in Cali. This is fucked.
Here's a Chinese daigou, Hexin Jiang, who bought up tons of N95 masks in Florida to resell it to through her online store in China. 
Tik Tok is a Chinese Company. The Chinese are ousting Africans from homes, businesses, and assulting them daily. Black people are the content creators on that app who are most likely to have their content stolen. Do I have it right so far?
Please don't post out of context videos in an attempt to stoke racial divisions. Apparently there is a huge problem in those countries with Chinese shoppers bulk-buying things like baby formula to sell overseas  …
So let me get this straight: our government is using our smartphones to track us, Chinese drones to track us, and we’re just supposed to sit here and take it?
The people of Africa will deal with this. The leaders can go to bed with the Chinese for as long as they wish. The whistle is blowing.  …
Liberals want to limit free speech on COVID-19? Ironic they want to police truth after promoting these false statements: 1) It's racist to limit flights from infected nations; 2) Masks aren't useful; 3) The underreported Chinese data was fact.  …
200418 Video Call Fansign OP asked Allen what his cats name. And Allen said he called them with "first, second and third"... Remind me of Allen's TMI pre-debut. He called his cat with "Mao". Mao means cat in Chinese. #CRAVITY #크래비티 #ALLEN 
SD plant infected by visiting Chinese  that owns Smithfield whole month after Trump travel ban - were Chinese visiting other Smithfield plants in violation of the ban too? China-owned Smithfield closes two new plants in Missouri & Wisconsin  …
ur least favourite chinese stan 
WATCH: @NIH confirmed 76,000 US taxpayer dollars in FY2019 went to one of the Chinese virology labs in Wuhan at the center of the #CoronavirusOutbreak. The Admin should immediately halt US taxpayer funds from going to these Chinese virology labs. MORE:  …
If you haven't read it already, worth reading @ananthkrishnan's recent @BrookingsIndia report that looked at Chinese investments in India & implications for Indian diplomacy, economy & security  
Chinese billionaires bought Trudeau years ago.
From now on, any  wanting to invest in #India will require permission from the government #coronavirus  …
The Chinese government's "adjusting" the death toll up by 50% reminds me that one of the many insights of *Nineteen Eighty-Four* was Orwell's appreciation of the bureaucratic effort involved in keeping track of state lies & recalibrating them according to changing circumstances.
Lets take a  break in pain on behalf of our fellow blackman ho was harrassed buy these chinese racist mtf l's #NiDoshi 
#UK, #Spain, #Austria, #Czech, #Netherlands, and #Turkey burned by #China made medical equipment that doesnt work. Incredibly, the  are responding by blaming the CUSTOMERS for their faulty products. Made In China is the new warning label  …
After failure of MVA govt & world's best CM to control Chinese virus; i'm sure most r missing him too 
Chinese embassy in  about Bild’s #COVID19 coverage. Bild’s journalist had something to say, and wasn’t shy in his response. (In English). ht  …
Which of the following statements do you agree with? 1) Coronavirus was created as a bio weapon by the Chinese. 2) Coronavirus is linked to 5G
The WHO put the entire world in danger when they CHOSE to protect China by covering up what they had done, and parroting Chinese gov't propaganda that COVID-19 was not contagious among humans!  … The WHO is Communist China's soiled sock puppet. #DefundWHO
True, it's true name is the WUHAN VIRUS. That's what most Chinese people are calling it, you clowns.
Chinese friends, you need to hire graphic designers. You guys are very bad at marketing.  …
This is taken out of context. They're told off because of the baby milk powder. For years Chinese daigou have been stripping off the shelves bare of Aussie made baby powder & re-sell it for $$$$in China. All supermarkets have max 2 tins restriction. Australians are just fed up.
Starting to wonder if China has blackmail on the Liberals, or maybe this has to do with Chinese business people donating to the Trudeau foundation. Trudeau's position is at odds with every other western democracy, and  sense
Chinese scientists including Yuan Zhiming from the Wuhan Institute of Virology debunk claims the #coronavirus is created by a lab at the institute amid another round of intense conspiracy theory hyping from some #US media and a #Nobel laureate. #COVID19  
Amnesty International long ago ceased being a true human rights organization, and now is running interference for the Chinese Communist Party. Still true.  …
It's absolutely ridiculous that Kenyan Government wants our brothers in China to pay for evacuation tickets $testing. The duty of every Govt is to protect own citizens. The torture they've been subjected to is unacceptable. We should also flush Chinese out 
Another American Company owned by the Chinese! We've allowed the Globalists to sell our America from right under our feet! Who's buying America? China is! We must elect people who support Trump's "America First" policies. Leave China NOW!  …
In a move that seems to be directed vs Chinese investors/cos., India adjusts its FDI policy for indvs/entities from neighboring countries to "curb opportunistic takeovers/acquisitions of Indian cos. due to the current COVID-19 pandemic" 1/  
Some African leaders are asking Chinese leader Xi Jinping to stop his citizens' racist attacks on Africans. Fish rots from the head, so he probably thinks like them. If he was different, he wouldn't give loans to African nations when he knows they don't have ability to repay.
Funding your travel from China back to Kenya is not EVACUATION. @StateHouseKenya tell his excellency Uhuru Kenyatta and his relevant cabinet secretaries to stop "carrying us mangoes like this". Our Kenyans must be brought home then we decide what to do with the Chinese here.
Chinese-owned Smithfield Foods shutters two more meat processing plants in Missouri and Wisconsin after massive coronavirus outbreak closed South Dakota factory, threatening the American food supply chain.  …
Putin is probably out wrestling bears and trying to fight corona with his bare hands. Trump is calling out the Chinese for their fuck up at every opportunity. Boris is at home baking Victoria sponge cakes.
A #Chinese couple being forced to leave an Australian supermarket after being racially harassed. Seriously, when is this madness going to stop?! #covidmadness 
Things are hotting up over the treatment of Africans in China. Guinea arrests ALL CHINESE until Guineans in China return safely. Video   #china #COVID 
Hong Kong is British, it's not Chinese. Change My Mind
EXCLUSIVE: After Coronavirus Spread in Hubei Province Chinese Officials Applied for Remdesivir Patent - They Knew Then It Would Treat Coronavirus - And We Now Have Their Application  … via @gatewaypundit
Some of my Singaporean and Malaysian Chinese friends might finally stop saying that this violence 'is not their problem'.  …
We slept in one world and woke up in another. Suddenly, Disney has no more magic, Paris is no longer romantic, and in New York everyone sleeps and the Chinese Wall is not a fortress anymore.
The Biggest American Companies Now Owned by the Chinese  …
Trump flew Ivanka to China to get trademark patents. BTW is was a $4.2M deal not a $1.5B deal. He is not still on the board of a Chinese private fir. They have just not updated they webpage. Trump promised he would show his taxes if he became president, He has not
#ChinaLiedPeopleDie Di is guilty of genocide. The Chinese government must pay. #Trump2020 #TWGRP 
Can the Chinese regime survive economic stagnation? Read Minxin Pei on the domestic and foreign pressures that could push Xi Jinping and the CCP to the breaking point. 
200418 MONG MONG夢（Dream in Chinese) "It's time for us to have  again. I'm really looking forward to  , and I'm very nervous‘ 
Flashback from Jan 9, 2020: NYTimes parrots Communist Chinese propaganda about #coronavirus not being transmissible between humans. 'All the News Fit to 
How does ancient medicine tackle modern pandemic? Follow Xinhua reporter @XuZeyu_Philip to see  of traditional Chinese medicine for COVID-19 patients in Wuhan 
Govt revises FDI policy overs fears of Chinese takeover of Indian firms amid Covid-19 crisis ThePrint's Remya Nair @remyanair4 
We call upon the government of Zimbabwe led by @edmnangagwa to wrest all lucrative Chinese businesses  With the on going racial and xenophobic attacks our people are being subjected to Africa cannot sit back and watch. Time to act now. #ChinaMustFall
Chinese tech giant #Huawei has rolled out a manufacturing project worth 1 billion yuan ($142 million) involving #Kunpeng processor support products in Chengdu, Southwest China's Sichuan Province: media 
Quite apart from the virus, the Chinese government continues to occupy Tibet, has imprisoned Muslims on a huge scale, harvested body organs for profit, crushed dissidents & bullied its neighbours. It's a nasty, dangerous regime. Charles Moore is right.  …
 for Chinese brand «Nongfu Spring Tea Pie» Full:  
I think no Chinese should be seen in Africa. Enough of this bullshit! From now henceforth its #ChineseVirus19. #ChineseInKenyaMustGo 
I shouldn't laugh, but reading posts from right wing US knitters boycotting Chinese products - then realising that 90% of the yarn stocked at their beloved Hobby Lobby has been processed at least partly in China Chinese is kind of funny
"Citizens to use shotguns to enforce Chinese drone distancing". Or, friendly Eagles...  …
The Luter family sold out USA To China for nearly 5 billion, prob not interested in taking back. Research many other brands owned by Smithfield... John Morrell & Eckrich; 2 of which I won’t buy. I won’t go to an AMC theater either. Milwaukee tools made in USA owned by Chinese too
it was yesterday PC made govt to take a decision... This was his reply when Rahul suggested on April 12, one day before HDFC 1% shares brought by Chinese. 
ICYMI: Take ten to listen to Friday’s interview w/ @SecPompeo: The Chinese Communist Party is responsible for the world’s catastrophe, “a regime that has failed to driver on its most basic promises   …
 about media outlets presenting the numbers given to them by the Chinese regime in the same way as the numbers from Denmark or Belgium, but this feels like a new low. Chinese numbers presented as is, for new infections in France it says "uncertain data situation" 
Africans living in China continued reporting incidents of discrimination this week and worried they are being scapegoated by Chinese Communist Party (CCP) officials for a resurgence of coronavirus infections. 
Predictably pathetic Communist Chinese propaganda—yet how different is this from our mainstream media?  …
This is what a Chinese wet market looks like (today, Taikang Lu) 
Call it building #COVID_19 immunity for vulnerable Indian firms. FDI policy amended. Fine print - to avoid takeovers from Chinese firms. @JonathanSAnanda @PrabhuChawla @gsvasu_TNIE @ashoswai  …
At what point will the Trudeau government realize the  regime are  liars and are responsible for this pandemic?  …
1) This is horrible. 2) I will keep saying so: I wish NYT would stop saying “since the former British colony’s return to Chinese control in 1997.” There was no PRC government when HK became a GB colony. HK has never been part of the PRC. It’s not a *return.*  …
This is how China rolls for Decades now Right under our noses Chinese buy Queensland's South Molle Island in Whitsundays  … via @brisbanetimes
Lau Siu-kai, vice president of the Chinese Association of Hong Kong and Macau Studies, a powerful Beijing advisory group, said the arrests represented an early step toward a broader crackdown by Beijing on the Hong Kong opposition 
African leaders should act the way Guinea has done, arrested all Chinese and given them a condition, if the Africans in China won't arrive safely from China, will deport them. The Chinese virus Must Fall. #StopChinaRacism 
XI JIPING when #COVID19 Started in China.Many Chinese Citizens flied to Africa and we received them as friends. Now Corona Is in Africa China is stigmatizing us. You should know that Africa made China a rich and it can make it a poor country as well.Continue with discrimination. 
Dear God, Why is everything about YOU a debate? Why's there only ONE YOU but multiple religions? Why does every conversation end in a division? Why does everybody want to tell us how to live? Are you black or are you white? Are you Arab or Chinese or American or African?
Prince Charles predicted it...how pathetic. During the #coronavirus pandemic, the Chinese Communist Party & its puppet Hong Kong govnt are bust to intensify erosion of our rule of law & democracy.  …
To avoid hostile takeovers amid COVID-19, India mandates approvals on Chinese investments  by 
President Xi Jinping of the People's Republic of China: President Xi Jinping of China and your citizens, ensure that your fellow Chinese citizens STOP Abusing Africans. Enough is Enough! - Sign the Petition!  via @Change
Well, hopefully the U.S. doesn't have the 50 or 60 thousand deaths like they did in Hubei Province. And do it without locking people in their houses. BTW - China should prepare itself. The world knows the Chinese Virus began in the Wuhan lab and the CCP covered it up.
Do not forget small kindnesses and do not remember small faults. - Chinese Proverb 
Video: The U.S. administration has been flirting with a theory that the novel #coronavirus was created in a #Chinese lab, but top White House health adviser Dr. Fauci has rejected that 
Am glad that the Government has tightened the screws on Chinese investments in  and in the Indian market per se. This is a great first step...next step is to...
All FDI from countries with which India shares land border to require Govt approval now. Move aimed to curb Chinese acquisition of  during this Covid times Thoughts? #StayAtHomeSaveLives
An economical version of contactless sanitizer dispenser designed by Chinese plumber 
Chinese Joke 
some sketches of lwj for my millennium actress au. i'm prolly going to be really hand wavey about events in history here. there's so little information about what the chinese film industry was like during the cultural revolution and i don't really want to focus on the war 
"When WHO director-general Tedros moves his lips, General Secretary Xi speaks. The Chinese Communist Party has been spreading misinfo through American businessmen, politicians, and the MSM. BUT the CCP is not our friend! So why do we give them the influence?"--Adam Milstein  …
Friends, It's turned out that we were fighting for the right thing and our concerns were genuine. Finally . @narendramodi Ji and government of India are addressing our concern and blocking   
#RacismInChina #StopChinaRacism #Eastleigh Africans Kenyans I have some Chinese neighbors and I'm definitely paying them a visit... Who wants to join?  
On November 3rd, @realDonaldTrump  give @JoeBiden plenty of time to rest his weary bones in his beautiful Delaware home paid for by Chinese $$@ContiTonight @charliekirk11 @CLewandowski_  …
Fears for Canadians Kovrig and Spavor amid Covid-19 prison visitor ban  … “Although the Chinese embassy claimed that they would increase the frequency of transference of letters and parcels, this interim measure increases the risk of human rights violations”
After negative Coronavirus experience, emphasizing lack of trustworthiness in Chinese government statements, UK reverses course on 5G. London now dropping Huawei also in non-sensitive IT infrastructures. Victoria Taft  …
Quite a lot of warships in a small part (less than 100 square kilometers) of the South China Sea today. USS America (LHA-6)  Can't distinguish between the Chinese and the American. Liaoning aircraft carrier is nowhere to be found. 
This week @hrw @hrw_chinese launched a new page reflecting, well, our times:  …. Dams in #Guinea, #academicfreedom and digital surveillance around the world, #Chinese govt threats to #UN #humanrights mechanisms? One-stop  …
It's now VERY OBVIOUS why the Chinese Doctors came even against the advice of the NMA.
A defensive, intolerant tone now marks too many Chinese discussions of this global pandemic 
We need to speak with one voice as Africans against the ill treatment of our people in China. African countries top governments officials are voiceless because they know they sold our countries to Chinese. We cannot allow them to colonize us again #RacismInChina
The ACLU criticized a tracking feature designed by Apple and Google to limit the spread of the Chinese virus. The feature uses BlueTooth technology to track a smartphone user’s distance from other users that have tested positive for the Wuhan coronavirus. 
When Chinese in Africa get caught on the wrong side of the law, we tend to treat them with dignity and they are prosecuted in the courts. In China, blacks are being beaten up like dogs instead of being treated with dignity. Chinese should vacate Africa 
#BeijingBiden, a swamp creature for nearly a half century. He’s been an enabler and appeaser of the Chinese Communist Party for years, the regime that’s now infected the world and crashed the global economy. 
The Chinese consulate in Los Angeles sent out health kits to Chinese students, including face masks and disinfection supplies. 
Big move by the Government. Countries having border with India can invest in India only through the Government route. This is to stop Chinese to invest directly into 
America introducing legislation to ban TikTok. TikTok is owned by a  that includes Chinese Communist party members & required to share user data with Beijing. This is a majority national security risk. Governments have uninstalled TikTok & so have I, have you? 
Tucker Carlson Shows How Media And Democrats Appear To Be Parroting Chinese Propaganda  …
UPDATE: In Kabeza, a Kigali suburb, 6 Chinese on Thursday locked themselves, drinking and partying in defiance of #covid19 lockdown. They arrogantly dismissed neighbors. When Police arrived, they reminded Cops that China has good relations with President. Now detained at 
Big development: With concerns of  making "opportunistic takeovers" during the pandemic, India amends FDI policy, now requires "an entity of a country which shares land borders with India" or which has owners from such a country, to get government approval first 
Did the Chinese government revise #Wuhan’s number of confirmed cases & deaths out of pressure? In Wuhan, Du Bin, Director of the Medical ICU at Peking Union Medical told me he’s not aware of any political pressures or issues behind this. He’s in Wuhan for the past 3 
Your latest Asia-Pacific #coronavirus news:  -- #COVID19 cases in the Philippines, Indonesia surpass 6,000 -- Singapore reports daily record of 942 new cases -- COVID-19 cases in Japan exceed 10,000 -- Chinese medical team arrives in Malaysia 
These village elders are our biggest enemies. They have sold us time and again, they have fallen trap to the Chinese filthy ways of African dominance 
Guinea arrested all Chinese nationals in Guinea and threatened to deport all of them if Guineans don't return safely from China. #Ruto #coronaviruskenya  – at Kisumu, The Lakeside City.
What if Kenyans decide to deal with the Chinese the way they are dealing with our brothers and sisters in their country? In addition, the Kenyan government needs to value her people enough stop attaching conditions to their rescue. Bring our people back home, PERIOD!!!
How do  ensure the quality of masks for export? 
 Africans are the cause of the Corona Virus when this Virus Started in China? Am now convinced that this pandemic will not pass when Chinese people are stupid like this. We can't fight Corona Virus and Stupidity at same time it impossible... 
The World Health Organization (WHO) has kowtowed to "carry the water" for the Chinese Communist Party by perpetuating their propaganda on the  …
Baekho: It tastes like those omelets they put on top of fried rice in Chinese restaurants. Minhyun: That's what I was going for. So that means this cook was a success for me #뉴이스트 #NUEST @NUESTNEWS
US, UK have spoken out, Japan offers incentives to  moving back from China... Now India moves on Chinese investments.. My #CutTheClutter Episode 447 on why the world is aggrieved with China over Covid-19, and how it might 
A point many seem to have missed in the above notification. Clearly mentions the restrictions if the 'beneficial owner of an investment' is located in China or neighboring nations. Can broadly take care of Chinese  in from Maldives or Singapore.
So why did you and the Irish Government and @CMOIreland do NOTHING back in January when the Chinese built a hospital in 10 days? Weren't particularly speedy when it mattered! Ring the leader of New Zealand, Prime Minister Ardern. Ask her how it's done! Boris is clueless!  …
The Russian Novichok incident which killed a woman and injured a man was dealt with by 20 Western World countries ejecting over 100 Russian Embassy Staff. How many Chinese embassy staff should be ejected for the deaths of 157,208 people world wide ???
Our clothing industry has been decimated because of unrealistic labour policies at home coupled by cheap subsidized products from China. Our leaders would rather see the chinese people working while our workforce sits at home starving. We need to place tariffs on cheap imports!
Do we really have leaders in this nation? Kenya having loans from China doesn't guarantee them a right to mistreat our fellow brothers and sisters. A day  when Chinese nationals will walk to China by foot. #RacismInChina
Looking for some Saturday plans? On the menu today: 14:00 UTC. #F1Rewind 2018 Chinese Grand Prix @F1 YouTube, Facebook and  19:00 UTC. " #NotTheGP Versus" by @VeloceEsports  
One of my best friends just told me some Chinese students she studies with are praising the CCP's handling of the Chinese virus over their social media. Like full on PRAISE! I told her "well, how else do you expect them to go back and not go missing?" Hehe...I is funny
If the Chinese government doesn't want Africans in china they should also leave Africa. #RacismInChina
Per quoted / 2 katyusha rockets landed near a  in Nahrawan, no damages were reported. #Iraq  …
And we fought for the closure of the border because we know cross-border activities will spread the virus easily It’s just that the HK government has closed the border AFTER the Chinese government has closed its own border
1. Hong Kong people wear masks when WHO and HK government asked us not to. 2. Our medics strike for closing the border with China, which was objected by WHO. Many Chinese tourists went to Italy, Spain ... and UK, and you can see. 
If we had a strong African state then there would be no room for any of this that we're seeing. The fact that Africans need to migrate to China is what's troubling to me, not the racist behaviour of the chinese people.  …
The s/okmin doppelganger pops up from my tl again listen up!! That's a Chinese porn star, that ain't s/okmin 
Govt of India reviews extant FDI policy for curbing opportunistic takeovers/acquisitions of  due to the current #COVID19 Now any Chinese entity has to invest only through Govt route. 
We all like a giggle well done Caroline for help hatching a donate Chinese goose egg #gigglethegosling better not tell cuthbert  …
Africans are online begging the Chinese to stop mistreating Africans in China. Here in Africa we put red carpets for them when they go to the loo! Do the reverse and right now all human rights bodies, UN, WHO, FBI, Cia all of them would be threatening Africa with retaliation.
Trespassing Chinese contractor to pay Wanjigi firm Sh55 million  
Chinese must be chased out of Africa their behavior is not  
Checkmate #China ! #Modiji Effectively bans #Chinese firms from buying significant stakes in  in the name of #Investment  …
The prime minister said that there is not a single case from China to Pakistan. Let me replug. A hospital in Lahore was treating four Chinese nationals. They tested positive after they flew back from China  …
Guns are pretty much banned in China. So this Chinese immigrant moved to Texas, got NRA-certified and bought 50 guns. Now he teaches other Chinese gun lovers to hunt. 
1 . Africa, find a way to get our people from China, Chinese don’t want black skin in their country anymore. We must care our people from those little racists. African leaders, wake up, stop being idiots in your offices, are you Chinese ambassadors to Africa? #StopChinaRacism
[Breaking] Chinese FDI will now need Government approval; GOI updates FDI policy to curb opportunistic acquisitions due to COVID-19 #China #Covid_19 #Covid @DIPPGOI @FinMinIndia  …
As we #StopChinaRacism, I hope we will have the wisdom to differentiate between Chinese, Koreans and Japanese.
Our appreciation also to the Chinese Academy of Science for their generosity in the donations of essential medical supplies to #LKA for #Covid19 response  …
Finally found out this is the gift sent in LBC HK fanmeeting. From Chinese TRIGON Thank you Mommy for the couple shirt. Maybe the boys read the love letter from her #PerthSaintSation 
Chinese international students in #Australia and their parents are left distressed and concerned for safety after two Asian students were assaulted in an alleged racist attack in Melbourne amid a rising anti- #China sentiment in Australia for #COVID19.  
Guinea has rounded up Chinese citizens living and working in their country. Its getting out of hand 
A group of Chinese medics arrived in Addis Ababa to assist with Ethiopia's fight against #COVID19. #coronavirus 
This is a first for me: a phishing @ProtonMail email in Chinese 
“Lisa told you to smile” is going viral on Weibo Chinese fandoms and also make it into ifeng entertainment news. HAHAHAHA :D Link:  … #LISA #LALISA #리사 #リサ #BLACKPINK #블랙핑크 
Any source of European or Indian manufacturer of non contact infrared thermometer. Whatever we have been able to procure are all Chinese and I can’t trust them.
It took TUBE LIGHT MODI govt 1 week to understand & adhere to warning/advise of @RahulGandhi to tweak laws in order to prevent FOREIGN (Chinese) TAKEOVER OF INDIAN CORPORATES arising due to weakening of  in #Corona #lockdown the period. 
Any Chinese entity can now invest in India only through the government route. The government of India reviews its FDI policy to curb opportunistic takeovers/acquisitions of  @WIONews  
No. The Chinese state is racist and it encourages racism. What you are saying isn’t true.  …
In English it’s called “Perfect” In Chinese it’s called “完美” In French it’s called “Parfait” In Japanese it’s called “完璧” In Thai it’s called “ถูกต้อง” In Vietnamese it’s called “hoàn thiện” In Greek it’s called “τέλειος” In Korean it’s called "재민"
Hostile Chinese takeovers globally in the aftermath of #Covid have raised eyebrows. New Delhi moves fast to ensure it doesnt happen in India. Full order from Commerce Ministry.  
Using #coronavirus as excuse Islamic Republic imposes ban on travel by Afghan& Pakistani citizens to Iran,closing the borders. Yet, no restriction on travel by Chinese & Russian citizens , although those countries have higher #Covid_19 victims. Maybe because they have a UN veto!
Racism is about power. The more African politicians and business people understand this, the less they will empower Chinese and Westerners at the expense of their own people. If not, prepare to always be "shocked" when your people are ill treated by those you empower.
This is very sad for Chinese nationals in foreign African countries. But surely what do you expect when Chinese govt is treating our Chinese brothers ands sisters like trash. karma.  …
Stuart Robert claims #robodebt didn't kill anyone. Over 2030 died after being issued a dubious debt. Now he's telling us the app won't encroach on civil liberties. The same guy who thought the Chinese billionaire gave him a fake Rolex and paid thousands for internet. #insiders
The way a post on ca fr Chinese culture over a necklace & concept got 17k likes & y'all in  running to be "educated" but when a black girl did the same y'all legit went sht up nigrs type of energy. From Invalidating a girls experiences to sending another off this app
Republic of Guinea have arrested all Chinese citizens living and working in their country and threatened that if Guinea citizens living in China do not return safely, the Chinese in Guinea will face the consequence. Do you think this is the right move ? #Tanzania 
Trump’s depiction of his opponent as a corrupt dupe for the  regime is a much more accurate depiction of Trump himself. @jonathanchait 
【FYI : Season9】 English and Chinese translations of "Season 9" are being prepared for release on Steam! We'll tell you the release date later on in this account. We will once again continue to translate the series that has been stopped. You can look forward to it! 
Breaking: Govt of India reviews extant FDI policy for curbing opportunistic takeovers/acquisitions of  due to the current #COVID19; Now any Chinese entity has to invest only through Govt route. 
Both Chinese and African peoples are hospitable and only through mutual understanding can the Sino-African relations  better, says John Vedasto Rwehumbiza, chairman of Tanzania China Community 
How Canada was given away to China Timeline: Chinese ownership in Canada’s oil patch  …
The events unfolding around us must not be used by the Chinese Communist Party as a smokescreen to increase their repression in Tibet. Please help us continue to push for the freedom of Tashi Wangchuk.  …
Meanwhile KENYAN EMBASSY in Beijing asks Kenyans willing to be evacuated at own cost in wake of attacks to file details, says they must be coronavirus free. Where is our dignity as the people? CHINESE must be kicked out of our apartments A Failed state. #StopChinaRacism
| With global demand for Personal Protective Equipment through the roof, the  in Catalonia has been playing a key role in securing vital orders for the Barcelona city council. | Read more:  
#TodayinHistory in 1918, Claudio Teehankee, 16th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the #Philippines, is born in #Manila to a Chinese immigrant family from Fujian. His father, José Tee Han Kee, was a close friend of the renowned Chinese democracy leader, Sun Yat-sen. 
This is important to point out that various countries are fearing hostile takeover by  and have changed FDI rules. Spain, Germany and Italy have already done that. It is very sensitive and strategic approach by the Govt of India to do the same.
Guinea arrested all Chinese nationals in Guinea and threatened to deport all of them if Guineans don't return safely from China. #Tanzania Ronoh 
..... hey you fucking Chinese ya fucking hell man, all the  from you guys. Fucking Chinese ya Beda sm si opung yg jilat2 Chungkuo 
Govt amends FDI norms to protect  and curb their opportunistic takeovers due to the #COVID19 pandemic. Co's from countries who share land border with India can only invest via Govt (prior approval) route. Restrictions with eye on Chinese investments into India. 
This is Got7 with their Single Lullaby! They released it in English, Korean, Chinese and Spanish all on one album! 
Smithfield Meats in South Dakota- that had to closed down due to Covid19 infections- is owned by a Chinese Billionaire- The Chinese Billionaire Whose Company Owns Troubled Pork Processor Smithfield Foods via  …
Brilliant step by government of India to prevent opportunistic takeover/acquisition of  during Covid 19 endemic. Now Chinese entities can invest only through Govt route. 
Meanwhile, Guinea has arrested some Chinese National living & working there and have threatened that if their citizens who are suffering in China are not brought back home safely, then they will arrest all the Chinese National in Guinea and have them face the consequences.
A very horny Chinese Bat that Fucked the whole world. #StopChinaRacism 
Amb Yao Jing saw off Chinese medical team with officals from NDMA&NIH on April 17. The team visited Islamabad, Pindi, Lahore, Karachi in 3 weeks, had extensive engagement with relevant authorities in highly professional way. Good job & thank you! @ndmapk 
The Chinese government and people have decided to mistreat Africans like this and the majority of African leaders are doing nothing about it 
Russian Ambassador to China Andrey Denisov said in Chinese that just like during World War II, now #Russia and #China once again fight side by side against  enemy: 
A Chinese newspaper proclaimed in 1967: "Chairman Mao is the most outstanding, greatest genius in the world. In implementing Chairman Mao’s directives, we  disregard the fact whether we understand them or not." China’s past, some other country’s present.
Hello ( @realDonaldTrump @jairbolsonaro @BorisJohnson @CIA #NSA) this Spanish deputy from the ruling party insults you. He seems to be on the Chinese side.
#China is openly meddling in the internal affairs of the US and France; India could be the next target Chinese diplomats and mouthpieces have crossed the line, when  to closely meddling in the internal affairs of the USA and France.  …
In Australia, is there any greater apologist for the Chinese Communist Party than Andrew Forrest?  …
The Hong Kong Government has been a puppet of the Chinese Communist Party. HKers need international help via concrete measures like global sanctions to urge China and HK government respect the freedom and democracy HK should have. To free the HK activists is the 1st thing now.
I see  about how black people are being treated in China and the same  once said the Chinese are black. Anyone smart, will just go back to their country and fix their yard. Nations  and Chinese must be deported.
#GlamorChina Thousands of flowering plants called woad, the root of which can be used in a traditional Chinese medicine to treat colds, are in full bloom on the terraced fields in Jishan county, Shanxi province. 
The Chinese medical team from S China's Guangdong has arrived in Kuala Lumpur, #Malaysia. The team, consisted of eight experts, will help with the nation's #COVID19 
"The secrecy, mendacity and  of the Chinese Communist Party have made the world ill. This is a literal truth, and also a metaphor for the current role of such a power in the world order," writes Charles Moore  …
The Tony Blair Institute for Super Villany has dedicated it's 200 strong team to getting you all back to work -consequences be damned - and blaming the Chinese. 
Dear PM @narendramodi , as  out of lockdown, one change in our lives is going to be masks. We'll need to have mask vending machines at every nook & corner. So please put our institutions & industries to design & make these machines. Else, we will again import Chinese ones.
The only thing COViD 19 has united us about is the fact we need a good hard look at the rate of migration and more specifically who  here.....what possibly benefits do Chinese bring this country....party elites corrupt to the core!
But you can’t call it the Chinese Virus 
- fan said she's hungry & wanted to eat KFC, gulf then replied she can call 1150 (the Q is in thai but the fan is chinese gulf answered her in english bc he noticed ) - mew said he didn't see ju yet and also wants to meet her soon #TalkwithMewGulf
Chinese firms first export products 2Vietnam then change the labeling on packages before exporting the goods 2 the United States, Japan or Europe, they said Vietnam says that China is mislabeling products as Vietnamese to avoid U.S. tariffs - Trump Train  …
Chinese  and king in Nigeria and still humiliate Nigerians in china, If Nigerians attack Chinese in Nigeria,Nig police will kill Nigerians. International Shame
Quite. International air travel has been the vector for the global spread of the virus. First confirmed cases in UK were Chinese tourists in York. So for CMO to say that closing airports would make no difference is absolutely barmy. If this was his advice he must resign.  …
Let's not forget: #Hongkong authorities deeming these protests "illegal" is a violation of #ICCPR obligations. So many wrongs--and, increasingly, fewer and weaker rights. Quite a legacy for #China #XiJinping and #CarrieLam. @hrw @hrw_chinese  …
In English it’s called “Perfect” In Chinese it’s called “完美” In French it’s called “Parfait” In Japanese it’s called “完璧” In Thai it’s called “ถูกต้อง” In Vietnamese it’s called “hoàn thiện” In Greek it’s called “τέλειος” In Korean it’s called "제노"
Africans must now realize that No foreign country has been to Africa for Africans interests, not even these Chinese. It's blatantly obvious. Until we bind together & unite together in self-love as a people. No one can build Africa but us without ulterior motives. 
Measures taken to control Chinese investments in India? DPIIT issues Press Note 3 (2020 series). The Press Note says foreign investments from countries with which India shares land border shall be under approval route.
IMPORTANT NEWS Government puts up temporary M&A wall to keep out certain acquirers. Most likely, Chinese. Many other countries have or are seeking to do place similar restrictions.  …
That’s nothing. The Tories issued secret tenders for BREXIT ferries and lost £33 million in the process. Tories handed £16M over to two Chinese firms - Hangzhou AllTest Biotech Co.,Ltd & Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech - for home test kits that didn't work  …
The UK allegedly paid  $20M for faulty coronavirus test kits  
Blacks in China can't enter malls, they are evicted from places of residence, beaten in the streets and in dark alleys - and official PROTESTATION is meek, almost apologetic. The Chinese are taking on blacks to divert global pressure on origins of Coronavirus!
No one can be right all the time or wrong all the time. Hypocrisy reins In that Trump cannot call it the Wuhan virus BUT, the Chinese can discriminate against Africans; citing imported cases. Both can be wrong at the same time though #Covid_19
As Nigeria grapples with an impostor President ( #JubrilAlSudani) & a dead de-facto President (KYARI), the #Chinese will go on more BURNINGS of Nigeria’s public institutions to obliterate evidence of their corrupt dealings with the #Fulani cabal that controls the #Zoo. Be 
And they want the world to sympathize with them when J Trump called it a Chinese virus
africa should wise up and start throwing out the chinese invaders
Why does the MSM still avoid saying Chinese or Wuhan Virus? The description,Coronaviruses are only a group of viruses which produce symptoms similar to flu for example MERS (MIDDLE EAST Respiratory Syndrome!) Originated in China & they’ve been criminally economical with the truth
Dear Twitter Leftists, Watch this egregious racism by Chinese people against black people. Then explain why you stay mute. Might this be because you are bunch of privileged two faced moral bankrupt? 
Though China's GDP shrank 6.8 percent in the first quarter, unemployment rate, resident  and electricity consumption indicate a robust Chinese economy, says a think tank analyst. 
Now why would Obama give a Chinese bio-lab 3.7M $in 2015? And why would Trudeau just sent that same lab nearly a million just a few days ago? #Covid_19 #billgates  …
Tibetan shopkeeper freed after serving 5 years in Chinese prison for photo of #Tibet’s spiritual leader, H.H. the 14th @DalaiLama:  … #CHINA #freeTIBET NOW!!! #人権 #人权 #amnesty #genocide #humanrights #derechoshumanos #droitsdelhomme 
Karma is just waiting Wait for this Chinese virus to get over It will be china who will be facing heat
“”Ren translated as "benevolence", "perfect virtue", "goodness" or even "human-heartedness". Confucius defined it by Chinese word for love, ai, saying it’s to "love others". An inhumane ruler runs risk of losing the Mandate of Heaven” -Wikipedia PMABVajpayee called it Rajdharam.
Even before Coronavirus, the Chinese have been Racist towards Africans. They've called us monkeys even President Uhuru Kenyatta was called a monkey. What do we do? we deport them before taking them to Court. Try that in China & see what happens. You disappear. #StopChinaRacism
The Chinese manufacture, release the Virus to the world hence sabotaging economies of countries globally then blame Africans as the cause of the virus. We have less than 100 deaths in Africa, how cud we be the source? #StopChinaRacism The Chinese in Kenya are treated like kings 
CCP seems want to pass Article 23 in a hurry, and thinks this massive arrest can silence HKers as it did to Chinese all these years Or it's a revenge for criticizing the law breaking acts of liaison office of CCP several days ago? 
Following the Maltreatment of Blacks in China by Chinese officials, the Guinea Government has arrested all Chinese Nationals in their country until all Guineans in China return safely. Kenya should borrow a leaf from Guinea and do the same. We must #StopChinaRacism 
chinese/malay classmate : how do you say i love you in tamil? me and my 13 year old indian friends: 
Malay 1-0 Chinese  …
Enough is enough. Hong Kong has  a police state. Prime Minister @BorisJohnson and Foreign Secretary @DominicRaab need to declare the Chinese Communist Party in breach of the Sino-British Joint Declaration of 1984 @CommonsForeign @foreignoffice  …
Chinese Coronavirus Is a Man Made Virus According to Luc Montagnier the Man Who Discovered HIV  …
It amazes me how people think the evildoers  for them, too. With  party unleashing #Covid_19 / #CCPVirus through its malfeasance, how can you NOT see the  party is "coming for you." I met a woman today who lost *3 FAMILY* this week.  …
Update Inside Africa: Guinea has arrested Chinese citizens living and working in their country and threatened that if Guinea citizens living in China do not return home safely, the Chinese in Guinea will face the consequence. #Covid_19 #Azziad #Tanzanians #babaotis 
HKPolice has admitted they are arresting arbitrarily to intimidate peaceful protesters But even we stop here, there's no happy ending, we all know what happen to Chinese after silenced by Tienanmen massacre  …
Casual  about Chinese people are not ok with me. Can’t quite believe how bad some social media is getting on this. It’s revealing who people really are
African leaders can't rise & say enough is enough to the harrassment that the Chinese are giving Africans in China because most of the are beneficiaries of their hand outs. They have been grabbed by the balls. President Uhuru Kenyatta even didn't speak about it. #StopChinaRacism
Slither like the English Quiver like the French Pretend like the Germans Grovel like the Arabs Work like the Indians Beg like the Pakistanis Lie like the Chinese Collapse like the Americans Hug/Die like the Italians <<SMH>>  …
I am a Chinese fan. Here is my first time to write your name. Maybe you can try to write "waanjai（湾仔）" in Chinese 
For the last week, @YewLunTian and I were in a small border town, whose name now inspires a lot of fear in Chinese people as it is a new COVID-19 hotspot, thanks to it being one of the few ports through which you  into China from Russia 
Rem the KQ pilot had tested negative thrice for Covid19 & positive on the 4th test. We’re getting news globally of how ‘recovered’ victims are testing +ve again Seems there’s no standard measure. A retracted Chinese paper said 80% of asymptotic +ves could be false +ves. 
People will not always say this publicly but 99% of the Chinese people are not friendly! They are naturally low key racists and arrogant! Many who work and live in African countries will just pretend to be caring but deep down, they are SNAKEs. 
Arrest all pan dem law makers, no one can vote against, Article 23 passed CCP wants to implement its Chinese characteristic democracy in Hong Kong 
Anyone who wants to try translating from Chinese but has never known where to start, here you go: @WritingChinese and @PaperRepublic are jointly running an activity that ends in virtual workshops with renowned translators @NickyHarman_cn and Eric Abrahamsen. Give it a  …
Where are the Chinese? Follow our Kenya Branch! We  
A military transport plane loaded with 32 tonnes of Chinese medical supplies arrives in Belarus, to aid the country's #coronavirus fight. 
Who told you they have? There's 21 million Chinese mobile users that have vanished.
 for Chinese brand «Nongfu Spring Tea Pie» 
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi reiterated unity in the fight against the #COVID19 on Friday during his phone call with Emmanuel Bonne, diplomatic counselor to French President Emmanuel Macron.  
o-oh those flowers are from chinese fan that is why he said "thank you for supporting" 
Talk about Chinese mistreating Africans Stop pretending you do not see the video and STOP borrowing money from them . Because of greed now we are suffering. 
We must chase out all Chinese nationals in the whole of Africa...they are rude and racist
If vaccines are the only answer to the Chinese virus, then how did China beat the virus without a vaccine.
This is simple, let all  back from China and all the Chinese go back to China.
Must-read thread. @WorldPressPhoto is awarding Chinese regime mouthpiece, China Daily, with a top award. Why is this a problem? China Daily’s products are not journalism. They exist to legitimize and support the  party. Award will be used to that end.  …
It breaks my heart to watch that racism clip by the Chinese shared by Linus Kaikai, for a moment I am like "Can't we just deport them all away from Africa and default their loans forever! Fucking idiots they aren't remorseful after spreading Covid19 globally. #StopChinaRacism
Seems like African leaders are not ready to call out the mistreatment of Africans in China because of the handouts they receive from the racist Chinese regime. How can China blame Africans for spreading the Chinese virus (coronavirus)when we are all know it originated from there?
racist thought & action says far more about the person  from than the person they are directed at, where are our good Chinese friends in this TL to condemn what their country is doing. Where’s the president @StateHouseKenya ? Where’s is @UNHumanRights ? @amnesty  …
That's how Africans are treated in China and Chinese government is hiding this information, I heard there's more than 10 million Chinese living in Africa and enjoying privilege. 
first korean group to feature a chinese member 
- chinese fan said p'mew p'gulf 520 & mew replied 520 krubbb - fan asked if the moon is beautiful and gulf just replies it's very sunny today - fan said he really likes mewgulf but can't say it & asked what should she do mew replied you already said it #TalkwithMewGulf
#StopChinaRacism; An art Exhibition Comparing Blacks to Animals in China! This is Pure Racism! They should not attempt to step in Africa! Ayam DISAPPOINTED African! This Chinese shouldn't pretend to be giving aid into Africans Countries. 
China is still importing masks to South Africa. Are we fucked to that level where we can't produce simple masks? Why is south Africa still buying simple masks from the developer of Chinese virus? Masks are the simplest things to do.
CCP is getting more hurry to take over Hong  control But HKers know well if we stop now, it's concentration camps waiting for us Chinese were silenced by Tienanmen massacre, and only more oppression imposed on them, HKers will not do the same 
This is very Sad as Africans are being mistreatment becz of their Skin Colour by the Chinese Authorities. Sad! Africa we Must Stand Against this RACISM in the 21st Century in #China! They have to explain this Nonsense! Africa is not the source of #COVID19 
Until the philosophy which hold one race superior & another inferior is finally and permanently discredited and abandoned Everything is war. the more weird part is that not even one Chinese from Kenya or any part of the world has condemned the racism that’s going on 
While Chinese Enjoy Unlimited rides on our Matatus,buses and Taxis,this Kenyan lady was denied transport coz she is black. Very disturbing. 
With 17 new imported cases reported on April 17, total #COVID19 cases from abroad in the #Chinese mainland reached 1566. Russia: 595 UK: 305 USA: 163 Spain: 87 France: 87 Italy: 55 
The Chinese Communist Party. Winning friends & influencing people. One step at a time.  …
The Chinese should be treated the same way in Africa! Annoying!
Listen. I been telling yall about foreign dramas. Their storylines are YEARS ahead of anything North America is putting out. Chinese & Korean writers know how to put together a fucking STORY. Stop limiting what you watch because of a language barrier, subtitles exist for a reason
idle's multilingual thank you speech TT soojin giving her thank you speech in korean, minnie giving her thank you speech in english and yuqi giving her thank you speech in chinese WE STAN MULTILINGUAL QUEENS 
Chinese FM Wang Yi reiterated unity in the fight against the deadly coronavirus on Friday during his phone call with Emmanuel Bonne, diplomatic counselor to French President Emmanuel Macron.  …
Chinese are gonna resume business in Africa after the lockdown like nothing happened because Africans are beggars who can't take ownership of their own economies.
A team of Chinese medical experts are in Burkina Faso to help the west African country curb the spread of #coronavirus. 
yangyang: I have a plan with ten. we two are going to shoot something. we will use a lot of languages to do it. notcobly chinese but also english. ah, there are many more 
"The Chinese dream has been largely the same as that of the British and French a hundred years before: import natural resources and export cheap manufactured goods. But so have the obstacles to the project.." Great piece by Christian Gilberti  …
This is utterly unacceptable. Blatant racism from the Chinese. Illogical & deeply disturbing.  …
Chinese stan even bulk purchase it until they hv to wait for 2nd batch to arrives in mid of May Imagine we still hv GM to go, i would like to stop spending for  album.. thats heavy and im BROKE  …
Trump confirms US ‘looking into’ reports the COVID-19 virus possibly escaped Chinese lab in Wuhan 
A 15-member Chinese medical team landed in Tashkent with medical supplies donated by China's Jiangxi Province, to assist Uzbekistan in its fight against 
Nancy has self isolated in her deluxe mansion in San Francisco. She refuses even to drive over to Chinatown to obtain Chinese take out. 
After all, the US death toll for the 2009 swine flu epidemic was revised not just months, but years later, and few paid attention. Apparently, Chinese deaths are big news, but US deaths are no big deal. It's almost as if, paradoxically, Chinese lives matter more than US lives!
Look at Chinese fans. We try to express our miss in English and ask questions #TalkwithMewGulf
NEWS: A terrible virus is spreading through China. Chinese hospital staff are all wearing PPE for protection. NHS PROCUREMENT MANAGER: On it as soon as I’ve helped draft this ad for a new Equalities & Diversity Manager, should only take 5 maybe 6 weeks.
Why I support Two Nation Theory explained here: Chief Minister of Pakistani Panjab Usman Guzdar doing "AERIAL SURVEY" to fight Chinese Virus Pandemic!!! He is from Imran Niaji's PTI. 
IMO, patient zero, was NOT the dude who returned from Italy. Like China, we aren’t being told the truth. I think the guy from Italy was just the fall guy. Our Government will never tell us that a Chinese brought the virus here ...  …
The Chinese Ambassador to Kenya Kamau Macharia said "ndege sio matatu" meaning, whether there are any Kenyans being mistreated in China the Kenyan gov't will do nothing, not even bring them home. @StateHouseKenya is full of house negro and homeguards sellouts #StopChinaRacism
It is very painful that our government has admitted that Kenyans are being discriminated against in China but it says that those Kenyans will not be brought back home. Back in Kenya the same government treats the Chinese like first class citizens. #StopChinaRacism
This was never about a virus. It's tyranny, plain and simple. It's an economic attack by the Chinese and their DNC collaborators. Treason. And they're using the virus narrative to strip our rights and put us permanently under their thumb.
FACEBOOK announced that they will go to bat for the W.H.O. to negate “harmful information” about the Chinese #Coronavirus We should all be extremely grateful to social  for DECIDING WHAT THE TRUTH IS...it’s a fantastic  …
The Chinese authorities continue deny that there is #racism against blacks in #China despite all the evidence 
We've all seen the stories about testing kits from China that don't work. Another example of more Chinese junk. I think Chinese products  with warnings. "Made in China. May not work".
Slave trade would not have been successful without collaboration of African chiefs and kings. Today, our leaders are in bed with the Chinese for handouts. As Africans, we must call them out! You cannot recite poetry to a man holding a dagger!
Chinese writer hit by nationalist backlash over diary about Wuhan lockdown  …
Without the name #Ruto, hauwezi uza magazeti hizi streets. Uliza tuju, Raila na Daily nation who is the man. Condolences the Chinese eastleigh flaqo nigerians #10over10 #lockdown #ChinaMustExplain 
I strongly advise not to shop at these malls anymore. Empower locals & assist them to start their own businesses. I will never purchase from a Chinese shop again. I just hope Forever New is not “Made in China”  …
"Friedrich @AlexWFriedrich1 was surprised that no Chinese or Italian expert was invited by the OMT. "Other countries did do that. Netherlands is very much focused on itself. Yes, we're good, but this corona virus is something no one knew anything about.""  …
Chinese looking at this like 
American police using Chinese drones to monitor American citizens? 
Whenever you see these Small eyed Creatures, hit them hard, they are Mistreating Our people in China! FUck the Hard, in Africa we cannot be Hospitable and you take advantage of it. Fuck you Chinese virus! #StopChinaRacism 
So now we have white Australian gangs bashing Chinese students in Melbourne, what will Peter Dutton do about it?
the indian state is doing so much more than everything the chinese are blamed for; authoritative suppression of data and facts, misleading the public, callousness towards the pandemic and appalling mismanagement yet sellouts like sanghi gupta think india is doing a great job.  …
Chinese evicted the African/Negros origin from their rented apartments, spends out in Cold nights in Streets. The Chinese Govt claims that is Not DISCRIMINATION against Africans. This is Inhumane and IMMORAL. African are no Chinese virus! 
Tiktok is an app by a  which is real fitting since theyre using the coronavirus to be racist against African migrant workers
The Chinese businesses have decided not to sell any food to Africans as a way to starve them and force them to immigrate back to Africa due to hunger. The Chinese citizens are blaming African people for the outbreak of COVID-19. 
It seems the Guinea government has arrested all Chinese citizens until Guineans citizens returns from China safely The retaliation has begun 
What do you all mean by this? Chinese Racism Covid19 Staysafe 
Some days back, The Chinese landlords kicked over 100 Kenyans out of their apartments, saying they are doing so since they suspect they have the disease, Here again they are curbing africans from shopping their malls. 
"Oh, u also speak Chinese ,also born in 2000!
RenJun and I , our relationship is particularly good. He borrowed switch from me yesterday cuz that the switch can't buy now. The first day I went to SM , I saw kun hendery lucas and RJ . other people are older than me, only RJ is the same age as me. "Oh, u also speak Chinese - 
The US government bans certain sorts of viral research, but it appears US sources may have funded some research in China that would have been illegal in the US. Meantime, it seems probable that Chinese researchers may have modified CV19 virus, splicing it with others. #WuhanLab
After repeatedly defending the accuracy of their data, Chinese officials revise the coronavirus death toll in Wuhan to 3,869, 50% higher than previously reported 
Don't be lied by you Government. These Chinese who brought #ChineseVirus to us are treating Us #African in an inhumane manner. Retweet and tag your government we need our people back. #theChinese must go. Daily Nation #Ruto trump #Africa 
The wet market that China claims the coronavirus came from is a seafood market. It does not sell bats, or pangolins, or any other exotic animals. Or even mammals. Videos of Chinese people eating bats came from other parts of the country. It's also why it was allowed to reopen.
We protest about The Chinese racism, and what about tribalism of Uhuru Kenyatta government? We protest about Chinese locking us out of a restaurant or rental houses and you can't protest when locked out of your own government? Anyway lets 
The Chinese Communist Party's decision to cover up the virus led to thousands of needless deaths and untold economic harm. It’s only appropriate that we hold the Chinese government accountable for the damage it has caused. 
Chinese Government claims that there is no discrimination against blacks, but then what is this? Such scenes are enough proof of how racism against blacks, is deeply rooted in China. Funny enough, Africa is still very hospitable to them 
Chinese, Zimbabwean presidents exchange congratulations on 40th anniversary of ties. Xi suggested: -the two sides jointly promote the development of #BeltandRoad -expand practical cooperation in various fields -offer each other stronger support... more:  
but renjun said "are we in the same age? can you speak chinese, woah" since then, we  friends
We have Chinese Nationals in Africa. It's the high time we Africans  and returned the favour. Let us treat the Chinese here the same way they're treating us, after all we're learning from them how to treat foreigners. That's PATRIOTISM  …
Governments are rebelling at the Chinese government's insistence that the price of coronvirus assistance is to heap sycophantic praise on Xi Jinping's handling of the virus when they all know that China's early censorship turned it into a global pandemic.  
Why Did This Exist in the First Place?! California Shuts Down Chinese Birth-Tourism Motel That Took Advantage of American Birthright Citizenship  … Chi Huang, claims he has several interested buyers, but did not disclose who or where. We know place. makes flu
speak chinese. and then we slowly slowly got close from then on. so ya...me and him are considered really close. and we will meet-up sometimes when we have time
: on my first day at  I first met kun-ge, hendery, xuxi & renjun. because everyone else was older, at that time renjun was talking to me... Oh! you’re also 2000! and he can speak Chinese mandarin! Wah and from then on we slowly got closer 
An operation by France's  to help the diaspora during the #coronavirus outbreak by distributing masks, disinfectant and gloves has prompted questions and legal problems for some of its backers  
Did Pappu educate the Chinese through Zoom about having a team of Bots and Paid Trolls to spread fake news?  …
I wanted to say thank you to the good Chinese people who are standing against the racism and xenophobia in China, you have my respect!  …
Fudging data = Chinese Model will not work in India. Stop playing with the lives of Malyalees. Cmon Mallus , rise against your state govt. Nobody must be allowed to fudge data especially during a pandemic  …
The EFF doesn’t have the balls to confront any Chinese person ...  …
MAKE NO MISTAKE: The Democrats and the corrupt Democrat media and are de facto emissaries of the Communist Chinese Government via @CalebJHull Watch Tucker Carlson Expose them 
Chasing the dragon" (traditional Chinese: 追龍; simplified Chinese: 追龙;) is a slang phrase of Cantonese origin from Hong Kong referring to inhaling the vapor from a heated solution of morphine, heroin, oxycodone, opium, or ya ba (a pill containing caffeine and methamphetamine).
"The visiting Chinese medical team in Manila hailed on Friday Filipino front-liners for treating coronavirus disease 2019 (Covid-19) patients with a high success rate."  …
whenever i hear ten speak chinese fluently nowadays i just feel so proud like just one year ago he was still struggling to speak in all for one but now he  so effortlessly ugh i love my hardworking number
Mumbai has enough beds to handle emergencies that is if the authorities have a plan. One Chinese Virus patient had to wait for 11 hours yes 11 hours to be admitted to a hospital. Such is the mismanagement in the state of maharashtra.
It’s like a bunch of nonsense that was translated into Russian, then Chinese, then Pig Latin, then fed to an orangutan and crapped out
A black female was barred from entering a shopping mall in #China, while the Chinese security guard clearly only allowed the white person to enter. This is modern apartheid, systematic racial segregation in the name of "pandemic control" in 
200418 #YANGYANG “My first day in  the first people I met were Kun-ge, Hendery, Xuxi and Renjun! I met four of them in the first day. Everyone was older than me, only Renjun was the same as me. He’s also ‘00, and can speak Chinese! Wah! Then we slowly became friends” 
Chinese artists honor health care workers fighting #COVID19 with creations  
nampak raSIS because the covid 19 spread widely in Malaysia because of the tabligh event at Sri Petaling yet they still blame every Chinese. Sigh
Opinion | We must thank the Chinese Communist Party for showing the world how glorious real Socialism is | Owen Jones 
To shift attention from their lies and coverups when the Corona virus started, the Chinese government has now shifted the blame to black people and its working very well right now. The average Chinese person now believes the virus came from a black person.
200418 #YANGYANG #TEN : Ten and I have plans to film something, but we haven’t thought what to film : I’ve thought about it : Really? We will use many languages. Not just Chinese, maybe English... : I was telling Yangyang that we’ve never written love letters 
'Communism is not love. Communism is a hammer which we use to crush the enemy.' ~Mao Zedong, Chinese Communist Revolutionary, founding father of People's Republic of China. 
How many men will hop on this challenge? Let the #MensWearChallenge begin 10over10 MPESA The Chinese Daily Nation Ruto Tuju #lockdown Otis 
#pocsos hello i’m chinese and didn’t know this was a thing so what’s good i need more friends 
EXO "MAMA" (Chinese Version) is at 11th place on QQ Music 'On The Rise' list #41 MAMA (Korean Version) The song is reemerging on the charts after the girls from iQiYi's '爱奇艺青春有你2' (Chinese Produce show) performed it #EXO #엑소⁠⁠ @weareoneEXO @B_hundred_Hyun 
Drew Holden Drops an Epic Thread Chronicling the Media's Parroting of Chinese Propaganda  …
Margrethe @Vestager, EU Competition Commissioner said EU nations should buy stakes in EU firms to counter Chinese #takeovers. As a part of EU’s attempts to protect its businesses amid #CoronavirusOutbreak, Vestager has demanded deterrent #regulations at the  …
Democracy alert: Please read @StephenMcDonell thread. Xi Jinping’s Chinese Communist Party moving to eliminate dissent in Hong Kong while world attention diverted by pandemic. Moderate pro-democracy leaders arrested. Judiciary nobbled. Australia must protest  …
About a dozen African countries summoned Chinese ambassadors to protest what they say was discriminatory treatment of their citizens by a Chinese city’s coronavirus containment measures 
Chinese President Xi Jinping and his Zimbabwean counterpart, Emmerson Mnangagwa, exchanged congratulatory messages Saturday on the 40th anniversary of bilateral diplomatic relations, vowing to further cement the partnership between their countries.  
Uninstalled Zoom today, also threw away chinese Noodles ..i dont want any damn thing that's got anything to do with CHINA.. Thank god i have Samsung phones...they r not made in china.. #Chinesevirus
We need to start building our own financial institutions. Where our people will be able to deposit and get loans without being discriminated.  and set up businesses in  and we support them but won't support black owned businesses. This is the result.
So Mmusi this how they treat us at China huh, I mean the whole world knows they're the ones who brought this Virus ffs... They forgetting we have Chinese this side, in fact when I see one Chinese ke tlo mofa mpama for no reason. 
Kenyans will deny you a job because of your last name but when the Chinese kick us out of malls and hospitals because of our skin color, we get mad AF. We ain't innocent, we have the mother of racism that we cling to TRIBALISM. Hate the player, don't hate the game.
PBS reporting on the Chinese purchase of Smithfield Foods in S.D. They paid 30% over market value. “This isn't just an acquisition of  It's 25 percent of the pork industry in the United States.” ⁦  …
NEW : Britain is among a number of countries investigating the original source of the #coronavirus pandemic. The possibility #COVID19 came accidentally from a Chinese laboratory investigating diseases in bats has not been ruled out 
MSMEs fear takeover by  seek halt to automatic FDI. Reach out to PMO for help.  …
Nonbinary people are so cute I want to order chinese food for them LMFAOOOOO MY PREDICTIVE TEXTTTTT
"Jahil jamat is Single Source Chinese flu is COVID 19.. Thats is how history is written .... That is how Mughals brought prosperity to India That is how Independence movement was Sipoy Mutiny That is how only Nehru gave India freedom ... Legacy of Romila and Irfaan goes on '
Africans worldwide must  to ensuring a future in which we are never in such a weakened position again. The Chinese know better than to pull this off with white people. we must garner that same respect even blood must be shed  …
Shanghai citizen Xu Peiling held the banner of "Ending One Party Dictatorship" regardless of the risk of being arrested by  regime. 
Tahu cari saya bila nak Chinese translation uncle kata, minum arak tak one shot minum tak syok punya. This alcohol 30% can only satisfy him for 2 hours lmao, all the rest like tiger beer no use one sampah #alcohol4eva
The arrestees are mainly from the moderate camp of democracy activists. Some of them have even been called out for being too mild (eg Richard Tsoi, 52, fell out with his party because he had opposed restaurants discriminating against Mainland Chinese). Yet HK Police targets them.
I was COS in a large Asian station. Western friendship model: we both can enjoy and benefit. Chinese friendship model: here’s what I’m going to do to you if you don’t want to be my friend.  …
Been noticing a very heightened anti-Chinese sentiment especially on my stories. Some even left a DM asking why I was promoting Chinese products. Banning Chinese products will lead to a bigger disaster. WhatsApp University students, please study economics for your own sake.
So the BBC happily lied to whole country it has now belittled itself to level of chinese broadcasting
pitches strikes strikeouts | Chinese Taipei's Lin Cheng-Hsien threw an immaculate inning against Hong Kong in Round 2 of Men's Baseball! #AsianGames #PlayOfTheDay 
‘In Milk Tea We Trust’: How a Thai-Chinese Meme War Led to a New (Online) Pan-Asia Alliance by  …
If these drones "aren't taking pictures or collecting evidence" how are they going to hand out summons? ...and if they think the chinese govt isnt collecting pics and info, they're as crazy as the ChiComs
With all due respect Mmusi, if blacks have no rights in China. How can the Chinese that live here in Africa be entitled to rights?
PM Johnson, now recovering from COVID-19, gave #Huawei a role in 5G infrastructure, squashing opposition last month by 24 votes in the 650-seat House of Commons. But now, concern about the Chinese regime’s inaccurate reporting on coronavirus has lawmakers crafting a retreat.
Best solution all African countries must bring their ambassador home and make sure the Chinese ambassador leave their country. Cause they gonna keep on denying or making excuses for their ppls behavior. We don't have to treat them bad we just send them home peacefully.
The Journey of Liu Xiaobo reveals how Chinese dissident went from ‘dark horse’ to Nobel laureate  …
WHY @ScottMorrisonMP WHY????? WHAT HAPPENED TO STOPPING THE CHINESE FROM BUYING US OUT??? MORRISON, TAKE CARE, BECAUSE YOU MIGHT FIND YOURSELF WITHOUT THE SUPPORT OF THE MAJORITY OF AUSTRALIANS. WE ARE SICK OF YOUR KOWTOWING TO THE CHINESE. #CCPVirus  …
Kruger national park. The most dangerous animals are locked in houses because of Chinese Virus while beautiful animals catching the breathe freely 
In an Orwellian attempt to justify interfering in #HongKong politics, Chinese Liaison Office nonsensically claims that it is not affiliated to the Chinese government. As the Joint Declaration is actively violated, @GOVUK must protect Hong Kong with real actions  …
Shocking all along I thought Chinese were good people. In SA are considered blacks to benefit from BBBEE.
By this logic, highest number of Chinese flu cases should  from Trivandrum and Tirupati, not Tableeghi. But have we ever let logic interfere  sense ? Nope.
HP 310 G2 Convertible Laptop (touch) Intel Celeron Dual Core 4GB RAM 128GB SSD Ksh.19,000/- Telephone 0727 460 167 Stores located at Kimathi Chambers 2nd Flr Room 9 next to KFC Kimathi Strt MPESA Baba Otis #10over10 Tuju China The Chinese Ronoh Konshens Africa 
#Chinamustfall What is Chinese in Africa are treated the same? What if  do the same here in Africa? This is not right at all. #Covid_19 #Day22LockDown 
Ha, the tucker Carlson piece tonight is on point! He "reached out to politicians with close ties to china including Diane Feinstein who once employed a chinese spy" hahaha awesome! 
Meantime anti-Chinese prejudice in USA has reached fever pitch in  What will be future of people to people relations in the world post covid19? Let’s reflect 
Maharashtra is one of the economic engines of India. The State Govt should have taken this into consideration over their absolute horrible response to the Chinese Virus crisis. Now they are trying to suppress numbers from Mumbai. I pray to god that MVA should be destroyed.
The modern Chinese state is literally built on an expansionist empire’s territorial claims, the CCP’s conquest of the New Dominion (Xinjiang), the suppression of local languages and cultures, and ambitions to annex places like Taiwan whose citizens flatly reject the prospect.
How many Chinese operatives do we have in our government, Ted? Maybe the Senate should investigate that.
Please tag the Chinese government for action Cc  …
These are the Chinese house slippers (that we used to wear in public in the early 2000s) with heels.  …
A Chinese scientist was dismissed from a Canadian Microbiology Laboratory for stealing pathogens and transporting them to China.  …
so i know this has been an issue in the past with ml aus, and with more and  up everyday i just want to remind you all to be wary of who you’re using for fancasting, especially for the poc characters in ml! kagami is japanese, marinette is half chinese. please don’t
Chinese data collection tools above US cities.
Greta: Daddy tweet something for me, I’m being forgotten Dad: It’s hard to scare people about  when they’re dying from a Chinese virus dear
Mayor of florence Dario Nardella did a hug campaign for chinese,  #Corona bombed in Italy Mayor of New York Bill De Basio,gave permission for Chinese New Year in March,n NY doomed Like thanks to #TablighiJamat mullahs, #Corona doomed India. Arrest the Jamatis.
Among the arrested #HongKong pro-democracy figures, Chinese mouthpiece appears to pay extra attention to media tycoon Jimmy Lai. @globaltimesnews didn't mention the rest of the opposition veterans so 
Chinese money speaking  …
Corrupt Zimbabwe Environment Minister. Stop #Zimbabwe from stealing juvenile #elephants from their herds to sell to cruel greedy corrupt #China Chinese zoo's. China has no animal welfare laws #ZimbabweElephants Sign the Petition!  via @ChangeAUS
There’s still more details missing, but this looks to be a show of soft diplomacy by Beijing…especially when @MalaysiaMFA is now more forgiving & less critical. What’s WORRYING is our lack of response towards a standoff between Chinese & Msian vessels last night.  …
#PoliceState Another mass arrest. China is using this window, when the  concentrates on dealing with the pandemic, to further suppress #Hongkongers Why was there large scale outbreak? Chinese censorship and lack of transparency.  …
favorite bit of toddler chinglish is that she calls Friday "five-day" since in Chinese it's 星期五 (the days of the week correspond with numbers starting with one for Monday)
Those who defend Chinese and China, look how they treat Africans in China They spread a killer virus to the world and now this 
Why Did This Exist in the First Place?! California Shuts Down Chinese Birth-Tourism Motel That Took Advantage of American Birthright Citizenship  …
The politics of an organization like @ChinaDaily matters because almost every editorial decision it makes will reflect the agenda of the Chinese Communist Party, the biggest oppressor of press freedom. By giving the award to a video that was depicting a tragic event ...  …
If China contained the virus in Wuhan so that it could not spread to Beijing & other cities, why was it allowed on flights to world destinations? Was #WuhanVirus #WuhanLabVirus sent out into the world on purpose? Chinese cities not infected! World infected! 
All those Africans who were at the epicenter of the pandemic tested negative. Chinese doctors were even convinced that we’re immune to this virus.  WHO! 
"Sophisticated Chinese efforts have been uncovered in Australia & New Zealand to buy influence within universities, bribe politicians, & harass the Chinese  into  advocates for Beijing."  …
Yeah Corona is a Chinese virus. We tried empathizing.  …
2. our health-care system. The Chinese took everyone's temperature. You popped hot you went under arrest-like confinement to a testing facility. You were given a PCR and a CAT scan and waited. If you were positive you went to a fever clinic. You were off the street. 100%.
"The WHO said Wuhan had been overwhelmed by the virus, which emerged in the city in December, and the authorities had been too swamped to ensure every death and infection was properly recorded." Shameless @DrTedros is still batting for Chinese despots  …
I can't help but think Theresa Tam is the target of such opprobrium from the anti-science right precisely because she was born in Hong Kong. It fits the narrative that this entire crisis is a global Chinese conspiracy to take over the world  …
SLembassycn extends its sincere appreciation to Chinese Academy of Science,Beijing for donating 2000 Medical Protective Masks, 7500 surgical masks, 45 Disinfection Masks (k94), 1000 Disposable Medical Face Masks, 1100 face masks and 150 Goggles to Sri Lanka, at this time of need 
