Chinese Virus Poll! Is it worth closing The Country putting millions of people out of work and perhaps sending us into a Depression worth 300 lives? #CoronavirusPandemic @realDonaldTrump
there's a bimodal conventional wisdom, but it's confusing because the greatest driver of cw, trump, is both saying that it's going to be over soon because things are basically fine AND that he saved america from the dreaded deadly chinese virus by shutting down travel
Willing to bet the Chinese have never shot a good friend while bat hunting.
let's take the Chinese Virus and make it a White Supremacists thing, wonder who is behind that? 
Chinese propaganda pulling out the big guns  …
We should call it the ‘Chinese Eat Everything That Moves Flu’ Those savages eat anything
The Chinese government is accusing the United States of starting the pandemic ... pointing out objective facts is important during this time, had the Chinese government not engaged in cover ups dating back to Dec 2019, thousands of lives could have been saved.  …
Top 3 Chinese viruses: 1. CCP 2. COVID-19 3. SARS In that exact order. 
Tell your President and sycophants to quit calling it the Chinese Virus. The World Health Organization counsels against doing this. Why? BECAUSE COUNTRIES WILL BE LESS LIKELY TO COME FORWARD WITH THE NEXT VIRUS IF THEY ARE VILIFIED. Don’t you see how interconnected acts are?!
I dont want Chinese food.... i fucking NEED it. I NEED ITTTT
The Chinese Virus numbers DON’T line up with the panic. The Economic Death numbers DO line up with the panic. At what point does the economic damage outweigh the virus damage?
Look, we are at a point where we are running out of ideas, there ARE lessons to be learned from China. If there weren’t & this was some propaganda conspiracy why send drs to Italy. You can hold this view without thinking the chinese stats is ethical 
People that want us to stop blaming the Chinese regime... Question: Do you think they are being honest about their disease data right now? Because if the answer is 'No'... They are actively hurting our ability to respond to the disease. This is a simple fact.
Dave Rubin is right -- anyone that doesn't want to put all Chinese students in internment camps is a politically correct transgender cuck that is too afraid to have the real debate 
I am assisting a Chinese business man in CA donating 100K masks his factory made to the hospitals in badly hit states. Evils of CCP don’t  Chinese people. We can get through this together. God bless America. 
I met a guy who simultaneously believed that the coronavirus didn't exist AND that it was created in a Chinese lab as a bioweapon against America.
Apparently, the Chinese can't make up their mind who to blame. First they tried to blame the US. Now they are trying to blame Italy...  …
*Clears throat* "Chinese" is a nationality, not a race.
He also thinks all Chinese people eat dogs alive so yeah he’s an ass.
Hi Larry @LHSummers,in 2000 you paved the way for the Chinese Communist to take over our industrial base through free entry into the #WTO. For 2 decades middle class wages and jobs collapsed because of you. . @DanRDimicco . @AlanTonelson . @GinSecurities . @realDonaldTrump .  …
Serbian President  Chinese medical team at the airport. The bilateral bond stands the test of war and disease. 
Shopper rightfully lashes out at media for fueling panic but the double-minded fool then says Chinese did it right  …
We are in this crisis because of the decisions and inaction of the Trump Administration. You blame this on the Chinese? You are saying that our Intel Community wasn't aware. They were. They tried. Trump? Ignored them.  …
300k Chinese immigrants live in Italy. The migration was promoted to exploit cheap labor in the manufacturing of luxury fashion accessories. So hooray capitalism. Oh, and the actual migration was pretty much done in 2018. So Chinese workers didn't bring coronavirus to Italy.
mum asked if I wanted a Chinese for when I get home from work and obviously I said yes but all I’ve got is plain rice and one chicken ball???? What am I meant to do with this Elaine
They got that from the ultra trustworthy Chinese but the dosage they quoted was much larger than any doctor would ever prescribe.
Imagine getting jumped by a bunch of chinese dudes and you hear one of em say 拿出蝙蝠汤
Chinese virus Chinese virus Chinese virus Chinese virus Chinese virus Yep, has a nice ring to it!
Carry-out Chinese from Canton Chinese Cuisine on Ashworth in West Des Moines. First ever time trying it out. with and a fortune cookie was . Trying to help out during these challenging times. #DSMStrong 
Investigations into how the over 30 Chinese Nationals escaped quarantine and ended up at a hotel contrary to the designated quarantine centers should be conclusive and whoever connived to aid their escape should be arrested. These are the real enemies of our country.  …
It’s all the Chinese fashion workers that make things “made in Italy.” They go home for Chinese new year. Then back to Italy. Boom.
"Accusing" = China did unleash this pandemic. There is a lot of media pushing China propaganda and the stories and tweets are being archived for when this thing is over. This is far worse than the fake Russia Collusion. This is real Chinese Collusion.
Chinese currently sending armies of medical staff and tonnes of supplies to Italy at the mo. to help out. Careful what you say - you may need them.
Yup. And I’d be interested to know if it’s the Chinese dying.
Hillary is a national disgrace. Everything she does hurt America. Now she is siding with China on Chinese virus pandemic by criticizing Trump as racist. Why is she doing it?  …
Booty of Chinese Implements of War Displayed on..., Utagawa Kunimasa IV, 1894  … #museumarchive #slam 
CCP STOPPED testing in Wuhan. Complicit WHO and American media claim no new Chinese Virus cases in Wuhan. Commie propagandists.
No one blames the Chinese people....we blame the Chinese govt!
The most important thing is the high rate of patients recovery. China's Hubei Province is at the top, but the Chinese government's announcement is unreliable as you know already, so ignore the China's figures. #COVIDー19 #Covid_19 #WuhanCoronaVirus #WuhanPneumonia #ChinaVirus  
MSM as well as DEMONCRAT lawmakers Ignored, and distracted USA while CHINESE WUHAN VIRUS was infecting USA NEVER FORGET: Democrats Turned House Intel Committee Into Impeachment Headquarters as Lawmakers Were Warned About the Coronavirus  … via @gatewaypundit
Are westerners more susceptible to CV than Chinese, or just not taking the precautions the Chinese are taking?
It will get worse once Huawei take over. Britain might as well drop off its State Secrets to the Chinese Embassy in London on weekly basis.
The Chinese Virus death rate is 1.29% and dropping. The Media wants you to panic. Just be smart.
US Lawmakers Call on Twitter to Bar Chinese Communist Party Accounts Over Virus Disinformation  …
Gee, I recall John Tory taking a large crowd of people to Chinese dinner to demonstrate that fear of anything Chinese was 'Wrong'. How's John these days?  …
A CCP propaganda post saying the #CCPvirus epidemic is out of control in major world powers is spreading widely across Chinese chat platforms. It calls overseas Chinese students to return to China. 
Whaat? Chinese looking woman loading bags of probably baby formula as quickly as shelf is filled.  …
We don't control the Chinese Government but we can control is who the hell gets re elected and so help me I will do everything in my power to ensure you are NOT! Your lies and distractions have made you responsible for more Americans getting sick and now dying! GTH!
Why is this a bad thing? It’s true that China orchestrated a massive coverup of the coronavirus pandemic and then tried to blame the US for it. Chinese social media is full of anti-US conspiracy theories, being amplified by state media.  …
Is it discrimation to order from a Chinese restaurant and call it Chinese Food???
I'm starting to believe this bullshit Chinese virus is a scheme concocted up by the New World Order to crash the economy and bring President Trump down I'm sure Hillary and Barry are behind it also.
Give it up for my favorite neighborhood Chinese food place, Tai Li in Atascocita. Pretty ingenious system here ... and, yes, that big bag on Chair 2 is mine. Get some from all your neighborhood places, folks. And tip like you ate in the restaurant. 
It came from Wuhan China! Dr Li Wenliang tried to warn the world but was permanently silenced by the Chinese government! 
If you are a medical student or someone with knowledge of medical terms who can translate from English to Chinese (written for now) would love to connect briefly. Am working on some supply chain issues and need assistance.
I think it's important to remember how this started- not to hold the Chinese ppl accountable but because there are lessons that need learned from this. Safe borders do matter. Manufacturing at home, especially things like medication/etc matters.
HE CAN'T SEE PAST HIS NOSE. CHINA MAKES 70% OF OUR MEDICAL EQUIPMENT. THEY OWN SMITHFIELD, SUPPLY ALL OF OUR RETAILERS. THEY HAVE VALUABLE LESSONS ABOUT #COVID19 THEY BUY OUR BONDS. WE NEED THEM. Asked why he continues to call it the “Chinese virus”  04
It’s you again! Newsflash:  party is not a race & criticising its inept, dishonest & brutal ways is not “racism”  …
CHINESE VIRUS!!!! CHINESE VIRUS!!!! CHINESE VIRUS!!!! That’s what it is!!!!
The world was not ready for the wrecking ball named ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ Patriots are fighting back. Communist China Thanks Hillary Clinton For Her Support After She Accuses Trump of Using "Racist Rhetoric" For Saying "Chinese Virus"  …
Buzzing we are still able to support our favourite local Chinese @vinnyyu1 @Yu_Alderleyedge  – at Alderley Edge
But don’t you dare call it the Chinese virus, right  …
Dems hate it when they can't KILL BABIES! Despite orders banning Non-Essential procedures during the Chinese Virus Crisis Ohio Abortion Clinics remained open last week. Finally AG Yost Orders Clinics to Stop Non-Essential & Elective Surgical Abortions  …
If there's one thing that the world (and China) need to learn about this is that the wet markets in China selling wild animals need to go. There needs to be an international pressure for these markets to disappear. The progressive Chinese society needs to coalesce around this.
COVID-19 is not the “Chinese virus." It is a worldwide pandemic. My administration stands with the  in rejecting these falsehoods and racism. Chicago’s response to this pandemic will be determined by science  not fear and bigotry.
Happy Newruz to everyone who celebrate it! I happened to be in Last Newruz celebration of both Ghulja No.7 Junior High and No. 8 high school in ET. Since then anything Uyghur,were banned including Doppa (hat) after schools got incorporated with Chinese settlers schools. 
Glad to see the 1st shipment of nearly 700,000 mouth masks that purchased from China arrived in Netherlands today. Many donations from Chinese cooperative partners have been delivered or are on the way. We are standing together in fighting  enemy  …
but seriously have we inquired from the Chinese and the other European countries how their victims recover and what treatments they give to them? The Ministry of health should really step up coz 1 death is scary i thought they said the victims were responding to treatment hmm
“By banning Twitter in China, the Chinese Communist Party is keeping its citizens in the dark. By putting propaganda on Twitter, the Chinese Communist Party is lying to the rest of the world." - @SenSasse and @RepGallagher ask @Twitter to ban #CCP  …
and to quickly trace all contacts of confirmed cases. The Chinese doctors are based at the 2nd Affiliated Hospital of the Zhejiang School of Medicine in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province about 800km from Wuhan but were sent to Wuhan to treat patients during the outbreak there.
We need to bring people together to fight Coronavirus. Blaming China may seem like good politics, but it doesn’t solve anything, or mitigate the Trump Administration’s failures. Calling it the “Chinese virus” only breeds disunity, discrimination and division. Enough already.
I love how our media is believing the Chinese Government and the numbers they give them for the CoronaVirus... They wonder why we call them Fake News... Good Lord...
We've discovered a potential cure for the Chinese virus. Trump wants the CDC to work quickly to approve it so it can be used - democrats are pissed & encouraging people NOT to take it.... Just in case you were still wondering who actually cares about the American people
Let’s see what else, the list is long. Care to join in on holding the Chinese Communist Party accountable by reminding them of their actions? Reply to the tweet below and use  …
No one else on the planet is calling it the Chinese Virus. Just racist Republicans  …
Tell that to Xi. He knew about the virus and let *tens of thousands* of Chinese families attend that Lunar New Year Banquet exposing them to the deadly virus, silenced good doctors, let millions leave Wuhan untested, and unleashed the virus outside China’s borders.  …
The only thing the Chinese Communist Party cares about is control and censorship, which led (again) to a deadly pandemic that has devastated world health and the global economy. The CCP is still lying, which will have more lethal consequences  …
Democrats would do everything humanly possible to thwart efforts to use an anti-Chinese Virus drug. They would. Human life is inconsequential to them. They are enjoying this.
None of us have any love for the Chinese Communist government. None of us have been lavishing praise on Xi (& on fellow dictators Putin & Kim) except for the Orange Idiot whom you serve. But screaming “CHINESE VIRUS!” now won’t speed up the testing & PPEs that Trump bungled. 
CNN praising....Russia?! CNN in 2020 has run Iranian propaganda, Chinese propaganda, now Russian propaganda... But don't forget everyone...Trump is the bad guy  …
Let’s play a game: Chinese diplomat, or American journalist?  …
Congress' Asian Pacific American caucus chair: It's dangerous for Trump to call coronavirus 'the Chinese virus'. Trump & #CorruptGOP are racist. They are using that term to try & point the finger at innocents. Can’t wait to see the monster fall to  …
It’s a Clint Eastwood movie starring Clint Eastwood as an old white guy who won’t stop saying “Chinese virus” until his wife gets sick and is treated by a Chinese-American doctor. There is a scene where he later yells at teenagers to “spread out or die.”  …
We are in a pandemic thanks to the Chinese Communist Party  …
3700 doctors and medical team say goodbye to Wuhan. They are given an appreciative send off by the grateful citizens. This is how China behaves in a national emergency when things are over. In fact Chinese teams with much needed supplies are travelling to Italy to assist.
Dr. Fauci is mistaken. There in fact have been "clinical trials" on the efficacy of using Chloroquine for treating patients w COVID-19. Trials w control groups conducted last month on 100 patients in 10 Chinese hospitals. Results:Chloroquine far superior to the control treatments
They didn't mention this before ... "In China, smokers were 14 times more likely to develop severe cases of COVID-19 than those who did not smoke, according to a February study published in the Chinese Medical Journal."  …
Throughout the West, people are blaming their own governments for the spread of the Chinese coronavirus, with barely a word being said against the Chinese Communist government who are 100% to blame for this pandemic. It’s incredible.
The new Trump strategy is to blame the Chinese, they withheld information. That's also why Trump and his followers call it the China virus. TRUMP WAS INFORMED ABOUT THE OUTBREAK IN DECEMBER '19. Trump is to blame for all extra deaths  …
Some FakeNews clowns were quick to accuse @realDonaldTrump of xenophobia and bigotry because he called #coronavirus “foreign” “Chinese” or “the Wuhan Coronavirus.” But in fact, scores of media members have used those terms to refer to the origin of the virus. #KeepAmericaGreat
Amid absence of #COVID19 vaccine, #Chinese medical professionals have discovered several treatments through trial and error, which have proven effective as 87 percent of #COVID19 patients in the country have recovered. Read more:  
Quarantined Chinese Basketball Association & former @SacramentoKings guard @PoohJeter will be on @SportsCenter at 11 PM EST with @michaeleaves speaking about this story in @TheUndefeated about his journey from China to America & back due to the Coronavirus.
America: “What are you doing to defeat #COVID19?” Trump: “I’m blaming the Chinese every chance I get.”
Do you think revelations about RW supremist trying to increase spread of virus is why OAN had to amp up Chinese racism on trumps behalf?
Trump prescribing an antibiotic for a viral infection on twitter just so he don't import Cuba's Interferon Beta to help like the chinese did.
Wow, thanks for the amazing info dude...I never even considered talking to my doctor before starting a drug regimen for a Chinese virus Morons.
Top 3 Chinese viruses: 1. CCP 2. COVID-19 3. SARS In that exact order.
Italy- oldest population in Europe, most pollution in all of Europe , many smokers, high density living, recently let in almost 1,000,000 Chinese immigrants, lots of touching and kissing culture
It’s not only COVID-19 that’s killing people. Other lethal viruses include, Hindu nationalism, white nationalism, Islamophobia, Zionism, anti-Semitism, Chinese Communism, Assadist fascism, Burmese nationalism etc.
Correction: Vegan, yoga performing Satanists and freeballing vibram five finger joggers with Chinese nape of the neck tattoos.
My Chinese neighbours had waffles for breakfast. The evil bastards - I loved that cat.
When will the MSM and Hillary Clinton decide to join the fight against the Chinese Virus They seem to be content to sit on the sidelines and criticize everyone and everything being done MSM and Hillary are like a person screaming at an accident, of no use whatsoever
3/ If I ask my kids "do you want Chinese or pizza?" they can think about the meaning of each, think about their relative like/dislike of each and decide on dinner. Because regional culinary differences are RELEVANT. We don't label it Chinese just for geographic accuracy...
1/ Asking "Is saying 'Chinese food' racist?" as a way to own the libs is a special kind of stupid. When we call such food Chinese food it means a) we're not in China, bc there they call it "food." Thus b) we need to differentiate it from other foods for some reason. Why? Easy...
Why is @HillaryClinton doing China’s bidding? Is she working with the Community Chinese Government to sow descent in our Country during a crisis?  …
A group of 10 American tourists have driven from Sydney to SA spreading #COVID19Aus - if a group of Chinese tourists had done the same - all people of colour would be isolated and starved to death.
Per Ann Coulter: “Lombardy is the Italian region most devastated by the Wuhan virus. As far back as 2003, a Library of Congress report cited Lombardy as having the highest concentration of Chinese immigrants in Italy.”
So now that everything's closed down and I have to stay at home this is going to be like that movie Groundhog Day and I'm going to learn French and how to play piano and how to paint paintings and how to knit and make pottery and learn Mandarin Chinese.
SARS-CoV-2 is different from all other SARS-like or SARS-related coronaviruses. Now, isn't that interesting. Chinese scientists suggest changing the name to hCoV-19.  …
Why is @realdonaldtrump not allowed to say “Chinese Virus”... ..but the entire Democratic Party has been saying “Russian Collusion” for 3 years..? I’m going to go ahead and pull out the old faithful Racism/Xenophobic card on this one. Double standard is their ONLY standard.
There is a terrible miscalculation happening here, and it will not end well for the Chinese.
@RollandNadege ‘s most recent report has a few pages on the “impatience” of Chinese thinkers to assert Chinese leadership—the belief that America is in terminal decline, China’s moment is soon arriving, and the impatience to arrive at that moment.
I wonder if Xi Jinping understands the precariousness of covid containment in China and the Chinese economy writ large.
Chinese woman, 1869. See more photos:  
gonna start doing this for all my fuck ups. have you considered that the Chinese failed to remind me it was trash day, hmm??  …
It is called eponymous naming used around the world for 100’s of years. Putting your heritage in front of your country of origin is eponymous naming, Latina Americans, Chinese Americans, Mexican Americans, CHINESE CORONAVIRUS, Lou Gehrig’s Disease, Menures Disease.  …
White House Pushes U.S. Officials to Criticize China For Coronavirus ‘Cover-Up’. Habeas corpus can only be suspended in cases of invasion or rebellion. If virus IS BRANDED AS CHINESE AND DELIBERATELY UNLEASHED, that looks like INVASION! Now we're cooking!  …
If Term 'Chinese Coronavirus' Is Bigoted, CNN Turned Wildly Racist Just 4 Words into This Article  …
the gay chinese boys on their way to tame things idk i haven’t seen the show 
@AOC @IlhanMN @SpeakerPelosi @chuckschumer WE ADORE OUR FELLOW CHINESE PATRIOTS WHO FLED COMMUNIST REPUBLIC OF CHINA YOU ALL MAKE ME SICK! #DemsHateAmerica #DemsAreCommies 
So they're giving to the world masks we paid for. Or sending them back to us and crowing about it. Six years ago I vowed not to buy Chinese at any time there was an alternative. It was impossible, but I did the best I could. Now, hopefully the world will be done with them too.
Chinese government cred is less than zero  …
But Trump's ALSO confirmed that he was happy with the information he was getting from the Chinese in January because Xi is his friend and he was being transparent.  …
This country could experience 70 percent unemployment, California could be sold to the Chinese, and Texas annexed by the Zetas, and members of this government would still be trying to figure out a way to bomb Iran.
Excuse me? This makes absolutely no sense. How is a a Chinese Red Cross official lecturing Italy about not enforcing social distancing an attempt by Trump to avoid talking about his lies and failure to act?  …
Why are they not giving press conferences in Germany, Italy, Spain or Londoon These Chinese think they now own Zimbabwe vanojairira  …
It is the progressive obsession with race politics that's the root of this crisis. In Italy where many Chinese workers are employed, Northern Italian Mayors had 'hug a Chinese' campaigns when this started. The  has been nothing short of Horror.  …
South Wutai Mountain located in Chang'an District of Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. It is one of the most famous holy places of Chinese Buddhism. There are nearly 1,000 species of plants in the mountains, including buckeyes, Wangchun Flowers and many other precious species. 
Senator Martha McSally Warns of US Media Outlets 'Parroting' Chinese Propaganda  …
“The United States counts on receiving the vast majority of its medical supplies from China . . . When Chinese medical supply factories  back on line last month, their first priority was their own hospitals.”  …
These are 2 of 5 dogs I rescued and transported from the Chinese meat trade while living in China. All five are out of China and in good homes. There are tons of expats and local Chinese fighting against animal cruelty but nothing will change until the government does something. 
In about a year, a lot of you will be laughing about this Chinese virus. Well, not all of you obviously. But chin up, this too shall pass.
IT’S TIME CHINA CAME FORTH Chinese military bio-weapons lab in Wuhan Coincidence Don’t think so The BIG CHINESE COVERUP  …
Chinese people don't need to apologize for the fuck ups of the Chinese Communist Party. We shouldn't blame the American people for the fuck ups of their politicians either.
People are worried about the Chinese flu but have you seen what’s on American money ? 
The f’n face masks the Chinese are giving to the world to salvage  reputation are the ones  had purchased but the Chinese turned around. The boxes are stamped in English. Don’t forget this. 
Fakhar bhai we as a nationa arent deciplined enough to behave like chinese thats the biggest threat we are facing ..our nation will only stay at home on forced lockdown which is our biggest need right now..may Allah keep everyone safe ameen
Self-quarantine? Says who? No. They must be quarantined. It's not right for the Chinese Deputy Ambassador to Harare, @zhaobaogang2011, to speak as if he's some Chinese colonial governor in Harare! 
I have *some* sympathy with this. The Chinese government needs to be shamed. They are terrible people. Awful (non-existent) human and animal rights. Intellectual property thieves. Terrible people. Production to be shifted to developing democracies, not to this totalitarian state.  …
I do not understand how my Chinese takeaway can handle thousands of orders every year, but when I order a few thousand portions of egg fried rice at once on a Saturday night it overwhelms their kitchen  …
Chinese Ambassador Applauds Hillary Clinton For Spreading Communist Propaganda | The Daily Caller  …
Men already throwing rocks through Chinese restaurant windows . Bajans discriminative and paranoid ic. People gonna act like if you had Corona once then you got Corona for life.  …
CAUTIONARY TALE Why Italy? In last 30 yrs Chinese have taken over Italian Industry Business aided it to get cheaper labor 100’s of 1000’s of Chinese immigrants now live both legally & illegally in Italy w 300K legally & many more “”illegal””  …
This whole conversation regarding what to call COVID-19 has  so unnecessarily convoluted. It’s name is COVID-19, coronavirus if you want to be general. Calling it “Chinese virus” is the equivalent of calling Ebola “West African virus”. It’s origin during an... (1/2)  …
This research paper strongly advocates the "natural-selection" hypothesis. #Covid_19 virus was not laboratory made, as per authors. Yes, it is a China-origin virus and not necessarily a Chinese lab made virus. So far, that's the evidence.  …
The virus until proven otherwise is from China therefore, it is Chinese virus. That’s a fact. By the way smart people when they build a trap, it’s for other not them. They know from day one how to free themselves from the trap.
Due to strict coronavirus control measures, Chinese peasants and butchers could not sell vegetables and meat as usual at local markets. In order to survive, some peasants go to the town center at midnight to sell vegetables. The latest #CCPVirusupdates ➤  
Shots fired as Chinese boats ram coast guard ship  … Chinese fishing boats conducting illegal fishing in Taiwan's water took turns ramming Taiwan coast guard cutter
We have been foolish to tie our economy & universities so closely to #CCP's #China It is a threat to our freedoms, even before #CoronavirusPandemic Ordinary Chinese students who want to learn & discourse freely must always be  #CCP agents who silence others ought  …
Republicans are Chinese?
Huh. I never realized that the Chinese Government dressed up as Donald Trump and John Bolton and fired the Pandemic Response unit and never replaced them and refused tests from the WHO. Those Chinese! They sure are crafty.
OBVIOUSLY Chinese Americans are not to blame for the CHINESE CoronaVirus. It's the CHINESE government that is responsible for LYING to the  about the pandemic at the early stages. Fake News needs to STOP pretending this is about race, report the truth!
So proud 2 see this initiative from our  This gofundme page for @OakvilleHF has raised over $19k in less than 24hrs!Funds will be used to purchase PPE to support our healthcare workers who are risking their own well being for us!Pls  …
Bombshell accusations say the WHO ignored key coronavirus warning, relied on Chinese propaganda 
Marsha: "It’s no surprise the media is repackaging Chinese propaganda (on) the coronavirus. They’ve always had one goal: make Trump look bad." --- Two points: 1) Marsha's been repeating Russian propaganda for 3 years now 2) Donald doesn't need ANY help making himself look bad. 
NO ONE believes that Chinese PEOPLE are to blame for the CHINESE CoronaVirus. This is about the CHINESE GOVERNMENT lying to the  and KNOWINGLY SPREADING a pandemic across the globe. The media claiming this is about race should be ASHAMED of themselves.
A lady touched me today and said “ you be Chinese (X2)? go your country oh” wtf Mehn like what in the actual fuck
By blaming all ethnic Chinese people for the virus, Inty showed his ambition to use the world to attack the Chinese people instead of CCP. Inty is a betrayer of Chinese and Uyghur and an extremist! #CCPVirus  …
The Chinese have tried oseltamivir, interferon and ribavirin without much success but in the US, the hope is pinned on remdesivir. Let’s hope the hydroxychloroquine and  succeeds in curing COVID-19.  …
As you watch Trump minions trying to weaponize ‘China virus’ and attack Biden as being some sort of Chinese Communist Party front, remember what Trump was saying just two months ago about a China and his good friend Xi Jinping.  …
(1/2) Please RT this invaluable "Handbook of COVID-19 Prevention and Treatment" written by experts from The First Affiliated Hospital, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, China. Available in English and Chinese as of now. 
Are these considered “Chinese Flags” since that’s where they came from?  …
The virus is from China, therefore Trump is allowed to call it the Chinese virus. The Chinese even tried to hide what had happened, causing the virus to spread all over the world.
Everyone: pleae refer to them as Chinese MAGA hats. Thats where they came from. Lets make this a thing. #chinesemagahats
Friends. We just hit $12.4k raised for @AAFE1974 's Small Business Emergency Relief supporting Chinese and Asian businesses during #COVID19! Would love to hit $15k today: please keep donating/resharing & hope to see you at 7pm zoom dinner! #OrderinChinatown #DumplingsAgainstHate  
It’s far more dangerous for the world to ignore where this virus came from. Wuhan. If only the Chinese Government informed the world instead of hiding this infection for two long months. Think of the lives that would have been saved.
Now @MoHCCZim says there's "another probable case of #COVID19". Another like which other? The #COVID19 test  out negative or positive, not probable. Few if any are fooled by this nonsense from Obadiah Moyo's @MoHCCZim. The Chinese man in the case tested positive! 
What a surprise, Chinese propagandists used the term “Wuhan Virus” to describe it before magically condemning it as “racist.” Cue 10k people: “BuT wE cHAnGEd tHe nAMe SO wE CAn yELL aT YOu nOw.”  …
Nice to know we can rely on CNN to peddle Chinese and Russian propaganda in the same week
China Orders Citizens To Stop Working At US News Outlets In Beijing | Zero Hedge US ordered five Chinese state-owned  to be classified as "foreign missions."  …
The chairwoman of the Congressional Asian Pacific American caucus said it is dangerous for President Trump to continue referring to Covid-19 as the "Chinese virus" at a time when misinformation has led to racist and xenophobic attacks 
The forgotten hero - Dr. Li Wenliang The Chinese doctor who tried to warn others about coronavirus  … #dog #K9 #police #TopDogAE #Military #MAGA #KAG #2A #Trump #QAnon #LivePD #WaronDrugs 
Very good question regarding Chinese immigration here but  out of #Ireland are not to be trusted in any way. The @HSELive has a long track record in proving to be  and corrupt when  to medical  …
Russia Deporting Chinese Who Violate Coronavirus Quarantine  …
The Left says calling a virus that came from China “Chinese” is racist, but CNN calling Blacks that support President @realDonaldTrump “Uncle Toms” is okay.
Seeing reports that the Chinese curve has started flattening because they have *stopped* testing for #Coronavirus .... There is acting in bad faith and then there is acting to the detriment of us  …
Coronavirus pandemic must lead to the collapse of  regime in China. Communism has been the most murderous pandemic in humanity, causing more than 140 million deaths since 1917. Coronavirus appearance was covered up by the Chinese regime, at least since October 2019. 
Trump calling #coronavirus ‘the Chinese virus’ is just a modern manifestation of centuries of blaming diseases on outsiders.  …
Dictator Xi & the Chinese government is nothing but lying Communists and people died because of them.  …
“In quite a short period of time, we have  sort of addicted to one source of  said Kerry Brown, a professor of Chinese studies at King’s College London”  …
Two @_austrian jets are flying to China to bring medical supplies to Austria. Thanks to close cooperation between &, esp. my colleagues of the Chinese embassy & Foreign Ministry this Saturday, all the procedures for the flights were done within a few hours. stands with ! 
What you hate about every Chinese sign Rat - cant keep a secret Ox - on that power trip Tiger - know it all Cat - annoying Dragon - bossy Snake - petty af Horse - in one ear, out the other Goat - babies Monkey - lazy Rooster - cocky Dog - exaggeration queens Pig - bad manners
. MAGA ECONOMY - - TRUMP's CHINA TRADE DEAL DELIVERING, in spite of CHINESE VIRUS Trump's Economic Foresight again Proven Invaluable - though the Economy may be Slowed, Imagine the Damage if not for China Trade & USMCA .  …
The Chinese notified the WHO of the virus on Dec. 31. They labeled it Covid-19 on Jan 7 and sent that genetic sequencing to the CDC so they could formulate a test. From that point forward was criminal, lethal inaction by @realDonaldTrump
Like him or loathe him, more leaders from around the world need to have the same tone as president Trump when  to the Chinese government.
Moreover, the "truth" for half the country now is that the fault lies with the Chinese for not telling "us" sooner, Obama for not having systems in place that work and the media for lying about what Trump knew and what he did once he knew. His voters believe his lies... always...
This shit is why the Democrats need to lose everything they have to lose in November. If Biden wants to put out misinformation, let him do it on his watch. Trump and his team should be leading Americans especially concerning the Chinese Virus.  …
People talking shit about Ben Carson nodding off while forgetting he is waging psychic warfare on the astral plane against the Chinese demons responsible for this plague.
Chinese students are thinking of quitting Britain's universities, fuming about weak public health measures and having to weigh the health benefits of wearing a surgical mask with their fear of being racially abused or even attacked for it. 
I’m going to go out on a limb and say the Chinese government has been lying this whole time. It’s time for every  to bring everything back to the United States. Everyone should be outraged over China’s behavior rather then kowtowing to their regime.
People aged 20 to 44 make up a big portion of those hospitalized for the Chinese coronavirus in the U.S., according to CDC data. 
"The Chinese nationals who tried to escape from quarantine were arrested and will be delt with according to the law," says @JaneRuth_Aceng. #COVID19UG #COVID19 
So should we start calling maga hats Chinese hats? I mean, that's where  from!
I'm at a popular takeout Chinese spot (won't reveal yet cause I'm writing about it) and they turned the dining room into a war room. Table w/north, south, east, west signs to visualize deliveries; condiment stations; assembly line of FOH workers packing; It is impressive.
When did they end the "Hug a Chinese" campaign? About 20 days after that.
@JoeBiden A purveyor of Chinese propaganda and hater of Trump, that calls himself an American, has no excuse. His gutter attack on Trump, during a national time of crisis proves to America that he is no Patriot, but a Maoist Comrade! #DemocratsHateAmerica  …
Happy Sunday. Chinese milk vetch 
Congress' Asian Pacific American caucus chair: It's dangerous for Trump to call coronavirus 'the Chinese virus'  …
How this institution can have $40 billion, charge $75k to students, claim to be nonprofit, and then fire all these workers is baffling. How about using some of that Chinese money they take in donations (and fail to report) to help workers? Harvard is a hedge fund with tax shield  …
Isn't it strange that neither the BBC nor Sky are mentioning the fact that Italy imported 100,000 Chinese workers and that Spain has 200,000 minimum Chinese people mostly owning shops. The two countries which are suffering the worst casualties. Surely that is very relevant?
And earlier this week Hillary was regurgitating the talking points of the  regime. We’ve now had multiple pandemics originate in Chinese wet markets. After SARS they promised to crackdown on wildlife meat trade but alas....
Remember everyone, Chinese are human too! (except, you know, according to their own government).
Earth to the space cadets. It didn't originate in Montana. Or Iowa. Or South Dakota. Why do they call it MERS? Because it originated in THE MIDDLE EAST. They call it the Chinese virus because it originated in CHINA. Here endeth the lesson.  …
Seems like chinese democrats gave these date , in my experience , some Chinese Wu Mao 五毛 service for totalitarian China think tank , they learned Western Economics ,philosophy, politics , they’re leader of WuMao and these date is too shallow for them  …
Art Basel Online Viewing Rooms ‘Oooooooooops!’: White Space Beijing’s uplifting and timely exhibition celebrating Chinese artists Zhai Liang (pictured), Christine Sun Kim, Xie Fan, and others:  — March 20–25 | 
800 people have died in Italy in a single day due eh the Chinese virus. If you are not taking this serious then you really should be. Bed wetting and panic will never be my thing but the escalation of this should have us all on guard and do everything you are told by the experts.
If you are referring to the coronavirus as the 'Chinese flu' or saying the Chinese are to blame because "they eat bat soup", please block/unfollow me. I don't want to interact with racists on here. People in China typically don't eat bats. The more likely scenario is that...
Chinese ambassador praises Hillary for standing up for China Hillary has  quite the linguist. She now speaks Russian AND Chinese Too bad she’s never mastered *America’s Language*...LOYALTY and PATRIOTISM  …
Chinese authorities pilloried internationally  December, January. Once realised grave errors late January, reversed course swiftly. <100 days later, health, social, economic life China returning to normal. Australia? She’ll be right mate! Cost >100,000  …
US intelligence agencies warned in January and February that the Chinese government was dangerously downplaying the coronavirus outbreak. Then Trump did the same thing. 
Question... If calling the coronavirus 19 the China virus is racist, why isn't Chinese food racist?
The Chinese members of my family are calling coronavirus the #ChineseFlu, and the #MSM #FakeNews. #TrueStory
Folks want to call this the Chinese Flu. Okay, but then we gotta call these White Man's Measles White Man's Smallpox White Man's Cholera White Man's Diphtheria White Man's Scarlet Fever White Man's Bubonic Plague White Man's Typhus White Man's Tuberculosis
Let's for a moment assume that you are President of China. Also assume that one mlillion died of Covid-19. Will you tell the world? By telling the truth, Chinese will be banned in rest of the world for 10 years. Chinese economy will collapse and millions will die of starvation
New Jersey Imposes ‘Stay At Home’ Order Amid CCP Virus Pandemic. New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy announced a statewide “stay at home” order on Saturday in an effort to curb the spread of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) virus.  …
Fastest growing country for the Chinese Virus is USA. One factor is more testing and more positive tests. Time to start taking manufacturing back from China and putting America back on top. No  product in USA.  …
NEVER FORGET THIS! As China continues its PROPAGANDA campaign & our media seeks to divide this country in the midst of a crisis On Jan 14th, Chinese Authorities lied & stated there was "NO CLEAR EVIDENCE of human-to-human transmission of #COVID19" A lie w/ Global  …
They don't blame Trump. They blame the Chinese. A coworker posted a clip on FB of a Chinese cook boiling a live dog. Expect more of this horror show.
To quote: "On Monday, Chinese President Xi Jinping told Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte that China was willing to contribute with Italy to “a health silk road” and that he believed that the two countries would reinforce mutual trust and broaden cooperation."
Jason Lewis has been  of the Trump administration's efforts to fight the Chinese virus as well as the bipartisan approach of several state governors on the front lines.  …
Coronavirus: Passport seekers flee as Chinese lady vomits at immigration office 
IRONY 101-102 1) China owns the virus..may as well call it the Chinese virus 2) Arguing over what to call the Chinese virus is like the crew of the sinking Titanic arguing over whether it was an iceberg or an ice floe they struck..it’s stupid!
You are irresponsible in calling this “super dangerous information” PHYSICIANS have used these medicines for 60+ years to treat patients with #malaria, lupus, #RA safely and effectively. It is a GAME CHANGER that #HCG #AZM are so effective in #ChineseCoronaVirus Chinese COVID-19 
Went to a small Chinese owned store for lunch as we went to drop off my sister at the airport. Woman was crying when my dad went in because she hadn’t had business since the start of this anti-Asian sentiment going around. Food was bomb and plentiful. We have enough for tomorrow.
And....now Bloomberg is touting Chinese propaganda saying Hydroxychloroquine is deadly! It’s been FDA approved for 50 yrs to cure malaria & now autoimmune disease! I take this drug...it’s only deadly if u overdose...so is aspiran!
I am half Chinese (not mainland Chinese), 30 years in England, victim of racial attack three times, all three times were by black.
In other words : "Communist Mafia United" #HillaryClinton #ChineseVirus #WuhanCoronaVirus - Chinese Ambassador Applauds Hillary Clinton For Spreading Communist Propaganda  …
Beijing on Friday ordered Chinese nationals to walk away from their jobs at American news outlets. Bye, bye! China better get its act together and take responsibility instead of behaving like irresponsible cowards with no concern for the rest of the world. #CoronavirusPandemic
"Trump’s insistence on the contrary seemed to rest in his relationship with China’s President Xi Jingping" -It's now Chinese President that Trump is accused of "relationship" with, whatever happened to relationship with Putin???
“I call it the Chinese coronavirus because  from Wuhan, China and China is responsible for its negligence in containing the outbreak,” Cheong said in a retweet. “I’m Chinese, in case that isn’t obvious,” he added.  …
I'm not taking Trump's racism lying down. And to those who say he's just stating the "truth" with the moniker "Chinese virus," ask yourself why he's insisting on using that name, rather than coronavirus or Covid-19 like the rest of the world.  …
Chinese Virus - Chinese Virus - Chinese Virus - Chinese Virus Chinese Virus - Chinese Virus - Chinese Virus - Chinese Virus Chinese Virus - Chinese Virus - Chinese Virus - Chinese Virus RT so people know the TRUTH !!!!
Why do you keep calling this the Chinese virus Trump a savage #Covid_19 #TrumpVirus 
Just realized Chinese New Year is February 21, 2021.. If we're still alive what the hell do we call it without being racist? Year of the dirty flu spreading exotic animal eaters???? Hopefully by then the liberals will have a rule book of what we can and can't say! 
There has been a rise in hate crimes against #AsianAmericans due to #coronavirus-related #racism. Thanks to #AAPI groups, people can report racist incidences here (in English, Chinese, Korean, Thai, and Japanese so far):  #StopTheHate #StopAAPIHate
Wow. I was on the fence about these claims, but the doctors who would be murdered by the Chinese government for telling the truth confirmed them, so I'm convinced.  …
If you can't get enough info on the Chinese Virus, this is for you. Among other myths busted: Closing schools is really dumb. Evidence over hysteria — COVID-19 by 
Don’t inflict her on the Chinese - they have enough problems.
The bad things the Chinese government did were in the context of  new disease, and once they had better information they responded accordingly. The US government had the right information months in advance and used it to make a profit.
Chinese billionaire and co-founder of Alibaba Jack Ma to donate 500,000 masks and 50,000 testing kits to 
When @CNN first began reporting on COVID-19 in January, the network called it “Chinese coronavirus” or “Wuhan coronavirus.” In record time — under two months, in fact — those phrases became racist. Why? Because the president was using them, of course  …
OUR GREAT PRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP CLEARS WAY TO USE MALARIA DRUG FOR CHINESE VIRUS " OUR PRESIDENT IS A GREAT LEADER AND HE WILL LEAD US " WE THE PEOPLE " OUT OF THIS OUR ECONOMY WAS SO STRONG WHEN THIS HAPPENED HE WILL MAKE IT STRONGER BELIEVE IN HIM  …
President Trump has handled this Chinese Virus situation with dignity and care. A lesser man would have crumbled! Raise Your hand if you agree
Not one mention of China. Biden coudn't spend 99% of the video criticizing Trump & spare just 1% for the Chinese Communist Party that covered up the coronavirus, silenced doctors & whistleblowers, lied to the world, unleashed a pandemic, & is now blaming the US. Nope. 100% Trump.  …
Trump - Shut the border Media - Ur a racist Trump - Shut the border Media - You didn’t do it fast enough Media - Chinese Wuhan Virus Trump - Chinese Virus Media - Ur a racist Media - We need a leader that gives us hope Trump - Have Hope Media - Ur giving false hope #Trumpin
The Chinese government has happily exploited the lefts proclivity to live and die by dividing Americans with identity politics. The virus emanates from China. Does not speak mandarin, but you would think it does if you watched the news lately. Cut the bs and unite.
ABSURD! Leftists are now using the hashtag #TrumpLiesPeopleDie This is  and total sham. It's literally CHINESE propaganda. The left hates America so much they would rather blame the President of the UNITED STATES for a CHINESE born pandemic, than solve problems!
CCPWuHan Coronavirus is still killing Chinese but CCP is hiding the truth! Break the firewall and let the truth out! The west media is guilty of spreading disinformation for CCP about zero case in CCP’s China. 
Seriously?! The left is now using the hashtag #TrumpLiesPeopleDie Nothing could be FURTHER from the truth! This President has been working day and night to save lives -- it was CHINA who lied to the entire  Why is the left helping spread Chinese propaganda?
So, @JoeSilverman7: Scale of 1 to 10, how big an issue is the Chinese bat soup flu here in the US?  …
This time may feel like chaos. But you need a morning routine. Some ideas: - Play video games - Yell at the Chinese - Say the n word - Sleep - Do meth - Tile your bathroom - Pee your pants - Order McDonald’s - Punch holes in your drywall - Spread propaganda - Don’t shower
Chinese ambassador joins Hillary Clinton in accusing Trump of using "racist rhetoric" to distract from coronavirus response  …
The long locked-down Chinese city of Wuhan, where the coronavirus outbreak first emerged late last year, has started to drop its checkpoints, celebrating the moment with bursts of fireworks. Bus routes out of the city will remain blocked. 
I'm not the modeler in the sense of scratch-built locos or layout construction, but I noticed that no one had created T&F's Chinese Dragon, so that's what I set out to do! And while the clay was out, I made some people for my future projects. Total cost=$5 
Ireland has recorded approx 800 cases of #Covid_19 This is way ahead of the UK when viewed on a per capita basis. I wonder how many Chinese have taken up the multi-entry visa option? 
Seriously how much do you think the #Communist #Chinese Government pays this career political hack? To think he was a few states away in 2016, from being one heartbeat away to being China’s dream Manchurian President. No wonder @HillaryClinton had him as her running mate.  …
Videos, pics of Chinese biting into live birds, lizards, eating and cooking dogs and bats, eating live tadpoles, stripping fur off rats etc. Stupid leftists think we are racist to mention it or say Coronavirus is Chinese? I'm sorry, I don't swear often and am polite. F#ck off
She also doesn’t know that there is nothing altruistic in what the Chinese do. All these countries are potential colonies for the Chinese. But hey if she hates India so much then then these bigger realities don’t matter anyway.
Canada should NOT be buying any food, of any kind, from China. It’s substandard. And you cannot trust China, or Chinese food manufacturers. They’ve proven they cannot be trusted.
First Chinese eating bats and now Hindus drinking cow urine, this planet is fucked, scenes when a new virus spreads out of there  …
Please stop calling it the Chinese virus. To some, it might seem like a trivial issue. But it affects us deeply. I have friends who are scared of being outside with a mask for fear of being attacked. A family was stabbed in TX. A woman in NYC was assaulted. Pls stop. #racism
Hope you’re all coping today with the Chinese Coronavirus that came out of Wuhan, China and was covered up and lied about by the disgraceful  government
DEMs + Chinese Chunks = Corona  …
hey, folks? do me a favor and block and report anyone you see on this hellsite marching up to Asians and telling them stuff along the lines of "calling covid-19 the Chinese virus is accurate and good, actually" while Asians are being targeted. cool?
For all those who love China. Chinese media blaming the USA and Italy for COVID-19! Saying virus didn't appear in China it was imported from the USA and Italy....Shame.  …
You mean if the Chinese were running the country?  …
The ONLY Source For The TRUTH NOT Trump Trashing Chinese Propaganda #FakeNews Is #PresidentTrump And The Daily #CoronaVirus Briefing TRUMP APPROVAL IS UP That Is The Reason Maddow & Her Comrades Are Calling To END The Daily Briefing 
Republican Lawmakers Call for Chinese Communist Party to Be Banned From Twitter for Misinformation and Propaganda  … via @gatewaypundit
#BREAKING Ministry of Health says Zimbabwe has a "probable case of Covid-19" - a well travelled adult male who has recently been to South Korea, New York (USA) and Tanzania. His test results were 'inconclusive', further tests in SA. @ZimLive understands he's Chinese 
Important to note that the local  in Seattle (where I am) are buying masks from China and donating to local hospitals. So stop calling it the ChineseVirus! XiVirus and CCPvirus are far preferable and more accurate.  …
The Wuhan #coronavirus has made us aware of the supply chain dependence on China for even our most  medicine. & how Chinese transnational capital has globalised loans/debt as well as disease. Ireland needs to  more self sufficient, not reliant in any sector.  …
Great shorthand name for the #ChineseVirus. Bait the progs by eliminating their “racism” narrative, and focus on the Chinese Communist Party as the culprit. #CCP  …
Behind this hope are selfless devotions and even huge sacrifices of numerous Chinese people.  …
apparently Trump's press conference notes had the words "Corona Virus" written and he crossed it out and put "Chinese" instead What a knob
President Trump came under fire for his use of the phrase “Chinese virus” to describe the coronavirus. That the term should be controversial at all is nearly beyond belief. The virus did indeed originate in China. Via  …
Why are some getting angry when I work closely with @BobFu4China against the Chinese Communist Party? He is not a billionaire, but his character can’t be bought with billions. Put a price on the heart. It’s priceless! #Chinazi #ChinaLiesPeopleDie #Uyghurs 
Chinese woman attacked inside a Muslim-only, Halal meat and fish store. Sad, but not surprising.  …
The MSM during the Chinese virus outbreak. They’re the enemy. 
When you're eating at your favorite Chinese food place and hear a cough from the kitchen. 
Charity: *gets in Vanessa’s face with a low hum and sexy smile* Vanessa: *blushing furiously* Charity: *leans in to Vanessa’s ear* Charity: I think we should have Chinese for dinner. Charity: *sits back down* Vanessa: *repeatedly smacks charity With a pillow* Cheeky mare.
The Chinese figure is fake. Everything about them is fake. They lied to the world and now people are dying from the #ChineseVirus
She bleeped out “Chinese”. But regardless, tweeting means less than nothing when your “ally” is literally having round tables on the virus every, single day. There is 0 reason you couldn’t join him; I’m sure you must have a laptop with a webcam.  …
Chinese public health announced that a clinical trial at 10 hospitals (more than 100 patients) showed a positive effect—those who took chloroquine were more likely to show a reduction in fever, showed clearer lungs on CT scans and reduced time to recover.  …
Reality check: we all knew about COVID-19 in January when the Chinese Delegation visited the WH! @realDonaldTrump knew  …
By sending shipments of medical supplies to heavily affected & poor countries, China is trying to change the narrative of the Coved 19. The truth is: this epidemic originated in China, and Chinese authorities chose not to inform the world for over 2 months.
Trump's "Chinese" virus is part of a long history of blaming other countries for disease 
"It is true. Justice always speak loudly," Chinese ambassador Lin Songtian replied, sharing a screenshot of @HillaryClinton's tweet and a China News article highlighting her "racist rhetoric" critique of  …
. @GeorgeTakei to @davidgura on Trump characterizing coronavirus as Chinese virus: it sends a cold chill throughout  because he’s sending a signal to the haters... we are chilled by the use... we have a long history of anti-Asian hatred in this country.
Got a Robo Call from Sen Scott, Fla, to Participate in a Phone, Town Hall Tomorrow; Scot calls it the"Chinese Virus;"I hung up..
Stop calling it the "Chinese Virus!" It is racism and hate mongering!!! Much of the world considers the US a lethal disease.... @realDonaldTrump
The American People Are SAFER Because Top Level Manager #PresidentTrump Is In Charge Imagine Chinese Propaganda Puppet #Biden In Charge This #Biden #CoronaVirus "How We Got Here" Video Is Full Of LIES NO Mention Of China 
I keep hearing that Chinese mobile user numbers decreased by millions over the last few weeks. Is this real? if so, is it relevant? Could it be for some other reason? Explain it away for me.
Chinese Ambassador Joins Hillary Clinton in Accusing Trump of Using 'Racist Rhetoric' to Distract From Coronavirus Response  …
I am so frustrated we can’t learn from mistakes. AIDS wasn’t a “gay plague,” a ‘93 outbreak wasn’t a “Navajo plague.” Calling this a “Chinese/Wuhan virus” is such a misleading, damaging, and valueless stigma. Viruses - THE ENEMY - don’t give a shit about such demographics.
A few million people dying from a Chinese death plague is worth it if I can keep my portfolio solvent.
When the gym is shut because of the Chinese virus 
Been seeing lots of justifications that @realDonaldTrump’s use of “Chinese Virus” is not racist. That it’s just like “west Nile” or “Spanish flu.” Here’s just one example of him making a deliberate decision to single out & then alienate them. How can people still support him? 
Parents Guide to Google Classroom in English, Chinese, Bangla:  … Will try to get more languages. DM me if you can translate. @NYCSchools @CECDistrict2 @cec1 @D26Team @CECDistrict15
Hannah Brown..another Hollyweirdo, to put it nicely, makes a joke on “what could be more contagious than a smile? Communist Chinese Virus. AIRHEAD. Hannah Brown blasted for 'irresponsible' Instagram post amid coronavirus pandemic  …
China’s no new cases of the China Virus claim does not take into account the undiagnosed cases or the health of more than 1 million Chinese in re-education camps, where conditions are unsanitary, China Lies!  …
ISIS released images of the Type 63 107mm rockets launched by it's militants against Bagram AB in #Afghanistan. These all appear to be Chinese originals, not Iranian copies. ISIS also used these in #Kabul recently, seem to have no issue obtaining 
" #DONALDTRUMP NEEDS TO TELL THE CHINESE, YOU ARE PAYING FOR THE DAMAGE TO OUR ECONOMY" #JustLikeThat #CommonSense 
STOP with the “Chinese Virus” nonsense. Here’s why. #on1withAngelaRye #Ryerolltothepolls 
Slow down there, buddy. We need to find out how the virus ended up in China in the first place. The GOP rush to judge and punish the Chinese people should be a red flag to the world.
The media will do and say ANYTHING to attack President @realDonaldTrump! What they won't report on are the thousands of AMERICAN LIVES SAVED by President Trump's early and decisive action! Demand China Is Held Accountable for the Chinese Virus:  
Footage of President Trump's Chinese Virus press conference updates. 
It was your government pointing a finger of racism at Canadians for staying out of Chinese restaurants when, here in Vancouver, it was Chinese people staying away from those restaurants. If we learned one thing from this outbreak it's to ignore your virtue signaling bullshyt
The Clinton Mafia have been taking Chinese money since Bill was in office. Woops. I guess that makes me racist for saying, "Chinese." Just saying.  …
All this fearmongering over “Chinese Flu” and here i am thinking “American Flu” sounds like the deadliest germ on earth. It’s the only one that sounds like it’ll invade you for 20 years and tell you it’s for your own good.
Guys! Please let’s not discriminate against anyone! We have to stay sensitive & kind... I forgot to tell you about  that happened the other day when a Chinese man wearing a face mask entered the pharmacy Bengabaleki so abantu Stop the drama guys! #ZanuPfMustGo
Trump is engaging private businesses to assist helping with the Communist Chinese virus, a food truck is helping seniors. They also supplied sanitary items and groceries. This is just one example and it’s what Trump means by involving the Private sector.  …
" @RichMarteen: The head of a Chinese Red Cross delegation to Italy, didn't play! “I don’t know what you’re thinking.” The lockdown is too lax to get things under control, he says. This is what we need to do in Nigeria, before things get out of hand. 
Listen carefully from Chinese #COVID19 advisor from Wuhan now to help in Italy. In US we’d rather listen now.... #HCW plz listen carefully second 28...next time someone argues mask don’t protect #HCW let them know u went to school among other things to learn how to use a  …
A heavily-pregnant Chinese woman has told of how she and her husband had food thrown and 'coronavirus' insults yelled at them in two separate incidents of racial abuse on the same night in Edinburgh. 
Dr Rasmussen took pains to attribute calls for prophylactic measures—like banning travel, addressing potential trade disruptions & PPE shortages, etc.—to raycism and zenophobia. She even coined the term “taxonomic colonialism” bc Chinese excluded from naming coronavirus. 4/n 
Every time he says "Chinese virus" I hope a little more fervently that he gets it.
Chinese Communist Party regime LIED And people - literally or economically - DIED One lesson of this global pandemic, which we must learn once we have addressed the most immediate need of health, jobs, well-being, is the need  review our foreign policy towards #CCP
No. And that's why it's so strange to hear our  today that the Chinese didn't tell us about the virus. We spend a ton of money to support an  to collect data independently so we don't need to rely on autocracies to tell us such information.  …
Everyone is vulnerable even young and healthy people. If you get it and get over it, it still scars your lungs. Chinese doctors say that lots of people who get over it show signs of COPD.  …
She works for the Chinese News Network. Their expert Dr is Sean Penn. What do you expect?
time traveler: THERE HE IS, THATS PATIENT ZERO random chinese guy eating a bat: 
Italian residents hug Chinese people to encourage them in coronavirus fight  Performative virtue is so stupid.
If we kicked out all Chinese media outlets in America, this room would be empty. 
Me when the bizzies raid the Chinese by r’s thats still open on the sly 
. @TimMurtaugh, are you still awake? Why did Trump say of Xi, "I think he’s handled it really well"? Why did he ignore Joe Biden's public warning not to take the Chinese government's word about coronavirus? Why did he believe Xi over his own experts?   …
I know you feel real smart about this question, which was asked a million times before. Asians are being harassed, kicked and slashed across the face while being called Chinese virus. There's a consequence in calling it a certain name by a president.  …
I'm seeing a lot of people Stanning for this Chinese factory b/c they think it's in America. Do some research before mashing the retweet button. And keep in mind that China blocked U.S. firms in China from exporting masks to the U.S. when we needed them.   …
ABC's Cecilia Vega wins Just the News’ Neutral Zone Infraction award for media bias for implying Donald Trump 'Chinese virus' references incite racial harassment.  …
4. Dems attempt to steal 2018 election to secure House and Senate with Dem majority. @potus and Repubs keep Senate. FAILED 5. Deep State assets working with Chinese agents release coronavirus “accidentally” into Chinese population and China covers it up for 2 months. Leftist
Chinese Spies Work On US Payroll Exposed by Former State Dept Robert Booth on @crossroads_josh Watch full  #ChineseSpy #CCP #US 
Just got off the phone with my mom. She said she was walking with her Asian co-worker when these two white boomer men on a bench said "Chinese Virus" as they walked by. I'm so glad I wasn't with them, or else I'd be in jail.
Hoping this is correct. A study of 100 Chinese cities finds higher temperatures & humidity correlate with reduced transmission of the #coronavirus. This is their prediction of global spread March & July. This won’t be enough, but we’ll take what we can 
What bats would like to do to the Chinese 
I’ve hit upon a genius way of guaranteeing I don’t get Corona. I’ve applied to join the Chinese Army.
“When Nixon came to China in 1972…an elderly gentleman…began to cry… ‘This is a catastrophe. America  to the rescue of the Chinese Communist Party & the Chinese people will have to pay for many more decades  And he was right.” WATCH:  
We'd like to give a special thanks to the Chinese puppets who have put forth their time and effort to attempt a disinformation campaign in our replies today. Anyone who believes in democracy, and prosperity can see through your lies! 
Actually before this donation,  in #Oman already provided Fever Screening Thermal Camera & some sanitary products to the Muscat  …
I don’t maintain or promote any Twitter lists. However, it’s fun to occasionally see which lists I’m on. Did you know I’m a Chinese bot who advocates for Nazi policies like gun confiscation and restrictions on free speech?
Of course they did. That’s the best case scenario about the CHINESE VIRUS. They are responsible and owe us trillions in reparations.  …
LMAOOO. The Chinese are hoarding face masks but no NY Times articles on their disregard for human life but when Trump hits them with tariff rates, he is racist. You gotta love the hypocrisy.  …
Allison Almost 800 people died in Italy today alone Old, young, healthy, afflicted, Chinese, British, black, white, Muslim, Christian Every life lost is a tragedy And everyone has a responsibility to care and help where they can  …
Now I've heard it all. Celebrities in the fantasmagorical town of Hollywood sing "Imagine" (Yoko Ono/The Beatles) while the world is fighting the deadly Chinese virus. What's the connection - what's the message? I say to them: Imagine sitting at home with your mouth shut. ¶
Funny, people who insist on saying "Chinese Virus" totally lose their cool when I say "White Folks' Shit." Can you imagine?
Ben Norton continues to spread Chinese government propaganda regarding Covid-19, is a perfect continuation for his denial of their crimes against the Uyghurs, siding against the people of Hong Kong, all while calling himself an anti-imperialist.
Why MUST the investigation into the humanity of Chinese people ALWAYS hinge on our political categorization of them as a people in struggle? It's as if the only authentic artistic expression Chinese are capable of, is speaking up against their government.  …
When all this COVID shit is over we have to make HUGE changes in this country. Bring  & manufacturers back into the USA ! NO MORE CHINESE CRAP! Just a few examples 
. RINO WATCH - - TUCKER CALLS OUT EB-5 PROGRAM that FRAUD LINDSEY GRAHAM is BEHIND Tucker Carlson -- EB-5 Visa ‘Money-Laundering Scheme’ Selling Path to U.S. Citizenship for Chinese Nationals .  …
Make happy those who are near, and those who are far  - Chinese proverb 
Chinese propaganda machinery will successfully cover up the real number of deaths. Western countries don't have the guts to question China but rant endlessly against India. Of course there is no dearth of CPC lovers in India.  …
I've sympathy for the Chinese people but our own people have  first. Once they get their house in order they can return. The change has  from within.
CNN and MSNBC at Trump’s press conference. “Why do you say Chinese virus?” 
Covid-19 does not care about race/politics & can attack us all. Let's not make the situation worse *Speak factually on the timeline of this disease: scientists need to understand its origins in order to fight it *Call it by its scientific name *Don't say Chinese when you mean CCP
In Serbia, Chinese medical staff arrived to counter coronavirus, things what European Union won't do because they prefer to screw with post-pandemic measures Time to Serbs to think again if they really prefer to join neoliberal European Union... 
Why isn’t Trump challenged to say how calling it the “Chinese virus” helps save lives? We have seen a correlation between his racist rhetoric and actions and the spike in terrorist  by white supremacists. Why would this be any different? 
Trump propaganda blaming China for our troubles is insane precisely because Trump spent some much time delaying our preparation and, basically, spreading Chinese propaganda. If this is China's fault, than Trump is their useful idiot. 
This is Trump's finest hour and will have a V for victory...this is what we hired him for.....I know he is doing what's right for Americans and this may finally free us of the Chinese takeover that's been going on for 30 yrs......they own too many politicians
I really hope these chinese that escaped quarantine haven't infected anyone or else we are all dead
Today, Chinese Communist Leader Xi came out and officially praised @HillaryClinton for her attack on @realDonaldTrump for being “racist” for calling #Coronavirus a #ChineseVirus #msm @CNBCnow @cnnbrk are cheering! Can you imagine #Chinese media cheering the US for smearing Xi?! 
I am struggling to wrap my head around the Italian death-rates - lets ignore Chinese and Iranian figures  fake - why are Italians dying almost at twice the rate of the nearest EU nation?
In case #coronavirus does not  impotent due to noise vibrations, what’s the next course of action? If we have to recite #HanumanChalisa, it has to be in in Mandarin, so the Chinese virus can understand it and get suitably scared. Corona doesn’t know Hindi or Sanskrit, no?  …
So we got 1. China is lying 2. Pop density 3. Age of Population 4. Italy public health cares stinks 5.  with their gov demands while Italians don’t. Is that a fair consensus
So they now have the best stock market in the world I smell a rat, a Chinese one #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied 
The Hong Kong government’s proposed amendment to the Fugitive Offenders and Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Legislation Bill in February 2019 has thrown the Chinese territory into its largest legitimacy crisis. 
Some on the left are calling President Trump racist for calling COVID-19 the "Chinese Virus." @dbongino and @JesseBWatters discuss if China will be held accountable for the virus. #FoxNews 8pm 
LATEST NEWS LIVE: Belgrade, Nikola Tesla Airport President of Serbia & China's ambassador to Serbia  China's medical experts & supplies. President of Serbia: "Thanks to President Xi, China and the Chinese people. We will never forget their solidarity and help to Serbia" 
Will the Chinese government be able to weather domestic and international criticism of its handling of the coronavirus outbreak? 
Unless the virus magically skipped Wuhan's neighboring provinces and made it's way directly to far away countries, all the Chinese data is bullshit. 
Trump said even Democratic governors like Gavin Newsom have praised him for his quick response to the coronavirus outbreak, but the media has continued to publish criticism similar to that of the Chinese government.  …
NO, David - we will take no lessons from #China. What we must do is demand that the authoritarian Chinese regime answer serious questions. Enough of this pandering  for the sake of "cheap" goods; look at the price we're paying now! #ChinaLiedPeopleDied  …
Did you know the Chinese Govt spokesman #LijianZhao @zlj517 who lied about the US spreading #CoronaVirus in China was once known as 'Muhammad Lijian Zhao'. Look hereain't he a cute jihadi working inside 
The game has now changed. Our country is about to be shocked by how many of our elites have been working for the interests of the Chinese Communist Party at the expense of the American people’s interests.  …
The head of a Chinese Red Cross delegation to Italy was brutal: “I don’t know what you’re thinking.” The lockdown is too lax to get things under control, he says. Imagine what he’d say about Johnson’s approach & the current casual state of the UK. 
#CoronavirusPandemic didn't shake China as tremendous and appreciable work done by Chinese nation. We all must learn something from this persistent country. Stay blessed @zlj517 @willripleyCNN 
. FAKE NEWS - - LEFTISTS' TRUMP SMEARS NOT WORKING / WANT to SHUT DOWN BRIEFINGS FOUR Recent Polls ALL show Majority Approval of Trump on Chinese Virus - now FakeNews wants to CUT OFF White House Briefings, as They are LOSING the Narrative .  …
This is why... 1st, open borders. 2nd, large Chinese worker population. 3rd, one of the largest older age populations. 4th, a lot of them smoke. 5th, a lot of the elderly live with their younger offspring (family). 6th, socialized medicine.
The 20 year old Coofer -can’t stop coofing -has Chinese cringe aids -does opposite of social distancing -“it’s just the flu” -already infected 50 people -doesn’t care if grandma dies -thinks he’s missing out if he stops partying with fat broads -will be in the ICU in 2 weeks 
What you lot ordering tonight? I’m feeling chinese you know
We have the Chinese ambassador praising Hillary, the press praises Hillary, and the press goes after the president for hurting China’s feelings. It’s like a  love fest. 
9/10 eCommerce: eCom grew 5% this yr in China, mainly due to food & health. Ironically, makeup sales held up as Chinese consumers dressed up for video calls. The same is not being seen in the US (anyone else live in @lululemon?!) China saw safety purchases stay strong post peak: 
Muslim only Food. Muslims abuse and attack a Chinese women for wanting to buy food  …
1) @realDonaldTrump has gained 10 million twitter followers since 9/29/2020! The democrats and deep state have tried a coup, phony charges of Russian Collusion, a phony impeachment, and a Chinese pandemic but he has gained massive support
"The video was released on Feb 4 & was produced by the CCP government. Under the guise of being 'woke', the Italian government prodded their citizens to erase the stigma surrounding the virus & hug the hundreds of thousands of Chinese living in Italy."  …
Why Trump started calling the coronavirus the "Chinese Virus. Because it came from CHINA just like the Spanish flu came from Spain. He wanted to be accurate. Leave it at that. DemoBrats have to find a racist other than their candidate  …
Join me in supporting our President and VP would you in the way they’re handling and reporting the Wuhan Chinese Virus? Retweet Comment Follow Bookmark Follow more Please follow me 
Reminder of the utter  of the Chinese authorities during the outbreak. And no, this is not about freedom of speech or the political regime. It’s just  the exact same kind we have seen in Spain and other places 
Alyssa Milano Demands Trump Stop Saying ‘Chinese Virus’: ‘You Racist Piece of S**t’ 
Chinese Communist Leader Xi met with President of Pakistan & “portrayed himself as the benevolent leader of a worldwide anti-viral campaign!” Sorry the facts indicate the opposite - more like the leader of the world #Coronavirus  …
The Chinese government is responsible for taking care of the Chinese people. The failure of our federal govt is why we are in this crisis. We had our first known case of Covid 19 the same day So Korea did. They took action. Your president lied to us and told is it was a hoax.
Press conferences about the Chinese coronavirus would be a lot simpler if a reporter just straight up asked: "What negative news can you give us that reflects specifically badly on you Mr. President or would result in hurting the public’s opinion of your administration?"
IMO nothing wrong with calling coronavirus the Chinese or Wuhan Virus, China tried covering this up, many people have died and this virus has shutdown the world, they need to take blame for what they have done, also many other viruses are named after regions they originate from
With Arabic subtitle | plz retweet Here is a refutation from me to the Sufi cleric Habib Ali Jifri said in his video “the #Uyghur #Muslims under #Chinese occupation half are Muslims and half is not“. 
You thought Indians were being stupid about Corona? The Italians launched a "Hug a Chinese" campaign to fight "muh racism." Today they have the highest number of Corona deaths in the world. Well done, idiots! #StayHomeStaySafe #COVID19outbreak #ChineseVirus #KungFlu
Yes, Chinese Communist Party IS NOT a legitimate regime. It’s a GANGSTER REGIME! 
Four facts about COVID-19 and the Chinese Communist Party. (via 
THANK YOU PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump FOR YOUR QUICK RESPONSE AND ACTION AGAINST THE CHINESE VIRUS. YOU SIR SAVED MANY LIVES. GOD BLESS YOU 
Dear Naxal, Stop licking your Chinese master’s feet. India is a country that every Neighbour is grateful to have. India now is in a financial condition to help our Neighbours unlike Nehru’s era when we used to beg... Regards, An Indian!  …
Hey fellow Canadians - let’s open a mine and drill for oil in Chinese territory - er wait, not even if hell froze over would  to light! Canadian resources are for Canadians! This is the Trudeau legacy. Rape and pillage Canada for a UN seat 
The Chinese Virus threatens to destroy the world economy. It’s not racial, it’s criminal.
What this and other evidence shows is that the whole world was pandering and slobbering over Red China for its cheap products and its buying of raw materials. This was Globalization at it’s worse! The world ignored the Red Chinese microbiological threats, including Obama/Biden.
FL @SenRickScott calls it the chinese coronavirus. Not ok. If it started in Africa, would we be blaming Africans? People are all people. We need to deal with the situation as humans, together. Not point fingers & blame races/countries but figure out good solutions
if this was chinese kids singing a patriotic song yall would call them poor brainwashed kids  …
4 minute, 25 second video released by the Biden campaign. How many mentions of China, where the virus began? ZERO Unbelievable. The Biden campaign is carrying the Chinese Communist Party’s water.  …
Italy feared quarantining Chinese for fear of being called "racist." Italian leaders urged Italians to "hug a Chinese" person to dispel xenophobia... Pray for the Italian people.   …
hey so i made a home made spicebag cause i can’t live without chinese during this isolation and i’m proud x follow my insta there if u fancy x 
Chinese state media @globaltimesnews ( mandarin version) now saying Virus was already in #Italy before the outbreak in China, implying #COVIDー19 originated in Italy. I guess US’s tough position made China’s attempts to blame US failed so now they shifting blame to the 
“We have put over 10 MILLION laboratory tests into the  market.” “By March 28th, we expect that to be well over 27 million in the market.” - Admiral Brett Giroir on the Chinese Virus tests
It's not a big deal, but in keeping with the spreading of spreading facts, not disinformation, those recent feel-good animal stories are largely hoaxes - including the drunk Chinese elephants and the dolphins in Venice.  …
Gao Zhixiao, a Chinese deliveryman, made the front page of Time Magazine as part of a series featuring 6 people directly impacted by #Covid_19. He is one of the 3 million deliverymen who worked throughout the pandemic, supplying people with daily needs. (pic/ @Time) 
"Here in Milan ... public transportation is still working and people are still moving around, you're still having dinners and parties in the hotels and you're not wearing masks." "I don't know what everyone is thinking." Sun Shuopeng, Chinese Red Cross  …
Via sources inside the government they confirmed what we have been saying all along! Corona Virus hype is aimed at @realDonaldTrump election! MSM has been working hand in hand with Chinese government and top democrats! The aim is to bring down President Trump ! Media enemy!
Why didn’t the Chinese government stop their citizens from eating bats and all the other infectious animals? That was 13 years ago. They control everything else...but not the safety of their people.
Dear Mr Musk, we need Chinese spacesuit type PPE first. Dead and sick healthcare workers won't be able to run the ventilator and things that follows critically ill patients. Please help to produce these. Would be more helpful for patients. Thank you. 
Maybe we should start calling Ivanka’s shoes “Chinese shoes,” since that’s where they originated from.  …
Attn @VP Pence. We have friends abroad who are helping, really helping. What is OUR government doing Chinese billionaire Jack Ma is shipping coronavirus test kits and masks to the U.S.  … via @CBSNews
Joe Biden continues to cover for the Chinese as they are waging a war of misinformation against the American people. This is a  …
Also as @TimMurtaugh pointed out— there’s an entire section on “how things got so bad” that doesn’t even mention China. That.. is insane. But a helpful tell from the Biden campaign that they hope to echo the Chinese gaslighting propaganda that this is all America’a fault.  …
#ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied Xi Jinping cares more about the image of the Chinese Communist Party than the lives of the Chinese people 
 … Why it matters: A study published in March indicated that if Chinese authorities had acted three weeks earlier than they did, the number of coronavirus cases could have been reduced by 95% and its geographic spread limited.
Chinese Communist Party  …
Could a consequence of this pandemic be a change in our manufacturing & shopping habits. Instead of buying so many cheap & cheerful Chinese goods, we instead manufactured quality goods & purchased less. We’ve far too much “stuff” Globalisation has repercussions. Just a thought!
The Chinese envoy can’t apologize.That would be writing his own death sentence. The only one that can apologize is Xi Jinping, President of #CCP and even he would probably be brought down by  party of #China #WuhanCoronaVirus #ChineseVirus  …
I don’t know about other states, but in California, we have supermarkets that are exclusively run by the Chinese, all people there speak only Chinese & Everything in there is imported from #China and bears #Chinese labels. Why aren’t @DHSgov @CDCgov making regular inspections?!
THE INTEL COMMUNITY TOLD TRUMP IN JANUARY WE WERE UNPREPARED. TRUMP DECIDED TO TRUST XI AND THE CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY
In present circumstances @WHO has  suspect Till almost mid Feb they were parroting Chinese coverup & advising against travel restrictions Italy Iran are paying price for it Don't be apologist for an irresponsible regime that has Wrecked havoc on Humanity
China is proof that IQ nationalism is dumb. Let's say we believe that asians have a slight spatial IQ advantage over whites. Neat. Chinese installations have 10-20 times the number of occupational accidents as the US and Europe.
“I was called xenophobic by Sleepy Joe Biden.” “I was called a racist by Democrats because I decided that I didn’t want to have people that could hurt our  in.” The travel restrictions were “the ultimate acting early” on the Chinese virus! - @realDonaldTrump
When Donald Trump could have swung into action the way South Korea did to fight back this pandemic he was [checks tweet] spreading  propaganda and collecting bribes at Maralago.
This Chinese delivery restaurant in Austin is offering free meals to people in financial distress bc of coronavirus. They’re accepting donations. 
Whole world going thru same issues b/c CHINA not only hoarded all the N95 masks, they bought up all the polypropylene needed to make new masks. This all while covering up how bad Wuhan was. Failing to contain pandemic, strategy shifted to enslaving all to Chinese "benevolence"
Now he’s stanning for the Chinese and everything is freaking awful.
Some Koreans make a new campaign to bash japan about the Chinese Wuhan Coronavirus virus Yet south korea has a higher rate than japan. Here are the original links to the bashing. Dirty south korea, stop lying, japan bashing!  …  
Trump denounced Peter Alexander for asking if he had words of reassurance for those who are scared. But he praises OAN reporters who ask if the term "Chinese food" is racist and "what do you think of the Washington Post?"  …
Dictatorship 101: blame an external enemy for any problems. And the Chinese government has decided that enemy is America. 
Please take him off the TV. He’s fighting a powerful, invisible enemy, the Chinese Virus, while handling misinformation from China and simultaneously fighting Fake News and ‘Sleepy Joe Biden’.
Since we’re all using coronavirus to confirm our priors, I’d like to note that the prior of mine this confirms the most is that the Chinese government is evil.  …
So spread the virus first, bring down global economy, now start their own stores and manufacturing, now make other countries buy their products and vaccine. All this is fault of Chinese government, the rest of world should boycott China, disgraceful nation.
The Chinese Propaganda Ministry has named this Tweet of the Year.  …
BASS DELIVERS THE PUNCH! Bass: I'm not going to call 'Chinese virus' what China's govt. wants me to ⁦ @Jkylebass⁩ #ChineseWuhanVirus  …
The only thing Democrats are more afraid of than the Chinese Virus itself is @realDonaldTrump’s success through this  …
Spike Lee tells Trump to stop calling COVID-19 the "Chinese virus," says he's putting Asian Americans "in danger"  …
Calling #Covid19 "the Chinese virus" is just the latest example of an old pattern in pandemics: scapegoating an ethnic or religious other. On this day in 1349, hundreds of Jews in Erfurt, Germany were slaughtered by their Christian neighbors, who blamed them for the Black Death. 
God this fucking pisses me off. Do you know who has called me every day to check up since the lockdown, asking if we have water food medicine etc etc?? Asked about family, how everyone is doing? My Chinese classmate. You’re an asshole.  …
Who will punish @WHO for their irresponsible behaviour. They even ditto Chinese claim that #coronavirus doesn’t spread from human to human! WHO ignored warning on coronavirus human-to-human transmission in Dec: Taiwan  -via @inshorts
Of course she doesn't want Americans to see & hear what @POTUS & his team are doing. It interferes with her Chinese propaganda efforts @MSNBC @maddow @Lawrence @chrislhayes @JoyAnnReid @mitchellreports @JoeNBC  …
In Rome, with the Chinese anthem playing, some Italians chanted "Grazie, Cina!" on their balconies, & their neighbors applauded along. Against #COVID19, humanity lives in  with a shared future! Italy is a heroic nation. At this trying moment, China is in 
Yes, Lou Dobbs and Michael Pillsbury, the Chinese Communist Party inexcusably hid information about the coronavirus. That is why the better name for this virus is #CCPVirus Let's hold the CCP accountable. 
Democrats wasted tens of millions of taxpayer dollars on their impeachment sham. Wouldn’t it have been nice if we had those millions to fight against the Chinese virus? Just a thought.
As our Commander-in-Chief leads the fight against the virus — and counters a fierce disinformation campaign from the Chinese Communist Party — Joe Biden reverts to PC nonsense in defense of the CCP...  …
China and the WHO's chief: Tedros colluded with China in every one of their missteps and covered up for them. From criticising travel restrictions on Chinese to calling China transparent. He must be made accountable.  … Ye dekh
Absolutely! Imagine where we'd be if Biden were President! He would not have announced Chinese travel restrictions and suspended entry into the US for foreign nationals who pose a coronavirus risk in JANUARY! America is very fortunate @realDonaldTrump is our President.
Things get real interesting next weekend. When we are at the end of the “14 days” and Americans do not know anyone or anyone that knows anyone that has the Chinese Virus much less someone that has died from it what will happen? Will Americans continue to obey?
Media Embarrassing Themselves Over Trump's Use Of 'Chinese Virus' The mainstream media’s ranks are populated by biased hacks who don’t care half as much about reporting accurately on the Wuhan coronavirus as they care about making Trump seem like a racist  …
I didn’t watch a second of it, I’m not going to watch a second of tomorrow’s, but I’m pretty sure he said some racist crap about Mexicans and Chinese Americans, told a bunch of lies, and once again offered no means of hospitals to get masks, tests, or anything will actually help
Republican Lawmakers Call for Chinese Communist Party to Be Banned From Twitter for Misinformation and Propaganda  …
Cotton, Gallagher Introduce Bill to End U.S. Dependence on Chinese-Manufactured Pharmaceuticals | Tom Cotton | U.S. Senator for Arkansas  …
And how typical of a sanghi like you trying to issue a “patriotism” certificate here bcoz u were called out for falsely calling it the “Chinese virus”. You peddle hate for money while real journalists are out risking themselves covering this pandemic. You haz no shame.
Jackson Wang hits 1M Followers on Spotify and is the 3rd Chinese Artist who achieved this goal @JacksonWang852 #GOT7 
“””CHINESE VIRUS””” “””SAY IT.......SAY IT!!!!!!!””” CHINESE VIRUS CHINESE VIRUS CHINESE VIRUS CHINESE VIRUS CHINESE VIRUS THATS NOT RACIST. Chinese COMMIE GOV to Blame NOT the Chinese People Commie GOVS KILL ALL PEOPLE their own & Foreign too 
Remember in November That Communist China Thanked Hillary Clinton For Her Support After She Accused ⁦⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ of Using "Racist Rhetoric" For Saying "Chinese Virus"  …
Satan’s feces Killary Clinton goes into bat for China ... yet again ... Communist China Thanks Hillary Clinton For Her Support After She Accuses Trump of Using "Racist Rhetoric" For Saying "Chinese Virus"  …
When this started I followed you for your COVID insights on the falsification of Chinese numbers. I found the Elon stuff off-putting as I kinda liked the guy. Two months later I am definitely team "Elon must pay".
Democrats wasted tens of millions of taxpayer dollars on their impeachment sham. Wouldn’t it have been nice if we had those millions to fight against the Chinese virus? Just a thought.
Swamp: "US may lose global leader role w/China responding better to Chinese virus." Wrong: Never mind Beijing lies world won't soon forget—see map, esp big country on China's SW border that hosted POTUS in Feb. W/strategic shift to India, China weakened. 
After a night of study, finally designed a Chinese traditional clothing. The new diy tool is amazing. #AnimalCrossing #AnimalCrossingNewHorizons 
... now, @JohnCornyn i know @GOP was told by a political consultant to start this "Chinese Virus" and "China hid it" crap to spin the failure of Trump and the GOP to act before this grew out of control here, to make people angry at China and not YOU. And @NRO is falling for it...
Meanwhile in Malawi. 4 Chinese used court order to enter Malawi 
I was told Republicans were furious at anyone spreading Chinese government propaganda  …
that poor chinese man the doctor who tried to warn everyone that they killed. sad. just trying to do the right thing.
They brought in 100,000 Chinese workers, many from Wuhan, and many of whom went home for the Chinese new year. When this broke out one of their virtue signalling lefty Mayors introduced a hug a Chinese person day. Because he didn't want their feelings to be hurt.  …
GOOD NEWS FROM HIGH RANKING INTELLIGENCE CONNECTION: Chinese researchers say flu drug effective against COVID-19  …
Had the UK remained in the EU through the Chinese Virus, We the people of the UK would Now be responsible for the debts of EU27, and for bailing out a already dying EU. The bailout would cost the UK people £Trillions yearly for decades. Thank heaven we left, and for Nigel Farage.  …
China’s Ambassador to South Africa praises 2016 Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for her pointed criticism of President Trump for his referring to Coronavirus as the Chinese virus.  …
As disgusting as I think it is to eat dogs and live frogs and live baby mice and bats and shit like that, Chinese have been doing that shit for thousands of years. I think the source of this highly contagious virus is probably elsewhere.
SCE has clocked a decline of 2.53% since the first case of coronavirus was reported in the country. The Chinese market index, stood at 2,962 on December 25, five days before China reported several cases of an unknown virus to WHO. Currently, the SCE stands at 2,887.
She is on their side and against us. Chinese Ambassador Lauds Hillary Clinton’s Attack on President Trump: ‘Justice Always Speak Loudly’  …
and how could a French treetment work on a chinese virus.....??
#China state media report a Chinese vaccine is being tested on humans. Volunteers from the epicenter Wuhan between ages of 18-60 have received the injection. ( #China has indicated it wants to win the global race for a #coronavirus vaccine.)  …
I’m not at all trying to diminish the lives lost from this Chinese Virus. However..... Would it kill the media to report how many people all over the world are still alive??? Literally BILLIONS of us!!!
Did anyone else hear the #OrangBuffoon in Washinton's speech earlier? Yet again, first mention of Covid-19 was ""the Chinese virus" His behaviour is more disgusting by the day
In other words, you don't have to turn yourself into a running dog for the  in order to criticize Trump.  …
A lot of Irish  seems to consist of eulogising various characters from Leo Varadkar, through Simon Harris to Ryan Tubridy for what they say, rather than what they do, demonising Trump & Boris Johnson, while ignoring the role of the Chinese Communist Party.
This Chinese jacky is super talented The edit is insane Cr 喊喊ChEese Weibo  … #100WaysWithJackson #100WAYS #100wayschallenge #百WAYS #JacksonWang 
Beijing's media strategy is to claim the virus originated with American soldiers visiting China. Few beyond the CCP will believe this. But a credulous and woke Western media insists even mentioning the Chinese origins of the pandemic is ‘racist’.  …
I can assure you I have been ringing this bell at great cost since China started to supply research labor to our US labs in the 1980s. The national concern with Chinese threats has nothing to do with Trump. Stop focusing on that guy.
Being half Asian and easily mistaken for 100% white makes people drop their guard to start dropping “Asian/Chinese” hate. and I’m just like, alright noted...
I hear the "just the flu" Bros have discovered cytokine storms I remember when the videos of Chinese collapsing in the streets were fake Now it's Boeing workers collapsing on the production line
Italy, in the North, has many factories/workshops manufacturing leather goods. In recent years these have been taken over by Chinese and there is a vast Chinese population there. Many will have gone back home for their New Year celebrations, bringing back the virus. Beginnings
 is shameful Sen Cornyn. We cannot blame Trump or the Chinese for the virus. The crisis we have in the United States is due to the RESPONSE to the virus. That is where Donald J. Trump failed miserably. Firing the pandemic team, waiting 2 months to respond.Get real.
London's @V_and_A may be temporarily closed, but you can still explore its incredible collection online Feast your eyes on years of human creativity - from ancient Chinese ceramics to breathtaking Alexander McQueen dresses  
Just a reminder -there is no reason to call #COVID19 the "Chinese virus". We didn't call the 2009 pandemic strain of influenza the "North American flu". This is a time for solidarity, not name-calling.
"It is clear that Chinese Communist Party officials are using Twitter to disseminate propaganda in the midst of a dangerous global crisis." 
CHINA INVENTED THE VIRUS China hid the virus China spread the virus China lied about the virus But we can’t call it the Chinese virus?
Chinese Ambassador Lauds Hillary Clinton’s Attack on President Trump: ‘Justice Always Speak Loudly’  …
THEY MUST FIGURE WITH ALL THE TECHNOLOGY HER HUSBAND GAVE THEM IT MIGHT BE GOOD TO CURRY HER FAVOR JUST IN CASE: Communist China Thanks Hillary Clinton For Her Support After She Accuses Trump of Using "Racist Rhetoric" For Saying "Chinese Virus"  …
Ora, ora... Chinese Tycoon Who Criticized Xi’s Response to Coronavirus Has Vanished - The New York Times  …
#ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied and if people don’t know that they’re the dumb asses like CNN/MSM who defend while worrying about offending The Chinese Communist Party with active concentration death camps
This is more than one death every 2 minutes. If you still think the numbers published by the Chinese Government are real, then you’re a fool.  …
When CNN Is Going To Learn That There Is NO "Chinese Fobia" With Chinese-Americans CNN Kyung Lah Tells Jake Tapper That While Preparing For Her Life Shot, A Man Used An Anti-Asian Slur Against Her.  …
Kansas official: Pandemic isn’t a problem here because there are few Chinese people  …
Any journalist repeating the claim that Italy's figures are higher than China's believing that  out of the Chinese government is reliable and credible needs to self-isolate for a while.  …
WATCH: Last Month A Chinese Network Sent a Chinese Man To Hug Italians To Fight Against 'Xenophobia" and "Racism" (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
Vice President Pence said that he and Mrs Pence will be tested for the Chinese Virus later today. Media: 
‘Speaks VOLUMES!’ Chinese ambassador praises Hillary Clinton for standing up for China against Trump criticism 
Is it possible that constant liberal gum flapping and spewing by the likes of Deblasio, Cuomo, Pelosi, Inslee, Schiff, Nadler and AOC is somehow spreading the Chinese virus? It seems that their own home towns are the epicenters.
Chinese medical team to Iraq shares experiences of fighting COVID-19 in UNAMI. 
Sayyed #Nasrallah called #Trump an “honorless racist nonhuman” for referring to #COVIDー19 as the “ #Chinese virus” 
4 Chinese use court order to enter Malawi* Frank Namangale, THE NATION A High Court judge on Thursday ordered the Department of Immigration not to deport four Chinese nationals upon their arrival in the country.  … #covid19 #malawi 
The Philadelphia Police Department halted the issuance of concealed carry permits this week after the unit that processes the permit was shut down amid Chinese coronavirus concerns. 
Under Xi, the Chinese political system is  ever more closed—making the service provided by the foreign press corps even more valuable. @JEPomfret discusses the implications of China’s decision to expel some American 
This is what happens when your lefty leaders tell you that calling the Wuhan virus just that was racist and instead go out and hug a Chinese person. They literally asked their citizens to embrace their deaths.  …
Just watch This Chinese soldier receiving injection 
"Chinese virus." What is wrong with this guy?
I know it’s a silly question but I’m tired of the CHINESE VIRUS tweets so let’s show @realDonaldTrump some love Who’s with me? Raise your hand & retweet 
The favorable treatment many Asians who aren't Chinese enjoy in the US is a result of your home countries supporting US imperialism. Read about your country's UN voting record, support of IMF loans, US weapons deals, etc. You are not innocent. Your country has blood on its hands.
Chinese asset 
Names matter. Calling COVID-19 a "Chinese virus" normalizes prejudice, shifts blame for a catastrophically bad pandemic response and escalates a new Cold War at a time when the world needs solidarity most. Up now at @PeoplesWorld and  …
To  & at times cooperate with China in the 21st century, we need sober, data-driven analysis of Chinese Communist Party motivations & behavior (as Kennan taught about the Soviets in the early days of the Cold War). Accurate diagnostics will shape better policy.
Original team of the Oculodentavis respond to criticisms, recognize the likely lepidosaurian nature of the specimen (in Chinese):  …
The American Virus can’t stop calling it the Chinese Virus.
Yes, the EU will miss our (now) £20 billion and VAT each year. But It's hard to imagine the colossal bailout figure the people of the UK would be responsible for, to keep the dying EU afloat after this terrible time of Chinese virus if we had not left the EU. Thank heaven we did.  …
Italy needs more supports. China sent 40,000 doctors and nurses to save Wuhan City. Now there are 300 Chinese doctors in Italy, but far from enough; language is also a problem. Other EU countries should do more; to save Italy is to save yourselves!
China must be held accountable for their coverup. There’s no telling how many lives will be lost, and how many people will lose jobs. All thanks to the lies of the Chinese Communist Government. We need to expel Chinese nationals from our university system. We need action!
Calling a virus after it’s country of origin is not racist. People thinking that all Asian folks have it because they look “Chinese” is racist. Thanks  to my ted talk.
In January he said it was no problem, then it was a Chinese lie and then a trick, then it was a democratic hoax and now he says he knew it was a pandemic all along. Then why the hell didn't he do something before now? He is a dangerous liar.  …
This is bad for Malawi people.. Chinese has used Court order to enter Malawi without been Corona check up.. And the Malawian judicial has allowed this... Without tested Full story  … #malawi #CoronavirusOutbreak #Malawicorruptjudicial #covid19
“We’re all one big beautiful American family now...” Donald Trump on how all of the political parties in the United States are getting along now. He then uses the phrase Chinese virus.
Don't trust the Chinese numbers. 
The fact that he’s  moron makes me not want to listen to him. The fact that he continues on with his racism by calling it the Chinese virus makes me not listen to him at all. It’s too much. He doesn’t take it seriously everytime he rambles on like a drunk racist.
Of course he can't resist saying Chinese virus, so let's call out #TrumpVirus .
Public approval of how POTUS is handling the Chinese Wuhan Kung Flu has sharply increased to 55%... MSM is crediting "Trump's shift in tone". But anyone paying attention can see that it's more likely the MEDIA'S shift in tone on reporting the facts over their need to bash Trump.  …
This jackass is STILL using the racist branding "Chinese Virus" during a nationally broadcast briefing, while Asian Americans are being attacked. I'm so sick of his bullshit.
I spoke too soon. Trump referred to the "Chinese virus" about 5 minutes into Saturday's briefing. 
As Chinese, I am sincerely & deeply sorry. However, in China, we don't have the right to vote, no free of speech, no rule of law. The Chinese Communist Party has enslaved & Abduction us for 70yrs. Hope we can overturn this evil regime ASAP  the world AMuchAP. 
The real problem is that this wet market industry is not how the majority of Chinese consume their food. But  controlled by a local triad that pays the CCP in order to continue its activity. The counterpart is keeping the most fragile fringes "fed" 8/
Between November 2002 and July 2003, an outbreak of SARS in southern China caused 774 deaths. In late 2017, Chinese scientists traced the virus through the intermediary of civets to cave-dwelling horseshoe bats in Yunnan province. 7/
U.S. PRESIDENT: WE REACHED AN AGREEMENT WITH CANADA AND MEXICO TO WORK TO CURB THE SPREAD OF THE "CHINESE VIRUS"
HE DID IT AGAIN! HE CALLED IT THE CHINESE VIRUS! THERE ARE NO WORDS FOR WHAT DESCRIBES THIS MONSTER!
He called it the Chinese virus again.
That lasted about 1 minute. He’s already called it the Chinese virus again.  …
I crack up every time Trump says "Chinese virus"
Two things can be simultaneously true. 1) The Chinese government screwed up by suppressing information about the virus and the danger it posed. 2) The Trump Administration screwed up by ignoring the many experts imploring them to take the coronavirus more seriously much sooner.
Trump says he's working with governors who ask him for stuff. Well, the point of a president is to lead in a unifyied way. "Chinese virus"
For the first time in four days, Trump refrained from referring to the coronavirus as the "Chinese virus" at the beginning of the press conference on Saturday 
Trump begins by talking about "our war against the virus," this time omitting his usual "Chinese."
The MSM & Liberal Dems R the Scum of the Earth to blame #ChinaVirus & everything on Trump In hopes that DemonRats will win! If the Chinese would of done the RIGHT thing to begin with NONE of what we R experiencing will be happening across the world!  …
#TrumpLiesPeopleDie EARLY SIGNS OF THE CHINESE VIRUS DIARRHEA HILLARY HAS IT 
“Taiwanese #CoastGuard reported Chinese speed boat rammed one of their cutters on Mar 16. Incident, in which 10 Chinese boats were involved, was seemingly about fishing rights... may be a significant escalation when both countries are fighting pandemic.”  …
Communist China Thanks @HillaryClinton For Her Support After She Accuses @realDonaldTrump of Using “Racist Rhetoric” For Saying “Chinese Virus”  …
The guy who thinks the virus holds a Chinese passport, and who wanted to use the flu vaccine against SARS CoV2 ,is now touting non-proven medication regimens via twitter during a pandemic. This is both absurd and reckless. Please take it down @jack @TwitterSupport 
Government websites are crashing because so many people are applying online for unemployment. It happened in Oregon. The Chinese are at war with us and they are winning.
Chinese President Xi Jinping expresses support to France, Germany, Spain and Serbia in their fight against #COVID19. In his messages to leaders of the four countries, Xi also highlights solidarity, coordination, and the building of   health for 
Philip Stephens argues the "national interests" of #China and the #US "are one."  definitely do not believe this to be the case. They are using the #coronavirus pandemic to undermine America and assert their rule over the  …
Worse than that, @WHO blocked Taiwan from participating in their coronavirus outbreak response on direct orders from the Chinese government  …
The Chinese gov. let the small people eat whatever they could as long as it kept them from asking for food from Beijing. The Gov. went further and organized what is known as "wet markets". In 1988, The Gov declared wild animals "Natural Resources" 3/
Maybe we should start calling MAGA hats “Chinese hats” since that’s where they originated from. 
Yesterday when I was spiraling about all of the anti-Chinese racism, C took my phone and put it away & put on some nocturnes & made me a cocktail & gave me my copy of Anna Karenina to read; what a hero
Should we declare war on China Hundreds of Chinese migrants detained at US border amid coronavirus-tied travel ban  #FoxNews
My Caronavirus response so far: - called it a Democrat HOAX! - called it FLU! - said victims could go to WORK! - said 15 US cases would soon be ZERO! - PRETENDED I'd bought enough tests/equipment! - BLAMED the Chinese! - REFUSED to let Iran buy testing kits! #TrumpLiesPeopleDie
China’s ambassador cheered Hillary Clinton for advancing the Chinese Communist Party’s official line about the coronavirus not being a “Chinese virus”. How pathetic and unAmerican for this character  …
Kevin doesn't need to be sorry for what the CCP has done. The Chinese people are not responsible for the CCP or the #CCPVirus. By speaking out, he is bringing the end of the CCP closer. Thank you,  …
Now @HillaryClinton can add Communist China’s plaudits to her expanding resume. Chinese Communists just can’t get enough of her criticism of @realDonaldTrump !  …
Spike Lee slams Donald Trump's management of the coronavirus crisis: "Stop saying Chinese virus."  
Why doesn't Chinese Communist government blame Mars too? No matter what, we all know it's China's government turning the virus into pandemic. Shameful regime! 
EDITORIAL | Viral untruths I: No one should be too shy to say: The Chinese Communist Party dictatorship disastrously botched in its handling of the initial Wuhan outbreak. A coverup cost precious time and countless lives. 
Jan. 14: WHO announces Chinese authorities have seen "no clear evidence of human-to-human transmission of the novel coronavirus." 
The #lockdown  They’ll lock us into our houses, close down businesses & intern dissenters before they’ll ban flights with Chinese or Italians landing in Dublin. Ireland is the globalist’s Titanic. #Covid19Ireland 
The man who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the man who is trying to do it. ~ Chinese Proverb
I plan to watch President @realDonaldTrump's Chinese coronavirus task force briefing on @OANN How about you?
given the number of chinese doctors who have flown over to Italy to help, Trump's sinophobia looking even worse than it already did
By blaming all ethnic Chinese people for the virus, Inty showed his ambition to use the world to attack the Chinese people instead of CCP. Inty is a betrayer of Chinese and Uyghur and an extremist! #CCPVirus 
To all the geniuses who can't call it the Chinese virus But still refer to Chinese Food as Chinese Food Is there a Chinatown near you? 
Chinese Ambassador Applauds Hillary Clinton For Spreading Communist Propaganda | The Daily Caller  …
It is time for China  forward and tell the world how they controlled coronavirus. Chinese should share their experience with all countries indiscriminately
Funny...and I’ve tested this...but people who thinks it’s hilarious to call COVID-19 “the Chinese virus” and “the Kung Flu” get pretty pissed when you call it a Boomer Remover. I thought y’all didn’t like to be PC
President Trump moved quickly and decisively to be the first country to block entry into the US by the Chinese. He saved thousands (perhaps hundreds of thousands) of lives by his fast response. Media's response: Was it "Thank you Mr. President?" No - it was "RACIST, RACIST"
'Hard to Believe' now online for free to help people understand how the Chinese Communist Party handles the healthcare system in China. This will help us understand the Chinese regime's mishandling of #coronavirus. Worth watching.  via @YouTube
There was apprehension at the Ikoyi office of the Nigerian Immigration Service after a Chinese woman fell down and started vomiting. The incident led to  at the office as passport seekers and workers ran away.  …
The Chinese Virus attacks many with "Underlying" conditions... 
Fearful of seeming racist, the Mayor of Florence told Italians to “stem the hatred” by hugging Chinese people. At once, Coronavirus exploded in Italy. PC isn't just dumb, it's deadly.  …
Chinese women angry because the man was taking his serving customers and kick over meat stand 
It looks like the initial Chinese study was correct. And it looks like the virus doesn't understand that sex is a social construct. This virus is transphobic.  …
Chinese cinemas plan to re-release past box office hits as a way to revitalise box office revenue after being closed for two months. Hit films such as The Wandering Earth and Wolf Warrior II included. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone will also get a 4K 3D re-release. 
Here's the livestream of today's Chinese Virus briefing!  
The Chinese Red Cross shipped 30 tons of medical equipment along with nine Chinese medical staff to assist with preventing and controlling the virus. 
The Chinese don't care about racism. They know westerners do. Hence they game them. Pretty sure western media is in on it. I highly highly doubt western media is truly "free" press. And by that I don't mean that the home government is the one controlling them.  …
Chinese Ambassador Applauds Hillary Clinton For Spreading Communist Propaganda  …
#China firmly supports Germany's endeavor  #COVID_19 and is willing to provide assistance within its capacity if there is a need from the German side, said Chinese President #XiJinping 
'i am a chinese not a virus.' sounds like something corona would say.  …
‘It is true’: Chinese ambassador backs Hillary Clinton tweet criticizing Trump’s ‘racist rhetoric’  …
HarvNats want you to respect the ancient Judaic cultural practice of the casting couch, but god forbid you have a nuanced opinion on the Chinese.
The red seal imprints both have the same six seal script Chinese characters: 輔國安民之寶 Fǔguó ānmín zhībǎo ("Precious seal of the upholder of the State and the purveyor of peace to the People"). 
I wonder how many times we have eaten Chinese buffet, if any of the meat we have had was bat. Some of the so called chicken didn’t look like any chicken I have ever seen. Just wondering..
Chinese isn’t a race, it’s a nationality. China lied, and people died. Merica 
We import $540 billion a year from China. $2 trillion(!!!) is being mentioned related to the stimulus portion of the response to the Chinese #WuhanCoronavius I say we need to #MakeChinaPay - with 35% tariffs we can recoup most of our losses over the next decade. Who agrees?
Sadly, most egregiously. the historically wicked,  government of China (not the good Chinese people) caused this now world-wide #CoronavirusPandemic. They absolutely MUST be held accountable, period. Watch. Pray for . Pray for . 
I’ve never experienced this much hatred towards Chinese people. This makes me sick to my stomach. On my walk to Lauvs concert, I literally got death stared at because I choked on my own saliva... so i was coughing . I can’t go about my day without thinking what people will do to
A letter from Arghun, Khan of the Mongol Ilkhanate, to Pope Nicholas IV, 1290, now in the Archivio Segreto Vaticano. The letter is in Mongolian script, the seals are in Chinese. See Mostaert/Cleaves, "Trois documents mongols...", in Harvard Journal of Asiatic Studies, 15, 1952. 
This tweet is from January 14. The Chinese authorities by then already *knew* that COVID-19 was spreading like wildfire, yet they were publicly denying that it can be spread among humans in the first place. And guess what, the World Health Organization took their word for it.  …
WOWSurely we’re not borrowing from the Chinese to get this package??? Senate coronavirus relief package now tops $2 trillion 
Chinese army paying salute to the doctors who worked hard in wuhan infighting against 
can you believe the first reaction my very Chinese mom gave when i told her i chose Yale was disappointment i didn’t choose Stanford
Our ancestors were labelled Brahminical opressors becoz: They laid provisions for bathing (Gautama Dharma Sutra) Washing Mouth (Manu Smriti) Cleaning Teeth (Atharva Veda) Prohibiting Overeating (Manu Smriti) Diet control Chinese pilgrim acclaimed us hygeinic people for same  …
That's not a  Italy's first two cases (Jan 30th) were a Chinese couple who were isolated and didn't spread.  transmission didn't begin until Feb 20th. If you count 21 days from there, then Italy had 12,462 cases, not 79.  …
This isn’t the first time the Chinese Communist Party has lied to the world  …
Britain’s Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rishi Sunak, urged employers not to lay off workers in sectors largely closed down by the Chinese coronavirus outbreak sector, promising to fund 80 per cent of workers’ pay if bosses put staff on furlough instead. 
This is a problem. What say you, White House Press? “Chinese Envoy Refuses to Apologize for Beijing's Initial 'Cover Up'” ⁦  …
We don't need an aid from Commies or Chinese because we definitely have self respect, self reliance and honor. These nations lack the resources. Neither we are idiots to not know that foreign aid has caveats. You clearly seem to be on someone's payroll or your mind is sick. 
Don’t forget that he also invited the Chinese to America after the virus had already broken out to sign a phony trade deal on January 15, 2020. Back when they ALREADY KNEW a pandemic  Why invite them in? Where was Xi for the big occasion? 
Just out of curiosity, what does Chinese Koolaid taste like?  …
Imagine this: Back in 2008, You would have been .00000001 more likely to keep your doctor than to die of the Coronavirus. As sh*tty as Obama was, there was still a better chance at keeping your doctor than of dying of the Chinese virus. Don't fight science.
1/ My flight from Singapore to Shanghai is 80% Chinese passengers. It's easy to identify Chinese from other nationals because they do self-protection in the next level: 100% wear masks(so are other nationals), 10-20% wear goggles, 5% wear protective clothing, some even gloves.. 
"It is true." @HillaryClinton received backup from a Chinese ambassador, after she criticized @realDonaldTrump for using "racist rhetoric" to refer to the coronavirus. "Justice always speak 
The point is to counter the hysterical Chinese propaganda you are pumping out. @JoyAnnReid @MSNBC @chrislhayes @maddow @Lawrence @GarrettVentry @KatiePavlich @JoeNBC  …
JUST IN: Trump Organization gets a new Chinese patent on “Dr. Donald’s ‘Corona-gone’™ snake oil elixir.” Drive-through medicine  soon to a retailer near you! 
China Lied, People Died If you do not like 'Chinese Virus', then instead of 'Chinese' should it not be: •Wuhan food •Wuhan checkers •Wuhan language •Wuhan Dragon •Made in Wuhan •Wuhan embassy •Wuhan restaurant •Wuhan Duck •Wuhan virus . @marklevinshow . 
Any doubt whose side the Communist Chinese Party is on?  …
Janurary 11th Chinese scientists posted COVID19 genome. Week later virologists in Berlin had test. WHO produced test, South Korea was mass testing, but not us? We reported cases at same time with South Korea. Trump’s delay in testing, rhetoric will cost American lives, economy
We Are in This Crisis Because of the Decisions of the Chinese Government  …
I scoured the MSM news sites, alt news sites, & every other news source I could think of I found no credible reports of anyone of Chinese origin or descent being attacked or even harassed The MSM just makes shit up, & liberal morons swallow it hook, line, & Sinker
The Chinese gov’t - which currently denies having any new COVID19 cases - also denied the existence of its Muslim prison camps. I didn’t believe them then, and don’t believe them now.
Did these people not go on that cruise ship after COVID-19 broke Chinese borders and started heading West? Did they not board this cruise at the beginning of MARCH? Did they make ANY attempt to return home early? 
Chinese Ambassador Lauds Hillary Clinton's Attack on President Trump: ‘Justice Always Speak Loudly’ The fact  countries love her and Americans don’t, tells you everything you need to know about her. #DemocratsHateAmerica  …
Chinese inquiry exonerates coronavirus whistleblower doctor  … “ This week it delivered its report, finding that Li had not disrupted public order, and that he was a professional who fought bravely and made sacrifices”
Are you talking about the Chinese Virus or the China Virus?  …
Mix it up for dinner tonight with this ginger-sesame chicken and bok choy Rink Side Recipe! This healthy spin on Chinese takeout is prepared by @EMP180WL.  
Governor Cuomo touts the potential of HydroxyChloroquine in treating the Chinese Virus — the same drug @realDonaldTrump has hailed and fast-tracked! This could save lives!
A Hollywood movie based on the truth about the coronavirus will never be made. China has bought out Hollywood. They’ll restrict access to the Chinese market. We’re dealing with the greatest global menace since Nazi Germany. CCP China eclipses the Soviet Union.
The Youtube influencer Inty has gone rogue. By blaming all ethnic Chinese people for the virus, he showed his ambition to use the world to attack the Chinese people instead of CCP. He is acting like a terrorist and his intention is no less than a genocide. 
Why would Zinc be selling out online? If I remember correctly I brought up Zinc as well as Vitamin C & Enzymes to remedy the Coronavirus. Here we are w/ millions of US citizens losing their JOBS over a Chinese Virus that has same symptoms, risk factors and remedies as the flu.  …
“Conspiracy theory” she says You tell that to the brave Chinese men who lost their lives trying to warn the world of this virus Its remarkable how the left is going out of their way to protect the genocidal Chinese govt. that currently has 2million Muslims in concentration camps 
If this is real, then the Chinese government should be dismantled & dismembered..... Communists don’t change no matter how much time passes or how much “capitalism” you pour in... 
It's true people are saying why he's calling it chinese virus yet it is one. China put all of the world in danger of an pandemic. 
From Sheila! Post this all over Facebook, Twitter, Instagram .ps -I eat Chinese Food, Korean Food, I don't like Thai food (too sweet) does not mean I don't like Thai people. I eat Italian Food, Spanish Rice, Mexican Food (and they should close the border) None of these are racist  …
Is 9am too early to eat Chinese food and watch Evil Dead?
3 patients from Italy 2 Chinese from the Spallazani Hospita Roma &one italian 80 years old men from Bologna Hospital been cure from COVID19 with the Ebola vaccine ...lets hope
#CoronavirusPandemic In other news Malawian government had  4 Chinese which tested positive for coronavirus and said we can't chase away investors: they put the whole nation of Malawi at risk and the entire continent of Africa: We all knows its corruption 
why did I read this in the voice of the chinese dude from South Park
Not to be Mormon on main, but why were all the bros who went Spanish speaking to generally English-speaking missions so HYPE about speaking a different language, but if your mission had Chinese- or Viet- or Hmong-speaking or like ASL elders, they were chill?
Should be named CCP Virus, Actually Chinese Communities Party -CCP is truly devil and the enemy to the world. Chinese people are victims, they’ve been slaved and brainwashed 70yrs long by CCP.
I am full of fury at the Dems, Chelsea, and the media. When President Donald Trump (who brilliantly defeated Hillary for the presidency) courageously blocked the Chinese from our borders & saved many American lives, instead of thanking him, Chelsea and Libs called him a racist.  …
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio (D) announced that the city now has 3,615 positive cases of the Chinese coronavirus and 22 deaths. 
@BorisJohnson . Please rethink the Huawei deal... The Chinese knew about the Co-vid19 risk in November 2019, they're not to be trusted. The electorate would be very concerned if this deal goes ahead
3. Trump: ''The Chinese virus? It's a Democrat ploy to stop my re-election. It will be down to zero cases under my Presidency.'' #COVIDIOT 
Russia is reporting that the USA started the #coronavirus by using USA special forces to infect Chinese nationals. WTF!
I’ll release my beard oil after the Chinese Virus crisis. It will be 10x cheaper and BETTER than what’s available now (because I make my own and as you can see, it works) and all profit will be divided equally and donated to @HopeForPaws and a children’s hospital. Stay  …
— Chinese pandas already gathered 20million krw in preparation for  — K-Pandas is doing warm up for streaming event tonight and on March 28 — Pandas also being ready for the voting
. @CNN . @CNNPolitics CHINESE NEWS NETWORK ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE ENEMY OF AMERICA THIS IS ONE BUSINESS THAT HAS TO SHUT DOWN FOR EVER!!  …
Chinese propaganda gleefully regurgitated by our MSM... 
The last thing we need is a video of Rosie O' Donnell dancing. Isn't the Chinese Virus causing enough suffering?  …
And North Korea hasn’t had one death. Why is it @CNN (Chinese News Netwok) believe  countries tell them.
Have you heard the virus came from a US soldier? You've been in contact with a massive propaganda campaign by the Chinese who mishandled the coronavirus crisis from the beginning. Former China diplomat @MHendersonHJS explains the truth behind COVID 19:  
Love the gratitude in this poem sent to ⁦ @BeckyBlank⁩ by a parent of one of our Chinese students. Appreciate how hard this time is for all especially our international students and families. 
Come si scrive Marshall in cinese?  …
Maddow is a monster. Those likes for her videos are from thousands of Chinese bots. Remember how she pushed the failed Russia collusion narrative? #FakeNews
FYI: covid-19 likely started in bats, was transferred to an intermediary animal and then was transferred to humans at a “wet market” where there are live animals for purchase. not from chinese people eating bats!
Just over three months after the genome sequence of the novel #Coronavirus was shared by Chinese researchers, an mRNA vaccine is being tested at Seattle in a Phase-1 clinical trial on 45 healthy volunteers over a period of approximately six weeks. 
Yeah people do care about her selling classified military tech to the Chinese...
So the Chinese govt.; 1. secretly incubated a virus while lying to the world that it didn’t exist. 2. They killed whistleblowers who tried warn the world 3. The let millions of their sick people fly around the world to spread it Now fake media is painting them as the hero 
I shutter at the thought had she  president. Our country would be overrun by illegals and the Chinese virus would be killing millions as the healthcare system fails to treat them. A country would fall without leadership, thank God for Trump.
The Chinese Communist Party is officially promoting Hillary Clinton’s messages. Hillary is literally a Chinese propagandist. 
my mom just called me and told me that my grandmother is scared to leave her house because trump keeps calling it “the chinese virus” and she’s scared of getting beat up because she’s chinese i’m sad now
Chinese teenagers are preparing for exams which determine their future school 
Amen—thank God for Zoom & for its its Chinese immigrant founder @ericsyuan By the way, for those wondering if referring to COVID-19 as a “Chinese virus” is racist, ask yourself: do I refer to everything based on its origin (as in “Chinese videoconference call”)…or just viruses?  …
The China pandas have gathered a total of 120,555.69 Chinese Yuan (equivalent to 21million krw) in preparation to buy albums to support Apink’s  These albums won’t be shipped back to China. Note that during eungeung, they gathered a total of 117,000yuan (20mil)  …
[TRANS/VIP EP] Lisa asked to see 秧歌舞 from a trainee, a type of Chinese folk dance. After watching, Ella asked if she liked it and she said yes! She said she’s never seen a dance like this and it’s very new to her. 
It took fifteen takes for them to get a video without him saying “Chinese Virus”  …
China and the WHO's chief: Tedros colluded with China in every one of their missteps and covered up for them. From criticising travel restrictions on Chinese to calling China transparent. He must be made accountable.  …
Silent & Deadly: " IF Chinese authorities had acted 3 weeks earlier than they did, the number of coronavirus cases could have been reduced by 95% and its geographic spread limited." Thanks! 
Communist China Thanks Hillary Clinton For Her Support After She Accuses Trump of Using "Racist Rhetoric" For Saying "Chinese Virus"  …
"It is true." @HillaryClinton received backup from a Chinese ambassador, after she criticized @realDonaldTrump for using "racist rhetoric" to refer to the coronavirus. "Justice always speak 
Data from China Mobile Official Website shows sharp decrease of unsubscribed customers in Jan&Feb,the numbers reached 8M , the natural death toll each month in China is 1.5M, 8M-3M=5M, this number indicates about 5M people died of Chinese virus in two months in China.  …
anyone spreading this racist bullshit can catch these hands anyone claiming Canada isn't deeply, deeply racist can also catch these hands seriously if chinese virus or wuhan virus or kung-flu is in your vocab just go ahead and unfollow/block me.  …
Breaking in from sources. We are having some good  from the government probably by end of tomorrow. Embrace yourself for a lockdown. Stay safe. We are all prepared  this deadly Chinese virus. Let's make sure we don't go into 3rd phase.
What Does China Have on @JustinTrudeau ? He has Given Them; $245 mill to the Chinese Infrastructure Bank. 15 Tons of Canadian Emergency Medical Supplies Offshore Drilling Permits Unregulated, Chinese Owned and Solely run, Canadian Coal Mines. #TrudeauMustGo 
We are being inundated with Chinese propaganda on a daily basis and the WHO is enabling them and their despotic regime. We should be wary of trusting any international agency. We should look to our own interests and our own institutions now for guidance.
If a person is born in Italy and are then called Italian, is that racist? No! That would be their place of origin: the point or place where something begins, arises, or is derived. Coronavirus’ origin is China, hence, the Chinese virus. 
The CCP charged & imprisoned Doctors who first tried to warn the world about COVID19. Chinese Gov caused innumerable deaths due to their cover-up campaign & set the world back a month in preparedness. Criticize the US Gov, but not in the same breath as praising a regime far worse  …
Some people really be conflating the Chinese government/elite with the Chinese people as a whole. Yes, #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied... but consider who exactly lied and who was lied to.
If you discount these facts China was transparent and helpful: 1. Detained doctors who reported virus in December 2. Made doctors publicly retract their warnings 3. Censored Chinese social media for references of the virus ...
Jackson the third Chinese artist to reach 1ml followers on spotify @JacksonWang852 
#China has sent a team of medical experts to #Serbia to help the country fight novel #coronavirus disease ( #COVID_19), said Chinese Foreign Ministry on Saturday 
Can someone please explain to me why AZITHROMYCIN (drug approved already in use) also treats the flu, strep throat & other well known bacterial infections? I thought Chinese Virus or Coronavirus was not similar to the flu? Why does AZITHROMYCIN contain same properties of Zinc?
The godless Chinese Communist government and their willingness to lie to protect their regime worsened the crisis.  …
President @realDonaldTrump is right to call it the "Chinese virus." It is not racist to say so. It came from China & the Chinese government failed to respond, covered it up, and lied about it.
I will know the Chinese bio weapon theory has gone mainstream when my father-in-law emails me a scanned copy of an article about it from one of his Boomer papers.
It’s great to know that we avoided electing someone who sides with the  against America  …
On this date in 1964, #DeanMartin leaves his handprints and footprints at Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood. 
Apparently I'm a white supremacist now because I refuse to follow along with Chinese Communist propaganda that is designed to absolve themselves of blame for this pandemic. What say you about Asians calling it the Wuhan virus?   …
Wonderful to see the Good President praise an anti-immigrant bigot while the Bad President is lashing out at Chinese people  …
Per @FoxNews Italy had the info late last year. From presumably Italian intel, though not clear in the article. (At the time when the Chinese doctor WB was trying to raise the alarm and was silenced).
I remain an admirer of the hardworking Chinese immigrants who maintain this site, the most up-to-date and detailed source of info on coronavirus trends in the US 
DON’T FORGET, the presumptive Democrat nominee for the presidency has a son with still unsatisfying explanations for his significant business ties to  Chinese government. This is a fact, and it matters, A LOT, given the current situation we’re in.
Wow. Trudeau doing a bit of a call out on Trump’s “Chinese Virus” bullshit a bit eh?  …
We need solidarity, not divisiveness, when dealing with #coronavirus. That’s why it’s important to talk about why the use of “Chinese virus” is harmful and wrong.  …
Also, "the Chinese" are not some sad minority class. You don't see Russian checkmarks crying about the dems constantly blaming them for election losses. China is a powerful country and SHOULD be criticized, just like any other powerful country.
This raving psychopath is bent out of shape because they shutdown his favorite all-you-can-eat Chinese Buffet. Sour pork Mike.  …
I won’t share my personal experiences with xenophobia & racism since COVID-19 on Twitter bc I think it will target me more, but I will say this: The anti-Chinese rhetoric from politicians will impact Asian Americans longer than the virus & that scares me.
Treasonous Hillary Clinton is disrespectful to our President and People. #coronavirusconspiracy Communist China Thanks Hillary Clinton For Her Support After She Accuses Trump of Using "Racist Rhetoric" For Saying "Chinese Virus"  … via @gatewaypundit
A man in Kenya suspected of suffering from the Chinese coronavirus was beaten to death by a group of youths on Thursday as he made his way home. 
Sturgeon has squandered reserves on £27m 'free' Babyboxes full of Chinese tat, unintelligible Gaelic branding and other Sturgeon vanity projects leaving £20 a head  
Are you talking about the Chinese Virus that started in China? Or are you talking about the China Virus that the Chinese Communists lied about and killed thousands in China and around the world?
so fucking proud of him for teaching korean to his fellow chinese bruh YOU LEARNED THAT NOW YOU’RE TEACHING IT 
Truly disturbing. Even in the midst of a crisis, the Chinese government still forces its citizens to pledge themselves to the state. The people of China should be free from this cult like behaviour.  …
Dear Chinese When you've Schezwan Chicken in your cuisine Why you tried horrible creatures & have Quarantined all of us... Schezwan chicken by yours Truly.... 
Chinese propaganda using Hillary’s tweets to blame @realDonaldTrump for the #coronavirus goes to show their desperation in not taking the blame for the  …
Communist China Thanks Hillary Clinton For Her Support After She Accuses Trump of Using "Racist Rhetoric" For Saying "Chinese Virus"  … via @gatewaypundit
The Chinese Embassy in Australia condemns discrimination against Chinese people related with #COVID19 in Australia, after two Chinese students from University of Tasmania were abused on the street. One of them was even attacked on Thursday due to #coronavirus 
There Chinese Canadian got expelled from supermarket because of wearing masks. 
Calling covid-19 the “Chinese virus” is bullshit. So is a racism lecture from the state news agency of China, whose botched first take lit the covid-19 fuse, thanks to the typical authoritarian reflex to suppress and oppress whistle blowers. See also: Uygur detention camps  …
“Be careful with authorities who shut up things”: Yoweri Museveni. Off a Chinese doctor that first spoke of COVID19. I am so proud the president has brought this up. We’ve had far too many here who want us to shut up because we point out things that need govt attention. Bravo M7
A "Chinese virus"? The labeling of novel #coronavirus by some U.S. politicians is condemned as racial stigmatization. 
Public figures are pushing back on anti-asian sentiment as Trump continues to call Covid-19 the "Chinese virus" 
I LOVE all the memes regarding Chinese virus measures. It tells me that people are keeping their sense of humor and taking this well. We have no idea how blessed we all are, how good we have it. We find out what we're made of, during tough times. Be a blessing today!!
The trump administration knew in January and did EXACTLY what the Chinese did. They should be held accountable as well!
islamic twitter when they found out the virus wasn't sent to punish the chinese  …
I was just thinking The Chinese want Joe Biden in the White House because they can blackmail him over his son’s crooked financial dealings.
Nancy Pelosi was emphasizing that everyone needs a test for the Chinese virus I don't trust anything she wants
2/n This fake news is from the handle of @priyagupta999 "This morning the #Chinese saw this creature going into the sky...they believe it’s a sign that #Corona will now be leaving the World"  …
The Chinese Communist Party, Russia, Iran, and bad actors around the world are spreading misinformation and lies about the Coronavirus.  …
before the wyf scandal she also used to be known as Lu Yi (鹿依) and her english name is Luna so you might see her listed as 'Luna Qin' if you're not sure, you can screenshot it and show me and i'll see if i can clear it up for you cuz I can read Chinese
1/ My mom is a mail carrier for the US postal service. I'm worried sick about her everyday not only because of COVID19 but the increasing attacks on Asians based on the stigma caused by the "Chinese Virus". She told me "now that the government will give out checks, my job .. 
I’m sure this will be international news, just like it was international racism news when a few White people reportedly keept their distance to a few that might have been Chinese tourists.  …
After the Chinese Flu panic has died down, a mass flight to gold will not be unlikely. Even if there were, manufacture, verification and transport problems hamper its spread. Billions of people will probably not use gold coins  money. They could however, use Bitcoin. 
Letter from China A Chinese friend I met at Duke University in North Carolina and later visited in Shanghai sent me an email some moments ago. She is sending me 100 masks to Germany. This is the solidarity the world needs. Not racism. #StayAtHome #Corona #Covid_19 
MAGA: It's the "Chinese" virus. Me: Why? MAGA: Because it originated there, and China covered it up and let it spread. It's all China's fault. Me: Then we should call it the "trump virus" b/c he covered it up & let it spread in the U.S. It's trump's fault. MAGA: *Crickets*
Taiwan Says It Warned @WHO About Coronavirus In December, But Its Warnings Were Ignored. WHO Weeks later: “Chinese authorities have found no clear evidence of human-to-human transmission of” Coronavirus.  …
For this couple, an impromptu wedding in the park with just 14 guests standing far apart. Instead of a honeymoon, the newlyweds planned "to go home and quarantine" and order Chinese delivery.  …
"listen to his President" as he -- makes up cures -- sidelines the experts -- scapegoats the Chinese -- denies the seriousness of the threat -- fails to secure masks, tests and ventilators
Tucker Carlson: Corrupt EB-5 Visa Selling U.S. Citizenship for Chinese  …
Bravo! After fighting off the virus at home, China now turns to helping the wider world. A Chinese plane with medical equipment will now land in the Czech Republic three times a week. 
Working together! Overseas Chinese deliver free face masks to locals amid the #coronavirus pandemic. 
Pandemonium as Chinese woman falls, starts vomiting at Nigerian Immigration Services in Lagos »  …
On Mar. 13 three leading Chinese experts held a video conference with over 300 US scientists & specialists to share experience on #COVID19. The know-how they shared will help save lives in the US. Virus is the REAL enemy! Cooperation is the only right way to win the  …
7.  The MSM is owned by foreign conglomerates (mostly Chinese).I am on-record discussing this in January 2016(and it was not new then) The networks,cable,Hollywood & Silicon Valley are thinly disguised satanic brain washing You MUST break the programming 
Chinese puppet boy @timkaine says the US is far behind other countries in the fight against China virus! If that's the case Mr Kaine why do we have one of the lowest death rates in the world? Stop defending China! They're the ones that caused this problem & covered up!
Dems and their servants in the media are trying to blame POTUS, rather than the Chinese, for the Coronavirus. The reality is that its the Dems who have done almost nothing - other than trying to overturn the 2016 Presidential election.
Good afternoon Zim Doctors. A doctor college-mate of mine from the US has asked me to share with you protocols & procedures on how the Chinese were managing the Coronavirus. This is reading material, you will know what is relevant to you. Find them here  …
Wuhan virus Chinese virus Corona virus Covid19 Conora sub corola ...That is the correct official name as approved by the Trident Queen; Tacha 
A huge misunderstanding about China’s zero growth of domestic COVID-19 case: That does NOT mean China’s elimination of domestic coronavirus infections. Based on Chinese criteria, asymptomatic COVID-19 carriers are NOT counted as confirmed cases. Here’re the details:
Chinese Ambassador Lauds Hillary Clinton's Attack on President Trump  …
My hospital is overrun with memos, usually countermanding the previous memos and a number of managers masquerading as headless chickens but, not with Chinese virus patients.
When Trump calls this pandemic the “Chinese Virus,” remember that it spread undetected because he took the word of China’s president over American intelligence.  …
It's time to review the dangers of China, in light of current events Their New Silk Road runs straight to Northern Italy, how's that for a coincidence, of course the media would never cover that THE CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY IS THE ENEMY OF THE WORLD Pray for China's people  …
Nobody will ever forget how the media acted while our country was in a crisis. No one will forget that while families were laid off, the media spent their time crying about Trump calling the virus the Chinese virus The working class families will never forget.
Increase in violence against Asian people as Trump has kept on calling the #coronavirus the "Chinese Virus". 
Both of you just f right off . Mr President doing phenomenal job? Chinese Ambassador Lauds Hillary Clinton's Attack on President Trump  …
If you’re a THINKER... so the Chinese praises Killery-could it be that one reason the Chinese DIDN’T tell us of coronavirus was they were trying to take out this hard negotiating President. Biden, Sanders and others would have caved What say you?  …
I wonder if that Chinese lady that's always calling has been trying to warn me but I just didn't understand.
Have any Chinese Communist Party officials caught the virus?
. @timkaine First China case corona virus Dec 1. They let it spread 4 wks, denying outbreak. Still denying cause, no. Chinese infected, no. dead. Their screw-up & lies are going to cost mils of lives. Your reaction: denigrate Trump for reffing China. No wonder your party is hated.
The biggest threat of the Chinese virus is that America became too dependent on China! That is the greatest of the many symptoms of this virus! @realDonaldTrump
He had to sign a confession and literally it got blasted across the Chinese internet in anger before censors shut it down but how's the temperature in the sand you stuck your head in  …
Rep. Judy Chu, the first Chinese-American woman elected to Congress, says President Trump’s use of the term “Chinese virus” is "dangerous": “He is creating more xenophobia every single time he does that”  
If i were a chinese in usa, i would buy a weapon to protect myself. Now USA is a dangerous country for chinese people. Protect yourself, we are worried for you. #China  …
Was thinking..if Chinese virus is racist , maybe we should call it the Schumer virus? He led the resistance to the Presidents attempts to contain the virus early on
Incredibly tragic how brave, Chinese citizen journalists are disappearing for reporting the truth about what China did to unleash this disaster, while American “journalists” & politicians are doing their best to assist China in their coverup.  …
Many Chinese, like @kevinlincareer, are on the frontline in the struggle against #China's assault on humanity. #ChineseVirus  …
Trump is correct! The virus came from China, they tried to cover it up and allowed millions to leave Wuhan =FACT #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied China Thanks HRC For Her Support After She Accuses Trump of Using “Racist Rhetoric” For Saying “Chinese Virus”  …
Are there any hospitals overrun with patients with the Chinese virus in the United States that any of you are aware of currently?
Obadiah Moyo, who is not a doctor, has announced one #COVID19 case of a Zimbabwean & withheld another of a Chinese man who came to Zimbabwe from the US; yet both were confirmed by Wilkins hospital this morning. He's pandering to Chinese interests & endangering Zimbabwean lives! 
“Blaming China for its epidemics may be an old Western prejudice, but many Chinese are more than ready to blame the Communist Party for suppressing public health information and closing ranks against the people.”  …
95% of Coronavirus out break could have been prevented if the Chinese had been honest with the world: But never one word of recrimination from the   
Sorry i don't understand why we should expect a *Chinese* businessman to aid India? Every country Ma promised aid to is way smaller in size, and arguably, capability.
Indeed! The one Chinese lady  with the quarantine measures, didn't spread the disease at all, and went back nicely cured! It's the citizens evading quarantine and similar morons who've gotten us to this level  …
Some Chinese guy looking at that now saying “mmmm Tasty”
Jeff Shi's gone a bit Cantona here and it feels poignant "As the ancient Chinese proverb says: ‘With the skin gone, what can the hair latch onto?’ - protecting our frontline health workers is to protect our club, families and our fans."
Although SA hasn’t reported any Covid-19 related deaths yet, but the below alarm by the head of a visiting Chinese Red Cross delegation helping Italy respond to the coronavirus crisis could have been directed to SA’s government too. Hear, hear, listen. 
Holy shit, it’s true. The mayor of Florence actually initiated a “hug a Chinese” campaign less than two months ago. Wokeness kills, folks.  …
Actually yes, Jon. I've gotten multiple raises, a promotion, energy prices are cheaper(even before oil plummeted), and unless you foolishly think the market won't quickly rebound once the Chinese Virus panic has abated, my 401k has benefitted as well.
Listen racist expert, call a black person the "N" word is racist. Calling a chinese person a "chink" is racist. Identifying a virus by country of Origin is not racist, its conventional nomenclature. No one is getting inspired to beat up chinese ppl based on Chinese Virus, getReal
8 tons of medical supplies provided by #China to #Greece after Athens' urgent request arrived Saturday morning at Athens international airport. The aid consists of 550,000 masks and sets of protective gear, according to Chinese embassy in Greece. 
'what failed in Europe is not liberal democracy but postcolonial arrogance. There was no lack of information, language ability, or time to learn what had happened in China. There was a lack of relating Chinese disasters to ‘us’' <powerful piece by @MariusMeinhof  …
Coronavirus crisis: Medical supply shortage traced to sudden drop in Chinese imports  
My podcast this week is all, you guessed it, coronavirus. Click link for deep dive into Chinese propaganda, and how the CCP lied to the world.  
The Chinese must use weapons to protect themselves in the USA. #covidusa 
english app is the one on the right, has full episodes with engsub (and other languages) but no previews for next episodes. chinese app is the one on the right, includes previews and sneak peaks. you can subscribe to vip for a special episode every sat! 
. @HillaryClinton praised for her service to Communist Chinese propaganda efforts  …
So wait, the west demonised China's quarantine for being authoritarian, demanded that their citizens break the chinese quarantine  home, and are now blaming China for the virus spreading outside of China  …
Funniest thing about the #Patient136 discourse is watching some Malays go "janganlah kita benci dia", while photos of Chinese people shopping (regularly, like everyone else) are  with endless racial slurs and conspiracy theories. Also by funny I mean bleak.
In the history of medicine? Like more of a "game changer" than ... the germ theory of disease? Antibiotics? The discovery of DNA? Also, funny how you can spell "hydroxychloroquine" but can't manage "coronavirus" and have to call it "Chinese Virus" instead. Douche.  …
200321 'Youth With You Season 2' Trainees from Yuehua Entertainment sing to WJSN 'Secret' Chinese version for Initial Evaluation Performance. Seeing original song by Cosmic Girls and lyrics by e. one and EXY makes me in tears. #WJSN #우주소녀 
LVMH has secured 40 million surgical face masks from a Chinese supplier for France (10 million a week); they are financing week one.
#Chinese civil aviation hero Captain Liu Chuanjian operated the #Sihuan Airlines plane that carried frontline medical personnel to #Wuhan, and today he will also be the one to bring them 
I am a Chinese American, I am with president Trump, this IS Chinese Virus. shame on you fake news! #ChineseCoronaVirus  
Not the first time the Clintons have served the Chinese Communist Party’s agenda  …
Top 10 Musicals overseas fans are enthusiastic about #ONEW #SHINee #온유 #샤이니 #Jinki English-speaking countries 1. Shinheung Military 6. The Return Japanese 2. Shinheung Military 3. The Return Chinese-speaking countries 1. The Return 2. Shinheung Military 
I have no time for anyone who defends the  government. And I’m especially not going to have these same people lecture me about humanity. China did this. They lied. Nothing will change my mind.
Twitter - BANNED IN CHINA - now has over 70 “official” chinese ambassadors and spokespeople spewing  disinformation on its wires. Why does twitter and or Govt allow this to happen? Either all of china or NONE of china. @Twitter @SecPompeo @marcorubio @MarkWarner
It is clear, @HillaryClinton prefers the Chinese government over the American people.  …
CCP and its agents are more dangerous than virus . #Chinese virus #Uyghur #Uighurs #Trump #StandwithUyghur #HoldChinaAccountable 
A 19th century Mongolian novel, manuscript on native paper. Part of the "Tabun ǰuwan" (Five Tales) in Mongolian script. Dated to the first day of the tenth lunar month in the year of Blue Rat (in cyclical Chinese signs, the year jiǎzǐ 甲子), which equates to either 1864 or 1924. 
It continues: @lvmh has made a deal with a Chinese supplier to ship 10 mil masks to France in the next few days -- 7 mil surgical, 3 mil FFP2. The plan is to repeat for the next 4 weeks, so 40 mil masks altogether. First masks to be dispatched early next week. 
Tedros (and the WHO) has been captured by secretary xi. They even conspired to develop the moniker “COVID-19” to deflect point of origin. Why does the world pay any attention at all to the crooked Chinese leadership and the organizations they have captured? #CoronavirusOutbreak
How do you know the Media is the enemy? Right now in Media Corporate offices around the country they are working on their plan to stop President Trump surging approval on how he’s handling the Chinese Virus and not how to inform the American people about the Chinese Virus.
In mid 1980s, Soviet intelligence (KGB) launched a disinformation operation blaming AIDS on the United States to discredit it in the third world. Today,  are doing the same on the coronavirus. Chinese Foreign Ministry lies in blaming the U.S.. Call it out!
. @seanhannity crushes her in the ratings. How did that #RussianCollusionhoax work out for @maddow ? How long did she cover that? 2-3 years? @MSNBC is Chinese propoganda
LVMH to the rescue again - it has secured an order w a Chinese manufacturer for 10 million masks to be delivered to France  days. Bernard Arnault is paying for the first order and three more orders  this month. 40mln masks in total
Previous records: 18.5m in Jan 2018: Driven by PUBG 18.8m on Feb 2, 2020: During Chinese New Year when China was in lockdown. 19.1m on Feb 9, 2020: Before end of extended Chinese New Year period. 20.3m on Mar 15, 2020: After countries in Europe go into lockdown.
Republican Lawmakers Call for Chinese Communist Party to Be Banned From Twitter for Misinformation and Propaganda It’s Time to Ban CCP from Twitter for spreading lies!  
It is startling that for 3 years MSM has been repeating the DNC's talking points - but now they're repeating the talking points of the Chinese Communist Party! American patriots should reject the crap spewing from CNN. NBC, CBS, ABC & MSMBC! Pass it on!  …
If you're outraged about @realdonaldtrump calling coronavirus the "Chinese virus," it may say more about you than it does about him. 
Chinese Food. Chinese Language. Chinese Checkers. Chinese Zodiac. Chinese Dragon. Chinese Coronavirus. Chinese Embassy. Made in China. China Sucks. Nothing Racist here...... #FUCoronaVirus #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #SaturdayMorning #Trump2020NowMoreThanEver #VoteRedToSaveAmerica 
We wouldn't have a pandemic if the Chinese hadn't been dishonest or punished the whistleblowers in the medical profession. What we need from China is reparations after all this is sorted.   …
No shortage of irony that our states are getting more face masks from Chinese billionaire Jack Ma than our federal government.  …
GOP lawmakers unveil bill to cut American dependence on Chinese drugs: #SilverLining  
ahh i know why now! these clips are previews for next week, it’s included in the episode on the chinese app but not engsubbed on this app! i’m guessing bc they didn’t sub it so it’s not on english version  …
Why do celebrities seem proud to contract the Chinese virus?
President Trump is handling the Chinese Virus like a true leader. The American people recognize it. The Deep State and Nedia recognize the American people recognize it. So  the “anonymous sources” and “IC Official” smear operation to hurt Trump. So predictable.
Remember Dr Li. He died trying to warn us. Do not let the Chinese Communist Party bury his story 
Please at least use the  when carrying water for the Chinese Communist Party.  …
I think I figured out who is running those Chinese propaganda accounts....  …
I love the Chinese woman for kicking that tray!
Gulf Kanawut | A way of Organic Farming Ep. 2 | Eng/Chi Sub  Let check out how cute Yai Nong is. Can only say.. His cuteness is overload.. Applause to my team; Subtitles &amp; Chinese @mewmeow_boobii #GulfKunawut #ลูกบอลของคุณบิ๊กกลัฟ
'Chinese Coronavirus'? Trump stoking xenophobia and violence against Asian-Americans: "We're doing our part in...caring for others," said Cynthia Choi, Chinese for Affirmative Action. "Now we have this added burden of feeling scapegoated"  …
Is the coronavirus the beginning of a new Cold War with China? Can we trust the Chinese Communist Party (CCP)? I say NO! Op-Ed: China May Finally Pay a Price for Its Coronavirus Lies  …
The man that destroyed our NHS with his PFI scams ! The man who sold our gold to the chinese at the bottom of the market ! The man who destroyed our pensions ! The man who told the police to ignore grooming gangs ! and much.much more .  …
I prefer the ‘Chinese Plague’.
the way adam yelled TERRENCE is sending me that man is so fucking loud its like living with your chinese mother 
China firmly supports Germany's endeavor  #COVID19 and is willing to provide assistance within its capacity if there is a need from the German side, said Chinese President Xi Jinping  
2018: “I want to have a lot of leisure time” 2019: "These days, I’m trying to do things that I wasn’t able to do before because I was busy" -I’m preparing for a Chinese language exam 2020: "I'm taking some time to look back on myself & do something" -I took & passed HSKK exam 
The Chinese virus is making everybody a paranoid moron. I have blocked more "MAGA" accounts recently than liberal trolls This is insane...people need to chill the fuck out.
I believe that when this Chinese Virus crisis is over and President Trump holds his first Rally He'd better lease out a football stadium. Lotta pent up Patriotism out there
The government’s Scientific Advisory Group for Emergencies (SAGE) says that the “stricter” social distancing measures would need to be in place half of the year in order to stop the NHS being overwhelmed with Chinese coronavirus cases. 
Why is there even an ELEMENT of the NOI trying to foment anti-Semitism in the  with BS propaganda centering on #COVID19 ? This is nothing but #antisemitism and it should be called 
“Chinese virus” is a racist term that is being used partly to reinforce the xenophobia of some Americans & harden US political divisions. But it's also aimed at shaping world opinion. In that sense, it’s failing — China has a more powerful message. US needs to fight virus first.  …
The Media wont tell you so I will... During the early Chinese Virus the Dems were impeaching POTUS Trump  no crimes based on a phony whistleblower. During the early Chinese Virus POTUS Trump was shutting down US/China travel and being called a racist for it. Sick.
I am getting intelligence That  chinese Government Sent people infected with #coronavirus purposely ALL OVER THE WORLD to spread this Virus THAT WAS A ACT OF WAR
Why are so many celebrities getting the Chinese virus?
The Chinese Virus. The Chinese Virus. The Chinese Virus. The Chinese Virus. The Chinese Virus. The Chinese Virus. The Chinese Virus. The Chinese Virus. The Chinese Virus. The Chinese Virus. The Chinese Virus.
one of my favourite things about kick it is the stylist noonas making his hair spiked with small lil horns so he looked like a baby dragon coinciding with bruce lee's chinese name "little dragon" 
First :They plague the world with COVID19. Then,they unleash PR in connivance with Liberals in the West. When PR was failing,they ask their CCP card-carrying "capitalist" Jack Ma to inundate the markets with Chinese goods. It is like a rapist offering to marry the girl he raped.
Why Does Joe Biden Continue to Spread Chinese Communist Propaganda?  …
I never thought I would say, today I’m going out searching for paper towels. I’m not worried about the virus. It’s the Democrat governor in NJ who causes mass panic everyday that concerns me. So excuse me if I don’t care if people call it Chinese virus.
When it used to be OK to refer to the virus as the Wuhan Chinese virus-  …
The media has been absolutely obsessed with Putin for four years now [I too am concerned about what the KGB agent running a country is up to] so their radio silence now that he's openly siding with the Chinese Communist Party in its coronavirus disinfo effort is very interesting!  …
Chinese are in charge of Ethiopian airlines. Chinese are in charge of Zambian power producer. Chinese are in charge of lesotho mines. Chinese are in charge of South African coal. Chinese are in charge of nigerian oil,congo oil.
A Pakistani student in Hubei, Shaheer Ali said: 'The Chinese government prioritised individuals and took as much care of Pakistani students as they did of their own citizens.' Read more:  … 
After initial missteps, China has gotten coronavirus under control and is now exporting millions of masks, tests, ventilators to dozens of hard-hit countries. Do you think those countries are calling it the Chinese virus?  … via @ForeignAffairs
Trump in January and February Was building the wall that will save US from Tens of thousands of infected illegals, border patrol stopped over 2,000 Chinese from sneaking in.  …
It could be argued the Chinese colonizing Italy, who then brought the #ChinaVirus/ #coronavirus to the latter nation, were acting the same way as the dreaded white colonists with indigenous people on North American continent. But the Left would never dare say such a thing.
President Trump takes out Soleimani, a POS responsible for the murder of countless Americans & the MSM sides with the terrorist. China inflicts us with the Coronavirus & the MSM  lap dogs for chinese propaganda. These liberal media hacks are the real enemies here.
'The WHO  for epidemic control, based on decades of experience, was simple. Test, test, and test again.' Rejected: 'Was it British exceptionalism, dismissive of Chinese and Korean science and capability, and condescension towards WHO “bureaucrats”.' Absolutely.  …
Calling it the “Chinese virus” is inherently racist Gtfo
Good morning to everyone except the  oligarchy. The world will never forget what you did to us.
I wrote 800 words on why I'd encourage Irish politicians & media to consider the moral consequences of their silence towards Chinese offers of help & donations this week Please heed the advice of Irishman @DrMikeRyan of the @WHO on China &  …
Kids home? Download our free art-making activities. Our galleries are temporarily closed to visitors, but we’re sharing online art education that families can enjoy anywhere. Today: learn about Chinese tomb guardians and how to make a paper mask.  
Ungrateful animals showing middle finger to the 1000s of doctors, nursing staffs, & other authorities who are trying to help us, treat and stop spreading of the Chinese virus. People like Kamra are the real virus of our society.  …
#Nepal & #SriLanka have made calls to revive the #SAARC, and with Chinese influence growing, #NewDelhi seems to have decided something has to be done – 
Concerning incidents. 1. 75 yrs old lady arriving at Chennai Airport from the US, escaped before being quarantined. Police have tracked and brought her back from West Mambalam. Irresponsible. 2. Chinese toys getting imported enters without applying disinfectants.Criminal mistake.
Australia: United front figure Kuang Yuanping 邝远平 and family members including son Kuang Xing 邝幸 lauded by CCP Overseas Chinese media for patriotic contributions of medical supplies to Chinese cities  
just realised the content is different for english and chinese version ughh no wonder
Chinese workers ==>Iran & Pakistan problem ==> caused  spreading. From there it spread into Middle East Countries; drastic under reporting and little testing there. RISK: There are several MILLION Indians living in the Gulf countries. Many trying to return.
No surprise here. Russia and China are not our friends. Vladimir Putin expressed his support for the Chinese Communist Party in its war of words with the United States over Beijing’s slow response to the coronavirus and the origins of the pandemic  …
Florida dodges Andrew Gillum and America dodged Hillary Clinton. The Clintons have parroted Communist Chinese taking points, since they met Charlie Trie, aka Wi Bring Doh. 
Janurary 11th Chinese scientists posted COVID19 genome. Week later virologists in Berlin had test. WHO produced test, South Korea was mass testing, but not us? We reported cases at same time with South Korea. Trump’s delay in testing, rhetoric will cost American lives, economy
“Our chinese FOREVERS, Hello we are EVERGLOW! Last year today, we were still new but so far we’ve received a lot of love and support, so I want to wish our Forevers a Happy one year anniversary. Let’s talk about our feelings for the past year...” 
#ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied An Important thing to remember. Make sure your anger is directed at Xi Jianping and the CCP that rules China. Remember, Chinese citizens are victims too in all this. The Chinese government lied, and it escalated into a pandemic. They still lie even today
Thought for the Day; If the term Chinese virus is now racist What about Russian collusion ?
Please, it's "dog stake". Not "Chinese dog stake". Don't be racist. #CoronavirusPandemic #CoronaCrisis 
Every Man - Made Disasters is caused  When people of italy were quarantining himself from  started there propaganda that it is Racism& launched "Hug a Chinese"campaign. Result-Italy's Coronavirus Death Toll Is Higher Than China's 
Mark Levin, agree Chinese Communist Party/Xi Jinping responsible 4 human/economic destruction n USA/WORLD CCP needs to •Forgive all USA debt •Return all Medicine/Med Eq production 2 US •Fulfill Phase 1 Trade Agreement QPQ Joe/Dimm Party - CCP not friend is threat .  …
My Covid-19 fuck off list McDonnell Khan TFL Nandy Esler Corbyn Lammy Layla Moran Branson All those bigging up Gordon Brown Campbell Fiona Bruce Rigby Sturgeon Meghan & Harry Alibhai-Brown Cadwalladr Ashton  about Trump calling it “the Chinese Virus” MacGuire
China & Spain will certainly be able to win the final victory over the #COVID19 epidemic as long as they make joint efforts with the  Chinese President Xi Jinping said in a message recently sent to Spanish King Felipe VI  
rmbr when malays were damn racist about chinese ppl who were reportedly spreading covid-19 on purpose, saying only “org cina” would do that... well WHAT is happening HERE on this DAY ma’am
Anyone that still does not understand what a “sh**hole” country is- The Chinese Wild-Animal Industry and Wet Markets Must Go  …
Yeah, if Hanks flips on these sickos it is all over. No way in Hell all these high profile celebs are that concerned about the Chinese virus.
“I don’t know what you’re thinking. You have a very lax policy of a lockdown...” The head of a visiting Chinese Red Cross delegation helping Italy respond to the coronavirus crisis says the country is not doing enough to contain the virus 
What an irony. They started the trade war, stigmatized China & Chinese people, meanwhile they desperately NEED help. This administration might even spin the narrative and say China owes them. Out of humanitarianism I believe China should help, but America makes it very hard.  …
To hear Chinese spokespeople use the language of racism and prejudice is somewhat surreal, considering this is a regime that has put more than 1 million Muslims and ethnic minorities in “reeducation” camps.  …
Ive just met a Chinese drug addict.He said "Have you seen my cocaine?". I said "Not since he starred in Zulu".
I hope everyone is staying safe from the Chinese Wuhan Virus which began in China and is the fault of China! #ChineseVirus
. @JRubinBlogger is spewing ChiCom propaganda, ignoring that the Chinese hid this from the world.  …
#saysrytoAmerica As a Chinese, I am sorry that the #CCPVirus has transformed streets in the world into the frontiers of a nonexplosive war. I am sorry that the CCP virus has infected more than 266k ppl and killed more than 11k ppl in 164 countries or regions.
Lisa in the current Chinese idol producer 
The Wuhan Chinese coronavirus has united America in a way that I haven't seen since 9/11. We're not as separated and divided as the news wants us to believe. As soon as this virus got serious, people immediately came together. Americans are strong people. We'll win this war.
Russia Deporting Chinese Who Violate Coronavirus Quarantine 
As much for "Chinese Virus". The  still doesn't know where it originated.  …
If you don’t think the Deep State has anything to do with the Chinese Virus, just remember the blatant Trump Ukraine call lie Adam Schiff read to Congress, with millions watching. These people are evil & ruthless. They are willing to do anything in order to hide their corruption.
Chinese airlines plan to restore service rapidly before spring holidays 
Just some thoughts about this. When clips of Chinese medical workers singing, dancing or being in good spirits like this were circulating, they were dismissed as "propaganda" but when it's British ones, it's inspirational.  …
April is truly Sehun's month when xunqis are preparing birthday projects for him. Chinese fanclub named SEHUNSTORIES prepared a digital ad screen at Hangzhou subway next to the escalator of the station hall of West Lake Cultural Metro Station. #세훈 #SEHUN 
Good morning to everyone except Chinese agents and their useful idiots
New article #China speed boat rams Taiwan coast guard cutter off Kinmen. 10+ Chinese boats involved. Unclear whether Chinese Maritine Mulitia or simply angry fishermen.  …
Does anyone worry about stuff they’ve eaten over the years at Chinese restaurants? Would they use weird things in ingredients? Instead of chicken they could use something cheaper/grosser. Also they get many ingredients from China- Chinese grocers.
The Chinese Govt.* The citizens of China would have had no say.
Chinese immigrant doing more to get masks to hospitals than the immigrant-hating US administration. You love to see it.  …
The origin of Case #1 CoronaVirus is Wuhan China. The epicenter was in Wuhan China. Chinese claimed it came from a Chinese food market in Wuhan transferred to humans by a bat or a rat, where they house their bio warfare lab. Our Politician's & MSM sold America to China.
ICYMI: Mike Pompeo goes after Chinese government officials who continue to spread a "disinformation campaign" about the origins of the coronavirus outbreak, saying it's designed "to shift responsibility." 
Although the Chinese government, well-known for concealing or manipulating information, would obviously prefer the world seeing signs of strength and recovery, that might not be the case. 
Happy birthday to SANHA from chinese AROHA. Come with wind,bloom as flowers. Between the snow, you catch the moon. The world called romance, all about you. SANHA, happy birthday @offclASTRO #아스트로 #아로하 #ASTRO #AROHA #윤산하 #SANHA 
Low  housing people piss me off .. ya want the government to treat housing better BUT ya wanna throw out a whole container of Chinese food out your window. Okay pig, continue to live in your own filth.
#Iran |ian Resistance Declares 8,200 Have Died In Iran Due To Chinese Coronavirus -  … @ncrius @Iran_Policy #COVID19
Why cover these press conferences live when we know the script? Trump opening statement: Chinese virus, Chinese virus. Pence: Thanks to the president’s decisive actions, extraordinary leadership, and remarkable foresight, we have saved millions of lives. [Dr. Fauci grimaces]
You're right, Brit. The guy who crosses out "Corona" on his script and writes in "Chinese" is the real victim here. What a valiant man you  to his defense.  …
It’s amazing to me that Dems have gone full blown cheering for the Chinese against America! People, that should wake you up! They are not for US, they’re against us! Disgusting! #DemsAreTraitors #Covid_19 #SaturdayVibes #VoteRed  …
Someone tell me this has nothing to do with trump’s using the term “Chinese virus”. I’ll tell you that you’re either a fool, a racist, or both.  …
People know Uyghurs are suffering, esp Chinese and businessmen in there, but no one is standing up to CCP, instead they all   and help torturing Uyghurs 
Chinese students are thinking of quitting Britain's universities, fuming about weak public health measures and having to weigh the health benefits of wearing a surgical mask with their fear of being racially abused or even attacked for i. 
This is what Chinese propaganda/news looks like. The western world needs to open their eyes and see they are perpetually duped by China.  …
So sad to see this. Chinese medical staff went through exactly the same in Wuhan. Two months ago.  …
This would be a mistake. Too many people would not be able to sustain themselves and he is sure to create anarchy, even over a two week period. Why weren't broad brush approaches considered in December when we called for him to terminate two-way Chinese travel? He owns that.  …
Why no #ChineseVirus among Chinese diplomats?  …
vote for handong > her rank goes higher > she gets more recognition in china aka her hometown aka a country with the most population on earth > chinese will vote for dreamcatcher like crazy > dreamcatcher world domination 
Just finished a scene for my portfolio, hope you like it!  #chinese #scene #gamedev #unrealengine4 #lighting #liamwong
The Chinese Communist Party covered up the #coronavirus for weeks while they could have been containing it better. Now the world is facing a global pandemic. The CCP needs to be held  …
Those red hats are called Chinese Hats now. It's fair, because that's where  from.
Chinese Communist Party dictator Xi Jinping is personally responsible for the human and economic destruction occurring in our country and the rest of the world from the Wuhan virus. And he should be held to account.  …
Xi said the Chinese government and people firmly support France's efforts against #COVID19 epidemic, and stand ready to boost cooperation with France and jointly win the battle through mutual support and help  
The diabolical reason Trump & Co. started saying "Chinese virus" explained by journalist extraordinaire @kurteichenwald in his eye-opening first piece for  …
Communist China is #Thanking @HillaryClinton for Condemning President @realDonaldTrump & Supporting their cover-up of the Chinese #CoronavirusPandemic ... Let that sink in. Communist China & the Democrats have a lot   …
This video of an American surprising Chinese PUBG players by speaking perfect Mandarin is so wholesome  
At this point I don't think that somnias not voting is the main reason of her dropping, we need people to know more about her in China, if you have a weibo and know chinese or are able to get someone to translate for you, promote her there
Communist China Thanks Hillary Clinton For Her Support After She Accuses Trump of Using "Racist Rhetoric" For Saying "Chinese Virus" @CristinaLalia1  … via @gatewaypundit
 … It's great to be the Communist Chinese government! You PURPOSEFULLY release a PLAGUE on the world, killing thousands and shredding the world's economy. Then blame America and send YOUR people to other nations to SUPPOSEDLY "help" them? #RayJPolitics
Its hightime Chinese app @TikTok_IN is banned in India @singhvarun CC @narendramodi ji @amishah ji @PrakashJavdekar ji @rsprasad ji
A good day for a @HillaryClinton is when Chinese Communist Party controlled news uses your tweet for propaganda. @BillClinton @ChelseaClinton #ClintonFoundation @TheDemocrats @realDonaldTrump  …
Good morning to everyone except the media numbskulls who spout Chinese Communist Party propaganda to attack America. Here’s a pic of an empty New York City Times Square last night. We will defeat the #CoronavirusOutbreak in spite of the media dummies and the 
jianglai said chenle is very charming, w a different charm from renjun. chenle was so shocked to learn that jianglai is korean bc his chinese pronunciation  accurate. jianglai said he stayed in beijing for 15 years.
Great to join @IngrahamAngle last night to discuss my bill to remove U.S. dependency on Chinese pharmaceuticals. 
Back and forth here between the No. 3 House R and and Chinese govt official.  …
Um, the Chinese government has now admitted he was persecuted ... but carry on: "Coronavirus: China apologises to family of doctor who died after warning about COVID-19"   …
Carrot, fish, teapot... Watch how a talented Chinese child makes dough in various shapes 
Coronavirus isn't a 'Chinese virus' no matter what Trump says. Words matter, which is why a label that stigmatizes people isn't appropriate.  …
The origin of the virus is in China, the Chinese who hide the virus from the world, and the Chinese who spread the virus to the whole world. This means that the name of the virus is #ChineseVirus Virus rather than Corona virus or Covid 
Attention press clowns. It’s called the China virus because it was first in China. It’s called the Washington Post because it’s in Washington. It’s called the NY Times because it’s in NY. Now shut the hell up with your moronic regurgitation of the Chinese regime’s propaganda.
With the Covid-19 outbreak, it's obvious that China lied and people died. Read more about the lies of  Chinese government here!  
I see a lot of you posting videos that look fake & calling it "Chinese corona virus" listen IDC how long I've known you or if you're a vegan that loves animals. If you continue to pose a threat to Asians by posting hateful propagandas I will & you. Best believe that!
Coronavirus: Passport seekers flee as Chinese lady vomits at immigration office  
"We have seen a nurse be racially attacked on the way to work - while on here way to help people. Anti Chinese racism is real and we need to fight it." @SabbyDhalu Co- Convener of @AntiRacismDay #WorldAgainstRacism #WeStandTogether #RacismIsAVirus 
Signs near the Embassy -Brazilian people show they are against the rude Chinese Ambassador-Bolsonaro said that China covered up the virus outbreak —The embassy responded by saying “The Bolsonaro family are the poison of Brazil” China lied people Died 
Whatever Italy did wrong, COVID-19 could have been contained if the Chinese gov't had not hidden early cases and ignored and persecuted the first doctor, now dead from COVID-19, who tried to warn his colleagues about what was happening. Let's put the blame where it belongs.  …
So Trump had US intel in January and February suggesting that the Chinese government was lying about the success of its efforts in Wuhan. Knowing what such news would do to the economy and his reelection, he chose to believe Xi instead  …
'The Chinese Community Party has demonstrated that it cares more about controlling information about the pandemic than about controlling the virus itself.'  …
China let the virus spread into the world to bring the world on its knees and grudgingly accept Chinese Authoritarianism as an enviable governance model.
More than 350 Chinese nationals have been apprehended at the southern border since Jan. 1. Many entered AFTER the Chinese travel ban was in place. The ban closed the front door, but America's back door remains wide open.  …
Special sitting of Dail passes Emergency Legislation that provides for internment of people with Chinese virus violating the principle of human privacy + private property rights authorising Gardaí to invade the family home for suspected breaches of social distancing regulations.  …
Chinese researchers have found fluid- or debris-filled sacs in the lungs of those who were infected by  …
China Takes #Blockchain National. It will be a permissioned setup and the Chinese government will hold the BSN's root key which would allow it to monitor all transactions made using the platform. What’s your thought?  …
Why are we calling it Covid-19 or Coronavirus and not Chinese Virus or Wuhan Virus? Had China contained it or conveyed the world immediately, many lives could’ve been saved. The world should demand accountability from China. #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied
Boca Raton law firm, backed by Joe Biden’s brother, sues Chinese government over handling of coronavirus, hoping to get rich off China on behalf of all they made sick. Can’t make this stuff up.  …
This is what I wrote on “Life post COVID” on my Weibo 10 days ago when most Chinese are back to work If you want to fast forward and time travel after the quarantine period, here is what I saw 
Tucker Targets Lindsey Graham - Who Wants Trump To Boost Visas To Rich Chinese Amid Corona Crisis  …
1-Marketing stunt?Did he brand claps as “Modi claps”? 2-u trust Chinese govt more than Indian,u’d obviously find our numbers “underreported” 3- His policies r working on ground rather than just announcements. Airport screening,govt quarantines,no more int’l flights landing etc.  …
#CoronavirusPandemic Chinese Indian Billionaire Billionaire 
Republican Lawmakers Call for Chinese Communist Party to Be Banned From Twitter for Misinformation and Propaganda ⁦  …
THIS is what this CHINESE Virus is ALL ABOUT! Manipulation and FRAUDULENT VOTING in the Presidential Elections! Open your #WakeUpAmerica Mail in voting is a huge opportunity for fraud! We can’t panic and give corrupt politicians the ability to manipulate  …
I would bet a solid amount of money that Trump, at some point, articulated the belief that he could out-propaganda Chinese leaders, succeeding where they failed: To hide coronavirus under bullshit. His ego kills people.
COVID-19 and asthma. I can’t find any data that says asthma is a risk factor for  more unwell if you have COVID-19. Can anyone point me to any or has it just been presumed because it is with flu. This doesn’t seem to be backed up by Italian or Chinese data?
It appears the reason we’re all on lockdown and the economy is tanking is Trump, the living embodiment of the Dunning-Kruger effect, thought he would do a better job of leveraging authoritarian power to conceal pandemic than the Chinese government could do. 
Dear Nigns Few days back @obyezeks started her thread with “Nigeria is at War” She’s tryin so hard to blame @MBuhari for the outbreak but Trump would even say “Chinese Virus”. Nigeria & the world will defeat #COVID19 @Ayourb @tfx47 @fash360degree @IsuphJt @dmightyangel 
"But this pandemic should, finally, disabuse us of any remaining hope that the Chinese regime could be a responsible global actor. It is not, and it will not  one," writes @shadihamid. #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #WuhanVirus  …
Chinese people in Western countries are fazed by the idea of wearing #facemasks outdoors, because some foreigners believe whoever wears face masks is infected. This, not #Wuhan lockdown, is the real violation of #HumanRights.  
Wherever there is death and destruction....Red China Is Jew China: The Disturbing Origins of Chinese Communism And The Deepening Chinese-'Israeli' Ties Of Today  …
Disaster of believing Communist & Left Propaganda Feb 3rd week: USA, Europe, Australia "I am a Chinese, I am not a virus, Hug Me" Many Hugged! March 3rd week: 1000s dead in world China(CGTN TV) should have focused on Cure NOT Killing Propaganda #ChinaVirus 
The "Chinese Virus" will bankrupt more people than it kills. That is the real national emergency.
In January, the World Health Organization (WHO) told us there is no clear evidence of human-to-human transmission of the novel coronavirus (parroting the lies of the Chinese government).
Hey @PeterDutton_MP #scottyfrommarketing How did we go from 14  detention for chinese arrivals a few weeks ago to allowing 3000 people to walk off a boat and disappear? #diamondprincess #Covid_19australia
There's a disgusting video doing the rounds of a dog being boiled alive in some mad Chinese eating lunacy. Do **NOT** watch it, if easily upset. I did & I now want to nuke the whole country. I think I'll have to block any shares I see.
I remember well when people joked around watching Iranian and Chinese medical staff dancing with the words: the regime forced them to dance. Now it's nice and right...  …
The fifth colleague of China's coronavirus whistle-blower has reportedly died of the disease at a hospital in Wuhan. Chinese authorities arrested those doctors who tried to warn the world about #Covid_19 what was happening in Wuhan.  
That the EU is even interested in this and not that the Chinese are flying in medical supplies to EU countries because others will not help out shouts loud to the EU's systemic failure in this crisis.
Listen to whom? CHINESE!!!??? I can't be more furious for seeing your tweet. I am a Chinese and have been following the outbreak since 'it was still a rumor' back in Dec. Chinese authorities are last thing you want to listen to.
we hate china for the chinese, its really simple actually  …
COVID-19 The Chinese now understand the behavior of the COVID virus thanks to autopsies they have carried out. This virus is carried out by obstructing respiratory pathways With thick mucus that solidifies and blocks the airways and lungs....
Early on, the  destroyed samples and suppressed vital information that could have helped mitigate the damage of the #coronavirus.  via @davidharsanyi @DailySignal
That #China should engage in hideous propaganda at a time like this is not surprising. What is surprising--and most distressing--is that people targeted by Beijing's campaign propagate malicious Chinese themes. #ChineseVirus  …
“Yes, you, fucking Chinese motherfucker, don’t fucking get me sick. . . .”  …
Gaming  Razer will reportedly shift manufacturing lines from producing its own products to manufacturing surgical masks as the Chinese coronavirus pandemic sweeps the globe. 
Trump found a drug that CURES the Chinese Virus, cut the red tape at FDA to get it to the people FAST, Bayer is manufacturing millions of doses as we speak. And the media will talk about anything but this.
- #Pakistan International Airlines #PIA cancels all International flights till 28 March - #Railway Minister has said that 34 trains to stop running untill 15th Ramazan as number of passengers has reduced. - "200 Chinese Doctors Reached Islamabad to Fight Against Coronavirus" 
"Stop instilling more fear and hate": Jessie J among celebrities criticizing use of "Chinese virus"  …
Nope. There’s no argument over the name of the virus. It’s called covid-19 or the coronavirus. Calling it the “Chinese virus” is deliberately racist & is inciting violence against people. So miss me with your “some people.”  …
Chinese Ambassador to Saudi Arabia @AmbChenWeiQing shared photos of his daily activities during self-isolation that includes reading Saudi novel “The Price of Sacrifice”  
Big mistake Indian govt did. This  party and their business cronies are a bunch of snakes who won't reciprocate. They should never have given the masks. Now we will need to ramp up production by forcing a bank, adani, mahindra, tata to produce this stuff.
DIGESTIVE ISSUES could be first symptom of coronavirus Nearly half of the virus patients admitted to the hospital in the central Chinese province of Hubei, where the outbreak  of digestive issues, according to a study  …
Chinese man might have small cocks but they defo fucked the whole world
Six #Chinese medical experts set off for #Serbia from Guangzhou, South China's Guangdong Province on Saturday with donated medical supplies to help fight the #COVID19 
#Chinese billionaire #JackMa on Saturday pledged to donate #masks, #testkits, protective suits and ventilators to a large number of countries. #India was conspicuously missing from the  …
Anointed prophets of Ghana, so still God hasn’t revealed to you guys the cure for the Chinese virus huh ... “Yarie biara fa bra ma suey3 Na Nyame b3fa miso asa wo yarie”
On 18th February, president Xi personally phoned Johnson and told him the Chinese suppression measures were working!!  Those measures will hopefully keep their deaths to <4K. Johnson IGNORED Xi and did nothing. Later his team concocted the...
Lame Media says Trump racist 4 calling‘Chinese’ Hard to believe their journalist!Flu’s are named after geographical region where they began-History 101 China’s our adversary, they lie, cheat. Media rather push hate instead of PRAISING the President 4 what he has  
Looks like we just got out of that lunatic-asylum in time. There are Chinese advisers in Italy to help them deal with the crisis, supplies are being flown into 3 EU countries from China because other EU countries wont help and they  about a leaving member?????
One man has been #WARNING us for a long time that we should end our #dependence on #China ...who was this It was @realDonaldTrump ‘Wake-Up Call’: Pandemic Should Prompt the West to Confront Chinese Regime, Experts Say  …
If there was such a creature, the Chinese would have eaten it already.
Event 201 participants include CDC's Stephen Redd and George Gao, Chinese Centre for Disease Control & Prevention 
U.S. propaganda media - NYT, WaPo, etc - is trying to drive a wedge between the Chinese “regime” and its people as a means of drowning out Chinese propaganda media that the virus was a U.S biological weapon aimed at the Chinese economy. The rest are pawns. Who gon win?
Chinese Medical help arrived in Greece today. 8 Tons of medical equipment including 550000 medical masks were given by China to Greece. 
1/3 One of the reasons provenance research is important is it allows us to understand the physical appearance and condition of a work of art. When the @mfaboston purchased this ancient Chinese bronze figure in 1931, it looked like it does today, holding jade birds on poles. 
Trump's insistence on saying "Chinese virus" is normalizing and encouraging racism. Here is the data. I plotted the number of tweets & replies (excluding RT) that use specific racial slurs in the past week, and saw an increase after Trump first tweeted "Chinese virus" (3/17 7p). 
By harnessing technology as a tool of democratic creativity, Taiwan offers an alternative to both the top-down surveillance of the Chinese state and the advertising-driven Western tech giants, write Jaron Lanier and 
2 It’s also why he obsessively boasts about keep out visitors from China and Europe, even though the U.S. – the body politic—was already infected. Besides simple racism, it’s also why he insists on calling it the Chinese virus, inappropriately emphasizing the foreign threat.
RT The Sh*t Out of This... Call It The Chinese Virus! If China Acted 3 Weeks Earlier, Cases Could Have Dropped 95% 8 doctors Questioned, Told To Shut Up & Destroy The Evidence! Should We Offend Them? YES, China Is Responsible for Global Pandemic!  …
it's sooooo wild that a month ago i was preparing for my oral exam by listening to chinese podcasts for 30 minutes a day, and now im preparing by practicing staying still so that i can pretend the webcam has frozen when the examiner says something i don't understand
"Why are Chinese sexual euphemisms military in nature, rather than culinary or other styles of metaphor?" she thought, while preparing the dish colloquially known as 'slapping the cucumber' 
Germany and France BUY face masks. In militarized Spain they ARE CONFISCATED. As a result,  take the masks out of Spain and sell them in Germany. The Coronabobos have not understood anything! @CatalanWay_ @derStandardat @nytimes @varoufakis3 @xavidomenech99  …
Communist China responsible for 260 deaths in USA because China lied & took 3 weeks  clean. Like the NBA, Hollywood & USA media support  & repeat Chinese propaganda. We were warned but Americans were asleep. Wuhan virus= wake up call  …
Never seen a Leftist promote Japanese, Chinese, Malaysian, Indonesian as part of "diversity". Always blacks and browns. "Diversity" is our downfall.
Zero domestic #CoronaVirus cases in #China for 3 days in a row.. #China 's lock-down was draconian and #Chinese ppl considered it as "Civic Pride" staying indoors.. Some ppl had to stay indoors for 4 months.. Sad to see some Indians violating quarantine rules, risking lives..
Ten’s of thousands of Wuhan textile workers work in Northern Italy. Many of these workers flew home for the Chinese New Year in January, and brought the virus back with them to Italy. Italy got heavily seeded. Contagion rapidly spread before distancing awareness could kick in.
Either they lying, or they were all immunised. If they were immunised then the Chinese were aware of the danger & knew the virus was going to be released. If lying, it is because they fear rebellion & uprising if its known their army is weakened.  …
I have never heard in any discussion anywhere anyone suggesting that innocent Chinese people or Asians or citizens of Chinese or Asian descent are to be in any way confused with the government of the PRC. Never. Not once, not for a second. Ever. Period.
