Update: WHO has now removed its advice against “traditional medicine” on English page, but it remains in the French one. @WHO care to explain the change? Are u actually removing useful medical advice for the English world  with Chinese standards?  
Oh, really @WHO, you’re still spouting nonsense without any proof & expecting us to believe that #Wuhan, city of 11MM people, in China run by a vicious Chinese DICTATOR, Xi, has #Coronavirus contained & that they’ve done a great job. China only has govt controlled media. Hello???
There is national hubris of asking for Chinese help? They build 1000 bed isolation hospitals in a week. @WHO said "Learn from China."
Support your local Chinese restaurant during this bullshit. Their businesses have been ravaged and they really, really need your support.
#NotAgainSU stands firmly against anti-Asian racism and xenophobia that has been particularly targeting Chinese national and international students. 
The Chinese, to their credit understood that 19 was going to 1,000 no matter what, and 10,000 if they didn't act fast.
BLACKPINK now holds the Girl group's highest album copies by Chinese fans both basing if it's a mini or full album. @ygofficialblink
And let's not forget her even MORE evil brother, Erik (The Dark) Prince, of Blackwater fame. HE just got done training Chinese government(!) security forces for his new (and Chinese financed) Blackwater  Bad people. Bad, bad people.
mih*wk: xiumin chen and lay? sorry I don't speak chinese
Flying lessonsInfographic published in the Chinese...  
My friend's flight from UAE back to Beijing is packed. Chinese aren't stupid. China is probably the safest place to be right now Stay safe all
Let Me Get This Straight: Pres Trump donates $100K to fight coronavirus Is attacked for not taking action 328 Chinese nationals detained at the border from open border policies Dems claim they are doing more to fight the virus than Trump The hypocrisy is unreal. RT!
“No matter how many years go buy together or not you still remain absolutely precious to me my brother. Take care of yourself until we see each other again.” MC Jun and Samuel on Chinese music program! @pledis_17 
Meanwhile the mother of this child hasn’t ordered Chinese food in weeks and won’t get on the same elevator as an Asian person  …
How well censorship worked accounts that used to retweet me and even grew from content I forward now no longer retweet from the Underground Silk-Railroad Communique in fear of being banned...the chinese say cut the head off one to send the message to ten thousand... 
A group of Conservative party grandees will seek to pass legislation to make Huawei involvement in British  networks illegal, over fears the Chinese may use the equipment to spy on the United Kingdom. 
Italy appears to be moving toward something like Wuhan-like clampdown in Lombardy. Chinese state has far greater legal and operational abilities for something like this. But it looks like Italy is trying to get as close to that as it can.  …
3...they say: a. It's a hoax. b. All places reporting sickness are blue states, and theyre lying. (Theyre not all blue states.) c. Democrats are infecting themselves. d. This is a chinese problem, & we're not Chinese. e. Everyone saying this is serious are anti-Trump and lying..
There was never a Chinese curse which said "May you live in interesting times". The British made it up. Nevertheless, I'm utterly done with living in interesting times. I'd be very much in favour of living in boring times. Who's in?
As Senate approves Buhari’s $22.7bn request, Nigeria could service Chinese loans till 2040 
Flying school allegedly funded with embezzled Chinese loans  … via @ABCNews
Chinese govt said the same thing about Wuhan
OK, so each party must have at least 20%: Chinese Indonisian Aboriginals German Italian Irish Greek Brittish Indian Malaisian The chinese represent 3.6% of the population, but want 20% of the party, which is 20% more representation than they had in China ...
I think I’ve worked it out! People are stockpiling bog roll because if they’re self-isolating they’re going to live entirely on food delivered by local takeaways. After two weeks of alternating Indian, Chinese and Pizza they’ll be shitting themselves inside-out...
The DFA issued the statement after Sen. Risa Hontiveros revealed at a recent  hearing that travel agencies offer Philippine passports and birth certificates to Chinese nationals entering the country.  
Another in the media causing panic series. Yesterday in the briefing the DG Health said Chinese drug factories are getting underway again. As far as I can tell no media outlet has reported that - just that drugs are running out.
Way way way back in late February (I believe 21 Feb), I told you guys that I had read in a Chinese WeChat that there was a huge propaganda putsche by the Chinese CCP to have an "All is better!" propaganda message on 5 March. Well, 7 March, only ONE new #coronavirus 
People at the Brookings all need to register FARA as Chinese agents.  …
Me in my head while ordering Chinese food because white people's racism has scared them off of Asian restaurants 
Chinese students managed to sabotage this by giving the school work app so many bad reviews on the App Store that it got shut out from it
Chinese President Xi Jinping extended sincere solicitude to women fighting #COVID19 at frontline and in other fields on Sunday, the  …
Chinese Proverb: With great  great understanding; with small  little understanding. ❖ #Chinese Proverbs
Lewchew word of the day: Shinshi = Teacher Derived from the Chinese words for "mister" 先生 Min: Shianshi Cantonese: Sinsang Mandarin: Xiansheng Notice that the Min pronunciation is almost identical to the Lewchewan. #琉球 #中琉 #中琉关系 #Ryukyu #Okinawa 
Lying, suppressing, & covering up is what the Chinese govt. did. They botched their response, & made the crisis much worse than it should've been. And when a dr. warned of the crisis, they took him into custody & forced him to recant his warnings. He later died.
So we are back to the Spanish flu. The adjective “Spanish” was kept even if the origin of the flu was unknown. It is unlikely -if not impossible - to call the Coronavirus outbreak the Chinese flu...  …
Rhetoric like "shipping jobs to Mexico/China" etc feels alienating to me as a person of Chinese descent and I'm not the only one. Can we instead talk about how NAFTA destroyed jobs and undermined workers rights in the US AND in Mexico, and so on?
Lit candles applying for visa to fuck off to america for 4 month ordered chinese to ma exes old house by accident poured satay sauce over my hand to the point it’s blistered cried over lil peep documentary them self care sats really hit diff x
Chinese regime' spokewoman Hua Chunying ' husband (a member of CCP  and CEO of China's construction Group Co LTD ) passed away (died of brain tumor?). It's said Hua' husband went to America to receive medical treatment.  …
Corona virus is just like pasta. The Chinese invented it but the Italians will spread it all over the world.
Chinese journalists see Western govt hypocrisy in #ASSANGE  …
Since The Economist apparently  out and say it, I will: the Chinese government did something right. Firstest with the mostest – What the world has learned about facing covid-19  …
These are just a few from like a 30 tweet thread, but you know you have a China expert on your hands when they 1.) conflate "Cantonese culture" w HK, just entirely ignoring the 113 million ppl of Guangdong and 2.) say Chinese takeout in US is Cantonese food LMAOOOO
Jan 11, @45 days bef 1st Covid-19 case not linked to travel was diagnosed in US, Chinese scientists posted genome of the virus W/in 1 wk, virologists produced the 1st diagnostic test End of Feb, WHO had shipped tests to nearly 60 countries But not the US Why? Trump won’t say  …
lmao hold the phone everybody, the Chinese understanderer has logged 
So then he advocates for making  comply with audit and transparency requirements right? Watch the stock prices plummet, and the lawsuits pour in. But hey, go with that.  …
Don’t use anything with Chinese steel. Just saying. Trump is right as rain to bring steel production back to the US.  …
Trump Blocks Chinese Deal for U.S. Software Firm StayNTouch. China steals IP, Data, Makes Money and uses against the free world to undermine the Democracy. The world is waking up against the Chinese Communist Party. #China #灭共  …
Chinese Museums, Closed by the Coronavirus, Put Their Exhibitions Online  @openculture 
The Chinese Kids watching the score drop every 0.1 rating 
20 Chinese nationals onboard Grand Princess cruise ship off SF coast - Xinhua
【Chinese dissident Yang Jianli, president of Citizen Power Initiatives for China, said Chinese government is behind the disinformation campaign about the U.S. origin of the pandemic.】 CIA targeted in virus disinformation campaign  …
Shame no amount a hand sanitiser can wash aff your mockit attitude and the casual racism that av seen towards Chinese people in regards to the coronavirus
There are so many reasons to build the wall,human&child trafficking,murders,rapist,people who want to take over America&our American lives&more now diseases #BuildTheDamnWall 328 Chinese Nationals Caught Trying To Illegally Enter U.S. At Southern Border  …
When Winston or Shane have a crack at Indian, Chinese or even Maori, #Mainstream NZ love it and him and so mainstream NZ allow him to get away with all the slimey, scullduggerry his fingers are into. He’s a product of some peoples wish for Nostalgia, aka Euro/white history.
Order. Chinese. Takeout. Right now!!!  …
you better get some better editor. The way he was trying to refer c*rona virus with *Chinese* people and then put the photo of *Korean* band. I'm not just talking about this matter. I've seen many Pakistani people tyrna act cool by making memes on corona with the ref of asian ppl
how the VIRUS could have gotten out of the CHINESE GERM WARFARE LAB-"technicians in Chinese germ warfare labs ... known to Illegally smuggle infected animals (tagged for destruction) into the wild animal market to make side money. or, simple contamination of a worker. "
I just heard on Fox that it's not clear why Italy has been such a focal point for the coronavirus. Come on, now. Do they do any research at all? Italy has a special trade relationship with China and is usually overrun with tourists from the Chinese mainland. That's why.
A guest on this cruise says that „as a queer Chinese female“ this panel means a lot to her and @wcruz73, @GarrettRWang and @TheDeniseCrosby leap up and go „if there was a transporter accident we would be you!“ and 
Sing it with me! Ooh, you little tricky bug You tricky bug Are you gonna shut down our Lives, Corona? Ooh, you got the Chinese bad Korea too Now Italy is doin’ its Time, Corona! /1
"I'M NOT GOING TO NO CHINESE OR ASIAN RESTAURANTS CUS CORONAVIRUS" -People who religiously get dysentery burrito bowls from Chipotle every Tuesday.
About 30 still trapped after Chinese coronavirus quarantine hotel collapses  
What is the Federal Government and Osun State doing about terrible distruction of OGBAGBA and  as a result of mining by Chinese Companies ? Nigeria is not really regulating mining and the Chinese are really ripping us badly.
These sick chickens were sold to meat shops and restaurant owners in China. China will not going to stop producing viruses I guess. I can't believe Chinese people still supporting their sick government and system.  …
Half a million dead in two months. Using a lowish fatality rate. Unless it burns itself out or is contained. And we're not welding people shut into their apartment buildings, like the Chinese did.  …
sometimes I wonder if the democrats are Chinese -- both lie constantly.
#China's actions were not "missteps." They were deliberate acts that Chinese leaders knew or should have known would result in death. #COVID19  …
For international women’s day I’d like to nominate as a hero the friend who keeps a pair of crutches next to the front door so that when she orders chinese to be delivered from 100 yards away they think there’s a legit reason
READ: On how Chinese tech giant Huawei helped the Chinese Communist party to intern roughly 2m Uighur Muslims in concentration camps. By  …
It is plausible that more Americans will die of the virus than Chinese. The price we pay for institutional failure is denominated in lives.  …
We went and got Chinese food, brought up to the hotel room and been watching Rush Hour and quoting the movie together. This is the life, I couldnt be happier
#Chinatown @aajadc lunch meeting — doing our part to support America’s Chinese restaurants in the age of the #Covid_19  – at Reren Lamen & Bar
my new business cards came in the mail today! tried to make it as chaotically accurate to an actual chinese take-out menu with 5 different cursed fonts 
update at 0405,here are the Chinese version of these arrests tonight. #HongKongPoliceTerrorism 
Chinese Hotel Used As Coronavirus Quarantine Site Collapses; Dozens Trapped Are these new cases China has reported ?  …
An elderly Chinese couple refused to sign an agreement allowing their house to be demolished for a new road. Check out for more:  
A Chinese woman named Wang Mei is demanding to know why her “cured” husband died of the coronavirus five days after he was released from a Wuhan medical center. 
A record 2M containers of seaborne shipping capacity was idled in late Feb, more than the 1.5M containers of capacity idled in 2009 at height of the financial crisis And we’re told by Chinese officials that exports declined by 17% in Jan & Feb? Seriously?  …
Chinese doctors and scientists have published numerous papers and shared a wealth of clinical data since the outbreak. They give critical insight into characteristics and intervention effects.  based on "all China data are fake" is the worst kind   …
The Chinese Communist Party is working to undermine U.S. security. I urge local and state officials to turn down any transportation project bids  owned by or affiliated with the Chinese government.  …
A great example of how @Huawei uses misdirection & word games to deceive. “Backdoors” are not the problem & they know it. Chinese law and  proven history of stealing and lying are the problem. (Just google: “Huawei African Union Headquarters”)  …
#China A hotel being used as a #coronavirus quarantine centre in China has collapsed 2 hours ago, leaving 70 people trapped. 28 People have been rescued according to the Chinese Media Ambulances rushed to the site. People feared dead More tragedies for China in 2020. 
The grossly negligent lack of transparency & cover-up by  #Chinese government at the onset of the #coronavirus is inexcusable. This should damage #China for a long time. They blocked our #CDC help. Now there are allegations the Chinese are lying about recovery.
Humanitarianism is 100% only possible everyone if we catch #coronavirus early. And put the necessary measures. If we dont want to be like the CCP Chinese, we better prove that we are better than them by taking this SERIOUSLY. Show what freedom is able to 
Huawei  in the largest mass atrocity occurring in the world today ... working directly with the Chinese government in Xinjiang to help silence, detain, harass and intimidate Uighur civilians — #AJOpinion, by Benedict 
REPORT: Chinese Censors Jumped In To Suppress Online Messages Warning About Coronavirus Spread  …
The only funny Chinese podcast I’ve found is 北京话事人, hosted by a group of washed up rap-rock musicians. The episodes are thick with chain smoking and Beijing dialect. Every time nick mullen jokes about moving to China my impossible dream of a crossover episode grows 
#NEW on @OANN 35 are rescued after a five-story Chinese quarantine hotel for those who could have been in contact with #coronavirus 
Me, when all this started: Chinese authoritarianism can't, after all, escape structural problems with information transmission and accountability. Me, now: .....
Water Fortune is the best Chinese in the town and if u think otherwise ur lyin
Saturday night in Reimburse the wine and Chinese losers 
30 still trapped after Chinese coronavirus quarantine hotel collapses.  …
anyway I have now argued with representatives of the Kazakh, Chinese, and American governments online. Time to go pick a fight with Belgium.
Went to Manhattan Chinatown to my fav place my folks have been going since late 70s. It’s Americanized Cantonese food and it’s glorious. Support your local Chinese restaurants bc people are idiots. This place usually has a line up the stairs for lunch and it was only 3/4 full! 
Chinese hotel reportedly used for coronavirus quarantine collapses  
Chinese government contribute $20 million to the #WHO for supporting developing countries' response to #COVID-19.  
sometimes I wonder if the democrats are Chinese -- both lie constantly.
CORONAVIRUS: About 30 people remain trapped after the collapse of a hotel used as a coronavirus quarantine facility in eastern China. About 30 Still Trapped After Chinese Coronavirus Quarantine Hotel Collapse  
2/ children — particularly in light of new reporting that Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner is selling his stake in  that benefited from tax breaks he pushed for, and first daughter Ivanka Trump’s use of her official position to get Chinese trademarks.
Indian food is way better than Chinese food.
Chinese Proverb: If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow. ❖ Chinese Proverbs Quotes
Here’s the deal... I use hand sanitizer to lube my liners and put my legs on... I could care less about the Chinese Bat Flu but I gotta walk!
Chinese students are too smart Here's how you beat the academic system when you're forced to stay at home because of Coronavirus. 
Defense Secretary Raises Concern Over Chinese Laser Targeting in Pacific 
Chinese Museums, Closed by the Coronavirus, Put Their Exhibitions Online @OpenCulture -  
The report that a Chinese ship fired a laser at an American P-8A Poseidon near Guam last month was the latest accusation that Chinese forces have used lasers to harass and potentially damage other nations' military aircraft and personnel.  …
I GOT IT GUYS! Shakira teased her next era in the #MeGustaVideo: 1. She served Chinese looks: geisha & kimono 2. She served Chinese foods: sushi & noodles Shakira will serve K-POP in her next era arigato ni hao OMG 
Smog's so bad in China you can't see the sun. And the most polluted province is Wuhan, its toxic atmosphere kills tens of thousands each year. But now the Chinese are blaming the deaths on COVID-19, not pollution. Oh, really?  …
The USA educated him at Berkley then he stormed the US Embassy IN IRAN and died from a Chinese virus that may have been created at Harvard. Well that is KARMA.
This ain’t it, bro. I know for a fact if the coronavirus came from Mexico, we wouldn’t like Chinese people dressed up in a sombrero and doing the same shit
#AyatollahsSpreadCovid19 by insisting on transporting Chinese trough Iran with Mahan air and bringing tourists from China when every other country restricted the connection to China to protect their people.  …
2/ Steptoe also represents the sanctioned Chinese Telco ZTE. Ms Wysong has represented other notables in the past....... @thespybrief @mopeng @JamesFourM @ericgarland @LouiseMensch 
This is hilarious because many Chinese  that DingTalk is used by their bosses as a surveillance tool to enforce virtual facetime. As always, the youth in their purity of feeling lead the revolution.
Coronavirus: global infections could increase tenfold every 19 days, Chinese study says  #coronavirus #covid19 
50% of men worldwide think they have more of a right to a job than a woman. 25% in UK. 70% in India. 1/3 of men think it is ok to hit women. 40% of Americans think men make better political leaders. 55% of Chinese ppl said the  with 27% of New Zealanders.
Fascinating. Chinese officials also pushed for Traditional Chinese Medicine treatments for HIV/AIDS (incl a joint trial in Tanzania). Part of a desire to make distinctively "Chinese" contributions to global health. I discuss at greater length here:   …
CBC is interviewing some Chinese who are yelling racism. Apparently a  have been made and of course CBC takes it to a whole new level. I guess nobody likes the new gift from the orient? 
wayv s first mv was regular Chinese version ot21 follow me 
Chinese hotel holding quarantined coronavirus patients collapses in Quanzhou, dozens pulled from rubble  …
Chinese business leaders leave lights on at work to fake country's 'recovery' from coronavirus  #CoronavirusOutbreak
“I have no arms, but I have good feet. I can’t go make that sort of money.” Disabled Chinese man, Chen Xinyin, lost his arms when he was seven because of an electric shock. At 20 he lost his father and he had to look after his ailing mom. #China #Disability 
Also at that point I think Chinese numbers are more trustworthy than American ones!
i WISH prodcers sampled chinese folk music
can we watch documentaries and order chinese food?
Toxic masculinity and coronavirus: Remember every  with a mom in it? Cleaning makes you less of a man and is women’s work.  is only 35% of men wash their hands after using the bathroom. Stay away from them, not Chinese people. Safer, less racist.
It was made with Chinese construction products- what do they expect??? Just look at the drywall in NOLA post-Katrina!  …
An Indian Admiral with a Chinese PLA Colonel. The importance of this image of Chief of Naval Staff & Grey Eagle, Adm Karambir Singh, with a Chinese PLA Student Officer at College Of Defence Management must NOT be lost on any of us. @indiannavy We are in effect, training the 
The Chinese government decided to provide 20 million USD to @WHO to support the global fight against #COVID-19, especially in developing countries. 
Fin Fang Foom is rumored to appear in #ShangChi The shape-shifting alien resembles a somewhat anthropomorphic Chinese dragon and possesses various powers Superhuman strength, longevity, stamina Spiritual possession Flight Telepathy Acid Mist  
Jared: Cadre. Cadre. Cadre. + 666 Fifth Ave. Ivanka: Chinese trademarks, trademarks, trademarks. Dems: Start using the fact that the Trump family leveraged their White House position to make millions. Listen to @JoyAnnReid's video  …
De-globalization, the result of #China's irresponsible conduct, will in turn kill off   …
Fear of recession in Australia over the is unjustified. The buy-up and re-sell by CCP entrepreneurs is booming. Only if we could trigger another buy-up of all formula, water & farmland (what’s left) by the Chinese Communist Party, we would have a big surplus. 
What is that "notoriously absent Chinese  about tho?
there are ppl not ordering chinese take away in the uk bc of the corona virus......... 
3) Millions of Chinese people were and are under a lockdown that bough us time. Would any of our Western countries have done the same? Did we contain this? China uses lockdowns and great technology to manage this. We can't even test large numbers of people.
2) It is easier to believe numbers from the Chinese government than in no numbers at all. I am sick of people blaming the Chinese. Chinese health care workers are heroes and many of them payed with their lives for responding fast to this.
Because, according to my sources in China, it has mutated an unbelievable 149 times already. The Chinese are now on the receiving end of new cases from Italy.
1) I am getting a little annoyed at people responding to my tweets saying 'why do you even believe the Chinese numbers' and 'China was hiding this' etc. There is something we all need to keep in mind: China bought us time and we wasted it.
my uber driver told me that drivers are intentionally not picking up chinese travellers from heathrow and it's gotten bad enough that people are changing their names on the app to  across as "chinese sounding", so they can get rides. whew, it's a mess out here.
OMG！Christina Aguilera just recorded an exclusive video for her Chinese fans to promote her new song #LoyalBraveTrue 
Chinese Munch Box 
Australia to counter China’s influence with an Air Force base, increased sell off of Australian land and Industries to China, and the expansion of Chinese enclaves in Australia.  …
Renewed respect for Chinese kids. The future is human ingenuity taking on   
A Chinese hotel used to quarantine people with #Covid19 has collapsed, trapping dozens. About 35 people have been pulled from the rubble of the five-storey Xinjia Hotel. #COVID19 #Coronavirus #China 
3•7•20 The IRRESPONSIBLE Communists of America.. Democrats and their WHORE MSM are SO concerned about CORONAVIRUS KITS. They don't give a SHIT about people being tested! This is just a political BLUDGEONING TOOL for the Democrats and their Chinese allies! #RayJPolitics 
DEVELOPING: New video from Quanzahou, China, shows a hotel – reportedly being used to house people who are quarantined for the coronavirus – after it collapsed, with Chinese state media reporting at least 70 people were trapped; no word on any injuries.  
“By driving Chinese Australians away from our political system, we are ... marginalising them even more and that actually makes them more vulnerable to foreign interference” Enemy jihadis run same argument against Australia: 'Give us special privileges or we will be traitors'
As @zeddy reminded us, Prince's mercenary firm is now China based, Chinese-owned, the PLA its prime customer. So no security worries at all that POTUS is doing sneaky maybe illegal stuff with a money-hungry merc deeply in bed with the Chinese government  …
Trump’s daughter , son in law Jared, Rudy’s son, Barr’s son-in-law all work at the White House. Barr’s daughter works at Treasury. Trump’s sons do foreign business. Trump’s daughter is getting Chinese patents & Saudi grants.”  …
Anti-Australian Chinese demand anti-white laws in Australian politics, so Chinese can get elected into government even if they are unpopular and people think they are loyal to Chinese Communist Party. That's probably how it works in China, too.  …
Why is Huawei offering incredibly cheap telecom equipment? Because the Chinese government is investing billions in building a global surveillance network. @Nigel_Farage, @michaeljknowles, and I discuss on #Verdict: 
Church News CCP’s Persecution of Chinese Christians Condemned at German Seminar #persecution #HumanRights #church #Christian #freedom  …
[ Chinese restaurant ] doc: *reading fortune cookie* “you will  better through longer call hours and worsening staffing ratios” administrator: wow, sounds like a real opportunity! doc: admin: doc: did you make these- admin: gotta go! you can work this weekend then?
We successfully transferred 162,648.00THB to @AllAroundPerth on March 6th to support Happy PERTH's Day project. Thx all Chinese fans support Thx @AllAroundPerth for your hard work on this birthday project We are looking forward to it #KDPPE 
Chinese Hotel Collapses While Being Used To Observe Coronavirus Contacts Dozens of people were trapped in the rubble as rescuers with flashlights attempted to find them.  …
This weekend would be a great time to go out for Chinese — whether you're in the mood for handmade dumplings or Sichuan classics 
"This is all for show/fear mongering. Nothing but a [DS] tactic. Do you really believe the Chinese gvmt would let this video out if it were legit? We are watching a movie! [They] are trying to use fear to control people. Think logically. Pray. Enjoy the show" -  …
CCP likes globalization, in Chinese style 
As Erik Prince continues dirty trickster operations in the US, he is actively supporting agenda of the Chinese government - Prince’s  FSG majority owned by Chinese govt just announced they are providing security services in Hong Kong   …
#BREAKING Chinese hotel used to observe coronavirus contacts collapses; dozens trapped  
Also everyone please support your local Chinese takeout spot this weekend they’ve been holding it down for so long don’t let racist ideas make you not support them or buy food from Chinese spots get that sesame chicken lunch special
Same question, different answer in English and Chinese. Can you tell me why? 
@FBI needs to be talking to Erik Prince, like yesterday. Prince is in partnership with the Chinese Government with his  Frontier Services Group, & is simultaneously conducting undocumented intelligence ops on US soil cc @thespybrief @TheRickWilson  …
Discussing all this with ABB team, u won't want to miss what ABB has uncovered & verified. At the end of the episode there will be no doubt that #Coronavirus is a bio weapon based off its own genetic code. Which, matches South Chinese scientist saying it originated from a lab.  …
Twitter: The words virus and bacteria are different so antibacterial hand sanitizer doesn’t work. I need no further reading Facebook: My infrared amethyst will kill the coronavirus, which is just the regular flu but the MSM is calling it a fake virus which also the Chinese made
PLEASE READ this article. Li Zehua resigned from state-run China Central TV to report on #coronavirus. Last week, Chinese agents found him. Here is @cnmediaproject’s translation of his last remarks as they pounded on his door. He hasn’t been seen  …
I can't find Chinese equivalent stats, and I'm not certain they'v  but there are still known issues despite a push to improve quality -  …
yes he's an amazing dancer but sometimes I feel like we as a society don't talk about his voice enough, I genuinely think it's so unique and when he does it in chinese god help me  …
the fact that sm has the best dancer ever in  and yet they are so stingy with wayv dance practices, kicked him out of nct dance channel, not booking those choreo collabs for dance covers, not showing him off thru chinese variety shows where he can showcase dancing 
The sheer vehemence with which the CCP is now pushing the 'virus wasn't Chinese' makes me think the odds - still small - of it being a routine biosafety accident are higher than I would have otherwise thought.
500,000! 500K CHINESE ALLOWED INTO PH BY D30 ADM DURING PEAK OF COVID-19 That's abt 200 Pinoys to 1 Chinese & we have only 6 cases, possible? Or is it quietly spreading, ready to explode? If it does it's time to stop D30's before he destroys the Ph. He must be removed & arrested.  …
Wuhan Sixth Hospital has been treating novel #coronavirus pnuemonia, or COVID-19, with traditional Chinese medicine ( #TCM). Cai Zehao is one of the therapists who have been working 12 hours every day. Here we take a look at the intensive work day of Cai and his 
Chinese Hotel Used As Coronavirus Quarantine Site Collapses; Dozens Trapped  …
Coronavirus: Japan to invalidate 3 million visas held by Chinese, Hong Kong, Macau, South Korean nationals  …
“This is the Wuhan coronavirus.” @SecPompeo refuses to accept Chinese attempts to cast doubt on where the disease outbreak originated. 
Chinese Hotel used as Quarantine for coronavirus, collapses. Sounds totally normal. China has lots of bizarre events occurring since losing $50,000,000,000.00 to US farmers in the trade deal. A country with a sudden health crisis after losing billions in trade? Trump was right.
My pilgrimage's roommates from the “underground” Chinese church. One single word defines what they're feeling under this pontificate: BETRAYAL. Let's pray for them! 
Congratulations to @VICI as they are the 1st Chinese team to advance to the #ESLOne Rio Asia Minor! 
Take a look at these pictures Map shows #coronavirus outbreak in Iran It started from Qom province There were many Chinese mullahs there Mahan Airline transferred many China citizens including Chinese mullahs to/from Iran There was no #COVIDー19 in Iran. 
#AyatollahsSpreadCOVID19 even Chinese are puzzled why their people visiting Iran have contracted 11 new varieties of #Coronavid19 different to those found in China.The  regime in Tehran has spread the virus all World over & must be forced  with #WHO’s advices
Chinese Researcher At University Of Tennessee Arrested For Wire Fraud And Making False Statements About Affiliation With A Chinese University Hu engaged in a scheme to defraud NASA by concealing his affiliation with Beijing University of Technology.  …
The world: You can't just put the coronavirus in a vaguely racist Chinese costume to clown on them Mexico: Hold my cerveza  …
Chinese govt to contribute $20 million to the @WHO for supporting developing countries in dealing with #COVID19: Ambassador Chen Xu, China's permanent representative to the UN Office in 
I only say this to suggest that containment has likely failed. The initial Chinese outbreak was largely contained but failures in Italy/Iran allowed it to spread undetected in a second wave. Infection in a tourist haven is as problematic as Chinese New Year travel 
“The conservative case for climate change” “The conservative case for open borders” “The conservative case for Chinese supply chains” “The conservative case for climate change” “The conservative case for drag queen story hour”
Giving a brief talk (10 minutes) to college students about why joking about all Asians having the coronavirus is not okay. I plan to provide the context of the Chinese Exclusion Act & the current global racial violence. Anything else?
US was late to develop test 4 #Coronavirus. Germany had a test a week after Chinese scientists released the genome info. World Health Org had one shortly after & gave it to 60 countries. US said no to it. In #NYC we have 2700+ ppl quarantine. Most may be infection  …
Our media still seems very willy-nilly about important information with covid 19. We want to know what towns and how many people in them towns have got it? i'm not worried myself as i'm 100% fit, But i still want to avoid it!! Importantly is it safe to have a Chinese takeaway?
Tibetan language advocate Tashi Wangchuk has been detained for 4 yrs by Chinese authorities simply for promoting education of the Tibetan language. The Chinese govt should immediately release him & end its repression of the Tibetan people. 
There’s a 2nd, more dangerous coronavirus strain, Chinese scientists say in controversial study  …
Behind an able man there are always other able men. ~ Chinese Proverb
[weverse] : I am writing Chinese characters for my school project, but it is too hard. Taehyun, are you good at Chinese characters? : My homeroom teacher was a Chinese teacher when I was in the second grade of middle school : But I didn't do well 
Here is what @Bob_Iaccino is focusing on next week: U.S. interest rates make all-time lows U.S. & Chinese CPI data released next week Will ECB cut rates next week?
Chinese hotel being used to quarantine coronavirus patients collapses, trapping 70 people under rubble  …
Needless to say, this is bad. Rescue workers scrambling to dig people out of a collapsed Xinjia Hotel in Quanzhou, Fujian province. Chinese media report the hotel had (at least partially) been converted into quarantine housing for suspected coronavirus patients. 
BREAKING NEWS: Chinese State Media are reporting that a hotel being used to quarantine people with #coronavirus has just collapsed. 70 people are trapped in the building. I hope there isn’t more to this than meets the eyes. This is very sad 
Rifleman Jaswant Singh is quite often regarded as ‘Solo Warrior’ who single-handedly terrorised the Chinese army for three days so much so that he killed 300 Chinese soldiers all by himself. It was because of his belligerent presence, China failed to conquer Arunachal Pradesh. 
I am from the South. I speak 2 South languages fluently BUT I also learnt Hindi because it's a language that most of the country speaks. Let's stop with this 'I will not do this cos it's not from here'. Then don't eat Italian, Chinese, Punjabi food also. Smh.  …
Chinese doctors say autopsies of coronavirus victims suggest the deadly illness is “like  of SARS and AIDS” that can cause “irreversible” lung damage even if the patient recovers. More Evidence that this is “Just a Flu” #COVID19 #coronavirus  
You have an entire row of chinese car workshops and I have never seen ANY of these workshops empty. EVER. For 2 years. Blows my mind each time.
I’m speaking from personal experience so maybe bias. Basically i have a shop and i supply stuff. My chinese vendors would happily give me the products i need at ‘special price’ (so i can mark up a bit more)
China: aggressive measures + fake numbers Iran: No measures + fake numbers South Korea: aggressive measures + real numbers USA: no measures + no numbers Italy: aggressive measures (but late) + real numbers Trusting Chinese numbers lead to dramatic underestimation.
HIKARU KEMO CITY English version 1187~1190 #kemocity #kemono Last 4 episode  … Original website(In Traditional Chinese)  
Look at the difference: “Taking traditional herbal remedies” is missing on the list of “shouldn’t do” on the Chinese version. @WHO could you please explain? (Pics from 
About 70 people are trapped after a hotel collapsed in the Chinese city of Quanzhou, officials say 
Racist fcuks all over are saying oo dont eat Chinese food because coronavirus but I have not heard a single person say hey, dont eat pasta or give up pizza even though the virus primarily came to India through Italy.  …
Globalization, by supporting unsustainable economic systems, aids horrible regimes like #China's. If it takes the end of globalization to end  then let's end globalization.  …
'Chinese infrastructure is superior' It really really really depends..... Like subways and trains? Yes because lmao @American subways and rail But China isn't magically protected from crappy construction contracts like some t*nkies think it is
Who is that scientists who told "Paracetamol" tablet is enough to cure Corona? Telangana Chief Minister KCR says just a single tablet of Paracetamol can cure Corona. Chinese people are so dumb they don't even know this cure. Italy and also so dumb. 
#BuildTheWall 328 Chinese Nationals Caught Trying To Illegally Enter U.S. At Southern Border  …
Political decisions greatly aided the rise of #China as a "manufacturing hub," and political decisions can end its role as such. Beijing, through its repulsive and belligerent behavior, will aid those of us who want to cut trade links with the Chinese regime.  …
The collapsed economy of the whole world A random Chinese man eats a bat 
#CORONAVIRUS2 Here's why Chinese scientists say there's a second, more dangerous #CORONAVIRUS strain One older strain and less aggressive and a newer version whose mutations may have made it more contagious and more deadly #MOG #BlueWave2020  …
We don't suggest that Pakistan use ducks to contain #Locusts swarms. It was not the suggestion from the Chinese expert team. The truth of the ridiculous #duck rumor, Chinese expert interviewed by the Global Times. 
In WHO’s English coronavirus FAQ, it suggests u should NOT take herbal medicine to prevent COVID19. The advice mysteriously disappears in the Chinese counterpart. Context: CN gov has been actively endorsing traditional medicine treatment, there’s little clinical evidence. 
Dear  Prepare for a bot invasion. @justinsuntron is working hard on putting together a "community" that will probably be instructed to raid your Twitter threads and show you as the bad guys The battle is far from over and the Chinese bot troops are gathering 
Pictures posted by netizens on Chinese social media platform Weixin has revealed that the Xinjia Hotel, which is believed to be a #coronavirus quarantine site,  toppled down. As of 7.30 pm, 16 people have been rescued, according to Chinese media. 
Company tied to Chinese Intelligence Makes propaganda video trying to obscure their spying This is exactly why We cannot trust #Huawei in our 5G systems Or anywhere else for that matter h/t  …
#BREAKING: A five-storey hotel in Quanzhou in the Fujian province suddenly collapses on March 7 evening. Several Chinese media outlets say that the hotel is currently being used as a quarantine site for #COVIDー19. About a dozen have been rescued. Internet 
He also call them chinese plzz unsubscribe nd report  …
Chinese doctors in #Wuhan's Tongji Hospital shared their experience with #COVID19 control with their counterparts in #Italy in a 
Just a few weeks ago, Human Right Watch folks call Chinese lockdown/quarantine as human rights violation, despite the fact that WHO experts’ positive message on Chinese actions. Now I don’t see HRW call similar actions by other countries as violations. What that tells us?
I think we should keep calling Covid-19 Coronavirus, Wuhan Virus. Besides the fact that Ebola is named after the Ebola river in Africa, it’s important we remember where this virus came from and how it started. Also, the Chinese Government wants everyone to forget about it.
A Chinese artist creates stunning 1,650ft ladder in the sky with fireworks in tribute to his grandmother ⠀ by Cai Guo Qiang 
Chinese President #XiJinping's key quotes on achieving poverty alleviation while fighting COVID19 more:  
Yogi Adityanath goes viral on Chinese social media for ‘yoga cures coronavirus’ speech ThePrint's Kritika Sharma @S_kritika 
China exported its coronavirus crisis by initially concealing it, instead of taking early and decisive action. Now, is China threatening to weaponize its near monopoly on global supply of pharmaceutical ingredients, with Xinhua highlighting how a Chinese export ban will impact? 
A 100-year-old Wuhan patient with #COVID19 was discharged Saturday, marking the oldest recovered patient in China. Army clinical specialists participated in his treatment and traditional Chinese medicine #TCM contributed to treating the virus: 
But...MCA is all Chinese  …
I would like to confirm that Philip is sadly still alive, Recent reports that he has died  back as the #coronavirus are just Chinese propaganda!
Because we need to have some chill nights once in a while. (Best to spend them over drinks with friends, while crying over fictional Chinese men, right?) Note: no minors allowed 
*someone causing a scene in a restaurant. American: Please leave or we are going to be forced to call security Sir. Ugandans: Gwe kino jawo ebinyo byo wano oba toze kulya. Chinese: *coughs twice
"Even after Chinese President Xi Jinping personally ordered officials to control the outbreak on Jan 7, authorities kept denying it could spread between humans—something doctors had known was happening since late December—and went ahead with a ... banquet"  …
Ching Shih was a Chinese pirate leader who terrorized the China Seas in the early 19th-century.  over 300 ships and manned them with 20,000 to 40,000 pirates. #WomensHistoryMonth  
The just-released trade numbers out of China illustrate the severe economic disruptions caused by the coronavirus. Here’s the @FT on the 17% drop in #Chinese exports. #economy #markets #trade #china 
Apple, Microsoft, Google look to move production away from China. That's not going to be easy #China Big  the way of the Chinese economy, debt and employment.  …
China appears to treat Islam in the Xinjiang region as a mental viral disease, with enforced quarantine (camps), intensive treatment (pro-China anti-Islam education), and restriction of viral outbreak hotspots (mosques closed). Do you approve or disapprove these Chinese policies?
Quarantined Wuhan residents shout 'fake, fake' from their windows at Chinese Vice Premier 
Same thing happened in Wuhan. As a result, confirmed case numbers were kept low AND death numbers were kept low. The Chinese mortality data is wrong in both the denominator AND the numerator.  …
#REPOST @blackvegantube They missing that black dollar ain’t they?! Well I don’t see many Chinese buying and eating at black restaurants  …
It’s HYON time fam Helpa me! Helpa me! *Tariq voice* The Chinese restaurants are empty! “Where are all the niggahs!!” “I don’t have money to pay rent” “Business is as low as 90%” ”We’re worried abt the rise of anti-Asian racism!” Full unedited vid in reply 
the ox ; this is the year he was born and also his chinese zodiac !! 
"Chinese authorities prioritized the suppression of bad news over the welfare of the people." @KenRoth, Executive Director of @hrw, on the response of China's authorities to #COVIDー19. Watch the full interview:  
Japan will temporarily nullify 2.8 million visas held by Chinese and 17,000 held by South Koreans to prevent the new coronavirus from spreading in the country, the Foreign Ministry said Friday.  …
While the #US and the #EU are doing nothing to help #Italy in its struggle against #CoronaVirus the Chinese government has delivered to the country thousands of badly needed masks. 
My gaming YouTube channel with 3 million subs, previously named "Fortnite Funny" has been hacked and spammed with hundreds of random Chinese videos! Please help me! @Fwiz @TeamYouTube  …
Drama at main gate a Chinese man wanted to enter school he was wearing his face mask and upon reaching securities then he coughed all of them scatter upon the mask !! Then they started interrogating him like Asif they would know If he has corona virus
#Philippines - #Filipino police probes 2 #Chinese murder suspects with #China's 'People's Liberation Army' IDs This after a report that the army is validating information that about 2,000-3,000 Chinese soldiers are in the country on an" immersion mission"  …
A wise man makes his own decisions. An ignorant man follows public opinion. - Chinese Proverb 
I saw a story on the news where some people in my city were not eating at Chinese restaurants because they were afraid of getting coronavirus. You have to be sum dum to think you're going to get coronavirus by eating dim sum.
Ayy Chinese visa hype. Who wants to hang out 
Estimated number of Peoples who traveled in following events in 2019: 1.Chinese New Year: 415M 2. Kumbh Mela: 150M 3. U.S Holiday Season: 115.6M 4. Thanksgiving: 55.3M 5. Arba'een Pilgrimage: 21.0M 6. Hajj: 2.5M (News Reports)
why even bother mentioning Chinese report data. When we all know that their government is not able to tell any truth.
[Some thoughts on Chinese ultranationalism online. A thread?] This tweet demonstrates the sort of vitriol HK netizens have been increasingly exposed to in Cantonese social media circles, especially more and more in the last five years.  …
From PRISM to the latest scandal of CIA attacking Chinese firms and govt organs, this is why we say US is the real "hacking empire." 
The Economist: "American bungling has more  with the catastrophic early stages of the Chinese epidemic—when officials minimised risks and punished truth-tellers, thus letting the disease spread…—than with [China's] later co-ordinated…efforts." 
Imagine the global outrage if the Chinese were to do the same to Africans in China, calling them AIDS/Ebola?
Unless that life is a baby or gay man being executed by deranged Muslim monsters or a Muslim wife who was raped or a Muslim women with no head cover or Jews in Germany or Castro’s Cubans or Chinese prisoners etc You are messed up upstairs @Ilhan
This is a plain fact that some overlook, including @BorisJohnson: "Huawei is not a normal  it is an extension of the Chinese surveillance state."— @StephenHarper. As @SpeakerPelosi has put it, China's promotion of Huawei is "the most insidious form of 
all the  about because english uses the word dumpling to describe three kinds of discrete snack 1. steamed/boiled ball - knodel, stew dumplings, gnocchi 2. filled skins - most chinese dumplings , manti 3. deep fried filled parcel - samosa, kibbeh, coxinha
Artwork by the Chinese-American painter Chen Yanning (Chinese: 陈衍宁; b. Guangzhou, 1945). You can see more of his gorgeous portfolio here:  
Chinese government moved masses of Muslims in concentration camps into forced labor factories, which are in the supply chain of  including: - Nike - Dell - Apple Good chance your favorite products were, in part, made by Uighur Muslim prison labor. #China
Back in the swing again with #SixonSaturday. Chinese Witch Hazel ’EverRed’, Muscari, my tabletop spring display, iris reticulata (think it's Harmony), Hyacinth ’Peter Stuyvesant’ and iris reticulata ’Katharine Hopkins’. 
The number of cases from the new #coronavirus topped 100,000 worldwide as official data showed a significant hit to Chinese exports after the deadly outbreak brought much of the country to a halt 
How are Chinese kids entertaining themselves, as they are kept home amid the #coronavirus outbreak? 
Uighur Muslims sent to work in Chinese factory that supplies Nike, report finds  …
"There is nothing like a dream to create the future." Victor Hugo Liu Kongxis, Chinese 
The Chinese regime, by suppressing the truth about its deadly coronavirus, has endangered not only its own people but also the   …
Chinese social media goes full fury after Wuhan's top leader suggests that "gratitude education" must be carried out among the people of Wuhan.  
COVERUP IN BEIJING: Chinese whistleblowers say virus recovery 'fake, it's all fake' ...  …
13 GWh of lithium-ion batteries for Chinese electric motorcycles alone in 2019. Huge numbers from a segment that most are not even aware exists.  …
bet he is the most flexible member junnie: doing the splits hao: chinese kungfu!!! (in chinese) #세븐틴⁠ ⁠⁠ #SEVENTEEN⁠ ⁠⁠ #준 #JUN #文俊辉 
Yogi Adityanath goes viral on Chinese social media for ‘yoga cures coronavirus’ speech ThePrint's Kritika Sharma @S_kritika 
Chinese violet cress 
Chinese Hair Dressers are using long scissor for hair cutting #COVID2019 
Study: Nike, Apple, BMW Among 83 Brands Using Chinese Muslim Slave Labor 
Looks like there a rumble on the ground, a small tremor amongst the ranks. - is Duterte losing grip on his PNP and AFP hooligans? Even dick Gordon’s out for Dut’s neck Increase in crime ‘directly dependent’ on number of Chinese in PH  … via @inquirerdotnet
Nigeria Police Go Viral in China for Corruption. Chinese Individuals Residing in Nigeria Recorded This and Took it back home. We have gone Global! Credit: 
"there were a lot of Chinese people on my flight and they kept sneezing" This is racist if we are keeping it a buck though blinds as masks are useless too  …
The anime industry is about to be going through one of the roughest times it ever has. Chinese outsourcing is essentially impossible right now, so they thought Korean outsourcing could save everything. Now there’s travel bans between Japan and South Korea.
All these pathetic gutless whingers wetting their beds over a bleedin' Chinese virus. 
Coronavirus is like pasta. The Chinese invented it but the Italians are spreading it around! #coronavirus
【 #DayDayUp】 #WangYibo challenge to cook Chinese cuisine - shredded chicken! Does #Yibo succeed in his mission Find out only on #MangotvAPP Watch it on tomorrow at 22:00  or  #王一博 #왕이보 
This is incredible. Thank you @chesaboudin for visiting my humble neighborhood ( @sfportola) and standing firmly with the Chinese   …
Lobsters that used to get shipped to Asia for Chinese New Year celebrations have been grounded by the rise in coronavirus. With the lobsters pouring into North American markets, prices have sunk to the lowest level in four years, according to one report. 
Live: Chinese officials hold 40th news conference on efforts to contain #COVID19 in  …
This was a major incident. Has it ever "OFFICIALLY" been resolved? It was a precursor to Trump outlawing multiple Chinese products  from doing business with the US Government. It also was a precursor to 5G. So many names are ones we've seen before?  …
78 million Chinese rural workers have already returned to work, accounting for 60% of the total who left for home for the Chinese New Year holiday, a government official said on Saturday, as China steps up measures to limit the disruption to businesses from the Covid19 outbreak.
+ @ppl finding it funny that ur local chinese restaurant are sending out texts/flyers asking ppl to continue eating there + having to CLARIFY their food is safe: they have families. that’s their livelihood. businesses they built. imagine their panic.  pls
This happens so often; DAP (read: the Chinese) wld be painted as the boogeyman. These bare-faced liars wd lie, get sued, pay up & apologise. But I think they know tht the damage has been done, the poison has been injected into the veins of those who want to believe these lies. /1  …
Thailand is hindering Chinese tourists because of the novel coronavirus outbreak, normally an unthinkable step for a country that relies on their spending for economic growth 
"I am so excited and nervous to see you guys soon!" #BLACKPINK’s #LISA expressed her excitement to her Chinese fans on #SinaWeibo about her first #show in #China #QingChunYouNi, or #YouthWithYou, on Saturday. 
Amazing #Chinese arrogance & duplicity #China's cover up of the outbreak allowed it to spread worldwide & now they demand an apology...... Mainland #Chinese media demands an apology from the rest of the world for the sacrifice #China has made for #coronavirus  …
The supply shock is not just about factory workers. It's about: Chinese tourists not spending the usual $18 billion a year in Thailand Executives who usually rack up air miles being forced to scrap travel Millions working from home 
The All-China Journalists Association denounced on Friday the United States State Department's de facto expulsion of dozens of US-based Chinese journalists, and urged Washington to immediately end its discriminatory restrictions.
Yea I shouldn’t pukul rata, got good hearted ones in all races and yes we all do what we can to survive together. But do you ever notice how strong Chinese Chambers of Commerce are? They really protek their members.
Bringing this back when iKON lost their mind when Hanbin hugged a chinese singer on stage Especially Bobby 
The best boy Kim Wooseok wearing his birthday gifts again! The Valentino dragonfly print shirt is a gift from his Chinese fanbase @OnlyKws_1027 and the Valentino coat is from fansite @yogurt_1027 
Traders were congratulating themselves for having largely weathered the virus storm because they had stacked up their inventories of Chinese-made parts to cover the Lunar New Year holiday period. However, the riots dealt a shattering blow on their optimism  …
For fuck's sake. The Chinese diaspora in Calcutta have suffered enough from racism, xenophobia and state sponsored persecution. And this is now getting ridiculous. People actually think eating Chinese food might give you COVID19.  …
CoVid-19 cases in the Philippines: Patient 1: 44 y/o male Chinese national from Wuhan, China; 1st CoVid-19 death outside of China. Patient 2: 38 y/o female Chinese national from Wuhan, China; partner or wife of Patient 1; recovered and returned to China.
“I am so excited and nervous to see you guys soon!” #BLACKPINK’s #LISA expressed her exciting mood to her Chinese fans about her first #show #QingChunYouNi in #China on her #SinaWeibo account Saturday. @ygofficialblink 
'Fake, Fake': senior Chinese leader heckled by residents on visit to #coronavirus city of  …
Chinese mainland reports 25 new #COVID-19 cases outside Hubei. 24 of them are imported from outside mainland  
By the end of March 6, #COVID-19 on Chinese mainland: -55,404 patients discharged from hospital -80,651 confirmed cases -3,070 death  
I think it really says something that Bhutan got its first case through an American tourist and not a Chinese tourist though China has a much higher caseload. While my sympathies are with the US tourist & I wish him well, the Trump administration needs to get its act together.
bye y’all think it’s the Chinese people carrying all the diseases  …
Absolutely LAUGHABLE #Coronavirus PROPAGANDA video clip from the Chinese government! When governments resort to promoting window-dressing like this, you can bet your bottom dollar that things are really out of control! 
Shuping Wang reported a 13% HIV infection rate in Zhoukou to Chinese officials. They destroyed her research and sent a man to wreck her testing clinic. In celebration of 
Singaporean Chinese  when western people mistake them for people for the PRC but insist on calling all south Asian people Indians and use Malay and Muslim interchangeably.
Three Chinese medical experts from Tongji Hospital in #Wuhan on Wednesday shared their experiences treating the #novelcoronavirus disease ( #COVID19) with their Italian peers who made inquiries on a video 
Some Malaysian entrepreneurs could not get their supplies from China manufacturers causing their businesses to suffer greatly. The chinese manufacturers are ready to export. I don’t know if this over cautious (due to Covid-19) approach by the previous govt is necessary.
China refutes U.S. report about Chinese ship firing laser at American aircraft  
Beijing's state anchor is banned from hosting shows after claiming Chinese should apologize for causing coronavirus outbreak 
With the current #COVID19 outbreak, Chinese women are showing their strength in various fields  #ShePower 
Let out a single cough (mouth covered) on my train home from the doctor. Some white bitch in front of me: oh my god are you sick with that Chinese virus? Me: no ma'am I just have allergies Her: oh what are you allergic to? Me: to your bullshit, turn around.
It’s true Chinese don’t like our sejarah. Wait. Think again. Do they not like our sejarah? Or do they not like our Sejarah Textbook? If it’s the latter, why? I’m sure everyone knows the true answer. But not many want to admit it.  …
Match point from @MirzaSania and @ankita_champ's epic 2h26m doubles win over Chinese Taipei yesterday The loud chants of "India, India" can be heard by an enthusiastic crowd of Indians, while Sowjanya and Riya are seen egging the crowd on Video - Niharika, Indian based in Dubai 
Trump Blocks Chinese Deal for U.S. Software Firm StayNTouch, Cites National Security Risk -  …
"One generation plants the trees; another gets the shade." ~ Chinese Proverb
Had a very successful event at University of Redlands orgainzed by @Y_A_Freedom Young Americans for Freedom. After I finished my speech, they asked many question about #COVIDー19 , possilbe origin of it, what is the best way for US to help the Chinese people to gain freedom, etc. 
“Ha haha Americans don’t eat rice unless it’s Chinese food ” meanwhile black and brown people got generations of home cooked meals that include both rice and beans  …
The Department of Homeland Security says that hundreds of Chinese nationals have attempted to illegally enter the United States through the southern border since the outbreak of the coronavirus in China. 
US spy plane pilots using Russian, Chinese navigation satellites during missions 
Well you know the way those Chinese were pouring over that long open border we have with them. Clearly we need a big beautiful wall in Alaska. Or a president who isn't a moron. 
There were too many cases like this. Eyewitness told @RFA_Chinese he saw the #HongKong police riot squad escorted the “undercover” cops after someone done the arson down in the MTR station. Yea, that’s why PK Tang said it’s difficult to investigate criminal damage 
There will be many other social problems exposed as the outbreak continues. I'll pause here in case u think I'm wearing a tinfoil hat and stirring up fear. Here's a civil database of Chinese ppl who are suffering from coronavirus. Feel free to read it w/ google translation
#boytrudeau always has labels for people:Chinese-Canadian;LGBTQ Canadian: Black-Canadian; senior- Eastern-Canadian: etc.... If you could give a LABEL - to Trudeau what would it be? (i mean he labels citizens, so this makes it fair game) Justin Trudeau is a: ________ Canadian
Facts about Russia’s Vostok oil project that India will be investing in: * Worth $157 bn * By 2030 oil production will be of 100 million tons * Japanese and Chinese investors eager to invest As India doesn’t have oil reserves this project is of incredible significance.
The Chinese Communist Party has not allowed Western virologists into Wuhan . Why ? What are they hiding and did this  out of a lab ?  …
Why is Chinese government propaganda on prominent display next to the checkout at a Melbourne Airport newsagent? 
LRT: Their Story, Chinese lesbian  is being published in book form in China! This is really exciting; I hope  to print in English too. 
This is your daily reminder that Hunter Biden scored a $1.5 BILLION deal with the Chinese government after flying there on Air Force 2 That is on top of his $3.1 million in salary from Burisma Why isn't the media camped outside of Biden HQ demanding answers?
The same Chinese flight school that Michael McCormack gave Cohuna $2.75 million for to develop an airstrip there for "international pilot training"?  …
You can blame all whites for imaginary smallpox warfare hundreds of years ago, but you can’t blame the Chinese government for the spread of #coronavirus This is the Asylum your world turns into when radical Leftists own the institutions.
The Chinese government keeps saying that the numerous reports on its detention of one million Uighur and other Turkic Muslims for forced indoctrination are "lies and rumors," but it refuses to give the UN rights chief unfettered access to find for herself. 
5. Fake news and alternative medication. This has been going on for a while. In China there's government-endorsed Chinese medicine (very little clinical evidence), and the US shines with Mike Pence's prayers.  …
(rumour) Mark will release his new song (probably Chinese song) on March 14th. The song will be released on Netease Cloud Music which is like spotify for Chinese fans. if the rumour is true, i’ll make a tutorial on how to purchase songs on netease #MarkTuan #段宜恩  …
BUT. If I were going to engineer a scenario in which the Chinese government was going to attack the United States financially, stall our economy, create havoc in society, and hurt Trump's reelection chances in the fall... I could  up with a better plan than this.
#REALNEWS: 328 Chinese nationals tried to sneak into the U.S. at our southern border. So, remind me again...what's the best way to stop #coronavirus? #BuildTheWall Put #AmericaFirst. #WalkAwayFromDemocrats.  a #FreeThinker. Re-elect @potus #Trump2020 #4MoreYears.  …
[Lisa Weibo Chinese Caption Rough Trans] I will be meeting everyone soon~ I am excited and also nervous! Please take care of yourselves [Love you] Let's wait together for my debut in China!  …
But the virus is out now, we can see its effects around the world without the thumb of the Chinese government on it. I am not panicked by what I am seeing, but yet I am seeing a panicked RESPONSE.
Somebody just told me that Corona virus emerged in China because they eat non-vegetarian food. I told them that the Chinese also eat RICE. A lot of  silence
After talking to several friends, I realize many ppl still aren't prepared for the societal impacts of coronavirus. Want to dedicate a thread about what I observed in Chinese society, and what you should be mentally prepared for. It goes beyond the disease itself:
Tips for trashing a state's economy 1)Wash your hands of capitalism 2) Shake hands with Communist-Rub elbows with socialist. Let their ideologies get under your skin 3) Scrub the law books of any salient law while humming the Chinese national anthem 4) Flush your economy
This coverage of Chinese ancient ritual is very impressive: “Villain hitting”, Hongkongers lining up to hex the city’s leader, government officials, police force and pro-democracy lawmaker amid political division.  … via @hongkongfp
This virus is going to be around for a long time. Someone will have to break that to the Chinese public 
Lisa updated her weibo "See you soon ~ Looking forward to and nervous! Please take care of me Let's wait for my Chinese debut!"  … #블랙핑크 #리사 #LISA #LALISA #小莎 #リサ #ลิซ่า #لیسا #BLACKPINK 
Don't want coronavirus? Fucking wash you hands. Don't lick things. And don't be gross. Also, I heard you're supposed to stay away from Chinese restaurants.
also for those saying shit ab it being a “chinese starbucks” this isn’t an isolated incident 
NGL I love that chinese media is really excited about Taehyung's OST. There are quite a lot of articles about it
My Chinese Heart - Behind the Scenes 
Grindr sold by Chinese owner after national security concerns  …
This is what  failure in leader ship looks like. 832 Chinese nationals were just caught being smuggled across our border into California. Tens of thousands of homeless people urinate & defecate on our city streets Gavin Newsom wants us to “wash our hands“  …
If you don't see this hypocrisy, then you're either blind or racist yourself. You had verbal warning time & again but the same result runs that people do not take Chinese seriously enough & then blame them for their *own*  F U to racists & their media
Residents in Wuhan, the Chinese city where the coronavirus epidemic broke and officials at first covered up the news and hastened its spread,  from their balconies at visiting government officials: “fake, fake, everything is fake.”  
Yes Hank asks a good question. The Chinese put almost the entire country under home quarantine and in many places has arrest-on-site orders if someone was on the street. That's what you have to do to beat this disease.
By unanimous consent, the Senate honored Dr. #LiWenliang, the #Chinese #Whistleblower-doctor who raised the alarm on the #CoronavirusOutbreak late last year in  …
Miyu directed by Julien Chheng and SuJang Xu looks gorgeous so far! I definitely feel like this was influenced by Chinese animation of the past. Has similar colors to ink wash animation and visually similar to the  Fog Hill of the Five Elements. Can't wait to see more!  …
No suicidal shit but I want some Chinese food
"I know it’s hard to make  true. Don’t worry, I’ll  with u," said #BLACKPINK's #LISA to contestants in a Chinese talent show, on which the #kpop idol will appear as a dance instructor. @TeamLisaPH @lisadaebak @LaliceThailand @BlackPink_ZA 
Just went to go get Chinese food. The restaurant owners were happy to see me. There were a few people in there. But they definitely are feeling the stigma.
In order to offset the racism and fear stoked by the coronavirus outbreak, I have decided to eat exclusively at Chinese restaurants for the foreseeable future.
UT Knoxville Professor Arrested, Charged for Double-Dealing with Chinese Government and NASA Things that make you go  …
Want a laugh? A  just emailed me today and offered me a whole case of N95 masks in exchange for advertising on my YouTube channel! 
A letter from a three-months-new-fan A Chinese Danity wrote a letter, to talk about her feelings  … #강다니엘 #kangdaniel #姜丹尼尔 #カンダニエル #คังแดเนียล
I just realized that someone tried to insult Yixing by saying average Korean length was three inches. Which is funny bc Yixing is Chinese... but you know who’s Korean tho???
The threat from China is real, The FBI is investigating more than 1,000 cases of Chinese theft of US technology 
328 Chinese Nationals Caught Trying To Illegally Enter U.S. At Southern Border  via @realDailyWire @RealSaavedra
Don’t stop going to shows. Don’t stop doing to restaurants (particularly Chinese restaurants, c’mon people!). Just wash your hands and be sensible. The fear-mongering and panic is getting insane. And also, we who work in venues and restaurants need to still be able to work!
The main opposition was Joe Biden. I have a soft spot for Kooky Uncle Joe, but even a generous reading of the man must concede that he is gaffe prone relic with a history of failure. He is the political equivalent of the 3-month old Chinese leftovers in the back of the fridge.
Great to visit #Hurstville with @AlboMP @LindaBurneyMP @jennymcallister to support local businesses doing it tough. These are not Chinese or Asian businesses. They are Aussie businesses.  …
Coronavirus: US excludes Chinese face masks and medical gear from trade war tariffs  …
They knew it sooner than that. We have spies and they were no doubt reporting some medical problem in Wuhan long before Chinese acted. I want to know when DOPUS first heard and ignored it in his daily briefing.
Chinese coronavirus signs telling people to stay home. They’re funnier in Mandarin but to give you some idea, the first one says “Today you go out to meet friends. Tomorrow the only person left alive in your family will be the dog.” 
It’s been A WEEK so I’m going to get obliterated on Chinese takeout, cookies n’ cream, and tv—binge   
Chinese tech giant Baidu sells content-moderation services. A demo shows a picture of Obama speaking in front of a U.S. flag. Its algorithm concluded it depicted a public figure with 98% certainty, and contained “politically sensitive content.” 
Any gullible soul still out there believing that a foreign inspector will be allowed to see even a fraction of reality when also a senior Chinese official is staged to see a Potemkin village?  …
All Chinese and Russian ambassadors to Lebanon are fluent Arabic speakers—unlike US ambassadors. The previous Chinese ambassador had a PhD in Arabic literature and she was even more fluent than this fluent ambassador.  …
The Chinese term for Catholicism is Tiānzhǔjiào (lit. Religion of the Lord of Heaven), while Protestant is Jīdūjiào xīnjiào (lit. the New Religion, New Christianity). The Chinese language makes it sound like there are two entirely different religions. It is true though lmao
The amount of discrimination I’m seeing rise from fears of coronavirus is what has me the most concerned. It is NOT the “Chinese coronavirus” as I’ve seen  call it. Sickness does not discriminate or care about race/color. This is an all human problem.
Two rules living as a Malaysian Chinese: (1) When anything goes wrong nationally, it is always your fault (2) When in doubt, refer to rule (1)  …
U.S. excludes Chinese face masks, medical gear from tariffs as coronavirus spreads  
Why do Chinese restaurants always have such amazing French fries?! if you don’t order a side of fries with your Chinese food you’re missing out man
“This is the Wuhan coronavirus.” @SecPompro refuses to accept Chinese attempts to cast doubt on where the disease outbreak originated. 
Just had $50 worth of Chinese food delivered, and not a single soy sauce. Off with their heads!
I honestly cannot believe how much access previous administrations gave to China.: Trump Orders Chinese Firm to Divest From US Hotel Software Company, Citing Security Concerns  …
In the Trump administration, it is a rule that every chief of staff must be demonstrably dumber and easier  than the one before. After Meadows they’re going to try hiring a box of hammers that owes a Chinese casino a lot of money, with a stellar pro life record.
The barbaric Communist Chinese regime. Just so we’re clear. :)  …
“Over 95% of our Antibiotics are made in #China—last year Chinese politburo suggested cutting off our antibiotics as #TradeWar leverage.” @TuckerCarlson Excellent monologues!Perspicacious, poignant, pressing anti-globalist #AmericaFirst #MAGA2020Landslide 
their (DOH) argument is economics. testing costs at least Php 5000 per test. so, they won’t go shotgun testing on their approach but selective targeted testing. HOWEVER, the chinese they let in are untouchables. did they perform quarantine?  …
99 new cases of #COVID19 reported on Chinese mainland on Friday, 1,678 discharged and 28 more deaths. Latest figures: - 80,651 total confirmed cases - 3,070 deaths - 55,404 discharged 
I had a classmate who's Chinese who loved Sejarah. Before a test, I would sit & listen to her tell me facts from the textbook as if it was a story. She ended up taking Sejarah in Form 6, went on to major in Sejarah in a public uni. Don't generalise.  …
Never been more proud to be Asian, to be Chinese American! I won't feed racist ignorance & xenophobia by letting them make me feel lesser. The harmful mindset leading to mounting violent attacks & harassment on Asian elderly, even kids, is another disease we should quarantine.
This is exactly how the Chinese handled the start of this outbreak and that made matters far worse  …
America needs to be picky about who they do business with in the future. We don't need all that cheap Chinese shit. Paying a bit more for parts manufactured in countries without huge standing armies. nuclear weapons and plans to dominate is just prudent. I think Trump knows!
. @POTUS Orders Chinese Firm to Divest From US Hotel Software Co., Citing Security Concerns The Chinese Communist Party requires most of  in their country to share info with the party’s intelligence sector #DataSecurity #NationalSecurity  …
“The Chinese government silenced whistle-blowers, withheld crucial information and played down the threat posed by the new coronavirus, allowing an epidemic that has killed thousands to take hold across the country” and now the world:  … China is 
Enjoyed having lunch w/ members of the PDX Chinese  to discuss ways we can fight racial discrimination amidst the #COVID19 outbreak. With all the disinformation circulating, it's important to continue patronizing AAPI businesses & keep our local economy 
On Friday, 99 more #coronavirus cases reported on Chinese mainland, including 24 imported cases: - 80,651 confirmed with another 107 in HK, 10 in Macao, 45 in Taiwan - 55,404 discharged from hospitals - 60 imported cases among the confirmed #CoronavirusOutbreak 
he Hong Kong government’s proposed amendment to the Fugitive Offenders and Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Legislation Bill in February 2019, has thrown the Chinese territory into its largest legitimacy crisis. 
I saw the tongue of a COVID-19 patient ( In Chinese Medicine, the tongue is used as a diagnostic tool.) And baaaaabbyyy. I've never seen anything like it in all my years of study & practice. But! It looked like the practitioners were able to clear a lot of it out.
Newly released images of Chinese J-10C ‘4++ generation’ fighter jets have revealed that the latest batches received by the PLA have been fitted with new WS-10B . The engines have replaced the less powerful and older Russian designed AL-31FN which previously powered the aircraft. 
You know who ALSO isn't happy? The 93 countries this virus spread to because Chinese totalitarian government opted to lie and be secretive and very nontransparent about it at the beginning. So I could CARE LESS that they don't like us calling it "the Wuhan virus".
Much like the Chinese under Mao killed 45 million in 4 years, the left would like nothing more than to see a catastrophic outbreak of this virus in the United States and other industrialized nations. Chaos, financial markets destroyed, a culling of a population that won’t submit.
What a bizarre reason. Obviously the Western experiment in ethnic warfare is working out wonderfully. "Chinese citizens have revolted against a proposed law that would grant permanent residence to foreigners, citing concerns that it could undermine national identity."  …
Trump orders  to divest ownership of U.S. firm, citing national security concerns 
I google translated this Japanese tweet n noticed a terrifying finding.If you search for “kill all” on theChinese search engine “Baidu”, you’ll see the frequent search for “kill all HongKongers” “kill all black peoples” “kill all Japanese”.See the severity of Chinese nationalism?  …
Chinese couples divorcing in record numbers after being stuck home together due to coronavirus 
Imagine being locked up in a Chinese prison for 453 days. You cannot see your family. No justifiable reason has been given. That is what our Canadian friend and colleague Michael Kovrig is facing. #FreeMichaelKovrig.  
If the Chinese didn't want it to be called the "Wuhan virus" they shouldn't have covered up outbreak for weeks for political reasons, exported it to their neighbors incl Iran, which in turn also covered it up for political reasons then exported it to every inhabited continent.  …
$GSX one of my favorite long ideas going into next week. If we do indeed see a continued shift into the "stay-at-home" economy...  which has held up like a champ looks poised to continue outperforming. A  that focuses on online based education. 
Good thing China and India don't share a border. The Chinese would be sneaking into India, then to Mexico, across the border it shares with Colorado.
chinese factories are more important to the american economy and have more of an effect then the gov shutting down and not having a budget
Beijing's state anchor is banned from hosting shows after claiming Chinese should apologize for causing coronavirus outbreak 
Go eat Chinese food now, pls....  …
The Chinese embassy says criminal cases in the country involving its citizens are only 'isolated incidents.'  …
Chinese government should sued worldwide and ALL CHINESE GOVERNMENT ASSETS SEIZED AND FORFEITED to pay victims and surviving families of those impacted by their reckless handling of their #COVID-19 #coronavirus bioweapon.
FYI: My blog has been visited recently by  who I’d guess are Chinese trolls. The first theme was that America created the coronavirus in a wicked plot to destroy China. The current theme is that “Filipinos are incapable of governing themselves.”
Every single gay man in America -- in the closet or out -- who signed up for this dating app has their photos and private messages databased by the Chinese government. I bet there are a thousand espionage extortion shake-downs going on right now.  …
A flight school for Chinese pilots is meant to deliver the Mildura region an economic windfall but an ABC investigation has revealed its major investor is an elusive businessman accused of leaving China with millions of dollars embezzled from a loan deal.  …
"Chinese GDP has expanded by a factor of 4.5 since 2000. Chinese credit has expanded by a factor of 24. Chinese debt has ballooned to more than triple the size of the entire Chinese economy." @PeterZeihan, Disunited Nations Great book. (btw, US debt-to-GDP is an unhealthy ~105%)
Uhm by the wayMOM They're not Chinese cartoons it's called ANIME!!! GOT IT?!?! And they're NOT CHINESE!!! They're JAPANESE!!!!!! So you'd better apologize to me and my Waifu RIGHT NOW
Correction: this picture does not illustrate the Sook Ching massacre; it is a photograph of Chinese soldiers. I found it mistakenly used on a news article about the occupation of Singapore. Many thanks to those who pointed out the error.
The Globe and Mail has learned that wealthy Chinese businessman Zhang Bin who, with a partner, donated $1-million to the Pierre Elliott Trudeau Foundation Mr. Zhang is a political adviser to the Chinese government in Beijing and a senior apparatchik  …
I’m too litty. Bad like Chinese Kitty. 
Quarantined Wuhan residents shout 'fake, fake' from their windows at Chinese Vice Premier 
Six Chinese ALBERT models were added this morning to huggingface/transformers, in six different sizes: tiny, small, base, large, xlarge and xxlarge! These reach the top 10 on CLUE, check them out at  … @voidful_stack
Owner Tom Ly says the show of support means a lot to him and means a lot to the  
Translation: He doesn’t want Chinese takeout for dinner tonight.
Hey  the #DGBAT is working to get our educational seed cards translated into all languages. Right now we need help with Korean, Chinese, Swedish and Vietnamese translations. If you or anyone you know can help with this effort please send us a dm! Thanks! #DigiByte
“This is the Wuhan coronavirus.” @SecPompro refuses to accept Chinese attempts to cast doubt on where the disease outbreak originated. 
“It has proven incredibly frustrating to work with the Chinese Communist Party to get our hands around the dataset” #China delivered imperfect data on the #Coronavirus, said  …
Chinese doctors say autopsies of coronavirus victims suggest the deadly illness is “like  of SARS and AIDS” that can cause “irreversible” lung damage even if the patient recovers.  …
When following tweets of the great @CardJosephZen I use the translation facility. (For I do not read any form of Chinese.) Laughed today at the translation of the prayer for the Pope asking "May the Lord not let him get caught up in the enemy's shenanigans." Apt. 
Senators urge Americans to "wake up" to security threats of Chinese-made metros, buses  
Great week for the idiots: - Try to blame Chinese virus on Trump - Root for a pandemic - DNC fucks Bernie over, AGAIN! - Donna Brazile tells Ronna to "go to hell" - Chuck publicly threatens SCOTUS - Joe wins his senate race on Super Thursday #Winning
If you’re eating out this evening- consider supporting your local Asian cuisine. Including, but not limited to: Chinese, Japanese, & Vietnamese. Many restaurants are hearing CRICKETS right now bc of the coronavirus. Don’t let these restaurants suffer due to public misconceptions!
Study: Nike, Apple, BMW Among 83 Brands Using Chinese Muslim Slave Labor 
mfs spend 3 hours at the mall then leave with just chinese food and a cinnabon
Among Chinese patients with COVID-19 associated pneumonia, odds of disease progression (including to death) were 14x higher among  to those who did not smoke. This was the strongest risk factor among those examined.  …
I’ll do everything I can to support #NV03  businesses as they face challenges caused by misguided, xenophopic ideas about #COVID19 Thank you to YuXiang Korean Chinese Restaurant for having me today, and thank you to @LasVegasACC for your 
U.S. excludes Chinese face masks, medical gear from tariffs as coronavirus spreads  
Chinese cases are going down. European cases are going up. Maybe we should look at what China did and do that, rather than wait for it to be out of control and so the same things to less effect?
Chinese doctors say coronavirus ‘like  of SARS and AIDS’, can cause irreversible lung damage:  …
There are reasonable grounds to believe that the Chinese government  crimes against humanity against the #Uyghurs. This includes acts of persecution and imprisonment, with over 1 million Uyghurs detained. Learn  …
On December 31, 2019, Chinese health authorities confirmed dozens of people in Wuhan were being treated for pneumonia from an unknown source. Here's what's happened since: 
Reporting on coronavirus transmission has turned purely political. Almost 900K Chinese & 1.3M Italians live in NYC with ties to homeland. Yet, it's stressed an "Iranian" transmitted the virus; While  no media coverage of the Israeli woman's contamination case  …
Chinese takeout - $19 Delivery charge - $2 Realizing they forgot one of your containers... Riceless.
Solid investigation by @abcnews of questionable money, regional politics, and the way "Chinese interference" and "Australian opportunism" are two sides of the same issue.  …
"The virus is not just Chinese. I hope people understand, we are people, too." Here's how #coronavirus has been exposing Chinese-Americans to discrimination. 
Defense Secretary Esper confronts Chinese general on ‘unsafe’ lasering of P-8A aircraft last month near Guam  …
Exceptional reporting from the WSJ on how the Chinese government botched its initial coronavirus repose, including demanding self-criticism from a doctor who sounded the alarm  …
The  now in Chinese  …
Guy who helped Chinese telecom coronavirus Huawei obtain visas,nominated by Obama to the #2 position of DHS now is a partner at Mueller’s law firm WilmerHale,and specialized in ‘national security’ cases. He’s now leading WilmerHale’s coronavirus task force, can’t make this up. 
Fucked a Chinese girl in the car call that a Batmobile
328 Chinese Nationals Caught Trying To Illegally Enter U.S. At Southern Border 
“We’re a  We answer to China.” – former @tiktok_us employee. Sums up why we can’t have federal employees—especially ones working in areas sensitive to national security—on this  …
If you believe the  government.
She’s 15 years old, has a mean baseline game and her favourite player is Simona Halep - Meet Chinese Taipei’s Yang Ya-Yi.  
The enemy is the Chinese Communist Party (CCP). Many politicians, CEOs, actors, professional athletes have been getting paid off or blackmailed by China for a while. Thank God for @realDonaldTrump saving us from what they have been doing to this  …
‘Everything’s Fake:’ Top Chinese Official Heckled by Sealed-In Wuhan Residents During Visit  … via @epochtimes #China #Wuhan #COVID19 #CoronaVirus
Go get some Chinese take out, pho, larb, anything to make sure these restaurant owners survive America's xenophobic stupidity.
According to the Justice Department, NASA is prohibited from using federal dollars to collaborate with China or Chinese universities. 
Every news report about “infection levels” in US  back to this incredible-but-true reality No one has any idea how and where the virus has spread in US, because hardly anyone has been tested -Chinese officials knew, and concealed for a long time. -US doesn’t know.  …
Inner fat me thinks Chinese food is healthy because there’s vegetables In it.
On Jan 7 Chinese authorities confirmed they identified the virus as a novel coronavirus. Two months later we've tested 1,895 people. Trumps lies, cuts to critical US agencies and inaction are making this much worse than it should be.
The Australian Strategic Policy Institute has released a report revealing that Nintendo, Sony, Google, Microsoft, and more are benefiting from the forced labor of minorities in Chinese factories:  
We're screwing up pandemic response in the United States in a major way. Not hard to point that out without praising the very people who caused the whole thing in the first place. It was very containable in December/early January, but Chinese leadership chose to cover up instead.
*orders Chinese food every day for every meal until mass panic dies down* Me: Wut?! Someone’s gotta keep them afloat.
People should be careful praising other authoritarians whose corruption and cover-ups are the reason we have this global crisis in the first place. Yes, China has since imposed draconian restrictions on hundreds of millions of people. Chinese medical staff are the heroes, btw.
15M people will die/world economy will loose $2.3 TRILLION BEST CASE scenario Australian National University Meanwhile Twitter bans 'dehumanizing racist  about coronavirus As Chinese officers 'beat stray dogs to death' to prevent coronavirus from spreading 
Remember the Chinese are going to be releasing data on gilead's medicine and there's lots of gun-jumping and then an impact on stocks
Chinese province reports 17 new coronavirus infections from Iran. 
The Chinese Communist Party's mishandling of the Coronavirus is a serious threat to the global economy. Senator Hawley has supported the president's aggressive policies to contain the spread of the virus and hold the Chinese government accountable. 
Three Chinese medical experts in #Wuhan on Wed shared their experiences in treating #coronavirus patients with their Italian counterparts over a video call. The shared information mainly fixates on medics protection and wards 
GERMANY FINANCE :CHINA(TRANSLATED) The traditional bank was bought by Bank Hauck & Aufhäuser, based in Frankfurt. Behind it is a large Chinese conglomerate. #TRUMP2020 #THEGREATAWAKENINGWORLDWIDE #WWG1WGAWORLDWIDE #DARKTOLIGHT #SAVETHECHILDREN 
Chinese ambassador to Lebanon is calm and sharp discussing #coronavirus on a local television channel — in Arabic. Truly impressive. #COVIDー19 
Dying Dynasty. "Chinese news anchors are telling the population that the  owes a debt of gratitude to China for its sacrifice in containing the outbreak." More propaganda to protect from the world backlash that is soon to destroy CHINA.  …
So glad this teacher is pushing back against racist conspiracy theories that the virus emerged from bat soup. We all know it emerged from a Chinese biological weapons research and espionage program.  …
the chinese moko artist was a billion times better when she was drawing poorly translated literal illustrations of chinese memes instead of being convinced to draw some dumb western memes so people can repost them on facebook and be like "WTF???? CANT BELIEVE SOMEONE DREW THIS!!"
USA/EU COVID pandemics will follow with 1 quarter lag that of China that officially peaked in 3 months. So peak of cases in USA/EU likely in May if China pattern repeats. But draconian Chinese controls/quarantines unlikely in democratic West. So pandemics likely worse in US/EU
.Alptekin warned Nixon of the evils of "Red China", "a great menace which the whole world as led by the US is confronting". He advised Nixon  the "Chinese war of world conquest" and dismember China by supporting separatism, outlining a detailed strategy for regime change 
To @Apple, @Nike, @BMW, @Samsung, @Sony, and @VWGroup: Do not profit from this modern day #slavery of the #Uyghurs at factories run by the Chinese goverment. Assure world consumers through statements and implemention that you condemn these violations.  …
The Nigerian Police, @PoliceNG is making headlines in China after some Chinese residing in Nigeria have presented a video proof of corruption in the Nigerian police. This is too shameful. 
Justin will shamelessly immerse himself in the  to shore up his open borders policy on Covid-19. If you think the airports should have been closed to Covid-19 hot spots your a racist. With Liberals everything is about climate change, racism or both.  …
Coronavirus: Rise in hate crimes against Chinese and  @AyshahTull  …
AMERICANS 4 AMERICA! H-1B workers Illegal Immigrants Muslim refugees Chinese products made by children in uncontrolled pollution Middle East oil Multi National Globalist Companies Hire American Buy American A SELF SUFFICIENT USA IS A STRONG USA!
The founding father of the WUC and Uyghur "human rights" movement is Isa Yusuf Alptekin. A far-right, ultra-nationalist who served under the U.S.-backed KMT nationalist regime in Xinjiang during the Chinese Civil War and fought to quash the Chinese revolution. 
He's chiding the Chinese for making it and then screwing up and letting it get loose
Maybe the right response from non-Chinese Asian Americans to white people being racist to them over the coronavirus isn't to vociferously affirm that they aren't Chinese and that they're the good Asians from countries that service US empire...like what did you  there.
We need to lend support to the  It isn't fair that Chinese restaurants are emptier when there are no confirmed cases of coronavirus in Ottawa and there are many affected countries in the world.  …
Who the hell is UN to take a decision on India's internal matter. If they can interfere than why r they not interfering in Chinese Muslims matter? #IndiaSupportsCAA  …
China's GDP per capita in 2006 was about $2,009, which is about the same as Nigeria's today. Having said that, the Chinese economy and its overall system then was very different than Nigeria's chaotic system - with no rules. So it isn't merely about GDP per capita.
Argentinean meat producers are still very confident about Chinese market despite #COVID19 outbreak and they expect not only to restore its export levels to pre-epidemic levels soon, but also to boost sales with new 
Two More Senior Iranian Officials Die of Chinese Coronavirus  …
Whether client-side or server-side, keywords related to coronavirus have been censored for Chinese users on popular social media apps for months, potentially limiting their ability to access essential health and safety information.  
328 Chinese Nationals Caught Trying To Illegally Enter U.S. At Southern Border  …
It's #NationalOreoCookieDay! SPYFACT: Did you know Oreo's white cream filling is a billion-dollar trade secret? In 2011, FBI agents raided the home of Walter Liew and found a plot to steal DuPont’s color formula to sell to Chinese government-owned firms.  
if you're having a Friday night takeaway, consider supporting your local independent Chinese who are losing business due to ignorance and racism  …
Pope prays that Chinese Catholics will be 'good citizens'-- making it easy for Beijing to turn his words into a propaganda tool. 
. @StateDept put a personnel cap on 5 Chinese State backed propaganda outlets in the US. 
WATCH: Nigerian Police Force Has Indeed Helped To Bury NIGERIA International Finally. IN #CHINA news making headlines of China dailies have exposed the highly incessant corruption in #NIGERIA after some Chinese Residing in Nigeria have presented a video proof of the 
She is #LiuYifei. She will not bring honor to anyone. She plays Hua Mulan, a Chinese legend who's supposed to be a symbol against oppression; and Liu herself is a blatant proponent of dictatorship, cruelty, and injustice. It's ridiculous and shameful. Please  …
Corona Virus CoVid-19 was Engineered & Manufactured by the Chinese Government in Wuhan China to be used as a Biological Weapon. Should the Chinese be held Financially Responsible for Lives Lost and Corporate Financial Distress caused by releasing the Virus. #WWG1WGA #KAG #MAGA
"The Chinese Government is now pushing back saying that it’s not clear that #coronavirus even came from China & they’re mad at the U.S. for not thanking them for the efforts they’ve taken to try and slow it down." CCP admitted it came from  …
Welp, since Shabbat services are canceled due to coronavirus, seems like a good night to order in Chinese. (Seriously, Chinese restaurants are suffering bc people are racist and ignorant. Please support them.)
This Hua Mulan, as portrayed by #LiuYiFei will NOT bring honor to anyone. Liu blatantly supports #PoliceBrutality, especially those led by the Chinese Communist Party to oppress #HongKongProtesters. She is a shameless proponent of dictatorship. She brings shame. 
Trump credited the "relatively low #'s" of COVID-19 on his policy of closing the border to Chinese/Iranian nationals No. Low #'s are due to the severe shortage of reliable test kits. Can't find something if you don't look for it, can't have confirmed cases if you don't test
My mom went to get Chinese food and the guy behind the counter said that he's been rapidly losing business because of all the fearmongering about the virus
Black women warned me early last week that Kpop stans can be deeply racist. My Chinese neighbor told me two weeks ago she loves BTS but won’t go near the fans they can be so toxic. Two other Japanese accounts wrote me today saying in Japan many regard BTS’s fandom as bigoted.
Sounds like you have Corona Virus as you drank Corona beer and ate Chinese food. God love you bro but closing your mind to reality won’t change anything. God expects us to use our brains, love others, as we love his Son. Go see a doctor and God Bless.
It appears I’ve offended the delicate sensibilities of the Chinese Communist Party and their propaganda outlets. Read my @nytimes letter that set them off:   …
Just overheard in Manhattan : "Are you planning to stay in the City tonight?" "We'll know tomorrow if the #coronavirus is here. I'll decide then" "There's no Chinese dealers here this year..." "Ain't nobody getting out of China, Honey, with that virus there."
The Senate Judiciary Committee has now released documents that contain information that verifies that yes indeed, then-Secretary of State Clinton was having all her emails copied and forwarded to a  email account.   …
Grindr has been sold by its Chinese owner after the US expressed security concerns  
With recent protests in Hong Kong, interesting news from Erik Prince's Frontier Services Group (majority owned by Chinese govt), FSG just launched local security services to assist in maintaining the "stability and prosperity of Hong Kong" HT @oldgrunt0351  
I love the @supchinanews folks, but I’d go with a different adjective. Plenty of “patriotic” Chinese would like to see their country be more open to immigrants, and think “Chineseness” is more than “Han-ness.” “Patriotic” doesn’t have to mean ethnonationalist or xenophobic. 
New: Chinese gaming giant Beijing Kunlun has agreed to sell popular gay dating app Grindr for about $608 million, ending a tumultuous four years under Chinese ownership. 
Spring breaks quietly trough in our garden! 春天在我们的花园里！(I hope I write it well, I just starting with writing Chinese). 
In the early 1900s Chinese immigrants could not vote, but advocated for suffrage for their American-born children. Dr. S. K. Chan, president of a suffrage organization in Oregon, emphasized in a 1912 speech that her birth country of China had already enfranchised women. 
Chinese vaccines against the novel #coronavirus may enter clinical trials or be put into emergency use in April as some vaccines  into animal trials, China's National Health Commission said on Friday. (file 
Even after Xi ordered officials to control the outbreak in Jan, authorities kept denying it could spread btwn humans—which doctors knew was happening as of late Dec—& went ahead w/Chinese Lunar New Year banquet for tens of thousands of families in Wuhan.  …
I bet Chinese  are getting a lot of mileage out of this  …
 taking the lead and closing city centre restaurants this weekend to avoid Italian visitors . Great voluntary leadership being shown. Time for us to get off the fence
Trump blocked a Chinese acquisition of a hotel property management  on national security grounds 
The Department of Homeland Security says that hundreds of Chinese nationals have attempted to illegally enter the United States through the southern border since the outbreak of the coronavirus in China. 
Today in don't be a racist asshole. If Chinese food is your thing be sure to hit up your local restaurant. We ended accidentally ordering WAY too much, but were happy to pay it when we found out that business has been practically dead because people are afraid of catching the
Gee, that’s too bad... Two More Senior Iranian Officials Die of Chinese Coronavirus  …
Amazing that our government is responding the same way as the Chinese Communist Party.  …
Chinese officials were aware of the new #coronavirus by Dec. 31, but waited 3 long weeks to act decisively by locking down #Wuhan and 3 other cities on Jan. 23. Meanwhile, the virus spread continued to spread, and the number of #coronavirus cases soon EXPLODED. @WSJ 
AAMIR The Lion V/S PRK the Chinese dog  
MADE IN CHINA To save your country and your race, please #boycottchina , to stand with human rights and say no to #PoliceBrutality , please #boycottmulan This Chinese actress with an American passport pisses on #HongKong freedom fighters and support the #HKpolicebrutality 
“No less authority than the Chinese Communist Party said it came from Wuhan..We have pretty high confidence that we know where this began, and we have high confidence too that there was information that could have been made available more quickly.”- @SecPompeo to @CNBC on 
#Russia was smart to close its land + air border with #China. I fear for #Kazakhstan as they’ve been so slow to upset their Chinese benefactors w/ containment. The Russia/China “condominium” in #CentralAsia has been destructive. A US/Russia one would be far more  …
What bitterness? The fact that he sold 1 million copies in 3 minutes? Or the fact that he sold 4 million copies in total? Or the fact that he broke all nine sales levels on QQ? Y’all are not Chinese hence understand  Chinese saying, so stfu.  …
Beijing's state anchor is banned from hosting shows after claiming Chinese should apologize for causing coronavirus outbreak 
Collateral damage: Marriage registration offices in Chinese city of Xi'an have seen an unprecedented number of divorce appointments since reopen, as #COVID19 evoked the underlying conflicts of couples confined at home.  
US has done it again! Chinese startup was banned, unable to send tech back to China, IPO plan has run aground  Commerce Dept blocking SoftBank-backed startup CloudMinds from transferring technical info from US to Beijing offices without USG permission
Things I didn't know. In 1958 Mao ordered a campaign to hunt sparrows=>Chinese killed sparrows=>dead sparrows didn't eat locusts=>locust swarms ate Chinese crops=>huge Chinese famine, killing 15-45m people. Ponder that next time someone says "No need for an impact assessment".
I've found references in medieval Chinese sources to what is probably an ostrich, but then I had to wonder whether these birds were ever native to the Middle East. As it turns out, there were Arabian ostriches, but they became extinct in the 20th century. 
Last night's nightmare: Trump goes on live nationwide TV to announce that Hunter Biden is on the board of directors of a  that created the corona virus and intentionally spread it to America. And millions believe him....
Senators urge Americans to "wake up" to security threats of Chinese-made metros, buses  
. @YorkULAPS researchers receive $1.1 million in COVID-19 research funding from @CIHR_IRSC to examine how Chinese  are coping, track how Canadians understand the outbreak and issues of trust 
An extremely rare AK variant, spotted in Iraq This is an Albanian Ash-78-1, which is a licensed copy of Chinese Type 56. These rifles were manufactured from the 1970s to 1992. However, it barely possible to tell how this rifle got to Iraq. 
WESTWORLD 3 PREMIERE @TommyFlanagan & Dina Livingston-Flanagan attend the premiere of HBO's "Westworld" Season 3 at TCL Chinese Theatre on March 05, 2020 in Hollywood (photos credit: J. Kravitz, Axelle) 
One year ago the Chinese gov't banned imports of Canada’s world class canola. Under Trudeau’s weak leadership, Liberals have failed to stand up for Canada’s canola farmers. Press release with @MPRandyHoback @GarnettGenuis here:  … #cdnpoli 
I talked to the owner of a Chinese restaurant who says he might have to close down because coronavirus is scaring customers away. Go eat at your local Chinese restaurant this weekend: 
I've been contacted by a small number of constituents with concerns about a rise in hate crime incidents and an impact on businesses in #Chinatown due to misconceptions around #Coronavirus. I want to reassure people that #Birmingham's Chinese Quarter remains open for business. 
AFP looks into alleged presence of up to 3,000 Chinese soldiers in PH. Chinese military covertly in the Philippines . How many are in the U.S. ?  …
Today, @POTUS issued order prohibiting the acquisition of @StayNTouchInc by a  because it "threatens to impair" US national security.
This story details the incredible and humbling heroism of Chinese doctors in Wuhan.  …
Chinese restaurants in the Valley are losing business due to misconceptions about the new coronavirus, @stevenjhsieh reports. Time to head to Shaanxi Garden to show them some love! (and to eat biangbiang  …
Chinese Roulette , Rainer Werner Fassbinder , 1976. 
im mad, overheard a convo about the muslim person getting diagnosed with ncov19, these people be like “hindi lang pala mga chinese meron pati mga muslim, kasi galing sya sa mosque” filipinos are different kind of racist breed huh?
At @CWN_TOlabour Chinese-language press conference on the cuts to education taking place now. We are so proud of the @YorkOECTA @OSSTFtoronto @ETFOeducators York Region and @ElemTeachersTO teachers who are speaking out. 
Funny thing now is that Chinese provinces have started to report #coronavirus cases that are being imported from #Iran and not vice versa or from inner China itself...
Here is the relationship, for instance, between absolute humidity and the SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) transmission rate across Chinese provinces. Except for very low humidity, there is not much variation. Via Wei Luo (and also @mandl @mlipsitch et al)  … 
How might weather play a role in COVID-19? Preliminary studies by Chinese scientists of transmission of SARS-CoV-2 (virus for COVID-19), exploiting geographic variation in weather conditions across China, suggests illness peaks with average temp of 40F.  … 
Obligatory weekend Pimlico pic. Nice to see a bit of blue sky. I want to show solidarity with the Chinese people at this difficult time, so I'm going to Chinatown to eat my own bodyweight in wonton, crispy duck & noodles. Always giving, that's me! Can anyone  a place? 
Solidarity with all brave Chinese feminist activists on the fifth anniversary of the detention of the Feminist Five. Against all odds, China's extraordinary women's rights movement defies suppression by the world's most powerful authoritarian regime. 加油!  …
heard from a chinese guy that china censors + polices their internet because they know most people just believe everything they read, but they low key allow VPNs because people smart enough to use them will be smart enough to question what they read, then i see things like this  …
Ratio of confirmed #COVID19 cases to population and ratio of deaths to confirmed cases in some epidemic countries has exceeded that in the Chinese provinces with most confirmed cases outside Hubei. @DrTedros warned some countries have not taken the epidemic seriously 
The western world is paying the price for trusting China lmfao. Look how destructive the virus is in Korea, Italy and Iran. The Chinese must be covering up. The real numbers are at least 10 times worse. Yet the western people are so stupid to believe that "it is just a flu".
Er...I don't buy that. China is approx 1/6 of the world population. That means that they should account for 2.5 MILLION of those deaths. You'd expect even more, since they were first to get it. Actual Chinese reported deaths so far? 3,042.   …
A series of recent high-profile arrests in Hong Kong underscore the message from the Chinese Community Party: criticize the government, expect intimidation and worse. 
COVID-19 has spread in Europe. Concept that healthy people don’t need to wear a face mask is endangering health of ordinary people in many European cities. It is hoped public health experts in Europe can have a serious discussion with Chinese experts, who advocate wearing mask.
Good News: Mark will have a Chinese magazine published in April: FIGARO Cover. Please expect the official announcement soon! @mtuan93 #MarkTuan #마크 
This disgusting racism is doubly obnoxious: it’s also bone-headedly stupid. “The virus started in China, he looks sorta Chinese, so let’s punch & kick im.” Even if he had the virus, punching him is not a great way to avoid infecting yourself! Low IQ. 
China Accuses U.S. of Botching Coronavirus Response, Claims Virus Came from America after suppressing all news how #Coronavirus was bioengineered at Wuhan virology lab Chinese Communist Party and @dnc use same rhetoric, “when they go low, we go 
thinking how haseul is called pistachio by loona and is connected to pistachios and pistachios in chinese (開心果) and the first two characters means happy in chinese meaning that haseul is the happiness of loona bye im crying 
I endorse and share 99% of the advice and concerns raised in this thread... ... except trusting WHO. Nobody following this closely in Asia would call WHO a trusted source. @DrTedros laundered fake Chinese stats in January while RT'ing CN state media saying it was under control.  …
Here are 6 ways universities are responding to coronavirus: Moving classes online Canceling travel Helping Chinese students Issuing warnings and guidelines Planning for bigger disruptions Teaching and learning about it 
NEW: @CommonsDefence has launched an inquiry into @10DowningStreet decision to allow @Huawei a role in UK's 5G network against advice of the US & Australia - they accuse Chinese tech firm of being a security threat. Inquiry set to be a quick one that should only take a few weeks
This is my first piece for @foodandwine thanks to @katkinsman. Chinatowns and Chinese mom and pop businesses all across the country desperately need our help now. It's time to step up and #supportchinatown  …
Daily reminder Chinese numbers are fake and Chinese recovery is fake. Doesn’t mean social distancing was without purpose, but we’re going to hear lies about these numbers for the rest of our lives, particularly as the West is bungling this massively now.  …
American politicians have said the following spy on you: -Huawei -Tiktok -Chinese students -Chinese subway cars -Chinese led Centers for Disease Control -Chips placed by China in all your products Is no mainstream pundit going to question these narratives?
It's Corona season, and I ordered Chinese takeaway. Yes, I like to live dangerously
"Huawei is not a normal  it is an extension of the Chinese surveillance state" #cdnpoli via @StephenHarper So ... will Trudeau do the right thing and ban 
President Xi Jinping: For the Chinese government, the people's safety and health  first.  …
RSF calls on the Chinese authorities to provide information about Chen Qiushi, who has been missing for a month today, and to release all detained whistleblowers at once. Our organization also urges Beijing to allow the media to cover the epidemic without risking arrest. 
The return of literal slave labor to the Chinese economy was not something I was predicting for the 21st century  …
This is fake; the original paper was in Chinese and did not mention any of that! Sad that someone professional is spreading fake news.  …
By unanimous consent, the US Senate honored Dr. #LiWenliang, the #Chinese #Whistleblower-doctor who raised the alarm on the #CoronavirusOutbreak late last year in  …
China’s satrap admin in Hong Kong arrested Jimmy Lai, one of the city’s longtime leading advocates of democracy. Why was he arrested? For writing in the @WSJ: “There is no cure for  except the collapse of the party.” #IWfp #FreeHongKong #StandWithHongKong
Alyward on CFR: They have a survival rate for this disease I would not extrapolate to the rest of the world....the Chinese are really good at keeping people alive w/this disease, just because it’s 1 percent outside of Wuhan doesn’t mean it [will be the same in other countries].  …
Chinese gadgets unboxing in  days 
Join the protest to stop the barbaric dog and cat meat industry Saturday 20th June we March on the Chinese Embassy in London Join us then as we protest against this evil trade where cats & dogs are literally burned alive 4 further information please message 
The Chinese virus started in China... China has socialized medicine.. No American would trade places with China.,, You failed yet again brother-wife !
#Coronavirus cases exceed 100,000 as countries struggle to contain spread. The novel coronavirus is now in around 90 countries, less than three months after it was first identified in the central Chinese city of Wuhan in Dec. 
Personality power: #EddieRedmayne takes on another global brand ambassador title, now repping @oppo, a Chinese  whose phones emphasize camera and screen quality. A dazzling video shot in NYC last December (coming up next!) launches his relationship. 
@DEACHICAGODiv Mike Gannon explains how the Mexican Cartels are flooding America with fentanyl. " Drug traffickers are all about making money" They are working closely with Chinese and destroying  Time to step up attack on the cartels. 
#ChinaToday in case you missed it - Expert: Virus mutations have not affected drug development  - China's delivery sector may be close to normal by mid-March  - ACJA denounces U.S. limits on Chinese media  
We need global solutions, but it's easier to peddle fear and hate, and claim that it all happened because the Chinese eat raw bats.  …
Here's why Chinese scientists say there's a second, more dangerous coronavirus strain  …
Three shocking racist attacks on East Asians in Exeter in 24 hours: In one case, a group of white men assaulted and threatened a Chinese student with a knife and told him: “Go back to your own country – you must have coronavirus”.  … #coronaracism
While the outbreak started in the Chinese city of Wuhan late last year, it has reached every continent except Antarctica. The coronavirus outbreak is not an "Asian" disease. Don't treat it as such. 
[200306] Hyoyeon & Sunny with MC Leeteuk unreleased Chinese variety show “Star Advent” Its supposed to broadcast on July 9th, 2016 via China’s Shandong TV 
A Qiu, a former CCTV anchor appears to have been censored with all his Weibo posts deleted and Chinese media say he has been “completely banned.” This could be bc his previous remarks about how China owes the world an apology for spreading the coronavirus  
Look what Chinese media says about our PM, “Indian Prime Minister is a rockstar,” and this video goes viral in Pakistan. PM Narendra Modi’s leadership skills have never been in doubt. Many countries praising him as one of the tallest leaders in the world is not a new story. 
I cried with so much pride listening to this song! @xtina once again you saved my life!!!! As a Chinese and a fighter, I am soooo proud! You’re the only person for the Mulan theme song!!! #LoyalBraveTrue 
Now more than 100,000 cases of the #coronavirus. Closed cases: 59,401. 94% recovered 6% deaths China: closed cases 56,971 95% recovered 5% deaths U.S. Closed cases: 23 39% recovered (9) 61% deaths (14) Let’s all hope that the Chinese #covid19 data are more reliable
Tonight, @GuyFieri is rolling into Vermont for legit dumplings and beautiful music at Hong's Chinese Dumplings on a new #DDD at 9|8c! 
I saved a ton of money on tattoos by just pretending my varicose veins are ancient Chinese proverbs.
And senile Uncle Joe doesn't think China's a threat. C'mon, man! DOJ Battle Against Chinese Regime Reaches Historic Scale as China goes all out to rob America  …
Stamp out malaria. Chinese public health poster, 1949. 
The CCP needs to apologize to the world for arresting the heroic doctors of Wuhan who first discovered this horrible disease. They should also be funding the rest of the world’s efforts to contain the Chinese coronavirus. #cornaviruschina #outbreak #coronavirus 
*NEW VIDEO* DOJ Battle Against Chinese Regime Reaches Historic Scale WATCH ▷  
All of the Chinese in Australia are buying up their toilet paper so they can sell it at inflated prices to their relatives in China. It's time land of the down under. 
As the coronavirus death toll rises, the Chinese government continues to clamp down on activists attempting to share information. Access to information protects all of us from the virus. 
A top Chinese official visiting Wuhan has been heckled by residents who yelled “fake, fake, everything is fake” ‘Fake, Fake': senior Chinese leader heckled by residents on visit to coronavirus city  …
THE SUCCULENT CHINESE MEAL GUY ... INTERVIEWED 
Canada is so broke the PM is  for a Chinese restaurant.  …
Just a reminder that #Sheffield is a city and home for people of all races, creeds, sexualities, genders and walks of life. Race does not affect likelihood to carry coronavirus. Prejudice against our Chinese & east  under veil of "coronavirus" is unacceptable.
On Covid-19 coverage, BBC, CNN often quote Mike Pompeo’s words blaming China instead of relying on WHO and CDC experts. That tells a lot. (Pompeo is among the least credible US officials). To them, China must be wrong whatever it does. So why Chinese should give them a damn?
‘It’s all fake!’ Angry residents shout at Chinese vice-premier in Wuhan  …
I am the model of a Twitter epidemiologist I didn't study medicine but read online and got the gist I know all that there is to know about the current pathogen Including the location of the Chinese lab they grew it in...
Some Chinese scientists warn that the virus has mutated into a more aggressive strain. In a new study published in the National Science Review, researchers suggested that after COVID-19 crossed into humans, the original strain evolved into a second type & both are now circulating
#coronavirus IMPORTANT #Chinese doctors say autopsies of victims suggest that #ChinaCoronaVirus is “like  of #SARS & #AIDS It damages both the lungs & immune systems” & can cause “irreversible” lung damage even if the patient  …
*This* is the problem with "deaths of despair" as framing. A supply-side problem gets reclassified as a social issue. No, deaths of despair aren't up among black people. Being poisoned by Chinese drug traffickers is up among black people.  …
Chinese Man Drives Into River Minutes After Passing Driving Test.  …
Senators urge Americans to 'wake up' to security threats of Chinese-made metros, buses  …
328 Chinese Nabbed Trying To Enter U.S. Illegally At Southern Border ... question is, are they trying to Escape China’s raging Corona Virus, or spread it !!??!! ⁦  …
China will donate materials to help #SouthKorea, which is also fighting #COVID19, said Xing Haiming, Chinese Ambassador to South Korea. Xing said that China is grateful for South Korea's help in battling the virus. 
Updates on specific topics of #RADIORENJUN for Monday — Renjun Cheers For you Thursday — Top stories of YueDong Seoul Friday — Idol Diary Sunday — Ren-D’s Personal Playlist If you want to send in your story/message, send them to tbsefmyuedong@gmail.com in Chinese or Korean !! 
Although it can be cross-checked with the reports of other countries, #China still fudges #trade data.  lie. Lying is in their DNA.  …
THREAD: Today ARTICLE 19 has published a briefing on how states , the media and  can tackle misinformation about COVID-19 and address #hatespeech targeted at people of Chinese or Asian descent #coronavirus  …
Do the Chinese understand that mischaracterizing phase 1 trials of a vaccine as a "cure is now available " further damages their already shredded credibility? It only serves to move  one step closer to abandoning their country?   …
After donating one million face masks to Japan, Chinese billionaire #JackMa announced on Chinese social media that he and his team have gathered another one million masks, ready to be shipped to #Iran at top speed, in hopes to help protect the people 
It is therefore incumbent on us all in the free world to expose the Chinese Communist Party's propaganda. Let's not forget: the CCP may hold the monopoly of the truth and a monopoly of history *within China*. Outside China, however, this monopoly can and should be challenged /End
Since the CCP is denying its cover-up in the early phase of the Coronavirus outbreak people should remember Professor Tsang's important insight: Chinese officials think they are always right, even when they are evidently wrong. They think they hold the monopoly of the truth /2
#Iran is so dangerous now with their #coronavirus that Chinese who work there prefer to fly back to #China! This is the flight that evacuated them 
Hong Kong microbiologist Yuen Kwok-yung revealed to Chinese media @PhoenixTVHK he had warned the Hong Kong govt on a SARS-like outbreak in China as early as the Christmas Eve. He regretted that the Hong Kong govt took no precaution to counter  …
The Chinese Gov't now agrees with my Tues. post Vitamin C is the  protocol for COVID-19 The MSM and Big Pharma aren't going to be happy RT Reply w/ your@Follow the RTs & handles Return, RT & follow more I am @markkirin_ IFB  …
And the @electroneum presence and visibility continues growing as we have now been on two major Chinese publications, including this one:  …
I had a conversation with a Chinese girl in Chinese and today she texts me saying how she likes my makeup and if I could send her the makeup video I talked about with her Ma'am we talked about mountain climbing This is when I realized my Chinese is shit 
Lagos-Ibadan rail: Second batch of train coaches in transit, says  
The potential benefits of effectively containing Covid-19 are massive. Here are some rough upper and lower bounds assuming that US Infection rate either follows the reported Chinese curve, or the typical flu curve: 20,000 vs. 1 million. #coronavirus  
'It's all fake!': Chinese official heckled by residents on visit to Wuhan – video  …
Recently, a parkour game called Dreamworks Most Wanted（梦工厂大冒险） appeared on the Chinese Appstore. Many of its materials are copied from cookierun. Including map design and skill design of game characters. #cookierun 
200306 Owl PD LIVE Chatroom Replies (from Chinese translations) #SuperJunior • W regards to Super TV 3, there are no plans yet but if you guys have any good idea please feel free to share • Promise that if there is Super TV 3, it will be one without 
Owl PD 200306 Live Chatroom This is so funny HAHAHA (If anyone doesn’t remember Owl PD was in charge of Super TV) Translated from Chinese [1day1verse] 
Etiquette during the Chinese plague period, classier options other than bumping feet 
CORONA Virus Has Reached India Chinese Log @aamir_khan India Chhodo 
Two things under Trudeau's watch. The fake hijab hoax was blamed on the Chinese. The death of Chinese Marrisa Shen by Trudeau's fake Syrian refugee. So now Trudeau does his usual pandering.  …
So I’m not sure who those arguing “Chengxian is problematic bc they were raised as siblings” are, whether they are chinese, or familiar with wuxia/xianxia, but the idea of “raised as siblings” is muddied in Ancient China. I hope people will refrain from using a modern lens.
#MyKidNever had a secret meeting with operatives of a hostile foreign nation & lie about it. #MyKidNever murdered endangered species & stage the corpse for photos. #MyKidNever was never awarded Chinese patents for being my kid . There's lots of things our kids would never do!
First, CCP infects the world with the potentially lab-developed Wuhan Coronavirus,and now they seek to profit from selling the world masks to help avoid the bio disaster.This is capitalism with Chinese characteristics. @CGTNOfficial #WuFlu #coronaviruschina #coronavirus  …
After Chinese were targeted in several places, now it’s Italians. @Uber driver in London refuses to take Italian passengers. So sad to see how Coronavirus is giving rise to such xenophobic, racist  …
#Justice Fresno,CA Chinese National CHARGED In $1.2M Illegal Grow Operation [alleged] 1,263 Marijuana plants growing inside home Yunquan Jiang #China #DrugTrafficking #Immigration EDCA DEA @POTUS  
Interview with Chinese respiratory disease expert: Clinical drug trials for #COVID19 going smoothly  
African bro please what is the source of your wealth? Chinese Billionaire: E-Commerce American Billionaire: Oil & Gas European Billionaire: Real Estate & Mining Nigerian Billionaire: Na God.
"All Asians look the same" jokes were funny until now you think every single Asian has the Coronavirus that you deny the majority of East and Southeast Asians from going anywhere, and think every Asian is an infected Chinese person and think it is REASONABLE to assault them
'Chinese revolt against a proposed law to grant permanent residence to foreigners, as it could undermine national identity.' Australia gives *citizenship* -not just residence- to agents of Chinese Communist Party. And it does undermine us.  …
The union of 9 Chinese Baidu Bars bought 159,115 copies of NEO ZONE. Jaehyun Bar contributed 32,600 copies under “JAEHYUN BAR”. They also bought an additional 1270 copies under “NCT127 CHINESE FANS” Thank you for your hard work and huge contribution towards sales  …
Tesla Inc has secured Chinese government approval to sell longer-range MIC model 3 vehicles in The vehicles will have a driving range of more than 600 kilometers  …
Neo Zone Albums purchased by Chinese Bar!!! Taeyong Bar : 42.271 albums JH Bar : 32.600 albums DY Bar : 31.000 albums Mark Bar : 24.570 albums HC Bar : 15.059 albums Taeil Bar: 680 albums JN Bar : 460 albums Yuta Bar : 8000 albums Jw Bar : 3365 albums 
Chinese people minding their business : Summer walker: 
This #Chinese-sponsored propaganda exhibit about #Uyghurs is currently up in the UNO at Geneva. It is not an isolated incident rather a global strategy to try & mislead & deceive the world into falsifying the Uyghurs plight suffered under #CCP 
Not one Chinese person has brought Covid19 to Africa.  …
Delighted to be able to share that "The Great Firewall of China" will be published in Chinese (繁體字) in June 2020, by Taiwan's Guerrilla Publishing, with a new introduction covering some of the events since the English edition came out:  …
#ucusoas Solidarity with Asian and  SOAS UCU statement. The SOAS student who was attacked showed solidarity & didn't want to cross the picket to report to SOAS wellbeing until today as non-strike day. Solidarity! 
I'm gutted. After having agreed to a Chinese publication of The Water Kingdom with rather light editing/modification to smooth out some obvious problems, the Chinese publishers suddenly want to drop entire chapters and sections. I've just sent them this letter. 
“In light of overwhelming evidence documenting Huawei's participation in the largest mass atrocity occurring in the world today, it is hard to excuse the UK government's eagerness to allow the  to help build its  infrastructure.”  …
Lmao. You people have a history of riots Just look back at how you persecuted your  and banned Confucianism under Suharto. You even wanted to force the Hindus and Buddhists to convert to Islam. You are the definition of  bigot and so is your country.  …
Chinese schools reopen as coronavirus cases in Europe continue to rise  …
Photos of the man wanted in connection with the assault on Meera Solanki have been released. She was attacked after defending her friend, Mandy Huang, from anti-Chinese racism and #coronaracism in  …
Banners carrying dramatic and sometimes menacing messages are teaching the Chinese public how to fight the coronavirus. 
Meanwhile in USA A Chinese man was ask to move as the man believe that he could catch the coronavirus off the Chines man Daily Attacks are happening to normal Chinese people because of the coronavirus.. 
New coronavirus infections may drop to zero by end-March in Wuhan: Chinese government expert  Follow the latest news on #coronavirus with our live blog:  
Oh look at this, the Chinese dislike having foreigners to buy property and gain residency. But over here in Australia, they love it? Double standards much?  …
The globe is experiencing some economic slowing for a short time due to the to the all-out-of-proportion-media-induced-panic from COVID-19. If this finally breaks the fever of global dependence on the Chinese supply chain - was a short pullback worth it?
Amazing description of the many things Chinese have done  #COVID19. For example “they moved 50% of all medical care online so people  in.... If you needed prescriptions like insulin or heart medicine, they could prescribe & deliver  …
Chinese authorities should apologize, instead, to the rest of the world for having man-made such highly contagious virus in their special facility in Wuhan. Even they destroyed documents, the truth is leaking, and will leak further more in its entirety.
Notice how Wizkid fans are financially stable with p/t jobs and some in school to graduate for better jobs. Why are Davido fans always looking for giveaways & cheap Chinese phones? Work on you giving away in 2020 not looking for giveaways. Even I do crowdfunding for projects
Study: Nike, Apple, BMW Among 83 Brands Using Chinese Muslim Slave Labor 
“the fact that the Chinese government delayed a timely response and led to an international crisis will make the mission almost impossible,"  …
#China Intel sources confirm several Chinese researchrs and volunteers, like brave dr. Chang Wei, are testing COVID-19 vaccine on themselves to speed up clinical trials and not test the drug on animals. @IsraelMFA @StateDept @MFS001 
Chinese Fried Rice with Chicken with Veggies #food #Lunchtime 
Chinese Cretaceous pterosaur Sinopterus dongi at the Sauriermuseum Aathal in Switzerland. #FossilFriday #pterosaur #fossil #China #biodiversity #paleontology  – at Sauriermuseum
On it! "Human rights scholars and activists should make a greater effort to investigate the...increasingly global reach of the Chinese party-state, expose its violations of the law"--great piece from Eva Pils & Katrin Kinzelbach.  … @hrw_chinese
Up to 60 Chinese citizens working for state- and Communist Party-owned media will be forced to leave America 
Latest for @dw_chinese - While misinformation has been on the rise within #China amid the #COVID19 outbreak, @iftf found that a wave of misinformation started to emerge online in #Taiwan that aims at "creating anxiety" among the general public  …
Along with our loved #Cambridge  our thoughts continue to be with people of Wuhan and Hebei. Thanks also to the Chinese govt, who acted swiftly to minimise deaths - nil to date in some provinces. Helping its delay & protecting us too.  …
Health minister Kalumbi Shangula said there is no need for Namibians to panic over the coronavirus as the Chinese officials who returned from China are being self-quarantined. More in today’s edition. 
Our MOOC @LancasterUni @FutureLearn on #Dyslexia and #languagelearning is back in April with Spanish & Chinese sub-titles of key steps. Spanish & Chinese speaking mentors will be available answer questions. Join us  …
The Chinese government will likely make a big push on EV charging infrastructure investment as part of its economic recovery plans. 
[PHOTO] P102 million shabu labeled as 'Chinese tea' 
My Gee interacting with a Chinese Igbo Man in Guanghzou is the best video to make your Weekend Do you speak igbo "Ehnnn, obele obele " 
[Tran on caption only] 안녕,다니엘 Ep 2 Preview 'Kinfolk Day with Daniel' Chinese tran fr Weibo. English tran fr @13Iris08 @danielk_konnect #강다니엘 #KANGDANIEL 
I am Hua Mulan. I support Hong Kong Police brutality, and the Chinese Communist Party.  …
The likely  of the coronavirus epidemic is not only that Chinese President Xi Jinping remains in power, but also that the Communist Party emerges bigger and stronger despite the current economic challenges, long-time China watchers said. Agreed!  …
'Fake, Fake': senior Chinese leader heckled by residents on visit to coronavirus city  …
Tocilizumab (Actemra) has been approved by the Chinese government to treat severe #coronavirus symptoms  … #COVID2019 #COVID #CoronavirusOutbreak #Coronavid19 #covid19 #Covid_19 
919 patients cured of the novel #coronavirus pneumonia had donated their blood plasma - about 294,450 milliliters for research and treatment by Thursday, said Zhou Qi, deputy secretary-general of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, on Friday. #COVID19 
China faces rising risk of imported #COVID19 cases as Chinese mainland reported 17 new confirmed cases of COVID-19 on Thursday outside Hubei Province and 16 cases of them were imported from outside the mainland: official 
Just had someone send me some "analysis" by different places about why Chinese sticks are up. How do you people not get this by now? Beijing actually ordered people not to sell. They told traders about about acceptable price levels. Has nothing to do with corona case loads 
CIA hackers have spent over a decade breaking into the Chinese airline industry, scientific institutions, etc., says a Chinese cybersecurity firm. Chinese diplomat calls for measures to stop acts of electronic surveillance, personal data collection  
Update: This is the same Port Qasim where a chinese ship was destined to have carry Nuclear Material when it was detained at Kandla Port by Indian Customs. It now confirms my earlier doubts that some mischief has been planned by Pak near Karachi.  …
Chinese are revolting against a proposed law that would grant foreigners residency. State has been forced to respond: “In the West, an immigrant will bring relatives upon settlement, which has led to problems. China is not going to repeat same mistakes.”  …
#There is vaccine and therapy for influenza, but not for #coronavirus. About 1% of US flu patients get hospitalized this season; 01.% die. Chinese data shows around 20% corona patients need hospitalization. Here's the death rate: high above the age of 60, very high above 70 
Chinese student files sexual  against Pakistani professor  …
Three Chinese medical experts on Wednesday shared their experiences treating the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) with their Italian peers who made inquiries on a video call. 
Thrilled to see Minjian reviewed in the @nybooks - together with 2 translated collections of writings by Chinese intellectuals. Very thankful to @iandenisjohnson for such a detailed and thoughtful write-up!  …
With millions of truckers unable to work, deliveries are slowing, hurting both Chinese and global consumers 
1/ Turns out (surprise, surprise) there were no sanctions against Belgium after its Senate Chair visited Taiwan. In recent weeks @Aktualnecz revealed that the Chinese Embassy sent a threatening letter to the late Czech Senate Chair Kubera warning him...  …
The Chinese ambassador to SA is addressing the media at the embassy. An innocent sneeze may get things awkward very quickly.
BJP government’s “alarming” policies  with Chinese repression.  …
“Conspiracy theories have poisoned the atmosphere for U.S.-Chinese collaboration in addressing the outbreak, which might otherwise have presented an opportunity to reset the soured relationship.” 
CCP is pushing the world to be globalization in the Chinese characteristic style, aka dictating by CCP People fight for freedom and democracy for centuries, please don't back to the Middle Ages 
People who go “ThEn ChINESE nEver bluRrrr?” are also the same people that reads headlines without reading the articles. Same people who barely reads the news. Same people who go into arguments without sourcing other informations / facts to back up their ‘debate’.  …
Chinese doctors say autopsies of coronavirus victims suggest the deadly illness is “like  of SARS and AIDS” that can cause “irreversible” lung damage even if the patient recovers. More Evidence that this is “Just a Flu” #COVID19 
A Chinese think tank says that we could see "a 5 per cent fall in  for migrant workers this year," which would represent 1.0-1.5% of this year's GDP, most of which would occur in the form of lower consumption.  … via @scmpnews
The current Covid-19 panic was caused by the 6-8 weeks of daily "Wuhan is bad" "Chinese eat bats" propaganda that your media put out while China wrestled the disease down. H1N1 originated in the U.S., was not countered at all and was thus not preceded by a similar smear campaign.  …
328 Chinese Nationals Caught Trying To Illegally Enter U.S. At Southern Border 
This is the latest example of China seeking to influence a Pacific country’s response to #COVID19. In this case, Chinese Foreign Ministry Yao Ming expressed concern the travel restriction had delayed the opening of the Chinese mission in Honiara.  …
Corona virus is like pasta. Chinese invented it but it was the Italians who spread it all over the world.
Xiang Jingyu rejected traditional gender roles,  herself to the cause of the Chinese Communist Party. She is one of TIME's 100 women who defined the last century 
The government in #China is using the #coronavirus emergency to push traditional Chinese medicine. Here is a front page article in today’s China Daily promoting herbal formulas, acupuncture, acu-pressure and foot massage... [cont] 
Beijing registers 4 new COVID-19 cases, all imported from Italy. As of Thursday, the Chinese capital has seen 8 imported cases from overseas, bringing its total number of infections to 422  
Coronavirus sends #China’s #aviation industry into free fall, damaging hopes of  global hub "Of the 2.9 million scheduled seats returning to the Chinese market, all but 3,000 are on domestic services"  …
What Democrats Offer America: After Every Single One of them -without exception- Voted Against Securing the Border, while they attack @realDonaldTrump with coronavirus lies -Not a word about the hundreds of unscreened Chinese illegal aliens storming America  …
Her point was that Chinese infrastructure work around the world is likely to be affected by the outbreak. @OBOGlobal asked how it may affect Africa. Naturally, if Chinese construction workers are unable to travel and manufacturing and logistics are affected, so are we.
And the Azerbaijani hotel built in next to nowhere that was reportedly used to launder money for Iran's Revolutionary Guard (Ivanka) & the Chinese patents for voting machines (Ivanka) that were suddenly rewarded during trade negotiations,& how Kushner received funding for 666.
To all: This doesn't just effect Syrian refugees, Chinese dissidents or Roma families. It effects every man, woman & child in the UK. Your human rights. The Convention protects your life, liberty, fair trials, religion, privacy & freedom of expression. Don't let them give it up.  …
Banners carrying dramatic and sometimes menacing messages are teaching the Chinese public how to fight the coronavirus. 
Here's why Chinese scientists say there's a second, more dangerous coronavirus strain 
As global market shows a sign of worry that China-made products may not be able to meet global demand amid the #coronavirus outbreak, the Chinese government and  are stepping up efforts to perish this thought. #COVID19
As a non-productive Chinese, I'm still here, try harder assholes  …
Where's Ivanka?? She made 132 million working in the White House last year 5k outfits every day Hundreds of thousands of $$spent on travel expenses that are kept Secret Chinese patents What are her qualifications? Working as a hostess at a Trump property restaurant?
Simultaneously, 2 news came out: 1) Ph has 2 new cases of coronavirus 2) D30 satisfaction rating rises to "excellent"-SWS The release of 2 news was clearly timed. D30 adm let in 500k! Chinese in just 2mo's during peak of COVID-19 infection. They're in panicky damage control mode.  …
African news sites are starting to cover the horrifically racist online reaction in China to the proposed new draft law for Chinese permanent residency which included thousands of   …
What a coincidence! “[Eric and Don Jr.] off-loaded a Manhattan penthouse to a woman who runs a business selling access to Chinese officials.”  …
While the whole world is struggling with #CoronavirusOutbreak ; Here's a message from an  man in Punjab for the Chinese! Warning : Language 
Don’t forget the fact that McConnell’s wife has a family that is deeply tied into Chinese  The House should probably start investigating that.
For the first time since the coronavirus outbreak began, the Chinese province of Hubei has reported no new cases outside the epicentre of Wuhan 
Millions of Chinese, cooped up and anxious, turn to online doctors 
should’ve promoted properly earlier but this is wang yibo, he’s a chinese idol/dancer/actor and racer. he’s also a member of Uniq.  …
my nines babies we've reached 10 million as of 12:37 today!! AND WE'RE CURRENTLY THE FIRST CHINESE BOYBAND TO REACH THIS!!!  
#BlackPINK has released a series of retro-style photos from their 2020  collection. The four girls’ new look has amazed Chinese fans! @ygofficialblink #LISA #JENNIE #JISOO 
'Fake, Fake': senior Chinese leader heckled by residents on visit to coronavirus city  …
WTF!? Dr. K. Iwata has tweeted that “Hokkaido is riskier than in terms of COVID-19”. He added, “from the medical perspective, it would make more sense to ban the people in Hokkaido travel to other regions of than banning Chinese traveling into from ”.  …
The All-China Journalists Association on Friday issued a statement voicing strong condemnation and firm opposition to the US demand to cap the number of US-based Chinese journalists, urging the US to stop interfering in the operations of Chinese media in the US. 
Here's my multi for the year... 1. No trade deal 2. CoronaVirus will be forgotten 3. People will move back to panicing about climate change/Iran and Russia. 4. Collingwood FC Premiers 5. LA Lakers 6. TRUMP by landslide. 7. Melbourne CBD  the most Southern Chinese city.
4000: 1 matriculation rate, to  YG's first foreign artist, difficult path and many obstacles. Lisa looking at the trainees, she recalled her dream 5 years ago.We are proud of you.Chinese fans have seen the effort #LISA #LALISA #BLACKPINK @qingchunyouni_ 
Imagine it’s 1937 and western journos are calling Chinese leftists “Japanophobic” for taking issue w/ Japanese fascism. Well, it’s 2020 and western journos are calling Muslim leftists “Hinduphobic” for taking issue w/ Hindu nationalism.  …
Biology professor / epidemilogist / disinformation reseaercher here. This is highly misleading. The paper described in the article is a chinese-language research study that does not mention HIV, AIDS, the immune system, etc. Thread:  …
#India - A very rare picture of an #IndianNavy submarine stationed at the Andaman & Nicobar Islands We are seeing more naval deployments there, something much needed to counteract the increasing #Chinese deployments in the #IndianOcean  …
4. Could the Chinese doctor's remark, as quoted in the newspaper story, nonetheless be correct? I suppose in principle it could. But I am unaware of any scientific literature supporting this.
A study by the University of Toronto shows Chinese authorities had blocked virus-related keywords on the internet, including "human-to-human," "unknown #Wuhan #pneumonia," and "Wuhan seafood market" a few weeks before the public announcement of the novel #coronavirus 
3. The paper, for those of you who read Chinese, is here.  … I do not read the language myself, but two Chinese colleagues read it closely for me this afternoon. It does not mention AIDS, HIV, or the effects of #COVID19 on the immune system.
If you want to track the confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the U.S. and are upset by the CDCs biweekly updates of a very quickly moving virus-HERES A TRACKER PUT TOGETHER BY A CHINESE TEAM OF SCIENTISTS. 
"The U.S. move is the de-facto expulsion of Chinese journalists" - Chinese journalists association denounces U.S. demand to cut number of its U.S.-based reporters  
BIGGEST IRONY: this website is the best site for tracking Canadian and US #COVID19 cases and deaths... but... it’s made by a Chinese team. But public data is public - even if we need to still #TESTVIRUSNOW!  
Chinese journalists association denounces U.S. limit on Chinese media  …
Ben Barnes arrives at the premiere of 'Westworld' Season 3 at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Los Angeles. 
And Ivanka's Chinese patents while allegedly working at the WH. And all the money the trumps are charging taxpayers for SS protection at his golf courses. What about that?
Count today, ½ the flock missing. 8 are currently winging their way to China. Weather be kind, make their flight easy. Exciting times about to start for Chinese birders for #easterncurlews. @birdlifeoz @ShorebirdOrg @WaderStudy @waderquest @EAAFP #shorebirds #waders 
the anti-terror bill is more than just killing dissent but actually, putting the calls of the dissenters deep in the ground. once this is passed into legislation, it will be easier for them to enact anti-people policies: K-12, TRAIN3, US & Chinese projects, etc. #JunkTerrorBill
Can we talk about anti-Chinese racism in the wake of #COVIDー19 - people who have been here for generations are now being targeted by ignorant fools. Local Chinese businesses losing customers due to unfounded fears. We're better than this South Africa! #702Breakfast
Bring on Burisma. Let’s see: Emoluments clause. Golf carts at Mar-a-Lago. Room charges to Secret Service. Russian loans. Don Jr., Eric, Ivanka’s Chinese trademarks, Jared’s money from Saudi and Gulf princes. Trump University. Trump Foundation. Oh sure, Burisma.
Archbishop Viganò responds to criticism of Cardinal Zen: Vatican has delivered the Chinese Church to the enemy 
As more than 60 countries and territories impose travel restrictions to Chinese-passport holders due to the coronavirus outbreak, luxury stores are losing their most valued -- and valuable -- customers. 
dumbass said it with her whole chest, shes racist LMFAO generalized all nail techs as viet even when the original post stated the nail techs were chinese. braindead mf  …
filipinos have latino surnames too because of the 300 year spanish colonization. we are a literal mishmash of many different cultures because of the numerous foreigners that invaded the country. a filipino can have a latino, chinese and even american surname.  …
I've been shown that Chinese doctors say autopsies of #coronavirus patients suggest the deadly illness is “like  of SARS and AIDS” that can cause “irreversible” lung damage. h/t @DrDenaGrayson  …
In case Andrew Yang is not selected as Joe Biden’s Vice Presidential nominee, I hear that Dianne Feinstein is still looking for another Chinese driver.
#SouthChinaSea - The latest pictures from the #Philippines occupied Pagasa island (Thitu Island) in the Spratlys showing the progress repairing the runway and building a small harbor Pagasa island is practically surrounded by #Chinese maritime militia boats 
Chinese artist Cao Hui turns everyday objects—such as a chair and jacket—into horrific and bloody sculptures. Using resin, he molds the butchered flesh and organs into the sculpture—paying strict attention to the details. #sculpture #horror #horrorart #art 
*kills self at the gym till my body feels broken* 10:59pm.... You know what, I think I'll eat all the left over Chinese food.
The Department of Homeland Security says that hundreds of Chinese nationals have attempted to illegally enter the United States through the southern border since the outbreak of the coronavirus in China. 
"We don't have enough tests today to meet what we anticipate will be the demand going forward," says US @VP Mike Pence during a tour of 3M facilities in Minnesota. Chinese analysts say current US #COVID19 numbers are just the tip of the iceberg.  
Me: What do you think is a greater threat to the world, Coronavirus or Communism? Chinese bloke: In my opinion, Communism is the virus. Put your hand up if you agree. WATCH the full vid  
We know a lot of Chinese nationals have been sneaking into the #Philippines over the past four years. There have long been allegations that many are military. Now the government is finally investigating.  …
To kick start the Chinese collection at the @univofstandrews I am donating the majority of my Chinese and China-related books to the library there @StAndrewsUniLib. If others have collections they would like to donate please let us know. 
328 Chinese Nabbed Trying To Enter The U.S. Illegally At The Southern Border  …
Chinese doctors say coronavirus ‘like  of SARS and AIDS’, can cause irreversible lung damage  …
Last month, India had detained a Karachi bound Chinese ship Ship was detained by Customs at Kandla Port while en-route to Port Qasim, Karachi, on February 3 on basis of intelligence tip-off. It has now emerged that Chinese ship was carrying nuclear-capable equipment to Pakistan
India restricts drug exports, but without Chinese supplies, stocks may dry up anyway  …
some asked where is the PART2 of reasons to ship, fyi I haven't finished the ENG version yet so you won't find it on my youtube channel. But you can still watch the Chinese version on my BiliBili channel:  …
The richest irony of all, the neocon rag The NY Post says that Iran did it to themselves because of over-reliance on Chinese imports! LMAO.  …
200306 #王一博 #北京2022冬奥会 #WangYibo #Beijing2022 Winter Olympic Games Idols invite you  & support Beijing 2022 snowboarding，battle of Kings, be ready for a hard fight *King = same word of Wang in Chinese *Fight = homophone of Bo in Chinese 
I was forced to just go to the chinese one where I didn’t understand a damn thing. And then got personally attacked by the instructor because I didn’t react properly or was just so aloof. So yea. I hated this crap based on race.
I was ordering chinese food and bro sneezed i hung up so quick
[Product Info for international fans] Pop-up merch from Jan 2020 is... NOW ON SALE!! If you live outside of Japan, you can grab it from the following: (English site)  … (Chinese site)  … #hololive
Chinese authorities have warned people to stay away from the border with North Korea, which is closed due to coronavirus, or risk being shot by North Korean guards - Reuters
Amid the global coronavirus outbreak, a medical worker from #Shanghai discloses the real situation inside Chinese hospitals. The latest #Coronavirus updates ➤   …
Williams has the best Chinese restaurant in Northern California
Hardworking Chinese: Daily routine at a wind turbine 
My 6 year old sister said “just bc people are Chinese doesn’t mean they have the coronavirus”. A six year old understands, while grown ass people are over here being so ignorant
Chinese coronavirus whistle-blower punished for sounding alarm over outbreak awarded title of 'advanced individual' 
bro,,, i cant even write my own name in chinese anymore,,,, im pathetic 
MEDIA RELEASE | Hanson calls for longer coronavirus quarantines Senator Hanson wants the Govt to step-up its Covid-19 measures by increasing quarantine times after a Chinese student tested positive. The student travelled to Australia from China via Dubai  …
"most of the chinese fanboys are hangyul stans" can believe gyul got the kor-japan-ch in his hands. worldwide boy.
For anyone thinks Chinese cartoonist 变态辣椒 @remonwangxt is not a Muslimphobia racist scum. Just read his tweets！ 1. ISIS is no extremism. They are typical Musim. 2. dont call people Musilm，its an insult. 3. A Muslim is only good when he/she gaves up 
And the median forecast now for Chinese economic growth (Q/Q) for this quarter is now at... zero. 
Will Dems Support Border Control Now? Homeland Security data shows 328 Chinese immigrants have been caught illegally entering America’s southern border this year! China has seen 80,000 confirmed cases of #coronavirus and 2,902 deaths so far  …
You don’t say. A brave #WuhanCoronavirus detainee on Chinese Communist Party governance: “A secure life is not an option with a political system that does not give us freedom to speak out and that does  with us truthfully.“ H/T  …
eat Chinese food. it is good. and wash your hands. that is also good.
Why is there a Chinese home page which provides more details on the #virus outbreak than the  …
Chinese asset markets back to two-year highs 
For the first time, Chinese researchers in #Shenzhen observed the true morphology of inactivated #COVID19 via microscope, providing an important ultramicrographic basis for the recognition, identification and clinical research of the 
THIS! This is also the reason I don’t get the flu shot, I have no idea whether I’m getting a  party product or an American one.  …
You’d think Chinese Communist authorities in the city "would breathe a sigh of relief and focus on keeping the population healthy," the Editorial Board writes. "Instead, they chose last week to escalate the repression of opposition leaders." 
Chinese markets slide as the global sell-off takes hold in Asia. The CSI 300 opened more than 1% lower, after closing at a two-year high on Thursday. It was previously on track for its best week since 2015  
Lady on metro next to me tried to cover her face and move a bit away after I sneezed Too late sucker, I've already passed Chinese onto you
This thread is deeply disturbing. a mountain of evidence shows Chinese #Trolls are flooding #Taiwan social media with lies about #COVID19 in an attempt to sucker their opponents into unsafe practices & paralysing  …
143 new cases of #COVID19 reported on Chinese mainland on Thursday, 1,681 discharged and 30 more deaths. Latest figures: - 80,552 total confirmed cases - 3,042 deaths - 53,726 discharged 
It is a picture of a Chinese soldier executing a Chinese. They are not Japanese. 
"How did I  the world's richest man? I collect a fee from shady third party Chinese merchants on my middleman  site. I add nothing of value. Also, zero quality control. Enjoy that lead in your children's toys." 
Our economy is fucking imploding and he's tweeting about Chinese food.  …
Chinese Man Drives Into River Minutes After Passing Driving Test  …
The Chinese Communist Party(CCP)'s Vice Premier Sun Chunlan was inspecting #Coronvirus in #Wuhan Qingshan. The #CCP did not allow the residents  down. The residents were yelling at her from their apartments: "What you see are all fake!" #COVIDー19 
A professor at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville has been arrested for allegedly concealing his ties with a Chinese university, and engaging in wire fraud. According to the DOJ, he conspired with China to defraud NASA to get federal funding.  …
A report out this week shows possible evidence of U.S. cyberattacks on  Findings by Chinese cybersecurity provider Qihoo 360 says a Central Intelligence Agency @CIA hacking group has been breaking into key Chinese industries for as many as 11 years. 
OMFG SO APPARENTLY CHINESE FANBASES HAVE 160k ALBUM ORDERS THAT THEY ARE YET TO PLACE. THAT MAKES 690k SALES IN THE FIRST WEEK ALONE OMFGG
I have just had a Chinese priest in tears in my office. He is a sane and sensible man who teaches in an Seminary run by the Patriotic Association. His words, "Betrayal and another betrayal. The police will use 'Be a good citizen' to persecute us all."
by the way! if you’re not eating at chinese restaurants because of coronavirus that is an act of racism! just facts!
Chinese city of Shenzhen to ban eating cats and dogs I HOPE THIS IS TRUE
Chinese province reports 11 new virus cases from Iran flights: state media 
While the stock markets around the world are in turmoil. The Chinese stock market has recovered all losses caused by the #coronavirus outbreak. Will the US, Europe and other parts of the world to follow? $SPX #China #US #EUROPE #Stocks #Shares 
Did you ever apologize to the  over the FAKE hijab cutting you pos?  …
So because of the growing racism against the  due to corona virus, the PM decides to eat with them Utton hi sohna Nai Dil ton wi sohna ay  …
In Scarborough and across the country, Chinese-Canadians have helped make  stronger and more vibrant. Thanks for the good food,  and even better conversations at Very Fair Seafood Cuisine this afternoon. 
Much of your medicine can be traced back to Chinese ingredients processed into pills in India. Thanks to the coronavirus, much of Chinese industry remains shut down. The potential ramifications are now  clear. @nate_taplin 
Yup. Too little, too late. " @WHO  that countries activate the highest level of national response management protocols" "the ... lessons have not been learned" Praising Chinese gov't's action @TheLancet editorial today on the status of #COVID19  
LOL, there is this Chinese homepage that is really doing a great job in tracking US cases. They have sources for all cases and number them. Highly  
The Chinese invent it, the Italians perfect it. Classic.  …
"Chinese institutions have been told to stop paying researchers bonuses for publishing in journals, as part of a new national policy to cut perverse incentives that encourage scientists to publish lots of papers rather than focus on high-impact work" Read: 
joe biden reminds me of my relatives that would ask me if i “still like those chinese cartoons”
With a chunk of change ($115M) from a Chinese property developer, Boston area universities  launch collaborative COVID-19 project to speed research. It's not the Manhattan Project or anything, but still.  
“It’s unimaginable what feeling, what impact it leaves on us,” said @rushan614, director of @CUyghurs. Her sister has been detained for 19 months by the Chinese government. #Uyghur 
Once again, the Chinese Communist Party is trying to use the swamp to undermine American interests. As I propose in the Congressional and Executive Foreign Lobbying Ban Act, it’s time we overhaul our defenses against hostile influence. Cc:  …
#US House passes TAIPEI Act to support #Taiwan’s int’l presence Bill to protect #Taiwan against #Chinese pressure campaign passes 415 to 0 The bill gives US support for Taiwan’s diplomatic alliances around the world amid pressure from #China  …
The target of the Chinese repression? “markers of Uyghurness,” says Jessica Batke of @ChinaFile. Bearing witness at the U.S. Holocaust Museum with Rushan Abbas @rushan614, Alim Seytoff of @RadioFreeAsia, @adrianzenz of @VoCommunism. 
THIS. India intel caught a Chinese ship providing nuclear capable material to Pakistan!  …
By unanimous consent, the US Senate honored Dr. #LiWenliang, the #Chinese #Whistleblower-doctor who raised the alarm on the #CoronavirusOutbreak late last year in  …
Chinese oil giant China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation (Sinopec) will build 10 production lines of melt-blown fabric, the basic material to make the masks to prevent the spread of 
DIM SUM Didn’t do the folds the traditional way. I’m only half Chinese so. 
Buy one less Made in China a day, Keep the Xi virus away. Fighting Chinese Communist is easier than you think. #MadeInChina #BoycottChina
Oh my fucking god. The chats have succulent Chinese meal man in their video at the end. I didn’t know he was still alive. I could have met him in Sydney and interviewed him 
Imagine being locked up in a Chinese prison for 452 days. You cannot see your family. No justifiable reason has been given. That is what our Canadian friend and colleague Michael Kovrig is facing. #FreeMichaelKovrig.  
Chinese doctors prove for 1st time that novel #coronavirus can damage patients' nervous system  
US Congressman James McGovern ( @RepMcGovern) on Chinese persecution of Uyghurs: “There is no doubt what the Chinese government is trying to do. Stamp out the Uyghur identity.” 
Number of newly confirmed #COVID19 cases in #Wuhan is expected to decline to almost zero at the end of March, based on epidemic data reasoning: Chinese academician Zhang Boli 
COVID vs Flu Death Rate Note Chinese CoV numbers maybe off as (i)denominator may be small due to testing & (ii)these numbers reflect Wuhan-a healthcare system catastrophe due to the viral outbreak (Wuhan death rate was 5.5% versus Korea at 0.7%) 
"Well now Warren, you came in a distant third in your home state. After being humiliated why did it take you a day and a half to drop out? Were you calling Biden and Sanders to try and get a cabinet position promise, or a chinese slush fund kickback?"
Hundreds of millions of poor Chinese Vs. 338,000 well-off middle-class Americans You make the call!  …
Starbucks is expecting significantly lower sales in its Chinese stores in the second quarter because of coronavirus. Now, it estimates a 50% decline, and a hit of between $400 million to $430 million to its revenue in China vs. earlier expectations. 
Today, we confront a particular crime: the Chinese government’s systematic persecution and mass detention of #Uyghur and other Turkic Muslim populations in Xinjiang, a province in western China. China’s actions may rise to the level of crimes against humanity.
Editor of Chinese Global Times  …
China has been actively stealing our research and IP for years. And US authorities have done little – until recently - to stop them. Yesterday, I asked @DHS_Wolf what additional action DHS could take to protect our research enterprise from Chinese espionage and exploitation. 
A Chinese guy I went to school with got a Tesla, and got a personalized plate that says "Tesra" and I can't.
Chinese authorities urge care for medical workers  
"What was largely a Chinese issue just a month ago has turned into a global crisis that threatens to throw the world economy into recession," said market analyst Joshua Mahony at online trading firm IG  
I find it interesting that the fears surrounding Coronavirus Have lead to a number of people reacting with alarm to the presence of Iranian and Chinese people While apparently remaining absolutely cool around Italians And by 'interesting' I mean 'Super-fucking racist'
This obscenity is beyond what you might think. The economic impact of COVID-19 is global. US businesses with Chinese operations or that obtain materials from Japan are getting hit badly. So, this "idea" requires infecting billions, killing 10s of millions, so stock prices go up.  …
Delusionary Donald, thrashing around the coronavirus crisis, announced that his massive rallies "are very safe." Trumpsters, is he about to boast that he himself is your vaccine? What's next? The virus is a Chinese hoax? -R
Fed up with #coronavirus propaganda, a #Beijing resident is calling for a top Chinese official to resign: “Instead of…apologizing to all Chinese nationals...for its failure to take proper control measures during the outbreak’s early stage... MORE  …
Got Chinese food for dinner. Opened my fortune cookie in search of some pearl of wisdom. I got this! I mean they ain't lying but seriously? 
Eh why blur? Oh ya Chinese.  …
Doctor: To help stop the spread of the coronavirus, wash your hands with soap. Patient: What about hand sanitizer? D: Soap. P: What about Tito’s Vodka? D: Soap. P: What if I don’t go eat a Chinese restaurant? D: Soap. P: What if — D: Fuck it, do whatever you want.
The  party can’t be trusted. So happy we have Trump who understands how to deal with them, trade wise and other things.
Study: Nike, Apple, BMW Among 83 Brands Using Chinese Muslim Slave Labor 
The source of this image is his Twitter.  … This image appears to have nothing to do with the Japanese military or Singapore, as the Chinese execute the Chinese. 
Every bit of data available shows $TSLA is actually experiencing worse declines in sales than the airlines, w/o the benefit of keeping cash from non-refundable fares. It has a weaker balance sheet, a Chinese & CA factory, & needs supplies to build cars.
Refusing to shop somewhere based on the fact that the owners and employees are of Chinese origin because of the Coronavirus is, in fact, racist.
Maybe she’s born with it. Maybe she got it from eating rats in a Chinese market
Agreed & Chinese restaurants also feeling the hit from Canadians of Chinese origin. Has nothing to do with racism. Has to do with people not wanting to eat with large groups of people with the food prepared and served by large groups of other people, given concerns re coronavirus  …
Space gay  of characteristics chinese 
The Four most fundamental parts of year. 1. Janurary-1st 2. Chinese New Year 3. First day of Aries 4. Your Birthday
Really starting to feel like an OLD China hand: Just interviewed a Chinese college student who's never heard of Renren 人人.
Chinese pensioner aged 101 recovers from coronavirus  …
China Was Promised World Domination By Globalists After Fall Of USA. They're Like Cockroaches Scurrying Into Every Nation Undermining, Spying, Scheming. DRDO confirms Chinese ship India carrying nuclear-capable equip to Pakistan.  … via @ThePrintIndia
And there we have it. PAKISTANI MIGRANT was Italy's patient zero. He refused to self-isolate. Went round delivering CHINESE (takeaway and virus). Enough with this 'no blame' horseshit. If true, he is guilty of manslaughter in my book.  …
Yungang Grottoes is located in Datong, Shanxi Province of China. The grottoes is a relic of the Northern Wei Dynasty (386 - 534). The sculptures developed traditional Chinese art melded with social features of the time. Listed by #UNESCO as a World Cultural Heritage Site in 
Just ordered chinese food , God I sure hope  today 
@matthewbennett I want to tell you that la sanidad española is not taking coronavirus testing seriously at all. After attending a fair in Germany that had Wuhan and other  I fell ill with sore throat/cough/lethargy upon return and called 061...
yes, support your local asian/chinese shops! Meine Lieblings-Restaurants in #Hamburg: - Asian Streetfood: Yoon-ji - Koreanisch: Hanmi  …
Chinese doctors say autopsies of coronavirus victims suggest the deadly illness is “like  of SARS and AIDS” that can cause “irreversible” lung damage even if the patient recovers. 
“How many lives, cases, and revelations might be hiding behind such data?” A #Beijing resident has called for a top #Chinese official to resign over the state-directed #Propaganda lauding the authorities’ leadership amid the  …
"The man believed to be patient zero in Italy is a Pakistani migrant refused to self-isolate after testing positive.. Authorities asked him to quarantine himself for two weeks, but he ignored the request and continued to work at a Chinese restaurant."  …
One of my subs got me a sailor moon Luna cat hairband, it’s so cutee So here’s 5 random facts about me 1. I’m a huge weeb 2. I’m Buddhist 3. My ethnicity is Vietnamese/Chinese 4. My major is forensic psychology and minoring in criminology and business 5. I’m a huge foodie 
This is a Google translated post because I don't speak English. Soldiers with rifles are Chinese soldiers, not Japanese soldiers. At that time, Japanese soldiers were equipped with such hats. 
..the envelope after 30 - 60 seconds leaving the virus unable to invade your cells! As a vegan I frequent Chinese restaurants regularly. It is a falsehood to think because we heard about this virus in China that all asian people are contageous. They are not. This virus is. 7/ 
The "left" is not exempt here, in fact, they're just as guilty. How many stories have you seen that focused exclusively on ppl in Wuhan? That was an empathetic portrayal? I can only name two. I wonder why that is? We all know why--it's bc none of you see Chinese as human beings
But a large majority of the Chinese people working in America haven’t just visited China and many countries have Covid 19 so you should also stop eating Italian, Japanese, Korean and American food.
. @thechatsband recruit 'succulent Chinese meal' guy for new 'Dine N Dash' video, announce tour  
OK Stop. Couple things: 1. Chinese Gov has invested tens of billions of dollars in Huawei 2. In 2017, China passed a law  corporations to assist in offensive intelligence operations 3. This video is creepy. For more info on this, check this out:  
One Singaporean, Chua Choon Guan, was chosen for death because he's tall, a potential trouble-maker in eyes of Japanese: "They took all well-built Chinese to Punggol beach & started shooting."
Ighalo: Favour is better than labour Nigerians: Nooooo,  first before favour. *Ighalo went from playing in the Chinese league to scoring for fun at Man United. Nigerians: Favour is indeed better than labour. Hypocrisy dey smell!!!
The heroism of Chinese doctors in Wuhan – WSJ, no paywall HT  …
In China Uighur Muslims are interred in concentration camps, Christians persecuted, organs are harvested from living prisoners, forced abortion, forced sterilisation and yet Chinese Catholics are exhorted to be “good citizens”? The Vatican is on the wrong side of history. Again.
"Sook Ching" massacre- "Purge through Cleansing"- has been led by Japanese secret police, Kenpeitai, "screening" all Chinese inhabitants of Singapore aged 18-50, looking for intellectuals, former civil servants, criminals, or the tattooed.
Odion Ighalo at Man Utd: 11 shots 8 on target 3 goals - 2 starts - 3 goals The only quality Chinese product 
I’m so tired of my family acting as if I’m not “Chinese” and continue to say shit. I’m tired of being denied to feel okay being Chinese in my own family...
This is, supposedly, taped during Chinese swimmer Yang Sun's doping trial. This is what you get from a nation with no respect for laws, rules, and regulations. The ones who have the money and the biggest fist make the law. And they want to rule the world. Scary.  …
Odion Ighalo First Nigerian to play & score for Manchester United 2019 AFCON Golden Boot (5 goals) AFCON Qualifiers Top Scorer (7 goals) Top Scorer in England in 2015 (30 goals) 2018-19 Chinese League 2nd Top Scorer (21) First Watford player to score in 6 straight PL games. 
This is NEVER nature born. And the Chinese knew it from the first minute. #Insane scientists without any control from public or politics in Wuhan CLASS4 lab created that fucking #coronavirus in Gain if function experiments gone wrong. My opinion. Am I right? @realDonaldTrump 
Chinese Scientists Find Genetic Explanation For Coronavirus Discriminating By Race So China created this deadly Xivirus then cries racist cuz it only kills Asians?  …
jacking off is japanese. Wacking off is chinese. shouldnt have to explain this one
Chinese doctors also say everyone better wears masks in the public. You never know who has it since it could be no-symptoms and Quarantine is essential. The whole virus  downplayed by US government since they don’t want chaos before election.
As a Chinese person, if you eat a pangolin, you deserve your disease man.  …
Exactly. Chain smoker or non smoker. Long term affects of Chinese air pollution, to name but two factors to earlier Kung damage.
coronavirus kills 3.5-4% of ppl infected Flu only kills 1% & influenza treatments WHO is worried about it mutating Chinese spot I go to is still packed, no effect from xenophobes 2nd spot closed cuz they traveled to China (New Years) & Italy for vacay Just wash ya hands 
handong self-written chinese solo and special clip the audience would like to see it  …
Another great protest this evening, despite the rain, opposite the Chinese Embassy. Thank you to everyone who joined us there. Some great speeches from John Moloney ( @pcs_union Assistant General Secretary), @MahmutRahima (World @UyghurCongress UK rep) and @SheldonStone19 
I haven’t had Chinese in over a month.. I saw my local boss man.. he asked me “where I’ve been and that he missed me” I felt so bad.. I said “Next Cheat day  in”.. he said “Make sure you do Jamal”.. he either thought I was Jamal or had to think of a black name quick
Her and the university should be ashamed of themselves.....A Chinese student says she feels betrayed by Australia after spending nearly $20,000 in order to get around the coronavirus travel  …
CIA has been targeting Chinese  for a decade - reports 
328 Chinese Nabbed Trying To Enter U.S. Illegally At Southern Border  …
White China Expat: Chinese people should shut up about being target of racism  …
It is not racist. The travel ban is not abt Chinese. Is abt ppl  fr #coronavirus outbreak area. No matter his nationality,  fr the travel banned area ever Lady GaGa also can’t entry . The policy Is not racist, is abt how a gov protect their citizens health
Lol, American learning Chinese. Yalu River 鴨綠江 in Mandarin Chinese is transliteration of Manchu word Yalu which means "the boundary between two countries" I wonder what they will make of 哈爾濱 Harbin, lol  …
This is from New York City Subway , Asians ( Chinese, Koreans, Japanese, etc..) are now facing humiliating #Racism in the name of 
PSA: go get a lunch special at a tiny neighborhood Chinese place tomorrow. Not because of coronavirus (although it is, a bit). Just because it will fill you up and warm your soul for $12.
I’m convinced Chinese food is good for the soul.
Health officials: washing your hands is the best way to prevent illness Person #1: or we could just stop eating at Chinese restaurants Person #2: or stop drinking Coronas Person #3: or stop talking to Chinese people Health officials: Oooor: Just. Wash. Your. Fucking. Hands.
The soldiers with the rifles are Chinese not Japanese.
Surprise, surprise. ------ Chinese Media Spread Fake News, Negative Propaganda About US Coronavirus Outbreak  …
328 Chinese Nationals Caught Trying To Illegally Enter U.S. At Southern Border 
Especially Maggie what's going on with the Chinese tradmarks. China approved 3 trademarks same day Ivanka & Jared, met w/Chinese President Xi Jinping at a state dinner. Kickback 
China State News... The "retarded response and  of the Trump administration has placed several states in a state of emergency, with a significant spike in infections forecast in  weeks, Chinese analysts predicted.  …
I went to my fav Chinese place the other day and it was so quiet inside maybe just a slow day, but I worried that people were avoiding them so I ordered extra I'm sensitive lol
Scream racism all you want for us wanting this kind  again. The fact is multiculturalism has decimated parts of the UK. The Chinese, the Sikhs have enhanced the UK massively. But many reasons for the worst of this country r because of cultures COMPLETELY 
“Where the Chinese Communist Party has imposed increasingly harsh surveillance, harassment, and intimidation on our independent and world-class journalists, we will respond to achieve reciprocity. A free press helps expose corruption and protect the people from cover-ups.”-Pompeo 
“Conspiracy theories have poisoned the atmosphere for U.S.-Chinese collaboration in addressing the outbreak, which might otherwise have presented an opportunity to reset the soured relationship.” 
But they’re typically always Vietnamese we just say Chinese cause we think all Asians are chinese
nigguh she said Chinese lmao
In Singapore, after over two weeks of brutal massacre & atrocity by Japanese Army, thousands of civilians are dead. Japanese targeted Chinese population, believing them "inherently hostile", Communist or pro-British. 
Las Vegas casinos brace for loss of Chinese tourism as coronavirus spreads  … via @nbcnews
Its almost like the trump kids grift off the america people ,, a Charity run by the one son, Jr taking rubles , Sister scaming the chinese government, Son in law selling national secrets ,And the Father pillaging the treasury, Things that go Bump in the WH
. Traveled to Dallas for business and eating at a Chinese restaurant for lunch... Tempting fate...?? 
*Imagine a Chinese voice* My nail tech walked up to me and said you look skinny, I start smiling all hard and said I look good like this? He said no I like you better fat don’t lose no more weight. Lmao I feel so treated.
And on the #PrincePhilip point. Chinese studies have proved that kids don’t suffer coronavirus - but they do act as very effective vectors.
Tbh Asian Americans, specifically Chinese Americans, deal with so much surface level racism and no one ever talks about it. It starts with the jokes about them working in mail salons or eating their dogs and it turns into acting like they arent the same kind of human as we are
The Chinatown Chinese New Year Parade takes place this Saturday March 7, 2020, at 10:00 a.m. This is the 20th anniversary of this parade and travels down F Street from Mariposa Street to Kern Street. 
Remember when Muslims on this app made a viral tweets saying the Chinese deserved the coronavirus outbreak due to how they were treating Uyghur Muslims? Look how this outbreak  full circle now  …
Chinese Scientists Find Genetic Explanation For Coronavirus Discriminating By Race  …
One thing I wanted to say on here real quick. Just because you see a chinese person on the streets with a mask doesn’t mean that they have the corona virus. I saw a guy cough at the gym and everyone around him walked away. I get being safe but let’s not stereotype everyone.
For Rowena Chiu, the colliding dynamics of her family’s Chinese cultural background and her conservative Christian upbringing proved to be a “double whammy” in processing the alleged assault by Harvey Weinstein. via @NBCNews  …
Karachi-bound seized Chinese ship was carrying nuclear-capable equipment to Pakistan: DRDO experts  …
3. and which are the REAL data about CHINA? only God knows. do you believe what the Chinese Govt is telling about the dead and infected? I don't.
It's not helpful when politicians say not going to Chinese restaurants is racist. It's only racist if you never go to Chinese restaurants because you hate people of Chinese origin. It's not racist if, for now, you're reluctant to go to any restaurant because of the coronavirus.  …
Fact: Roughly 328 Chinese nationals have been caught trying to illegally cross the border this year Our porous southern border is a national health risk We can't continue to allow possible cases of Coronavirus  in unchecked RT if we need to close the 
TikTok is required under Chinese law to share information with the Chinese government. Recently, the TSA announced a prohibition on its employees using or downloading TikTok on their government-issued work phones—and my amendment would make this ban law.  …
Signed onto @RepMcCaul's resolution affirming what's true: All  both private and state-owned, are under the effective control of the Chinese Communist Party. I don't know who needs to hear this, but #China is not a liberal  …
While we’re on this, American Chinese food is also superior to authentic Chinese food. 
our usually very busy local chinese restaurant has been dead the last few times we’ve been in for the first time ever. if you’d rather let a local business go under than wash your fucking hands you’re a racist and an idiot. support east asian businesses and people now and always
This is so sad... please take this as a sign to order a chinese takeaway or visit your local chinese restaurant this weekend. It’s fine!! And it’s delicious!! 
Just got @AAAStudies email re: annual meeting & #CoronaVirus and THIS is the update email I want: monitoring AND providing #LearningMoment about anti-Asian (esp. anti-Chinese) bigotry and hate that's going on, + link to #YellowPeril teach-in  …
the corona virus is not an excuse to be racist to chinese folks, if you see that  from ANYBODY, even family call them the fuck out and educate them
My brother tried telling me he wasn’t going to eat Chinese food cause of the virus. I told him he was dumb for thinking that he could only get sick at a Chinese restaurant and that he could get the virus regardless of where he chooses to eat. He didn’t say anything else lol
2003 Spectator "diary" entry, and Boris Johnson writes some rather racist remarks about a "sweet faced Chinese" air crew member who did nothing more than try to help him. "Prease, sir" and "velly solly" he writes, mocking her accent.  
So the CORONA virus stopping y’all from eating Chinese food N TRAVELING but HIV ain’t stop y’all from fuckin RAW 
my 2 year old just said "when the lakes of hell freeze over every one will be able to walk on water" in chinese and japanese at the same time
'Telegraph' says IF Coronavirus is an epidemic, 80% of China must be infected. But only .0005% Chinese have been, ergo there's no epidemic. The only sensible thing now for us to do is to stay calm, ignore the panic - and wash our hands constantly.  …
#TBT: Krishna Das with his dog Ai! 'Ai' means love in Chinese. Photo taken in Big Sur, CA, in the winter of 1967. When KD decided to go to India for the first time, he brought Ai to his friends at the Lama Foundation in the mountains of New Mexico, to live out her days. 
Recently, nearly identical messages sppeared on Facebook that falsely claimed the Taiwan gov lied about the #of coronavirus infections and deaths. Those and other messages were part of a cross-platform disinfo campaign that orignated with Chinese trolls:  …
Actually, the Chinese did invent Coronavirus. But it’s not a “bioweapon”, it’s pension reform. 
British sociologist Martin Albrow  the measures taken by the Chinese government in fighting #COVID19, and says it is setting a “very good example to the rest of the 
Must read: "We find it most likely that the main campaign was the work of Chinese netizens organizing messaging campaigns of their own accord...Users on Weibo openly bragged about sowing disinformation about coronavirus on Facebook."  …
ANOTHER Professor indicted over alleged secret ties to Chinese government... 
This is wrong, so wrong. Asians ( Chinese, Koreans, Japanese, etc..) are now facing humiliating Racism in the name of #Corona A video from New York City 
the perpetual frustration of Chinese reporting is that Chinese reporters are by far the best and most well-positioned people to do it and also those who face immediate and serious threats to their own and their family's safety if they do
ICE is threatening  around the country with armed tactical teams. We MUST stand in solidarity & be ready! Please share our #KnowYourRights thread with info in English, Spanish, Chinese, French, Kreyol, Portugese, Russian, Turkish, & Urdu. 
Pope Francis's message: "The Church wants Chinese Christians to be truly Christians, and to be good citizens." Patronizing. Insulting. Condescending. Embarrassing. "They should promote the Gospel, but without engaging in proselytism..." So tiring.  …
Hundreds of Chinese nationals have been caught this year illegally crossing the US-Mexico border 
India seizes Chinese ship carrying material to 'manufacture nuke-capable missiles' in Pakistan 
Over the past four years, the Chinese government has detained more than a million people, most of them Uighurs, in internment camps and prisons. When detainees “graduate” from the camps, documents show, many are sent to work in factories 
Nayeon, Momo & Sana was playing the word game and they started saying in all different languages ㅋㅋㅋ Korean, Japanese, Chinese, English, French MM: 엉덩이 NY: 이? 一二三四 NY: ONCE in the US haven't sleep SN: should we use English? NY: ok, Strawberry SN: Ribbon MM: Bonjour 
I am grossly dissatisfied with Trump's handling of the coronavirus outbreak. There should have been a travel ban the instant we found out China was quarantining entire cities. The Chinese government and their lapdogs at the WHO need to be charged with crimes against humanity.
"The Chinese have been empowered as well by the greed of Chamber of Commerce corporate shills who were all for offshoring production to sell out the U.S. worker if it meant better bottom lines for themselves."  … #MAGA #tcot
Are we too open a society versus the Chinese and are therefore pretty much helpless to stop it? That's the feeling of helplessness that's gripping everyone not just you
#BrothersOfAFeather last night in Portland... Chris and Rich Robinson were joined by the legendary Peter Buck from #REM for a very special performance of “7 Chinese Brothers” from the 1984 album Reckoning.⁣ @remhq ⁣ ( Lauren Massie 
Prof. @BaldingsWorld: Chinese don't have the option of voting at the ballot box, but they do have the option of voting with their feet. Chinese public has learned to not trust CCP officials on their health. #WarRoomPandemic #Coronavirus  
'Fruitvale Station' was turned down by everybody in town, says producer @NYBongiovi. "It’s my Chinese American friends who funded it. Same with 'Roxane' and 'Sorry to Bother You.' That financing was all my friends.” 
#Coronavirus is mutating, Chinese scientists find second strain. it’s already mutated at least once two different types of the new #coronavirus could be causing infections worldwide. there are at least two types of the virus now Worldwide with no cure This is not Good!
Together with Chinese government, NY times, Washington Post, dismissed theories of WuHan Lab. Facebook and Twitter removed the posts and blocked accounts of so-called conspiracy theories. But how do you know what the truth is? I did not see u blocking CCP  …
328 Chinese nationals caught entering US illegally  via @dcexaminer @SecretsBedard
3/6) By not telling MIC Model 3 customers that their car had an older, less powerful chip in it,  "fraud" under Article 55 of China's Consumer Rights Protection Law. This led to dozens of lawsuits & raised the ire of the Chinese, who are sick of getting cheated. 
Suspended Kenya Airways employee Ali Gire has been reinstated back to work following his suspension after revealing a video of a Chinese plane landing in Kenya 
I grew up in the hood where kids ate dry ramen every night or dollar chips and Chinese food they could afford for half their lives fr. I don’t see how someone as educated as Amanda seems to be, would be this disrespectful to another BW during her moment of truth
So do the Chinese resist  Bishops, which are legitimate authority in union with the Pope?  …
Posting on behalf of @doc24109871 since he can't (susp) these two issues. 1: coronavirus has mutated Chinese confirmed that today. 2: cdc warning is to prepare people’s homes for lock down situation. Links.  … Mutation part:  …
I was just in a taxi and the driver was saying how he was refusing fairs from Chinese and Indian people because of Coronavirus. So I did a huge smelly fart in his taxi. Toot toot Mr Racist.
By the way, the Chinese are funny despite the difficult times, thank you 
I will tell you flat out right now these tariffs are devastating to my US friends in hardware and barely noticed by my Chinese friends in manufacturing. It's really fucked up.  …
The Chinese know more about how we depend on them then many very smart economists!  …
As always, I orders what I knew I could pay for if anything happened (thank God for sense) while uncle on the other hand ordered a bottles of 18k5 drink with Chinese and calamari, I just dey look dey shout wow for my mind
Ivanka works at the WH. Jared works at the WH. Rudy's son works at the WH. Barr's son-in-law works at the WH. Barr's daughter works at Treasury. Trump's sons do foreign business. Ivanka is getting Chinese patents & Saudi grants. But let's talk about Hunter Biden.
YOU GUYS I TEXTED THIS TO MY MOM WHO IS A MIDDLE AGED CHINESE WOMAN WHO IS A FAN OF DRAMAS IN GENERAL AND SHE CAME BACK WITH THIS IM CACKLING 
Let's talk about #MoscowMitch shitting on our Constitution, Merrick Garland. Or #MoscowMitch wife, Elaine Chao, ties to mob Chinese shipping. Let's talk about McConnell's desperate attempt to use Schumer as distraction from Trump's disaster #coronavirus Hannity interview 
I’ve been eating more chinese lately, purely out of spite
Russia has cancelled its showcase economic forum in St Petersburg because of the coronavirus. As US/EU businesses pulled out over sanctions, China had picked up the slack - Xi came last year with over 1,000 delegates. Now Chinese citizens are banned from entering Russia.
328 Chinese Nabbed Trying To Enter U.S. Illegally At Southern Border . I hope these sneaky fence climbers are quarantined  … via @gatewaypundit
I’m not gonna eat Chinese food anymore bc of coronavirus?? LMAOOO are you daft
So congress just spent another $3 billion on drug development for more stuff that will have Chinese nationals working in our labs to then import our trade secrets to their country while they export the very contagious diseases for which we need those drugs.
Niet goed. "Chinese doctors have proved for the first time that the novel coronavirus can cause damage to patients' central nervous system."   …
From 이 to yi er san si (chinese) and 본 to bonjour (french)
