Whats sad is the  chinese govt has banned all faiths.. She has no one to turn to  no hope.. This is the cruelests of all.. When we need God, the human spirit cries out.. Father, help this woman & her husband. Bring healing to them.
17-year-old Chinese student canvassed for Joe Biden in Iowa and New Hampshire, then showed up at one of his rallies with a pre-written college  letter for the candidate to sign. He actually did! But then an aide seized it.  …
Antioch @zhangmingguo43 is a follower of @holyspiritspeaks the Church of the Almighty. This is a Chinese cult! They believe that God is a woman & other heresies. Friendly warning & suggestion: block these cult members!!!!
Nobody's at work in Wuhan, there's a lockdown for a reason. Stop spreading Chinese propaganda.
Simplified and literal trans. of 2nd Chinese haiku 心如山水静* 世事珠丝影返照 观喜悦之道 The Hearts Still as mountain and sea Worldly matters Shadow pearl gossamer Reflected in clear water Observe joy The Way of Serenity *Corrected typo in original tweet Pic via KarlaFouts 
Simplified and literal translation of 1st Chinese haiku: 来去红尘间 金蝉脱壳已神仙 子孙空思念 July-2011 Come and go this red dust world Golden cicada has shed its shell- Deity transitioned to higher realm In emptiness offsprings mourn pic via Jim McClanahan #poetry 
The National Center on Sexual Exploitation (NCOSE) announced its annual Dirty Dozen List of “mainstream entities” that are “major facilitators of sexual exploitation in the US” , & this year Amazon, Netflix, Twitter, Google, and the Chinese SM juggernaut TikTok made the list.
Lithuania's annual National Threat Assessment says that Chinese intelligence agents are using LinkedIn to aggressively recruit. (page 33).  
Did Dr. Li Wenliang, the doctor who warned people about the CORONAVIRUS as early as December, die from the virus or was he murdered? CHINESE AUTHORITIES are investigating his death. #wtpTEAM #wtp2020 ⁦  …
Chinese censorship isn't new. Mao concealed that 65M died under his rule & Xi is doing the same. Following the death of #LiWenliang, China's state censors are cracking down on info related to #Corona. Why would anyone believe anything from 
Xi-oncé. What steps should Chinese politician Xi Jinping take to minimize the deadly coronavirus pandemic? 
ICYMI: Dr. Li Wenliang, the Chinese doctor who tried to raise awareness of the coronavirus outbreak in its early days, has been memorialized in a smart contract on ethereum after his death of the disease last week.  Report by @WolfieZhao
She holds patents for Chinese voting machines. Think about that.
Scary scenario and quite plausible. Chinese leaders and medical authorities appear to be hiding the truth when  to deaths and the spread of this Coronavirus. Being  state like Russia, they hate appearing weak to the rest of the world.
The coronavirus may have infected at least 1 in 20 people in Wuhan, the Chinese city at the epicenter of the global outbreak, by the time it peaks  weeks, according to scientists modeling its spread 
That perhaps the difference between quarantining 30k people in Beijing like with Sars and quarantining 400 million people should speak to the fear of this particular disease that the Chinese government has.  …
Residents are welded inside their apartment blocks and left to die. The Chinese Communist Party is lying to the world about the severity of the 
LATEST: Coronavirus surpasses death toll of SARS. Key developments: --More than 800 dead in just two months. SARS killed 774 in 2002-2003 --Hubei province deaths at 780; confirmed cases at 27,100 --World’s retailers take hit as Chinese shoppers stay home 
Chinese leaders’ pride seems to be taking precedence over the Chinese peoples’ health as Beijing rejects expert international assistance to address the coronavirus epidemic. See photo: WHO's chief pleads while Xi Jinping sits impassive.  
A Chinese government-funded think tank has assigned a label to each of America's 50 state governors: friendly, ambiguous, or hard-line. China is trying to do an end-run around the federal government by offering investment directly to states.  …
#GAVIDEO A man collapsed on the street of the capital of Mauritania. People rushed to help him only to realise he is a Chinese. 
A closed mind is like a closed book: just a block of wood. - Chinese Proverb 
As an ethnic group, I see overseas Chinese  increasingly vocal about perceived mistreatment and biases against us in the western world. Some may wonder why we are not equally vocal about the gov's wrongdoing. Speaking for many of us: we are (or are trying), just not here.
The gallery owner is just scared of retaliation from Chinese gov. M2 gallery should do better，but this is also on Aussie gov. Our gov failed us to feel secure in our own land and this must end！ Also do distinguish Chinese from its gov. Chinese are victims of the regime as well  …
He let the world know what Chinese officials were trying to hide from Wuhan. Now he's gone missing.  … #coronaviruschina
Foxconn plan to start Monday is blocked - there goes my plan to buy the new Ipad Pro next month. Watch out for that supply chain disruption & reduction of Chinese demand. Btw, we know for sure Chinese tourists will stay home & rest is less certain.  …
"Chinese intelligence uses LinkedIn to establish contacts with selected targets abroad in the early stages of recruitment operations. The  targets are civil servants, information technology specialists, defence sector employees, scientists, and experts..."
Our Chinese Australians will only be on Christmas Island for 14 days. Our Biloela family have been there since August. Please don’t forget them. 
New York to. I'm sure he has seen the list of Chinese agent/spies working at Big universities. @Harvard, @Yale, @DukeU, KU, @Stanford should start cleaning house.
Hero Chinese doctor who tried to warn the world about coronavirus was sent chilling letter by police before he died  …
Pompeo warns governors of Chinese infiltration into US: 'It's happening in your state'  #FoxNews DON'T LET THEM IN!...WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE?...STOP THE VISA PROCESS...CHINA IS KILLING THEIR OWN (PURGE) AND WE DON'T REALLY KNOW WHAT'S UP..
Great to be at Chinese Dumplings in #TOStPauls picking up some delicious dumplings for lunch. Our country is only as strong as the individual neighbourhoods that make it up and Small Businesses are at the heart of  #SmallBusinessSaturday 
Australia: Beijing's top united front leaders in Australia No. 9: Western Australia-based Xiao Liang 梁骁, member of the Youth Committee of All-China Federation of Returned Overseas Chinese & head of Association for Great China Inc 澳大利亚大华联会会  
LATEST SCOTLAND CORONAVIRUS Chinese Takeaway staff self quarantine after visit to China past few weeks. Scottish Govt says its routine! #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronaVirusScotland @politicalite @JoeBaird1972 @QTAnon1 @HongKongFP @HKWORLDCITY  …
In this video, Pompeo illustrates some of the many ways the Chinese government infiltrates our major institutions and their true intentions ..... The More You know .... 
China is advising doctors to consider mixing Western antiviral drugs with traditional Chinese medicine for the treatment of the coronavirus. But experts question the efficacy of Chinese remedies. 
FIREWORKS: Secretary Pompeo EXPOSES Chinese Government at Governors Asso...  via @YouTube
Warning - #proudmommy moment!!! Watch the girls on TV marching in the SF Chinese New Year parade. They are the lead baby lions in the SPFD lion dance team! 
Chinese Researchers Caught Stealing Coronavirus From Canadian Lab  …
Now is the time to be supporting Australians of Chinese heritage. We are proud of our Branch members and local Labor politicians who  out against the racism targeted  members because of #coronavirusaustralia.  …
From empty shopping streets to shuttered stores, the rapid spread of the #coronavirus is taking a toll on global retailers. @TomMackenzieTV walked the streets of Beijing to see what happens when Chinese consumers stay home. Read more via @business:  
As a 3rd-gen Chinese American woman and a palliative care chaplain at @CedarsSinai, @thumbelulu's The Farewell is the best movie I’ve seen in its depiction of the intersection between culture, illness, and 
Pompeo warns governors of Chinese infiltration into US: 'It's happening in your state'  … @FoxNews #AAG #AAG2020
It’s been great to see UK Chinese people speaking up about #CoronaRacism and particularly pleasing that, thus far, the phrase “the Chinese are a law  has thankfully been avoided
Chinese foot binding - the toes were broken and folded under the foot. More photos here:  
It is high time Chinese people join hands with HK people to end the criminal Chinese regime. Your life is cheap in the eyes of the CCP. Wake up!
China has no freedom of speech ... but they do have the freedom of spits which the government has been trying to curtail in the past years. No wonder that Chinese national who was caught violating traffic rules and driving without a license in Manila spat at the police.
"If You Are Angry, Stand Up": Beijing Scrambles To Tamp Down Unrest As Furious Chinese Take To Social Media |  …
Will the Chinese govt give a damn? No. In fact, they will continue to claim what is rightfully and legally ours. Samantalang nung sumabog ang Taal, namalimos ang gobyerno sa mga Pilipino. Twisted form of governance! Mga hijo de p*ta!  …
A man collapsed on the street of the capital of Mauritania. People rushed to help him only to realise he is a Chinese..... 
From memorising smuggled bibles in prisons to this, Chinese Christians should be our inspiration  …
Oxycodone pills don’t contain #fentanyl unless they’re fake, and if they’re fake, then the fentanyl is  from Communist #China. In other words, the Chinese have killed a US airman with their deadly exports. In military terms, this is called “target softening.”  …
Just by clicking on the #coronavirusaustralia tag you can see the disgusting racism targeted at Chinese people and Chinese-Australians right now Can we make all racists self-isolate for 14-forever??
The Chinese government has agreed to allow an international team to travel into the country to assist in investigating the new coronavirus, the World Health Organization's director general says. 
You don’t own a clothing line... you are reselling shit from a Chinese vendor.
After going up by roughly a third each of the past two days, the number of severe & critical cases in Hubei province went up 1% today from 5195 to 5247 Really? (source: Chinese gov't press releases)
today is the day ive decided nights out just don’t do it for me anymore rather be in bed with a chinese
Chinese tragedies have many, many layers. One constant layer is that so many have suffered and perished, without anyone ever learning or remembering about them. When the people can’t tell their truth, the nation has no memory.
I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She said, "Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!" I said, "Wow!" Then her friend said, "she means 666-3629"
‘We Live in Fear Every Day:’ Burnt-Out Health Workers Prepare for the Worst in Wuhan. Reading about this outbreak & the “containment” by the Chinese government is why we do not want socialism  in America. It is HIGHLY inefficient.  …
Before the end of the day this will be posted by someone as an example of the Chinese police attacking suspected coronavirus patients.  …
Proudly celebrating Chinese New Year in #Vaughan — advancing a message of solidarity and unity with Canada’s  
‘FIREWORKS: Secretary Pompeo EXPOSES Chinese Government at Governors Association Meeting Winter 2020’ 
does she think asians are only chinese people cuz i
"The myth surrounding him has shattered." Chinese leader Xi Jinping faces a battle against the coronavirus and an intense volley of public rage. 
Factbox: Carmakers close Chinese factories because of coronavirus  
These Chinese speaking white guys caught the workers mocking them and it got so awkward once they started speaking Chinese lmfaooo 
Top 9 most streamed @SF9official bside tracks on Spotify: #1 K.O | 2.26M #2 Watch Out | 2.08M #3 Midnight Road | 1.1M #4 Jungle Game | 1.07M #5 SML | 833K #6 Round And Round | 777K #7 Unlimited | 764K #8 SML (Chinese ver.) | 730K #9 Together | 715K  …
Chinese 10s vs. copper. 
The wife and I are gonna try some Thai food tonight, report  though knowing me, I'll just end up ordering anything that looks somewhat similar to Chinese food.
Chinese citizen journalist who has brought the world the truth on coronavirus emergency disappears from the streets of Wuhan 
Australia: Beijing's top united front leaders in Australia No, 4: Anson Hong 洪邵平, chair of The World Association of Chinese from Vietnam, Cambodia & Laos for the Promotion of the Peaceful Reunification of China  … &  
Seeing a lot of anti-Chinese racism, prejudice, and xenophobia. The #WuhanCoronavirus seems to only be an excuse for these things. It's not right and not ok. #StandWithWuhan #StandWithChina
A couple of years ago I bought s car remote jammer from a  online. I have had hours of fun preventing people locking or unlocking their cars. It brings me joy
Breaking News: Verified Information... There are multiple reports of Chinese People in Osoba Close in Gowon Estate having severe symptoms of Corona Virus. These Chinese newly returned from Wuhan in China and are treating themselves of symptoms similar to that of a Coronavirus
During a visit to Chinese ambassador to UK @AmbLiuXiaoMing, Prince Andrew, passed on a message from the Queen to the people of China and President Xi Jinping: “I express my sincere sympathy for Chinese people, and pray for the speedy control and victory over the virus.”  …
Australia: Beijing draws public attention to 9 key CCP united front persons in Australia: No 1: Frank Chou 周光明, chair of Australian Chinese Teo-chew Assoc and permanent Hon Chair of International Teochew Federation,  … &  
...one thing that I've been impressed with in the Chinese response was that when they acknowledged they had a problem, they isolated and got a dull sequence of the virus published almost immediately. And these days that's HUGE for other researchers (62)
Chinese Goverment is hiding the truth: #CoronaVirus crematoriums have already burned 50,000 bodies. Both the number of deaths and confirmed cases are way more then they say.  …
I woulda been a sex a symbol, but chinese food smh
4th February 2020 Chinese government, spraying everywhere even rubbish bins, as #coronavirus is transmitted in more ways than previously  …
“People with money are scared to death,” Chinese cities shut down,  to a screeching halt due to Coronavirus  … via @tfipost
The most jarring thing about this video are the damage control accounts, clearly run by Chinese government officials, attacking the uploader, and how eerily familiar  sound to things I've seen on some of my own videos. 
There are a million Chinese people in concentration camps and China knows the current president of the United States is more likely to be impressed by this than appalled.  …
A prince who was removed from public life passing a private message from the Queen to the Chinese people  …
Another citizen who was vocal in alerting the world to the coronavirus has “disappeared” after being dragged away by the Chinese government despite being healthy. The Libs in Hollywood still feel like defending violating human  or nah?  …
The Chinese government is challenged at the UN Security Council for its detention of one million Uighur and other Turkic Muslims in Xinjiang. China pretends it's fighting terrorism, but it's really stamping out the Uighurs' Islamic faith and culture.  
No amount of spin will cover up for the fact that Queen Elizabeth agreed to this visit because she had #PrinceAndrew convey a message to the Chinese Ambassador on her behalf. I’m sorry, but all of this is just pure insanity.
The second flight to assist the departure of Australians has left Wuhan. My thanks to Qantas and all Australian officials involved. We appreciate the cooperative approach of the Chinese Government.
Chinese Goverment is hiding the truth about #coronavirus deaths and confirmed cases are way more then they 
The WHO claims to be fighting misinformation about the coronavirus. If that's true, then they should be fighting the Chinese government for trying to cover up the outbreak, arresting people for Tweeting about it, and promoting bogus Traditional Chinese Medicine to treat it.
Another Leaked Video of Chinese authorities WELDING SHUT whole apartment buildings with residents inside. What if there’s a fire? 
The ABC is OBSESSED with bringing potentially sick & contagious Chinese citizens with Australian passports to Australia. stop to think to yourself for a second why this is the case? I'll give you a hint..it's basically to reinforce Australias open borders/global village narrative  …
The Chinese Communist Party’s tactics are always the same: deny and deceive. The CCP must be straight with the world on Coronavirus. Global health is not something that can be scrubbed by the CCP’s censors.  …
Chinese officials note serious problems in coronavirus response. The World Health Organization keeps praising them. 
Irony of Christmas Island for evacuees from China- Chinese indentured slaves in 1900s worked in CI mines dying in camps at rate of 50% from dangerous conditions& starvation diet. Sad little known history of Chinese men hoping to return to families with money-never made it home.  …
Important UPDATE on #Coronavius Aerosol transmission is now confirmed by Chinese medical officials This is much worse than  known “droplet transmission” which makes it effectively airborne Source:  
Silicone Valley monopolies challenged -  #Huawei, Xiaomi, Oppo, and Vivo are working on an app store alliance ... meant to challenge the dominance of #Google’s Play store.  
From empty shopping streets to shuttered stores, the rapid spread of the #coronavirus is taking a toll on global retailers. @TomMackenzieTV walked the streets of Beijing to see what happens when Chinese consumers stay home. Read more via @business:  
So Prince Andrew has been doing his own freelance diplomatic socialising with the Chinese ambassador to the UK @AmbLiuXiaoMing. He was invited with @SarahTheDuchess for #ChineseNewYear. The Ambassador says Andrew brought a message of support from The Queen on 
Me looking at Chinese nationals in Zambian shopping malls wearing masks and wondering if their embassy has told them something we don't know. 
A Chinese citizen journalist who served as the world’s eyes and ears inside Wuhan has gone missing 
Coverage of coronavirus in UK media is shocking. A terrible health disaster is being used as a stick to beat Chinese govt. Response reeks of xenophobia+racism. Read this article. Puts whole thing in perspective. Calls out Western response. Powerful stuff.  …
Chinese Citizen Journalist Disappears In #China: @GordonGChang Warns of #Coronavirus  …
@LanaParrilla attends the 2020 Los Angeles, Italia Film Fashion And Art Festival at TCL Chinese 6 Theatres on February 07, 2020 in Hollywood, California. 
Hard to know what’s real, but enough stories like this from on the ground sources that I think we can believe the general story. Horrific. May be a turning point for the Chinese political and social system, not necessarily for the better.  …
Hero Chinese doctor who first warned of coronavirus outbreak before it killed him was warned by police 
BREAKING NEWS The Chinese president has finally spoken on the "CORONA VIRUS" saying, "Shaici ting yang teng wen feng Dong fong 'hong choo la'Jiehang zhing cho feng. Yanghi Xanghi xauhn shei Huang chongle." I agree with him because it's for our own good. What do you think?
Chinese Non Muslims attend Jummah prayer. They don't know Qibla concept and from where go out turn face for prayer (Salah) May ALLAH guide them all back to Islam. Aameen 
On 1/31, Dutch talk show Jinek talked about dogs wearing face masks to protect them them from coronavirus. Marcel Levi, a consultant physician at the University College Hospital in London, said, "I didn't know Chinese people loved dogs so much. I thought the only ate them." 
I don't blame the Chinese fellow, I blame the African being beaten, he should have sent a straight punch on the face of that Chinese.
Bags of dead chicken found near Jiaodong Reservoir in Huicheng District, which connects Dongjian ( #HongKong is bound to buy a min quantity of water from Dongjian at a price dozens time more expensive than Chinese cities) Recently, bird flu was reported in China 
Is it safe to eat Chinese food yet?
Chinese state-run media edit Xi’s talk with WHO chief, in which he said he had “personally directed” the coronavirus response, to say Xi has been “collectively directing” it. Clear intent to shift blame away from & insulate Xi in case this gets much worse.  …
The U.S. government is scouring the globe for rare earths elements to try and end its dependence on Chinese imports 
BIG Q: Can you allow YOURSELF to be WHIPPED or FLOGGED by anyone in KENYA including Chinese JUST TO SAVE YOUR JOB?
This was for Chinese New Year featuring my Chuki and @SimonKilnsworth #furry #kemono #chuki 
On Feb 8, the night of traditional Chinese Lantern Festival, landmarks of multiple cities in China were lit up to encourage and bless for Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel #coronavirus 
Chinese National, Hotel manager of Chez Wou restaurant Kileleshwa whipping a waiter for being late! He should be deported but again how can a foreigner do this to you in your land? Kibaki 
VIVI SPEAKING CHINESE VIVI SPEAKING CHINESE Reply with "I agree" if you agree with her 
idk about yall but id listen to vivi speak in chinese all day 
people in high school would ask me is my mom chinese or asian. she’s korean.  …
“What happens if this coronavirus proves much worse than we expected? The Chinese government is already under scrutiny for downplaying the risks. Why would American news outlets want to repeat the error?”  …
#Cat & #Butterfly, Chen Shu (1660-1736) Chinese words Cat+Butterfly have the same sound or homonyms w mào dié, meaning longevity, which the title connotes. Chen Shu was the best known #femaleartist in Qing dynasty, many of her works were in the palace collection. 
Residents are welded inside their apartment blocks and left to die. The Chinese Communist Party is lying to the world about the severity of the 
Why is President Uhuru, whose father fought for independence, allowing Chinese citizens to torture his fellow Kenyans? Is it not written that "like father like son?" Did Mzee Jomo Kenyatta save us from the British colonialists only for you to take us to Chinese ones?
Look at the Chinese colonialism A video clip showing a senior Chinese hotel officer whipping a Kenyan waiter over allegations of reporting late to work. The video was recorded at Chez Wou Restaurant in Kileleshwa, Nairobi last week. 
In 1973, China had an excess of females and offered the U.S. 10 million Chinese women.
my mom just called me and told me life is going great because all the white people in her tram think she’s chinese and leave the seats next to her bc they think she got the virus .. she said it’s so nice and spacious i’m ???
If you didn’t think the Chinese Communist Party is using $TSLA for propaganda purposes, you might want to  …
The US Embassy in Beijing confirmed a 60-year-old American national had died on Thursday at the Jinyintian Hospital in Wuhan, while the Chinese government offered condolences for the death of "a Chinese-American." 
A senior Chinese hotel officer whips a Kenyan waiter over allegations of reporting late to work at Chez Wou Restaurant in Kileleshwa. Kenya is officially a Chinese Colony. We MUST resist being recolonized. SHAME!! 
Factbox: Carmakers close Chinese factories because of coronavirus  
A Chinese young man is wearing a plastic bag as a protective suit in China as makeshift measures to keep from 
Foxconn’s Plans to Restart Apple Device Production on Monday Were Called Off By Chinese Health Authorities  … by 
Chinese economist calls for lockdown of Wuhan to be called off as soon as possible. “We should open up these cities to allow medical resources to get in, and to stop this human tragedy that is happening”  …
Opps.. This Russian is discriminating China ! Where are the “Chinese” & State Media? Write an article to blame him for racism?! 
I don't want Chinese ppl to think this racism surrounding the Coronavirus panic is unique to us. Lots of parallels to this & Ebola, even HIV/AIDS. Every time a new illness emerges, certain individuals are rendered as pathological entities, as objects of public moralizing. 1/
This is what happens in a propaganda  country! Chinese doctor arrested for warning the public about Coronavirus!! Coming to a city near you if the progressives have their way!  …
it is censored but the cql directors made so many references to ancient chinese marriage traditions that they're still canonically married in cql too  …
i'm chinese n y'all just reaching, saying a fan editing jimin w yibo's hair is implying asians are interchangeable. it's literally an edit, nobody is erasing yibo's name or culture or dragging him or trying to ride his fame. it's not xenophobic or racist y'all just sensitive.
If its true that a senior officer at Chez Wou, a Chinese restaurant in Kileleshwa was captured whipping a Kenyan waiter for allegedly reporting late to work, then we are losing it. We should guard our sovereignty jealously. #racism
This week marks 13 years since QPR caused a diplomatic incident by having a mass punch-up with the Chinese Olympic football team. Bring yer dinner. 
WATCH: Chinese the new Colonizers? #Racism: A senior Chinese hotel officer caught on video whipping a Kenyan waiter over allegations of reporting late to work. @K24Tv reports that video was recorded at Chez Wou Restaurant in Kileleshwa, #Nairobi last week Credit: K24Tv 
A Chinese doctor infected with the #CoronaVirus talks about his experience with the 
I'm worried that the Chinese aren't letting in @CDCgov, @NIH & @WHO scientists because: (1) hubris: don't want to acknowledge they need help, & (2) fear/shame: don't want their people & the world to criticize them for their handling of #2019nCoV #coronavirus #coronavirusoutbreak.
China Employer Caning his employee Simon Oseko. Matiang'i has ensured this people get security protection. Reason 'he was late for work' The victim claims its the norm. President Uhuru Kenyatta and Deputy President William Ruto, see the effect of Chinese in Kenya? Sad! Courtesy 
No, this isn’t like saying “I have a black friend so I can’t be racist!” This is like saying “I have a Hispanic cleaner and a Chinese chef, also, the guy who shines my shoes is black... so I can’t be racist!”
Today is San Francisco’s famous Chinese New Year parade. Here’s a story I wrote a few years back about its history and how the parade came out of immigrant survival in the face of discrimination. 
It’s wild that the main problem in trying to cast China as the obvious geopolitical threat to American empire in the cultural imagination is that it doesn’t “test well” with Chinese audiences lol
Why eggs always acting like they own Chinese people, it’s so weird and many of them ain’t Asian so you technically another non Asian western person treating Asian people as collectibles, weird asf.
“What happens if this coronavirus proves much worse than we expected? The Chinese government is already under scrutiny for downplaying the risks. Why would American news outlets want to repeat the error?” Exactly! Great piece in Wired.  …
Canadian Scientist At Center Of Chinese Bio-Espionage Probe Found Dead In Africa? | Zero Hedge  …
The Asian-American Advisory Board says it is cancelling Miami’s Chinese New Year Festival not because it fears people will get sick, but because of unwarranted fears of novel Coronavirus that would drive down attendance.  …
Which shampoo does these Chinese cultivators use....so straight and silky 
What part of Silence=Death does the Chinese government not understand and how many more dead before they get it? Citizen journalist who was documenting #coronavirus in Wuhan now reported  …
In my culture, Tsonga culture in South Africa. It is forbidden to kill a Pangolin as it brings drought. Scientists have now identified it as a source of the Corona virus outbreak. These Chinese must stop eating everything. #CoronavirusOutbreak 
“I have friends in China who never post anything remotely political online. But now, they’re angry.” - @Yaqiu on public upset at the Chinese authorities’ heavy-handed approach to #coronavirus, including early censorship of #LiWenliang, who tried to warn 
Chinese government: STOP yulin festival! Plz sign:  …
Hey @BuzzFeed, saw your piece on white adopters who can't travel to China to pick up their Chinese adoptee. How about doing a piece on Chinese adoptees who are concerned about their Chinese families, can't return to China & are silenced in their white families? #AdopteeTwitter
Waah yanni a grown up ass man ana bend over to a Chinese employee to be whipped coz ya kufika job late ndio atlest familia issidoz njaa hapo ndio tumefika as a country nlkuwa natahni viboko ziliishia back in primary school LMAO
If you think I'm angered by the video of the Chinese man whipping Kenyans then you're very wrong. Kenyans deserve to be whipped mercilessly till their vacuous heads acquire some sense. Especially these Twitter boys who praise despots for 528/= Chinese twanga wao!!
If you are a Kenyan and your Chinese boss caned you in Kenya and he is still alive, you are a fool. You should be caned some more.
So now Chinese people are even denied the right to be angry. Their outburst of anger over Li Wenliang’s death, we are told, did  from themselves. It was merely a product of sabotage by “overseas separatists.” #I want freedom of anger  …
Africans don’t want to take chances with the Chinese. This is reportedly a Sudanese minister hosting a Chinese delegation 
Video Footage Of Chinese Manager Canning Kenyan Waiter For Reporting To Work Late Angers Netizens  
Chinese  @JD_Corporate has provided automated logistics robot to deliver medical supply to the frontline of anti-epidemic battles. 
Canadian Scientist At Center Of Chinese Bio-Espionage Probe Found Dead In Africa? | Zero Hedge  …
How the Chinese govt reprimanded Dr Li Wenliang, now dead from coronavirus (translated via @alanwongw). A very stark reminder of what it’s like to live under an authoritarian 
For him he was not whipping a human being, for him be was whipping a dog. Most Chinese admit that they view Africans as dogs. I even wonder people fall Ber heels to go study in China people who eat everything that is alive under the sun. Disgusting seeing this in our own country 
The Embassy noticed a video clip about a Chinese chef and Kenyan colleague issued by K24 TV today. We support the Kenyan police to investigate the whole issue thoroughly according to Kenyan laws. Whoever violating the law will face the legal consequences. @K24Tv
China only SEEMS to be civilized. It is a brutal dictatorship. **Chinese citizen journalist disappears from the streets of Wuhan 
I believe Canada has already answered these questions: Don't be worried and let Chinese people cough on you to fight racism. 
Apologies for a bad translation by me. The virus mixes with the air. Not bonds with as many have pointed out is not possible. The Chinese report says "飞沫混合在空气中"
Video of a nurse worked for 11 consecutive days kissing her fiancé through the glass goes viral on Chinese social media. Their plan of marrying on Valentine's day was disrupted as the bride-to-be is fighting in the frontline against #coronavirus. Salute to the medical 
To those asking me for a tutorial on making a QQ/Chinese Fortnite account, I tried helping out a friend and I couldn't even manage to help him make an account due to errors that kept showing up. Until I re-figure out how to create an account I won't have a tutorial on how to.
Chinese political system under significant strain. Predatory mercantilism produced the trade war. Beijing’s heavy-handedness produced #HongKongProtests. #CCP repression & secrecy made the #coronaviruschina outbreak much worse. Time for some transparency & public  …
As far 0:00,February 9,Beijing time,Chinese Blinks have raised a found for BLACKPINK's new album exceeding the total amount of $350,141. Increase of $89,279. @ygofficialblink #BLACKPINK 
Hero Chinese doctor who first warned of coronavirus outbreak before it killed him was warned by police 
#CoronaVirus: Another Leaked Video of #Chinese authorities WELDING SHUT whole apartment buildings with residents inside. What if there’s a fire? Wow!!! Via  …
A Chinese UN envoy thanks the support in fight against novel coronavirus, noting China is fully confident and capable of defeating the epidemic with fullest and strictest control measures  
The Dutch have a birthday song called Hanky Panky Shanghai with fake Chinese words. It's sung in Dutch elementary schools since my dad was a kid. Usually the teacher & students pull their eyes back. For Dutch Asians, this is the first time they feel singled out for their race. 
There was no ill intent when Holland's Got Talent judges Gordon Heuckeroth and Chantal Janzen made racist remarks about a Chinese contestant:  …
NEW: Chinese officials note serious problems in coronavirus response. The World Health Organization keeps praising them.  …
This gon sound ignorant af but it’s real. Y’all stickin up for all the Chinese people when in fact Chinese people do not even like black people
A US citizen has died from the coronavirus in the Chinese city of Wuhan, according to officials. Meanwhile, thousands of people are trapped on three cruise liners in Asia due to fears surrounding coronavirus among passengers. @willripleyCNN reports.  
Special edition United States (1908-1912) + National Chinese Soviet Republic = National States: 
Free flow of #nCoV info to and from China is crucial not only to the global response but to informing the response in China. Kudos to @nejm for rapidly translating all articles into Chinese, sharing on social media, and posting to sister site 
#RickyWongWaiKay bought a machine to make face masks for #Hongkong ppl! Why #China, a big country, cannot produce any face masks for her ppl so that #Chinese cleared most face masks sold in other countries, causing panic and problems? Source: Facebook 
Chinese authorities are now WELDING people in They KNOW things, we are too stupid to accept Like getting off those planes, and vanishing~ #2 #Coronavirus quarantine. #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Every day in America, for years, Chinese/Asians fly in and disappear into our country Living in their own  They could care less about our laws/tax/country I want YOU to watch two short videos #1 #Wuhan #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
I read this as “Chinaland” Like a Chinese amusement park. 
#Marr this weekend with: Justice Secretary @RobertBuckland Chinese Ambassador to the UK @AmbLiuXiaoMing Labour deputy leadership candidate @DrRosena Allin-Khan News review with @andy4wm, @AnushkaAsthana and @janem And the actor James Norton on @MrJones_Film BBC One, 
The US Embassy in Beijing confirmed a 60-year-old American national had died on Thursday at the Jinyintian Hospital in Wuhan, while the Chinese government offered condolences for the death of "a Chinese-American." 
The true aspirations of the ordinary Chinese people. please pass on the coronavirus to Americans and Japanese, they are all bad! Don't infect Chinese Chinese cattle, I beg you! The Americans helping China but #wuhan #china 
I know Chinese food back home is the best. But this? Dog food  …
Delete before the chinese family attack all the supermarkets at JB/KL  …
"There's just so many Chinese people here. I need a mask." This is a request a nurse received from a patient in a Toronto hospital. Chinese Canadians say the spread of #coronavirus has led to more xenophobic 
If you think Ukraine has been buying our politicians wait until you see how much money and how many more the Chinese have bought. Now does President Trump immediately confronting China and the swamp’s coup attempts make sense? Lots of the corrupt set to lose lots of money.
The Chinese Coronavirus has  a major existential crisis for secretary xi and his cadre of miscreants. The fact that they are censoring their own national anthem gives the free world particular insight into the madness at the top. They have lost it. @AmbCuiTiankai  …
Shortly after the death of Dr. Li Wenliang — who was reprimanded by police for warning others of a new pneumonia-like illness — "I want freedom of speech" was trending on the Chinese blogging site Weibo. The posts were gone by sunrise. 
where were y’all when chinese people were facing actual racism over the corona virus outbreak? oh right nowhere since y’all actually do not give a sht about racism in the first place
『Onward and upward - 步步高昇』 On the last day of Chinese New Year I have lit up a white lantern while keeping you in mind. I wish every single one of you a harmonious and prosperous life. Remember, despite the setbacks, always aim for the sky. Onward and upward 
i wanna know why a bunch of non-chinese btches are so brave to call someone “racist” over a harmless  fandom edit just because they feel entitled of their opinions since they watched one chinese drama and stan chinese men  …
Aid organized by the US government, though belated, is still  and we appreciate it. But so far, aid that Chinese people heard from the US leaders are much more than the US aid that people actually saw in Wuhan.  …
China is disappearing Chinese journalists covering the Coronavirus and refusing entry of outside journalists. Trump offered $100 million + U.S. scientists and other experts to help but so far China has refused help. The number of infected cases and deaths do not add up.
Few Chinese dare go outside shopping because of coronavirus. Online food delivery can barely keep up. #美团点评 
Not sure if he just meant for himself or in general. Another problem is a lot of the vids out there are older and uploaded just in Chinese and then it takes a week or more for someone to get them out with subtitles.  …
Coronavirus: what Xi fears most is Chinese turning on the Communist Party It’s not just lives, health and the economy that are threatened by the deadly disease. China’s authoritarian centralised system of rule is, too  …
The US Embassy in Beijing confirmed a 60-year-old American national had died on Thursday at the Jinyintian Hospital in Wuhan, while the Chinese government offered condolences for the death of "a Chinese-American." 
Hong Kong may be a part of China in some way today. But soon, HK is going to quarantine Chinese mainland visitors for 14 days to avoid #Coronavirus threat. When HK does this, China can't blame other countries for discouraging Chinese visitors now.
Remember Marcus Garvey. He said, “A race without authority & power, is a race without respect.” We've sold ourselves cheap to China. They don't respect for us. Watch & listen as a Chinese at Chez Wou Restaurant, Kileleshwa whips a fellow Kenyan, 2 strokes. 
Chinese Activists: Good news! CCTV News Rule of Law Online Channel experts and presenters said that in addition to the focus on banning the consumption of wild animals, the consumption of stray dogs and cats should also be regulated from the perspective of public safety. 
#Coronavirus has claimed 725 lives officially. Given #China’s #Censorship & #Internet controls, most Chinese don’t believe a  out of the world's biggest #FakeNews engine: the #CCP. They have lost the public's trust. Let’s hope the Party is over.  …
Vid going around of a Chinese doc that got it discussing what it's like to go through it. 
When Ivanka Trump had her own fashion line, she almost exclusively used foreign labor. Her brand Chinese factories were frequently criticized for the working conditions. `  …
Gareth Bale's agent: "Bale got an offer from a Chinese club that was impossible to refuse, but Madrid wouldn't sell him. They [the Chinese club] couldn't pay what Madrid wanted. He wanted to create a legacy. He had a vision that he could make Chinese football great." 
WATCH & RT: Nuclear plants, internet infrastructure & British steel - allowing China to embed themselves in our critical infrastructure is  to merely eating at a Chinese restaurant!  …
Breaking... Chinese at Chez Wou Restaurant, Kileleshwa caught whipping Kenyan waiter for lateness. Waiter received 2 strokes, 1 in rib area & another on his buttocks. The Chinese, who carries a whip to 'discipline' waiters, tried to bribe the journalist with 20k Source: @K24Tv
That sounds like the show within a show in some Chinese state satire of the US.
Corona virus shouldn't scare you.Chinese products don't last long 
“The Chinese government is used to sharing positive news and concealing negative news. When they can no longer hide the negative news, they try to find ways to turn negative news into positive news. This also happened during the early stages of the coronavirus epidemic.”
“Even though Beijing tries to censor online discussion about the coronavirus epidemic, they still can't achieve a total blackout. Chinese people already know most of the facts about the epidemic. Even many Chinese officials probably know that they are lying about the epidemic.”
“Unlike the first two crises, the internet has allowed information about the epidemic to be shared very quickly and widely, which exacerbates the level of challenge that the Chinese government has to deal with.”
The warning Chinese authorities delivered to medical hero trying to alert others of disease that would claim his life  …
Confirmed. He is a Chinese citizen! 
One thing that tends to go unremarked is how Mitch McConnell's wealth is linked to the Chinese government.  …
As far 22:10,February 8,Beijing time,Chinese Blinks have raised a found for BLACKPINK's new album exceeding the total amount of $329,814. At the price of $10.72 per album, we can buy about 30,758 albums. @BaoGan_CN @ygofficialblink #BLACKPINK 
So Ri Jeong Hyeok has a dual citizenship? Looking at these documents, he is also a Chinese citizen (종국). This means he can stay in South Korea for real! 
Today is China's Lantern Festival, a day for family reunion to mark the end of the Chinese New Year holiday season. Here is the video to show our respect to health workers who fight at the front line of #CoronavirusOutbreak. We wish them a happy and healthy New 
Only Wuhan & Hubei officials? Why don't you ask #CCP to apologize for 35-day coverup. #coronaviruschina now is China's Chernobyl. Chinese people deserve free speech, free media, & the truth.  …
This is the Nepali version of Akhand Bharat. It claims two entire states of Uttarakhand & Sikkim, parts of WB, HP, Bihar & B'desh's Rangpur! Yet not an inch of Tibetan/Chinese soil despite winning the defeating the Tibetans in 1788 & 1844 Guess they don't want to anger China 
Chinese hospital pharmacy robotic automation 
Is this Chinese Lamborghinis driver using #coronaviruschina to get huggers in Firenze,  …
[ 元宵节快乐! In the midst of his journey Nyan Cheng stopped to admire the beautiful lantern display across Yunmeng. On the last day of Chinese New Year, he wishes you good health and everlasting abundance. May you spend time with the ones you love most. ] 
Stunned to hear a caller today on @LBC using the argument why we should not be concerned with Huwawei dependency in our 5G network. Wait for it: 'What, you eat Chinese food don't you?' Seriously! I fucking kid you not! He didn't say he did, but I have a feeling he voted leave.
Accidental release of “real” data and stats around the coronavirus suggests very grave situation and thousands dead! Would the Chinese government lie? No... 
The ironic thing about all the people invoking Chernobyl on Chinese social media to criticize coronavirus cover-ups is that China had its own Chernobyl x10, but it was so well covered up, hardly anyone knows about it today.  …
hey @Atlanta go support a great local Chinese restaurant. We have so many that deserve it. Here are some: Gu's Kitchen Masterpiece Royal China Xiao's Way Hsu's Northern China Eatery
"The American people need to know farm bankruptcies are up 25% this year ... 30% of farm  is from the federal govt and it's Trump borrowing $28 billion from the Chinese to soften the blow of his idiotic trade war that he's claiming credit for." 
I love the theory that this is a Chinese bio-weapon: “Let’s design a weapon that only kills people when they get shitty Chinese medical care!”  …
Chinese citizen journalist who has brought the world the truth on coronavirus emergency disappears from the streets of Wuhan 
Coronavirus: what Xi fears most is Chinese turning on the Communist Party | South China Morning Post  …
A United States citizen died from the coronavirus in the Chinese city of Wuhan, embassy officials said Saturday, marking the first known American death from the outbreak that has killed hundreds. 
Coronavirus = Revenge of the Pangolins - the world's most trafficked animal; a meat delicacy, traditional Chinese medicine, etc. Karma's a bitch, isn't it? Nope. It's a pangolin.
Chinese Communist Party that disappears young Marxists who revere Mao Zedong now reportedly censoring its own national anthem  …
After analyzing 17,000 #coronavirus cases **provided by Chinese health authorities**, @WHO epidemiologist Maria van Kerkhove said that 82% were mild, while 15% severe and 3% were critical. The death rate stands at less than 2%. But MANY #2019nCoV cases have gone UNREPORTED.
A Chinese citizen journalist who served as the world’s eyes and ears inside Wuhan has gone missing 
"We don't know the extent to which Huawei is obliged to provide information to the Chinese authorities." @Tobias_Ellwood signed a letter raising concerns about the government's decision to allow Huawei a role in the UK's 5G network. Latest:  
Chinese officials struggling to contain the coronavirus are also now battling to assuage public anger 
Gareth Bale's agent on why he wanted to move to China: “He wanted to create a legacy. He wanted to bring Chinese football up. He had a vision he could make Chinese football great. "The money was special too. It would have made him the highest paid player on Earth." 
Someone else needing to be reminded that 'we' didn't fight two world wars, other UK citizens did, supported by Sikhs, Poles, Indians, Canadians, French, Moroccans, Chinese, Americans, Belgians, Greeks...
Adolf Hitler. Austrian, German. Joseph Stalin. Georgian, Russian. Mao Zedong. Chinese. Saddam Hussein. Iraqi. Benito Mussolini. Italy Muammar Gaddafi. Libyan. Kim Jong-un. North Korean. Francisco Franco. Spain DONALD J TRUMP. American You get my drift? An exclusive club
WATCH: Chinese authorities are now WELDING DOORS SHUT to whole apartment buildings, as well as residents inside - to impose #Coronavirus quarantine. 
The #Chinese people are standing up to the #CCP's censorship, refusing to let #LiWenliang die in vain. They see through the #Communist Party's lies and are demanding accountability. The Party is  …
Nine prominent Chinese intellectuals have put their names to an open letter to the NPC, calling for parliament to implement free speech right enshrined in constitution, make Feb 6 National Freedom of Speech Day (  …
A Chinese man who was warded in Johor after being tested positive for the 2019 nCoV has been discharged and given permission to go home, making him the second patient in Malaysia to make full recovery. 
after that yesung just rest on the table with an expression like this (theres a term for this in chinese but idk what is it in eng lol) cr: 辛德瑞拉的拖孩 
Stay strong, China! Stay strong, Wuhan！Many buildings along Shanghai's landmark Bund illuminated these slogans to express their solidarity in the fight against the #coronavirus on Sat, which is the day for the traditional Chinese Lantern Festival. 
Just me, or does it seem like a lot of Chinese disease experts are getting coronavirused?  …
This is a terrible idea. Anyone who thinks the corrupt Chinese government will use a single penny to help victims is kidding themselves. China has already turned the CDC down cold.  …
Bats don’t carry passports. Foreigners can catch the virus too. To imply there’s a connection between the virus and the Chinese nationality or race is wrong and insensitive, at a time when people are dying and enormous sacrifice is being made. #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Chinese social media has been swamped with messages of anger towards the government after the death of a doctor and whistle-blower Li Wenliang. He had previously warned people about the coronavirus after China attempted to cover it up and silence him.  …
I feel so sorry that almost 30 Chinese attendees told me they are unable to attend #CGLondon Let's pray the situation will get better soon and all those who won't be on the scene please stay tuned on our  …
Chinese leaders want to make sure food flows to crowded cities despite controls to fight the viral outbreak and to quell fears of possible shortages and price spikes. 
The #Chinese government has confirmed at least 20 cases of #coronavirus in #EastTurkestan, but the actual number is likely to be much higher, considering the media blackout in the region due to #China’s mass detention and surveillance campaign  …
How Coronavirus Outbreak Could Wreck The Chinese Economy  …
The Philippines has donated 52 boxes of basic emergency and food items to the Chinese government for the people Hubei province, the epicenter of the #nCoV crisis. | via @jvrmateoSTAR 
This is a startling graphic showing malpractice by Chinese officials when you remember that Dr. Li Wenliang posted on Dec. 31 in a private chat group that he saw a high risk of human-to-human transmission with the new virus.  …
The former billionaire Anil Ambani has been ordered to pay $100 million within six weeks as a deposit in a lawsuit in which three Chinese banks are seeking hundreds of millions of dollars in defaulted loans 
In 1973, China had an excess of females and offered the U.S. 10 million Chinese women.
My cartoon Saturday @TheTimes on #Chinese suppression of #Coronavirus information. #DrLiWenliang 
Another patient infected #nCoV2019 discharged this evening. 40 year old chinese national was admitted Jan 24, pneumonia deteriorated. On Jan 28 treated with antiviral Kalestra. After 8 days of treatment, he’s tested negative three times consecutively & discharged: MOH DG  …
Bale's agent Barnett: "Yes, Bale wanted to create a legacy. He wanted to bring Chinese football up. He had a vision that he could make Chinese football great. He's won everything that he can win, and he's done it many times." LMAO at the people who said Bale didn't want China.
Bali is transformed from a tourist Mecca to a ghost town as Chinese tourists are banned because of the spread of coronavirus 
Time to test the waters Chinese National Team 9 a.m. CT Waco, Texas 
Chinese nurse working in isolation ward kisses boyfriend through glass 
The Chinese public have staged what amounts to an online revolt after the death of a doctor, Li Wenliang, who tried to warn of a mysterious virus that has since killed hundreds of people in China  …
#Coronavirus: Chinese Communist Party Tries To Blame US For Outbreak  …
One of the toughest places to get married in is china,like 80% of their women are educated to PhD level and most of them are already millionaires in their 30s,I read articles of Chinese  how hard it is to get a woman to settle down with because it isn't about love
xiaozhan's douyin tag (chinese ver of tiktok) ( #肖战) has 28.8 billion views which has made him  number one amongst all celebrity tags. congratulations to xz! douyin is used by not just fans but general public too. on this platform we can really see the popularity of 
”Hangzhou, a Chinese city with a population of 10 million, said it would temporarily ban the sale of flu and cough medicine at pharmacies, in an effort  people who might be sick to see a doctor.”  …
The Chinese national anthem is now subversive...in China  …
Well said @MetroMayorSteve - our  have my full support and solidarity.  …
This is the reason some Chinese local gov physically blocked the road with rocks and dirt. Some guy forced the #coronavirus quarantine check points in An Yuan county, Jiangxi province. He was later caught by 
A mother infected with #coronavirus gave birth to a healthy boy in east China's Zhejiang. As the baby boy was born on Chinese Lantern Festival, his family gave him a pet name "Xiao Tang Yuan" (Little Sweet Dumpling) 
I think amidst all the fear (justified at times) and so much false information, people are forgetting the trauma that the Chinese are going through at the moment.  …
“We’ve been flying to China since 1973. So it’ll not be ethical; it will not be morally acceptable to stop flying to China today b/c they’ve a temporary problem.... we’ve to stand w our Chinese brothers and sisters”- CEO Tewolde defends ET’s decision to continue flying to China 
Did you know: The total population of Chinese alone is larger than the population of all  China population stands at 1.4 Billion & Africa with its 54 countries stands at 1.2 billion.
Perhaps Chinese consumers might think twice in future.  …
@yaneerbaryam an observation by @RobertoBurioni, an Italian MD: the rate of #2019-nCoV positives among Italian or Belgian citizens repatriated from Wuhan is unexpectedly high, given the published Chinese stats. FYI @normonics  …
Although every Chinese who came back was healthy, we imposed strict quarantine requirements on them, they were required work and eat in their rooms and observe for 14 days. It is the responsibility of every Chinese to make sure the virus does not reach Pakistan brother. 
Medics at Juba International Airport run away as plane with Chinese Diplomats lands over corona Virus scare. 
#Coronavirus: What Xi fears most is #Chinese turning on the Communist Party It’s not just lives, health and the economy that are threatened by the deadly disease #China’s authoritarian centralised system of rule is, too A great  …
MANILA passengers on the same flights as 2 Chinese citizens found positive for coronavirus in Philippines could not be reached, Police only able to track down 102 out of 191 passengers. Unfortunately, their phones wouldn't ring.  …
Four Chinese passengers from cruise ship hospitalized with fever in #NewJersey, US already has 12 confirmed #coronavirus cases MORE:  
The U.S. government is scouring the globe for rare earths elements to try and end its dependence on Chinese imports 
Something terrible is happening in Kordai, south Kazakhstan. Inter-ethnic conflict broke out between local Kazakhs and Dungans (Muslims of Chinese origin) conflict. Officially, 8 people killed and 40 injured.  …
lisa and jisoo teaching each other tiny bits of thai and chinese 
Chinese social networking platform Douban has censored lyrics from #China's own national anthem "rise, people who do not wish to be slaves" due to "radical content"  …
Add oil, #China! A Chinese netizen made a steamed bread with a pattern of the Chinese national flag and characters denoting “add oil, China” to express his solidarity amid the novel #coronavirus 
Some have said that ‘racism’ is not ‘the real issue’. Commentary on Sinophobia has been called ‘low hanging fruit’. Others have claimed that denunciations of Sinophobia are only valid if they also denounce the harms of the Chinese state, such as the Xinjiang concentration camps.
'Hero who told the truth': Chinese rage over coronavirus death of whistleblower doctor | Via: Guardian  …
Do you see what’s happening with Chinese citizens dragged to quarantine facilities against their will? That will be the fate of #Antivaxxers before you know it. Seeing the storm trooper health police attacking innocent civilians is something that you’re being habituated to daily.
The only reason to be surprised by the Chinese gvt’s reaction to Coronavirus is if, like so many, you’ve been conveniently ignoring that it’s an evil totalitarian dictatorship. Ignored the lack of freedom, the systematic human rights abuses. Focused on GDP, forgot about the truth
[SIF EN] If you are having issues with the Valentine's campaign and face a blank screen when wanting to give your Chocolates, a solution has been found where changing the game's language to Chinese (Other > Language > 3rd option) fixes the problem. 
"There must be international demands to inspect the (Uyghur) camps and perhaps sanctions levied against Chinese authorities and businesses if China does  with the inspections."  …
In SM Super Idol League's (Weibo) Lantern Festival wishes, they have given an opportunity for fans to drop their questions to #CHANYEOL (expected to be asked in his  game broadcasts) "we want him to sing (SSFW, Go Away, short Chinese songs..); plans for solo in 2020?!, 
Hey @RoyalCaribbean banning all Chinese passport holders onto your cruises crosses the line & is racist You should look if people have been in dangerous spots not just passports Fear-mongering & racism Time to short the stock. Chinese won't forget  …
The Chinese Built a Hospital in 10 days and wena you can't even secure a valentines partner for next week SIES!!! 
Chinese health authorities reported on 7 February that 31,161 people had contracted the infection in China, and more than 630 people than died.  …
Singapore quite happening eh. Chinese panic buy all household items, wuhan virus spreading, malay guy main bini org nak lari negeri. Wah luckily we indians chill only
How to better protect yourself if you’re going outdoors during the #coronavirus outbreak? A Chinese woman wears a cute Christmas tree-like inflatable doll as protective clothing when she goes out for exercise. Inside the clothes, she wears double layerings of surgical masks. 
Sir, as a Chinese proverb says: “Teachers can open the door, but you must enter it yourself.”
Registered as national treasures, Sagaku-bo and Ugaku-bo are gagaku dance music halls. There are two types of gagaku, one is from India and the Tang Chinese Dynasty, Sa-no- mai (the left dance), and the other is from China and Korea. U-no-mai (the right dance). When people.. 
#Coronavirus #LiWenliang : Chinese academics call for justice for coronavirus whistle-blower  …
Did you all know that sometimes in Chinese history the husband would be adopted into the wife's family and then their children would take on the wife's surname? princesses married to foreign royal families often acted as dignitaries and ambassadors. women were also in trade
Spread love, not germs or rumours on Chinese Valentine’s today  …
To help farmers affected by #CoronavirusOutbreak, Chinese  giant Alibaba set the "Foodies Help Farmers" page, so farmers can sell their fruits and vegetables online. The products were destined to Spring Festival markets but the epidemic has delayed their shipment. 
One of Australia's oldest #Chinese language  Sing Tao goes into liquidation in Australia. Sing Tao has always been considered a loyal #CCP mouthpiece for many years. It used to be Hong Kong  …
Chinese eat Bat, Chinese scared. look at us malays and indians chill only
A gentle reminder that with a few exceptions in my early career the fiction I write features Vietnamese culture and not Chinese culture (And given China is our colonizer its a bit annoying to be mistaken in that way)
Despite the fact that the Chinese Communist Party censored the pandemic of #Coronavirus Artists among many... could still express thousand words among 
The next Tiananmen Square? Chinese citizens are demanding increased free speech after the death of a coronavirus whistleblower doctor. China is censoring their calls.  …
| FORZA CHINA Inter's players will wear a special patch with a message for Wuhan and the entire Chinese population for the #DerbyMilano  
#coronavirus #Kazakhstan Kazakhs are not burning down Chinese restaurants and houses due to coronavirus. Stop spreading fake news.  …
okay bc I'm angry about foot binding I'm gonna a thread on my favourite non-Mulan badass historical Chinese women cos y'all need to broaden your horizons some LOL
tweeted asking men to send tired women some $$and then I muted the tweet (not my business) ate some chinese food & went to bed. now you lot are acting like I’m Bernie Madoff for helping a nice lady getting $7 from a willing (& probably horny) man. I give up this place is cursed
There is actually a sign up in the hospital telling people it’s okay to eat Chinese food and that it won’t give them the Coronavirus. 
FOXCONN'S PLAN TO RESUME PRODUCTION ON FEB 10 HAS BEEN CALLED OFF BY CHINESE AUTHORITIES DUE TO WORRIES SURROUNDING CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK - NIKKEI
The Chinese are building disinfection lanes at entrances to residential buildings  
We're on the lookout for a male voice actor for a Chinese-language project! Preferably native Chinese but fluent is also acceptable. DM us your samples/demos if you fit the bill! This is for a paid project with more information upon request for suitable applicants!
Chinese mainland netizens warned that #HK secessionists & foreign entities are exploiting the grief expressed over the death of #coronavirus "whistleblower‘’ Dr #LiWenliang and are spreading anti-China rhetoric on social media.  
Zahedan, SE #Iran While countries across the globe are banning the entrance of Chinese people onto their soil to prevent the spread of the #Corona virus, the mullahs' regime is allowing them in & Iran's passenger planes are constantly flying to & from 
#LanQiRen actor HuangZiTeng sharing this photo for today YuanXiaoJie(chinese 15day) #JinGuangYao and #WeiWuXian both are in the photothis really looks like #LanJingYi is the son of XiYao #TheUntamed #lanwangji 
Extremely concerned to read of the treatment of Mancunians of Chinese heritage following coronavirus. Come on peeps of Manchester we can do much better than this.  …
Heartbreaking video of a Chinese nurse in a Coronavirus-hit hospital in Henan Province gives her sobbing daughter an "Air Hug". God bless this Mother. 
Another confirmed case of novel coronavirus outbreaks in Malaysia, bringing the total to 16. The latest case : a 67-year-old Chinese tourist who’s the mother of an existing chinese patient’s friend, both are currently placed in HKL isolation ward ~ MOH 
Chinese #LanternFestival today, 15th day of the first month in the lunisolar calendar. No lantern and CB today in Beijing under the #Coronavirus. let’s celebrate on-line with the woodcut print in my studio: Night Scene in Peking, 1922,by Elizabeth Keith. Happy 
“The Chinese people are getting a rare glimpse of how China’s giant, opaque bureaucratic system works — or, rather, how it fails to work,” writes Li Yuan 
Who are the smartest students in the world? The Chinese, according to an @OECD study of school-aged children in 79 countries. More via @business:  
People have many questions regarding Dr. Li. Acting with a high sense of responsibility, the Chinese government has begun to investigate. I suggest not quickly jumping to conclusions before the investigation ends. Any concealment will be punished by law. 
Canada asks travellers from Chinese province hit by coronavirus to not go dancing on the weekend, resist temptation to go to Starbuck and avoid movie theatres Or Health Canada official might pout Get Real Trudeau  …
While US president @realDonaldTrump praised Chinese president Xi Jinping’s efforts to contain #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak despite hundreds of people killed and the first death of US citizen reported, @WhiteHouse asks to investigate the virus and its 
Actually, there’s a reason why BTS came to this Chinese restaurant. Jungkook came to this place when he first entered the high school. He told them to visit this place again when he graduates 
Just talked to a Chinese friend. The Chinese conspiracy web is blowing up about the doctor death.
Exactly. I think this is on song. Coronavirus: what Xi fears most is Chinese turning on the Communist Party  …
All kinds of Chinese dishes came out from BTS’ mouth. But Jungkook was cool. He checked all the menus requested by the members and successfully made the order. Isn’t he worried about it? 
Li Wenliang, the now decseased doctor whistleblower wrote “I understand” at the bottom of a police statement telling him not to disclose information about the virus. In remembrance of Li , some Chinese internet users are holding slogans saying “I can’t” and “I don’t understand.”  …
A Chinese woman escapes quarantine, and Chinese police shoot her with a gun. #VirusCorona 
Special message by Mr Yao Wen, Deputy Director General, Department of Asian Affairs, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs for the Pakistani media on the efforts underway by the Government of China  the #coronavirus & also expressed gratitude for the support by 
The senior Tories take on the Chinese state. I am genuinely excited about seeing Iain Duncan Smith stand in front of a column of moving tanks. 
#coronavirus: More key #Chinese cities in lockdown: #Shenzhen (13 million people) & #Guangzhou (15 million people) These cities in the Pearl River delta are the main export hub in south #China This is a massive damage to the Chinese economy 
Something tells me the Chinese government isn't being fully transparent about WHAT THE FUCK IS REALLY GOING ON OVER THERE???!!! #coronavirus 
"The detention of Chinese Australians has happened swiftly and without any backlash." This kind of racism should be called out for what it is and opposed with all our might.  …
So to distract from the virus fiasco, the Admin hits at VFA. To distract from the VFA fiasco, the Admin switches back to the virus fiasco. Chinese are still leaking into the PH. Duque is busy blaming Filipinos  It’s more wild, wooly, and toxic in the Philippines!
#Break Brazil rescues 1 Indian national from #Wuhan Brazilian Air Force flight with 40 evacuees dropped off 4 Poles, 1 Chinese, 1 Indian in Poland. @IndiaToday @MEAIndia @jairbolsonaro @narendramodi @DrSJaishankar @BrazilEmbassyIN @indiainbrazil #coronavirus 
Anil Ambani has told a foreign court on a Chinese firm claim in the court, that his net worth in assets is zero! Huge implications
An estimated 5,000 Chinese tourists are stuck in Bali after Indonesia banned direct flights to and from mainland China 
Sufficient masks will be on Chinese market in the near future! China produces two masks every second, whereas a standard process of disinfection takes 7 to 15 days. That batch of masks produced on the first day of the Chinese New Year may just be on the market today 
#BREAKING China's public health authority decided to give a "temporary name" to pneumonia caused by #nCoV2019. It's called 新型冠狀病毒肺炎(novel coronavirus pneumonia). The abbreviations in Chinese and English are 新冠肺炎 and NCP respectively. 
JUST IN: A United States citizen has died from the coronavirus in the Chinese city of Wuhan, embassy officials say, marking what appears to be the first American death from the outbreak that has killed hundreds 
"Hi, I am your deliveryman and my body temperature is normal today." Getting groceries delivered through Alibaba, the Chinese  giant, has  a different experience in China since the coronavirus outbreak. 
“Lord Buddha, Guanyin, please spread the #coronavirus to Americans! They are too bad!” Lord Buddha and Guanyin are the deities that Buddhist Chinese used to worship. 
The toll from the coronavirus continues to spread world-wide. In China, it is now attacking the power and prestige of Chinese leader Xi Jinping. 
While recapping the last trading week I couldn't ignore what has happened in the Chinese market. People's Bank of China has injected on Monday 1.2tn yuan of liquidity into the financial system or $172 billion. To put it into historical perspective, look at this chart. 
CDC estimates that so far this season there have been at least 22 million flu illnesses, 210,000 hospitalizations and 12,000 deaths from flu in the US. Not coronavirus. Regular old flu. There have been 12 cases of Chinese Coronavirus in the US. 
Abit funny ah... wuhan came from china but all the chinese taking everything.. good ah we malays and indians eat air  …
No one is going to tell people with online stores and global conglomerates that Chinese factories and businesses may not re-open until May. I will. And most use a flawed Just In Time logistics model so they keep very little inventory on hand.
What if the Chinese government created the coronavirus so that they could wipe out a few people because there's too many of them ?? 
Despicable Chinese nationalists are impersonating me, stooping this low is their trademark! Please ignore these doppelgangers, they aim to dilute the truth in order to somehow make China look better  …
simon says....... touch ur toes simon says....... jump on one foot fredo disco says....... fuck the chinese government :)
this guy and the chinese guy always lurk around bugis esp the mrt exit at bhg...that time a chinese guy w the dragon tattoos came to me asking if i was above 18 and when i said no while rushing off there was another chinese guy w tattoos as well came all up in my face and said -  …
We've told you before, stop spreading racist theories that only Chinese people can get infected, everyone has ACE2 proteins the virus can attach to, as seen in yesterday's case in Italy.  …
If you see a Chinese person who is wearing a mask and you avoid them in fear of the Corona Virus. You are a racist. The only way to avoid this is approach them and demand they spit in your mouth. Failure to do this will decree you xenophobic! PS you must swallow!
Why were mass quarantines exercised on Wuhan and other epidemic areas? Can the Chinese government manage to contain the epidemic? And how can the  cope with the epidemic  human security? #coronavirus
His original video in Chinese had over two million views on Youtube, the translated ones had  as well plus all his hits on Chinese social media platforms. China is pushing positive PR - pushing hard the past three days. He was a thorn in their side.  
i swear i will knock on every chinese household and demand for a cup noodle at this rate of madness! #selfish
These legends crashed the Chinese rally “against racism” in Melbourne to let them know that stopping flights from China isn’t racist, it’s logical. Well done, lads. 
Please do reach out to us in case assistance is needed. We remain in touch with Chinese authorities to facilitate our citizens wherever feasible. 24x7 hotline and dedicated email: +8618610952903 & +8618612083629 / helpdesk.beijing@mea.gov.in (2/2) @MEAIndia @DrSJaishankar
2018，my show #Gongle was cancelled in Hong Kong due to the threat to my family from Chinese government. 2019，I reveal my face in my doco #ChinasArtfulDissident 2020, my art got censored again by an Australia，Sydney gallery @m2surryhills！ Outrageous and 
Thoughts on the Australian economy - Aus is going to be hit hard by the coronavirus/Chinese lock-downs, harder still the longer industry is closed. - The precise impact will likely remain a mystery for at least a couple of weeks But one thing is certain tough times are ahead
I've created a google doc to support heritage speakers in Chinese to talk about what's happening on the homelands of the Wet'suwet'en people to folks who mainly speak Chinese in  DM for the link if you have scientific/linguistic/technical expertise to offer.
The  catch 22 ever. Either it's a bioweapon or the world has to accept that the Chinese are basically toddlers that put stupid shit in their mouth and it's up to everyone to babysit them.  …
Drake and @ImaanHammam tonight at the #imaanxframe party at Chinese Tuxedo. 
And that 2 percent is with the manifested and misreported numbers the chinese government reported, I’d rather overeact than underreact sir
This is an INTERESTING COINCIDENCE. New Chinese MANDATORY vaccination laws took effect on December 1st, 2019, which is about when the #Coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan started. If true, these MANDATORY vaccination laws alone, are an EXTREMELY concerning 
#BREAKING: 7 new cases of the Novel #coronavirus in Thailand, the total is now at 32. Among the new case are 4 Chinese (1 tourist, 3 family members of a former case) and 3 Thais (1 contact with a former case, 1 Thai flying in from Wuhan, 1 contact with tourist). 10 discharged.
We only care about is it chinese, or eastern indonesian. Thats all
In honor of chinese lantern festival today I would like to post this 
"The American people need to know farm bankruptcies are up 25% this year ... 30% of farm  is from the federal govt and it's Trump borrowing $28 billion from the Chinese to soften the blow of his idiotic trade war that he's claiming credit for." 
This entire Chinese Singaporeans buying off everything on the shelves, ridiculous. This is why wuhan virus only Attack Chinese, cause Chinese stupid. And this  from a Chinese himself.
No matter how long you live in #China, you'll never  a #Chinese. But millions of migrants from different backgrounds proudly call themselves (and are) #Americans.  #Bernie calls #America racist, but that only shows his utter ignorance, like all other lefties.
If the Chinese lock down is prolonged don't be surprised if we get another Chinese wave of buying into the Australian residential property market. People won't think twice about paying premiums and moving to Australia if the health of their family is threatened.
CORONAVIRUS LATEST: - An American woman died from the coronavirus in Wuhan, @nytimes says - A Japanese man suspected to have contracted the virus also died in the Chinese city - Death toll now at 724 globally 
In Uganda, Dissidents Adapt to Evade Huawei Assisted Government Spying | Back in Zimbabwe the regime has given this Chinese tech giant tax free exemption - why does  deserve this?  …
Insane. Sydney art gallery @m2surryhills refuses to display the artwork of Melbourne based Chinese dissident @badiucao #Censorship #China  …
YEP. We get patients with them constantly. I personally use "coronavirus" because the only alternative is "Chinese coronavirus" or "Wuhan coronavirus" and both racialize it.
Japan's Foreign Ministry says a Japanese man died of severe pneumonia at a Wuhan hospital. He is believed to have be infected with the new coronavirus but it was difficult to make a diagnosis and Chinese officials listed his cause of death as "viral pneumonia"
The Chinese doctor who tried to warn about Corona virus, forced to sign a confession for spreading rumours, reminds me a bit of the scientist who tried to warn about the Chernobyl design. Both poorly treated by their respective countries; both heroes.
Feeling the effects of this outbreak, which is low/middle class everyday Chinese citizens.. There is a lot more to this story that’s guaranteed and you bet will work it out and dig up what’s really happen..
prom 2020 but more like a chinese new year gathering???? yes. 
As the Wuhan coronavirus continues to spread, two US-based cruise lines are forbidding people with Chinese, Hong Kong or Macau passports from boarding their cruise ships, according  statements 
Beautiful Uyghur dance, must watch. We can’t see anymore those Uyghur dances in East Turkistan now, since it is not allowed by China. Only ugly red Chinese song and red Chinese dances in everywhere 
Where did the obsession with IV  from in China? (If you're not familiar with Chinese hospitals, they prescribe - and patients demand - IV drips at roughly three times the global average rate.)
"Hi, I am your deliveryman and my body temperature is normal today." Getting groceries delivered through Alibaba, the Chinese  giant, has  a different experience in China since the coronavirus outbreak. 
@NSWHongkongers regret to announce that we are not able to display Australian-Chinese political cartoonist @Badiucao’s artwork at our exhibition. For our full statement, please refer to the images in this post. We kindly ask everyone to respect the will of the gallery 
A total of 86 people in mainland China died from the Wuhan coronavirus on Friday, according to the country's National Health Commission. That was the highest single-day death toll since the Chinese authorities began issuing daily updates. 
The  about about the everyday heroism of Chinese health workers are so inspiring  …
"Hundreds of miles from Hubei, additional 30 million Chinese are in coronavirus lockdown"  …
There is some crazy  out of China atm as  party has started acting more and more like the old party of Mao..My heart bleeds for these low/middle class Chinese citizens that this virus is effecting the most right now.. 
A Chinese citizen journalist who served as the world’s eyes and ears inside Wuhan has gone missing 
"Kowtow" - act in an excessively subservient manner (very much English) Most of our words came from other languages "kau tau" in Cantonese "ketou" in Mandarin Chinese
As far 12:00 am,February 8,Beijing time,Chinese Blinks have raised a found for BLACKPINK's new album exceeding the total amount of $272,663 @BaoGan_CN @ygofficialblink #BLACKPINK 
WOW: Wuhan Hospital Announces Death of Chinese Doctor Who Warned of Coronavirus  
Chinese visitors sneak into Mindanao resorts Annabelle Yumang,DOH regional director in southern Mindanao, said... while those who did not show the symptoms... were allowed to visit any part of the country The virus can spread even w/out symptoms! Hello?!   …
#Thailand - Thais spike #China-led plan to dredge #Mekong river to make it accessible to #Chinese cargo ships  …
A  20 percent of Cambodia's coastline? For...99 years?  …
Many Chinese Hidden loves KARD like me，and there is a KARD chinese fan weibo has over 30000 followed. and this time many Chinese hidden have bought Kard new album！we love KARD 
Please support Chinese citizen journalist Chen Qiushi! @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio @SecPompeo @VP @WhiteHouse @VOAChinese @Xuxiaodong3 @ding_gang @BBCBreaking @cnnbrk @FoxNews @TIME @nytimes @SeeMoney49 @WHO @hrw @UNHumanRights @StateDept #FindQiushi  …
the tweet is a critique of lee kuan yew’s racist assumptions. he claims tt malay muslims are less likely to help chinese ppl bc they aren’t of the same race & religion, implying tt chinese are more likely to help each other, but the frantic hoarding says otherwise.
A total of 86 people in mainland China died from the Wuhan coronavirus on Friday, according to the country's National Health Commission. That was the highest single-day death toll since the Chinese authorities began issuing daily updates. 
A Chinese doctor reprimanded for warning against a "SARS-like" coronavirus before it was officially recognized died of the illness on Friday, triggering online expressions of anger at the government and fuelling suspicions of censorship. 
As the Wuhan coronavirus continues to spread, two US-based cruise lines are forbidding people with Chinese, Hong Kong or Macau passports from boarding their cruise ships, according  statements 
“the Chinese Communist Party’s hostility to all faiths" should be on the agenda of the Ministerial to Advance Religious Freedom in Warsaw from July 14-16, 2020. @SecPompeo @YatesDCIA @robert_spalding @CaoChangqing @iguangcheng  …
It was announced by the Chinese authorities that sanitizer would be sprayed over some cities. Bleach-water mostly. This happened some days ago.
“This is the most severe threat to the regime's political legitimacy in the past two decades,” Yale Law School professor Taisu Zhang tells @WmBrangham about the Chinese government 
#Peacock is believed to be a spirit of happiness in Chinese culture. May this breathtaking piece by a Chinese artist brings happiness to all. 
Tesla’s #China plant to resume operations Feb 10, says Shanghai government, according to Chinese media. @Tesla $TSLA
3/ The 3000 Chinese, the Indian govt put into detention centres in 1962 were 2nd/3rd generation in India. Many died in detention due to sickness & starvation. Most were FORCEFULLY deported but did not want to go as India was home! #NRC_CAA_NPR READ  
NAE already down in the swamp “Other Chinese engineers elected to NAE yesterday including Fei Fei Li ( part of Google dragonfly project ) ZhongHan Deng, husband of a CCP’s PLA celebrity singer, and a key member to “transform” China’s semiconductor chip industry (!)”  …
Oh, good grief! This racist sign was seen outside @HarveyNormanAU's Albury store. No surprise given Gerry Harvey's a bigoted RWNJ. Guess they now have to throw out all the Chinese-made goods they sell. #BoycottHarveyNorman #AusPol (via 
the Chinese government has been ignoring offers to help from CDC and WHO because they don't want to seem weak.  …
Watch your pronunciation, Chinese learners: shao v. xiao. Whistle-blower” is 吹哨者。吹箫者is something else.
Mainland Chinese authority has suspended all business visa applications to HK.  after HK’s new mandatory quarantine policy, which will also deny some returning from mainland from entering HK if their visas allow fewer than 14 days stay in HK. 
Shiseido top brands’ sales halved in China Burberry store sales have fallen 80% in China Disney sees $135mil profit decrease if Shanghai park stays closed The business impact when Chinese consumers disappear bc of coronavirus  quantifiable  …
The Chinese #economy will witness a recovery once the novel #coronavirus epidemic is controlled, and policy tools are sufficient to shore up growth and help enterprises endure the difficult situation, officials and analysts said. #China
In the 1980s, the U.S. Army equipped the Black Hawk helicopter with an ESSS (External Stores Support System), which enabled it to gain close to Apache's attack capability. It could carry 16 Hellfire ATGMs.The Chinese copy version can't do this so far. 
Bernie saying he wouldn’t remove US troops from Korean peninsula, doesn’t support the BDS movement, and validating anti-Chinese imperialist lies all in a day— 
THREAD: The history India is silent on that must be revisited as we face the threat of #NRC detention. During the 1962 war with China, India rounded up thousands of Indians of Chinese descent saying they were "foreigners" & a threat, and jailed them for 5yrs in detention centres 
Since Australia gov has banned entry of Chinese (ind. student) due to #coronavirus. “Transit Tour” are operated for Chinese student to enter into AUS through staying in another country for 14 days. This encourage people enter w/ ignoring local public health. 
Sawaddeekha. I just would like to inform you that I have already gotten a slot to enter to JOONG’S Birthday event. It is from my lovely Chinese friends. Thank you very much Xiexie ni men and also thanks to everyone here for always thinking about me. APPRECIATE
Don't make this about Korean/Chinese thing, the op wanted to see jm in that hairstyle that's why they edited it,not bc yib0 is Chinese and they don't like his face
4/ In HK, we have experienced similar scenarios before, in the 2010s, there were huge social controversy over Chinese tourists and some of their behaviours. Chinese  from a different cultural background, have different etiquette standards.
“Stay strong, #Wuhan! Keep fighting, China!” Chinese fans of K-pop sensations such as #BLACKPINK, #RedVelvetᅠ, and #BTS, write down their good wishes to cheer up people affected by the 
“Theft of American trade secrets by China costs… $300 to $600 billion in a year.” An aggressive campaign to root out #Chinese #Espionage operations has snared a growing group of Chinese officials, business people, and academics pursuing US secrets.  …
LOOK: People wearing masks, attend a vigil for Chinese doctor Li Wenliang, in Hong Kong, Friday, Feb. 7, 2020. | AP Photo/Kin Cheung 
The Right to Freedom of Speech Starts Today — An Open Letter to the National People’s Congress and the NPC Standing Committee, by 张千帆,许章润,笑蜀,郭飞雄, and 5 others  … Many Chinese think they have no need for freedom of speech. Hope they'll think again.
Inquiry launched into wombat hunting by Chinese high rollers #auspol #vicpol #SpringSt hey @DanielAndrewsMP @LilyDAmbrosioMP what have you done about this? #crowncasino  …
Daily confirmed cases of #coronavirus on Chinese mainland outside of Hubei Province have been decreasing for four days in a row. The numbers are: - Feb. 3: 890 - Feb. 4: 731 - Feb. 5: 707 - Feb. 6: 696 - Feb. 7: 558 
65. #QAnon 370,000 students from China in US developing personal connections between US institutions & Chinese alumni/colleges.  … Why is China/Qatar donating vast sums of money to our education institutions? 
Knock-on effect of #coronavirus - fields of watermelons are being left to rot in #Myanmar because there are no buyers on the Chinese border. @thuttag @annwphoto  …
As of 00:00, February 8, Beijing time ,Chinese BLINK fundraising for BLACKPINK's new album of 2020 total amount exceeds $260,642. #BLACKPINK #블랙핑크 
Confirmed cases outside Hubei saw decline on the 4th consecutive days: Feb 7: 558 Feb 6: 696 Feb 5: 707 Feb 4: 731 Feb 3: 890 As of Fri, China saw 34,546 confirmed cases in the Chinese mainland, including 722 deaths. 
HKGov and CCP haven't learnt from history, 17 years passed, Chinese govt still allowing the consumption of wild animals, still covering the outbreak of #coronavirus If China and HKGov can't handle the problem, just step down and change to someone that can do the 
It grinds my mf GEARS when someone asks “are you asian or Chinese?” idk bitch are you dumb or stupid???
Because Chinese government (CCP) know exactly what kind of virus they are dealing with. It’s bio weapons from their P4 lab. Don’t trust what they are saying but look at what they are doing.
Nothing ever changes. Chinese authorities refuse outside help even from WHO which has been bending over backwards to praise. Are they hiding something? Do they not want Chinese people to think that a helping hand  from anything than the Party?  …
"源（origin）" is pronounced the same as "元", so use an origin to celebrate the Chinese Lantern Festival （元宵节） 
while mark was struggling with chinese phrases lucas made sure to let him know he’s doing well every step of the way DON’T CALL ME YOUR BRO UNLESS YOU’D DO THIS FOR ME 
Myanmar's watermelons intended for export to China are being left to rot, because the coronavirus outbreak has jammed logistics at the Chinese border  
Shit! Although this Chinese woman has left the plane, she has vomited on the plane and took off without disinfection #CCP_is_terrorist #China_is_terrorist #chinazi #WuhanCoronovirus 
#Sydney’s Chinese residents have set up a memorial to Wuhan whistle blower Li Wenliang, who died this week from the 
I’d rather buy a Chinese mattress than a racist one.
mark asking lucas to teach him chinese 
today i offer you  of nakyung speaking chinese. tomorrow? who knows 
Chinese Whistleblower Doctor Who Raised Alarm of Coronavirus Has Died  …
Several people on my town's Facebook page are debating the risks of contracting coronavirus by popping bubble wrap because it contains Chinese air and I will be listing the house tomorrow. (Any replies starting with "Well, you know..." will immediately be blocked.)
Joe brought in the Chinese. I wonder why  would want to hire Hunter Biden.
If you’re a Chinese, it’d be a snack.  …
YES!! @BernieSanders calling out Kim Jong-un for North Korea’s horrific record of human rights abuse and killing his own people; MBS for the horrendous slaughtering and dismembering of #Khashoggi and the Chinese government for their abuses against Muslims as we speak #DemDebate
Bernie is doing well this debate. That was a good answer on foreign policy, and I appreciate he hit Xi Jinping and brought up the Chinese concentration camps.
Mayor Pete on the phone with the Chinese restaurant, ordering in Cantonese in front of Wayne’s girlfriend
Chinese banks loan case: UK court orders Anil Ambani to deposit $100 mn  …
Chinese domestic security police (guobao, 國保) across China are summoning, calling, and threatening people for expressions about the death of Dr #LiWenliang. Again, it’s a national operation, Xi Jinping is freaking out.
Pangolins could be the link that enabled coronavirus to spread from bats to humans, Chinese scientists claim 
"The American people need to know farm bankruptcies are up 25% this year ... 30% of farm  is from the federal govt and it's Trump borrowing $28 billion from the Chinese to soften the blow of his idiotic trade war that he's claiming credit for." 
I'm working on a (small) personal game project. I'm looking  an artist to make cyberpunk style street signs but in Arabic instead of the usual Japanese and Chinese. If you know any Arab artists/illustrators who know how to write in Arabic, please tag them! Please RT!
The Chinese police is not so different than the US police.
China reports 3,399 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infection, 86 new deaths. The overall confirmed cases on the Chinese mainland reaches 34,546, and a total of 722 people die of the disease  
Despite health authorities urging Australians to carry on with their lives as normal after the outbreak of the coronavirus, businesses in  in Melbourne have been feeling the pinch. 
How many people have to be infected, for us to stop seeing the #CoronaVirus as a #Chinese issue? The only way to  a shrinking world is to expand our thinking. Just like #climatechange, this is everyone’s challenge. We cannot save the world by ignoring the  …
#CORRECTION: Confirmed cases in Chinese mainland: 34,546 as of Feb 7
What the  is doing here is absolutely shameful. Hoarding necessities means depriving someone else of them, and throwing around the term "kiasi mah" isn't gonna give other presumably non-chinese families rice or even toilet paper
Report: Local durian prices halved as Chinese demand falls amid coronavirus outbreak 
(1/x) Many Chinese cities adopting aggressive lockdown policies  coronavirus. Include: tough controls on mobility & collection of personal information. In Wuhan, mass shelters too. Definitely worth seeing if Party specifically drawing on recent policies in Xinjiang...
Let's go! Scum Villain's Self Saving donghua team is back to their old tricks! #人渣反派自救系统 a new image for the Lantern Festival released at 9:09 AM Chinese time! That's the chaotic energy I like to see! Happy Lantern Festival! 
Hey @RoyalCaribbean! We have a planned family cruise going out of Galveston on Sunday. You tell me my mom can’t go bc she has Chinese passport even though she hasn’t been to China in over a year. This is frankly racist but the least you can do is refund the money. @CNN @nytimes
My wife and I invited Duke of York and his family to our residence and celebrated Chinese New Year. Their enthusiasm for China and contribution to China-UK relation is highly appreciated. 
Her Majesty The Queen sent an encouraging message to President Xi and Chinese people: At the critical time of fighting #coronavirus, I express my sincere sympathy for Chinese people, and pray for the speedy control and victory over the virus. It was conveyed by Duke of York. 
#LATEST on #CoronavirusOutbreak in China, as of Feb 7: - 31,774 confirmed cases in Chinese mainland, another 26 in Hong Kong, 10 in Macao, 16 in Taiwan - 722 deaths - 2,050 discharged from hospital 
Dr. Plummer was part of the team that developed a patent that found a cure for the Ebola virus which included Xiangguo Qiu, the Chinese spies caught stealing pathogens from the Canada P4 lab.   …
Chinese state television has released what it says is a recent video showing the production of medical supplies like hazmat suits and gloves used  the #coronavirus outbreak. The death toll in China for the virus rose to 636 people on 
The endangered pangolin may be the link that facilitated the spread of the novel coronavirus across China, Chinese scientists said Friday, February 7. FULL STORY:  …
"The American people need to know farm bankruptcies are up 25% this year ... 30% of farm  is from the federal govt and it's Trump borrowing $28 billion from the Chinese to soften the blow of his idiotic trade war that he's claiming credit for." @MichaelBennet on 
Meanwhile, @PDChina reported another death of a frontline doctor in Nanjing City. He was the deputy head of Nanjing City’s Chinese Medicine Hospital and insisted on treating patients on the frontline when he was still alive. 
JPMorgan Now Expects China Q1 GDP to Drop 1% , Crash To -4% If Coronavirus Is Not Contained - Will the Wall St stop putting US public pension into Ponzi Chinese stocks & bonds? @TheLastRefuge2 @Avery1776 @almostjingo  …
3. 370,000 students fm China in US developing personal connections btwn US institutions & Chinese alumni/colleges.  … Arrested Harvard professor was “Strategic Scientist” at Wuhan University of Technology in China.  … Traitors for 
"The myth surrounding him has shattered." Chinese leader Xi Jinping faces a battle against the coronavirus and an intense volley of public rage. 
Max Blumenthal calls for BDS while supporting the Chinese genocide against Uighur. He is a self-promoting fascist hedging his bets that  out on top and he satiate his yellow fever in the halls of the Forbidden Palace with the blessing of Comrade Winnie the Pooh.  …
I’m not ordering from this Chinese restaurant anymore 
Maybe Cayetano is right. The PH is like Singapore in the 60s as Malays (in our case Filipinos) were squeezed out and Chinese took over. Except we didn’t get Lee Kuan Yew, we got Kim Jong Un Jr.
This is sad -- and wild. Chinese restaurants in Massachusetts have seen a "sudden and swift decline in business" because of fears over Coronavirus. Full statement here from the Massachusetts Restaurant Association, which is calling on residents to support those businesses. 
We plan to run longer trains tomorrow to  for expected higher ridership for SF Chinese New Year Parade. Gong Xi Fa Cai, Bay Area!  …
PREMIERE 8pm ET:  “The problem of monopoly is not just a problem of domestic tyranny. Foreign tyrants can use it as well… it became very noticeable when the Chinese started censoring the NBA using their economic power,” says @matthewstoller on 
Let's do everything we can to help  … But let's not say foolish things like this: "Ottawa and Beijing have had their differences. A prominent Chinese executive is facing extradition to the U.S., while two Canadian citizens remain in jail in China"
The chinese translation for penguin is business goose.
This is a potential blockbuster for #2019nCoV control. I'm eager to see the science, but based on this news acct Japanese researchers find 50% of all infections are passed from people BEFORE they have symptoms. Bad news, given Chinese control effort is based on detecting fevers.  …
“You don’t look Chinese” <coughs>  …
Tossing the VFA and aligning with China? No one in their right minds aligns with China. Even Chinese don’t want to align with China (Taiwan). It’s suicide, like plugging Filipinos into a death-mongering borg hive.
Make no mistake the brutality China has shown to those with #coranovirus has all the hallmarks of an authoritarian state bent on total control no dissent. The Chinese govt is not an ally to a civilised state.
“At this point, it’s really a decision for the Chinese,” @SecAzar said. #China’s leadership has let a month elapse without letting US experts in to help study the #CoronavirusOutbreak, said the @HHSgov  …
Today in Crypto: • CME #Bitcoin futures break $10K • BTC transactions at 5-month high • Bitcoin ATMs surpass 500 globally • $ETH 2.0 to launch in July 2020 • Institutions lock 26k BTC for 1yr • Coronavirus stalls Chinese mining • US Navy bets $9.5M on blockchain
Chinese Citizens Revolt Online After Whistleblower Doctor Dies of Coronavirus 
The assumption that all Chinese people are either horrifically suffering or brainless idiots is prime white colonial arrogance (and yes, even the Chinese diaspora can be like this). They just can’t imagine that people can actually be happy in a non-Western socialist country.
I’ve noticed that  way people legitimize aggression against the Chinese government is either by saying all Chinese people hate it or that all Chinese people are brainwashed into supporting it. Either way we need to save the poor Chinese from their own government!  …
Why mass detentions of Chinese Muslims are likely to worsen Coronavirus scare | Opinion  …
How to get your own way Chinese style 
Coronavirus: Royal Caribbean bans all Chinese nationals from its cruise ships  …
“There is no medicine, no medical staff, no hot water, very limited food, no heating… This in fact is a death camp!” Since Feb. 5, the #Wuhan gov't began sending #Coronavirus patients to these makeshift hospitals—called “ #Fangcang” facilities in Chinese.  …
I understand that we are all against Chinese indoctrinating Uyghurs and setting up Muslim detention camps, which is very absurd and I strongly condemn those acts. But this isn't the time to racially discrimate all Chinese.
U.S. federal agencies are split on how best to handle national security concerns surrounding popular and ubiquitous Chinese-made drones 
Dr. Li Wenliang was killed Thursday by the coronavirus he’d warned China about. Now he’s quoted all over the Chinese internet: “A healthy society should not have just one voice." 
A leaked photo shared on Chinese social media has revealed hundreds of medical workers in the #Coronavirus epicenter of #Wuhan have been infected with the  …
Perhaps you could have spoken to the reporter and given your takes on: - technologies the Chinese are using to fight the virus - hardware implications of supply chain disruptions - what biotech is doing in terms of antivirals, vaccines So she could... cover them....
Chinese media's reporting of the death of coronavirus whistleblowing doctor Li Wenliang ignited online anger after he was first pronounced dead, then alive and, finally, dead again. 
This has got to be a low point for otherwise missing-in-action CBC when  to coverage of China & Chinese influence-peddling in Canada. You need to turn to an emissary from Beijing to instruct us in whether a local newspaper headline was racist?  ….
It’s “wartime” for Xi Jinping, as the Chinese leader puts himself. It’s a battle against the biggest public-health crisis in China in decades; it’s also one against the most intense volleys of public rage at the China model itself. With ⁦  …
"this is the most severe threat to the regime's political legitimacy in decades" a Chinese college professor says of China's public outrage after the death of the doctor who first warned about coronavirus @WmBrangham reports @NewsHour
Beijing has refused to give clearance to a Qantas 747 Australian Govt evacuation flight to land in Wuhan to pick up 200 Australian citizens. Urgent negotiations are being held with Chinese officials by DFAT (Dept of Foreign Affairs & Trade) cc @thespybrief  …
"Chinese rage after the death of the doctor who tried to warn the world about coronavirus"  …
If you don’t already have #coronavirus seems being put in these Chinese isolation camps will ensure you get it. I don’t think any of us have ever witnessed anything like this before seems we are experiencing historic global pandemic unfold before our eyes.  – at The White House
I wonder if US and Chinese federations ever made  about what happened after the throwing-in event on Friday that apparently affected their skaters. The same two skaters are to skate next to “that” event on Sunday too. 저 난리가 났는데 미연맹 중연맹은 가만히 있었나 
Extraordinary that a US Republican argues for this level of state intervention in technology market: taking control of  to counter Chinese Huawei lead: #LandoftheFreeMarket  …
Cancelling the VFA is a lot like throwing the US out of Philippine bases. We all know how well that worked. (Peers west through the morning gloom at all the Chinese ships marauding in Philippine seas.)
My husband is using an unopened Christmas card to write down our Chinese food order in case you have ever wondered if we are assholes or not.
This is a very interesting interview that goes to some unexpected places. The Early Edition with Stephen Quinn: Tong Xiaoling, the Chinese consul general in Vancouver, on the coronavirus and racism.  ….
When in 1981 Chairman Deng Xiaoping accepted my suggestion that the route to Kailash Manasarovar via Pithoragarh, closed over decades, be re-opened, the Chinese laid down a condition--only Hindus (Art 25 definition) be allowed. GOI agreed
Chinese 'democracy tourists' see Iowa up close 
Chinese Netizens and Expert Suspect Wuhan Bioresearch Lab Is the Source of the Coronavirus  … via @epochtimes #China #Wuhan #Coronavirus #Bioweapons #BioResearch
As Chinese Internet users try to track the Coronavirus, their government is tracking them — People in China are using the internet to track the coronavirus outbreak. But if they amplify the wrong thing, they could get arrested.  …
In Africa we have had these animals #pangolin but never #Coronavius but Chinese who poach them from Africa are blaming innocent pangolins for 
China's censorship and propaganda machine is no match for the outpouring of grief and anger at the death of Chinese doctor who sounded alarm --and was initially silenced -- over coronavirus  @LiYuan6
Box Hill is open for business! Yesterday I listened to small business owners who are struggling with a 60% drop in business since the Coronavirus outbreak. It’s so important we get behind Australia’s  and small businesses, now more than ever. 
Chinese scientists say Pangolins may have spread the deadly Coronavirus to humans:  
Chinese isn't a race or single particular ethnicity. China (hence Chinese) is a Nation (which is thousands of years old) that  56 ethnicities. We ARE ALL CHINESE. Now fuck off with your fake history lessons.  …
Canada asks travellers from Chinese province hit by coronavirus to go into voluntary isolation  …
one more note: state media/government like to feature individual heroes during a crisis, using them to create a specific, positive narrative. But this time, under those videos/articles, I'm seeing  along the lines of "Chinese people deserve better than this govt."
Sen. Rubio joined @SenTomCotton & @RepJimBanks in urging AG Barr to conduct a @TheJusticeDept investigation into #China Daily, a Chinese Communist Party-owned propaganda outlet, for repeated violations of the Foreign Agents Registration Act. Read more  …
Cruise lines ban Chinese passport holders over coronavirus fears  
Because it’s just like the flu #Coronavirus leads Royal Caribbean to bar Chinese, Hong Kong, Macau passport holders. Anyone with a passport from one of those three regions, regardless of when they were last there, won't be allowed to board the cruise ships   – at The White House
Coronavirus fears are weighing on the market. @BryanLlenas brings us a report with the latest and @GordonGChang tells us how effective the Chinese response has been to this crisis!
Pineapple, guava, mango ... the tasty tropical fruits harvested in Cuba aspire to enter the Chinese market 
24 families in Mutare are reportedly going to be expelled from the land they have been staying for almost 30 years to pave way for Chinese looters who are into brick moulding.  …
I want to dedicate a thread to regular Chinese people who stepped up to fill in the gaps, helping fellow citizens in this fight against the #coronavirus. These stories don’t make international headlines. But they are still important.
Daxingshan Temple situated on West Xingshansi Street of Xi'an, Shaanxi Province of China. The temple originally built in 265-289 in the Jin Dynasty (265-420). It is one of the oldest Buddhist temples in China and a birthplace of Chinese Tantric Buddhism (Vajrayana). 
Not to get carried away or anything, but @MentalistC_ is by far and away the great Chinese player in esports history. 
I'm visiting Onsen in Hyogo Prefecture next week with my mom & grandma. Mom said there're some Chinese tourists staying there on the same day. Grandma is 90.... It is not a sort of discrimination against Chinese people, but our human rights to protect our loved ones. What to do.
If you're an NYU Shanghai student who's been displaced by the coronavirus outbreak, a student currently self-isolating, or any Chinese student feeling distressed by the situation on campus, our DMs are open.
Royal Caribbean Cruises has banned people with Chinese, Hong Kong or Macau passports because of the coronavirus — "regardless of when they were there last." The WHO called out reports of anti-Asian discrimination over the virus, calling ethnic stigma "completely unacceptable." 
Disturbing from Communist China. Chinese government are only suspecting these people have been exposed & therefore are going to quarantine them w/ people who have #coronavirus. They are fighting because they don’t want to be quarantined w/ the 
Wuhan checkpoint are now being manned by the Chinese Army and they’re checking for fever. The Chinese government has put the quarantined zones under military control. But nothing to worry about! It’s just the flu! #coronavirus
US Attorney Lelling says his office has leads on Chinese agents in Boston  
Reports are surfacing that #Coronavirus found its way into humans via Pangolin meat. Maybe now the Chinese will stop hunting these cool little guys. Karma! 
First they came for the Tibetans, and I did not speak out because I was not Tibetan. Then they came for the Uighurs, and I did not speak out because I was not Uighur. Then they came for Han Chinese with coronavirus—and there was no one left to speak for us.
Today the people of China mourns. Today the world mourns. Dr Li Wenliang first raised the alarm to Chinese authorities about #CoronaVirus He was called a liar. Earlier today he died. And the whole of China blows a whistle to mourn him. A true hero. A whistleblower we all 
Not Racist!!! Even CHinese banning their Own citizens moving around!!! Only way to stop spreading #coronavirus ! Stupid Lefties ! #maga  …
Doctor’s Death From Coronavirus Unleashes Mourning, Fury at Chinese Officials  …
A dozen SICK Chinese nationals on Royal Caribbean cruise ship just docked in NJ. Raise your hand if you trust this nightmare in waiting.  …
In the coronavirus outbreak, Chinese journalists and general public have been racing the censors to publish new information and daring opinions, presenting a reality vastly different from the narrative constructed by the state. My report in the 
People that say a chinese instead of a curry are voting Fine Gael  …
Mexicans were treated horribly by the Chinese government during the 2009 H1N1. @jorge_guajardo tells us all about  …
Chinese protesters demanding ‘free speech’ from their government.....Do you think they might be labouring under the misapprehension that is something we enjoy here in the west ?
My parents immigrated to US. Became citizens in the 1970’s. After 2000 my dad was STILL paranoid to say anything negative about the Chinese government. The amount of untruths, cover ups and fear instilled into their citizens is hard to grasp.
In front of department of home affairs Melbourne, Chinese protested to ask Australia allow Chinese enter.They blamed federal government prevent coronavirus spread in Australia is racist.I think these Chinese should go to Wuhan and help with epidemic control, not protested here.  …
Dear President, many Chinese military researchers published articles on how to modify Bat virus to mimic SARS like characters, i.e, human 2 human transmission. Please investigate who invented this virus and how it was released to public. You have best scholars and you can do it! 
$RCL Royal Caribbean bans guests with Chinese, Hong Kong, Macau passports - NYPost  (via @OpenOutcrier)
From The Chinese Whistleblower Doctor. "Dear friends, from today, you may not be able to reach me anymore, because I'm going to save the Earth. If the sun still rises tomorrow, it means I made it. You don't need to thank me, it‘s what I should do!"
Chinese already in 2030 #Sandton 
The  Royal Caribbean has barred all passengers with Chinese, Hong Kong or Macau passports from boarding its ships 
Travel across continents in British country houses and delve into the world of Chinese wallpaper at the places we care for:  
It's time for American manufacturing to get back online. The world's dependence on Chinese manufacturing has to end, and the coronavirus outbreak might well be the silver lining everyone was looking for.  …
Chinese researchers believe they’ve pinpointed the illegal delicacy the pangolin as responsible for passing the coronavirus to humans. The revolting eating habits of the Chinese & their total lack of regard for endangered species is perhaps retribution. 
The death of a Chinese doctor who tried to warn other medical professionals about the coronavirus has sparked outrage online 
LATEST: Royal Caribbean bans all passengers with Chinese, Hong Kong or Macau passports. 
In the United States, some Chinese restaurants report decline in customers 
The video shows the #Wuhan checkpoint now occupied by the Chinese military. The Chinese government has placed quarantine zones under military control. 
Scientists globally are awaiting further details from a Chinese study that claims pangolins — the world’s only scaly mammals — are the animal source of the coronavirus outbreak.  …
Chairs extend their condolences to the family & friends of Dr. #LiWenliang. He was silenced by the police for raising the alarm about the #Wuhan #CoronaVirus & tragically died from it yesterday. He is rightly being hailed as a hero by the #Chinese people.  …
Important to note: Whether US-made, Soviet-made or Chinese-made, all these munitions were US-supplied in deliveries to the “rebels” in Syria via the CIA’s covert, billion-dollar program to overthrow Assad.  …
Just got to the loop and first thing I saw is a guy spit on a Chinese woman, a professor. She assumes it’s the paranoia around the coronavirus and I do too. She was crying so hard she could barely talk. I need everyone to call out this racist panic wherever you see it
The Chinese-Cuban #Changheber plant in #Jilin starts #25Ene to peoduce #Interferon alpha2 ( #IFNrec) with Cuban technology. That's one of the 30 drugs used to treat #Coronavirus. #Cuba is health and solidarity #UnblockCuba @DiazCanelB 
Chinese are already in 2054. We’d get there someday. 
5/ Chinese workers actually built much of the West's rail system, and they were barred from obtaining U.S. citizenship.  …
Rest in peace legend.You will be remembered forever for your dedication for medical profession. This is Dr. Li the Chinese doctor who tried his best to raise the alarm about #coronavirus in the early days of the outbreak. but he couldn't. Today he has died from the same 
UPDATED: Doctor's death unleashes mourning, fury at Chinese officials  
Harvard University Professor and Two Chinese Nationals Charged in Three Separate China Related Cases |OPA| Department of Justice Is it really so hard to believe [F] actors are able to bribe those in key positions within the US to betray their Country? Q  …
BurgerTime. Even though your second level is harder than Chinese calculus, I still love you. 
So this Chinese whisle blower, Li Wenliang, a young healthy researcher, just dies of coronavirus?! If this doesn't shake you up, then nothing will. Goes to show the destiny of scientific whistle blowers.. No wonder researchers are "truth hesitant".
Video shows Wuhan checkpoint now manned by the Chinese Army. The Chinese government put the quarantined zones under military control. 
Not covering - technologies the Chinese are using to fight the virus - hardware implications of supply chain disruptions - what biotech is doing in terms of antivirals, vaccines Is covering - your tweets 
27 Chinese nationals have been screened for coronavirus on a Royal Caribbean cruise ship in Bayonne, New Jersey 
This reads like Chinese government propaganda.  …
So the Chinese drama fans are the same breed  …
Cute Valentine's day date idea: We get some Chinese food, see the new Sonic movie, share popcorn that costs as much as my life, go to the park, realize it's just us two in front of the sunset, h**d h***s, and  my sacrifice for immortality
More tributes to Li Wenliang from Chinese social media: "There are no heroes falling from the sky, only ordinary people who bravely step forward." 
Spiritual Sanctuary - Chinese #Scholar's #Study Brush, ink, paper, inkstone - four treasures of the #literati, ancient text #books, scrolls, viewing stones, fish pond, all exhibit the pursuit of moral rectitude & the cultivated mind by classic Chinese scholars. #Writers 
Can’t confirm, but this is supposed to be the salute given to Li Wenliang tonight in Wuhan. If it’s real, it’s incredible. The physical version of what’s been happening on the Chinese Internet for the past 24 hours.  …
This week the @StateDept has facilitated the transportation of nearly 17.8 tons of donated medical and humanitarian supplies to the Chinese people. The U.S. is and will remain the world’s most generous donor. We encourage the rest of the world to match  
We are not prepared for how much the relative shut down of the Chinese economy is going to impact our lives in the near future. As more are quarantined, the ability of Chinese manufacturers to fill orders on all of the goods we use will decline and even cease in some cases.  …
So the Chinese doctor who originally found the Coronavirus has died? Wow. Or... I wonder if he was murdered for being a whistle-blower.
Chinese hospitals discharge 1,540 recovered patients of #coronavirus infection  
No, the current news cycle does not augur the Imminent Fall of the Chinese Communist Party. There, I’ve just saved you from writing a bad hot take. You can thank me later (when the CCP is still in power, actually).
The U.S. government is scouring the globe for rare earths elements to try and end its dependence on Chinese imports 
#Wuhan Horrible sight of deserted streets, rotten dead bodies, affected people's houses sealed from outside, people trying to break open the windows and doors  out in search of medical help........ That's the sad state of Chinese city. 
Quarantining 400M people due to a virus that has killed less than 1k people doesn’t make sense to me. I don’t trust these numbers the Chinese govt is putting out. It seems to me that they’re fudging the numbers and they know it’s far worse than what they’re publishing.
Whatever you want to believe about this virus, a significant portion of Chinese & global GDP has been shut down for weeks. How does this square with ATH equity markets?
#TheGreatAwakeningWorldwide The Chinese public has every right to demand freedom of speech and it should make American's thankful for this right. China has been murdering their own people with the coronavirus and People are aware and want to speak out about it! Pray for China  …
Alexandra Owensby is as a Democrat running against Thomas Massie for the Kentucky 4th Congressional District seat. Massie was the only congressperson to vote against condemnation of treatment of Chinese Uygurs in the Hong Kong Human Rights & Democracy Act  …
the British establishment has been bought by Chinese cash they are the puppets of a brutal authoritarian dictatorship it is absolutely sickening and the U.K. should pay a high price for this more @NextRevFNC sunday  …
The Chinese diaspora are organizing a memorial in NYC for whistleblower Dr. Li Wenliang, who died on Feb6 from the coronavirus. Attendees are encouraged to wear black, bring whistles, flowers; recite poems in his honor. He was silenced after trying to warn others of the outbreak. 
The Chinese government needs to relax its control over the internet to allow Australian universities to assist students affected by the coronavirus travel ban, says the government  …
Chinese nationals banned from Royal Caribbean.
There has been “unprecedented anger” on social media after the death of Dr. Li Wenliang, the Chinese doctor who warned against the coronavirus. “That is really politically explosive stuff,” The Economist’s Beijing Bureau Chief David Rennie says.  
Four #Chinese passengers hospitalized in #NewJersey after cruise ship screened for #coronavirus DETAILS:  
winwin: why is your chinese so good ten: huh? winwin: you speak chinese very well ten: oh, thank you. it's because of winwin winwin: ahahahammm~ 
of course Trump "apoplectic": - Boris Huawei move puts U.S. national security at risk, not just UK - "no alternative" claim a lie - France, Australia etc doing 5G w/out Huawei - corrupt decision driven by Chinese cash to UK establishment, incl Boris family  …
New Q China/Qatar donate vast sums of money to "elite" education institutions as payment for classified intel and state secrets they receive from traitors like Harvard prof Dr. Charles Lieber who sold and helped a Chinese spy attempt to smuggle 21 vials of bio research to China 
The virus vaccine must be named after this doctor! The Chinese people need to petition and demand the vaccine honor his name! Then all the world over and forever will know what he did and how he sacrificed his life for this virus to save the world from it!
“I thought chinese were mindless robots with no emotions, but this time is different, the nation is experiencing a disaster”. The disconnection people have with chinese society, and analyze their actions as if it’s a game.  …
Interferon Alpha 2B: The Cuban drug used in China against the coronavirus. Our support to the Chinese government and people in their efforts to fight coronavirus.  …
This is scary - Chinese surveillance system with facial recognition & AI, is tracking movements of ppl. A person who stepped out after being asked to stay indoors was caught by the police & his boss informed after cameras spotted him  …
#XiJinping is often called the most powerful leader since Mao. But now, that description is being contested. On WION Edit: @palkisu tells you how the #coronavirus outbreak could threaten the Chinese President's grip on power 
The Chinese are demanding freedom of speech. The Chinese Communist Party is fighting feverishly to prevent it. Overthrow those bastards!! #ChineseRevolution begins  …
“Anil Ambani’s Net-worth is Zero, His Lawyers Tell UK Court in Chinese Loan Default Case”. What about Mogambo who’s so close to him? Is Anil to be discarded, like Nirav Modi and Mehul Choksi — now that he’s no more of any use?  …
Confirmed: 31,529 cases Deaths: 638 #CoronavirusOutbreak Dr. #LiWenliang warned about this when he saw the first cases-he was silenced by Chinese authorities and later died from #Coronavirus infection. He will be remembered as a hero but what about those who suppressed 
Coronavirus: Hong Kong imposes quarantine rules on mainland Chinese 
#Gravitas | Its been more than a month since the first reports of the coronavirus trickled in. Where is Xi Jinping? The Chinese President is not the face of the Beijing's response to the outbreak. @palkisu tells you 
#Uyghur #Muslims with relatives imprisoned in #Chinese #ConcentrationCamps’ say they live in fear the government will blame the deaths of their loved ones on the  …
>chinese doc whistleblows on coronavirus >chinese state forces him to sign retraction n apology >doc dies >china says he died of the kung flu Sure thing Ministry of State Security...sure thing...
Talk to real people @AOC- like the Chinese doorman on our block whose daughter is headed to medical school or my taxi driver yesterday whose kids are getting degrees from great SUNY colleges. Why are #Dems so negative on this great  …
“The theft of American trade secrets by China costs… $300 to $600 billion in a year.” An aggressive campaign to root out #Chinese #Espionage operations has snared a growing group of Chinese officials, business people, and academics pursuing US secrets.  …
An article from a website that routinely publishes 'junk news stories' is viral. It spreads the false claim that the Chinese government has sought the court's approval to put down 20,000 coronavirus patients. #AltNewsFactCheck |  …
#WuhanCoronavius Laboratory is located 20 miles from the food market where #CoronavirusOutbreak originated. “Political suppression! Chinese police are knocking on doors and dragging people from their homes into ‘mass quarantine’! #Coronavius shows how tyrannical #Socialism 
“Currently, there is no interruption to our operations,” @Amazon said. #Amazon sellers are bracing for product shortages as Chinese workers—worried about the fast-spreading #Coronavirus—may be unable or unwilling to return to idled  …
A distressing trend in coronavirus discourse: some of the most anti-mainland-Chinese opinions  from HKers and diasporic folk. @jnchien covered this toxic talk for  …
I sneezed on the Central line and someone said ‘yuck’ in a racist tone so I said ‘you wanna say I’m Chinese sonny here’s a reminder, check ya timbs they prolly say Made in China’. The whole carriage went MAD!
Tributes to Dr #Wenliang circulating Chinese social media The 34-yo doctor is hailed as a #Coronavirus whistleblower - he was arrested by Wuhan officials and told at first to “stop making  Now he’s dead from coronavirus and the nation is mourning  
Chinese government : Stop the wuhan animal food markets in China - Sign the Petition!  via @Change @PsychicTrainer1 @Catlord568 @Nenagh9 @CheetahGirl001 @vegix @veganben @Veganella @StarSuperfan42 @MoishesMom @reddogsusie @SharonHoole @Beleafer1
I hope so too. People forget that it is Chinese people who are suffering the most. It must be so frightening for them.
BREAKING UPDATE: Royal Caribbean bans all guests holding Chinese, Hong Kong or Macau passports from boarding any ship on its fleet until further notice, regardless of when people were there last. @NBCNewYork
Ming kno u not can trust Chinese numbers but difference in mortality rates between two countries will still be interesting. More Americans diagnosed as death toll hits 638  …
We couldn't be happier for #ShiyueWang and #XinyuLiu!! They have gotten the best result a Chinese ice dance pair has ever gotten at #4ContsFigure 
Q: Why would the Chinese government want to purposefully release a virus? Clear streets of protesters? Is it not a coincidence it started shortly after US trade deal? What if President Xi had no role in the virus outbreak? What if rogue ppl released it to mess up trade?
Tonight @Channel4News I’m looking at the death of #DrLiWenliang, who was reprimanded for alerting the Chinese authorities to the outbreak of #coronavirus - he’s seen as a martyr to freedom of speech.
While British people are mocking anyone who looks Chinese on public transports in Britain,Iran has provided 3 million surgical masks and expressed readiness to offer more assistance for China to fight against the virus.Ambassador of China to Iran tweet this video to thank Iran.  …
The coronavirus outbreak is far worse than we're being led to believe. It is, quite literally, shutting down the Chinese economic engine, with industry unable to deliver key supplies. If the Chinese do NOT STEM this outbreak rapidly, it could close down the entire global economy.
been feeding my girl Chinese food for 3 days why she not dead yet
Woman without a mask is arrested immediately. She’s just like a panic deer. There are many Chinese like her can’t afford a mask are taken away to nowhere... #CCP_is_terrorist Nobody can defeat #coronavirus but a #tyranny can kill the ppl like virus 
“To be clear, this is not about the Chinese people as a whole, and it sure as heck isn’t about Chinese Americans as a group," FBI Director Chris Wray said. "But it is about the Chinese government and the Chinese Communist Party."  …
#Chinese scientists say #pangolins might be missing link in #coronavirus transmission  
After death of “whistleblower doctor,” angry Chinese speak out: “A system that won’t allow truth finally kills an honest, brave, and hard-working citizen. We should be not only angered but also ashamed! Why can’t people have freedom of speech?”  …
Chinese Doctor, Silenced After Warning of #WuhanCoronavius dies from #Coronavius Dr. Li who was 34 and expecting a second child with his wife had captivated the country and triggered an extraordinary outpouring of emotion as he ailed. Here is one of Dr. Li’s dancing clips 
You want to teach me about Chinese history and Han ethnicity? Really? LOL Mandarin is a dialect among the many in China, one I speak, along with Cantonese (not very well anymore due to lack of usage) & you want to tell me about the construction of what?  …
Singaporean chinese families*  …
The former billionaire Anil Ambani has been ordered to pay $100 million within six weeks as a deposit in a lawsuit in which three Chinese banks are seeking hundreds of millions of dollars in defaulted loans 
An outpouring of tributes for Dr Li Wenliang took place on Chinese social media platforms following the news of his death.  …
“We all are whistleblowers!” Many Chinese pay tribute to Dr Li Wenliang, the guy who was among the first 8 releasing the info of #coronavirus . Lots of Chinese are not afraid of standing out to say NO to ‘one voice only’ ruled by the party. 
“Reliance on the Chinese consumer is about to be fully exposed,” The coronavirus is showing the world what happens when shoppers stay away 
Mini mike is the maxi  In Appeal to Hard Left, Bloomberg Praises Chinese Communism  …
It would be great if Chinese people actually believed that killing endangered animals could kill them.
Best week ever? Trump is acquitted Amazing State of the Union James Woods is back Incredible #JobsReport Dems implode in Iowa Wray dropping hints about ongoing investigations Chinese slash tariffs What am I missing?
Couldn't be more grateful and prouder of Jenniebar's growth @JENNIEBAR_CN Thank you to all Chinese bars  …
Pangolins are possible coronavirus hosts, Chinese scientists say  
Non Muslims Chinese attend Jumma Namaz ,,they don't know which side Stand for Namaz Religion does not say to hate? 
Barr Sounds Alarm on Chinese Regime’s ‘Technological Blitzkrieg’ on US  …
A UK court has ordered Anil Ambani to deposit $100 million in connection with the Chinese banks loan case. More latest news here:  
Chinese orders of Brazilian meat have stalled 
Chinese banks loan case: UK court orders Anil Ambani to deposit USD 100 mn
It may have mutated in a walking "Biological Lab" i.e. a Human Being. 1. Dr. Charles Lieber helped the Chinese set up a Lvl IV Bio Lab in Wuhan City from 2012-2017 2. It went Operational in Jan of 2018 3. Dr. Lieber was ARRESTED 4 days after the CDC got Samples of 
The Chinese government reportedly issues cover-up instructions regarding the death of the Wuhan whistleblower doctor who refused to cover up the coronavirus in the early days of the outbreak despite pressure from Beijing.  
China is not a "sick man" at all, as the Chinese system has once again shown its great strength in handling an emergency like the #coronavirus, and it is doing much better than the US' handling of the 2009 H1N1 epidemic and the 2005 Katrina catastrophe.  
A Chinese journalist at the forefront of #coronavirus coverage, has gone missing. Chen Qiushi brought censored information about the coronavirus into public view, potentially saving lives. And this is how the #CCP rewarded him.  …
“So “nigga” with an A on the end...Well, I think I can now. Isn’t that the point? ‘Cause it’s not racist. That’s the point. I could be talking about “a male.” I could be talking about a Chinese male, a guy at the Laundromat. You could be talking about a man.” -Rush Limbaugh 
It’s warmer in Antartica than it is in Florida. Good thing climate change is all just a big Chinese hoax.  …
It’s almost like people have  for the 100 million+ quarantined people in China. Infected, dying, and probably terrified right now due to #coronavirus , 99.9% of which have never eaten bat soup. Haven’t seen any “pray for China” , only “keep those Chinese away from me
What a great RaFall For Modi s Chhote Maalik.. His Networth is Zero, Anil Ambani's Lawyers Tell UK Court in Chinese Loan Default Case  …
Chinese Etherians have constructed an uncensorable monument on #Ethereum dedicated to Dr. Li WenLiang - the doctor who sacrificed himself to warn others about the Wuhan coronavirus. Check it out:  … #ethereum #WuhanCoronovirus #LiWenliang
Sky News understands British citizens flying back from the Chinese city of Wuhan on Sunday will be quarantined at a facility in Milton Keynes
Numerous Taxi waiting outside #Shenzhen Bay Port for picking up mainland Chinese passengers arriving #HongKong, before the start of the ‘mandatory quarantine’ policy that everyone who's been to #China should be isolated for 14days. #coronavirus #FreeHongKong 
The Chinese Communist Party has laws on the book that prohibit “concealing, misreporting, or delaying” reporting of disease outbreaks. It ought to live up to this law itself instead of hiding the truth and censoring its people.  …
The Chinese Communist Party is fighting harder to suppress information about coronavirus than the outbreak itself. The Chinese people want freedom of speech. Censoring the truth will only make coronavirus deadlier.  …
The Chinese Communist Party vilified a doctor, Li Wenliang, for warning his colleagues about coronavirus. They accused him of spreading rumors. He just died of the disease. We shouldn’t let his death be in vain.  …
“Because of the size of the Chinese economy, significant distress in China could spill over to U.S. and global markets through a retrenchment of risk appetite, U.S. dollar appreciation, and declines in trade  prices:" Fed report  …
chinese xfx are so used to anti and yxh posts it’s almost a reflex, a fan made a post about whether tang san can overtake wei wuxian in the ranking of xiaozhan’s roles and the first reply is “screw off, leave xiaozhan alone” 
Girlgroup members sales by Chinese fans 1. Sakura - Bloomiz - 22,183 2.Wonyoung- Bloomiz -11,686 3. Tzuyu- Feel Special - 11,507 4. Irene- The Reve Festival Day -8,190 5.Mina- Feel Special- 7,875
His Networth is Zero, Anil Ambani's Lawyers Tell UK Court in Chinese Loan Default Case! But he got Modi's lucrative Rafale deal! "In business, I may be Zero, but for Modi, I am still a hero"!  …
I have loaded a video on Coronavirus effect on Chinese economy, on my channel ISRG. 
My dad iban speak iban, my mom chinese speak iban. Me, trashtalk only. Any language, puta  …
Exeggutor Origins: Exeggutor is based on a Jinmenju tree from Chinese & Japanese mythology. Jinmenju branches bear fruit that look like human heads that never stop smiling and laughing. It's believed that long ago, ancient people planted huge orchards of laughing Jinmenju trees. 
I'm positive the JPN translator is Chinese whose main second language is Korean & was doing his best but was clearly not  w JPN so that's why yuzu ended up doing his own translation, to help the poor man out ;; 
Chinese censors are scrubbing the internet clean of any references to Xi. Media reports make no mention of him re #coronavirus. People can slam local officials but not mention the Prez. Survey in a govt mouthpiece says people unhappy with provincial govts but have faith in Xi  …
An endangered animal the Chinese have been trafficking for boner remedies being the source of their demise would be cosmic justice. Please, noble pangolin, end it all here.  …
Death of Chinese coronavirus doctor sparks online anger at government 
#CHANYEOL Chinese fanbase & Chinese EXOLs have already started using the hashtag #朴灿烈0223亮相八周年#on Weibo celebrating Chanyeol's 8th year debut anniversary (on February 23) The hashtag (which was started using hours ago) already generated 900k discussions. 
#WuhanCoronavirus FAQ: These reports: Chinese researcher escorted from infectious disease lab amid RCMP investigation  … #Wuhan has deadly pathogen lab linked to Chinese scientist under investigation  … #WuhanPneumonia 
On the Termination of VFA: This decision does not prove Duterte's nationalism. After all, he has been colluding with the Chinese government and allowed its growing presence in our maritime territory. He has agreed to accept loans in exchange for our natural resources. 
The Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel IV ~The End of  to PC with Traditional Chinese and Korean subtitles  
FED REPORT: CORONAVIRUS COULD LEAD TO DISRUPTIONS IN CHINESE ECONOMY THAT SPILL OVER TO GLOBAL ECONOMY
Crispy Chilli Beef with Broccoli is our go-to Chinese stir fry! Ready in 25 minutes, it’s way better than any crispy beef you can get from the takeaway!  … #chillibeef #fakeout #betterthantakeout #crispybeef
Memorials are springing up to Li Wenliang, the Chinese doctor who warned of, and died from, coronavirus.  
The death of a Chinese doctor who warned about the #coronavirus in December has sparked an outpouring of grief and outrage on Chinese social media. Li Wenliang, 34, was reportedly reprimanded for "spreading rumors." Full story on @business:  
A Chinese citizen journalist who served as the world’s eyes and ears inside Wuhan has gone missing 
A Chinese doctor who was reprimanded by police for trying to warn about the deadly coronavirus outbreak died on Friday. The death of Li Wenliang sparked an outpouring of grief and anger on social media  
Your face like a Chinese who has lost her rice  …
Breaking: #Guangzhou City (population: 14M) locked down. All residential blocks be isolated from each other. So far around 400 million people locked down in #China to contain #coronavirus. The Chinese know it’s bigger than what they tell the rest of the world!
The Chinese doctor who was silenced by authorities when he was one of the first to sound the alarm about the coronavirus has died from the virus, according to the hospital where he was being treated. Worldwide, the number of cases has passed 31,000.  
Starting to see a lot of this "cases dropping"  from Chinese news outlets, especially Global Times. Meanwhile, they lockdown another city. Rely more on media without ties to the state and what is happening on the ground.  …
The Chinese Communist Party is using the Belt and Road Initiative to reshape a world order more to its liking 
For the first time ever, I am reading the diary of my days in China, to refresh my memory of the H1N1 outbreak. It is mind blowing to read how the Chinese reacted against Mexico then, and how  about other countries’ reactions now. 
chinese : *starts wuhan* also chinese : *grabs all food and supplies from supermarkets until no more stock bcoz they dont want to leave house due to DORSCON Orange* us non chinese who jst wants to buy milk : 
IOM is shipping critical health care supplies to support the Coronavirus response in China. Together with the Chinese government, the UN, and partners, we continue the fight to control this epidemic.  …
This Chinese national should be declared as an “undesirable alien.” He should be blacklisted. He is a danger to  Wala po ‘yang “superpower superpower” dito sa Maynila. We have laws to follow. 
I joined this letter asking Justice Department to provide details of Chinese Communist Party's propaganda appearing in @washingtonpost @nytimes and other  …
An aggressive campaign by American authorities to root out Chinese espionage operations in the United States has snared a growing group of Chinese government officials, business people, and academics pursuing American secrets.  …
Um, so why are we buying the Chinese version?  …
Coronavirus shuts down Chinese Bitcoin mine... No one can shut down the XRP-Ledger! Why? Because it's decentralised open source platform and not like Bitcoin centralised and controlled by chinese miners. If #Ripple is dead the #XRP-Ledger will still exist!
#AnilAmbani was a wealthy businessman and now he is not as a result of a "disastrous turn of events" in the telecom market in India, his lawyers told a UK court on Friday as they fought a bid by top Chinese banks to recover $680 million  …
'Light a candle': Death of Chinese doctor sparks mourning, anger  
Chinese social media has exploded into near-unprecedented levels of grief and fury against the government after the death of the Wuhan doctor who was targeted by police for trying to sound the alarm on coronavirus 
Dont know why BJP hates Biryani so much. Pav is a derivative of the Portuguese word 'pao', but they dont hate Vada Pav. In the early 1820s, East India Company began large-scale production of tea in Assam for the 1st time to break the Chinese Monopoly. But they dont hate Tea.
 to my Bang Team's fic! Thank you to @aschhhhhh and @baiwuzhi for collaborating with me on this! > mermaid!AU > angst with happy ending > xicheng main, wangxian background > chinese myth worldbuilding @MXTXBang #mxtxbang #XiCheng link:  
Congratulations to our @Tiff_Hsu33 who on Tuesday was officially named to the Chinese Taipei Women’s National Team once again. #BeautsProud of you, Tiff! #HsuStyle #FortBeaut #IIHF #NWHL Graphic: @BuffaWallpapers : 
Lifeblood of Amazon merchants threatened as coronavirus infects Chinese workers  
A school in Northern Ireland. Students sing a song in Chinese for Coronavirus victims. “Cheer up China, go strong China!” by school’s teachers and students. 
Legend has it, it’s according to his mood. Chinese ballads for the mellow days and aju nice for the cheery days!
Message of support by the Cuban Ambassador to #China @cmphcuba to the Chinese people, in the context of #coronavirus outbreak published in the Talk with Leaders program of Phoenix 
Li Wenliang's death and the authorities' clumsy handling of it has exacerbated a crisis that is already shaking the very foundations of the Chinese state. | Analysis by 
A Chinese doctor who warned against a coronavirus outbreak before it was officially recognized died of the virus on Friday, triggering a wave of public mourning and rare expressions of anger towards the government online  
Can you imagine if Chinese media reported on "dissent on social media" in the US the same way hacky fascist papers like NYT do? "American netizens took to Twitter (a Weibo-like app) to bravely express dissatisfaction with government policy, despite the dangers it poses"
... the Chinese woman informed  she’d tested positive.” Well that’s interesting.”
... were on the plane back to China. Two of those three had no major illness. The third had something similar to a flu, took 3 days off work (not knowing at this time about the Chinese woman’s diagnosis), took no special precautions, and came back to work the same day...
...samples being tested in various ways. While her son, the 10-year-old, was positive without clinical symptoms.” In another paper trying to establish a transmission chain, three German employees tested positive after meeting with a healthy Chinese woman whose first symptoms..
Chinese people always say that ppl with dark skin are “dirty”, “smelly” and “disgusting”. WELL, WHO IS THE SMELLY DIRTY DISGUSTING PIECE OF SHIT NOW BITCH WIPE ASS SOMEMORE LAH EARLY MORNING NEVER BATHE SOMEMORE LAH
What makes Li’s story so powerful is that it is representative of how the Chinese Communist Party’s suppression of speech poses a clear and present danger to the lives of Chinese citizens. His martyrdom will be remembered as a turning point in the battle for freedom in  …
At least a dozen Royal Caribbean cruise passengers are screened for coronavirus by CDC after ship docks in New Jersey and medics  … ‘The Anthem Of The Seas docked in Bayonne, New Jersey around 6am #FridayMorning ... w/at least a dozen Chinese nationals ...’
“The Chinese public have staged what amounts to an online revolt after the death of a doctor, Li Wenliang, who tried to warn of a mysterious virus that has since killed hundreds of people in China”  …
Chinese health authorities reported on 7 February that 31,161 people had contracted the infection in China, and more than 630 people than died. 
kun send letter to Chinese nurses “Pay deep respect to all the "angels" who are now working hard in the hospital. Please take good care of yourselves.Everything will be fine,We worked together to  the difficulties Wuhan jiayou China jiayou” kind boy 
Barr noted that 5 yrs ago China launched its “Made in China 2025” plan — a long term strategic plan to replace the US as the dominant technological superpower, which has hundreds of billions of dollars in backing from  Chinese government.  …
"They will release a flu-like virus that will be genetically targeted against the Chinese population..." Bill Ryan from Project Avalon discussing an eyewitness account of a 2005 meeting between senior freemasons in the City of London:  … #coronavirus
They better not start using this as an excuse to kill pangolins. They're already endangered because the Chinese overeat them and think the scales have magic curative properties.  …
So, today, we have German crash in industrial production, a weather inflated jobs report with 500k downward revisions, more lockdowns in China, quarantined Chinese in NJ, and dwindling treasury purchases for the next week. Sounds like a formula for another ATH right?
Pangolin frend take revenge...unleashes pox upon dystopian hellholes of the East! He is most trafficked animal in Chinese medicine...his meat consumed as delicacy... Attn marketing grifters: This is what WE mean by  "industry disruptor" lololoz  …
Dr. Li Wenliang first sounded warning that viral infections in a Chinese province - corona virus, could grow out of control. He was forced to sign a statement denouncing his warning as unfounded & illegal. He has died after contracting the coronavirus.  …
Pangolins could be the link that enabled coronavirus to spread from bats to humans, Chinese scientists claim 
americans will be racist about chinese people “spreading coronavirus”  to the uk and willingly pose for insta pics in telephone boxes
I bought a Chinese money plant ♡ 
Passengers are not being able to get off the Royal Caribbean Cruise ship, Anthem of the Seas in Bayonne, NJ as more than 20 sick Chinese nationals have been picked up in ambulances and are being tested for  – at National Institutes of Health (NIH)
Quite a Trump vote of confidence for China’s Xi, so soon after the death of the Chinese doctor who was punished by Xi’s govt after warning of the outbreak.   …
This is my bibliography of suggested readings on Africana philosophy, Chinese philosophy, Indian philosophy, Indigenous American philosophy and some other of the Less Commonly Taught Philosophies (LCTP).  …
This the Chinese colonisation of African countries its only a matter of time
No idea. One leaked Chinese source says over 20 K, but got deleted soon. A Chinese billionaire, Guo Wengui says over 30K. No way to verify, as the #CCP doesn't tell you the truth. But definitely much, much more than the official  …
Bernie's  is awesome and we need state-controlled medicine! Oh, by the way, it took the Chinese Communists a whole day of deleted, reposted, and re-deleted bulletins to admit a whistleblowing doctor died of the Wuhan virus.  …
China reports 3,143 new confirmed cases of novel #coronavirus infection and 73 deaths on Feb. 6 from 32 provincial-level regions, Chinese health authorities said Friday 
#BREAKING - Twelve passengers are on quarantine over possible #Coronavirus infection aboard a Royal Caribbean cruise ship in Bayonne, NJ. The passengers, all Chinese nationals, started exhibiting symptoms aboard the ship, which is returning from the Bahamas... 
Yet the WHO praises the Chinese government for being transparent and doing everything possible to help contain the spread of the virus. I don't trust the Chinese government or WHO for that matter.
When you're Chinese and you got this Coronavirus thing going on. So you go on a disease incubating cruise, because screw everyone.  …
21k likes 21k racists interchanging south korean men and chinese men, 21k people fine with erasing wang yibo and replacing him with someone else, 21k people disregarding him as his own person i hate every single one of yall
Hyundai Motor, Kia Motors to keep Chinese factories idled until February 16 -  … We knew the ChiCom collapse  but maybe sooner than anyone thought.
"I have said openly that if we were 100 per cent Chinese, we would do better..." 
Coronavirus shuts down Chinese Bitcoin mine.  …
Jimmy, please ask Taehyung V if he is aware of the various charity work his fanbase is doing. Most recently, Taehyung's Chinese fanbase, China V Bar, donated 70k surgical masks (KRW 12.74m ) to Wuhan. V inspires his fans to give back to the society! 
We translated the warning letter Chinese doctor Li Wenliang got from the police for telling others about the coronavirus outbreak before it killed hundreds, including himself  
Doctor's death unleashes mourning, fury at Chinese officials  …
"In looking back over the last 30 years, I believe we were fortunate that 77 per cent of our people had strong Chinese traditional values..." 
Australian Broadcasting Corporation is reporting mass anger in China at the death of the Dr responsible for letting the world know about coronavirus. Beijing has been censoring online tributes by Chinese citizens to the Doctor cc @thespybrief @DrDenaGrayson  …
Did you know? There are as many as 52 linguistically distinct languages spoken in Tibet! Sadly, the majority of these languages face extinction, as China neglects them in favour of Mandarin Chinese in business, education and government. Photo by Nattapon/Getty Images 
I’d like to apologize  I made last night on @CNN. The coronavirus is an epidemic affecting mainland China. It is not, I have learned, a virus that “turns you Chinese.” I regret the error and look forward to future appearances on America’s most trusted name in news.
China has synchronized and shared the genome sequences of five 2019 novel #coronavirus #strains on the National Genomics Data Center (NGDC) with an American database, according to Chinese Academy of Sciences on Friday 
WHOA!!! Chinese officials, in pink Hazmat suits, arrest an nCoV suspected couple and then box them in a metal container, to transport them to an undisclosed location. You can hear the hysterical screams of the lady at the end 
Read this article with Johnson's #huawei5gmobilewifi deal in mind 'Death of Chinese doctor who warned about coronavirus sparks outpouring of anger'  …
China . The worst in wildlife/animal trade. Most of the tigers and other wildlife poached in India also finds its way into Chinese markets . From consuming various species to using them for local medicine.  …
It is absurd for some so-called Western China watchers to equate every crisis to challenge to Chinese govt legitimacy, from coronavirus to train crash. Would they conclude that Chinese govt that expands its economy 10 folds in 20 yrs is much more legitimate than their own govts?
The Chinese government-run system of ‘healthcare’ is EXACTLY what the Democrats want here.
Just because so many have sent this to me or added it in my mentions, seems that Chinese scientists have found a coronavirus in pangolins that closely matches #2019_nCov. But some caution: just a news report, haven't seen a paper on it.  … /1
CANCELED: Flights departing major Chinese cities plummeted as most international airlines halt service to China because of the #coronavirus outbreak. More via @BBGVisualData  
a dean at @BarnardCollege threatened to charge a chinese student in quarantine with misconduct because she left her room to use the bathroom. holy fuck, this is unreal and needlessly cruel 
A resident rescued cats stranded in a third-floor apartment in Wuhan. An estimated 50,000 pets have been abandoned in the Chinese city following the coronavirus outbreak 
Spoke to passengers onboard a cruise ship where a dozen Chinese nationals were quarantined over concerns about coronavirus. Passengers say they were not notified and had a lovely trip, but one woman says she wishes she had known. #abc7NY
The Chinese govt keeps pushing this narrative that it's sacrificing a province to prevent conronavrius from spreading, yet this doctor who literally sacrificed his life was arrested for "spreading rumors" and now his death is censored in Chinese media.  …
When speculating about the power of crises to bring down Chinese regimes, remember that the Qing Dynasty, in the latter half of the 19th century endured two opium wars, and the Taiping Rebellion (which killed like FIFTY MILLION PEOPLE), and still survived another fifty years  …
This video is made by people of Iran to support Chinese resistance against #coronavirus. The message of this video is clear : Iranian are standing with China. Stay Strong China. WORLD NEED YOU Share these video with Dear Chinese people. 
Not only is #UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson's dad lobbying for #China and #Iran, but the PM's brother is thick as thieves with Chinese business. Business with China should be illegal until it improves #democracy and #HumanRights.  …
The death of a Chinese doctor who tried to warn about the coronavirus outbreak has triggered rare expressions of anger toward the government online  
Pakistan stands strong with China Here’s a message of love by Pakistani youth for their Chinese brothers and sisters We are in this together 加油！ #2019nCoV #Wuhan #China #Pakistan 
Patriotism does not flow from the people up. Leaders who auction their country to the Chinese; who kill economies to enrich their families, who allow foreign substandard goods to flood their countries to enrich a few conmen already teach the youth that patriotism doesnt pay
Marian and a couple mates usually check out the amazing Vietnamese Restaurants in Bankstown for a Friday lunch treat. Decided to go Chinese today...virtually empty. Come on guys...this isn't the US. Get some yum cha this weekend.!!
Chinese authorities say they are investigating the death of Dr. Li Wenliang, who died from novel coronavirus early Friday and had been warned by police for raising concerns in the early stages of the outbreak. 
"We Took LSD And Worked On Music Every Single Day": Ricky Maymi @rickmaymi Speaks On The Origins Of The Brian Jonestown Massacre, Chinese Indie, And His Uncle In The Grateful Dead  …
#Coffee, down 32% since the December peak is trying to stabilize after slumping back below $1/lb and below cost of production. Weak Chinese demand as coffee shops are temp. closed or empty, a very weak BRL and a 6-mth contango above 6.5% the main concerns for potential buyers. 
The animal that transmitted the #coronavirus to the identified human? The #pangolin is the missing link! By eating it, the Chinese were infected, the Southern Agriculture University of #China reported. #nCoV2019 #WHO #WuhanCoronovirus 
I've been shocked and saddened to hear reports of abuse towards members of our  in response to the coronavirus outbreak. I'm proud to stand with city region leaders and our universities in solidarity with our  
I’m proud to be Mayor of a city with one of the oldest  in Europe. I understand people are concerned but there is no room for discrimination in our city. We need to stand in solidarity and support our Chinese family.  …
What we're covering here  … The Chinese Doctor Who first blew the whistle about the coronavirus has died from that virus.
While Chinese students took to the streets of Melbourne today in protest of “Coronavirus related racism”. This ad was playing live back home. Who’s the real racists? 
No matter what your feelings toward Iranian gov, this gesture of solidarity is appreciated by Chinese people. China and Iran has ancient ties stretch back in time, irregardless of gov. PRC maintained good relations w Iran frm Shah to Islamic Republic. Long live ancient friendship
Breaking: Guangzhou City (population: 14 M) locked down. All residential blocks be isolated from each other. So far around 400 million people locked down in #China to contain #coronavirus. #coronavirusOutbreak Original Chinese official report:  
With so many Chinese under quarantine or choosing to stay at home during the #coronavirus outbreak, the courier has  an indispensable part of people’s lives. ⁦ @CNBC⁩ spent a morning with one of them to see what their life is like. 
'Light a candle': Death of Chinese doctor sparks mourning, anger  
“Oh nooooo! The Chinese!” - Brought to you by the nimrods who brought back measles.
Doctor who sounded alarm on coronavirus dies at Chinese hospital. @WillCarr reports.  
The deadly coronavirus outbreak in China could have spread from bats to humans through the illegal traffic of pangolins, the world’s only scaly mammals, which are prized in Asia for food and medicine, Chinese researchers said  
EAM Dr S Jaishankar in Rajya Sabha:By our estimate, there are about 80 Indian students who are currently still in Wuhan. This includes 10 students who  to the airport but were running fever so Chinese authority after screening did not allow them to board the flight. (1/2) 
The poor translation teams are having so much trouble transcribing @awkwafina's English on her new show (Some Chinese were saying it was because she was Asian-American it wasn't proper English, it's  mistake, I had to explain it's native but culture-specific) 
China’s 1st emergency #coronavirus hospital is open after being built in 10 days. The #Huoshenshan Hospital in #Wuhan inclues 1,000 beds and 1,400 Chinese army medics #新型肺炎 #CoronavirusChina 
Mass exodus from China: Although the majority of confirmed coronavirus cases are on the Chinese mainland, countries like the United States and Australia have banned entry to foreign nationals who have recently traveled to China  by @TmarcoH @ReutersGraphics
Chinese @GirlsGeneration fans have raised nearly $1,500,000 in funds to buy their next album  
also it’s beyond ridiculous to take a picture of a guy in a hanbok and fancast him in a historical chinese thing or vice versa. to repeat the obvious- asian people and cultures are not interchangeable.
Chinese state television has released what it says is a recent video showing the production of medical supplies like hazmat suits and gloves used  the #coronavirus outbreak. The death toll in China for the virus rose to 636 people on 
Chinese citizens are furious at the death of the whistleblower doctor censored for talking about the coronavirus. His mother said she couldn't even say goodbye.  …
Update and summary of cases diagnosed with 2019-Novel Coronavirus in Malaysia as of 7 February 2020. Of the 15 cases, 4 are Malaysians and 11 are Chinese nationals (10 from Wuhan and 1 from Guangzhou) 
Posting lyrics from the Chinese national anthem "March of the Volunteers" will now get you banned. 
Chen Guangcheng writes about the coronavirus in the Washington Post: "The Chinese Communist Party has once again proved that authoritarianism is dangerous — not just for human rights but also for public health."  …
But Boris and the brexiters want the cheap Chinese version , HuaWei, and chinese worker level wages and working conditions and chinese workers rights and holiday pay  …
What would Mary Beard say about this Chinese statue of a ripped Sogdian merchant? 
Something our friends anticipating the end of the USD as reserve currency fail to consider. The implosion of the Chinese economy. @amlivemon @DukeMarcude @gbponz @Halsrethink @chigirl  …
Automobile industry faces shortage of car parts as Chinese factories shut down due to the coronavirus outbreak  
Li Wenliang's death and the authorities' clumsy handling of it has exacerbated a crisis that is already shaking the very foundations of the Chinese state. | Analysis by 
So through BBI, Uhuru Kenyatta has successfully made us forget about Chinese debts. Can those supporting BBI tell us how it will help prevent key government installations such as KPLC, Mombasa port, or JKIA be taken over by China?
BREAKING: #RoyalCarribean Anthem Of The Seas pulling in to port in Bayonne w possible Corona Virus fears. 1-2 dozen Chinese Nationals aboard cruise to Bahamas. Reports: they have “pulmonary symptoms” & need to be evaluated. Quarantine? Testing? Passenger impact? Live 
This also affects freelancing culture- no one wants to work alone at home so Chinese equivalents of Upwork and Fiverr struggle. Quarantine breakers is not a unique problem- every culture has them. But, for cultural reasons, mass quarantine is particularly stressful for Chinese.
Contributing to this is, well the best English would be "cabin fever". Everyone is staying home, not going out, and even with family this is very isolating. We do particularly poorly when not around large groups of fellow Chinese. We love doing things in a crowd- we seek them out
So Chinese are pretty angry right now- there are plenty of posts on Twitter why so I don't need to get into it. No, we don't want to overthrow anything, yes we want justice. No, I can't have a really satisfying discussion about this with you- plenty of other people can.
#breaking Royal Carribean cruiseship docking now in Bayonne, NJ with roughly a dozen sick Chinese nationals on board. They will be tested for coronavirus. 
since I see my TL asking about the mdzs audio drama, here’s a set of links: CHINESE AUDIO DRAMA (3  - guide:  … - translations: @SuibianSubs JAPANESE AUDIO DRAMA: - links at official acc @mimifm11 (currently 
The #Chinese regime is not only the enemy of the #Uyghurs but also the enemy of the Chinese people themselves. This Chinese child has lost her parents to the #coronavirus and has now  orphaned. Just like the millions of Uyghur orphans in #EastTurkestan. 
While I support those fighting the racist travel ban against Chinese students, we should reflect on whether Chinese students would fight for foreigners in the same situation. With the CCP promoting a Han ethno-state, fascism and racism are sadly rife in China today. 
When Trump is giving President Xi of  about building hospitals, dr. Li passed away. “Chinese police targeted Li for “spreading rumours” in late December 2019 after he posted a warning on social media about this flu. ” 
#EverydayObjects | The Chinese take out container was originally used to carry oysters (at one point they were also used to hold honey). It wasn't until WWII, when demand for take out meals rose, that the container returned as packaging for Chinese and Thai cuisines. 
The death of a Chinese doctor who warned about the #coronavirus in December has sparked an outpouring of grief and outrage on Chinese social media. Li Wenliang, 34, was reportedly reprimanded for "spreading rumors." Full story on @business:  
The Chinese whistleblower doctor who was the first to warn of the deadly coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan has died. His death has sparked anger and grief in China 
ALERT Terminal 3 of Copenhagen Airport closed after Chinese woman picked up by ambulance with Coronavirus symptoms  …
Doctor Li Wenliang, one of the first Chinese doctors who tried to warn fellow medics of the #coronavirus outbreak, has died of the disease at the age of 34. Chinese health officials have expressed their condolences. 
We are disgusted to learn that a Chinese supermarket in Dundee had a window smashed in a suspected racist attack linked to the coronavirus panic. Children have also been racially abused in school, asked if Chinese people eat wild animals.  …
Apparently this is what the Chinese ate to get the corona virus, these people need their own planet because 
Foxconn has  a high-profile symbol of how the coronavirus outbreak could disrupt Chinese manufacturing & hence the world’s supply of made-in-China electronics.  …
After Ebola broke out in 2014, while some countries closed embassies in 3 African countries, China’s medical teams were the FIRST to arrive and LAST to leave. Chinese diplomats STAYED there all along with our African friends to tide over the difficulties.
Li Wenliang's death and the authorities' clumsy handling of it has exacerbated a crisis that is already shaking the very foundations of the Chinese state. | Analysis by 
Why is Philip Scofield’s sexuality breaking news? Yet Stanley Johnson passing messages from the Chinese to Boris Johnson in some secrete quasi official capacity, using personal email accounts barely gets a mention! Wake up people, you’re being distracted!!
Heartbreaking. Dr Li Wenliang, 34, died in the early hours of the morning at the hospital where he worked and first raised the alarm about the virus Coronavirus kills 'hero' Chinese doctor who sounded alarm as toll passes 630 
Hey, Taiwan should remove citizenship of citizens openly serving the Communist Chinese regime, such as 徐文正Hsu Cheng-wen , who has served posts within the pro-Beijing China Unification Promotion Party (CUPP) and Chinese Communist Party. #褫奪公權 #消除國籍  …
OMG!! Did you hear that just yesterday ~ 27 000 people died in #China?! And today! And tomorrow! And the day after that! Bad, right!? No, not really. Every day 150 000 people die, of whom 70% of old age. Chinese make up 18% of the world population and thus its ~ mortality.
Li Wenliang: Doctor who first warned people about possible new SARS-like virus (nCoV/coronavirus), died of infection while treating patients in Wuhan. Initially, he was warned by Chinese Police to not spread Rumors. This has  major topic of anger & outrage in China
Did the Chinese Coronavirus Start as a Bioweapon Program? | The China Report  … @JoshJPhilipp #China #Coronavirus #Blackops
??? you're from PYCS, a school known for its academic excellence in chinese, tapos tulog ka lagi sa chinese class??? SHAME,,,  …
Nurses take off their face masks after a grueling shift in fight with novel #coronavirus, touching the hearts of millions on Chinese social media. Salute to these angels! #EverydayHero 
A UK national, Charlie Parker, has chosen to stay behind in the Chinese city of Wuhan, the centre of a novel coronavirus epidemic in Hubei Province. 
Dear Twitter I am a young entrepreneur. I have a food truck where I specialize in Pizza Burger Shawarma Noodles Chinese Rice Smoothies 100% Fresh Juice Just 1 like or Rt might change my life & find me more customers! Call/WhatsApp: 07087767750 to place your order. #Abuja 
ICYMI: Li Wenliang, a Chinese doctor based in Wuhan who was among the first to warn of the new coronavirus, has died from the disease, the hospital treating him confirmed. 
Hosting a 2 days WhatsApp Class on " Importation From China, Mistakes Newbies make, The Do's and Don'ts when working with Chinese Suppliers and how to find Suppliers and Direct Manufacturers" It's a Paid Class... N8,000 I have 17 slots left...Interested? Pls send a DM and RT
6) Standard warning: although this pangolin news announcement is not a pre print, it was a press release + Xin Hua News article + Chinese biologist source. Not yet peer reviewed science, so let’s see if other scientists confirm the finding. Hat tip to @MackayIM who tweeted first!
Chinese President Xi Jinping talks with U.S. President Donald Trump over phone on novel #coronavirus outbreak. Xi points out that China is dedicated to safeguarding the lives and health of not only its own people but also people all over the world  
The Chinese name for Silver-throated Tit is 银喉长尾山雀, yín-hóu cháng-wěi shān-què, literally translated as "Silver-throated Long-tailed Mountain Finch". This group of freshly-fledged juveniles was at Yeyahu in Beijing in May. 
In my 7 years on WeChat I've almost never seen anyone openly criticise the Chinese govterment. Now my wall is almost entirely filled with rage and disbelief over the doctor who the CCP silenced when he tried to warn people about Corona. He has recently died from the disease. 
To those who are wondering, Yixing, Chanyeol and Jongade- all three are credited as lyricist  under KOMCA, in both Korean and Chinese versions. No other lyricist or other team was a part of it. It's all boys- their lyrics, their emotions and  
The Chinese public have staged what amounts to an online revolt last night after the death of Dr. Li Wenliang.Government officials,biz figures & ordinary folks,have posted numerous messages expressing their grief and anger. It's sth I haven't seen in years  
Chinese freestyle @IamMayorKun #Gengfreestyle #athleticbarca 
"If Chinese data is accurate....". I'm sorry you lost me  …
* Trump apoplectic with Johnson over Chinese 5G phones Idiot pretended that Brexit meant "Take back control" We warned Boris over UK  a vassal state of USA ! Isn't he a dangerous numpty ? *
Li Wenliang, the medical doctor who warned the public about the coronavirus, died late last night due to the infection, sparking a level of collective anger and grief unseen on Chinese social media.  …
Chinese authorities silenced him & accused him of “spreading rumours” when he warned people of the coronavirus outbreak back in December. Shameful. #RIPDrLi   …
#CoronaVirus Infections: 31,524 In critical condition: 4,825 Deaths: 638 Recovered: 1,659 Do you believe the Chinese numbers are accurate?
If Americans find it disgusting that Germans ate horsemeat, if Germans find it disgusting that Chinese eat frogs and lizards, and Chinese find it disgusting some African tribes eat human meat, then vegetarians can very well find it disgusting that non-vegetarians eat any meat.
Chinese Government disinfecting Wuhan and other places infected with the #Coronavius in China pray to your God this don't reach Africa our governments can't handle this in time plus they'll do it for 10x the price 
Wait...Chinese in Wuhan, China are dying but Ugandans in Wuhan, China are safe? Please. #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan already. Let us stop gambling with people's lives. Bring them back, quarantine them here, on Ugandan soil, their mother land.
CHINESE COPPER TRADERS DECLARE FORCE MAJEURE OVER CORONAVIRUS
The death of #coronavirus doctor #LiWenliang has ignited an outpour of outrage in Chinese society, as many have criticized formalism and excessive bureaucracy in local governance.  
I’ve been asked:under what conditions can Russia-China relationship turn sour?My answer:it won’t because of Russia,&it’s unlikely while Xi is in power.Beyond that,it surely will if China starts treating RUS as its GDP deserves. So far, the Chinese have been very smart on RUS.
Chinese govt spokesman pays tribute to the doctor who raised the alarm about coronavirus. This is the same govt that arrested Dr Li and forced him to confess to “seriously disrupting social order” for telling the truth about the virus.  …
Chinese public mourns, rages over death of doctor who raised early alarm on coronavirus  
We all know @Coles is really supportive of ensuring Australian farmers are sustainable going forward! Whole section of own branded Chinese product and minimal exposure for Australian produce! Well played Coles, well played! 
And the Schadenfreude continues. They won't let #LiWenliang rest in peace. They'll quote Chinese reactions online - opinions that they otherwise dismiss as "brainwashed" by propoganda when it doesn't suit them. Chinese reactions are genuine only when they go against the CCP.
In Shakira's voice: "I never really knew Williams could play like this He makes Pique wants to fight Chinese. Como se llama, bonita, mi casa, su casa (sí, sí) Shakira, Shakira." 
Prof Nick Harberd lands the cover of @sciencemagazine with his latest on the new green revolution. In collaboration with the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the team have discovered a new gene that improves the yield & fertilizer use efficiency of rice. More:  
Tens of thousands of Chinese unanimously replying “Arise! Ye who refuse to be slaves”, the 1st line of Chinese National Anthem, to News of death of Li Wenliang, who failed to exercise rights of #speechfreedom which led to 
One time I dated a guy who asked me what ‘nasho’ I was, and when I told him I was Croatian he exclaimed “Woah! You don’t even look Chinese!” He’d never heard of Croatia and thought I’d said Cro-Asian.
Chinese social media censors hashtag 'I want freedom of speech' after whistleblower doctor dies 
the way how lucas always makes sure to say his ending ment in eng, korean and Chinese all of them everytime. he's always doing his best. Indeed best boy 
5 years ago, SEA startups tend to clone Silicon Valley startups. 3 years ago, they tend to copy Chinese ones. And now, I think you should definitely learn from Indian startups.
A doctor who tried to warn others about the coronavirus outbreak in December has died from the infection, according to Chinese state media 
So That’s why the white Genocide happened there The Chinese needed to make way for their takeover Chinese farmers take over former white-owned farms in Zimbabwe to cash in on tobacco  … via @telegraphnews
WTF????? Closing the borders is to protect the ppl in your country. Being a leftist is fine but being a BRAINLESS leftist is infinitely stupid. There are 15 ppl are infected with #WuhanCoronavirus in & you STILL stand with Chinese ppl.  … via @SBSRadio
The Chinese Embassy in Uganda is asking people for my full names and what University I’m at, the games have begun.
Biased Western reporting on the coronavirus may have a nasty side effect: a new wave of Chinese nationalism  …
Waking up in a hotel room in Wuhan today, I thought about a Chinese poem from Beidao. “I am no hero. In an age without heroes, I just want to be a man. 在一个没有英雄的时代里，我只想做一个人” Li Wenliang was a good and open-hearted man just like his name 亮which means bright.
The 38-year-old Chinese woman who was the Philippines' first case of novel coronavirus infection is recovering as she tested negative to the virus, according to the Department of Health on Friday. 
According to multiple leads, the missing Chinese lawyer and citizen journalist Chen Qiushi @chenqiushi404 was sent to one of the Wuhan Death Camps, a "Fangcang Hospital", to be put under quarantine for 8-14 days.  …
This image of #HongKongProtest graffiti has been circulating on Chinese social media after death of #DrLiWenLiang from #Coronavirus: "There are no born heroes in this world; only ordinary people who stand up and step 
I took this photo yesterday of a rock cliff that I think looks like a old school Chinese dude. Maybe it’s just me after looking at it in person awhile lol 
Nyonya ('women's') needlework, an integral part of Peranakan Chinese heritage, a people who are descendants of Chinese immigrants who settled in Malaysia and Singapore 
This man is a World hero. Never forget him. And my love and condolences to his family. 'Hero who told the truth': Chinese rage over coronavirus death of whistleblower doctor  …
With all due respect to everyone taking about how this will change the Party and Chinese government as people talk you're wrong. Three things matter: 1) PLA 2) Domestic security services 3) Internal political Party support to execute (in some manner) dissenters. Nothing else
Congratulations! Another race against time! The second hospital in #Wuhan, Thunder God hospital,  in 10 days. It has been handed over and started to receive patients on 6 February. Chinese speed! China will win the battle against #2019-nCoV! 
2005, *chinese parents point at an indian guy* : " If you dont behave I'll send you to the apunehneh* 2040, *indian parents point at a chinese guy*: "if you don't behave ill send you to the wuhan"
Was surprised for like 10K you can now get a 32 inch TV from a funny Chinese brand like Vitron, Synix, Cytroniq, Skyview, Vision Plus etc  …
#UPDATE A Chinese doctor who was punished after raising the alarm about the #coronavirus has died from the pathogen, sparking an outpouring of grief and anger over a crisis that has now killed more than 630 people  Flowers for Li Wenliang in 
Moonbyul's chinese Fansite alone with help of cmoos who donated spent easily over $100K on Her birthday alone and RBW thinks they don't have to produce that many albums. Moonbyul & Mamamoo have more than 7 fans @rbbridge do better bxtch
who’s gonna tell him yibo is chinese,,,
The same Chinese perspectives that the western media observes are angry about the death of Li wenliang are the same ones which they dismiss as "brainwashing" and "propaganda" when  to any other issue. They pick and choose which Chinese opinions they accept as valid.
A Chinese doctor reprimanded by local authorities for trying to sound the alarm on the coronavirus has died after contracting the disease. 
This doctor tried to warn people back in December. Rather than take his fears seriously, the Chinese authorities told him to retract his warning. Now, along with hundreds of others, #LiWenliang has died from #Coronavirus. Authoritarianism kills.  
Tokyo governor asks Chinese runners to "refrain from participating" in the Tokyo Marathon on March 1 due to the coronavirus.  …
It's time for the mainland Chinese apologize for the misinformation causing the mass spread of the #coronavirus around the 
Chinese whistle-blower doctor who died fighting coronavirus only wanted people to 'know the truth'  …
The death of whistleblower doctor Li Wenliang in China highlights the human rights failings in #Coronavirus outbreak. It’s a tragic reminder of how Chinese authorities’ preoccupation with maintaining ‘stability’ drives it to suppress vital info about matters of public interest.
3. In  institutions, foreign friends and overseas Chinese in Russia, US, Japan, ROK, Singapore, Malaysia, Viet Nam, Iran, UK, UAE, Saudi Arabia and Peru had also made donations.
If Godzilla was Chinese they’d have eaten the corpse after they took him down  …
To me, blaming #Beijing for intentionally excluding #Taiwan from accessing crucial information is the right channel to express Taiwanese people's discontent, but to seek "revenge" out of normal Chinese citizens' suffering is indecent and unethical.
In my first year of university in the UK, my Chinese friend asked me to escort him to the Range Rover dealership to look at cars. After window shopping, he made a call to his dad in China & decided to buy a brand new car. They delivered it to our halls of residence 4 days later.  …
Every other person I’m meeting has cough and cold (“flu like symptoms”). It’s seasonal. Not some random Chinese virus but our own desi ones.  …
"I'm not a virus. I'm a human. Eradicate the prejudice." A Chinese Italian man protests coronavirus-related prejudice against the Chinese people in Italy 
Foxconn, Chinese firms refit production lines to make masks amid virus outbreak  
The Chinese government tries to use its economic clout to silence criticism abroad of its repression, but when governments have banded together, they have successfully defied Beijing's censorship efforts. China can't afford to cut off the entire world.  
Thousands of Chinese doctors volunteered for the front line of the coronavirus outbreak. They are overwhelmed, under-equipped, exhausted, and even dying.  …
The #coronavirus outbreak has infected thousands and killed hundreds - but there has been secrecy surrounding many of the cases. So what do we know so far about the victims, and are Chinese authorities trying to silence discussion? 
We have to worry about republicans, Chinese, Russians, Saudis interfering in our primaries. What is the solution? I am just setting off the alarm that the news is sending us. Republicans are being very vocal and open what they are doing. So what are we going to do to stop them?
I just do not know if the Chinese Authorities are reporting actual figures of the Corona Virus infections and deaths!
TursunAy’s testimony: I was tortured in Chinese concentration camps.They released me after one year because of my husband’s Kazak citizenship.Don’t believe if China say that they have released Uyghurs. It is huge lie!have been there, I know their intention is to eradicate Uyghurs 
Li Wenliang, a Chinese doctor who tried to warn the world about the coronavirus, died of the disease. See our full coverage here:  
Inspired by Chinese illustrator Chen Xiaotao's work in which a sick "reganmian," the Wuhan noodle, is visited by foods from other Chinese regions, Peruvian artist Vianhue made a heartwarming image of foreign national flags visiting China's flag in hospital. 
Interesting “adversarial” attack people are using on Chinese social media to counter algorithmic censorship from government. H/T @paulmozur   …
If it is money that is the problem our families can try to raise the funds; but without the Ugandan Gov’t talking to the Chinese and getting permission to evacuate their citizens we can’t leave.  …
He got the virus while working at Wuhan Central Hospital. He immediately warned fellow medical professionals on 30 December but the Chinese police told him to stop "making  He was summoned and made to sign a letter where he was accused of spreading fake news.
I wonder if this might help prevent pangolins' extinction by scaring off humans. Their meat is considered a delicacy and the scales are used in traditional Chinese medicine to treat aliments from cancer to arthritis.  …
A Chinese doctor who was threatened by the government after he voiced concerns about the new coronavirus died from the illness early Friday  
Communism And Socialism Is A ‘Virus’ Deadlier Than Corona #DemExit Chinese Communist Party Purge Begins over Coronavirus  …
Fallout from the death of Dr Li Wenliang: An "outpouring of anger" and "for the Chinese leadership it is an epic political disaster"...  …
Here are some images from today’s rally at the Home Affairs Dept in #Sydney. Despite #sydneyrain it was a great turn out and thanks to organisers for allowing me to speak. We are in solidarity with #WuhanCoronavirus #wuhan people, #Chinese people and #Chinese int students. 
The Thai Minister of Public Health needs to immediately apologize for this outburst in which he used derogatory & racist terms against European tourists. Thailand has hardly any Chinese tourists and now he wants to kick out Europeans who refuse to wear a face mask 
This week my thoughts have been with our Chinese students and their families. I know whether they in China or already here this is very a troubling time. And I thank our @utas_ team for working tirelessly to do all we can to help 
Chinese doctor who raised alarm about virus dies  …
Some people really really don't want to be cured of the #coronavirus, resisting traditional Chinese medicine with all their might. 
'Hero who told the truth': Chinese rage over coronavirus death of whistleblower doctor  …
the chinese word for “owl” is 貓頭鷹 māo tóu yīng which literally means “cat-headed hawk”
Better audio on this infamous moment lol. : he’s kinda old : *shows rabbit teeth* and?? : old cow eats tender grass—(Chinese idiom) : *hits him* Staff: *whispering* are they a pair? Me: girl, that’s what we are all wondering, join the club #bjyx 
If your favourite fantasy drama doesn't have: 1) falling off cliffs 2) puking blood Its not a Chinese drama.
Textbook  party actions. Save face versus tell the truth. @AmbCuiTiankai @AmbLiuXiaoMing #coronaviruschina #outbreak #liecheatsteal #boycottbeijing2022
More and more Chinese cities under lockdown. #coronavirus We have over 50000 Indian citizens living in China. If  to shove we might to evacuate 1000s more. Thank God we still have AIR INDIA
Li Wenliang, one of the original 8 doctors who initially raised the alarm on the chinese coronavirus outbreak in December, died from the virus on Thursday. Caixin, GT, and Beijing News originally reported and then DELETED stories of his death due to social media outrage.
Chinese doctor who tried to warn the world about a new coronavirus died of the disease, prompting an outpouring of sorrow as the death toll passed 630  via @DavidStanway 
So I promised to share the art I drew for the ancient Chinese lesbians #FGEP #FemaleGeneralAndEldestPrincess 
'Hero who told the truth': Chinese rage over coronavirus death of whistleblower doctor  …
Li Wenliang: Coronavirus kills Chinese whistleblower doctor  …
Will @realDonaldTrump default on his $500M Chinese development loan and sue them for Force Majeure because of the #coronavirus  …
Li Wenliang's death and the authorities' clumsy handling of it has exacerbated a crisis that is already shaking the very foundations of the Chinese state. | Analysis by @jgriffiths | 
As expected. The show flow: Send in the Party's secretive watchdog & ensure all investigations controlled, roll some heads (local officials only). And...voila! Accountability with Chinese characteristics. The Party continues.  …
The Chinese authorities are  MASS FUMIGATING and force-medicating the population of Wuhan. The government refuse to say what chemicals they are using! #coronavirus 
Chinese public mourns, rages over death of doctor who raised early alarm on coronavirus  
“Three suspected Islamic extremists have been arrested in the Maldives for stabbing two Chinese nationals and an Australian.”  …
Imagine being this narrow minded. This is a Chinese kopitiam, not a bar or a club. Sometimes they use the beer logo to put up on their signboard. Yes it’s wrong to drive under influence of alcohol, but saying “rempuh restoran jual tiget beer” wtf. Do you ever go to kopitiam? No?  …
RIP. He was one of the 8 whistleblowers who first reveal this SARS-like virus (now known as Coronavirus) but instead was reprimanded by the Chinese police for spreading rumours. If only the Chinese gov listen to the 8 doctors and let the public know then it wont be to this state.  …
Portraits of late Chinese doctor Li Wenliang - who was silenced by authorities after warning of the #NovelCoronavirus - circulating on Chinese social media platforms after his death last night:  …
White bg stans why are you policing our chinese blinks when other chinese fans are doing pre-order too for their  this month  …
Coronavirus: Chinese public mourns, rages over death of doctor who raised early alarm  …
"The Chinese authorities resorted to increasingly extreme measures in Wuhan on Thursday to try to halt the spread of the deadly coronavirus, ordering house-to-house searches, rounding up the sick and warehousing them in enormous quarantine centers." 
Why are yt K-pop stans policing Chinese blinks now???  …
Having lived in Shenzhen for 9 years, I do not have enough contempt for the CCP and Chinese government but my heart breaks and I worry for those left behind.
Excited to see a book by Chinese cartoonist Zao Dao listed among Dark Horse’s summer solicits. Hoping this ultimately leads to even more of her work in English. 
China hopes that the U.S. will assess the #coronavirus epidemic in a calm manner, adopt and adjust its response measures in a reasonable way, Chinese President Xi Jinping says in a phone conversation with U.S. President Donald Trump 
It really breaks my heart seeing pics of empty Chinese restaurants, dumpling houses etc, with people staying away because of #coronavirus. How can people be so stupid?
why are media outlets publishing Chinese official coronavirus figures like they have any relation to reality this seems extremely dumb like theyre not even trying im used to stenography around USG claims but china? whats up with that
I am glad to see him careful about shaking hands with anyone who has Chinese contacts and private jets.
A former Chinese central bank adviser says Beijing should use its policy power to help businesses absorb losses from the new coronavirus 
Chinese President #XiJinping told U.S. President Donald Trump that China is confident and capable of  the novel #coronavirus outbreak in a phone call on  …
#WuhanJiayou is not only to Chinese in Wuhan, but to those Ugandans who live in Wuhan too. Be safe and be strong to go through this hardship with us. We have full confidence to win this battle against 
A Chinese fan edited a music video for Canadian-Chinese singer #KrisWu's #PoXiao based on touching moments caught on camera in the fight against #2019-nCoV. Stay Strong, #Wuhan. Stay Strong, #China. Let's hope for spring. Video cr: 
23 cured patients of #coronavirus infection were discharged from hospital in Wuhan Thursday thanks to integrated treatment of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) and Western medicine  
Increasing evidence  Han people are furious over Chinese state’s response. Doubling down on SM clampdown means no vent too. Only our NDTV WAGs society seems mightily impressed even using handouts like ‘10-day hospital’ to shame Indian govt
A Chinese doctor who got in trouble with authorities for sounding an early warning about the coronavirus outbreak died on Friday  down with the illness in early January, a hospital reported. 
Hi @AppleMusic. Can u explain why you took down Do You Hear the People Sing from ur Chinese library? 
Coronavirus is definitely disrupting  and supply chains that rely on Chinese exporters
Guys are you watching The Ghost Bride on Netflix? It’s a lovely historical paranormal romance set in malacca. And despite being a Chinese show, it manages to capture the diversity of a southeast Asian country better than Crazy Rich Asians
PSA: Y'all absolutely definitely do not need to include foot-binding when writing about China! It  unnecessary! Not all women had their feet bound! The fixation and obsession the West has on this TINY PERIOD in Chinese history is gross and needs to stop.
Xiao Li is lying brain dead in a Melbourne hospital after a car crash last week. The federal government has allowed his Chinese mother to bypass the coronavirus travel ban to be with her only son. 
We drew up plans to drop three atomic bombs on the Chinese. About 2500 Americans would be killed, but it would be a worthy sacrifice for Truman to make. Note that Truman didn't volunteer to sit at a desk at ground zero.
This was the moment WHO director general @DrTedros – when asked about death of #Wuhan doctor #LiWenliang who was maliciously accused by Chinese government for spreading rumours about #CoronaOutbreak – simply dodged the question and turned to @DrMikeRyan for a reply to 
Chinese doctor who tried to warn the world about a new coronavirus died of the disease, prompting an outpouring of sorrow as the death toll passed 630  by @DavidStanway 
We launched an offensive on November 24, 1950, and on November 25, about a million Chinese poured into Korea. By November 29, 1950, the United Nations was in full retreat, and Harry Truman--the guy who CAUSED all of this--began screaming that we had to drop atomic bombs.
Even so, it was a hell of a fight. We finally defeated the North Koreans by mid-September of 1950, and the United Nations began cancelling ammunition shipments. The Chinese made a couple of attacks in October of 1950. MacArthur said, "Charge!"
More tributes to Li Wenliang from Chinese social media: "There are no heroes falling from the sky, only ordinary people who bravely step forward." 
I know the Chinese internet is filled with people expressing rage and dissappontment towards the system. But don’t worry, I’m sure party leaders are trying very hard to find a way to redirect public rage towards foreigners again.
Chinese fan edited an MV for Canadian-Chinese singer #KrisWu's #PoXiao based on internet materials of the touching moments during fighting #nCoV. Stay Strong, #Wuhan. Stay Strong, #China. Let's expect the cherry blossom in the beloved  cr: 
Pretoria pair could score China deal: Two young Pretoria entrepreneurs who make face masks and donated 30,000 of them to China to aid in the battle against the coronavirus have scored a major deal with the Chinese government.  
Q: Is Chinese exporting authoritarianism or making the world safe for authoritarianism? A:  …
Canada’s Ambassador to China Dominic Barton was lampooned this Thursday for being an apologist to the  regime.  …
2/ Even if, for some reason I can't see, Prince is a more appropriate buyer for this  then the Chinese government is, why is he stepping in to do this solid at a time the Department of Justice is investigating him for lying to Congress? What deals has Prince cut?
1/ Then suddenly Trump pal Erik Prince begins expressing an interest in  Everyone says, "This is great! Prince can keep Motor Sich from being sold to China!" But the problem is...*Erik  is partially owned by Chinese government interests*. So what's up?
Chinese officials are buying up medical masks in the virus-wracked country from factories that typically supply hospitals around the world, forcing manufacturers to boost output globally and hospitals to ration supplies. 
5 medics in #Yunan province in China detained or fined today for secretly filming and spreading situations about #coronavirus. 4 of them will be detained for 10 days; 1 to be fined 500 yuan. Original official report in Chinese language:  
