30 #COVID19 cases were reported on Chinese mainland Saturday (25 imported and five domestic cases in Guangdong Province). Three more deaths, all in Hubei Province, and 47 new asymptomatic cases were logged. 1,024 asymptomatic patients are under medical observation. 
There only thing that rivals the American response in patheticness is the quality of Chinese propaganda. Can you guys at least make your lies even remotely believable to foreigners?  …
Alex Jones always talks about  Chinese” and the globalists being in league together, and it sounds ridiculous until you realize they are by accident of greed. They’ve gutted our manufacturing and the corporate elite/Chinese who profit benefit from this
United States just found the man who SOLD the #WuhanVirus to China Dr. Charles Lieber, department head of biology & chemistry at Harvard was arrested for selling virus Him & 2 other Chinese Nationals were charged in 3 other cases #BioWeapon 
Since Chinese officials disclosed the outbreak of a mysterious pneumonialike illness to international health officials on New Year’s Eve, at least 430k people have arrived in the United States on direct flights from China.  … #COVID19 #CoronavirusPandemic
The Malays in Malaysia are the descendants of Proto-Malays by intermarriage with OTHER Ethnic Groups, including Chinese & Indians since TWO THOUSAND years ago. - USM & UKM (Fakulti Forensik Sains dan Biologi) * Proto-Malays- Jakun berasal dari Yunan, Selatan Cina - Jbtn Org Asli
me on amazon trying to snipe toilet roll before the chinese bag them all 
Coronavirus Pandemic: Should China Be Held Responsible for Corona And Made to Pay War Damages? We Are Angry Because Chinese Whistleblowers Were Silenced & Italians Are Dying Like Flies.  …
It's wild to me whenever Americans say "Chinese people are oppressed because they can't use Facebook and Twitter and Google" like... China has WeChat and Weibo and their own search engines why the hell would they want to hang out on Twitter with all of us brainless westerners
New paper using variation in the genomes of SARS-CoV-2 to estimate the number of people who have been infected as of February 9 suggests the Chinese data are not fake  …
WATCH: Chinese Woman Hoards Face Masks To Prevent Americans From Buying Any (VIDEO) @TheScoop_US  … via @gatewaypundit
Predictably, my evangelicals friends are the ones who are spreading conspiracy theories, downplaying the pandemic, blaming the Chinese and trying to convince people it’s a hoax to sell vaccines. WTF is wrong with these people?
Wow TJ, this is a hell of a read. Why did Trump trust Chinese propaganda over our own experts? "Trump has consistently praised Chinese President Xi Jinping despite warnings from U.S. intelligence and health officials that Beijing was concealing the true scale of the outbreak"
NYC has the largest Chinese population outside of Asia Over half of NYC speaks a language other than English at home Over 200 languages are spoken in New York City 3 million NYC residents are foreign-born and 25% arrived in NYC after 2000 NYC is the new Babylon GET OUT NOW~ 
Australian politicians attack Chinese Communist Party. Many politicians would have crucified "racists" for these same views, a while back. They have seen the way the winds are blowing and would like to be re-elected. If they are scared of us - good. 
. THE BORDER - ILLEGAL CROSSINGS DOWN SIGNIFICANTLY DURING CHINESE VIRUS Illegal Border Crossing Down to ‘Next to Nothing’ – Less Than 150 Apprehensions a Day For Almost a Week . Virus Outbreak VALIDATES Neccesity of Border Security  …
Today is Qingming, or “Tomb-Sweeping Day”, a traditional Chinese holiday  ancestors and those left us, also marks the start of spring. It’s been declared a National Day of Mourning, to mourn the more than 60 #HealthcareHeroes and many others left us due to 
Intel reports claim China is covering up the extent of the Chinese virus. I suspect if the military is running our Intel agencies, the director of the organization is Captain Obvious.
It has been almost 3 years since my brother, Otkur Yarmuhammad, was abducted from home by Chinese police. They detained him without any charges, and then sent him to concentration camp. Recently the Chinese government sentenced him for 10 years with false charges. @UN 
13 celebrities stepping up to help during the Chinese coronavirus pandemic. 
Sure he uses that podcast to literally call the Chinese government satanic. Also confrontation with China is his most enduring priority. But he definitely hates Democrats 
"Grr don't get the Chinese mad there's 1.3 Billion of us" I bet there isn't even a billion people in China.
I believe the 5G slander is just a delay tactic to allow the American tech firms catch up with the Chinese, before mainstream acceptance
As a non-straight Chinese person I would like to object this. Our culture is quite homophobic but the government hasn’t really went out of their way to spread homophobia. They’ve censored sexual contents but the LGBT media and literature has always been available.
Made northwest Chinese biang biang noodle, my favorite 
Did you thank them for the virus too? Without the Chinese, you wouldn’t need more ventilators. Was there Shmoozy ass kissing?  …
Why, is the cure to the Chinese coronavirus in his tax returns?
Iranian Ambassador to china: Tonight, during two flights from Beijing, #Chinese aid will be sent to #Iran to fight the #Crona 
Trump said today the people that use that drug are not getting the Chinese virus  …
A malaysian chinese girl's video showing how to make own fabric face mask garners big attention in US. This is not a first time Malaysian women made us proud..earlier on malay woman minister receives worldwide attention with her Doraemon routine for bed-time intimacy..
President of SLLF, Stephen Lakis: "I am proud of our partnership with GPACA and I am equally proud of our long-standing partnership with the Chinese People's Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries."  
China is the world’s biggest liar. The Chinese government lies to everyone, even its own people, and Xi Jinping is the Father of Lies. Resist China’s fake news machine. #ResistChina  …
Where was the store management at Coles telling these Chinese Daigou dickheads to "fuck off" and threaten to call the Police & Security if they don't disappear? Why does Coles let this shit behaviour happen?  …
chinese  to ng  …
After watching clips of a Chinese woman deliberately walking up & down  store touching  several times makes me wonder who's paying her to do that & why isn't she in jail Her face is clear as a bell !
So you are now part of the blame game w/ the orange face in WH? Please! Pointing fingers isn’t going to fix anything. How kind of the Chinese government to help!!! They don’t have to! But they’ve helped the Italians and now the USA!
3/ RTF and Chinese double major Kate P. has been keeping track of #COVID19 since there were just a few cases. Her biggest fear is knowing it can spread to the people she 
Half A Million Chinese People Entered America At The Height Of The COVID-19 Outbreak | Zero Hedge  …
I get sick of the #MediaBias not only protecting the Chinese but also for them convincing people that #Hydroxycloroquine is a poisonous 
The media hate Trump more than the lab that created and released Wuhan coronavirus and the Chinese government that covered it up. The "reporters" were taught to hate America in school and by the media.  …
The Chinese Communist Party ( #CCP) is a threat to their own people, to the US, and to humankind! Remember, this is not about the Chinese people. The biggest victims of the CCP are the Chinese people. @WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus 
Sen. Elizabeth Warren is demanding racial data of those contracting the Chinese coronavirus. Why?  …
"Militarism" in Chinese culture is a topic I have been thinking a lot about lately. I happened upon this article by Christopher Hughes, "Militarism and the China Model: The Case of National Defense Education." And it explains so much.  
A super corona virus has been in the works since 2015. The Chinese have been at this for a while. Canada:  … Italy RAI, 2015 Newsreport  …
All you snail-eaters have no right to judge the Chinese for their diet
Remember when those “heartwarming” videos of hardworking Chinese doctors were going around like three months ago?
"The lesson many people still need to learn is that disease is something that afflicts the human body — not the Chinese body, the African body, or the Western body," writes 
Exile Not Always Guarantee of Safety for Pakistani Journalists Taha Siddiqui, journalist in exile said he believes that Pakistani military is following the Saudi, Chinese & Russian playbook to target dissidents abroad. Must read story by  …
The Chinese government is awful but an entirely distinct entity from the Chinese people et large Racism against asian americans is reactionary as fuck and the exact wrong response to have
Hastie and Patterson had upset the Chinese Communist Party even before this all happened. I’m sure they been speaking up for a while but haven’t received much media coverage about it.  …
POWER of PRAYER Please Pray for ALL Medical Staff & Health Care Workers Placing Their Lives on th Line to battle the Chinese virus to help others infected with the Chinese virus fighting to recover & return home. Communities are united in supporting ALL 
Bitches Can’t Wait To Hear Dat Lil Chinese Lady Say “Pika Kalah”
(It's the Chinese government's fault. If Mona somehow doesn't know this, someone should whisper it to her.)  …
As horrible as this thing is, there have been moments of clarity: -We have a wartime President -Must decouple from Chinese supply chains -Americans R still a tough-ass crew & can  anything -Pelosi, Schiff, etc., hate America & must go -MSM & Hollywood R useless 
CORONAVIRUS: An Aegean Airlines aircraft delivered 7 tons of Chinese medical equipment and protective gear to Cyprus, including 12 ventilators, surgical masks and goggles, Saturday. Cyprus has so far reported 426 COVID-19 cases and 11 deaths. (AP) 
5..."Chinese Health Organization", many social media giants including Google, Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter have been suppressing discussion about the virus in the name of controlling "misinformation", and programs discussing #coronavirus are usually marked as ...
Italians, Spanish, French lots and lots people still traveling after the outbreak in their country. Nobody closed doors on them. While Chinese citizen is banned from many countries from entry since January 22nd. Why we responsible and not the others? This world is connected.
I was at Acme yesterday with my (Asian) family and when people saw us, they pulled their shirts up over their faces. Don’t tell me calling this the “Chinese virus” isn’t racist. It is.
Chinese factory worker rubs his shoes on masks and asks if this is good enough. Are these masks for export? Do they want us to wear them on our faces? 
It’s remarkable that a sitting president can spitefully and willfully watch Americans die in New York by sitting on equipment - while the Chinese government donates ventilators. And suffer no repercussions from his party leadership.
No way in hell would I allow a newly shipped Chinese built ventilator be used by me, especially now....!!! Probably filled with toxins! Let BOTH Cuomo's be the first to try them out!  …
Big chinese daddy 
just want a chinese and a shag
Democrats just introduced a measure to give coronavirus relief checks to illegal aliens. Does anyone else believe that the "Democrat virus" infecting America is 100x more dangerous than any Chinese virus ever could be?
Thought Chinese Might Be Nice Tonight Peking Duck with a subtle touch of Suya spice Chicken Fried Rice Chicken Chow Mein Crispy Chilli Beef #DCD #ChefD 
This is what the Chinese wore and  Meaning what the reporter wore. Not the doctor. #PPE is needed for the frontlines. Now. Not tomorrow. #COVID19  …
Pls RT/ This Chinese woman-Hexin Jiang from Florida, proudly filmed herself buying massive amounts of surgical masks from multiple US stores. “I feel so proud buying all the masks. I didn’t leave one single crumb 4the Americans!”  … 
How to malign an entire people, while still claiming "exceptions": "Mexicans are rapists. But there are exceptions who are good people." - Trump Supporter "Chinese defending China are brainwashed or paid trolls. But there are exceptions who are patriotic." - 'China watcher'
'U.N. Watch, a Geneva-based human rights watchdog, first reported the development in Geneva, and reacted furiously to the move, saying it was “absurd and immoral” for the U.N. to allow the Chinese regime a key role in selecting human rights officials.'  …
1)  … Well . . . anyone remember this? "we BUILT a CHIMERIC virus encoding a novel, zoonotic CoV spike protein—from the RsSHC014-CoV sequence that was isolated from Chinese horseshoe bats1—in the context of the SARS-CoV mouse-adapted backbone”
Meanwhile, there's probably dozens of scripts passing around in Hollywood about how the US saved the world from the "Chinese virus", ending with an emotional speech about union and friendship... One of them will  a movie and win 5 Oscars in 2025.  …
A Chinese research paper says a #COVID19 patient shed infectious virus for 49 days -- shedding stopped when he was administered antiserum from a convalescent #SARSCoV2 survivor. Big implications for safe patient mgmt., but study needs  …
Do you believe the Communist Chinese ambassador? I don't, at all.  …
And 1000s of Chinese and Italian people are happily signing on to die to wreck the US economy! It'll be a happy day when Americans realize they're not actually the center of the f*cking universe.
Chinese Communist Party (CCP) is "THE ENEMY" of the ENTIRE world...! It's NOT going to end well for them...! Mark my words everyone..!
I am sick and tired of Westerners only caring about Chinese people who they can use to push an anti-China agenda. Westerners are always trying to twist out sob stories from Chinese people they can use to push their agenda.  …
PREMIERE 8pm ET:  #CCPVirus: “You could say it’s reckless. You could say it’s intentional. But the one thing that you have to say is…the actions that the Chinese government took led to the spread of this virus around the world.” @GordonGChang on 
Joe Tsai, the billionaire co-founder of Chinese ecommerce giant Alibaba, and his wife Clara Wu Tsai, have donated 2.6 million masks, 170,000 goggles and 2000 ventilators to New York — the US epicenter of the coronavirus pandemic 
Gotta take a break. In the middle of the pandemic, weird Chinese "billionaire" #GuoWengui is pushing ahead with his lawsuit, and the legal process is forcing me to stop my work and address his little issues. He's proving my point about him. #CCP
" It's the Chinese" The Chinese asset media again pretending it's not the Chinese.
Holy shit, this fucking guy. "I thank the Chinese government" THEY ARE THE ONES THAT DESTROYED NEW YORK  …
Won’t happen the way Dems have been behaving during Chinese plague, #TrumpLandslide2020
Looks like Amsterdam is a major hub for #Coronavirus PPE. A lot of Chinese cargo jets flying between China, mainly Shanghai, and Amsterdam. Multiple different air  flying between Amsterdam and mainly the US. Frankfurt is another, smaller, hub #CoronavirusPandemic
February 2: “We pretty much shut it  in from China.” April 4: Since Chinese officials disclosed the outbreak... on New Year’s Eve, at least 430,000 people have arrived in the United States on direct flights from China.  …
Seemingly harmless conversations about #COVID19 are landing a lot of people in trouble with the Chinese government. 
And Chinese citizens are flying me thousands of k95 masks to give away at hospitals. At their own expense. They know how bad this is and how unprepared we are. So much for blame and racism among the MAGAs  …
It is the fault of the Chinese tho...  …
Saner climes o And you think its you pipu that can manage 1000 ventilated patients? I laugh in Chinese. Lets focus on aggressive prevention in Africa. 1. Surveillance/contact tracing 2. Handwashing/awareness 3. Testing isolation 4. Social distancing  …
i miss chinese food.
The governor said the Chinese government was sending the ventilators as the state faces a shortage of medical equipment amid the coronavirus pandemic. 
1000 ventilators donated from China arrived in JFK airport New York Today. @NYGovCuomo expressed thanks for the donation of much-needed supplies from Tsai Foundation with Chinese government providing convenience. 
What have the Chinese ever done for us? NOODLES gun powder Sars/HINI/Mers/bat flu X corruption X spitting/coughing X bad manners X cancellation of religion X erosion of western values X
Remember the CDC is basically run by the Chinese! And remember stockpiles of masks have been discovered. Yet now the CDC is showing us how to make cloth face masks ... hijabs!   …
"Some of @Zoom_US's key mgmt systems—5 of 73—seem to be located in #China, w/rest in the US. Interestingly, the Chinese servers are at least sometimes used for #Zoom chats that have no nexus in China" Not an optimal biz model @micahflee  …
My twitter account was created in 2013 and have 2000 followers. I often criticize "western media coverage of China", but no one paid me any "50 cents". In fact, the "50-cent army" is just your imagination. More and more Chinese people can't bear your lies. You, a fake news maker.  …
This is the most personal essay I have written and the most angry and upset I have felt about anti-chinese racism for a sec. I think it’s important to know how badly Asian people are hurting right now, and the history of being treated like we are diseased  …
Chinese citizens can’t make virus. This virus only can be made in military lab by CCP. 
While Adam Schiff was conducting a politically motivated impeachment witchhunt, the coronavirus was spreading from China. What if Schiff used his time on the  to investigate the Chinese back in October November December? Might we not be in this situation today?  …
ICYMI: Sen. @marcorubio schools MSNBC anchor @SRuhle when she can't understand "why on Earth" Rubio would dare to "call out journalism" when some journalists are spreading  propaganda. 
Are you paid by the Chinese government?
President Trump Chinese Wuhan Virus Update VP Pence could also beat @JoeBiden in a debate blindfolded and with both hands tied behind his back.
Numerous reason including the fact that the chairman of the Health Committee on the NY City Council told everyone  to the Chinese celebration in late Feb, a month after Trump stopped flights from China to USA. I wonder how many people became infected at this one event.
Names that make sense: Chinese Virus (origin location) Wuhan Coronavirus (specific origin location) CCP Virus (this is the Communists' fault) Instead, WHO called it "COVID-19." Why? Because the World Health Organization is controlled by the Chinese Communist Party.
I posted this yesterday - I must be psychic. ..."Now that the death toll in Britain has overtaken China, every government statement and news bulletin will start saying the Chinese faked their numbers, are to blame etc..."
The brutality Italy has suffered is entirely on China! The Chinese demanded Italy not close flights to & from China! Or else! Northern Italy has many business ties with China! China demands on open travel exposed millions of Italians to death!  …
Oh, you mean CHINA? The Chinese Virus. Now, i've got it.  …
He's literally declaring we're no longer allies of the US by  Chinese espionage into the country.
"In fact, Trump has consistently praised Chinese President Xi Jinping despite warnings from U.S. intelligence and health officials that Beijing was concealing the true scale of the outbreak and impeding cooperation on key fronts."  …
The Chinese government is doing more to help New York than the Trump administration  …
Shameless Chinese propaganda. They have twisted original video 
Code for Chinese 5G that will kill far more than CV. Appropriations Chair Lowey: ‘We Can Build a More Resilient Economy’ by Investing in ‘Smart, Safe Infrastructure’  …
China let the Chinese Coronavirus out on purpose; to see how fast, how far & how many deaths...before they let out the BIG ONE. YOU BETTER BE READY PEOPLE. SOMETHING BIGGER IS COMING, & SOON. China isnt done yet...of THAT you can be assured. Cripple the world; you OWN IT.
Looks like a seizure or drugs or some other crazy Chinese thing , why is everything thought to be covid
KING DONALD WILL DESTROY THIS CHINESE VIRUS. MAGA
Sad to report that this was predicted to happen: "Why did Ecuador’s tallest waterfall suddenly disappear?"  … ...back in 2010, as we reported at that time: "Ecuador’s tallest waterfall to be destroyed by Chinese dam"  
My freshman roommate in college was Chinese-American, so I had the privilege of learning the culture. In fact, she’s still one of my closest friends to this day! Diversity makes America great.  …
I’m racist because I’m not shocked that the Chinese government lied? Screw you, bot.  …
We never hear from Chinese people support or applaud their gov't's efforts at containing the outbreak, only the voices that bolster Westerners' preconceptions of China or that can be cynically used to achieve imperialist political objectives  …
"Uyghurs are not considered human by the Chinese government," says an engineer who helped build surveillance tools in China — which he says the Communist regime uses to gather data on the Uyghur Muslim population. Tune in or stream “China Undercover" 4/7.  
Chinese people observe quiet Tomb-sweeping Day amid 
Lisa is now the Kpop Girl Group Member with the most copies raised by Chinese fans (61.1K) surpassing her SISTER Jennie *Do not fight in the replies please let’s just celebrate that our queens are killing it* 
Chinese bureaucrats in Wuhan and elsewhere have been forced to lie about the rates of #coronavirus infection and death tolls, as reporting numbers that are too high leads to their punishment, dismissal, or 
Chinese have mastered western psychology and how to manipulate/outsmart them.  …
I kept this article. He’s been arrested today!! Harvard professor arrested for conspiring with Chinese spies to smuggle “biological material”  China  …
A lot going on in this, but one thing I wanna point out is that Chinese ppl are so dehumanized in the west, that the only way they can ever be seen as fully human is if they speak out against their gov’t, if their stories can be used to support our own hawkish stance toward China 
Masks in America: President Donald Trump said the Centers for Disease Control had decided to  Americans wear cloth masks in public to protect against the Chinese coronavirus. 
A state-controlled Chinese investor is trying to seize control of Imagination Technologies Group, the British chip designer – sparking fears that its prized intellectual property assets could disappear from the UK 
This is a really good story by @ourobororoboruo about the vetting and logistics work being done, as well as why so many Chinese people are wary of raising attention for their efforts.  …
"The Chinese government has donated a thousand ventilators to New York after the state warned it would run out of the equipment within a week as the death toll from coronavirus continued to climb." How pathetic the US federal government looks!  …
Whoever sides with the revolutionary people in deed as well as in word is a revolutionary in the full sense. -Mao Zedong Closing speech at the Second Session of the First National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (June 23, 1950).
Took a Chinese Pandemic to bring it down ... Pretty amazing really.
Grateful to Prof. Linzhao and his Chinese colleagues.  …
President Trump Chinese Wuhan Virus Update Reporter: @JoeBiden just wrote a tweet President Trump: He didn't write that, he has Democrat operatives write for him. He can't write
‘The Chinese government is going to facilitate a donation of 1,000 ventilators that  into JFK today,' New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said  
Chinese President Xi Allowed 5 Million Out Of Wuhan  
I can still remember the Chinese govt was strongly opposed to the travel ban in January. They still allowed the Chinese travel around the world after the outbreak. They are responsible for this crisis!
sometimes I wonder if the democrats are Chinese -- both lie constantly.
Dr. Tam holds a prominent position with the Chinese regime-influenced WHO, headed by regime patsy @DrTedros. Minister @PattyHajdu is praised by an editor of a Beijing propaganda rag. Both lead the Canadian response to #COVID19. How is this remotely appropriate?  …
Chinese authorities have blood on their hands!
NY Gov. Cuomo: "The Chinese government is going to facilitate a donation of 1,000 ventilators that  into JFK today." 
Important reminder: if the government ever resorted to Chinese-style tactics and moved to BOLT you permanently inside your house... remember that the media would 100% volunteer to brandish that welder.
Since Chinese authorities disclosed the outbreak of a mysterious pneumonia-like illness, later revealed to be the coronavirus, to international health officials on New Year’s Eve, at least 430,000 people arrived in the U.S. on direct flights from China 
Are you stereotyping about Covid-19? Let me help! There was a time when Asians—Chinese ones from Wuhan—were the main disease vectors, but that was brief and in the past. Now, it's Jews from NYC, but lordy, don't say so. It'll be Evangelicals and libertarians in the South soon.
"Yay. The Chinese virus ruined the good fortune of Americans. That'll teach them! #OrangeManBad" -Washington Post #EnemyOfThePeople
Cardinal Bo: "Through its inhumane and irresponsible handling of the coronavirus, the Chinese Communist Party has proven what many previously thought: that it's a threat to the world. [It] is responsible for the pandemic sweeping through our streets today"  …
President Trump Chinese Wuhan Virus Update Reporter: why isn't there a federal stay at home order President Trump: because there is little thing called the Constitution
WTH...Wrong! Trump closed our Border between China and US in January...you called Trump a Xenophobe.. since then you’ve backtracked! Nancy was in SF inviting Americans to Chinese New Years during an outbreak! Did you have another Brain Freeze? #bidenhasdementia
Chinese government : STOP THE CHINESE WET MARKETS - Sign the Petition!  via @Change
News Analysis #Chinese coffeehouse chain #LuckinCoffee announced it had “fabricated” hundreds of millions of dollars in sales figures after an internal investigation. This #Fraud is a huge blow for one of #China’s most marketable and popular  …
REVEALED: Soros Invested Heavily in Chinese Biotech Research Company with Facility in Wuhan that Researches Respiratory Models and Infectious Disease  …
ARRESTED! Charles Lieber the Head of Chemistry and Biology Depart at Harvard Paid by China to set up Research lab Also 2 Chinese Nationals 1 A Lieutenant in the Peoples Liberation Army of China 1 Smuggling vials of biological Material to China 
Chinese Envoy Disputes U.S. Intel Reports Alleging China Hid COVID-19 Cases  … #OANN 
Analysis of Chinese movie box office revenues shows that lockdowns won’t be lifted overnight, and life may take many months to return to normal. Restrictions will be released bit by bit, only to be reinstated wholly or in part as infections pick up again  …
U.K. cabinet minister: "300 news ventilators arrived from China, I'd like to thank the Chinese government." 
I will singlehandedly keep every Chinese restaurant in business during this quarantine I wish to eat nothing else
when on this curve did all the i fucking love science people tell us we should hug chinese people, that masks don't work, the chloroquine should be illegal, and that the us was at no risk from coronavirus?  …
Andrew Yang's op-ed has understandably pissed off a lot of Asians who know this concept of "americanness" is not and will never be available to us. a while back i wrote about my pops, a chinese restaurant dude, his accent, and this "American" lie.  …
#100Ways is #2 on Chinese Billboard in its second week of tracking | 
The same Chinese government that trump praised? Yeah  …
"The famine is over, we have enough food for everyone, you can stop eating rats and dogs" Chinese people: 
“Chinese Embassy, we want to go home!” #Beijing suddenly canceled most of the international flights into #China beginning on March 29, causing many overseas #Chinese to get stranded on their return trip.  …
Working on my rat tail to honor the small Chinese boy in the Thai airport  …
I’m tired of cooking these quarantine meals... running out of ideas too ordering some Chinese food tonight! What’s for dinner y’all? Check out my IG Quarantine stories if y’all need some ideas on quick meals
Nigeria Owes More Money to China Than Any Other Country. Despite our huge population, natural resources or arid agricultural land, we are indebted to China, that in 50 years  we can't pay up. Pic 1. Handing over Nigeria to China. Pic 2. Nigerians serving Chinese after 
#WuhanCoronavius Request to billionaires in US. Many of our universities and research institutions receive funding from China. Not just IP theft & Nat Sec issues - we see their stranglehold on us. Please donate to universities and let us throw Chinese funding out of our Unis
Nasty virus, probably originated in Chinese bio lab, need to be careful but closing everything is way overdone.
#China's Communist Party, in addition to dominating those it considers "Chinese" in #HongKong and #Taiwan, seeks to eliminate racial and ethnic minorities inside its borders. And it will seek to rule the rest of the world. Its insidious campaign is slow but murderous  …
Shorter Trump: It's the media's fault. It's Obama's fault. It's the Democrats' fault. It's the governors' fault. It's our allies' fault. It's the Chinese . . .
It’s no longer a secret they Democrats & the deep state are now working hand in hand with the Chinese govt. to take down America. China lied, killed doctors who tried to warn the world & allowd this virus to spread but now they are the heroes according to these traitors.  …
The Irony Is Unbelievable !!!China gives the World the Coronavirus, Chinese Virus, Rona, whatever you want to call it that’s killing people around the World and The UN puts them on the ‘Human Rights Panel’. Go Figure #KAG #UN #KAG2020  …
COVID-19: Resident Doctors Kick Against FG’s Plan To Invite Chinese Medical Experts  
You mean the same Chinese govt. that lied to the world & allowed their people to fly around the world infecting everyone. The same Chinese govt. that killed the brave doctors that tried to warn the world? 
In Sydney, Australia in front of the Chinese Consulate.. He is not spreading hatred, he is hurt, he is frustrated and he is desperate seeing his motherland and people suffer for no fault but because of an utter selfish agenda of  China. 
Biggest Lie Trump Ever Told His Voters 430,000 People Have Traveled From China to U.S. Since Coronavirus Surfaced. Flights from China never stopped, folks. And the 300k students from China got back from Chinese New Year, to class with your kids  …
"You're a conspiracy theorist!" —guy who believes the Chinese Communist Party is telling the truth  …
If there’s one thing we can all agree on after the Chinese Virus, it’s that Bill Gates is one of the sketchiest people out there
The Zoom meeting software is being exposed for their privacy violations, including keeping their encryption keys in Chinese servers allowing China to snoop on users:  …
Timing? Chinese  wants to relocate major British tech asset it bought a few years ago to China. Shades of #Kuka? Wake-up call for #Britain? Why now during this virus crisis? #CaymanIslands @nickshaxson @rbsw  … @KaanSahinDe
Being Asian-American, specifically Chinese-American, is a huge part of who I am. Despite all the hatred, prejudice, bias, xenophobia, racism, whatever nasty words you want to call it...I’ve never been prouder to be Phenomenally Asian . 
Wings three ways. Using @TheSmokeyCarter Texas Ranch, @AngusandOink Buffalo Soldier and Chinese Takeaway Salt and Pepper Chilli rub. Cooked on the Weber kettle and finished with a deep fry in a lodge skillet. 
You mean the #Chinese virus that allegedly originated in #China? #ChinaVirus #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChineseCoronaVirus #ChineseVirus Oh and by the way... #NancyLiedPeopleDied Photo of Nancy in #chinatown on 2/24 inviting the public to join 
Massachusetts’s republican governor finally got 1 million masks by asking a favor of a billionaire friend & getting special dispensation from the Chinese govt. We shouldn’t need billionaires pulling off international hail marys to get critical supplies.  …
That's why I was so mad when Americans first started to "honor" Li Wenliang. Before his death, Americans were going off about "backward Chinese culture & society", justifying the virus. The only Chinese people they care about are those they can use to push their anti-China agenda  …
A bureau chief at a Chinese state media publication called Canadian Health Minister Patty Hajdu a “role model” after she defended China’s coronavirus data.  …
Nigeria army Chinese-made CS/VP3 bigfoot MRAP. 
I don’t have enough words to describe my anger & frustration towards 45 - despicable, unthinking turd who fuels this hate: “The suspect indicated that he stabbed the family because he thought the family was Chinese, and infecting people with coronavirus”  …
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said these estimates are “shameless.” Canada's Health Minister Patty Hadju says they're "conspiracy theories." Here's the Washington Post:  …
In Chinese tradition, today is 清明节, an occasion to go sweep the tombs of your ancestors to show remembrance and respect for those we've lost that came before us. Man, I can't think of a more fitting holiday than this one rn.
The #Chinese Spring Offensives of 2020 Regaining every inch of ground once ruled by imperial China is central to the dream President #XiJinping exhorts Chinese to embrace. Miss an opportunity and China’s dream might  true A good read  …
Dear America some of those idiots here in #Canada are blaming you and blaming your president for what the f*cking Chinese government did to the world by shutting down and killing the whistle blowers, please forgive them they only represent themselves... 
With friends like these, Minister Hadju, your already tarnished credibility is going to collapse. The guy's the EU bureau chief for China Daily, directly owned by the Publicity Department of the Chinese Communist Party. You're *his* "role model."  …
Another terrorist attack here in S France earlier today leaves two dead others wounded. It is a grim reminder that the West has a mammoth task ahead of it to rebuild its defenses. Once out of this Chinese virus crisis the West must sort out who are its friends and it’s enemies.
Congratulations to the Chinese government. This is a new level of scumbaggery previously thought to be unattainable. Bravo. #COVID19 #Italia  …
When it’s xenophobic and contributing to a stigma and the blatant racism Chinese people are experiencing, I’d argue it shouldn’t have been posted in the first place & should be taken down ASAP
The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) has cautioned the Federal Government over the decision of to bring Chinese doctors to assist Nigeria to fight coronavirus.  …
PUBLIC NOTICE - BRACKETS - PRIZES! "National Pandemic Biggest America-Hater Championship - Play In Round" To add a little fun to our stay-at-home quarantines ... to fight the Wuhan China COVID-19 Chinese Coronavirus, AND because ... (more) 
Chinese biological attack on our economy in conjunction with deep state actors who hope collapsing economy will get rid of their nemesis, @realDonaldTrump . Will not work. We support him more now than ever! Virus is real. Be safe.
all i want is chinese food
Unbelievable. The Communist Chinese regime does not value human rights. Look no further than their response to the coronavirus that originated in Wuhan and exploded into a pandemic.  …
These btec Chinese chow meIn wasn’t it man fumin 
Chinese government : STOP yulin festival! - Sign the Petition!  via @Change
You're right there's more. The Professor that was arrested at the University had Chinese nationals smuggle bioweapon to & from china & America. He got busted and ratted out bill Gates He's been under investigation since. Tonight at 10pm David Wilcox YT 2 days ago. MORE COMING 
This headline is the understatement of the year. My law firm has literally never seen a  accounting that was not faked. NEVER. #LuckinCoffee #luckin  …
China's ancient tomb-sweeping festival changed this year, especially in Wuhan. Chinese authorities have told residents to watch cemetery staff perform rites via online streaming  
That Chinese manufacturing was brought to a virtual standstill by the coronavirus underscores the vulnerability of global supply chains, writes @shannonkoneil. In response, businesses and policymakers must strengthen supply chains, not shut them 
Tell me again - that the Chinese did not do it & have manufactured an Anti- Virus they are keeping to them selves  …
 in the U.K. must be protected against any plans from the Chinese on takeovers. We must never ever allow the Chinese to get their hands on our Tech Industry and we must ensure an end to their stealing and pirating of our ideas.  …
The Chinese government is sending the US state of New York 1,000 ventilators
Anyone ever wonder how this might have all gone done if the president of the United States hadn't spent January spewing  government propaganda about COVID-19?
Homemade Chinese 
REVEALED: Soros Invested Heavily in Chinese Biotech Research Company with Facility in Wuhan that Researches Respiratory Models and Infectious Disease  … #qanon
#Lunch: pork egg rolls & ribeye fried rice. #food #cooking #homecooking #asianfood #chinese 
“There are divisions within the Chinese govt now on whether to keep a strict ban, or eventually loosen it up,”. It seems like it’s just a matter of time before the markets are reopened.  …
Probably all infected with the Chinese virus.
Nigeria is about to hire Chinese doctors
#GOP once thought only Chinese citizens could catch #COVID2019 ..told @FoxNews Trump protected US cuz the 85 a day landing from China only filled with blue USA passports [which they believed = immunity to coronavirus]? Can’t fix stupid, don’t hire them to work 4 
NOT the Chinese, their government. It's always the government not the people.
Imagination losing control to state-controlled Chinese investor despite Apple deal, UK officials ...  … by 
Chinese government using this crisis as a soft power opportunity >>>
chinese cat: mao swedish cat: mjäu american cat: some people must die in order to protect the economy
@IlhanMN is not fulfilling her constitutional duty! She refuses 2defend #America, she is spreading #Chinese #propaganda talking points, & she wants to end sanctions on #Iran! Her actions are anti-American & I am sending a petition 2Congress 3have her censured. 
We fell asleep in one world, and woke up in another. Suddenly Disney is out of magic, Paris is no longer romantic, New York doesn't stand up anymore, the Chinese wall is no longer a fortress, and Mecca is empty. Hugs & kisses suddenly  weapons...
Amazing how they were all calling it this & the China Wuhan Virus until  Chinese told them to stop or no more paychecks
Had a Zoom con-call with folks across 4 continents - all in countries with strict lock-downs (except 1 guy in Mexico) 'survival experiences' seemed to be very similar irrespective of geography Of course the Chinese guy confidently explained how USA is to blame for all this
Can we seize Chinese assets, businesses and properties in the United States to offset the cost of this economic shutdown?! There must be consequences for their actions, deceit and distortion of the data.  …
Africa just keep your borders close. Stay safe. I'm more worried about Chinese connection of Africa. Many are in debt trap of Chinese also many Chinese projects there too. Don't let money hamper your response against virus.
Many of us feel the same. We just don’t caught on camera. This Aussie Cowboy is fed up, at the Chinese Consulate.  …
Chinese dude in December : Chalo homies chimghadar khatay ha
It’s really fascinating to see how controversial this masking issue has  in the West, especially as a Chinese person with family in Asia where masking has long been the norm and everyone is just very about it  …
Wuhan's virus or Chinese virus in my personal opinion not facts was created to stop Hong Kong protesters, stop President Trump from winning, shrink GDP, exceed low Unemployment, job losses and bring down the stock market.
The article makes no mention of China or Chinese people. The majority of experts agree that the COVID-19 outbreak was likely caused by eating a Horseshoe Bat. Your accusation of racism in this article is baseless and sinful.
Dear scholars : pls the word ‘Hoax’ ... is it English, German, Chinese, Russian, Yoruba, French, Spanish, broken, Swahili, Patua, Marathi or ?? what does it actually mean and what is the opposite of a ‘Hoax’ if the word actually exist’ ??? Can a ‘Hoax’ be real ?!
So the Chinese were right , the virus was manufactured by the US & used to attack them ??
I wonder how many American citizens came in to the United States in January not just from China. This was being spread in Jan here and not by Chinese. Likely many who had no knowledge they had it.
To all the other Chinese kids out there, stay strong and try not to let your moms horribly false wechat advice drive you to drink more than you already are. S2g our moms could somehow argue dr fauci into a corner, armed with just strong vocal chords and absolutely no science
Cuomo: New York will take 1,000 ventilators from Chinese government  
I refuse to allow CBS Radio to broadcast their Chinese propaganda on @KWAMTheVoice. I'm proud to announce we are now a @SRNNews affiliate.  
The ones who cry victim on the tl about racism are always the first ones to make jokes about chinese people
"Huawei is not a normal  it is an extension of the Chinese surveillance state" #cdnpoli via @StephenHarper Full interview:  
Video footage from my hometown Sydney Australia outside Chinese Embassy. This is what  China We aren’t putting up with CCP anymore  …
You're not even using all the ventilators you have. Let alone the federal stockpile. The U.S. navy hospital ship is still 98% empty. But you'll give the Chinese dictatorship this propaganda victory?  …
Wuawei is an extension of the Chinese Communist Party. True story. So why haven't the Trudeau Liberals banned Huawei from Canadian  Why are Bell and Telus forging even closer relationships with the CCP?  …
If she a chinese; Do you eat bat?  …
The Chinese Nightingale, 1920 #maxernst 
As the stock market is falling, does anybody suspect that  are gobbling up US stock while the prices are low? An underhanded attempt by a corrupt and opportunistic regime to take advantage of our vulnerable economy? Wouldn’t put it past ‘em...
The Hong Kong government’s proposed amendment to the Fugitive Offenders and Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Legislation Bill in February 2019 has thrown the Chinese territory into its largest legitimacy crisis since 1997. 
Take a listen! Your data is collected through Tik Tok by the Chinese Communist Party.  …
B.A. in Mandarin Chinese and Business Management vinsethephotographer  – at Florida State University
In 1973, China had an excess of females and offered the U.S. 10 million Chinese women.
This virus has thus far been magically imbued with racist, misogynistic and xenophobic characteristics. Add Islamophobic to that list. The only thing apparently this virus isn't is Chinese. 
WUHAN CHINESE is not a Race of people BUT IS THE EPICENTER OF A PANDEMIC FOR CARONA VIRIS. GET LIFE AND A CLUE STAN
DID YOU KNOW WERE IN A PLANDEMIC? IT WAS PLANNED BY EUGENICIST BILLIONAIRE BILL GATES, NIAID DIR DR. FAUCIE, WHO DIR GEN TEDROS ADHAMON & THE CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY! THAT’S WHY THEY DONT APPROVE OF HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE! IT STOPS THEIR PLANDEMIC COLD.  …
You’re thanking the Chinese gov for sending you a fraction of the ventilators POTUS did yet you lambasted Trump. Only to find you were hoarding ventilators later  
In recent days Chinese diplomats have worked with governors to help get ventilators to NY and masks to Massachusetts — the latter part of an effort to avoid the US govt seizing another shipment of supplies  …
"Wake up Australia, Death to Communism...No more sh*t from China" An Australian cow boy angry over #Corona curses China and its Communist Regime outside Chinese Embassy in Sydney. 
No one should be surprised that the media that spent 2 years selling Russia conspiracy theories is currently working overtime to sell a new political spin and conspiracy theories--even Chinese disinformation--about this pandemic.
I will agree. I read that in early March, Border Patrol stopped 17 Chinese nationals attempting to cross the border into the U.S. And that is why we shouldn't have open borders. We have to know who  in here. And why hasn't this virus hit Beijing or Shanghai????
The Feds keep seizing PPE ordered by MA. In desperation the MA Gov creates a backchannel to Chinese ambassador to the UN and has the New England Patriots send a jet to pick the PPE up and finally get it to MA hospitals. #Nurembergtrials
“To slowly instill in the public's mind the narrative of '0 new cases'. It doesn't matter if the public believes it or not at first; they just constantly repeat it until the lies  the truth.” A former Chinese reporter reveals why Beijing sent 300 reporters to 
The governor said the Chinese government was sending supplies as it faces a shortage of critical medical equipment. 
Chinese is not a race
Until late Jan, the WHO was still claiming the virus was not contagious.. On Feb 1st, Trump closed our border to China & Iran... Democrats & the Fake New went crazy.. While Cuomo refused to close his airports, Iranians & Chinese infecting his City... But it's Trump's fault..!  …
REVEALED: Soros Invested Heavily in Chinese Biotech Research Company with Facility in Wuhan that Researches Respiratory Models and Infectious Disease! @gatewaypundit This Research Company is where the Wuhan Coronavirus originated! Have NO doubt. @SenTomCotton is right!
COVID-19: What Chinese experts  to do in Nigeria – FG 
Now the Governor is thanking the Chinese Government that lied to the entire world for all of their “help”  …
Chinese online education unicorn Yuanfudao just raised a $1 billion at a valuation of $7.8 billion, making it one of the most valuable  in China. EdTech is attracting more investment globally amid COVID-19 pandemic.  … #DEV @lenovoeducation
What’s for dinner tonight folks? I am actually ordering Chinese takeout (in honor of their country spokesman blocking me) - I did make homemade cookies and cream ice cream for dessert plus some guacamole for our Wrestlemania treat. You? :)
Pretty much every Virologist disagrees, but Bloomberg is chasing the Chinese Yen and thus is happy to publish this dangerous nonsense by  reporter. And they wonder why respect for the MSM is collapsing...
The Chinese government is facilitating a donation of 1,000 ventilators to New York State, Gov. Andrew Cuomo said 
Twitter allows Chinese propaganda gaslighting the US in the midst of a Chinese originated crisis. Twitter censors accurate statements about gender, certain politicians and famous people, and medical remedies for coronavirus. Twitter hides behind CDA 230. Time to revisit that.  …
I don't know who wrote this, but it's beautiful: ... We fell asleep in one world, and woke up in another. Suddenly Disney is out of magic, Paris is no longer romantic, New York doesn't stand up anymore, the Chinese wall is no longer a fortress, and Mecca is empty.
Missing the Chopt Chinese Chicken Bowl so I made my own. 
We have distributed over 1.7 million Personal Protective Equipment. I am grateful to the Long Island Chinese American Association for the donation of 20,000 ear loop masks. The people of Suffolk County are grateful for their generosity.
Chinese national flag flies at half-mast at Chinese embassies in Sub-Saharan African countries to mourn for martyrs who died fighting the COVID-19  who lost their lives in the outbreak  
LMFAOOOO the whitest girl ive ever met calls me chinese when im indonesian and white but she goes on abt how her great great great grandfather was native
So why aren't the Chinese any good at Cricket??? 
#School lesson promotes anti- #Trump, #Chinese #propaganda Exclusive: Todd Starnes shares info a teacher sent 8th graders about #coronavirus  … #QAnon #QAnon2018 #QAnon2020 #DemocratsHateAmerica #ChineseCoronavirus #MSMhatesAmerica 
. @govkristinoem are you kidding me?!?! "The people themselves are primarily responsible for their safety." She also pointed to the state and national constitutions that "prevent us from taking draconian measures much like the Chinese government has done." SHUT THINGS DOWN!
No matter how angry or frustrated you get about the pandemic, please do not spread posts or memes against Asians. As someone  from a mixed Mexican-Chinese family, and my boyfriend is Chinese-American it puts loved ones at serious risk of violence.
More Britons have died of coronavirus than in China as UK toll soars Feel either the Chinese can't count or a fcuking liars. What's you're thoughts? 
Coronavirus isn’t an excuse to display xenophobia and racism towards the  Some of the ‘jokes’ I’m seeing on Twitter aren’t even funny. They’re just mad ignorant.
Americans no longer see any difference between the Communist Chinese and the Democrats. Democrats would burn the US to the ground if they could rule over the ashes.
Would you accept free masks from a Chinese girl? Paxstanis did. #CKMKB Rt for No and Like for 
Today we have flown in 300 life saving ventilators, 33 million masks & 1 million gloves into @DefenceHQ Donnington base for delivery to the NHS. We are working round the clock to procure more. Thank you to our Chinese partners for helping to make this happen. 
HARVARD PROFESSOR CHARLES LIEBER RECEIVED OVER $1M FROM THE CHINESE GOV TO SET UP LAB & WORK AT WUHAN UNIV 2 of his researchers were charged with being foreign agents 1 was in the Chinese Army The other was arrested with 21 vials in his bag at the airport #coronavirus #covid19 
Chinese national flag flies at half-mast on Saturday to mourn for martyrs who died in the fight against #COVID_19 outbreak  died of the disease at Tian'anmen Square in Beijing. 
Cuomo is stockpiling American-made ventilators and importing Chinese-made ventilators. If you're a New Yorker that needs a ventilator, make sure you know which one you're getting.
40,000 people have landed in the US on direct flights from China since Trump’s much-touted Chinese travel ban. It never applied to Americans and has a bunch of other exceptions. It is *pointless!*  …
A startling pattern about the Chinese Coronavirus numbers begins to emerge. They not only suppress actual number of people testing positive, their tests are dangerously inaccurate. So the country that lied about the epidemic also produces tests that lie about it.  …
Ouvjvn I just rewatched vixx's interview w UNIQ and when they were asked to greet their Chinese fans (in chinese) hak said I want to eat vixx 
It would be nice if small-minded racists had the capacity and desire to learn. The problems in the US, are caused by Americans and their lack of hygiene. The Chinese we're able to halt the spread, Americans can't seem to clean up.
The U.S. Intelligence Community concluded that China intentionally misrepresented it’s total cases and deaths. This is Chinese Propaganda.  …
Americans are blessed with updates from President @realDonaldTrump especially NOT related to the Chinese Virus But the Clowns, Cutie Pies, and “Gotchas” dominate the press Q&A Why, for example, are there not more questions regarding American rescue(s) 2 weeks ago?  
We fell asleep in one world, and woke up in another. Suddenly Disney is out of magic, Paris is no longer romantic, New York doesn't stand up anymore, the Chinese wall is no longer a fortress, and Mecca is empty.
The virus did  from a wet market it came from the virology lab in Wuhan. The CCP stopped the spread of the virus to Beijing where the Chinese ruling class live but did not stop the spread out to the rest of the world. It is an election year in the United States.
'The world needs #Taiwan': #coronavirus pandemic gives beleaguered island a chance to turn tables on #China Taiwan’s ability to donate millions of face masks to USA &others allows the beleaguered island to use the pandemic to resist Chinese pressure  …
Shut the fuckup you boot  Your govt lies to you all the time. What's their official position on the Chinese doctor who blew the whistle on all this? Why'd they force him to apologize and say he was wrong?  …
J.P. Morgan Big Data #Shipping Index (BIDSI) for #Chinese outbound incl. domestic flows 
Chinese virus! You need to see this @realDonaldTrump @SecPompeo @DHSgov. @EsperDoD Trudeau asked Xi for a billion masks. He agreed, but only if Trudeau implements 5G through #Huawei. This is WAR! This is an attempted NWO takeover! #QAnon #WWG1WGA  …
Continued... Kevin: X is for xigua, Y is for Yogurt... Scampi: Xigua? Kevin: It’s Chinese for watermelon Scampi: Oh wow Kevin: Why, did you think I was stuck for ideas? Scampi: Yes, I did, what’s next? Kevin: No that’s it, Y is the last letter of the cat alphabet 
Freeze all China’s US assets & those of Communist Chinese Party members; take them to trial for crimes against humanity in the Int’l Criminal Court in The Hague. Get restitution ordered there. Default on debt we owe them. Shun that gov’t.
”I don't like #Trump, but I have to tell the truth.” #Chinese man claims #CCP is torturing his fellow Chinese and destroying his culture. The most dangerous virus in the world is #CCP. #ChinaLiedPeopleDie #COVID2019 #WuhanHealthOrganisation #ChineseBioterrorism 
Hello guys. I want to expose this man. A perpetual scammer. Chinese university drop out with psychopathic behavior. Short story on my Instagram. Frame 4 
Venezuelan officials and Chinese health delegation hold meeting to exchange knowledge and strategies to deal with #COVID19 pandemic in the South American 
Comment for today: 习近平天命已失 — Xi Jinping has already lost the Mandate of Heaven. This means the end of rule is near not only over for Xi but for the reviled Chinese Communist Party
Trump was duped by the Chinese. And Americans are dying. 
Also, in case it's not obvious, I am a Hong Konger. Many of us have been protesting and resisting against the Chinese Communist Party. Here is some basic info about China vs Hong Kong. Thanks  …
Racists are trying to blame COVID-19 on Chinese people touching bats and pangolins, like there wasn't a lethal monkeypox outbreak in the Midwest a few years ago because white people couldn't leave the prairie dogs alone. Zoonosis happens everywhere.  …
The Chinese government caused all of this! #ChinaLiedPeopleDied
British media blames multiple cyclists for not distancing during coronavirus crisis. Chinese media blames origin of coronavirus on one cyclist. Spot the scapegoat?  
Did the Chinese virus preexist & lay in wait for the crisis to be unveiled? UN's $8.7 TRILLION coronavirus plan calls for massive redistribution of the planet’s wealth.  … . @POTUS . @realDonaldTrump #PatriotsAwakened #FlynnFighters #WWG1WGA 
Sounds like Chinese propaganda.  …
When Trump called it the Chinese virus, we heard a deafening roar from the Left, “Stop making this about race. The virus does not discriminate.” But now you instruct us that the epidemic IS about race. Can’t you people make up your mind?  …
“One wonders how much longer Washington will conti­nue fighting the information war against Beijing with one arm tied behind its back. Chinese media enjoy free run of the US, including on Twitter.”  …
Why does there seem to have been a massive influx of Chinese propaganda in our media in the last few days??? And now we're taking vents from them and THANKING their government? Why is no one questioning any of this???  …
The Trump administration knew this  as early as Jan. 3 -- 4 months ago -- but it did nothing. Yes, the Chinese lied to us about its scale and impact. But we knew they were lying at the time, and still we did nothing. They didn't fool us; we fooled ourselves. 1/13
Just overheard some teenager at Walmart say he’s not worried about coronavirus because he “ain’t been coughed on by any Chinese people yet.” I weep for the future.
What do you want to bet Trump and his minions got injections of #Hydroxychloroquine waited three months to see if it worked that's why he touted it that's why he shakes people's hands and flaunts his tests? The Chinese government didn't get it either. #COVID19
Thanks. What is up with all the Chinese flying into YVR during a pandemic? Here is part of the proof.  …
A joke shared among overseas Chinese: in the current game human vs #COVID19, China played first half, the world is playing the second half. Oversea Chinese has been playing the whole game and receiving discrimination in both halves.  …
Gov. Cuomo says Chinese government donated 1,000 ventilators to New York 
I just noted this morning that, for all its dissimulation, *the Chinese gov't* was admitting they knew that asymptomatic people were likely spreading the virus as early as February 1st:  …
While the CIA concluded that the Chinese government doesn’t want to admit the extent of the virus, we’re supposed take the UN Security Council seriously, when one of its members doesn’t know the meaning of human rights and is knowingly deceiving the rest of the world?
Despite the #HongKong government advise against unnecessary travel, some protesters travelled to Peru to spread separatist message. But when Peru announced border closure, they sought help not from allies, but from the Hong Kong Immigration Department and the Chinese embassy. 
#Animals Used In Traditional #Chinese Medicine: A list of #Species threatened by #TCM - TCM was the cause of the death of more than 90% of the #Rhinos in the last 40  …
If this doesn't make you mad, you're not paying attention. WHO also tweeted out Jan 9 that "Chinese authorities have found no clear evidence of human-to-human transmission of Covid-19.  …
"It was the Chinese" - Trump Trump will "contract" coronavirus now. He might even play dead. That would lock this whole place down for the narcs to eat us all.  …
Someone posted that flu and pneumonia deaths had suddenly dropped to nothing in NY. Chinese Flu getting credit now. Lotsa money attached.
 craps in . @news7tamil . @PTTVOnlineNews . @ThanthiTV . @News18TamilNadu are in  about who is the best in sucking upto the Chinese  …
Trump lied about his Feb. 2 order “closing” off travel from China. Since Feb 2 over 40K people flew direct from China, most on Chinese airlines, & 60% were not Americans. The flights continue now. Until the virus is contained, all flights must stop. 
Alongside our Chinese animal activists friends, we have worked tirelessly for years to demand the Chinese government to prohibit the consumptions of dogs. In 2017, our documentary, The 'Road to Yulin … and Beyond'…  …
Coronavirus: Countries reject Chinese-made equipment - BBC News  …
The thing they want most is to help, to save lives, to keep tragedies they've already witnessed in China from repeating. I hope more people can put their preconceptions and politics aside and give these Chinese volunteers the respect they deserve. 3/
As an Asian, obviously I’m against any bigotry associated with COVID. However, criticism of the Chinese governments handling of the situation  different from anti-Chinese racism. I don’t need people telling me what I should be offended by.
Rf if you hate chinese food #SidheartsProudOfSid
#Iran, despite severe Western sanctions, was the 1st country to send #COVID2019 aid to #China & express support instead of pointing fingers. Now we're pleased to say that the Chinese people,  & government have sent 28 aid cargos to Iran so far! 
Nets owner Joe Tsai and the Chinese government helped facilitate the donation of 1,000 ventilators to New York that will arrive at JFK airport. 
Damn... if Chinese fans cannot stream on platforms they used to use and most of intl cannot access to it why blame us ? Korean nctzens are streaming on their owns platforms, we are streaming on our own platforms, that it, i hope the yearbook project will pursue  …
If Adam and Eve were chinese we would of been in paradise because they would of ignored the apple and eaten the snake.
An Aussie vents his anger on China outside the Chinese embassy in Sydney. . @Symbianian . @HLKodo . @_sekhah . @kuruviyaar . @Aatreyaa . @SaffronDalit . @serukku . @manin_kaavi . @arvinth_e . 
In the 20th century,  killed 45m people. Question: Have they have upped their game in the 21st century?
In my first piece for ⁦ @qz⁩ I wrote about the meticulous infrastructure of Chinese donation efforts within the US amidst growing anti-Chinese sentiments, and how different Chinese volunteers feel about the important work they do for   …
Both Chinese and US leadership are promoting mass surveillance and reducing individual liberties as " solutions" to the pandemic. Are they really so different at the end of the day? Who benefits most from the blame game?
A lot of the evidence used for the bioweapons theory involved both US and Chinese government funding sources. If this really is a bioweapon, a theory gaining traction online at least, it is both countries that share the blame, not one or the other. Divide and conquer
“They threaten Beijing will take 'countermeasures' on their behalf? So they aren’t an extension of the #CCP?" The chairman of China's telecom giant #Huawei threatens that if the U.S. doesn’t lift the sanction on  the Chinese regime will retaliate. 
In response to the Chinese Virus, Democrats are fighting to release criminals from jail “to protect them” But in California, a paddleboarder was arrested and thrown in jail “to protect him” #facepalm
...we will be pressing 3 for Chinese.
i’m watching this immediately. gay twitter introduced me to “that ancient chinese gays show (mdzs)” that quickly became an obsession so i know to trust whatever my gay mutuals are vibing with
 built a donation pipeline for Covid-19 supplies to US hospitals 
After the Russian military to the rescue in New York City, now this - courtesy of the Chinese Communist Party  …
When the Chinese  through faster than your own government  …
I'm seeing self-righteous conservatives feverishly tweeting "how do you like Socialism?" LOL. Capitalism led to Communist Chinese domination over our economy. Capitalism led to this collapse. Fools never learn. Pathetic.
If Chinese should taste bread and beans, I’m sure they will stop all these rubbish they eat. How can human being be eating rat, bat, octopus, tortoise, frog and so on and the annoying thing is the excitement on their faces while eating .
Chinese News Network
The news has gotten too bonkers for me to care about. It's just monkeys throwing darts. *THWAP* ...The New England Patriots *THWAP* ...a plague *THWAP* ...and the Chinese ambassador.
Available on the Center for Security Policy website is a definitive timeline -- now 70 pp long -- by Center senior analyst @JMichaelWaller of the Chinese government's deception and cover-up of the coronavirus pandemic. A crucial resource on this crisis. 
The CIA is trying to figure out what China's true number of infected is. It turns out the Chinese government itself might not know because the people in charge of keeping track may be underreporting to protect themselves from punishment by the Xi regime. #COVID2019 
“Permitting thousands of #Chinese, from #Hubei and other regions, to fly abroad to celebrate the #LunarNewYear transformed a Chinese crisis into a global crisis.” - Sophie Boisseau du Rocher ⁦ @IFRI_⁩ ⁦ @IFRI_asie⁩ on  …
China joins UN Human Rights Council Panel That’s Rich A few months ago, a video surfaced of the “Tiger Chair” a torture chair China used on a man who spoke “badly” against the Chinese Police! Very humane of them isn’t it? @UN 
Chinese families should be sweeping graves now. Thousands still haven?t buried those who died of coronavirus. - The Washington Post  …
Why would we ever believe the numbers from the Chinese Communist Party on #coronavirus? Remember how the #CCP first denied, then acknowledged & attempted to justify the fact that they created interment camps for well over 1.5M people? This was last  …
Men from the 65th Rgt Combat Team, 3d Inf Div, a  of Puerto Rican troops, examines US equipment recovered from the Chinese, 20 Apr 51 US Army Signal Corps via @USNatArchives Enhanced by erikthehistorian (erik villard) @USArmyCMH #KoreanWar 
Cuomo just tweeted more praise to the Chinese government than he ever has to our own. #Scum
A Chinese artist creates stunning 1,650ft ladder in the sky with fireworks in tribute to his grandmother 
Besides causing COVID-19, the new coronavirus can also lead to "pink eye," and Chinese researchers say the virus may be spread by tears.  
"Trump has consistently praised Chinese President Xi Jinping despite warnings from U.S. intelligence and health officials that Beijing was concealing the true scale of the outbreak and impeding cooperation on key fronts."
Unconscionable. All air travel from China should have stopped immediately in January w/ #ChinaVirus outbreak. Instead, mayors of Democrat cities urged their citizens to go to Lunar Day events (in NYC) to not stigmatize Chinese.   …
Chinese Government donates 1,000 ventilators to #NewYork #CoronaVirusUSA
"Universities in... Britain, Australia and the United States, have grown increasingly dependent on tuition from Chinese students, a business model that the virus could dismantle... leaving multi-billion dollar holes in their... budgets. 
Udhhav Thackeray led Maharashtra govt granted parole to criminals due to this Chinese virus crisis. One criminal out on parole murdered wife of Maharashtra Police official in Nagpur.  
History question: how did Soviet and  justify the cult of personality stuff for leaders? Like, it seems to fit neatly into the overtly expressed ideology of fascism,  at least nominally shouldn't want a God-like ruler.
The founder of UNN warn you: Don’t use Zoom! It has dark side of co-operation with  party.  …
3 years ago but I wasn't here when this happened but it was so amazing to know how supportive Chinese Peraya was. Hope gmmtv consider this, too.  …
What disinformation has he given that has gotten people killed? Was it telling people to go to the Chinese New Year Festival in SF? No, that was Pelosi. Was it him telling NY they should just go about their lives? No, that was DeBlasio. Think before you speak.
Family friend dropped off some Chinese BBQ outside our door. 
One of the central ironies of American history is that the most despised and feared groups (black slaves, Chinese railroad workers, undocumented immigrants, etc., etc.) have been indispensable to the functioning of the American economy.
Corona's an operation created by the Chinese bourgeois 
Every single Chinese takeout in my area is closed. All the pizza and curry places are open as usual. Really hoping the Chinese ones haven't suffered loss of business due to idiots :/
Why would you trust the Chinese? They lied,sent faulty supplies and started this virus .. you'd support this , I feel sorry for you
I’m seeing a lot of white people in particular being very quick to blame Chinese people or Chinese culture or something else they believe is unique to China for the emergence of COVID-19. But white, rural Australians can also get bat diseases.
"Today 300 new ventilators arrived from China... I'd like to thank the Chinese government" Michael Gove says the UK government has been "working to increase ventilator capacity across the NHS" #torybrexit what happened to the Dyson 
“I don’t get it. We’re allowed to post about other countries’ tragedies, but not photos of our own dead family members,” she wrote, adding that Chinese leaders were trying to ‘whitewash’ the truth about the epidemic.”  …
The Chinese government just overtly took over Imagination Technologies.  … This is what everyone was afraid of when Trump went on his sanctions rampage, now it is inevitable. Nothing good  of this.
So, my American friends, maybe you'd like to know your government seized and kept thousands of Chinese ventilators that a Brazilian governor had purchased to treat patients with Covid-19 and that were going through one of your ports. Nice. Really nice.
Harvard professor charged with lying about Chinese research #SARSCoV2 #coronavirus #CharlesLieber #WMD #CHINA #WUHAN  …
The #Chinese are on another planet and #Indians are India’s worst enemies. The #Chinese are exploiting that. Hope more journalists start questioning. I think it  Rgds
At the end of it all we will find that this Chinese virus has affected least number of vegetarians-- there in lies an interesting story:)) RT
Also Chinese doctors concluded that ventilator alone is not the effective method to save patients. Check this article below  
thinking of that time my mom wanted to take me to lunch and asked “is chinese ok or are you bottoming later?” 
"Trump has consistently praised Chinese President Xi Jinping despite warnings from U.S. intelligence and health officials that Beijing was concealing the true scale of the outbreak and impeding cooperation on key fronts."
Tell me a social media app that doesn't. They should go sit down. They are pressed its owned by a Chinese.
South Dakota Gov. Kristi Noem hasn't locked down her state: "The people themselves are primarily responsible for their safety." She also pointed to the state and national constitutions that "prevent us from taking draconian measures much like the Chinese government has done."
Our debt has skyrocketed thanks to China's  and deceitful handling of the #coronavirus outbreak. Is it time to drop the #China Bond Bomb, and call in ~$1T worth of debt the #CCP Chinese never made good on?  … #ChinaMustPay 
When Manhattan was first reporting breakouts, the media used images of random Chinese people in Flushing. When China donates vital equipment, they use a photo of Cuomo? 
Gov. Cuomo said the Chinese government has facilitated a donation of 1000 ventilators that are expected to arrive at JFK Airport today. He thanked @joetsai1999 @JackMa and Consul General Huang  …
Please, stay together with Bolsonaro on this fight. The left wing and fake news press are chinese virus fans.
I often get game  in DMs, and a few days ago I got a random DM that said " This is made by One chinese dev, I think you will like this " for a game by @FYQD_Studio called Bright Memories I just tried it and WOW   …
No other country as handled this Chinese Virus more efficiently than PM Modi did #ModiTheWorldLeader
It’s sort of amazing to see journos on both *sides* refuse to admit the origins of NYCs outbreak could be traced to areas with a high population of Chinese residents. Aside from circumstantial evidence (Elmhurst Hospital, news reports dating back to January, etc) it makes sense  …
Rosé is now the 4th Kpop Girl Group Member with the most copies raised by Chinese fans with 26.3K copies surpassing IZ*ONE’s Sakura JenChuLiChaeng now own Top 4 #YGWhereIsBLACKPINK #BLACKPINK1YearOfHiatus #블랙핑크_공백기_1주년 @ygent_official @ygofficialblink 
Chinese state media regularly tweet propaganda and what many describe as “fake news”. Global Times has 1.7 million followers on Twitter; Xinhua, 12.6 million; People’s Daily, 7.1 million; China Daily, 4.3 million; and CGTN, 14 million.  …
Cuomo: i for one  our new Chinese overlords!
France President Macron asked Chinese President XI for 1 Billion masks. Axis replied “We’ll give you 1Billion masks if you promise to implement Huawei into the 5G Network.” Huawei in 5G will enable China to massively SPY on whatever Country has it. Huawei +5G is bad. China? 
Panic buy toilet roll. Set fire to phone masts. Ignoring social distancing. Racism directed at Chinese people. NHS badges stolen. Can’t escape the fact that there are some unpleasant and stupid people in this country.
Hahah Yes it has changed the perception and not for the better. The Chinese government and sheep that follow are now hated by the world.
And here are a few more if you want to start pointing fingers at someone other than the Chinese Govt. 
What the hell????? Sorry I’m not having anything to do with China. It’s  authoritarian regime that lied people died. Added to the fact the Chinese are incredibly cruel to animals so it’s a #boycott from me  …
"Trump has consistently praised Chinese President Xi Jinping despite warnings from U.S. intelligence and health officials that Beijing was concealing the true scale of the outbreak and impeding cooperation on key fronts."
India and Japan, including their media, are attacking China as well. Though to be clear, it is the Chinese Communist Government we should all be pissed at, not the Chinese people.
- Even as recently as the 1980s, the city's black and   ostracised from LFC, as relayed in the book 'Out Of His Skin'  …
Chinese Communist to be held accountable  …
The CCP exercises near hegemonic stranglehold on Chinese internet, which is significantly different from that worldwide. Most social media is banned. It employs 2 million people in its internet police force. You don't do those things if you routinely tell the truth.
Ignoring Chinese, whose figures can’t be trusted, the depressing thing is how close all the other lines are, despite different approaches. South Korea is the only outlier.  …
Instead of being transparent, China lied to the world about the severity of the Coronavirus outbreak. The result: scores of senseless deaths. We need legislation that holds the Chinese government accountable for the agony they’ve wreaked on the world. 
In the Chinese cut they just replace her character model with a vending machine.
Cuomo: New York will take 1,000 ventilators from Chinese government  
An Aussie guy in front of the Chinese consulate in Sydney in Australia. 
The Chinese government is doing more to save lives in New York than the United States federal government. Let that sink in.  …
How is it possible that the Chinese government is doing more for Americans than the Trump Administration?  …
"During the first half of Jan, when Chinese officials were underplaying the severity of the outbreak, no travelers from China were screened for potential exposure to the virus...By [mid Jan], about 4,000 people had already entered the United States directly from Wuhan".  …
Australian politicians launch brutal attack on the Chinese Communist Party for 'failing to contain the coronavirus' #CCP #COVID19 
Eastern Samar Governor Ben Evardone said he has alerted national government authorities to bar the entry of a vessel allegedly carrying Chinese nationals to the province’s Homonhon Island 
The incident marks the second time in less than a year a Vietnamese fishing vessel has been reportedly sunk near the Chinese-controlled Paracels. ... The PRC version sounds suspiciously like the claim a US P-3 flew into a Chinese jet.  …
India's Bar association has filed a case against the Chinese regime for crimes against humanity in UNHRC! I never thought such an initiative  out of India. I am Proud of the lawyers behind this! The free world should rally behind this brave Indian effort. #ChinaMustPay
my therapist told me the chinese character opportunity/crisis thing yesterday and this is an opportunity to look for a new therapist
Wow. After Jared Kushner tells the states that they the federal stockpile is off-limits, @NYGovCuomo got Jack Ma and the Chinese government to send NYC 1,000 ventilators. Arriving at JFK today!
Mew really answered fans in Thai, English, Chinese and Spanish. In conclusion, WE STAN EVEN HARDER! 
FACT: Movement of private Chinese trucks suggests goods flows between Wuhan and other cities plummeted after lockdown and have yet to recover. Read more on Zhiguo He & Chang-Tai Hsieh's preliminary estimates of the economic effect of lockdown in China:
Thank you for the encouragement. Never got so many “stay safe” messages even when I went to Palestine & Sri Lanka days after terror attacks. How unfortunate to be worried about safety at home because the Chinese have money and reach.  …
Man sad to say but people are just looking at me and treating me different because I am Asian. Not a good time to be Asian right now because to everyone we are all Chinese
A state-controlled Chinese investor is trying to seize control of Imagination Technologies Group, the British chip designer – sparking fears that its prized intellectual property assets could disappear from the UK 
Corona's an operation created by the Chinese bourgeois 
BREAKING: The Chinese government just donated 1,000 ventilators to NEW YORK THANK YOU, CHINA
Cuomo trusts the Chinese government 
Fucking sell outs like this need to be killed. Why dont they test it on Italians? The Chinese? Spaniards? The Americans? What the fuck has Congo go to do with this?  … 
I won't buy any of their products again. My wife is half Chinese. I'm thinking of returning her for something made in the USA.
Despite the racist rants of @realdonaldtrump about "Chinese virus" China lends a helping hand. NY governor says China is donating 1,000 ventilators to the state  …
How many perps were White Nationalists? I guarantee zero. Hey, How are those Anti-White Red Flag Laws working out during this Chinese Flu Diversity induced pandemic? "NYPD has seen a 75% increase in reports of burglaries of stores since March 12th ..."  …
When world history books are written, this pandemic will be the turning point between American hegemony and Chinese hegemony.
Australian politicians launch an attack on the Chinese Communist Party  just right too!
Worrisome when the Governor of New York seems to get more attention from Beijing than from Washington, DC. Chinese soft power on full display. cc  …
Yes it’s obscene — so why do US journalists & political analysts keep pushing the same Chinese Communist Party propaganda on their fellow Americans? Nothing marks the abyss dividing Americans & the global echelon class like ‘the China Symdrome.’  …
This appointment is not only disgraceful; it’s a threat to democracy in every corner of the globe. First the WHO & now the UN will  a propaganda machine advancing Chinese influence & covering up their atrocities.  …
Japanese Deputy PM says #WHO should be called 'Chinese Health Organization' - Decries  in shielding China - Organiser  …
Chinese medical supply are loaded on Russian and Algerian Il-76 cargo planes in Pudong airport, Shanghai. 4 April 2020  
Chinese doctors injected serum of recovered patients into patients with life-threatening COVID-19. First results hopeful; larger trials needed to tell if this works. Requires ~ 1 liter of blood each. This may be the fastest route to a cure for corona.  …
China getting a seat on the UN Human Rights Council is SOLID PROOF the U.N. Is corrupt and ran by CRIMINALS that are DEEP in Chinese BRIBERY just like W.H.O. Watch who starts defending China…  …
. @BillGertz: #Wuhan Institute has denied that its researcher Huang Yanling was Patient Zero, but she's now nowhere to be found Chinese must be pressured into disclosing what they know #WarRoomPandemic #CCPVirus #30DaysToSaveAmerica Listen & watch 
Step One: Seize assets of all  Step Two: Kick out all Chinese Nationals/Students/Workers Step 3: Crushing tariffs Step 4: Very Expensive Visas
We wouldn't want Jared to have to use "our stockpile" to save Americans. Thank God for the Chinese.
Horrific that @NYGovCuomo has to go right to the Chinese to get ventilators bc @realDonaldTrump is too vicious, vindictive,  & filled with hate & resentment  through for thousands people in his home state simply because they didn’t vote for him. Sick. Just sick.
The UN is a failed institution... a reality punctuated (again) by this and the WHO parroting Communist Chinese hogwash of no human-to-human transmission of #coronavirus. It's past time for the US to quit the  …
We will never know without the test but I strongly suspect we have had it since then but no one knew it was Covid. The Chinese only admitted to it when someone exposed them.
Zoom tells me on Thursday: - User data "originating in the US stays in the US". Same applies for UK etc - It has 1 datacenter in China (for Chinese user data) Zoom says on Friday: - Some user data "mistakenly" routed through China since Feb - It has 2 datacenters in China
This is my brother Recep. He was arrested on a charge of “making religious conversation” in November 2014 and sentenced to 5 years in prison. Although His sentence has expired in November 2019, but #Chinese authorities have not yet released him. 
When I recall a Youthful person raised the alarm off a Chinese plane which had landed at JKIA and nobody wanted to talk of it but unfortunately he was treated like a criminal and now I hear youths bring called upon to fight Covid-19 I feel heart broken. Am weak. Just a reminder
For the Record It is called the Covid-19 Virus also known as the Coronavirus, it is Not the Chinese Virus or the Wuhan Virus, it has a real name and That should be used. COVID-19. Don't be Racist. Be Good Stewards of Democracy That is All.
There are countries out there, like the Chinese, who see this as an opportunity to turn a global health pandemic crisis into their own advantage - through disinformation, though grabbing market share around the world, and by stealing our intellectual property. 
The kids in Canada Justin Trudeau want to know why you continue to kiss Chinese ass and why you betrayed USA???
As of 04.04 23:00 BJT, Chinese BLINKs have collected enough money to purchase 209,277 copies of BLACKPINK’s  album (non-shipping back + shipped back to China). Increase in the past three days：+17,935 @ygofficialblink 
Australian politicians launch brutal attack on the Chinese Communist Party about coronavirus  …
Clarifying this tweet. The Chinese gov is facilitating the donation of these ventilators. Cuomo thanked Jack Ma and his foundation for helping with the donation.
the chinese government is the one who covered this up for months, they still haven't even released the real number of those who died. I wouldn't even trust those supplies look at the supplies italy and spain got they were defective or used.
The day when the Chinese government is more responsive to your emergency than your own Federal Government.
The Chinese government has facilitated the donation of 1,000 ventilators to New York, set to arrive at JFK Airport today, Cuomo says; the state of Oregon is lending 140 ventilators 
It’s a sad state of affairs when the Chinese government is more helpful to NYers than the US federal government.
Chinese Govt sent masks to Pakistan...which was later found out that the masks were made from underwears. Pls be careful accepting stuff from Chinese dubious sources.
We are having to rely on the Chinese government to help because our own cannot or will not. How embarrassing is that  …
We finally got some good news today. The Chinese government helped facilitate a donation of 1,000 ventilators that will arrive in JFK today. I thank the Chinese government, Jack Ma, Joe Tsai, the Jack Ma Foundation, the Tsai Foundation and Consul General Huang.
Can’t help but notice that Vladimir Putin, the Chinese Communist Party (Alibaba, Jack Ma, Joe Tsai) and Elon Musk all seem to be going out of their way to publicly offer help to US Government and state entities. Read into that as you see fit. $BABA $TSLA
NEW: New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo says that the Chinese government will facilitate a donation of 1,000 ventilators to arrive in New York today: "This is a big deal and it's going to make a significant difference for us."  
Cuomo just said the Chinese government is donating 1,000 ventilators to New York!
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo announced today that the Chinese government is going to facilitate a donation of 1,000 ventilators to the state. Ventilators will arrive at JFK today. Cuomo thanks Joe & Clara Tsai, Jack Ma & the Brooklyn Nets for helping facilitate the donation.
Cuomo just now: The Chinese government is facilitating a donation of 1,000 ventilators that will  in today. (Brokered by Asia Society.) He thanks Joe Tsai, Jack Ma and the "Chinese ambassador."
Cuomo says that the Chinese government has facilitated a donation of 1,000 ventilators that arrive @JFK today. Oregon is sending 140 ventilators. “It is astonishing and unexpected.” Cuomo thanks Oregon for its “thoughtfulness.”
VENTILATORS: Chinese government is going to facilitate a donation of 1000 ventilators to New York "This is going to make a significant difference for us" Plus, state of Oregon is sending 140 ventilators to NY state.
NEW: The Chinese government is sending 1,000 ventilators to New York, Gov. Andrew Cuomo says. The donation is arriving at JFK today.
"We got really good news today...The Chinese government is going to facilitate a donation of 1,000 ventilators that  into JFK today," Cuomo says.
If India Stop Using Tiktok China Loss Approx $1 million daily and 250+ Chinese Lose their job. Let's Take Revenge... #BanTiktok
NEW: @NYGovCuomo says Chinese government is sending 1000 ventilators, arriving at JFK today.
I have to ask the people who do call it the "Chinese Virus" do you also refer to the bubonic plague as the "Chinese Bacteria"? This language provokes xenophobia.
Dr. Ai Fen, Chinese doctor responsible for releasing China’s cover-up on the Coronavirus...is now missing. #InvestigateChina #ChinaLied #ChinaLiedPeopleDied WATCH THE FULL CLIP  
Leftists are criticizing Trump’s response to the Chinese virus now as if they weren’t calling him a racist for restricting travel to and frim China months ago Ultimate gas-lighters!
Shenzhen  first Chinese city to ban eating cats and dogs  …
We should thank the Chinese for selling us ventilators !!???... Lord give me strength
13 celebrities stepping up to help during the Chinese coronavirus pandemic. 
Their Majesties King Abdullah II and Queen Rania, in a phone call, thank Chinese businessman Jack Ma for donating medical supplies and equipment to support #Jordan’s healthcare sector and efforts  COVID-19 Details: 
Not sure what S.Koreans on #JapaneseRisingSun ban campaign are driving at with this photo, but this actually is scene of a Chinese movie "City of Life and Death". They appear to be The World Red Swastika Society, which is nothing to do with #NaziSwastika  
So proud of my colleagues, working hard to secure different PPEs donated from China to @HopkinsMedicine. 30,000 surgical masks arrived yesterday in 15 individual boxes to expedite shipping. Big shoutout to Dr. Linzhao Cheng and his Chinese friend, pulling off this feat! 
CPC has brought an economic boom and led the Chinese  out of poverty. It has now successfully controlled the epidemic. We respect the US political system, but when the US govt's work against COVID-19 is poor, don't they fell embarrassed criticizing the CPC?
When Trump calling #COVID19 the Chinese Virus, because according to him, it came from China & many other viruses were named after their origins, his own countrymen and others in the world criticized him and called him racist. Now China is pushing blames. 
Who sold America to the Chinese?
renjun’s song  today seventeen’s the8 (xu minghao)  true here’s the full translation + what he said in chinese (i typed them out myself based on what i could hear, might contain inaccuracies) will put the audio in the replies!! 
The Chinese virus is here: SHUT DOWN AND CRIPPLE THE US ECONOMY NOW! When this is over, end reliance on China for goods: WHOA HOLD ON LET’S NOT DO ANYTHING DRASTIC
#UNFAILS - And if no one believes  out of their headquarters in Geneva, what good are they? Most noticeabe has been their tilt toward China, running international interference for Chinese coverups and bungling.  …
An angry man who lost his family member to #COVID19 attacks Chinese embassy in Australia, shouting, death to Communists. He accused China of deliberately infecting the world with #WuhanVirus in its quest to  a world leader. #drelmoatiku is just watching the drama. 
Bloomberg inc is obviously controlled by the  party.
COVID-19: Accepting Chinese help will worsen our case-Archbishop Benjamin  …
BEYOND SHAMEFUL. SO SAD. Cannot believe richest country on this planet does not have the resources to protect its finest and bravest. China learnt its lesson after >3k hcw got infected. Real sad that we didn’t learn anything from Chinese experience. Video: China vs. US. 
REVEALED: Soros Invested Heavily in Chinese Biotech Research Company with Facility in Wuhan that Researches Respiratory Models and Infectious Disease  … via @gatewaypundit
Trump's anti-Chinese rhetoric fans the flames of anti-Asian sentiments in the US and hurts the  State and local leaders should speak out, @hrw  …
Xinhua Headlines: Online tomb-sweeping helps Chinese honor deceased  More Chinese choose online services to mourn their deceased loved ones this year as they can help people avoid mass gatherings and reduce the risk of cross-infections of the COVID-19 
Meanwhile at the Chinese consulate in Sydney, Australia. 
What if... Soros funded a Chinese  in Wuhan to create & disperse COVID19? Bill Gates was on board to push his global microchip via mandatory vaccination? Dr. Fauci & WHO (Gates Foundation Leadership Coucil members) agreed to promote this agenda.
propaganda is only based on Technological superiority war between China and America let's not get involve. China discovered 5G thats America's problem. When done blackpainting 5G they would do same to Tiktok cos it is currently making waves and it Chinese owned #TachaPavedTheWay
He is the only leader who understood the dangers of Chinese Corona Virus and took extreme precautions! #ModiTheWorldLeader
Friendly reminder that blaming Chinese people for COVID-19 is a false equivalency, why don’t you just get mad at your GOVERNMENT for not taking proper measures to keep you protected during a pandemic?
l m f a o if you actually were part of the Chinese state media, how would your tweets be any different?  …
#जिहादी_TikTok please ban tik tok its Chinese and launch like this of platform in in india 
01/24: A lab in TX requests viral samples from a Wuhan lab. Wuhan agrees, but Chinese officials intervene & block lab transfers. Trump still praises President Xi, ignores warnings from intel/health officials that China is concealing the scale & delaying cooperation on key fronts.
Bless him trying to order a Chinese while the masters at work
DRDO called off a crucial missile test recently due to the Chinese Virus lockdown, closing of all International flights which prevented the participation of some observers from Russia for crucial BrahMos-ER test flight which now stands canceled. 
Every journo who spreads Chinese propaganda should be prosecuted.  …
Edible insects. EU standards starting to look like Chinese ones.  …
#CoronavirusPandemic If according to @NCDCgov those who tested positive have been treated, recovered & discharged, means our doctors are doing well. So why then is the @OfficialAPCNg govt bringing in Chinese doctors to Nigeria?
01/21: A Seattle man who had recently traveled to Wuhan tested positive for the coronavirus,  the first known infection on U.S. soil. 01/23: Chinese authorities shut down the entire city of Wuhan, turning the teeming metropolis into a ghost city #TrumpKnew
Hauwei is  back by the CCP (Chinese Communist Party); the Chairman of  is a party member. The fears of loss of all these economic benefits and power to China and possible spying has fueled the information war to slow Hauwei down and give the West a chance
Chinese saving the world from an epidemic they created at a time when their economy was hit hard. I've received this video from several sources and its definitely is created by the Chinese propaganda machine. How many  from China? Is it biological WARFARE? 
I'll be joining @TeamCavuto on Fox News this morning at 10 a.m. CST to discuss how we MUST hold the Communist Chinese government accountable for its cover-up of the Wuhan Virus. 
I have received a threat mail from Chinese. I have posted an ad to rent my apartment in DC.A man texted to send me a deposit check to secure it. Next day received check.there is no money.called him.he said :it is Corona Virus Check & I am positive.I hear his Chinese accent. 
Progressive organizations, many backed by billionaire activist George Soros, are at the front lines of a campaign advocating for a “vote by mail” system in the  presidential election, citing fears that Chinese coronavirus pandemic makes it too dangerous to vote in person.
PEDICTION:Trump will "fall" to a Chinese covid attack. He did what he came here to do. Slaughter the bull of the economy. He can go home now... #EpsteinIsNotDead
The political class has convinced us that the Chinese COVID-19 virus is the dreaded apocalypse, with no regard for the economic fallout!  …
“The Chinese almost certainly know [the origins of the virus] but they have not shared it. By learning its origin it will better help us understand the biology of the virus and how it behaves.” | 
Yes, because amazingly Chinese military personnel & entire manufacturing sector were left untouched. What a coincidence. China ramping up military presence in South China Sea amid coronavirus crisis:  …
In a phone talk with EU's top diplomat Borrell, Chinese FM says:  -China feels the same way when #COVID19 caused heavy casualties in Europe -China's help to the EU's needs is an act of reciprocation for its kindness & based on the int'l humanitarian 
BASED bloomberg is encouraging the chinese to do dumb stuff that'll lead to another pandemic. BASED.  …
In January, Azar, now a deeply wounded secretary, asked people around him for help on getting Trump to focus on coronavirus. He said White House viewed him as "alarmist." But Trump aides say he only tried to reassure POTUS & they were misled by Chinese.  …
EXODUS Chinese Ver. (2015) 
12/31: CDC first learns of cases in China 01/03: CDC Director informed the virus is spreading in Wuhan 01/03: Sec of HHS, Alex Azar, notifies the WH and instructs his Chief of Staff to share the Chinese report w/ the Nat’l Sec Council. #TrumpKnew  …
First it came for the Chinese, and @realDonaldTrump did not prepare- Because he was not Chinese.
#XiJinping is #China's most ruthless leader since #Mao. Xi is no #Deng. The more Xi censors #News from the public, the sows discord. Let’s hope that the Chinese deaths under the #Communist Boot don’t reach 65 million, as they did under  …
As a micro-distributor, we don't have much, but @dgeneratefilms would be honored to pay critics, curators, or creators in search of a gig. Curate a list from our collection. Review a film. Write a topical post on Chinese independent cinema. Will send you links to view. DMs open.
Australian politicians launch an attack on the Chinese Communist Party  @MailOnline
Australian politicians launch an attack on the Chinese Communist Party  via @MailOnline
!!!!BREAKING NEWS!!! Chinese president _has finally spoken on the "CORONA VIRUS" saying "shaici ting uang teng wena feng lemise dong fong'hong choo la jienhang zing cjoon feng lemise dong fon,,," I agree with him because it is for our own good
2/2 Ivanka Trump's Chinese trademarks on products from baby blankets to coffins raise corruption concerns  … via @ABCNews
The Chinese Communist Party, known for cooking its books on everything from military spending to economic growth, has applied its trademark mendacity to this crisis, too, @peterrough 
China notified WHO Dec 31, 2019. CDC was alerted Jan 3, but didn't test, contain or mitigate. Chinese drs published human transmission Jan 24. Trump called coronavirus "new hoax" Feb 28. Surgeon General tweeted "masks" "NOT effective" Jan 29. Trump declared emergency Mar 13.
Many say "the Chinese are long-term thinkers." Really? Then why are they reopening the wet markets and risking new diseases? #China  …
Democrats are ramping up to leverage a global pandemic made by their Chinese CCP overlords  the largest voter fraud scheme in the history of the United States ... to obtain POWER over you. Be afraid. Be very VERY afraid if they succeed.
Congratulations, @PattyHajdu !The Chinese Communist Party is pleased with your performance. Why  clean with Cdns & tell us who you are really working for? Oh yes, for MrTrudeau, who once famously explained that he “admires” China’s dictatorship.
Getting some grief recently from colleagues in the anti-slavery movement. “Why do you keep having a go at China? Will affect your ‘brand’. Etc.” Because the Chinese Communist Party is the single largest perpetrator of contemporary slavery.  …
Happening in Sydney, in broad daylight. People are targeting the Chinese Consulate threatening to kill Xi Jinping. Nothing about this on the MSM (TV). Coronavirus could have affected this man or his family. Daily Mail has called him ‘Racist.’ I don’t know. 
MD #YousefPour from #Saghez is an Iranian whistleblower like Chinese Dr Li Wenliang warning about #COVID19 and is summoned by different authorities in Iran. He warns that if he goes missing, it is because of his warnings and nothing 
Some continue to blame CCP for misreporting. Others realize how big of an edge learning mandarin will give in the next decades. Anyone who paid any attention to Chinese social media knew how bad things were in January while the entire western MSM downplayed it. Pick your game.
You want to be a bed partner with the Chinese and you wonder why the USA restricted medical supplies to Canada? Whose your friend's now Justin? 
The butchers of the Tiananmen Square Massacre still claim it never happened. The Chinese people should throw off their oppressors and be free  …
Murdoch and his ex-wife Wendi Deng, an alleged Chinese spy, helped arrange Jared and Ivanka's marriage. The ties go back decades.
The story of Chinese fraud and American greed. Perfect time to watch “The China Hustle” on Netflix. Thx to @ijsid for the recco 
From day one, HK and Chinese experts warned asymtomatic people could be contagious - WHO makes U-turn while US, Singapore abandon pandemic advice and tell citizens to start wearing masks  …
remember when y’all were spooked by Chinese transit officers using camera-drones to find people without masks so they could drop one for them for free  …
As of April 3, the confirmed #coronavirus cases in the Chinese mainland was below 900. Other than imported cases, no existing suspected cases have been found. Except from #Wuhan, Hubei Province has had no newly added local cases for 30 consecutive 
(cont'd) or justify yourself with a fictional character in a non-fictional context. There's a chinese saying, 敢做敢当 (gan zuo gan dang). If you dare to do it, dare to take responsibility for it. I suggest embracing this philosophy. It's not the fictional character. It's you.
12 Chinese COVID-19 experts to arrive in the Philippines on April 5 
Mastering Chinese Poetry Ep.9: The Mourning Day more:  
"The man who moved a mountain is the one who started taking away the small stones." Old Chinese Proverb
My grossly oversimplified geopolitical story of the last half decade has been the US ceding global leadership, the Chinese attempting to capitalise... and largely failing because they are neither very good at it nor willing to sacrifice literally any of their million obsessions.  …
A Chinese artist creates stunning 1,650ft ladder in the sky with fireworks in tribute to his grandmother 
Catholics are barred from Mass. "Somebody might die." Chinese underground Catholics went to Mass under penalty of prison. Indian, African, and now European Catholics went to Mass, knowing that terrorists might blow them up. But we can't go. We might get sick. Memento mori.
Zoom’s call encryption is sub-standard and the service may rout calls via Chinese servers even if call participants are not located there, researchers from Citizen Lab find. Zoom uses AES encryption with the flawed ECB padding scheme that...  by @micahflee
connections! The Liberals since Chretian have had an almost incestuous relationship with Communist China! Witness the donations to the Trudeau Foundation by Chinese billionaires, or Liberal Fundraisers or ultimately the sell out of Canada to Chinese interests!
COVID-19: 18 Chinese doctors on their way to Nigeria -Minister 
Amidst the 5G in Nigeria gist, If some of us read the T&Cs of some apps we won’t even download or we’ll delete, Watch this and make an example of TikTok which is owned by Chinese. 
Is anybody else worried that the Chinese have created world panic so they can attack Taiwan?
When you’re a blue checked Western Journo reporting on China, you are entitled to just make shit up She is Beijing bureau chief of @washingtonpost, yet she’s apparently unaware Chinese flag flying at half-mast today or that National Mourning day announced for #COVID19 dead 
COVID-19: What Chinese experts  to do in Nigeria – FG  
Grateful to the families of many of our Chinese students for huge PPE donations benefiting @vassar and larger Hudson  “Countries have boundaries, but love does not,’” one parent quoted. You set an example for us all. Thank 
Everyone in China have been wearing these masks for years. It's  a fashion statement & sign of submission. First, China invades our trade. Then, China invades our health & wellbeing. Next, we all wear masks & look just like the Chinese people who are slaves. No thank you.
I agree but please let’s start defining it as the Chinese Communist Party and not China. The residents of China are at the mercy of their own Government and have also been failed by them on an unimaginable and inhumane scale. We need to keep sight of that.
We need an investigation into Chinese collusion. Russia bought a few thousand dollars in Facebook adds. China gave hundreds of millions of dollars to their puppets . It is time for a strategic realignment. Our relationship with Russia was destroyed by Clinton. Trump can fix it.
House Series #illustrations by Chinese artist © Moy Lee 
I am Chinese, we invite the people all around world to join hands with the Chinese people to overthrow the Evil Chinese Communist Party. The coronavirus was released by the Chinese Communist Party's Wuhan laboratory. The death toll of the Chinese is at least 100times. #CCPVirus
No, f*cktard, I was calling on him to close flights earlier, when it actually would have mattered. BEFORE Chinese New Year travel. As for what I wanted to be done, read my feed, from January, when I was one of the first warning about this problem and you were just a shithead.  …
Diversity, you either die from the chinese virus or get stabbed to death by a muslim while buying bread. Are you all feeling that cultural enrichment and strength yet?  …
When would there be a "National Mourning Day" for the people died in the Cultural Revolution & the Great Chinese Famine, the tens of millions Chinese killed by Mao Zedong?  
Pelosi sides with  again and now offers defense for them , instead of investigating the cause of this Chinese flu outbreak , she now wants to start investigating the White House on handling of the  whoflu  …
The next few weeks and months will determine the future of the wildlife trade in China. With overwhelming public demand for a ban on consumption of wildlife, the direction of travel is certainly changing but traditional chinese medicine remains a tough but to crack.  …
I spend at least 30 mins every morning skimming the day’s Chinese propaganda, so that way I know what #China’s #HumanRights-abusing regime is lying about today. So if you’re ever wondering who pissed in my Wheaties, that’s who.
After claiming to have won the battle against the coronavirus, the Chinese government has begun to send much needed supplies to pandemic stricken countries including the U.S. @RamyInocencio has the 
The #coronavirus originated from China and has killed more than 60,000 Chinese, Italians, Spaniards, Americans, French and British citizens. #COVID2019 has killed less than 500 Africans. Conduct your #COVID19 vaccine tests in Asia, Europe or America. #AfricansAreNotLabRats
Many poors and daily earners had to sleep empty stomach due to the lockdown but our Govt is forced to provide Non Veg Thali to the #TablighiJamaat COVID19 infected persons. They roam everywhere, they bring Chinese virus & they get 5-star treatment but the poor had to suffer.
The West is not losing because of Chinese aggression but by self-harm, led by an obtuse media elite, terrified of debate, recycle trivia to avoid facing our own flaws, “news” is reduced to childlike rehearsal of PC dogma.  …
NOLTE: "All this…billions of dollars in media propaganda on his side, and only 43 percent trust Joe to handle the Chinese virus." 
Chinese Virus is linked to 5G. Also weakening the immune system. Bad for humans and animals. I'm still waiting for 5G defenders to attack me.
Q:aside from stir-fried basil with meat (pad kra prao), what else do you like? G:chinese kale with crispy pork
In this particular case Trump’s personal intervention served to short-circuit some good instincts circulating on the right — suspicion of undue Chinese influence on the WHO in particular. He flipped the right from “worried the experts were  to the opposite.
Wow! So Chinese are in charge of the isolation centre in Osun... Wow!  …
Very  Earlier WHO became CHO (China Health Org) now UNHR would ignore Chinese mistreatment of Uighurs. Wasting and degradation of another UN body. Time for the world to dump these bodies  …
No Republican member of the House of Representatives should agree to serve on Pelosi's Chinese Virus Witch Hunt Committee! Trying this crap in the middle of the Chinese virus crisis is tantamount to sedition! Pelosi MUST be removed & sent back to walk among the sewage in SF.
Made by a single Chinese game developer, Bright Memory aims to be the Devil May Cry / Dark Souls of first person shooters. Episode 1 is out on Steam now with a full version set to be released in the future.  
No not really. The Chinese definitely do though.
Post all these Chinese Virus nonsense gets over, Govt should inspect all mosques and masjids just to verify whether how people it can 
The despicable Chinese Communist Party now declares Dr Li Wenliang a national hero. After suppressing his valiant efforts to warn the world about #coronavirus Dr Wenliang died. How convenient. Dead heroes can’t tell embarrassing truths.
Most sad part in today time is we Indians are using Zoom app which is Chinese where as we have so many IITians , IT professionals and Don not have a single Indian app like Zoom WHY ?
The Xi-Virus Daily reminder: Chinese Communist government WHO, MSM must be held accountable and pay reparations for all the damages caused by #CCPVirus "I Found The Source Of COVID-19..." | Zero  …
Bro our Chinese part of our fandom CARRIES this is. Literally! Please let’s do our part as week. Make accounts, gather votes, learn how to stream, get iTunes to buy the song. Let’s make this cb grand for the girls  …
Breath play is strangulation. Top surgery is breast mutilation. Bottom surgery is genital mutilation. The beginning of wisdom is to call a thing by it’s proper name. (Old Chinese proverb).  …
When the Chinese government heaps praise on you it is time to step aside @PattyHajdu. The woefully inadequate job you are doing, your staggering ineptitude, should have been enough for you to step down. But this really should just drive you out of politics altogether.  …
Should Chinese contributions to the Democrat Party be investigated?
“The US had ample warning & resources to cut down the spread of the virus from the beginning, but @realDonaldTrump spent those critical early weeks calling the virus a hoax & giving US supplies to the Chinese.” Dr. Jha @GOP @WhiteHouse @FoxNews @CNN @TheDemocrats  …
An Aussie guy in front of the Chinese consulate in Melbourne 
COVID-19 = C - Chinese O - Originated V - Virus I - In D - December 19 - 2019.
Chinese Biological Experiments To Infect Humans With Coronavirus Exposed In 2015 By Italian State Media | Zero Hedge  …
last thing I’m ever doing with my voice is defending the Chinese against racism and sympathy for these Europeans. they’re super racist to us and even more blatant about it. they can fuck off.
Hopefully, in the next week to ten days at least chloropquine will be available for those hospitalized. We need to get this economy moving by the First of May. Since I believe that this is globalist and Chinese initiated with the support of their democrat puppets and the Media,
I knew it was high but did not know that as much as 47% of junior doctors are BAME. FORTY SEVEN PERCENT. 29% Asian, 6% Black, 4% Mixed 3.5% Chinese - All much bigger than proportions in the general population  …
Please remove Chinese Mobile apps To slow down Intrusionism of Chinese products/apps/Mobile Apps 1. Tik Tok 2. Like 3.Helo 4.SHAREit 5.UC Browser 6.Xender 7. Club factory 8.All video Downloader 9. App Lock 10.LiveMe 11.Bigo Live 12.Kwai 13.VMate 14. Live Chat #जिहादी_TikTok 
My Name Is Ashish Sisodia And I want permanently Delete TikTok from India. Because it is against of India. It is the platform of #love_Jihad in India and always Target on Hinduism. It is anti nation app, because it's a Chinese app, who helps Pak. #जिहादी_TikTok
Same Day, Same Continent, Same Level Leadership, but different Countries. 1 is a Top Executive Meeting of Namibia gathered to make a phone call (landline) to Chinese Emperor. Other are South African Top Executives meeting (Online) to discuss impact of Civid-19 on the economy! 
Today's day of national mourning in China is one we all share. The many deaths are a tragedy and the pain the people of Wuhan, and many other parts of that great nation are going through is heartbreaking. No one is suffering more than the Chinese people for Beijing's decisions.
I still think about the time Najib brought PSY down for a Chinese New Year convert in Penang, and asked the crowd three times "Are you ready for BN?" And they said no three times. Good times.
Chinese scientists discover first "whale fall" in South China Sea- the "oasis" of life in deep sea Such ecosystems have been found less than 50 times.  
This gentleman in Sydney, Australia vents his anger at China outside the Chinese embassy and used an unique way to vent out his anger against CCP n its leaders. #ChinaVirus #ChinaLiedPeopleDied 
It was a youth Gere Ali who filmed the Chinese plane which brought the disease at JKIA. What did the government do? It spearheaded sacking of that youth. How can we fight for people who are fighting us CS Mutahi Kagwe? Where is Moody Awori?
Abandoned Chinese fishing village being swallowed by nature. See more photos here:  
As I was busy wondering what the hell is she up to being quiet for an hour, kanti umntu is busy consuming some Chinese history. #SneakupOnThem 
China has never given up the life of every citizen, from children to the elderly. This is the basic right that all Chinese people are proud of！ #China  …
Omo this Chinese are on another level 
ig username: tenlee_1001 tenlee: from his name 10: ten 01: looks like 이 (romanized as Lee) so 1001 could mean tenlee so tenlee_tenlee coincidentally the character 一 (chinese for 1), is written in kr as 이 as a korean pronunciation guide in learning chn 
Anurag kashyap deserves Chinese made Underwear mask used in Pakistan to shut his mouth  …
Yap Yangyang is really somethinghe lived in Germany for 6 years and can speak 5 languages Chinese, Korean, English, Spanish and German
She’s Chinese “Foo Kin No One”
Confucius Institutes are engaging in industrial and military espionage, surveillance of Chinese students abroad, and attempts to advance the Chinese government's political agendas on controversial issues such as #Taiwan, #HongKong and human rights in #EastTurkestan and 
Ivanka Trump got her Chinese Patents on Coffins and baby blankets after she started working in our White House. #PandemicProfits
Chinese ordinary people need speech free and American truth news!Take down CCP firewall. Please
During the weeks  was shutdown Nancy was encouraging people to go out & eat Chinese food  …
Please remove Chinese Mobile apps To slow down Intrusionism of Chinese products/apps/Mobile Apps 1. Tik Tok 2. Like 3.Helo 4.SHAREit 5.UC Browser 6.Xender 7. Club factory 8.All video Downloader 9. App Lock 10.LiveMe 11.Bigo Live 12.Kwai 13.VMate 14. Live Chat #जिहादी_TikTok
What journalist is willing to ask ‘why on earth were the PPE gown sizes not considered and converted form Chinese-European standard? HOW can that happen. Instead we had a photo op of #Varadkar on the phone to China thanking the authorities. What % of the PPE is usable? No answers
The UK's Coronavirus death total of 3645 is now higher than China's “official” figure of 3326. It really is shameful how both the government and the media knowingly pump out Chinese Communist propaganda, when studies have shown the death toll is at least 13X what they claim.
Argentine Embassy in #China lowered its flag at half-mast for #COVID19 victims on Saturday, sending a message of “solidarity to all the Chinese people for the enormous challenge they faced and the pain they went through.”  
I've just learned that 'How Charts Lie' will be translated to Russian. As with other international editions (Chinese, Italian, Korean, etc.) I'll write a special preface for Russian readers 
Today is Qing Ming (a day for Chinese to pay respect to ancestors) and China makes today as the day of mourning for both heroes and people who died in COVID-19 outbreak. WayV and members also pay tribute with special posts on their Weibo respectively. 
You doubt high IQ Chinese brilliance? Well they were able to figure out how to use advanced mask-wearing technology, a task that apparently requires a PhD in "getting dressed" in America  …
Every Election Year has a Disease. Facts SARS 2004 AVAIAN 2008 SWINE 2010 MERS 2012 EBOLA 2014 ZIKA 2016 EBOLA 2018 Chinese Wuhan virus\CORONA 2020 All Hoaxes
I don’t understand why the Chinese wet markets are still open given that that’s where the virus originated from? Shouldn’t they be shut FOREVER?
Chinese-owned African pay-TV giant StarTimes just unveiled a new slate of home-school programming for primary & secondary students in #Kenya to continue their education while at home due to #COVID19 school closures.  …
Tik Tok is the new American rage, and thats a Chinese made and owned platform, now the Chinese are in the social media market. They executed their economic mind strategically across the globe and America did nothing.
The Chinese national flag and HKSAR regional flag were lowered to half-mast at Golden Bauhinia Square to mourn #coronavirus victims on Saturday.  #Covid_19 
Chinese regime locked down a county in Henan Province to curb the spread of the #CCPVirus ( #coronavirus) starting from April 1—the first time Chinese officials placed an area under quarantine after the regime announced that lockdowns would be lifted nationwide. 
CCP PRC has been rightly decrying Chuanpus’ associating COVID19 with China, Chinese as racist. But Party’s policies of collective punishment of Xinjiang indigenous people and their relatives across China and abroad is the worst kind of racism.
Acosta shouldn't be called. Worthless Qs. Chinese Communist advocate can sit & take up precious air, nothing else. MY Q: Why doesn't he wear a mask like the Lone Ranger? CNN's Acosta blasted 4 'mansplaining' after interrupting Dr. Birx to attack Trump  …
Many thanks also to the generous Chinese parents of @TuftsUniversity  …
The World Health Organization is a Chinese propaganda outlet.
US policymakers must have an accurate understanding of China’s cyber governance system and Chinese government access to data in order to respond to the risks posed in the most responsible and effective manner. Here’s  …
This is very important and increasingly reported — a negative PCR test does not exclude covid-19 infection even in patients who are sick. Likely to be lower still in asymptomatic individuals. As I understand it, many Chinese centres used CT first and then PCR to confirm  …
cpop but its wayv LMAO they used English, Korean, German, Thai, Hokkien, Chinese, Cantonese, . 
DEDICATION: A respiratory therapist in Brooklyn, New York, is back at work after recovering from his recent battle with the Chinese coronavirus. 
We stare with disbelief at America’s vertiginous unemployment numbers but to put them in perspective it is possible that 205 m Chinese workers have been thrown into “frictional unemployment” by the lockdown. Frank Tang @SCMPNews  
Should we take official Chinese figures for the #covid19 death toll at face value? Definitely not. But just bc we can assume that the Chinese govt is fudging figures does NOT mean that we believe anything that supports that. French media is going gaga over the new allegations. 1/
Forget Chinese Corona Virus They are one of the most talented set of humans! 
Only if the world really be united and stand up to CCP People know CCP is doing what Nazi and Soviet Union did, but people see only Chinese money, but not the future of human population 
I wonder what took Western authority and media so long to provide proper information to get the public ready for coronavirus. Check out the date of the Chinese and Western reports. 1/2 
Good morning I’m running on 3 hours of sleep and a hatred of the  party 
He is bad at drawing and playing wake board. Right now he wants to learn Chinese. #BrightTalkXLazada
MDCAN: Chinese medical experts not needed in Nigeria 
Lana Condor Called Trump Out for His Racist 'Chinese Virus' COVID-19 Rhetoric 
“Fragrance lingers in the hand that gives roses.” A #Chinese couple living in #Australia shared badly-needed face #masks with their neighbors amid the coronavirus pandemic and discovered the sweet smell of 
gravesweeping #CriticalRole #CriticalRoleFanart every year on qingming, chinese visit the tombs of our elders and ancestors to tidy their graves, burn incense & paper money, and offer our respects. it's a day to remember the past, but also to celebrate the renewal of life. 
AEI's @dpletka writes for @thedispatch: This coronavirus pause is an opportunity to think over the Western world’s long game against the Chinese Communist Party in all of its forms. 
Soros the Demon, invested heavily in Chinese Biotech Research Company, with facility in Wuhan, that researches Respiratory Models. Plus infectious disease! Ok, what are the odds of that? Documents from securities & Exchange Comm. in 2011 show Soros Fund Mgmt. LLC invested WUXI
When people say don't understand chinese that is discrimination. When Chinese don't understand English that is there's culture This is Chinese style #HumanRights
Anyone saying the words "Chinese virus" or "foreign attack" are working for the NWO for free. These people are here to bury the truth. These people were too lazy to read history. These people call themselves "researchers." They're lying to you: Name them! 
Folks, I give you the power of “media” in the hands of the  party.  …
Daily reminder: The correct nomenclature is The Treasonous Open Borders Democrat Party! Their treason is on display as they play politics with the lives of Americans during the Chinese virus crisis in an attempt to damage President Trump's reelection campaign! They must PAY!
Subtext is that Chinese women's wages have increased tenfold over past 15 yrs and they started leaving shitty marriages when the could afford to, mirroring trend in post-war America.  …
Why are the Chinese no good at cricket? 
The first 10 Amendments to the U.S. Constitution are called the Bill Of Rights. Question: If a Chinese virus erupts and spreads across the globe, how many rights from the Bill Of Rights do you still have as an American citizen? Answer: That's right. You still have all of them.
As a Chinese American working in China studies I think a bonus in this field is finding out, sometimes first hand and sometimes observing what happens to non citizen Chinese in America, how tenuous the quote unquote model minority status of Chinese people actually is
About to start a rebasing project to create a Chinese platoon for  These are conversions based mainly on the Caesar Chinese. Heads in Stahlhelm taken from Airfix. Others are converted from HaT WWI Ottomans with Airfix heads. 
The very first Chinese patient who survived COVID-19 talks about it in a sad interview 
Job: Lecturer/Assistant Professor in Chinese Language, UCD Irish Institute for Chinese Studies (IICS) (Temp 5 years)  …
-"noona saranghae" - he said he didn't buy a new phone yet because it's still working - he replied to p'james & said he misses him so much too he hopes to visit their show soon - managing time was the hardest in pursuing PhD - half thai, half chinese #MeAskMew
It's National Day of Mourning in #China, as the  those who lost their lives amid the #COVID19 outbreak. Yet the sentiment below probably captures many Chinese citizens' true feeling towards how #Beijing has handled mourning over the last few  …
dressing up as ateez albums but make it chinese 
HOW DID WE GET HERE!!! 5KG meat mix portion before chinese Virus= R145. Since lockdown=R300. Oil before lockdown=R44 Since lockdown=R51,99. Cabbage before lockdown=R9,99. Since lockdown =R47,55 Face masks before lockdown=R3 Since lockdown=R50 
There is no reason to believe the Chinese government is hiding the full extent of novel #coronavirus infections and deaths, and those who asked about the matter were fueling #conspiracy theories, Canadian Health Minister Patty Hadju said on 
When I’m elected to Congress, I will support pulling all American funds out of the WHO after their blatant collusion with the Chinese.  …
Just reminding everyone: "Azar testified that officials from the CDC first learned of coronavirus directly from Chinese officials on Jan. 3. ... but Trump’s aides 'mocked and belittled Azar as alarmist.'"  …
#USA woke up to #Islamist fundamentalist threat after 9/11. Will it wake up to the #Chinese threat now? China has already started the Third World #War thru #biological weapons. #USStateDepartment. #PresidentTrump. #CIA
starting to think a graph that doesn't account for population size and takes chinese data as gospel may be doing more harm than good 
Africa will turn into Chinese colony after Wuhan virus pandemic is over. African economies have been hit hard by the Pandemic. #Africa #Coronavirus #WuhanVirus  …
CHINA WILL LIKELY IMPORT MORE SOYBEANS FROM US THIS YEAR AS AGREED IN THE PHASE-ONE TRADE DEAL , AND AS THE US INTENDS TO INCREASE ITS SOYBEAN PLANTING AREA: CHINESE GOVT OFFICIAL
Due to Chinese people mourning today, @CARAToSEVENTEE1 and @svtct1 won’t be streaming with us today @SVT_Banzai and jCarats will be streamig from 8 to 10PM KST. Stay safe Carats. #SEVENTEEN #舞い落ちる花びら #Fallin_Flower @pledis_17  …
BANGSA MALAYSIA began in 1450AD *Sultan Muhammad Shah married a Tamil Muslim from S.India *Sultan Mansur Shah married a Javanese, a Chinese and a Siamese through mixed marriages  diversity of different races & cultures has PRODUCED that a NATION what we are today
EXCLUSIVE: The chairs of four Commons  have written to the PM about a Chinese  plot to seize control of Imagination Technologies, the British chip designer whose customers include Apple. GCHQ has also been alerted.  …
#SouthChinaSea #MoFASpoz on the incident involving Vietnamese fishing boat QNg 90617 TS & its 8 fishermen around Phú Lâm (Woody Island) of the Hoàng Sa (Paracel) Islands of #VietNam which was hindered, rammed and sunk by a Chinese Coastguard vessel.  
The Chinese are our enemy
If Adam and Eve were Chinese we would not be here today 
For the record I'm all for Made In Canada!! Boycott Chinese goods is great in theory but until Canada starts manufacturing shit it's just a great theory. Maybe this was the wake up call Canada needed.
"China’s cartels fueled by government subsidies undercut U.S. and  driving them out of business. Western firms  against  They  against the Chinese government."  …
Hopefully ⁦ @ItaButtrose⁩ and ⁦ @kirstinferguson⁩ can explain why our brave and independent etc ABC24 is running with such obviously fraudulent Chinese death statistics? The ABC’s news judgment cannot be to accept this absurd CCP propaganda at face value. 
@abresler Zoom’s backers include Bucantini Limited, a fund owned by Chinese billionaire Li Kashing.  …
State-owned Chinese investor to seize control of chip designer Imagination  …
interesting seeing black diaspora producing sinophobic jokes about the food Chinese ppl eat cus I remember white ppl being disgusted by us eating animal feet and stomach. harmful stereotypes about food affect us too.
Tharn in the book is Thai-Arabian mixed. Tharn in the series is Thai-American mixed. The one playing Tharn is Thai-Chinese mixed. #MeAskMew
I’m sure the Chinese killed and ate the HE bat & now it’s the SHE bat who is taking a revenge. Had the Chinese eaten a HE snake and caused a virus, we Indians would have charmed the SHE snake out with a 'been' “Main teri dushman dushman tu mera.........”
This article in @TheLancet, written by Chinese doctors, about the early Covid-19 cases in Wuhan is definitely worth reading. The doctors do point to the Wuhan wet market as the origin of the virus.  …
Businesses in China are orderly resuming operation, injecting stability and confidence to Chinese economy and global medical supply chain amid COVID-19 
Qing Ming is for remembrance.We mourn our countrymen lost to the deadly disease.History&the Chinese nation will never forget the heroes who died standing in harm’s way. They will not have died in vain if all countries of the  together to win the battle against  …
Your daily dose of French racism. After making laboratory rats out of Africans, they're making pokemons out of thousands of dead Chinese.  …
In parts of India cows are sacred. Muslims/Jews dont eat pork. Vegans scorn you for eating any meat. If you're a meat eater pointing fingers at the Chinese diet, remember there are a lot of fingers pointing at your privilege of 'chicken, lamb or beef' options. FOH
Chinese Virus has saved us from useless press conferences of the EFF.
THREAD: Some thoughts from this collaboration with @initiumnews and @royngerng on #Taiwan, #HongKong, #Singapore's responses to #COVID19, from which I learnt a lot. You can read the English version here:  … and the Chinese one here:  …
If New York really wanted to stop this virus from spreading they would have shut down the trains and subways a long time ago. Those train and subway cars are giant incubators. Just like the Chinese government DeBlasio is killing his own people for a political agenda.
DOH announced on Saturday that 12 Chinese healthcare workers will arrive in the Philippines on Sunday to help the country contain the spread of the coronavirus disease. 
 to help us? Help us on what exactly? How? What are  to do that our 170M population can’t do? Close the borders now! We do not need any help for now. Our corona patients are RECOVERING! @BashirAhmaad @jidesanwoolu @DrEOEhanire 
"The Cold War was over decades ago" -Thing said by a dude who never says this of the Cold War propaganda currently espoused by Chinese state-run media  …
Why are the Chinese no good at cricket? 
It's very possible that The Igbos probably do more business than any other tribe or region in West Africa. How have we used this to our advantage? How have we tried to leverage on this? Why can't a  have its headquarters in the SE rather than Lagos?
Punyaa laaa fikir what is blooo rupanyaa it’s BROOOOO Chinese version why am i soo stupid
Chinese Boxer rebels in 1900 did not want to overthrow the Ch'ing dynasty. Their targets were missionaries and foreign businessmen. Check out for more pics:  
This is incredibly insensitive. Black people are dying at alarming rates in Detroit right now due to the same racial disparities FDR created. He left Black ppl out of the ND. That’s the last thing we need right now. He would have put Chinese Americans in internment camps too.  …
I am beginning to find it more than a little annoying that the Media still insist on reporting the number of cases and deaths in China as stated by the Chinese. Anyone really believe more have died in the UK than China.
COVID-19: MDCAN advises FG against inviting Chinese medical experts  … Cc @nmanigeria @NGRPresident @DigiCommsNG @HouseNGR @NGRSenate @DrEOEhanire @NCDCgov
Can’t believe all these medical experts from WHO on the airways telling us what a good job China has done. China is responsible China lies China puts it’s own people in concentration camps. Chinese businesses were buying up medical  across world in January.
People from all around the world need to adopt this attitude & buy their own countries products first if they can, or neighbouring/ally countries’ products second. Buy quality that lasts, not cheap tat produced in sweatshops. Boycott Chinese products as much as possible.  
The Chinese were the first to sail to Africa. In 1405, under the explorer Zheng He, China came to Africa. Almost 100 years b4 the Portuguese China had gun powder, navigator, paper, centuries b4 Europe They had the power to colonise Africa and the world... But they didn't.
"public discourse framed the virus along the lines of liberal/authoritarian or modern/backward .. we did not see a great threat, because we perceived the virus as something related to the Chinese authoritarian or backward other, disconnected from the West"  …
REVEALED Soros Invested Heavily in Chinese Biotech Research Company with Facility in #Wuhan that Researches Respiratory Models and Infectious  …
Doctors have urged the Government  clean over how long it will take to address problems with some Chinese coronavirus protective equipment. “It is unacceptable to expect frontline health care staff to work without proper protection.” #coronavirus  
I want some Chinese food ughhh
That video of the Chinese girl eating the Tortoise traumatised me
Anti-Chinese xenophobia is now so normalized that one of the “security issues” with Zoom shared by a mainstream blog like @daringfireball is that they have 700 employees in China. Every major  has employees in China and/or of Chinese decent.  …
#PandemicSexTapeTitles Tiger King: Murder, Mayhem and The Chinese Virus Starring: 
Paid Media : Non BJP ruled states Kerala, Delhi and Maharashtra are handling Corona Virus and lockdown really well Reality : Maharashtra, Kerala and Delhi have maximum cases of Chinese Virus
Sir, all Chinese apps should be banned in India. Chinese phones are also problematic but we are too far sucked with their cheap stuff.   …
Masks versus  by 3M. Ignore the  Chinese backed UN WHO and get the facts from the expert manufacturer. 
All of you using tiktok.... a  that owns tiktok and under the china law all your info must be sent to Beijing. Check out all what the app can collect from your phone 
Yes!! Half Thai, half Chinese.
The Chinese are evil bastards! Dog's are family,  and assistance dog's for the disabled! They are NOT food!
Definitely note worthy and potentially related to current events considering we’re dealing with a Chinese Virus: “Expand your thinking. When did Hussein travel to Asia? When was the stringer released? When was the RED video taped? Do you believe in coincidences?” 
#COVIDー19 and the Chinese hybrid strategy. A very interesting piece by @TerryGlavin @J_Jakobowski @Molos123 @TomekDeptuch @PawelPaszak @Bjoern__M @Konflikt_Sicher @HeikoBorchert @IndoPac_Info @PatrycjaPendra @r_zalski @bernardoinchina  …
Shameless liar for the  regime. When she’s not spinning lies about Wuhan coronavirus, she’s denying China’s human rights abuses.  …
So TikTok is owned by a  & look what they do with your data. 
Goodness gracious. A segment on French news network BFMTV about Chinese burying the victims of #Covid19 & observing 3 mins of silence. You can hear one of the journalist whispering “they’re burying Pokemons.” This is sickening. #Racism  …
COVID-19: MDCAN advises FG against inviting Chinese medical experts  …
Recreating 'Chinese Girl' by Vladimir Tretchikoff - with green eyeshadow, sharpies and a panettone box! #gettymuseumchallenge #BetweenArtandQuarantine  
American memes against China: Racist, ignorant, childish, based of lies, unfunny. Chinese memes against America: Funny, painfully truthful, catchy, non racist. 
#StopPoliticsSupportPMIK I pray to Allah to improve further. As soon as China found out that there was an outbreak, the Chinese remained in constant contact with the high officials. They gave every kind  that our children are safe there. Imran Khan 
China threatens economic warfare if  not given 5G contracts - continues to award domestic contracts almost solely to Chinese  What a world. But go ahead, do what  you - what could possibly go wrong :)  …
#StopPoliticsSupportPMIK Chinese acknowledges the help Pakistan had extended during the whole crisis, thus they have wholeheartedly extended help to the government of Pakistan in terms of equipment medicines and other supplies required to fight this pandemic. 
Minister: Chinese medical experts on their way to Nigeria 
3M Says It Needed Chinese Approval To Sell Medical Masks In The US  via @alphanewsmn
I was at my parents today to help out and go shopping for them and my mother distracted me while my father went to Woolworths as they thought I wouldn't be able to find the Chinese wine vinegar.
I wanted to die of happiness but turns out it's going to be some bitchy chinese virus.
Since mainland Chinese are officially allowed to remember those who died from coronavirus today, let us remember Dr #LiWenliang , whose death sparked the fire that burns through this thread of protest art. He will not be forgotten. Source: 
Kun can speak Korean and Chinese fluently and is learning English so he  with fans, and has already improved a lot, he already uses english captions/ kr / chinese so everyone can understand depending the platform so thoughtful 
1. A pandemic began in China. 2. The rest of the world is on lock down, billions of people are pissed off. If Chinese diplomats even understood the basics of "perception management/public relations", they would know that nobody has time for silly conspiracy theories right now.
Anti-Asian incidents in United States appear to be spiking as @realDonaldTrump and @SecPompeo promoted their “Chinese virus” and “Wuhan virus” rhetoric. Comment @Diplomat_APAC, by @hrw's @SeashiaVang:  
In which I lambast  deceit and bullying and praise #Taiwan — among other things. (2000 words, no paywall)  via @MailOnline
And then there is the masterpiece that is his rap verse in City 127, which contains both Korean, English, Japanese and Chinese. With this verse, he makes sure to include a larger group of fans as we all should enjoy Neo City with him. 
Chinese photographer takes portraits of 42,000 medical workers in #Hubei  
True to the description of an 'Iron Brother', China has stood by Pakistan through thick and thin, in times of war & peace. Recent Chinese support to fight corona is case in point. At a time when no other country was ready to invest even a single penny, China came up with a ...
The dangerous censorship continues: Chinese "officials are pushing relatives to bury their dead quickly and quietly, and they are suppressing online discussion of fatalities as doubts emerge about the true size of China’s toll from the virus."  
Based on my research, Bill Gates paid a Harvard professor named Charles Lieber and Chinese nationals to develop COVID-19 as a bioweapon. They released the virus in Wuhan, China at just the right time to hurt Trump the most. Bill Gates and Charles Lieber are guilty of treason.
Well, working as a crew member on movie sets always seemed interesting to me, but never before I wished to be 1) male 2) middle aged 3) chinese #xiyao 
Why are Chinese so bad at cricket? Because they keep eating the bat! #WA Copied but I find it funny.
Higher than Himalayas, deeper than Atlantic etc. More and more medical supplies from China reach Pakistan including twenty containers with testing kits. China has asked Pakistan to control the Tableeghi shit or send them to Uighur camps where Chinese know how to 'handle' them.
China and Germany, as major manufacturing powerhouses, should prevent the #COVID19 epidemic from triggering a new round of trade protectionism, says Chinese State Councilor and FM Wang Yi in a phone call with German FM Heiko Maas  
First of all in case you don’t know or forgot, Kun is the leader of WayV, a 7 members chinese group under SM entertainment / Label V, and he strives to be seen as a great leader, which he is. 
1. Australia/Dutch/Turkey/Spain recalled 100Ks defective Chinese PPE. So, Eritrea also has rights to reject Chinese PPE for the same reason. 2. #Eritrea gov’t didn’t close the Clinics but just transferred the operational/administrative 2 Health Ministry; all are still  …
Chinese people observe quiet Tomb-sweeping Day amid 
Read and see what our amazing @UoNPhysio postgraduate Chinese students say about Baduanjin Qigong exercise! #QuaranTrain  …
The Filipino Chinese Community Calamity Fund (FCCCF) has donated ₱250 million worth of medical supplies to frontliners and hospitals and 200,000 food packs of five-kilo rice for people in Metro Manila and the provinces who were affected by the pandemic  
The webpage of Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of #China turned black and white to mourn #WuhanCoronavirus patients' death. However, The photos of Chinese Emperor #Xijinping and #LiKeQiang remain oddly full color. #COVID19 #COVID2019  
There will be unprecedented economic collapses in countries around the world due to the Chinese coronavirus In just 2 weeks over 10 Million Americans filed for unemployment Demand we STOP importing "refugees", illegals & foreign guest workers NOW U.S. Citizens Must Come First!
Italy has spent $28 billion or 1.3% of its GDP just to fight the #COVID19 virus aftereffect. That's a huge price on top of massive death tally, for the irresponsible political correctness shown by Italians with "Hug a Chinese" drama on streets a few weeks ago.
The Chinese regime must be held responsible for all victims around the world. Xi has still not banned the dirty,ethically unacceptable WetMarkets, the source of the pandemic.They are still open. Xi doesn't care if viruses are spread worldwide. It is  …
Agree! Let's get back to work! Chloroquine as a prophylactic shield against Chinese coronavirus. Then we reduce China to a 4th rate power. I believe China did this on purpose. Deliberately. To test their biological warfare on the rest of the world. They experimented on us!
No respite for the 1 viewer channel even in times of the Chinese Virus... No breather to NDTV in Rs 405 crore 'unaccounted money' case  …
China will likely import more #soybeans from US this year as agreed in the phase-one #tradedeal, and as the US intends to increase its soybean planting area: Chinese govt official  …
Matt Hancock warns people will die if lockdown is breached this weekend, as UK death toll passes China There is absolutely NO WAY that the UKs death rate is greater than China's. The Chinese have deliberately fudged their figures by a few 100,000 or so  …
Came across this article on @malaymail yesterday and I emailed @CarlsbergMY seeking clarification & this is what they emailed me. Looks like @carlsberg Malaysia only interested in helping Chinese schools? You only have Chinese customers? 
Asking the Chinese government to report on my weight.
For all the legitimate fear about Chinese attempts to bully and buy influence they’re actually fairly hapless, clumsy propagandists outside of  to the deft manoeuvring of Russia they look slow and stupid. I rather doubt this will be a ‘Chinese century’ as promised.  …
Under Xi, CCP foreign propaganda messaging has reached a level of stridency not seen since the Cultural Revolution, when arrested foreign journalists & teachers on false spying charges &amp; Chinese diplomats fought with police at the London PRC embassy.
The most famous Indian fangirl of the Chinese Communisty Party, bashes US & India over #WuhanCoronaVirus in her latest rant in foreign press. Not a word against People’s Liberation Army. President Xi Jinping should now make her his official spokesperson. She is doing a great job.
National flags fly half-mast at Chinese embassies, consulates in different countries as China holds a national mourning for martyrs who died in fight against #COVID19  who died of the 
Feinstein's driver of 20 years was a Chinese spy. who knows what all he has on her and all the rest. and he's just one example.
This gentleman in Sydney, Australia vents his anger at China outside the Chinese embassy. used a unique way to vent out his anger against CCP n its leaders. #CCPVirus #China Video courtesy:(in the now) 
Freedom of religion #Chinese style: Monks waving #CCP flags & singing a CCP song "5-star Red Flag Fluttering (Triumphing) in the Wind". 2 lines of the lyrics: "We love peace, we love our hometown & whoever dares to violate us, we will let him die! " This is mandated by  …
Since the Xi era, CCP foreign propaganda is conducted as a business activity.  are encouraged to make strategic mergers & acquisitions of Western media & culture enterprises in order to take control of global China narratives.
"When the full history of [ #COVID19] is eventually written, the Chinese Communist Party will bear massive responsibility ... So will a World Health Organization ( #WHO) that seemed too interested in the health of the Chinese regime at the moment of truth."  …
My mother is Filipino Spanish Chinese Indian and poly. My dad is Irish and Mexican.
A group of Chinese climbers are attempting to climb Mt #Everest while the site is closed for foreign climbers because of #COVID19 crisis.  #Everest2020
COVID-19 supplies from Chinese billionaire Jack Ma never reached Eritrea  
Steve Forbes says coronavirus hit US economy like 'a sledgehammer'  #FoxNews The real push against hydroxychloroquine is the fact that DT liked it. If Trump said the sun came up in the morning, they'd say, 'Oh no,that's a Chinese lightbulb in the sky "
Chinese people never forget: people visited the tomb of pilot Wang Wei on Sat, China’s #TombSweepingDay, and sent him a model of #J20, China’s most advance fighter aircraft. Wang died in April 2001 after the jet he drove collided into a US 
Question. Had we enforced our borders, limited Chinese acquisition of our industries, and had shorter supply chains, do you think the Pandemic would have been as deadly?
We're working on making Voxel Art more accessible to anyone, globally, by localizing VoxEdit interface into Japanese, Korean and Chinese and probably more with the help of    
Shenzhen  first Chinese city to ban consumption of cats and dogs  …
"They're going to spread and cause many people to die. The Nigerian doctors are doing well. Italy got worse when Chinese doctors came in. Can't trust their vaccines. Nigerians should resist this"
It’s possible to hold two beliefs at the same time: that America is in decline, and that as an ethnically Chinese person I do NOT want a Chinese superpower.
Why are the Chinese NO GOOD at Cricket..? #nakedchallenge #bats 
#China- #India relations: Paper argues India needs to proactively engage new actors in China’s foreign policy. Blurred separation in SOE & private enterprise raises Q whether #Chinese private sector can indeed be considered entirely distinct entity fm state  
10 am, April 4th 2020. Chinese National Swimming Team suspended training for three minutes to mourn for all who lost their lives during the coronavirus pandemic. 
Fresh pictures contradict the Chinese government's narrative about the scale of the coronavirus outbreak  …
China donates 20,000 masks to @ICT_Police to help the frontline Islamabad Police officers on duty during the #COVID19Pandemic. Chinese envoy lauded the efforts of police. IGP Islamabad Aamir Zulfiqar said Pakistan will surely defeat the coronavirus with help from Chinese friends  …
Who built this #COVID19 site with must-see real-time data for millions of people? The idea came from a Chinese PhD candidate Dong and his advisor after he saw China's experience on #COVID19 control and prevention by updating information in an open and timely manner. 
"the most ordinary Chinese living in China" says the Twitter user whose account was created last month, has 1 follower and seems to exist solely for the purpose of criticizing Western media coverage of China. The 50-cent army has been out in full force lately.  …
CHINA-Traditional Chinese Medicine Threatens Many Endangered Species With Extinction In The Wild and Cruelty on Farms: Farming and trade of body parts of endangered species should not be tolerated! Below is a list of species threatened by TCM  …
BOYCOTT CHINA AND CHINESE VIRUS.
it's qingming today, ie the chinese gravesweeping festival. right we can't tend our ancestors' graves or make our offerings in person – but take a moment today to remember those who came before you and celebrate the cycle of life with  of spring.
China lied and people died, and more are dying every day and I and hundreds of millions of others blame the Chinese government for this every single day!  …
Until the world can hear from citizens of China without the Chinese government over their shoulder, I will not believe any data from china.
Lotus design by Sun Lijuan, artist skilled in the art of Su embroidery, Chinese hand embroidery on silk hailing from Suzhou and surrounding towns of Jiangsu province 
Yeah, he's responsible for the Chinese having disgusting eating habits, catching a virus and giving the world another pandemic
Having spent the first 21 years of my life in a dictatorship, I am not so confident about my own reaction if I were a leading Chinese scholar. After unification, everyone in East Germany turned out to be a resistance fighter. But I can't remember having met too many heroes before  …
I bought a new iPhone but when it arrived I became suspicious that they’ve sent me a cheep Chinese knock off . . . . - I think it’s a phone E . . .
Don’t wanna mention it but these Chinese female influencers always look almost the same. Like..... idk anyone feel me?
 that purchased the ventilators apparently brought  from China to assemble them in Turkey. • Social media reporting that said Turkey had stopped a Chinese transit plane carrying ventilators is bogus.
2 months after Dr. Li died, people are still leaving messages on his blog. “It’s   diary, a virtual wailing wall, a corner of the Chinese internet where thousands of visitors meet from their different worlds of isolation” ⁦  …
people will really let their cat out to attack birds and bats and frogs at all hours of the night and then let them sit on the kitchen counter while food is being prepared and THEN have the nerve to fear-monger about multiple species in Chinese markets
#清明 #Qingming annual tomb-sweeping festival Let's remember these members of the WWI Chinese Labour Corps who died in Liverpool and are buried at Anfield. Many died of #SpanishFlu. And all for the British 
Good morning world I hope you are all safe ( except for trump) I hope he ate a really dodgy Chinese curry last night 
Australian universities begged Chinese students  competed desperately for them - and they contribute(d) enormously to our economy Now we treat them like this?  …
Chinese singer @JacksonWang852, member of #GOT7, is “paying tribute to heroes and praying for the dead” in a Weibo post on Saturday when the whole country is mourning for the #COVID19 victims. 
The Chinese figures are totally unbelievable & just don't stack up. NOW they are reopening the wet markets. They need to be ostracised by every government. @realDonaldTrump has it right. Stop all trade, flights or purchase from #China immediately
英語版 CCP asks OVERSEAS CHINESE to report personal information of their partner, children and ALL members of family-in-law before April 20. #victims_of_CCP #ChinaLiedPeopleDie #武漢肺炎 
China is holding a national mourning today. The embassy flies the Chinese national flag at half-mast to express our deep condolences to martyrs who sacrificed their lives in the fight against #COVID19 and victims who died of the 
In other words, the #Chinese government is saying that the small #Vietnamese wooden fishing boat rammed the much larger, steel Chinese coast guard ship. Do they really think that anybody, other than brainwashed Chinese people will believe such a farce? 
Evidently Emperor Xi Jinping the President-in-Chief of Namibia. Stop wondering why Chinese are still Working, when everyone has stopped, at SWAPO N$700 Million Compound! There is a President and President-in-Chief! 
Just heard...If the President said the  up in the morning... Left would say: “No, it’s a Chinese lightbulb”.
Start boycottig all Chinese products  …
I hope you guys understand TikTok is Chinese based product owned by ByteDance Ltd. Please uninstall TikTok. #BanTikTokInIndia I did it. Now it's your turn. Show China what we Indians can do. #BanTikTok #IndiaFightsCorona 
can you believe these two dorks embarassed us on national chinese television like this 
Did you hear the one about the #Pallywood producer who had dinner at a #Chinese restaurant in #Gaza? He almost fell off his chair when his fortune cookie read, "A PICTURE is worth a thousand LIES!"
Head constable of Mumbai police tested positive fr chinese virus.. He is admitted in seven hills hospital & family members isolated. What was his fault?? protecting us from lockdown violators?? 
The Chinese Embassy in #Germany distributed health kits consisting of face masks, disinfection supplies and epidemic prevention manuals to the representatives of overseas Chinese students on Thursday. #coronavirus 
An Aussie vents his anger at China outside the Chinese embassy. Video courtesy of 
Why is the press not questioning the Coronavirus statistics? Why are they not in hospitals verifying that the deads are really sick with the Chinese virus? @CNN @FoxNews @MSNBC @BBCBreaking @NBCNews @CBSNews @nytimes @washingtonpost
This chinese vlogger make a video on "How to dress up like Jennie Blackpink/Copying Jennie outfits" Jennie is fashion icon indeed  … 
Why are biased media reports on Chinese #MedicalEquipment so misleading? “They are talking about the exception, not the rule,” says @mariocavolo from M Communications Group. 
Got email today from American assaulted in Beijing by three Chinese males who screamed “get out of our country.” “Police were more interested in explaining why people are angry at Americans than in making any arrests. Scary times for foreigners in China.  …
On this Chinese Tomb Sweeping Day, a memorial service was held for the 19 warriors who died trying to fight the forest fire in Xichang, southwest China's Sichuan Province. A sudden fire blown by a crossing wind took their lives on March 30. 
National flag flies half-mast at Chinese embassies, consulates in different countries as China holds a national mourning for martyrs who died in fight against #COVID19  who died of the 
Alex Jones has been proven right about the Chemicals turning the frogs gay, fluoride in the water lowering IQ, and the Chinese working on pig chimpanzee chimeras. Being called a conspiracy theorist these days is like being called right after Epstein didn't kill himself.  …
Filipinos be like "my great great great great great grandfather is 1/4 spanish and my cousin's wife is half chinese so yeah I'm mixed "
So Zoe are you expecting some priviledges because your dad is American and your mom is Chinese? That youre special and the virus will just skip you? Are you saying that the army is making your life hard? Try switching your place with them
No one in Italy's largest  has been infected with coronavirus. This is a miracle. Strict self-discipline is the main reason. It also explains why China can quickly control the epidemic. #China #Italy 
Chinese reality show #YouthWithYou featuring #Lisa, #Elle and #CaiXukun as mentors changed the release date of the latest episode from Saturday to Sunday, because of China’s national day of mourning for #COVID19 victims on 
It will not be well with China for spreading this their Chinese virus. They should be giving kits and ventilators for free for bringing this evil to the world. But they are still cashing out of the situation they 
President #XiJinping and other Chinese leaders attended the national mourning ceremony for the lives lost to COVID-19 in Beijing Saturday. Flags flew at half-mast and sirens sounded while people nationwide observed three minutes of silence. 
I'm really not sure which I trust less; the Chinese or the Democrats. *
Chinese organised shoppers clearing the store of baby formula on friday night at Hurstville coles. It’s time we make it illegal to mail overseas @PeterDutton_MP @ScottMorrisonMP we can’t turn a blind eye to this. 
If corona virus (Chinese virus) hasn’t taught you that there is more to life than money and riches. Then money itself will be the cause of your death.
Sooo Filipino, Spanish, Polynesian, Indian, Irish, Chinese & Mexican basically lol
Chinese soldiers show how to transport wounded in the snow. (drilling scene) 
Now, even Nepal is rejecting Chinese virus testing kits.  …
Chinese Bots this is for you 
The Chinese national flag flies at half-mast at the Embassy of the People's Republic of China in Pakistan to mourn for martyrs who died in the fight against the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak  died of the disease. 
My friend said i can’t die from covid! headlines will be like, “MANGO DIES FROM A CHINESE VIRUS”...
Chinese medical team to arrive in Nigeria soon — Health minister  
Arundhati Roy says that in December, China was busy fighting the outbreak while India was dealing with an uprising by citizens! Chinese govt didn't disclose virus, covered it up and caused the pandemic. See how liberal propaganda demonizes India and covers for China's govt! 
Chinese graphic designers were once again at work quickly to illustrate the differences between the Z-20S (?) naval unitity version and the Z-20F ASW variant with a suitable artwork. (Image via 舰船知识) 
Andrew Yang really be out here like “Let’s get a thread started, I’m half Chinese, FULL American :)”
It will always be the Chinese virus to me.
This article sums it up. The Chinese Communist Party can't be trusted with anything, ever.  … #CCP #CCPVirus_Coronavirus
Oh, that's right... Trump has never lied, now has he @peterjgregory3? Seriously, do you even think before you speak? There's not a skerrick of difference between the Chinese govt & the USA govt, they're both accustomed to fudging the figures (i.e. lying) #auspol
It ludicrous how the whole world is quick to accept the Chinese numbers on infected with and deaths from it's Wuhan virus as gospel. It'd be laughabld if it weren't so deadly serious. I don't trust the Chinese reported numbers for one instant. *
Nationwide vote by mail also ruins Javanka's big plans to profit from rigged electronic voting machines. Remember those valuable Chinese patents for voting machines Ivanka was granted in a quid pro quo to Trump. Just squishes them under the boot heel of democracy.
Time and additional evidence will show that coronavirus "leaked" from a Chinese laboratory. 
She has been stealing from every American that worked for a paycheck! She done insider trading for decades, right up to this Chinese virus! She is wicked and vile! Let’s send this old mare to the barn this November!  …
That's not an attack, nor is it xenophobia. It's the freaking truth about the filthy  party and the CoronaVirus.  …
China held a national mourning for #COVID19 victims on April 4 2020. At 10 a.m. Saturday, national flags started flying at half-mast, Chinese people nationwide observed three minutes of silence, while air raid sirens and horns of automobiles, trains and ships wailed in grief. 
Nothing to see here, just Bloomberg endorsing the disease-riddled Chinese wet markets that have infected the planet on at least 3 occasions.
Senator James Paterson: “The Chinese Communist Party should not kid themselves that Australians are falling for their campaign of disinformation. We know where the virus came from and we won’t forget it.”  …
Only AOC would try to blame a Chinese Virus on white people
OK guys time for another poll: Do you believe that the China Virus started in the Wuhan wet market or in a Chinese Bio warfare Laboratory?
Delighted to announce that paper, "2kenize: Tying Subword Sequences for Chinese Script Conversion", by me and @IAugenstein, has been accepted to #acl2020nlp! This is my first ever NLP main conference paper, so excited!
Chinese cargo with 600 artificial respirators is held in the USA and will not be sent to Brazil  …
#China came to a standstill earlier today at 10 AM local time, as Chinese President Xi Jinping led the nation in observing a three-minute silence to mourn the martyrs, who sacrificed their lives in the fight against the coronavirus outbreak and over the 3,300 people who died 
In a week, Chinese "fishing boat" rammed a Taiwanese coast guard ship, collided with a Japanese Frigate and damaged it, and a CCG rammed and sunk a Vietnamese fishing boat. What is China upto?
I had to check to make sure this take was real.... Keep in mind that a lot of activists on the left have continuously tried to get fringe figures on the right banned, but somehow banning the CPC, which blocks Twitter access to regular Chinese citizens, is a dangerous idea. 
The Chinese lowering their flags to half mast? Shame they didn’t raise their figures to something even remotely resembling the truth.
Hanoi: "Vietnam is asking China to investigate the incident and take strict action against the Chinese vessel and refrain from repeating such acts in future as well as pay  for the damage caused to the Vietnamese fishermen."  …
Wondering why my government isn’t requesting Chinese government for the purchase of COVID-19 related medical supplies under G2G arrangement, delivery directly to be picked up by our flag carrier!
Daily reminder that "Chinese" authority on 14 January told WHO that human to human transmission not possible of Chinese corona virus  …
look at her she's the best mentor ever...mga inggiterang chinese can choke 
Popular TikToker and singer Malu Trevejo under fire after making  about Chinese ppl during Instagram live yesterday. A few hours ago she issued an apology. 
I feel angry with the Chinese .. their killing of Pangolins for their scales and meat has given us Covid19 Yet, it’s probably the last throw of the dice by the little creature... before driven into extinction by this barbaric practice We can call it the #ChineseWuhanVirus
President Hage Geingob has thanked Chinese president Xi Jinping for funding for a new Namibian airport construction project and said Namibia would return for more help.  
Oh, look, a Chinese bot
Spread by the Chinese it’s a bio weapon  …
We slept in one world and woke up in another. Suddenly, Paris is no longer romantic, and in New York, everyone sleeps and the Chinese Wall is not a fortress anymore. Suddenly, hugs and kisses became weapons, and not visiting parents and grandparents became an act of love.
Acquisition of hard assets is subject to eminent domain. China has learnt it the hard way w/African oil fields - it had to keep paying to keep wht it thought it had "bought". US can bring China to its knees in 1 fell swoop - cut off SWIFT access + $clearing for Chinese banks  …
Turns out a 70 year old Chinese person has the equivalent immune system to a 30 year old American
Last year at the Detroit airport authorities discovered a Chinese biologist had test tubes containing "viruses" in his luggage  …
Reminder: Every  has element of state control one way or the other. Some are owned by CCP members themselves. All  have to spy for the CCP BY LAW.  …
Whether it has been a Soros-funded laboratory in Wuhan, or the idiocy of Italian government, with their hug-a-Chinese political proneness, global responsibility must be accountable. Republicans introduce bill going into proper direction.  …
They all r unsung heroes of this fight against Chinese virus!! 
Pro-Chinese Democrat Rep. Stephanie Murphy Wants To Investigate Trump Over Wuhan Coronavirus Her husband is suspected of having extensive dealings with the Chinese govt.  …
Points I Ponder While I Wander in the Leftist's Delusional Yonder The Un-American Alt-Left MSM & DemoKKKratic State Party controlled media continue to spread the Bull Lies & Propaganda of the Chinese Communist party They are traitors to America  …
Zoom apologizes for routing some calls made in N. America through China, says it "mistakenly" allowed Chinese data centers to accept calls due to traffic spike ( @zackwhittaker / TechCrunch)   …
Chinese embassies in Japan, South Korea, Australia, New Zealand and other countries across the globe fly the Chinese national flag at half-mast in memory of those who lost their lives to #COVID19 on the #DayOfNationalMourning on April 4, which also marks China's Tomb Sweeping 
I hold the US media to higher standards than simply regurgitating Chinese propaganda but, you fail at that too.  …
Corona!! Maybe I should stick to calling it the Chinese Virus.  …
Chinese immigrant family, 1890s 
Remember back when the NBA bent over backwards to appease the Chinese government because an assistant coach said nice things about HK protesters then the Chinese government covered up a deadly virus that shut down the NBA and all of American society?
All the hatred for China bred over 3 weeks of lock down shall be washed away with first wave of Chinese goodies offered by Amazon & Flipkart at dirt cheap rates. Love on rebound shall be such that trade imbalance with China shall be even more skewed & MiI shall remain a pipedream
Btw, in case you’re wondering why UC is simultaneously dropping SAT/ACT admissions requirements, yes this is woke opportunism, but the proximate motivator is to get as many kids as possible who can pay full tuition to make up for lower Chinese enrollment   …
Chinese govt: 
#BREAKING: A police sergeant primarily tested positive for the #coronavirus. Police says on the Chinese statement he works for the police tactical unit. Stationed in the Kowloon West Region, he was likely on duty in Mong Kok on March 31 to handle the #antiELAB protest that 
hiii new stan acc here looking for bl stan mutuals! rt or like if you stan: - sotus - lovesick - the untamed - theory of love - love by chance - until we meet again - 2gether - taiwanese and chinese bl dramas - thai bl dramas ill follow back 
Goverment should make sure that all South Africans are employed, get rid of all foreign products  here ready to go to the market like what the Chinese are doing. The cars should be assembled here in South Africa so that our people can get jobs
Let me ask a genuine question: if US CDC is now changing its  because of “new evidence,” how different is it from Chinese CDC that only said it’s h2h transmission in late January because “evidence only became available then”?  …
Read this thread! Interesting. Economic shutdown by the Chinese on purpose?  …
George Soros MUST be named #PublicEnemy1 GLOBALLY! ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦ @mikepompeo⁩ REVEALED: #Soros Invested Heavily in #Chinese Biotech Research Co w Facility in #Wuhan that Researches Respiratory Models & Infectious Disease -  …
#Indian Army now world’s largest ground force with 1.4 million personnel as #China halves strength on modernization push While the Indian Army is bearing the burden of a large personnel driven force, the Chinese are in the midst of a massive modernization  …
If you get this great quote printed on a t-shirt you can also use the t-shirt as an expedient mask to protect you from the Chinese Corona Virus.  …
People observed a three-minute silence at Tiananmen Square at 10 am Saturday as China is holding a national day of mourning  the 3,335 Chinese victims so far of the #COVID19 outbreak. Air raid sirens and the horns of cars were also sounded.  
@bornfreeonekiss Jaejoong, you are loved by many Chinese fans, we will stand by you till the end of the world, please take care of yourself and stay strong! ps. Wish your father recover soon! cr: @baiduherojjbar & 
IMO #CHINA DEVELOPED #COVID19 IN THEIR WUHAN LEVEL 4 BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS LAB & #RELEASED IT ON THE #CHINESE PUBLIC & SPREAD IT ON #USA & HUNDREDS OF OTHER #NATIONS. THIS WOULD #DESTROY ALL THE #ECONOMIES OF THE #WORLD ALLOWING #CHINA TO #CONQUER THE  …
More good news from the Australia Health Department on declining new Chinese Coronavirus infections  …
(Sound on!) The BEST Chinese #Coronavirus SOCIAL-DISTANCING advice you’ll ever 
Chinese Embassy in India refutes media reports about China concealing #COVID19 situation "The Chinese government has always been open, transparent and responsible in all its efforts, including publishing daily updates in a timely manner"  
789 grams of 2,700-year-old marijuana were found in a Chinese tomb in 2008.
The white tiger in The Last Samurai (2003) represents Nathan Algren, an american soldier that came to Japan. A white tiger is also used in chinese, korean and japanese mythology to represent the west. 
Even though #TikTok has given crores to india to fight coronavirus it’s a truth that this  shares ur data with the Chinese government. Hence #BanTikTok #BanTikTokInIndia . Or let them not share our personal details with #Chinese government 
Now in China, national mourning day for #COVID19 dead in #coronavirus outbreak. Sirens sounding and flag fly at half-mast. Today is Qingming Festival aka Tomb Sweeping day, traditional Chinese holiday to pay respect to the dead. 
i’m sorry weishennies want ppl to support them??? why is it so easy for other fans to download all the korean streaming and voting apps but not the chinese ones?? i’m so tired of ppl who claim to love wayv but don’t even want to support them 
I find all of this very provocative and there needs to be an investigation on how this got started. It wouldn't surprise me one damn bit finding some in office and ex officials haS A hand in it with the Chinese govt. Think about it. WHO WANTS CONTROL?? Who called for this?
The Chinese Wuhan Virus was a manufactured attack to bring down the Unites States. The additional 190+ countries are just gravy to the Chinese. Americans, we no longer need goods produced by China. We can never trust them again.
BREAKING: The NBA is "angling" to cancel the 2019-20 season the Chinese Basketball Association cancelled their season, h/t ESPN. "There is a significant amount of pessimism right now." (via @WindhorstESPN)
First it was a mistake that Zoom shared your data with Facebook. Now they made a mistake where they routed video conference calls through Chinese datacenters. Any developer here buy that?  …
A Chinese lady exchanging some ‘yuan’. She was obviously irritated, arguing with the teller in bank. Lady : “Why it change? Yesterday I get two hunat dolla, today I get only one hunat eighty. Why it change?” Teller : Fluctuations. Lady : Fluc you white people too!”
Now I do. But for weeks, I have friends and relatives who have been treating patients in local Bay Area Hospitals. The Chinese Corona Virus is real and anyone who says it isn't,  detached from reality.  …
Here’s more mischief-making by our noble representatives in Congress. Look, look at the Chinese, ignore all the chaos over here, it’s all their fault! Let’s get back to creating a Cold War not working to defeat the crisis in front of us.  …
In a rare lawsuit against the Chinese regime, Judicial Watch, accuses CCP of creating & releasing Wuhan as a biological weapon & demand $20 trillion  Judicial Watch says the first confirmed case of Wuhan dates back to November! 
Some Chinese breeders are raising 'thousands of puppies' to feed diners 
The notion that only the  government is to blame is wrong The Chinese people are the ones who operate those wet markets and are the ones who eat the stuff sold in them & they know the 2002 SARS outbreak originated at one of the markets and they continue to do it
Leland Stanford in 1862: discourages Chinese immigration while employing hundreds of Chinese on his property, calling them a "degraded and distinct people" @Stanford today: lays off and refuses to pay its contracted workers, many of whom are migrants of color #shameonstanford
Best sign of life slowly returning to Beijing amid #coronavirus? This old man absolutely crushing the Chinese yo-yo in the park with his mask on #COVID2019 
Update:Xi Jinping led other Chinese leaders on Saturday to attend a national mourning for #COVID19 victims  
"GOP lawmakers call on Twitter to ban Chinese Communist Party from the platform" We're so obviously screwed and the govt is so obviously inept that finally they can't spin and lie their way out of it. So they're reduced to this. Pathetic.  …
Ren Hang used his photographs to challenge Chinese cultural norms of shame around nudity, he did not believe he was challenging the stereotype and leading a revolution. For him, nudity and sexuality are natural themes which he used in his work. 
Zoom’s service is “not suited for secrets” and may be legally obligated to disclose encryption keys to Chinese authorities, say University of Toronto researchers. 
History of Stock Market Crashes: 1929 - Stock Mania 1962 - Kennedy Slide 1987 - Portfolio Insurance 2000 - Dotcom Bubble 2008 - Subprime Crisis 2018 - Yield Curve Crash 2020 - Chinese Bat Soup
Zoom is a  funded by CCP to directly control its overseas Chinese business entity to collect business data through web cam surveillance technology and transferring the real-time video coding back to China Government for their intelligence and military purpose.  …
Cardinal Bo, Archbishop of Yangon, Myanmar is the head of the Federation of Asians Bishops’ Conferences. His statement about the Chinese Communist Party’s culpability for the global pandemic...  
Red China is not our friend and we shouldn't be doing business with it In the boycott of Chinese goods lies non-cooperation with this cruel regime. Remember when you buy Free 
This is another alarming example of the Chinese law enforcement trying to illegally control the freedom of movement of individuals who they view as "sensitive" and a "threat" to their power.
The Chinese govt has squandered the world goodwill it has painfully accumulated over the years. By neglecting to do anything about the wet markets prior to the epidemics. By minimizing the initial outbreak. By subverting the WHO. By not providing accurate data.
As @709liwenzu told me yesterday, she worried that the Chinese police would arbitrarily take Wang away before he can meet his family and possibly put him under continuous house arrest somewhere, like what they did to other human rights lawyers who served their prison sentence.
On November 17th, a 55-year-old in China is the 1st person to be diagnosed with coronavirus, according to the Chinese. The Wuhan Virology Institute posts a job opening one day later, for scientists to do research on "coronavirus & bats.”  …
Breaking - One day before Chinese human rights lawyer #WangQuanzhang is scheduled to be released, police went to his sister's work place to try to control her and stop her from heading to the Lin-Yi prison to pick Wang up the next  …
how are the chinese restaurants in nyc doing now?  …
Good morning Pumpkin I’d like to call this one Sanctum Sanctorum. It means “where’s my goddamn pick” in Chinese. 
It’s been 20 days since we bought groceries/had a car/walked beyond a 5-block radius so I’m proud of this fake char kway teow I hacked from random kitchen ingredients (bagoong, chili oil, *garlic Maggi*, frozen peas and shrimp, egg, Chinese sausage, scallions, rice noodles). 
I did two talks today: one in Eng to @UMIOE and one in Chinese to @Tsinghua students, about how OR/IE can help fight #COVID19. I'm so impressed by excellent questions from students in US and in China. I hope they  policymakers one day and make the world better place. 1/2
. @MarshaBlackburn China knew they had this disease and they tried to hide it to protect  party and the Chinese new year. 
More evidence COVID-19 may have originated from the Chinese Wuhan biohazard lab. Time to look at this seriously.  …
Worth noting that Chinese fentanyl will likely kill more Ohioans this year than the Chinese Virus  …
Media attacks on Senator Tom Cotton for suggesting COVID-19 may have originated in a Chinese biohazard  back to bite them.  …
Rooting for American deaths AND promoting Chinese propaganda simultaneously. Impressive feat there, Markos.
1. Gonna start a thread to gather #CoronaVirus research I think it's a man-made #Plandemic Although all roads point to the Chinese, it seems a bit too obvious to me. #Event201 is a big "coincidence" If I post something here doesn't mean I endorse it. Just what I'm looking into
The bureau chief at the China Daily, a Chinese Communist Party outlet, called Health Minister Patty Hajdu a role model Still have doubts Trudeau's government is shilling for WHO & the CCP? This implications of this are staggering  …
At this point I guess there's no animal or creature left that I haven't seen a Chinese person eating on the tl and I'm always just wondering like why? Why..
Snow Kong in Youth with you has too many scandals with her private life And I really don't like when people keep saying she is Sakura chinese version. Like wtf
Because he mishandled  and helped cause a phony deep state impeachment at a time where those same  that nobody was paying attention to the Chinese Virus.
Friendly Reminder February 8th: Sec. Pompeo gives speech at the governor's dinner. He also warns them of the Chinese infiltrating their states. He knows what the CCP thinks of each of them. WARNING MESSAGE SENT. "WE HAVE EVERYTHING" - Q 
While it’s still early to say, it’s funny when you read back certain BN supporters suggestion in Penang  the “next Wuhan”. Lol go away with your DAP hatred or subtle racism towards Chinese. They have ZERO new cases.  …
The Chinese national flag was lowered to half-staff at Tian'anmen Square in Beijing to mourn for martyrs and victims of #COVID19. 
Don't forget letting 5 million people leave Wuhan in the days before they shut things down, some of whom travelled the world for Chinese New Year.  …
China is so good at soft power they actually help individual states after the federal government fucks them over. Governors are praising the Chinese UN ambassador  about the president! JFC it’s like China and Trump are both scoring on the same goal  …
Correction @profgalloway failed up to his eyeballs in Russian/Chinese/Saudi debt real estate millennial  …
To the people who insist that it’s okay to call Corona the “Chinese Virus,” imagine if someone called Ebola the “African Disease” and think about how poorly that would go
The real “Chinese virus” is the placement of 2-3 million Muslims in internment camps.
The need for medical supplies, thanks to the CCP and their chinese virus, is making people act more like drug dealers! Underground / Black Market appears to be booming. @marklevinshow @dbongino @TuckerCarlson ....have you seen this ?!  …
So Corona was a Chinese made bioweapon afterall?  …
President Xi Jinping, other Chinese leaders in Beijing attend national mourning for #COVID19 victims.  
This also includes services such as Nintendo Online for Chinese Nintendo Switch consoles which is operated by Tencent. As well as the Apple iOS App Store updating to a black and white theme for the day. No Games, No Game Live Streaming, No Esports. Resume at midnight. 
Eating every part of a domesticated animal in a cooked and healthy way isn't the same as throwing a snake you found on the floor into a pot and boiling it like the Chinese do  …
In a phone talk with Xi, Namibian president says:  - Xi has led Chinese people in waging effective fight against pandemic - more than 500 Namibian students have been safe and sound in China - appreciates China's timely and precious assistance and support 
Panic in #China Over Alleged Food Crisis; Social Unrest Grows Over Regime’s #Virus Response " #Chinese citizens are panic buying food after two alleged government documents were leaked online..." Watch full video:  #coronavirus #CCPVirus 
Just think for a minute how President Trump built the economy up to historic numbers, only to be screwed by the Chinese Communists! We the people must never forget what China has done to us and the world!!!
Chinese take alternative ways to mark #TombSweepingDay amid COVID-19 
CHINESE VIRUS HITS ANOTHER @CNN PERSON ⁦ @BrookeBCNN⁩ Tests Positive For  …
Chinese President #XiJinping, CPC leaders mourn COVID-19 martyrs, victims  
Democrats are doubling down on crass politicization amid the Chinese coronavirus global pandemic. 
“Die you filthy diseases little dick Chinese f**k! Kill all CHINESE” A viewer told me she was recruiting for  & when the job seeker learned it was a Chinese  this is the email she got back. Awful. Race & Coronavirus:  
Prediction 1: Hollywood movies about the pandemic will position China as the hero; Trump as the villain. Prediction 2: Hollywood studios will take Chinese cash to produce such propaganda. (But they really would have done it for free.)  …
I'm so tired of American people blaming each other over this Coronavirus shit. If you think this thing hasn't been spreading in America since at least January then you're naive. We've had hundreds of thousands of  in and out of the US since it first hit there.
Chinese President Xi Jinping, with other leaders, including Li Keqiang, Li Zhanshu, Wang Yang, Wang Huning, Zhao Leji, Han Zheng and Wang Qishan, attend National Mourning for #COVID19 victims in Beijing at 10 am Sat during the National Mourning 
#WuhanVirus The Truth about the Chinese Government 
BREAKING! JUST RELEASED: SLEEPYCREEPYPEDOJOE ⁦ @JoeBiden⁩ NOW AGREES W/⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ TRAVEL BAN! AFTER HE CALLED POTUS A XENOPHOBE! W.H.O. SPREAD CHINESE LIES & PROPAGANDA #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChinaMustPay LASTLY ⁦ @Acosta⁩ IS STILL A MORON! 
Today is Tomb Sweeping Day by Chinese tradition. Everyone in Wuhan mourn the deceased in COVID-19 pandemic. 
This video is the precise script of the Chinese Communist Party’s new line: that China is the world’s great hope. Everything is to deflect blame from #CCP and Ji 
China  those who have died of COVID today. Anything from the western media? Crickets. This is telling-westerners don't really care about how many Chinese ppl died. They want a number to bash on the CCP and make selves feel a bit better for their own 
Proud to stand with so many of my fellow parliamentarians from across the political spectrum on the need to hold the Chinese Communist Party to account when this is all over:  …
Report: FBI Discovered Chinese Nationals Sneaking Viruses Into U.S. 
Chinese officials are pushing families of those killed by the coronavirus for fast, quiet burials, and they're suppressing discussion of fatalities. There's much skepticism about the true size of the epidemic’s toll. 
At 1000hrs, there will be a 3min moment of silence all over China and it’s consulates world wide to mourn the lives of Chinese lost to COVID19.
Scott Morrison says "the real problem" behind Wuhan Coronavirus is Chinese wet markets  …
#VietNam Demands #China to Punish Its Coast Guard Ship for Sinking #Vietnamese Fishing Boat in the Paracels Chinese ship, China Coast Guard 4301, denounced for sinking Quảng Ngãi’s fishing boat in the Paracels - Via  …
In 2019 #XiJinping lifted 600 million Chinese out of poverty. In 2020 they were thrown back into it. 
REVEALED: Soros Invested Heavily in Chinese Biotech Research Company with Facility in Wuhan that Researches Respiratory Models and Infectious Disease  …
Why has KFC never done a "General Tso Sauce" promotion where The Colonel meets "The General" and they get some MASSIVELY popular Chinese star to play the part? That'd be a huge campaign...
The Chinese Communist Party is a danger to every human being on this planet.
